good morning friends from up high oh
it's freezing up here so we're heading
off to that mom and dad's Club garlic
the Gees new moms go but the dads are
coming mom and dad's Club don't forget
the kids but uh I promise when our
friends because we're trying not to move
as much stuff as possible and the
Christmas tree is ginormous and I want
our friends and it's quite a large head
itself and seemed a big 10 inch or would
look good in their house there is we're
gonna give away the Christmas tree I'm
taking down my Christmas tree in June
that's new you want to come up get the
Christmas tree of course I mean joking
up inside your mommy and get dressed
well we're running late when we get
dressed up to our friends house and
we're here until I bring a Christmas
tree we've got some they're not biscuits
says biscuits but they're not it's in
the liar these are my watermelon slice
of cake see this is why you need friends
because you need someone to share your
cupcakes
I'm not a big cupcake fine you know so
no you're zahramay oh no I'm just going
to get out
okay I'm realized that I began to dig a
hole here there's no if we get ahead of
it I meant like you know you know yeah I
don't eat a lot of cake you don't I
don't I'm gonna be cake man if you were
a chocolatier like yeah you know your
leftover chocolate I'm sure you would
find some reason not to although tonight
I'm making dick dinner so why was I baby
watermelon I was like they're they're so
cool looking they ate one did you like
the taste though yeah I honestly did
like I thought it was sold we're going
to use the word forgiveness the media's
like holding on to what happened here
what's happened here huh they're like
hugging you guys gonna be hugging you
wanna give her a hug you get a hug did
you hey hi
oh you're all back dead friends keep a
hug keep a hug yo hug me hugs hugs can
you say best friend can you say best
friend
yeah you do look claps now watching some
TV at the same time look at this thing
and that's so awesome
look Eduardo borne such a cool idea are
they an Irish company yeah that's so
cool oh that's kind of so cool in his
bedroom
don't tell him Elio okay oh yeah yeah oh
he's broken what are you doing
but if you figured out this one don't
you pay attention don't teach your
friend here to do this join you do this
you're gonna climb up here let's go get
the Christmas tree friend
night night night why you guys look so
cute together
oh my goodness you gonna stop your feet
walking in the jungle walking in the
jungle
yeah that's the horsies and what walk in
the grass mom would appreciate that
Monday thank you
so cute that one lunatic little shy kid
they're so cute together they're like
hugging and everything walking and
eating together they're like only then
is it I gives me ideas of what its gonna
be like when it out wardo is I can know
that
and you might walk around together and
stuff so cool they gonna be so cool
friend huh but I think you need a nap
time friends do you need naptime friends
oh you just move in mommy's bike see
what surprises you find we came to
Alma's house just Amenia and me I'm
hoping that Eduardo doesn't wake well he
was kind of stirring but I'm hoping that
he'll be okay like he was fed at 2:00 so
he should be okay but we're just
dropping off some cupcakes and I'm
collecting my voting card and then I
think we need to get home pretty quick
because I have to cook the sausage pasta
that I wanted to do yesterday and then
also I need to get milk so let's go
let's see oh ma so it is 5 to 5 right we
were kind of out all day long and so I
just went to upload the video now look
at that that light is no great lads
dilators no good there's no anything
that size I can't even tweet to tell you
there's no instant I didn't don't get
there I don't care what haaa make that a
little better dancing dancing dancing oh
my goodness let's hope it doesn't oh my
god I'm gonna have to go I have to go to
Hanna's mom say something to uploaded
why do birds suddenly up sorry about
this Eduardo but unfortunately I know
you still got a red light situation go
green go green come on come on deal
right now go clean right now and I'll
forgive you go grim right now and I will
forgive you for all of the trouble you
have caused in my
like okay so we're all here in alma's
house no huh just fed Eduardo I need to
go home and start dinner because it's
gonna take 50 minutes and it's already
done oh I wanted to start like or like
half an hour ago but I didn't so I'm
gonna take it wider with me and leave a
maybe I here so that I can get started I
think I just leaked milk all over myself
which is great but I need to get hurt
fire seeped out of the car first so you
hold on there little man okay good boy
and he didn't really burn I tried to
burn him but nothing can you answer I'm
hoping he won't get sick all over
himself
we're just pumped indica I saw - I have
- gonna get her seat by a pop drink this
year and then think is she gonna put
them on Rick so I came here with Eduardo
and I'm going home wait Amelia
we did a baby exchange right a baby
exchange program hi hi Oh base
fishy face and I think she's making some
sausage pasta deliciousness
deliciousness okay I have a magic mess I
will attempt to drive the car with the
magic mouse okay so I've got all my
ingredients set up for my sausage and
spinach pasta and I like to do that
first kind of an OCD weirdo so I'm gonna
get started on this it's wild garlic
Curtis 1 garlic and sausage facility it
looks really good
y'all look Rihanna made sausage Friday
huh visits amazing friends smells
amazing wanna come into the house it
smell freshly cooked sausages
by default broke your own by mistake
then we don't need this left so by
default
she's the grown-up all right you guys
stay there I'm gonna vacuum up all the
little pine cone things right cause you
gonna mind our dough for me you doing
the vacuuming turn it on
good job you take a note what happens
huh yeah all right let's go there the
two nila stacks of PJs
I always think it soaks you and laid
them out every night and that's it used
to be just one and now it's two
it's so adorable hers are all pink and
his are also blue laughter didn't even
plan that but he just worked out that
way
so it's a little bit later tonight than
usual I also always like to make
Amelia's bed which I cannot wait for her
to move into a proper bed because May if
anybody's know how hard making
like a crib or like a cot is because you
have to try and like you know you're
trying to bend over this thing the bars
and then trying to fix and tuck
everything in it's so hard because this
thing gets in the way especially not
right now but when you're pregnant and
you're trying to lean over the bump you
know I have a bump right now it's a
patched up um cut past a bump
do you also know me yeah pregnant with
some pasta you know what I'm in this
friend
it's pickup of time pick up our time
picked apart time it's kind of like
spinning the wheel of mythicality
I said we have a book here and said the
Porky little puppy again but we had that
last night
any minute comments of people like
lolling in bed - porky little cookie and
saying that they actually had a book you
want the Italian kappa okay it's
not really
daddy's forte we're sure yeah we'll give
it a go okay get another one all right
shake it night your friends say bye see
you guys tomorrow
hope you had a good Friday night this is
what we do that I'm fighting it we press
this button here and it all right let's
go first before you go hold on okay okay
yeah Kansa seeing a muchos and a corto
binga-boinga finger con a finger a bunga
Ektron a binga-boinga that is now in the
best buddies Lucy Lucy claw dove see
Stella polar noise reveille mo @ revoir
Lucy close the gap seek comment via
brilla Nostromo do hot dog guy guys see
tomorrow's my oh this one lap impunity
Polly hello and thank you for watching
today's presentation it is now safe to
click away from this video
if you have not done so yet it would be
greatly appreciated if you hit the like
button leave a nice tasty comment and of
course subscribe if you haven't already
done so but I'm pretty sure you already
have because may I say you are looking
sniffing today you are actually the most
attractive person and the most
incredible person and just be honest my
best friend I can see you yes I can see
you frantically looking random now you
won't be able to find me thank you for
watching today's video I appreciate you
I appreciate everything you run and oh
no here comes the boss have you got some
final words have you got to buy and you
say bye bye see you guys tomorrow
