good morning good morning good morning
we're going to the doctor's today this
room stinks of poop because we've got
them turning puppy uh-huh we're going to
the doctor's this morning for Eduardo
for his why am i showing you my been
don't know this was that was disgusting
I'm sorry but he has a six week you got
up you did yeah he has a six week
appointment this morning and I think
we're just all gonna go actually I think
this might be the last time that we're
going to the doctor's here because the
next one is his first vaccination or it
is that two months what are you doing
we're not reading books now cuz you
should go to the doctor
don't wait with the duardo yeah let's
find you a Bobo hi did you miss me
yesterday don't pull the mirror off the
wall did you miss me intelligent
tell the whole truth nothing but the
truth mom cabbage apples awful job
apples apples apples apples apples yeah
oh yeah so little update laughs oh yeah
so the house that we like super fell in
love with which turns out to be the last
house I said you can it I was like Kenan
I need this when you show us that house
first he's like it's a journey
it's a journey you had to go on you
wouldn't have appreciated and loved it
as much had you seen it I have to start
they know what I've been curious what
all the other properties were I think he
saw that 15 houses whose mental is the
mental spent today like it's not like oh
my god the first flight over in the last
ride home whew good England learning is
so big it's like you're spending like
30-40 minutes between each house trying
to move around and stuff and you're not
going that far you're moving
switch on the mapper just take so long
but all my furnace in the house that
we're hoping we're in the phone this
morning things are progressing very
quickly almost to say that we might
actually be able to get back on the time
that I want that I wanted to move by and
like there's no rush like there is no
rush in us actually going like we could
stay here for four or five months or a
year or ten years or 50 years if you
wanted to but sometimes you have to like
create magical deadlines what what you
make up deadlines in your head you're
like okay it has to be done by this date
and that way you know I mean it
motivates you to do it you know I mean
so I'm but then it just seems that this
might be able to get back on track for
original date which is going to be epic
epic if it works that we are so tired
today and you should not be doing that
are those going off to the doctor's
today huh no yeah yeah no no no no give
me that give me that give me that I will
turn off this camera and I will beat you
is that what you want is that what you
mine that's what happens you're safe
when the cameras are on when the cameras
go off when I cannot call daddy demon
comes out I may have overdone it with
the stripes today got on a stripy top
and stripy flats but it's because I
don't have any plane I just realized I
don't have any plane Navy ballet flats I
really need to get some because this is
a little bit psycho it's a little bit
like obsessive on the stripes but I like
stripes what can I say it's too cold to
wear this outfit without a cardigan but
I'm trying to embrace like spring/summer
with my white jeans yeah I don't know if
it's working
here's Eduardo's outfit let's go oh and
a pile of laundry so we totally could
have recorded that we
yes we are instrumental in changing the
world while changing Irish law I don't
think that's us I'd like to think that
we played a part in it what I doctor
told us that now at the end of the
appointment like hey no he said that
Medical Journal of evident council yeah
they got like their Medical Journal or
whatever and there was an article about
filming appointments doctor's
appointments and not it's like it's
totally looked into it because we've
never ever I love those other people
under us family bloggers yeah get the
show on the appointment and everyone
never the only thing everything I do is
because professor Higgins who is our OB
he was like cool on her from the start
with yeah yeah and he always had a fill
himself people are just not really that
comfortable with it here in Ireland at
the moment but I think it's changes
Jason just but it's like yeah it's fast
it's changing
I was like did we have all our kids now
I know she's singing he's like you know
what he's he is due to be fed anyway try
this yeah
510 and a half pounds I think that like
his neck is like because that's you know
loads bitch ever even comments they're
like oh yo V support his neck and all
this of a site but he is a super neck we
do make strong neck kids though and I
don't think maybe it's just their build
or something he did that thing where
they drop him
see we have any hell does that go right
up straight he's like whoa that's really
cool because like neither of us are like
I don't know I think it happens more
when you're taller and like lankier yeah
I mean either of us are filled like that
all right we're kind of like shorter and
I don't know I don't know maybe that has
something to do with it
what's that like I love that let the
sound oh he's driving yeah this happened
oh no she's a week though right
oh they're also faking crying now now
hopefully I don't remember this should
be sitting here though look that's the
Carter we had and we're in we do you
can't last
oh it's all right here you did the
conspiracy they're following us you
wanted a ham and I'll do her okay watch
your white jeans they look really good
me we're doing it like a hot mama my hot
mama
back away boys all right let's go VIN it
or visit our Spanish friends and get
some Spanish please be huge
go buy everything she has long he's in a
bit of a gum no one likes to be fond
Burwick with stethoscopes cold metal
stethoscopes oh we shall run her little
harness thing this is the perfect place
for it oh sorry sorry
I thought you were saying I thought we
were talking about the stroller I think
the two of them destroyed never all that
sorry I thought you're talking about the
stroller to open the store owner the
harnesses definitely for these exact
places kids run off and play with
traffic I know yeah I credit control
we've come for everything all this is
ominous there's not much left again
Oh
no I said him I will take everything did
you get where did you get your spoiled
when you come here friend coca she
spoiled he a liver and it's not having a
good time
people need to be done I just have to be
careful with this money I know
see see time are we gonna have a CP time
say a bubble say tomato soup oh that
sounds like potato da da and you say
Bananarama daddy mama can you say
blueberry hmm can you say bluh blah bluh
he's a Emilia loves daddy oh daddy the V
by those two daddy
head here folks first folks first folks
oh my goodness the tiredness guys okay
Sonia is down for her nap and I kind of
wanted to bake the cupcakes like do the
cupcakes video today I don't know if I'm
running out of time looks it's like
three o'clock oh my god there's a big
magpie outside eating the empanadas I
threatened on ahead side I know you
shouldn't really throw food out because
of like rats and stuff and mice so it's
putting out a good idea but I just did
it there was just a little bit of
empanada and I just put a head side for
the birds but it's always the Magpies
and the crows and like the big birds
that gets it it's never like the cute
little birds but anyways um so I don't
know if I'm running out of time
two loads of laundry and the goal here
it's crazy how much longer we have just
from having like one extra baby or one
extra person I suppose it's a baby so
it's a lot of like washing and stuff a
lot of laundry pennies I'm saying it's
never imagined like after having a media
remember our laundry size just like
doubled by the day and then after having
it wide oh it's gotten way worse but
anyway so I'm gonna try and do the
cupcake video but yeah for me guys we're
going to drop off a little chop off
let's see if Sarah's there stairs there
I'll probably blog some and she's Coolio
but I'm fun to get a haircut friends so
I begin a summer haircut cuz that was we
were gonna round London yesterday I was
so hot and sweaty and I'm so annoyed at
my hair I was like you are going to be
banished from my hand as soon as I get
home and now I'm home and it's time for
the banishment of their the summer
haircut lads
it's almost June time for a summer
haircut I say this is what I've decided
to do we talked about and we thought
it's best just essentially just to put a
nice little line right there in the
middle guys pretty good idea it's like
styling this is yeah this what
everyone's doing nowadays
you know I why haven't only why I have a
haircut the same as everybody else's and
you can have like jinora looks like
journos those guys please the hit each
other with the pots himself the cheese
huges that's what it kind of looks like
that is styling knives all right you
guys want a haircut come Sarah okay give
me the joking special please okay
magical fun busy what do you think I
look like froakie you watched Vikings
dunk England's like smoking
awesome thanks let's go look who woke up
from her nap
give me a deer look here hmm
you're gonna help mommy
yeah no I just so cute okay it's turning
out guys pretty impressive
II think all right okay this is like the
proper Sunday not sponsored by Anna to
talk about this videos no man you ready
let's go
you can teach idols and they're really
tangy or something and moist they are
really moist like I did not expect this
rose water yeah I owe you okay it's okay
I didn't expect them to be that good I
thought like okay there's a crap ton of
food coloring in them and like there's a
lot of artificial flavorings and stuff
because it's got that mix in it the
strawberry jelly not org I know you're
far from organic no but they're good no
and they are really like tangy it's like
you being a big guy it's confusing it's
like a sweet like a jelly or sweet oh no
walls jelly in it there's jelly in the
powder jelly and then there's also
watermelon so I think that's giving the
water it makes the jelly oh yeah weird
but it's good good weird
yeah you go it's summery mmm some are
making a video
oh yeah the video goes up on Sunday
change guys wondering okay no okay cute
this is comedians just came over and she
like pull them in and put her arms
around him you love him
do you love him you love him
okay but he's he's crying now I know I
know
Amelia Amelia Amelia come here come here
come here
here doing this is d by one somebody he
wanted sound all right there that's
right there it's adventure right there
just think this little one in the other
side too
I think there's a red one on the other
side too huh you can messy you know this
what are you let he'll say I'm a Messer
I got ba ba ba ba ba
I'd have ha ha love let's go hey what is
this what is this hey what is this don't
you go into that window don't you go
into that window alright friend who's
the guy the porky little puppy Hey is it
working little puppy look the popular
book is eating a thingy
alright okay this one looks good friend
yeah yeah
hey Sammy its Tito we're all right from
yesterday and within this one event
we're all going to bed you're gonna take
your little friends I use a fine oh why
do they buy you guys a bike is that if I
use any bye bye bye bye bye is so cute
friend alright see you guys tomorrow for
another exciting adventure episode is it
gonna be exciting tomorrow yeah alright
let's get back to the book
what happens let's get to the end and
okay no hmm later and now we concluded
the end of today's video presentation
did you enjoy today's video presentation
that kind of sounds like you're saying
you didn't enjoy it today the oh my god
I'm getting a free hug okay we need to
go I'm getting free hugs I'm loving it
are you loving it - oh and Eduardo is
crying okay thanks a lot guys hope you
enjoyed today's video
it was ah hey guys thanks for watching
your episode of skinny choice
don't forget me that like button oh my
god I've actually forgotten what I used
to say okay say bye see you guys later
okay okay immediate pick me up my eye is
picking up I got said help
