good morning friends and welcome to this
video presentation situation now god god
I think last week or so we went to the
Paddington Bear to movie we went to view
and we watch Paddington Bear - movie
Paddington Bear - is for boys and for
girls immediate did you like it did why
did you like it yeah I like if you
actually guys I recommend going to see
it
so in the movie Paddington there's lots
of random act of kindness because he's
trying to save up his money because he
what did he want to buy for grandpa
we weren't thinking about random acts of
kindness can you tell me a random act of
kindness that you have done they do you
have a random act the claim is that
you've done lately what have you done I
just played I just played you Susie
Eduardo is three years old that was
impressive so we decided that this
morning we were gonna do a little random
act of kindness for mummy and inspired
by Paddington Bear too we were going to
make mummy marmalade sandwiches because
who like marmalade sandwiches he does as
a random act of kindness from Paddington
Bear himself open your eyes
you got a little lunch box and some
stickers it's a pencil case Eduardo so
we're gonna go ahead and make mommy her
marmalade sandwiches well while we're
getting everything ready guys you guys
go and watch when myself Amelia and
Eduardo traveled in on a train got a
taxi missed the train and went to view
and watch Paddington too as you guys
know Moe enjoy
hello unless ya hello Eduardo
hello Amelia hello mom
hello me hello everyone so this morning
myself Amelia and Eduardo are going on
an adventure you know where we going
well we're going to London Victoria and
then we're going to go to Leicester
Square and in Leicester Square we are
going to watch a very special film
called - the new Paddington Bear movie
is that exciting yeah you're looking at
me I mean he keeps not a very too many
sweet okay okay
so we're gonna go in a car a train a
taxi and our little walking's no you
can't go to your bookie yeah no because
I'm not gonna bring the buggy to London
town all right
hi come on
he's kidding all right guys hey I
haven't actually been in my car for a
while now
hey don't draw on Daddy's car because we
were undercooked or what man
oh yes man all right we'll check we'll
check
we made the journey weight off the check
when we get home later is he still there
right now he's still there
step off careful be careful
good job all hands everybody
we're gonna show you in a minute hold on
hold of Arterton say thank you mr train
Thank You mr. Payne
she's a ticket to the man thank you yeah
you did it guys you made it
Wow now you post us tickets huh you hold
on to it we'll need it for the way home
a magic ticket you get to hold on to it
guys all right now we need to find a
taxi I'm gonna need to follow the line
the taxi line now hopefully guys the
taxi line even broken and then we get
lost in the middle London Victoria
somewhere I'm gonna show you guys the
taxi line I'm gonna teach you all the
ways and follow the black line okay
well you don't want to get lost guys
because sometimes Oh where's the line
gun oh there it is tough you I thought
we got lost
okay we got to follow the line okay wait
I'm going to the car parts whatever you
do don't get lost oh oh oh it's okay oh
we found
oh no we're lost again I know which way
do we go alright we are in Leicester
Square guys are we ready to rock and we
got our faces on our serious face is on
huh our London adventure is coming to
its climax my friends we are ready to
see now keep your eyes out for a little
Paddington Bear wandering around he
might have a little suitcase on him
alright he's around here somewhere what
he's got a blue suitcase okay we're
looking for a little bear with a blue
suitcase a bluey gray color oh he's a
big bear alright I think it's down here
guys a giant bear alright we're inside
the cinema is it
we're inside the cinematic we got to go
up guys play cool play it cool look you
see the little Paddington Bear you see
him over there hi guys waiting for you
that's what he says
good old ketchup ketchup ketchup ketchup
ketchup with the ketchup all right we
made it we made it hmm alright pick a
seat
I'm excited to watch the movie we get
these things look the Paddington Bear
guys so we've now figured out a way
we're both funny and wide open thinkin
don't wanna see how cool is that
it's a seat made for two he does nothing
for daddy in there as long squash in
here down in front okay
rowdy what the rowdy ones at the back
here comes the movie guys you ready
did you guys enjoy our little adventure
into London town
did you enjoy a little adventure already
love show okay so we have got a stack of
bread here guys and we've got some
marmalade freshly made by Paddington
himself we won't say any spoilers
because some of the boys and girls
haven't actually seen the movie so we
don't want to spoil it but guys head to
view and watch it yourself or stay tuned
to the end of this video because there's
an opportunity and a chance for you guys
to win tickets to go see Paddington do
it water needs me
whoa guys look at these marmalade
sandwiches that you guys made for mommy
I think anything is sobbing ha ha ha oh
my goodness guy is that it's selfish
eating Paddington himself would like
these so you guys can start doing random
acts of kindness from now on oh you did
you made these for mommy she's gonna be
so excited when she comes down and we
give them to her did you like your
sandwiches prepared by the children yes
Marmol eat what am was random act of
kindness are you gonna do for me now I
do random acts of kindness to you every
day Jonathan deal yeah Oh who's the last
random act of kindness you did are you
serious yeah cooked you dinner made you
food brought your food into you okay did
your laundry if you want a chance to win
would you like to go see Paddington too
you can do Kate you could be in a chance
there's an opportunity here for you so
planning to do is release on the 10th of
November friends and if you would like
an opportunity a chance to go see the
movie for free listen to me if you would
like to be in with a chance to win
tickets family tickets to go see
Paddington Bear to add view then share
your random acts of kindness on social
media they can be random acts of
kindness at home random act of comments
in the community using the hashtag
Paddington - and hashtag acts of
kindness our winner will be picked on
Monday the 13th of a November best of
luck friends can't wait to see you
randomize caballos
