Emilia and I'll be teen are there new
ears of the eyeball and that's the
negative show these are the days my life
that's the order to give you a fright
there's another little fella
we call them Eduardo if anything to the
show so I understand here don't know him
that well but let me tell you
he's awake at the night with a speed and
then constantly throw enough what here's
a little story I bailed me out this girl
oh that's enough of this I'm sure your
four tear it sneezes but anyway on with
the show so I'm headed to get my hair
cut
it's probably going to be my last time
before I go because we're moving so I'm
kind of sad about thought because people
are gonna text me when I'm driving I'm
kind of sad about that because it's so
hard to find a hairdresser that you like
and I have a hair like the girl that
cuts my hair I really like her and then
the guy that colors my hair I would be
like him so yeah it's gonna be tough
leaving that but hopefully I'll find
something that I like we decided while
we're waiting for a test come on we go
for a quick little cycle cook cycle
friend watch you're ready wheel
don't scratch my car yeah that's nice
it's sunny today
welcome to Harvey Norman Oklahoma
non-event we are looking for satellite
navigation so we looked up we found this
really cool sat-nav that like it's like
some new-age thing that were like
instead of saying like turn left at
route blah blah blah he's like turn
right at the church return left at the
neck at the yellow car it's like live
satellite feed or something like that
sounds amazing
Carly
but I figure it would be active to have
that because goodness get lost I'll live
on in London let's be honest
can we be honest yeah we'll be honest
Baba oh my goodness I was just reading
this here welcome any countries I can
come Oh hmm no petrol welcome any
countries I can go visit now guys and
you guys live in those countries I know
you do
these are the amount of countries I can
drive to now how awesome is that
Thanks Garmin planks barman Thanks
Garmin hi that Peppa big thing was a
goodbye goodbye now we're going in to
get the most important now this is
probably a stupid waste of time because
I'm never ever ever going to get to use
it but I'm gonna go get anyway because
I've been waiting two years I'll show
you in a second pilot let's go
Dola
I tried too much milk and now I'm out
cold
hey hey you
so anyway I went to this card gun place
because everyone was saying they have
the little steps there but um they
didn't have any so and I was that girl
gave me the code and everything to go
online and trying to find them but it
was cool because it was like a light
pink and yellow step told me leave it
like that but it wasn't there Amelia
Biba bebop luma g5a yeah there you go my
gosh a Peppa Pig no wait look
hi Peppa Guanche oh yeah
banished all the snakes from Ireland
come on banish all the snakes Marlins
which I think Wow
that's it that's all we got in there
that's pretty good we got loads of stuff
Wow yeah I got one man that you should
go busking huh you make it killing huh
you can press other buttons and makes
different sounds but that's funny bit
complicated a day some lunch super milk
we do this right so I'm just buzzing
about the sat-nav Amelia's having lunch
watching some pepper right you can
customize the voice commands okay I did
all right so look right so we're driving
along the car right and I'll touch it
look friend I name the device friend
I'll let you know like you know any like
Siri or Google glass it's like you just
say like friend bring me home no friend
stop okay just give you a problem
oh no wow look how clean the house is
guys I'm already cleaned up just kidding
I came home in the places in his dome
and I was like what the hell
all I thought you were he wasn't even
here uh anyway you want to just squash
that bad energy oh my god guys that's
another story but anyways so this is a
look at my hair full look cuz I couldn't
really show you in the car cuz you were
like down here it's such a weird angle
but what do you guys think is it to
mumsy I don't know I think it's nice I
like it it's kind of like chic kind of
modern you know more grown-up uh-huh no
I don't know I just I the one thing I
said to the hairdresser I was like I
really want to try out an angled bob if
I don't want it to look too mumsy
because I know that's always a risk you
know new mom chopped all your hair off
kind of thing but I did it the last time
and I really liked it so I didn't have
an eyelid bob though so what she did was
she did like a little bit longer in the
front and then kind of tapered off in
the back like um you know a little bit
shorter in the back but it's not
actually that short well it is short but
compared to where it was but anyways I
got some shampoo and conditioner as well
but um I cleaned the kitchen because I
was so upset when I came home not upset
but I was so like frazzled so I did the
weekly shop last night I always do it on
a Monday night and oh my god I Center to
not be there and I planned out I did
like a meal plan for the week and I
planned out three dishes that I am going
to cook I think it was three or four no
three because Jonathan's gonna do one
and then we'll have pizza one night and
then I did one Eifert take it because
let's be honest we're not going to give
up takeaways so I'm really excited so I
actually and it worked you know what it
worked at cheaper when I did all that I
thought it'd be more expensive because I
was buying quite a lot of ingredients
and like I bought I didn't skimp on
ingredients either like I got like
really good quality stuff so um
the stuff worked out cheaper I think we
spend like almost 200 euros a week on
food and that's like a lot especially
because it's like only two and a half
people really but I don't know and then
this time around it was like it wasn't
even close to being that much I think
was like 130 or something so that was
really good
I do boy haul you guys so we picked up
some satin out here 2598 garment which
is pretty cool we picked up a multi sync
keyboard which is like a wireless or si
you know it's a bluetooth keyboard to go
of my magic matters because I have the
magic mouse now I have the wireless
keyboard and the highrise for the Mac
this is a really cool look it's like
adjustable support because at the moment
my man oh god my Mac is being am being
balanced on a glossy box that's
brilliant
so no more glass see back to me get the
high rise and then little since dry I
have been waiting for like two years
for them to release the follow up to the
last Wolfenstein I'm never ever going to
live everything's packed away
I'm never going to prepare to play this
but at least I can say I own the game
and that concludes jokey hall so who's
that who's that
you're blocking her who's that okay
who's that
let's beep up you're gonna show Dad up
my drawings where's mommy mommy
yeah I'll train that mummy out of you
yet she always says mommy in a real
English accent not that I actually like
the English accent I think it's cute but
um I have a thing about the word not
mummy
I don't mind mummy it's okay but I like
it when she says it but then I have a
thing about the word mum never call my
mom mom I don't know I do call my mom
mama or mom
yeah I don't like the word mom and I
don't mind mommy like when she called me
mummy it's fine but I call myself mommy
like when I'm talking to her or mama but
never mummy like she gets that from Ben
and Holly and Peppa Pig I know she does
and I really don't mind it it's just I
hope she never called me Mom Oh big cats
done that word you knows some words that
you just can't stand like my sister
can't stand the word moist it like
freaks her out it doesn't pick me out
but I just the word mum bothers for some
reason hello everybody
Shh oh my goodness you're so loud horse
whinnies hi hi hi we get the leaves for
the doggy friends oh don't you subs and
get the name for the doggy friends you
say here you think here you stay here no
few days tomorrow
have fun oh it's a smirk
it's a smirk he drives a smart see days
that's Marty days oh you gave us mercy
days nice smart friend
and every little man you're gonna have
fun tomorrow yeah there you go
I knew it I knew those one coming he
knew is coming new is coming I knew you
had it in yet huh this because Tyra
tomorrow huh don't tell I mean you
horizont Amaro okay huh don't tell the
media it is gonna be you and mommy and
daddy yeah you will see our new hands
before Amelia how's it make you feel
it's a make you feel that way you feel
happy I'll make you feel happy let me
keep them happy does that make you feel
happy you serve cute friend Taco Tuesday
we got the tackles lined up we got the
spice where you put some water we're
gonna have some kidney beans we're gonna
add some sweet corn we're gonna add some
speck in me glass
ah what happened there did you do the
slip off the play I thought Amelia ran
into you or something oh no the one day
the doggies aren't here I'll give you
back your tacos I'll just throw some
more stuff under them
okay this though look what we got
harness buddy just you don't know right
just said don't do that don't walk in
front of a car isn't that cool though
hey Harnack buddy huh cool I understand
the rundown of what is necessary because
you probably won't be home tomorrow and
time to put Amelia to bed just kind of
scary because we're gonna leave like
like five o'clock in the morning I'm
gonna see her all day when we get home
so you go to bed no more like put it to
wake up when I get home just to be like
huh but we're gonna you're all right
friend cuz you're coming with us so I'm
just gonna bake him that quickly then
I'm gonna show Erica had a shower Amelia
then we'll be all set friend
we're looking at you looking at hmm he's
like oh where are we going
yeah don't tell her we'll just pretend
that we're like in the toilet all day or
something like that
you're gonna show Erica how are you who
we get dressed at nighttime honey wait a
meeting first I'll give you first all
right it's gonna need some instructions
all right we put some creams on want
this one hell yeah okay put that on I'm
gonna shake you're gonna do it look like
she's gonna do it
sounds like that was epic okay see she's
she sees I guess not be Donna okay
whenever we went to the book section
Amelia Amelia yeah come on come on pick
a book
you gotta pick a book Piku book pick a
book or clock pick a book you pick a
book you just let her pick a book she'll
pick her she'll pick two books you know
it's the drill put two books which one
this one
you want this one no not that one each
one want a pepper one no not the pepper
one she'll then she to find one she
likes
hey that's what I'm okay no which one do
you want friend okay
tales from acorn wood and one more pick
another one and then we sit down like so
and pick a book Oh rabbit snap all right
sounds intriguing
Oh
whoa it's mr. bear okay you gonna see
bite your friends hi my this just
straight your dad's no mess in the
burgers bye
there you can see by doing a media bye
you guys tomorrow
mmm bye and we all read the book and all
the children around the world
fell fast asleep hey guys thanks for
watching today's episode even though it
is today because it's super late at
night and we're getting ready to head
off Erica promises Erica do you promise
to look after me tomorrow correctly no
Erica doesn't promise to look after me
Lea that's a shame
okay guys don't forget you can check out
our one year ago two years ago and three
years ago and we'll see you guys
tomorrow when we're gonna be super tired
but it should be good episode tomorrow
because it's house hunting what did I
call that ice episode something like
that are you excited ina yeah kinda is
very excited you should be excited to
see you guys tomorrow
