good morning Dylan morning is it yeah
it's still morning well you know so it's
kind of late afternoon for us now I know
I realize to change yeah we're headed to
Tesco because I have to get some
ingredients for a special video that is
happening soon my channel guess what
guys guess what I thought in it so
you'll be pretty excited to hear that
okay no it's actually I just made a lot
tell you it's I'm doing summer cupcakes
but that's not even why I had planned do
this before
and now I'm like everyone's gonna think
that I'm just doing it because because
you guys really liked it but Amelia and
I are gonna be doing a summer baking
series of cupcakes of course so I'm not
gonna tell you about is what's the first
one I'm probably not gonna tell you what
they are as they come up because they're
gonna be a surprise but they're all
super yummy i hand-picked these recipes
I didn't make them up but I hand-picked
them
and I just wanted them to be really fun
and summery just like this weather I
know the wheels are here I just
Matros my druid I'll be saying right you
know where my talk right imagine where
it's like you'd only have a spare tire I
think there's a spare wheel underneath
this thing
yeah whatever affecting lifts up there's
a spare wheel you know the stress
stroller underneath there for an
emergency stroller I'll let you know and
have to know good stuff like she's
bringing a soda because she'd always
rely on the Aurora then you take the
emergency stroller out and you wouldn't
put it back then you'd be in the same
situation so it needs to be an emergency
emergency one but then the same thing
what happens they need an emergency
emergency emergency but in that right
yeah
Emilia hasn't realized and actually
realizes your time for what else
partners between the job 123
fine
I'll get the chart real standard to
teach our girls fenders how's the
medians you we're little toasted cheese
in huh
oh there it is in the corner hey hey hey
hey are you going I'm going
it's a good day to be Amelia hit the
partners we didn't get up here really
got herself to sleep Sambo can't go
wrong with a tasty cheese ham Oh penny
yeah hold this hey this watermelon is
bigger than your head friend can you get
it oh hey take a little one take another
one bring that to mommy
nice just maker Oh three important tasks
French you must be mad nothing mom it's
like Frodo and the ring
come on what you got good girl put it in
the stroller put it in here looking for
three good job green sure I mean it's
just checking the seats make sure it all
adds up yeah is everything okay there
you all right oh yeah one of them two of
them yeah is it all okay you're so funny
friend if anybody has any spare sleep
they'd like to loan me you can send it
to me via Twitter or Instagram or
Facebook oh you can leave it in the
comments below ready to shader huh
I should have saved up I shouldn't use
the phone my Steve credits I should have
saved up for every day hmm
that is what's the business minecraft me
who are you huh watching minecraft
videos bnk Monster Hunters listen to me
now you need me man I'm glad are you
taking me seriously she found a little
opening there's a course all right skin
serious don't do it don't dig holes in
that
you get thousands ready
oh yeah that's it I can feel it I can
feel I been gone
happening
give me a Huey I like it it's unique
you need find your sounds find your
sounds I like it let's make it song like
it like it like it
number one hit single regular folks make
even cooler
quit cycle before dinner
quikrete in their cycle friends which
feet on the things feet on the pedals
put on okay just get a gist of the dough
Liam's come on you're gonna jump off mid
moving what are you Darth Vader say say
Luke I am your father
well let's make some dinner I get a
spare part of a poison but I am going to
slave over this meal tonight lads
alright Slavin and I gave on it the
night off
I said I'll reheat the dinner tonight PA
we did got every right when she step on
this thing you know I love you hi guys
are loving
I just screamed that Nevaeh and I can
figure out the blog and I was like hi so
my name is that I'm perfectly candid all
times
Oh nobody nobody believes that anyway so
I videos I literally could eat pass out
every single day for the rest of my life
and I would never get bored because
there's so many different types of
dishes of pasta and there's so many
different types of pot oh my god I just
I love my stuff can I just say how much
I think so long to pick all the sausage
yeah the sausage gave me all the broth a
flaming boom like boom John I'm pretty
obvious that's all grab your brother and
let's go grab your brother and go with
the flow
you're full of chocolate and milk and
Irish it is personal singing hey
neighbors and get drunk grab the guitar
and growl grunt and growl traditional
Irish music Ronny drew was the best
setters
are you - say skadoosh banana split say
banana split
no say banana
yeah she's cleaned-up can use a banana
split you are getting cuter and cuter
every day give me a smile give me a
smile on demand smiles on demand hey hey
oh oh you're gonna be in trouble for
that
that is how videos disappear because
children steal SD cards to break them
that's like what is that a treaty gig
extreme sadness it's like 50 bucks get
out of here get out of town the top says
I am the big sister right protect
yourself I love big sister yeah it's all
coming together
careful careful careful Oh Angie's down
for the count that's WrestleMania seven
all right hey can you take these weapons
off here you know I don't know I don't
know Eduardo give me your foot give me
go yep
gimme that's things you have to do
bedtime bedtime routine don't you run to
that way no don't you do it
mom
nope hey hey hey hey we've been escapist
I mean come on we have to train your
head to look after wardo he doesn't like
not a big fan not a big fan of
moisturizer
Hey hey you there
me me me yeah let's go let's go media
time your nighttime routine whose
immediate nighttime routine
so that's doodle cream a little bit of
this video stuff you know where this on
her face let me go pick a book huh
but first we have to say goodbye to our
friend days friends you wanna say
goodbye to four newsmen Wow my Casey
Vinny's friend hello John
can you say that can you say cupcake can
you sing Bananarama Bananarama
say bang bang Wow
yes tomorrow you're so cute and then all
the children went to bed and mommy and
daddy ate sweets and watched Game of
Thrones or wherever because that's what
we do nowadays when the kids go to sleep
we're just excited to eat sweets and
watch TV and try and stay awake for
about an hour and then we fall asleep
sadly that's what our lives have become
we essentially are on a one-year-olds
bed cycle hey anyway guys thanks so much
for watching today's video means the
world to us and don't forget you can
always check out what we were doing one
year ago two years ago three years ago
and pretty soon in about ten I know is
there like 25 days or something that
we'll be putting down what we did four
years ago mentalness thanks a lot guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't be late
I don't know why mm-hmm okay bye
