welcome to lazy Sunday home of the lazy
Sundays
Oh hazy Sunday get back here yeah
stop goblets each a man having a nice
snooze no Batman right you know I don't
wanna wake them up but it has a cloak on
it I'm Batman
tell your friends about me Drimmer that
Snickers I for your mind did he was an
American football player and he got like
hurt or something like that and he
sitting on the sidelines rounds like
he's like he's like are you okay yeah
that Pope quick for you to coach get me
what's your name iPad that tell your
friends about me to remember that I Oh
class and you dad you comments remember
remember remember remember - Snickers
odd hey you're always busy on your
keyboard
that's how fast I can type a fast can
you type fast can you type are you
getting licks licks and flicks from Kiko
know you are filing your report you're
filing a report
I need that report on my desk by Monday
okay no slacking Amelia is going to be a
stenographer when she grows up are you
how many words per minute can you go dad
go downwards die down
dad I went to me hey Lia let's go to be
a stinky NOC referred as well
stinky nog refer huh plan here what's
the plan huh hi cranky pants hello hi
cranky pants where's your cape hmm is it
all mushed up here behind you and it
keeps kinda silly but it's okay I might
take it off you can velcro it on on and
off which is kind of cool hmm because
it's just ready for shell but you look
cute as Batman that baby
okay well feed you will feed you
her name was me he was a little Messer
she hadn't do me find the dresser throw
my dad out of their minds we always wish
to qi1 go back in time all the time when
things were better and we had some seat
but alas my name is Little Bo Peep I was
tending to my sheep my truck my little
pokey who's John welcome to this clip oh
my goodness lads this is me why aah
you still got the balloon with us we
still have the balloon with us so I
decided to take Amelia we've nowhere to
bring her nothing today because the
flashing rain which normally I would
just play outside her or bring her for a
walk or something but raining dreams
were like tormented then it's a Sunday
so am those like play crash places that
we bring her to are all closed like
myself and I we have a pretty good
relationship I value our relationship
being good because we do fight a lot you
know and I'm we're not trying to like
you know when you don't see fighting in
the vlogs I don't think that's us like
you know not putting fight you know
trying to pretend that we don't fight of
course in a fight like that's why we
have a good relationship because we both
fight for it we're both stubborn and we
both are you know um you know strong
about our idea so we'll fight about
things but then you know we get past
those fights we never sleep on a fight
which is really important and the fights
never last for that long once both of us
have you know fought our case and then
um you know when I win the fight and
then an apologize it to me for ever
going against what I have to say
I am sure I am very difficult to live
with as is Anna as is everybody you know
you know the way you think that I
couldn't possibly be wrong in this
situation you might just be a little bit
wrong in the situation but yeah no I'm
not not Marvis or great or anything by
any means you know but myself and I
we've been together for six years you
know so we have a pretty good if we
pretty much know each other quite well
but when it with the kids in the
tiredness you're just bickering about
stupid things you know and the fights
just kind of go on for a few minutes but
it's like we just dad you know for our
own sanity we need to split up split up
a little bit huh
but long no I'm talking we're not
splitting up a little bit that's not
what I meant
that's not what I meant at all we did
why do you still have your Milano's
balloon mmm
we didn't like we didn't have a fight
this morning or anything you know it's
just am it's just over silly things you
know bad time or you know disciplining
the kids sometimes you know you have
different reason I call my god you're so
mean to my little baby and chin time
she's like Oh God would you ever be mean
her you know it's like you know stuff
like that you guys know if you have kids
or you just interation ship or you're
alive huh what a media because she's
just walking around the house and she
was bored and I was like look we gotta
do something with her just before
lunchtime but ice might even go down far
enough because we've been getting up so
early
lately with everybody's schedules kind
of shifting and everyone's kind of
getting up at like 7 o'clock now I am
getting so hungry between breakfast and
lunch whereas usually you would always
be like between kind of between like
lunch and dinner was when I'd have my
snack but now it's like I'm starving at
11 o'clock so I had to have a snack I
was like just holdin on for lunch and I
just couldn't do it so I had some fruit
I had an apple and a yogurt because I
was just start I don't know maybe it's
the breastfeeding though but I think it
just has to do is getting up earlier I
don't know
so let's feel annoying huh oh goodness
so we can take brutal bikes huh
many French Pig Amelia would like a
little fun much
yeah if his bike
look at that
he has biked mamacita's any for you
inside my love it's a steak she's too
small for that it's just I know just one
thing
boys this thing
check the how much hmm maybe we should
look at Mothercare no I don't think I
don't I don't think you get the balance
one of these yet friends oh my god
Familia media
it's so cool just I think that's a bit
too big for you girlfriend okay
actually she able for this bike she
can't pedal it herself but she can sit
on it
you can turn around my goodness did you
say you so much fun friends what's this
oh hey hey hey no no you were not
supposed to be in here I supposed to be
there right here for our bike it's gonna
come down that chute any minute now
okay fine don't have a pig sad like this
is 18 months it up so I reckon that it
immediately she's 20 months so cuz most
of our like over trees oh it is look oh
my goodness you see it hahahaha yeah she
sees it what is it what is it she
spotted it yeah you have to give this
away it's a swap Wow Kapow pop slang bow
pop rock and make the original Batman
here lies Daddy friends laughing
whatever that meant
oh hey Sokka you got a problem
cuz I want to put your lights out and
then take your float
Rick your Wellesley's light up in this
situation
oh yeah you know hi guys
that bond you get a media diem like a
Robin or like a back door or something
that may be back I'm not Robin yeah not
even a thing anymore
so what oh wait where you want to see
the bikes in the shop they have like
some food down here like did you make it
lack bones what can you make it no no
I'm going to show yourself make it with
me you know that is no did you fortune
get over I came inside night she was
fast asleep
I felt like punching tonight I was I was
so yes even though he's not the ones up
all night with the feet yeah I hope all
I would waste staring wife why wake my
first trike
all right this looks complicated enough
when you make that sound you know you're
doing manly work that's tonight that
matches hello you know em the thing
doesn't say but you need actually quite
a lot of tools to our to build this
thing what are you doing you're like
hanging out what's this big balloon big
balloon bigger than the Sun and Moon
flying high in the sky guess what huh
where's your Peppa Pig bike ride your
bicycle I think it's a bicycle
I'm not really sure it actually ended up
being okay it wasn't even really rainy I
totally I did not lazy bum mommy's a
lazy bum sometimes you need a lazy day
not right hmm oh my goodness big enough
face you get up base as we can Oh Oh
Amelia is that a bike for Amelia
immediate bike and then a boom in the
back you fer it out no that's so cute
very small Oh hold on almost there Oh
blind it but you move your feet like
this look one foot on now push push push
it on push it it on good girl
corn go on go on good girl yeah oh you
 off your foot self-help icon
right push
good job good job
go get easier naps on the hill ready
okay so we're going to Alma's house
which is kind of a Sunday tradition like
not every Sunday but we usually do this
on a Sunday so is noticing movies enough
sweating minimal make-up come on guys in
Indonesian good dogs I love how they
poop like right at the door really like
seriously
don't proof or you know they don't eat
there so that doesn't make sense
never mind I'm gonna nip let this go
friend come on tippity-top tippity-top
huh oh man mmm mmm he's gonna go to
Ali's house you gotta wake up the step
up this up she has to be friend yeah
is this like hot - is that for cats for
like small feeded people yes the
compromise has been reached folks Anna's
favorite dinner is the broccoli and
pasta broccoli and pasta - my mom's
gonna die not for you
and I said like how wait my pastime Rafi
I always say it's like yeah funny and
that's what I always hear Nick O'Mara
seconds not pass time brought today's it
and it's like a running joke then when I
thought about it I was like oh well
sometimes she does it with stuff yeah
yeah it is so the strategist Oh spicy
sausages and broccoli though are you
broccoli now I'm a grown-up
oh yeah oh you basically have a new
house new everything did you make that
yourself
oh no I can tell it all right you doing
now where's the bed Oh ducky that's
Addie yeah so we're looking for a travel
bed for you oh here it is that's for
Biba peepers gonna stay here let me go
to England okay hey this isn't for
nighttime this is just for enough yeah
so we look oh yeah well it's complicated
the complicated situation what you got
there what plane what's plane and he's
in the error oh that's Emma's room go to
get a room hello hey buddy
by day the SMUD for I am 700 million
years old you'll find me funny nothing
I am a funny hat I am actually an evil
cat I am an evil cat your fear me you'll
have to have my child welfare of a child
hello are you so crazy are you so crazy
oh yeah by jingo say bye-bye Toma well
next week I'll be making the waters a
bye
you can say bye to your friends even all
right folks
let us venture onward the homeward bound
work look we scored some extras
leftovers we're going to be fed for the
rest of our lives you can pull in some
broccoli oh hey hey bye huh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
