hello and welcome to today's video
presentation today's video is brought to
you by oh I like you by your son looking
something's done now mm-hmm still no
news by the way about the house but it
is only about half eight in the mornings
so hopefully Oh later on today I'm
starting to look in some backup stitches
myself and I know we're looking last
night and some backup I'm high seas and
stuff but look where our hearts were
just like destroyed your enemy because
you just like it's taunting us like it's
haunting and taunting of the idea of
having to go start all over again but
not only that but have like you search
across there by now you know because all
the dates and everything need to line up
now oh my goodness
hmm here's a bunch of cuties jeez
alright thank you so hungry you smile
smile and high-five your sister it's
mine and high-fives are you giving to
them you're giving to those after the
boob you go off the boob lands you don't
need to go to boob lands you don't need
to go to move runs you got a pepper land
all right I took advantage of this
trailer situation here you're trying to
make a baby spot sir it's not available
kind of work though there's enough room
on both sides he's more important
because his chair comes there yeah I
just I just I just noticed that I don't
know I just opened it and I was like
wait a second I could carry him okay so
we decided to divorce oops
all right hi here's the plan you are
going to behave yeah oh yeah you must
behave for your mother okay
and I'm gonna cut around this little
munchkin and then hopefully it's gonna
work out cause it'd be so hard to try
and get home and that get back at it
again this is the only option Joe they
should have right you know you go up
right you could put money in and you can
get like a stroller and suppose they'd
probably have to have all the different
strollers for the attachments wouldn't
that be cool like you know you can get
like trolleys nowadays and you can get
like bikes and stuff wouldn't be good if
you could just go up and put it in a
coin and get a stroller its girlfriend
oh my goodness we're not that far away
come on kids
my face is so far it is super heavy now
desk rollers good I need a spare
stroller you can lend me a guy showing
off he's got two kids in his abandons
trials
go go go go go careful though get it
cheaper chip and fall be fun time
steps
good job what there's been an Holly
Peppa oh my god hello hello it's mr. Tom
bow Jonathan oh goodness
I think cause I'm mr. Tumnus what is
this that's the Wardrobe yes I think I'm
gonna get this one because Pippa's on it
you want to get a magazine as well we're
gonna bet my mic come on you have a plan
I figured out a plan for everybody in oh
you can have your magazine let's try
this again for the second time with a
mobile contraption built-in rocker its
hydraulics
we never get here in this era taking are
you gonna come work here
no way teach me what do you think it's
all pink enosis all right color here I
want to see that because if you do she's
gonna dance lovely tonight this with him
on this is fun take those things on
there has taken over the bacon and there
she's making bacon is the whole list
just agreed to retake the reduction is
similar to smoke streaky Oh
what's the plan here what's the plan
here will be better if you stayed inside
answer
you gotta follow mommy that's the plan
rule yogurt yogurt ice
what are you making it ready to the
reveal or no it's a surprise
Oscar I follow some vegetarian name it
turns out there's beef and bacon beef
and bacon you can't really go wrong with
you some bacon odds are Kenya is it beef
bacon or pasta even Andy I mean if you
know your guesses now in the video this
morning fine now usually here it might
be anyway leave your suggestions and
guesses now what kind of a dish could be
made with bacon and I want I can eat the
pizza they go to the Spanish place to
deport coffee roasters and have two
fights I think that it's an Indian place
that's not what I'm feeling I'm just
betting at a monster out of town yeah
very
it's not about humans
to go up to 18 degrees today
and helping people who live in hot
countries are like degrees that sounds
cool ork ork
yeah for my little pale white Irish skin
degrees a lot yesterday I put a video on
my owner 20-second channel you guys
don't know you should totally check it
out this one here boy a gradual oh right
you know what's so funny I had I was
like on what so I talked about two
YouTube channels that I like to watch
right I'm boom Casey who I thought I
could make a CD beer he left a comment
in the second one I was talking about
was you always win and they were like
two of my favorite YouTube channels to
watch boom and they pulled up comments
and I was like what and I was like I
said that I was like so cool
sounds like Owens like what I should do
I should do a video or a tag video on
like my favorite youtubers or something
like that and then like I can link to em
all those different channels but if you
guys don't know you should totally check
out and keep the beers channel which is
here and he puts out like vlogs and
stuff on YouTube and you should also
check out these guys you always win
they do like minecraft and serve them
like it's Hilarion craft and saw me
videos weird game videos those guys are
awesome I'll leave both their links in
the description but it sounds so cool
but doesn't that I was like oh my god
I'm fine go ahead
how does a boy fangirl or my boy a man
fan Manning totally go over right leave
comments and their videos and say like
tell him I sent him and then we'll fill
their comments up with love love and
support only or even leave a comment are
you coming over there huh are you you
better I'll be checking oh but we
checking up on him you have a youtube
account what's your user name doesn't
tell me about it you can watch em don't
do that
prettiest friend army initiate so I'm
making something for dinner
Jonathan's making a mess gonna said
anything I know that's why it was
anyways uh so I am making
from scratch that that leaves a bit of
credit like that my mom is also coming
over to us for six people and so I was
like we're gonna have tons left oh yeah
it's really cool already on what I had
in this morning there's not a thing that
you said about making things yeah
no my parents well my dad would I think
the more the coconut my mom well both my
parents worked and stuff so we kind of
made our own dinners but I do you have
to work hmm no but I think it's really
cool that you want to dance you know if
I like an open boys a coconut some Joker
doesn't want to do the cooking I do it
purely because I don't know because I
don't yeah yeah I know
boy this is really your business thank
you so we'll see how it goes
it'll act like a day like no I don't
want to do this anymore
so this smells amazing
we have here some onions some bacon some
rosemary some scarlet and then we're
gonna add the mint and I think we're
adding some red wine as well some
sun-dried tomatoes some tomato pins and
that's about it and then we need to cook
it in the oven for an hour that's the
only part but we'll see how it goes I
might not do that
like to cook it on the stove let's see
what the recipe is like and I'll see how
how much I can get away with here we are
looks like it's reduced a little bit so
I'm kind of trying to keep the heat down
but I don't know I added one tin of
tomatoes instead of two so maybe that's
why but I saw in the comments of the
recipe that I was looking at online that
they were saying it was too watery so
I'm just gonna do with that and I think
it looks okay I know that's a nice sauce
okay so we're almost done and I'm just
gonna get some plates and then we're
good to go
Oh - folding right out for me which is
great okay now can you say konnichiwa
that konnichiwa okay can you say Doctor
Who Doctor Who can you say hold on
what's this here's that hand you see
your hand for a second some Saints I'm
gonna bet a continuous line yep got two
lines number second yeah sings a line
pinging pinging me jig thanks I need to
have one line in your head you're smart
I'm not goodies they got can you say
heart mm-hmm can you say Eduardo can you
say Emilia Bieber Bieber as a medium
okay in case you didn't know now we do
have hiccups going on here at the moment
could you probably making this a little
bit harder and we're also thinking about
adopting a cat if you don't have enough
dogs in their life
we decided because I mean it really
wants one we're going to adopt a Snow
Leopard so that's gonna be great I have
six dogs one Snow Leopard from two
children now I'm hoping
I'm hoping the WWF we're not going to
actually send me this no effort that
will be pretty cool to have a Snow
Leopard but at the same time did I
actually send it to you do they
oh my goodness after-dinner treat time
folks
that's the way I wanted you oh oh no no
one blonde take it do an apple
strawberry or raspberry which one it's
like a purple hobo Apple take the Apple
the whole one once you into the upper
one here little snails 101 open up open
up wait even give them but I haven't
open their hands and I put a few we
tasted it it seems it's like tasty oh
thank you Miss a good night dear friends
say bye-bye see ya in the darkness no
they buy wool oh you want another one
oh my goodness say bye we are now the
Peppa Pig family say hi say hi friends
oh my goodness
say hi friends no it's not gonna happen
alright guys thanks so much for watching
today's episode point
oink it's the Ciccone Jolie's you're
free to click on any of the links there
I put this one in because I thought it
was hilarious
it's more of a joke when it's all going
crazy here right now you guys say
goodbye Amenia see you guys
