would you like to meet my friends the
Munchkin monster I know munchkin monster
what if I sit down
oh and I put my leg up here like this ah
they give me the rapid because look at
this little cutie right here Amelia she
looks like a little washer woman or like
a 1950s housewife I don't even know she
just looks so cute hmm she's playing
with all my jewelry oh I got euros in
there hmm
so Eduardo is kind of I'm having a
freakout because I kind of knew this
would happen because he was do a Vita 10
it's 20 past now and I just had lots to
do so Jonathan has them for a sec button
mm-hmm we cannot defeat him now I tried
everything everything works for a minute
so now here we go here we go here we go
nice Oh
everything good in life is it amazing
hmm
you guys are useless
you're no help to me asking me like
jokey how did you get so skinny you know
I'm like basically what I do is that
this is called working out the kids turn
on work in your upper arms this is that
this is the ref human detective
yeah been working your shoulders then
you wanna get could a good leg exercise
routine this is a good leg exercise
routine yeah then you want to spill up
one of individually that's section a you
workout with kids that was the woman for
a database you did like an audit in the
house what words that we're not taking
this unfortunately didn't make it which
is pretty good they can do it really
quickly I was am I got some quotes motor
companies and they were looking at like
a longer time frame that's really
worried that you know there's nothing in
the house there's no furniture there's
nothing so for me arrived to this like
bare bones empty house with no bags
we're like what is going to do but I got
turned out time is really good yeah Mike
yeah yes there at the same time the bed
for us immediate hazard yeah are you
tired was that exciting though was that
fun every time we do something like that
it makes it feel more real you know it's
like oh my goodness actually eating oh
you should like the dog's name nope nope
while we were going around the house
with that
woman and I was like oh you know this
coming this is going whatever and then I
was like looking at all the bins in
Amelia's closet and I was like well I'm
gonna donate all of that but it's gonna
be repacked so in my head I was like
yeah I need to do that so here's all the
clothes were donating all the media's
and then we've got some neutrals here
for Eduardo and the things that I wanted
to keep from when she was a newborn but
everything else I'm really getting rid
of so let's do the other pins okay cuz
there's a ton more and now what we're
left with is a whole load of beam and
since I'm really handy so this is
actually a pretty good it's very
therapeutic
because look we're just getting Reaper
geing everything and making room for new
stuff which is cool okay
come on let's get the other one okay so
the other day we got those personal
lines and Teddy's right these bags am i
video right cuz I think this is what you
gotta do and I videoed the business card
but then when I was editing it it was
that a focus and I thought it's not that
bad at focus you manacle few guys that
have asked me to find the name of that
place and I'm like I don't know it was
on the card and then maybe go oh my bin
for you
okay calories trem more I think that's
what you look it up that's all that's on
the card on the Facebook page I hope
that helps so this is what I kept okay
oacute look how this wasn't even I think
this is one once whereas this is way
more washed you can tell but that's
Amelia's first baby grow let's look at
them oh my god gonna start crying oh my
god yeah and then he well he's still was
that small but my two kids and then you
know her little set from the baby be
mine in his he is still using his hat so
that's all I kept from the newborn stuff
oh oh me Mia no no no no I also kept her
birthday dress it's alright
don't have a freakout not in trouble
what I just thought this was too pretty
and too special you know and then this
cardigan all was such a cute little
outfit so I'm gonna keep that obviously
and then I'll try to keep his birthday
outfit Eduardo look this was Emilio's do
you remember no yeah giraffes hey guys
welcome back to what a twenty um today I
am making sweet corn cheese and ham ham
corn cheese this is a medians one is
Anna's one and that's your job
all right remnants Presto's wrap posting
machines have been turned on heated up
huh this is gonna be a good time friend
again medium wash lady mini you drawn oh
is this your the shownotes you doing
your homework is there pink one look so
cute the thing in her head the stack so
stack of dogs they're on top of each
other alright guys so we're gonna do
something pretty awesome and this is
it's not just us we do things for
charity and stuff and we don't normally
kind of talk about it or make a big fuss
about it because I feel that like we do
we we kind of are in the public eye in a
way because of the YouTube singing
because we do and we can so many people
watch it so then but when we do think
she kind of feel like I'm not doing this
to get the credit for doing it I'm doing
it because I want to do it but then what
we're doing now after I said and I was
like you know what I'm gonna vlog doing
this because I feel that like there's a
charity shop right said Vincent de Paul
there it is there I don't got those guys
have no idea what's about to happen
right so we've got all Amelia's old
clothes here I think I have about ten
bags right but some of this stuff is
never even being worn like like some of
the stuff like it's a Juicy Couture
around flooring some of the brands like
oh my goodness like it's so good and
it's so amazing to be able to give that
to charity shop but the reason I wanted
to vlog it because I feel that I wanna
let you guys know that this is this is
partly you know what honestly like mo a
lot of this stuff here was sent from you
guys from viewers who sent clothes for
Amelia and stuff and and sometimes they
might even the wrong size sometimes you
only wore them for like a little bit of
many time so I feel bad it's not just
what's giving to submit to Nepal it's
like all of us these you know it's all
you guys you know that I have sent stuff
that amelia is worn and then she's going
out
now I'll try I'll try and block a bit
when I go in there I don't really know
them so I don't know if I can or not I
am it's mental like it's gonna be mental
the amount of clothes that we have here
and the mana for the opens I've seen
Anna and she's put him in the bath it's
like these are like folded beautifully
unopened clothes like it's mental oh my
goodness gonna make them so happy that's
awesome I love making people happy I'm
eating out what are you doing what are
you doing mm-hmm I don't think you
should be in here
come on come on let's go out this is the
problem with having it go steady Dora
this is not shut it doesn't actually
shut that was pretty stressful so
Eduardo no lipstick on you sorry um was
screaming and Emilia needed a nappy
change because she had a poopy nappy and
then he was just screaming dogs were at
the door scratching to get in or out
oh my god almost had a meltdown but we
didn't we survived um I have a ton of
videos to edit Vita is gonna go down for
her nap soon I sent this Jonathan comes
for everything
mm-hmm so oh great I've got some music
brilliant okay thank you you doing you
dancing we need to feed this guy cars
empty I didn't get to really blog like
every day but anyway then you guys want
to buy some of media's clothes that's
there in there we just you guys know we
all did a good thing tonight as a team
team of good people
huh you guys you've earned some karma
points we all did as a community clone
media got our first bike we're just
gonna get on it now we're gonna go it's
got a little laugh you're going your
first bike quite hop on you gonna go
yeah thank you both so lo and behold I
am actually cooking what you know like
hair burn hmm maybe it's not yeah I just
turned that on oh what's that
peanut butter and jam
so actually amelia is doing a what I ate
and I'm like usually we have this like
she has the same as us
but on the one day that I cook very
different meal and I'm like oh that's
not really setting a good example it
says I made our peanut butter and jam
sandwich and then she's having a boiled
egg but it's just because we're having
um a lazy meal pumpkin and amaretti
ravioli which are really good and they
take like four minutes to make hence I'm
why I'm cooking so but um so we've got
her PB&J on the go then we've got our
pasta on the go and her egg on the go
and I think the pastas just right ready
and then we're gonna add some intense Oh
tomato and garlic it's really nice this
is not cooking this is like just easy
peasy lemon squeezy but you know what
sometimes that's what you want what what
what are you doing
you are a mess ER you know that you want
a mess let me put in the secret password
the secret code of passwords put in the
secret password coach got everyone the
secret password code go
melius million visit and she's a hacker
you hacked are you hacking are you
hacking mm-hmm second Skynet they're
right
you can sign quest to have a shower
friend yeah how do you feel about that
can you say keyboard keys a computer can
used a iPhone can you say Apple
Microsoft
yep I can use a friend hi friend my
friend let me try and get a media to say
and I'll try and make her say them can
you say onomatopoeia can you say peanut
peanut butter Ito can you say snuggles
McGee do you say super casual fragility
eyelid oh can you say smack my mom is a
smack my bum
and she's out of here hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
this I Cody
jealous I'm gonna like to be so we're
trying to have them totes new instead of
just playing out the regular little
outro thing I thought it'd be like
totally fun if we did a sort of an outro
thing where I could like chat if we
could like what's the craic what's the
gossip shouldn't any mean like how you
guys doing today if you don't wanna do
that you can go ahead and click any of
the above links 1 2 3 & 4 and soon to be
5 so if you guys like this I just
started be kind of a fun way a more
personal ending to the vlogs where I
could say like oh my god you guys see
when the video was like being really
horrible open I was doing like that work
I think it was amazing it was like so
amazing anyway thanks you guys
thanks you guys so much for watching my
video hope you guys have an awesome rest
of your day and us to see you back here
tomorrow for some more awesome fun
amazing it's getting busy
alright bye bye
