forget your troubles come on get
blogging law along the long love come on
slowpoke to get your troubles have some
babies put them on the Internet's make
some jokes and poke fun at your wifey
it's okay it's called my life be
one two three four five six and seven
eight good morning we're just getting
ready for the day too because we have an
important video to film together today
it's a stunning day as well apparently
we're getting a heat wave for two weeks
and then that's supposed to be it like
for the summer in Ireland but we're
moving we're moving from Ireland no
because it doesn't affect us but um
that's mean though if we were staying
here it'd be pretty well I'd be happy
I'm really happy with the heatwave but
I'd be pretty upset if that were it for
the whole summer
so Amelia and I are filming a cupcake or
not cupcake it's like a muffin video or
baking healthy muffins for toddlers for
toddler snacks so I have to find a
pretty outfit because this is an
important video and I think I'm gonna
try and find something cupcake II want
to go night-night you are such a funny
little one you know okay let's go
night-night would you like to see the
current bane of my life yeah right here
this other or their stuff like what is
it I constantly like we keep everything
on this little fella here it's a big
cloud drive it's a 50 terabyte trial
drive what happen as so nothing that
we're supposed to stay on these right -
they're efficient for editing this team
oh she's 159 gigs of other look what so
like I'm trying to say now which is um
what's a call I can't remember what we
have tried like literally listen to me
like oh it's on my disc sweeper right so
I'm oh this is a watch on my Mac tag
video
so we tried cleanup on like a boat - and
the killer cleaned it up for testing
kind of cleaned up for testing current
but it just did not work and here we go
Omni super it's an excellent and this is
what it's doing it so I'm hoping that
this is going to somehow find something
and answer my question is what is this
and how do I get rid of it I'm pretty
sure we found the outfit oh my goodness
this is so cute I can't wait to see her
in this oh look at the ballerina you're
going to show the mirror you want to
show daddy you're so cute
hold on hold on we have to make mommy
and daddy's bed
let's make mommy and daddy's bed and
then mommy has to get dressed okay I
know it's a hard life we did it folks I
think I figured it out so I use Adobe
Premiere Pro to edit so I checked lo
look 81 gigs in Adobe 81 gigs in common
scroll here look dogbert um how long ago
what about sworn nearly two years ago
proposal wedding like oh my goodness
look at this all the files it is being
like magically saving them for some
magical reason why would you do that why
would you save them when I press delete
it so anyway that is that is it lads
we figured it out oh my goodness what do
you do it yeah
I get the guy just wait a second you got
a bag full of poop I got a bag full of
poop and if you get dirty before the
video I'll get in trouble right setting
up tonight so Anna's working is really
cool projects on another channel you
guys have to tune in and watch it's like
a baking series type thing although your
happiness on your time
yeah but it's really cool it's kind of
cool projects it involves Amelia really
has to bake like a princess it's like
healthy yeah Kathy cupcakes yeah
nice um more deets on Anna's channel and
soon she just got a pretty on board
shooting today
oh maybe it's busy with your keyboard
you keyboard warrior Poirier don't pull
that up a little look I gotta get the
caption keyboard wire hold up this is
that right no come here hold it up hold
it up hold it up you look more like
keyboard ballerina princess yeah thank
you board huh
the funny thing is I don't have a PC so
I don't even know you've got that
problem oh uh look at all that stuff so
I think we're gonna rent to skip we're
gonna try and get rid of as much stuff
as possible so you know what else Amelia
is helping her me let's bring up the
keyboard very important it's a very
important problem process is it hid in
the car you want open you an open the
door I'm gonna put it in in the boot
it's a coupe so there's not like there's
not a space in there I'll tell ya it out
except they're not really called cakes
and muffins
that's yeah you want another taste hold
on me you like your muffins okay we're
gonna put them in the oven now okay
oh my god guys this is literally the
cutest video here we're gonna see in
your life happy cherish in your hair
she's so cute
mommy yeah then it's not going on my
chest I know mommy
you're so cute with your mommy you look
like fruit cakes are like that banana
lobe thing and some little really good
I'm pretty excited because at first you
just kind of dip your finger in each
wasn't sure and she's like why are you
you're healthy yeah like down it's all
brown sugar and like dates and homeo
it's sunflower seeds and okay I'm almost
done okay gonna pop these in the oven
alright let's go back to work Shh hi did
you like that video I think actually and
for agency I wish a convicted I laugh
and reading up the banana definite
inches lenient get a chewy she's asleep
video I don't know if I use that I can
never just laughing on oh my god you and
Taylor like is it so funny oh my god oh
we need to get a phone still for the
thumbnail oh my god last moment I see
you going you don't want to take a
picture oh no I think it's okay okay
okay thank you
that's lovely with me see you already
have one no watch this video right no
she is like well beyond naptime well
it's her nap time right now is stirring
yeah dogs are going wild it's all
falling apart and we're just trying to
where it's here make the video works
okay I don't understand what you think
is different with them - that it's the
same okay it's nap time foam oh I'm so
glad that's over
night-night me you're full of banana
that song back in the days
definitely many people here in Center
and only I park like wait I hear nothing
about the park I've hung a million miles
away there's a lot of 700 millions going
on here right now but listen to me
the management gene I accept
responsibility for also stolen damaging
since car park so raising and damaging
things miss Carver yes having hello
after just cold snap a snack keep
everything great and we're just watching
some Peppa
cuz she's sewing again and I was just
adding my video for tomorrow which is
the makeup tutorial and Eduardo is
asleep but I was thinking we might go to
my mom's for just like an hour
I'm gonna miss that is one thing I'm
gonna miss that like I can't just get in
my car and obviously visit my mom and
like when we're in the UK so hopefully
we make some friends because it is nice
to you know just get out of the house
and just just have people to talk to
other than like your husband and your
kids you know buddy album - she's pretty
relaxing afternoon okay I'm at the super
early stages right of this idea that I
had okay hopefully I can get a Turner in
pretty quickly
he's as Yasim you might know a group of
friendlies friends got together and we
got all the links right for like all the
blogs for the last four years about
almost four years okay and I was
thinking would it be cool to have like a
directory because on YouTube a playlist
can only be a maximum of 100 videos so
then it's like two and a half played
about three and a half play days per
year which is kind of messy so I'm gonna
try and like make up a little website
right and on the website you can have
your one two three four and fall comes
in when you click on the year one it
gives you like a list of all different
dates there you can click on the date
that way you want if you want to like
binge watch it from like the start from
any particular date you could go to this
website maybe like a little Wikipedia or
like a directory it's going to Joey's
and then I don't know I figure some
other stuff to do maybe like like Anna
section Johnson section the media
section Eduardo section and it can like
social media information or anything
about them you know if you want to know
more about each one of the characters or
something like that I don't think it'd
be kind of a cool little it'll be really
simple I'm just gonna do it like HTML
and CSS it's not going to be like flashy
or special and like that but I just
think it'd be really cool to you know
being able to find particular episode so
you want um I probably won't be reveal
our description by each episode will be
kind of cool but I don't think I can do
that I can give you that I think I'll
get this far and let's see what works
anything pretty cool Wow hey what's up
oh is it cuz you know it's closed so
you're not interested
and media what's this
ah ah Sh gosh oh pretty dress look ma
yeah look that's really cute yeah I
don't even know where you can find
Oshkosh here in I know what's this what
did you get from MoMA stickers gasps
stickers under scratch in this village
so cute their cupcake stickers and and
for your baking oh that's really good
present and me and look that's what the
toys Emilia switch from oh my stool
baking a spoon did you say thank you
spoon yeah say thank you OMA 752 billion
hours later I kind of got something on
the go here folks
all right this is extremely primitive
okay so it's on Saucony joy calm it's
actually live right now um but it's
extremely primitive all right so this is
your one sec but every single episode of
year one and you just basically click on
it and I just basically good morrow it's
tomorrow time mmm I haven't changed much
all right and then you go year two and
year three and then year for I think I
plan on putting like a little thing for
Eduardo here and Amelia and myself like
dink started a channels and like you
know whatever like other information
about us social media stuff but anyway
this is it basically I think it's really
cool you know it's I mean made of a beef
stir-fry stitch its own broccoli BP
sprouts and a sweet corn stuff is gonna
be nice then the intent intent and and
pom pom pom pom balls
I want a Wichita look at this forget
your troubles come on get blogging laa
laa laa laa come on slowpoke
sketch troubles have some babies put
them on the Internet's make some jokes
and poke fun at your wifey it's okay
it's called my life be keepers I lose my
little man
Oh
hi hi hi there hi there little mine
title all God here's your here's your
sister
he's your troublemaking sister she's a
troublemaker
he's the troublemaker I'm Brad Baker hmm
yeah look at yourself a cookie he's got
monkey feet anyone what you want are you
going huh
get that get that huh hey I know you
ain't get my hog Oh careful careful
don't step on your brother like his BCG
is coming out look the little thing in
Amelia's arm do people always ask Miss
event it takes a little while he waits
yourselfer to command and then takes
about three years for it to go away
you're gonna have a little mark there
but three years friend so for next few
years and people say hey what's that on
his arm
it's okay and that little thing on top
of his forehead is when he is coming out
I think it takes a month or team to go
away little big on June friend are you
enjoying it in there you join meaningful
swim any time you swing me down with
that he loves it
show me that that's it this is called a
moisturizer game ready you ready you
ready you got a turnover got a turnover
this way
ready oh it's not the way mom does it
don't eat it it's not this out there
approved mommy's method her dad
moisturizes the baby's heart that's just
question everything you
squishing every discussion every
discussion everyone they don't forget to
get the legs we can get the race let me
get to get the legs it's really
important to get the ring is it even
working to get the legs
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
