Donita
good morning today after but apparently
guys it's Anna's dad's birthday today so
her birthday keeps going so the day
before Anna's birthday is Cena's
birthday
yeah and it's mean so it's seen this
birthday which is mummys dog's birthday
tonight it's technically mommy's
birthday then is actually mommy's
birthday
then it's mummys daddy's birthday which
is mommy's birthday again mommy's
birthday is a three day event whoa it's
a mummy birthday girly toys the kids had
cocoa puffs for breakfast ooh surprise
no one picked the cornflakes or the Rice
Krispies they went straight in for the
Coco Pops I'm going to be living off the
leftovers of our barbecue for the
considerable future
to me
so you're dancin
so I'm gonna teach the kids how to play
snuke hair
yeah Eduardo is the chief adjudicator
can I be one one be a chief adjudicator
too but Europe you're my opponent yeah
whoever has the stick is an opponent
okay so let's go so we have the thing
set up over here the tent dance and
dance all right I'm gonna break Amelia
if I were you come over it this way to
me okay so what we're gonna do this is a
tricky shot okay what you want to do is
you want to hit the white one and then
you want to hit a red one don't worry
about him he's turned off here's but
he's turned off okay so you want to get
a good shot we're currently playing the
ultimate game of hide-and-seek this
house is amazing for it so both of you
you have to sit in the cage over there
sit on the cat it is okay media Eduardo
sit on the couch and count to ten and
daddy's gonna hide Randy is the game
afoot
games are fun
jeez
yeah you said Jessica place to hide we
are going to make some lunch and we have
some bread sandwiches and some leftover
what right all right we got some ham
delicious ham and some delicious cheese
all the kids on ham I'm still working on
the barbeque leftovers making it making
it good so we got David and Jay Jay
Sainsbury's I like you gotta make sure I
need some arsons any form artisans to to
go with us okay how much cheese that
would have eaten requested cheese and
ham sandwich slap it in there flippity
flop citizens how we're spending our
time we are watching trolls movie Oh
hello whole family taking it off get the
whole gang huh keep the whole game
this is how it's nice Saturday or Sunday
Saturday this is nice
unless it's actually watching the full
movie Oh Eternal Spirit it's actually
quite enjoying it got to choose as the
Chilean spark I plugged in
all right so Eduardo is wearing
Nauticals Amelia no articles and check
this out LS yeah
yes yeah oh my goodness stop your
cupcake myself and underneath although
mine are nautical II okay why don't we
easy at the shop
Amelia eat that cupcake faster quick
okay
machi much easier oh you in a to Chris
Crocker shout out okay
are you being in the picture too oh I
thought it was just them in the picture
you she can sit it'd be totes worth it
if you weren't in it no but like they're
all marching they're all machi oh my
goodness look at you guys look at you
guys we got some goals
alright come here to me you're so cute
all of you alright we got to be careful
okay you careful no hooking there's to
be no
row row row your boat gently down the
stream
and if you see a butterfly don't forget
to scream huh let's just get your
shoulders under what but less easy hey
just get your shoulders there you go now
shoulders in and everything's good
all you have to do is get your shoulders
in the water come on Amelia joining you
your turkey day one got into pool I
don't get the shoulders get the
shoulders under it's okay
gently down the river huh
come on in Amelia you can count on the
ice-cream bad about the signature or the
thing in her eyes she's going she's fine
well would you get me no idea how to
turn the lights on it's the only light
we can actually turn on the rest of it I
talked about we just have this daylight
situation going on and you're sunbathing
guys it's like a teensy little divas
somebody you are a diva
Donita
oh yeah detective jack
well guys is this the best working mommy
has ever had
is this your turkey it's best birthday
but it was mommy's birthday yesterday
paschall-brown colonies here does this
being a good birthday experience guys
look at the whole family in the water
next you look that way and smile okay
we're all gonna go in the water here we
go three two one
both ways world
