hello everybody my name is Eduardo
forgive me guilty and I want to tell you
very very important people out there
very very important information about my
little monkey because here's the thing
folks and listen carefully the same tape
not too close if not you guys I'm a
little monkey
thing I plan to singing this icing event
your cushion or your cook cookie cookie
cookie and cushion at the same word so I
was hoping that Emilio I'd wake up this
morning you think Saturday guys have
Nutella by him she actually wanted to go
back to bed she can't play doh surprise
excitedly crock not crying but like
whinging when i
i wouldn't put her back in because i was
trying to like get her dressed and get
her teeth brushed and everything she was
like me Baba balancing lemon yeah it's
going so good she has like are you
singing about an apple all right why
though
no that's not why just like Apple
perfect cuz then we were in the hotel in
London there's three apples yeah and she
was like ah true 136 a good bite
especially when taking a bite she
putting those teeth marks in and then
just threw it on the floor like
supporting one one nineties good job
that's one
elephant fence right oh we are I'm 100
she's getting her room ready accepted
opens behind me like that right
waiting for mommy
she was going hair friends did you go to
the big girls eyelid yeah what the hell
is that
it's my Illinois gonna waste my money on
you though because every time I do she
gives up after I put the money in so do
you love it we get to an aloof is
another Peppa Pig one up here we'll get
to Peppa Pig one do you think I was
talking about you today
that's the CDs Tesla we can eat pasta
once okay carton or caramel you get
Cadbury's ones and you guys have that
machine let's know if it's any good
because I will be willing to get a
second machine like why I love the
Nespresso coffees but for the non coffee
stuff I think it'd be kind of cool we've
made a huge mistake on
you come we'll never ever cook this
supermarket when you're hungry I'm
starving right now all I can smell is
like the sausages and their online dates
are just like normal dates you go
shopping and you're hungry and you're
gonna find everything once each once we
get all of these happens and you're
hungry you make you don't make rash
decisions so unfortunately I couldn't
find a date so you know anyone has a
date out there have you interested
what's the problem what's the picnic
don't put the stuff on the slip in come
on it's work you're gonna just get them
seeds excuse him
good job nice work huh glad we brought
you along I feel like I really want to
walk the dogs but it's raining outside
and that's kind of miserable
I stole a joke this is half by the way
he doesn't really like this one anyway
because he said it cooked into him so I
might just steal it on who they don't
have anything small caps of my own and I
kind of want to wear a hat or something
I just don't know you see it takes an
hour so even if it's nice now or
horrible now it might change so I'm just
trying to decide and why does a week
it's just sitting there in the center
which is was running a battery powered
so he's just sitting but I have lots of
stuff to do I just feel like my head is
always clear if I you know go for a walk
or exercise Oh
I know they will appreciate it if I do
just to make it a bit wet
what time you promised I'm quite a fast
wash hmm like I feel like that's what
you can see mm-hm
nobody playing Jimmy stuff like power
nice no point our friend
yeah it's the one sucky thing right
there at the moment in our today there's
a general election nothing like the
entire government is being refreshed and
I'm you know it's just like every like
every now and again there no politician
will call to the door you know and they
all want your vote today all one just
ask a million questions and you know I'm
like whoever doesn't call to my house
gets my vote that's that I know I'm
playing a friend is that oh you're
playing it to know who you gonna vote
for
you're gonna vote for vote for me hmm
like being independent anyone could be
in it and if you totally should've done
that
you got a ward to vote for me told the
system so err simcha inside and
what did I find
what's that oh-ho-ho Oh does that this
saucony or Zaccone Jolie
you see what's inside it's got wheels
whatever it is friends oh it has a
little Sun thing on it
Wow
what do you think of that another one
that's another politician recollect
we're collecting a stack oh my goodness
look at this personalized gifts for all
occasions
that is so amazing look it has it wired
oh and a monkey
and then we yes there's a melee on it
huh you get a pair
what's his who's that bear that's our
dog monkey show Mom no mom turn this off
here now oh yeah yeah he thinks this is
so funny cuz we're never in bed during
the day I just came up here - oh my god
who is that I don't know that man you do
you know him
I started making dinner dunedin white or
downstairs
amelia and mommy are in bed you know
water mania in our new house oh hi in
our new house there's a TV in mommy and
daddy's bedroom is it TV mount up on the
wall in front of our bed and we're
getting a TV for it actually I think
we're using the old TV and getting a new
one for downstairs or something like
that I can't remember so that's pretty
cool giggling Peppa Pig while in bed
what are you doing yeah I never take
naps during the day anymore today I'm so
exhausted because I think it's cuz I
went for another walk but I feel really
good after like I feel so good but I
went for my walk
I just I need to get a blog post off and
I'm just so shattered because Eduardo's
still keeping me up at night or but I
know it will get better it's just in the
beginning they wake a lot and then it
kind of gets easier and easier from
there are you giving me kiss thank you
boy time boy time
let's make some dinner folks let's make
some dinner folks let's hot glue enough
of that dal how nice today
we're dying or meat what all my god we
had these for lunch I had the add the
meat 1 and I had the tuna 1
I kind of naming them that is Spanish
things over there cause they're make
some meatballs and past I think because
requested doesn't I make pasta you know
a couple of different passes on the go
here you penne or this is what this is a
really good at pass the brand you're
looking for a good pastor prime people
do a pastor of the day I get ot D P over
TV oh look at this monstrosity lads
check it check yourself before you wreck
yourself
let's bring this over order up table
number one oh my goodness huh if you got
the parmesan ready check that out friend
it's very hot hot hole mom just made it
better it's snowing parmesan
that's no cheese did you ever notice
that the word Fiesta and siesta are very
very similar
- you went to is like can I have a
fiesta but you meant siesta well I
should say cuz we're just a minute ago
we complement something and I
misunderstood me
I was like oh my god it's so funny
because Fiesta means party and siesta is
like a sleep
they're so cozy new that
we're like having this really deep
political conversation I helped her out
did you understand now I think something
smart or mine is smart but like I say
something that makes a lesson and then
Jonathan we've said the vlogs like you
could never notice I never see this
thing being whipped out huh huh oh
listen to me now though we have made a
super human baby alright at 3 weeks old
he starts rolling over four weeks old
he's got teeth he's growing eating
slides but you can see them from his
gums oh my god
what kind I think he's one of those you
know knows that half-human half-vampire
things he's in a terrible one he's
teething or something
but he's way too young to give him like
bonjela or alcohol or anything so yeah
yeah yeah a tough without friends
Camellia is having a real tough time too
we offered her a doughnut
she chew it away next second Smarties
because Smarties have the answers they
smartness smarty you give me do the
smiles you monkey hey little monkey
hello everybody my name is Edwin Elsa
can you give it and I want to tell you
very very important people how they're
very very important information about my
little monkey because he'll say folks
and listen carefully
listen came not too close if not you
guys I'm a little monkey I am a little
monkey for chubby cheeks I have the
chubbiest cheeks
the job is Jakes
listen to me Jean yes what have I got
oh yeah tickles there'll be riots in the
street Amina as you don't say your
trademark
bye are you kissing me River are you
kissing your brother give me that kissy
kissy kiss am i I know
hi Amelia you going sweet these night
night Amelia go say bye to your friends
bye go good let's see you guys tomorrow
hope you enjoyed the weekend I did cuz I
got to look at these little munchkins
all day long and I conquered a mountain
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
