and seeing a little at okay oh don't be
sad
yeah there you go your moods change very
quickly I love you see trees
happy one-month birthday to you
one-month old man who's 20 once in 2
days who's 20 once in 2 days who's 20
once in 2 days
who is it who is it yeah what I heard Oh
women don't play oh that's abandoning
the family today
what for careful careful you like it yes
never cries but that is my replacement
while I'm gone hmm I'll see you later
friends in my gopro friend here go near
my wife you look really sporty and
pretty today
mmm do i mmm
where's your fella see you later
Squidward happy birthday
sorry to you abandoning you on your
birthday hi hi there are you guys come
with me look what I got in the post this
morning the Real Techniques makeup kit
two of them modern natural morphing this
oh my god we almost came up oh my god
would have been terrible anyway um so I
got night owl and I got modern natural I
don't even know what these look like um
I had actually never even seen them
before that's how like in touch I am
with makeup nowadays but yeah that was
really nice so I'm keen to try those
there because I actually use their
brushes the real techniques
um the duo-fiber ones I think and I
really like them so hopefully I'm gonna
look at these colors and hopefully they
will oh she got a brush with it it's
funny because this Porsche Cayenne is a
full four wheel drive off-road champion
but it never goes offroad well today
folks I'm taking her up road oh my
goodness look at this this is crazy so
we're trying to trick here is that we're
trying to get ourselves oh oh we're
trying to get ourselves up the mountain
normally it takes us about an hour or so
to get up this high so the trick here
today it's a drive up this high on
we have some of these bottles here say
you know haha we basically got some em
like longitude and latitude and we put
it into a mime sat-nav and see if we can
figure out a route and they brought us
up here I hope there's not a cyclist
around here oh this is gonna be bumpy
here folks
Oh bit of a bit of a bump too much of a
Porsche icon look at these are the
munchkins
they are so cute happy one-month I just
took his one once pictures because he
was so cute right here he's hungry
though you need four feet I know I hear
you I hear you
we're gonna have some num nums now
alright but look at you it says we're
okay alright alright it's feeding time
at the zoo
alright we made it found it GoPro set up
this is cool like we're in the middle of
nowhere
this is deadly proper proper hardcore
Rangers hey didn't you guys hear what's
it called what's new user
Giroud Giordani you guys know I'm an
idiot because I didn't know what your
d'italia was apparently it's the biggest
thing in the world of cycling and it's
in Ireland a secure fire starts tomorrow
night 10:00 tonight in battle 5s we're
heading of a warm up
so I leave me some comments and see or
are you like me and goodnight anything
about it
oops so slight problem we're at Alma's
house but I kind of left a little bit
earlier than I was supposed to like she
was gonna text me when she came home
because she was in town and then I just
kind of left just because um I kind of
thought amelia was getting a little bit
tired and I just I don't know I just
thought she might be home but that was
actually stupid I should have just
waited for her to text me so she's not
home yet but she is on her way home so
we have to wait
but Amenia is not a fan of waiting right
now almost klemming before every fun man
who biking time there's always a crazy
push like it's a crazy I stopped pushing
anyway look at this Mike Oregon this is
going to be epic this will tell the
story of how Africa's going to be good
it feels okay there is this open in the
middle of nowhere and the mountains of
iron and you can't see any light there
we go
I'm sorry Michael potion boys in a
little posh is most this is like the
test if you want to go play in the
mountain you have to pass the test okay
oh it's nice now see I like when it's
this kind of a temperature when it's
nice enough to be outside comfortably we
don't have one
yesterday was nice like oh wow look at
the Pussycats see what oh my gosh she
puts the chairs in front of the steps
Amelia
do you love almonds garden what do you
love oh yeah oh yeah Amy and I are
dressed the same when um yeah are you
wearing mothertrucker pence yeah my
mother Tucker Oh careful with that
careful she will look at this she's
wearing one of her summer tops but she's
got a big vest on underneath yeah good
girl good girl did you say hi to Cassie
I'll look at the box
hi foxy and hunks right add that a
birdie yeah yeah and look flowers
Freddie careful at the birdie because
it's in my break
oh that's lovely thank you okay we'll
just put that in there okay good girl
okay come on Emma's going to show you
how to do it okay you put them on there
look at me Nana one
remember when mi taught you how to hang
all those wooden eggs and then you did
it every single take popped right here
want this look grapes ah grapes oh these
are sticky
great yeah and a lemon lemon yeah and a
pair up here oh wow
you better go around the other side yes
it must let me show you how to do it
okay
I was happy guys hey in the world coffee
stomp
okay this extremely windy right now
you can see like across the hair far
away how far a question you can see
horses yeah crazy honey I think you can
see America that Island just over there
oh so incredible
all right stops here try and get a
picture first time eating outside hmm
this year anyway pasta your little hats
they're like little hats hmm yeah pasta
with broccoli and sausage oh my god it's
one of my favorites but I think I'm
gonna have the empanada instead is that
good that yummy when you come to Alma's
house you get cookies
where's Alma like she's at the window
how did she get in there oh yeah yeah
you've got your drinkies and Emma baked
key lime pie for Alma's birthday I don't
know if you remember you could probably
go back and watch but two year and thing
goes to me yeah two years ago I made Key
Lime cupcakes for my mom but I'm pretty
sure Emma's she likes Isaac
I think this but yeah they were nice
they had kind of like a meringue thing
at the top I think um
actually I should make them again well
back at the car I didn't have my end of
my no on his love I can't even see it
look Anna sighs that thing what is that
Galaxy Note yeah massive video you can
see it I'll spin - or two songs everyone
- that's crazy
this would cover the whole matter they
could draw a picture yeah I'd take my
t-shirt off because as I do is drenched
legumes actually drench is good I guess
and good stuff good juice to good juice
okay so no I was worrying there was
something we all know it'll be flashier
- oh I'd say so
storms moving in we don't know daddy be
telling people oh cool this morning for
th way this that's what name for it
for three hours that's good that would
see no glutes we're on our way home
Jonathan texted me and said he would be
home by half-past two which is perfect
because media's nap time is in three
it's actually three right now I always
have like a goal of being home for nap
time and then I feel like I start
getting ready like a half hour
beforehand and it always takes me so
long to get out the door but anyways
it's my and wide oh yeah amelia is
clutching I don't know if you could see
but she's clutching her drink it's kind
of cool actually I have that bottle
warmer thingy thermal bottle holder
thing from my stork sac changing bags
and it was for like keeping bottles warm
but now I just use it for her club and
it actually comes in ready honey
keeps it all like hey Vic his trick is
you want to get our nice and nice and
tight Nana I'm gonna make sure there's
no movement I love you and seeing a
little light okay oh don't be sad yeah
there you go your moods change very
quickly I love you see dreams nightmare
uh I just walked all the doggies and I
feel so good after I feel like every
time I exercise I'm like why don't I do
this all day makes me feel so much
better but yeah I really hope to keep
that on phone and go let me move
actually that was one of the the things
that really appealed to us about where
we're moving to is that there's a lot of
walks and like parks and stuff like that
so um I just think like walking is like
it gets you out and like extra sets you
exercised and like fresh air and
everything and get your heart rate off
and it's so enjoyable to do if you have
a dog
I feel like I bond with all of the dogs
when I do it like that - bye - bye -
because it's just like they all get
individual attention which is really
nice you have an image oh yeah that's
mom you go over here mommy's having an
apple miss having a raisin the computer
Thank You Apple oh my gosh yeah you say
Apple is better than Microsoft and then
we'll make a billion euros do you cause
it you yeah all right what's going on
here what's going on here
what's the plan what's the plan
you giving Tito cuddles careful of the
little fella ah I don't care full of
Ardell gentle Tito's looking after him
Adil I know yeah it's time for dinner
time they entertain at I'm too good an
attendant in there this is my dad just
saying that I watched my video
what enchiladas so we got enchilada
sauce and said I fall hit that sauce we
know what it was we turned it over and
realize what it was I'm gonna make
enchiladas another time because I don't
have 500 grams and is
and tomatoes free Kimberly Mikado's and
enchilados
oh it's enchilada did you rather know
what I bet about me I bet you buy went
to a Mexico and I said buongiorno
al she likes no-brainer pantalones
you're at Newbridge the battle only I'm
gonna see for 700 billion years there's
every muscle in my fiber is broken
there's some tasty those Oh was your
feet baby hmm
we have to go have a bad time friend
question he's gonna say good night dear
friend are you gonna say bye-bye
Wow bye you're so cute oh my goodness
too cute scale along oh yeah
and then what can you say fuel yo ho yo
yo yo yo yo yo music yo yo yo yo yo
he's a yogurt oh yes can you say great
hey can you say I love daddy
oh yeah I'll take it
mm-hmm love you hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
haha
