this grandpa can do menial huh
hi good morning good morning good
morning today huh you do have a nice
sleep it's late your pillow yeah yeah so
good morning guys it is a little bit
later than normal usually she gets up up
like eight mm-hmm so it's like a quarter
to nine but we had kind of a late night
last night just because we had dinner
out so I think media and Eduardo went
down of interesting it like 10:00 which
is pretty late for them so she slept in
a little bit and wired on the other hand
was up at 6:00 we'll have six for his
first feed he did not let the late-night
get in the way of him and he wasn't that
great last night either so I don't know
and they haven't been super wonderful in
the last couple of days or nights but
then he is going down at night she's got
all her neighbor friends now we have
done four days where we put them both
down at the same time and he will go for
two hours before meeting another feed so
I just come back up when I feed him and
then I put them back down again so at
least that's kind of you know we've got
that part down come on let's go get
ready
hopefully we're not too late you can
definitely tell it's going to last rain
but I want to only get the garden the
grass Clinton all before before the rain
comes because it's been raining for a
couple of days now and I haven't got a
chance to do the garden home but I'll
help right here with me and with my
trademark garden Schwartz yeah let's do
some deep ooping and do some brushing oh
no no no no
let me see let me see did you get your
clothes dirty
okay okay gonna get our closer you've
seen grandpa today my dad and my sister
are coming out my little sister not my
older sister said you'd like hello
sister Leah my dad's coming out to see
you and this yard oh yeah
Leah you see Leah kinda Tito
alright let's go let's get this done
friends videos happen
you happen
lower the doggies
don't get that caught up there now
fall over and get me in trouble
you did a friend we did it oh nice and
done and the Sun came at me Lee is not a
busy phone call yeah you sorting things
out
mmm again for the Houma I'm sorry
hey you carry on didn't mean to disturb
you there it's later so nice though
hopefully it stays like this I'm gonna
go to my mansion
tomorrow in Limerick Valley hora yam we
check that in the maps we figured out a
way we can actually start in the white
one which is about almost half of the
mountain so it'll save us actually you
know going all the way up the mountain
we can start halfway and then we can try
and beast away to the top got the GoPro
charging because on the white run is
something called the roller-coaster run
it's incredible it's so dangerous but
it's incredible I was like gotta get
that on tape stay here I'm just getting
in harder clothes and just getting his
outfit okay stay there a little bit
stressful because Jonathan was just
called to do a radio interview and he
can't do it from the house because the
reception is so bad so he had to go out
to do it thing is
Jonathan's dad and his sister are coming
over and yeah he's got enough so I'm
here with Eduardo
doing and wide open media and all the
doggies and the dogs are gonna go insane
as soon as someone comes so I might just
put them all right side we need to get
close for this little man I think maybe
this one or oh like this one oh no wait
okay done actually radio interview it
wasn't a live interview that's why I
didn't say anything on Twitter I think
it's a day Fanning show and to FM just
Google Etsy when it's on you talked
about like 10 or 15 minutes I don't know
if it was a login to you and you might
edit it up
I don't read sure I think it's good if
you don't um it felt good a lot of the
times when you do stuff with the press
like I I always I always don't take
calls and press and stuff because they
always manipulate what you're gonna say
and they try and like you can say a
million positive things and they'll take
one negative thing and blow it up when
it becomes a headline and everyone wants
to talk about and I'm like I want to
talk about negativity I want to talk
about you guys now amazing you are from
tuning into our show every day and how
beautiful my wife is and how cool my
kids are that's what I want to talk
about it so anyway
I got to go home I am like dad's coming
over with my sister but neither neither
of which I've seen Eduardo my dad hasn't
seen a media in quite a while actually
as far as I remember
so uh-oh that's just that is motor on
home internet that there are no mrs.
Boyd oh shoot yo Pedro Guerrero
reservoir don't look like I mean I gave
presents go meet grandpa she ran in
enjoyed
yeah she's a friend she ran over solely
as I clear look like oh my god it's oh
my god following me right and he is
actually legitimately the slowest driver
in the universe like five hours this
morning
but I'm trying my hardest alike so we
danced 11 ketchup
boy you're tagged like Chris my dad that
would be a fun race I think your dad
would win anyway yeah I think anyone
would win over my done you're a wise
woman
know it take him like an hour to find
the actual horn and then by the time you
find it the person's like long gone and
Amelia's fast asleep in her new pillow
how's the new pillow gone yeah yeah
coffee morning coffees that said mommy's
gonna turn it she's boy stood up boy
scrub Wow
meeting again see you want stay in place
tough new same place tough suppose I
said you saw her with the white ago
alright look a year or so ago you think
she's changed a lot Tifa guy cuz I see
her every single day so I kind of forget
her she's growing up all the time you
know and someone else is in a kennel
Damien if you're watching this Lea's a
husband Leah did get a pack of M&Ms okay
some are extremely large 220 grams
I met way it when you get home if you
didn't get any
she was just discussing and she's gonna
eat them on the way home I think what
are you talking about
quick update they're actually being
opened okay I never even it's a small
bag I'll just take one out of this time
then eventually actually go I'll get
back here Damien good idea
it's just that he with a bigger beard
essentially yeah
yeah man huh
you know you know that's daddy's dad
what are you saying it would be nice if
it's a lovely and sunny
forevers we're gonna bring a pillow in
you got tickets did you okay I'm waiting
for him to tweet me oh my
Jamie's boss's girl what is it again
should I yeah that's daddy and as a big
dark fact I can tell she's fine two
containers yeah I went to got broke in
97 yeah I went weird una Sydney or yes
good times that what that was by those
back for you popular you know well they
don't know if he's ever gonna play all
of those so he's gonna do any new stuff
oh really yeah like all the new stuff we
don't know that he's only gonna play
yellow straw if there's time this time
dark if you're watching hook me up okay
so happily consumed all the M&Ms you say
I'm taking all the cupcakes
Oh - the lower drawer is where all the
treats are you want to just tap it out
there we leave the room for a moment
actually yeah I know so make the head
you guys Sam I know yeah because they
put the mr. partridge do you ever think
the silvers four years of footage that
you and your hair we Danny all right
that wasn't Italian they did that was
not they be wavy we gave that sale yeah
I got a pure a cheeseburger queue on
this oh grandpa can do me me
huh no no that way
yes
there
okay you spend about four hours because
some people are no no so eating eating
and drinking all of our tea oh yeah yeah
you can hire come on yeah Leah over near
me she's not gonna ask who's gonna take
okay remember that yeah okay two babies
to bed while reading stories handsome
porn don't attempt that meow yeah
and the cat's leopard a fine toys cow
and ladybird and the cows it there's
something alright folks that's the end
of today's priests and Tencent ation I
must go and remove the duckies from the
back it's so drenched in watching the
table all right I'll see you guys
tomorrow
don't be late nothing what happened if
you are late
what just for gloves I'm going to go to
sleep for seven hundred million years
and you're welcome to join me
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
