what you talking about get out
what's happening when we got to smilers
I look at them hi hi do I know he looks
nice is really cooks one of the ones
that I bought him from Zara they're not
off smile miles you look so handsome
cute elitism so pretty
give MOG and I kiss you give me kiss mmm
Oh care don't poke the guys know Google
in the eye or that I both nose eyes yeah
don't even diddles tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle tickle tickle with him
here he is so careful don't mean on his
tummy okay only member saumui Oh what
are you do you stick your fingers in his
note he's a sort of a dentist he's some
sort of a dentist
he's eating your head he's eating your
head he's trying to eat her head
oh no don't stuff your bow in his mouth
you need your boat car head yeah yeah
get out of town you kill you do little
munchkins huh you guys know that amina
is some sort of a yoga super yoga expert
so mere flexibility so every flexibility
whoa
move is that way that's cause to kick
your brother in the head move Lassiter
kick your head move Oh Oh careful of
that foot the foots out of control
please drive to an empty space and do
not hesitate you I won't I never do
I'm not a hesitate er okay can I get a
one large ticket to go please oh okay
that's farms small arm problems always
the game I'm trying to park the car far
enough oh oh we made it
we're having a room yeah this little
scallywags
hey we should we should probably take
that off he thinks if you thinking she's
getting left behind
yeah but act Wildings she's a wildling
from over the wall oh my goodness I
couldn't get him at the other side so I
had to disconnect him
Oh can't bring them over this my get man
oh my goodness and that my friends so we
need more vacant parking in this world
once it is not raining coincidence not
raining paired up for my mom's birthday
wasn't that was nice
that was nice of them to do that wasn't
good friends I think this is not raining
for a change parties already know this
lacrosse that you wanted to buy 10
million dad about them there was a melt
in your bag said no crying ensued was
the same age security escort and that's
the real reason we're actually moving to
the UK yeah
we're being them deported yeah we're
having it there terrible huge child oh
maybe not maybe not and we'll just put
that back okay the smell in here so this
is the other stuff in really uses the
Aveda
sham pure that like it is where to go to
their funerary much as it smells amazing
I think I'm a GC
peacefully when your ears disrupt over I
get this sophisticated little princess
did she look so funny-looking walking
along with her back I was to the right
right so you just say to say to say turn
turn turn turn
forward forward
now when the door opens try not to run
out with all the excitement and
screaming okay can you contain yourself
good evening there's the warm-up the
warmup
come on friends but against an espresso
time you gotta fill up fill up on the
coffee machine Oh George
you know George oh yeah
this little yellow thing is well where's
our trail keep an eye on own so we mount
it up under this grass house water
Mountain it's a soft look did you would
you find shoe shoes yeah I don't think
you can wear flip-flops yeah friend oh
that's good for flip-flops
really that's so cute oh oh is that just
like for a bad way or something I mean
everything is bed
what's that petite back part Oh Oh looks
like he looks like you know about
sometimes Oh
take it all all right we're gonna ask
Eugene your bikes friend move down here
available for children so I don't
hopefully you're going to say I sleep
there what you want you want pasta you
impasto me you and pasta penne pasta say
parmesan and I was flirting with the
idea of getting some sort of soup hey
hey I know you can smell it that's it
for them that's what you do sometimes 15
but maybe I got something different let
me go away what you want you to see
to be here no my name is attorney Jerry
oh it's over look at our weight nothing
at living it do it run run some music
we have the best of dogs so she's
sitting there and I flicked over some
security cameras at the front and I saw
all the dogs just run past and I was
like oh yeah guys all the dogs hit the
front yeah okay then we open front door
and y'all just right in there like hey
what's up
and of course Alby didn't get out hmm I
think that one of the gates was that
open or something that's Alvey thank God
we have good doggies I didn't just all
run down the road or something he'll be
here yeah thank you we have the cows I
wouldn't even notice they're all
scratching on each other back in like
all of them not even one crack your
skinniness yeah yeah let's go ahead
let's go ahead and knock do that again
and media is doing a great job at
destroying that card when you get a cute
little bookmark and it's like think of
me every time you use this book like it
was really cute card for a grandma
psycho Wobblies guy guy we need to hurry
though cuz it's nap time at 3:00 and I
need to be back before then
say happy birthday
see happy birthday Ouma who she fell
when she was running off okay that was
very short-lived but we have to go
because otherwise meanie I won't have a
proper nap and she will be horrific for
later because later we're going out for
dinner for my mom's birthday and I just
I just know that if naps don't happen
it's bad news for everybody including
the hotel that we're going to which is
actually the same hotel that we're going
up for the spa day so that was cool I
think my mom is getting the hot stone
massage I can't remember now which one
but I think that's the one she's going
for oh look at this craziness right here
I just started heating worid oh hello
and I sprayed everywhere and all you can
see that that is how explosive my boobs
give me rose once more now so I need to
go again also and I knew this would
happen
he just woke up and wanted to feed and
immediately I just woke up at the exact
same time and I knew that this would
happen like I knew I would sit down
to feed him and I mean I would wake up
and now Jonathan's not here right now so
I'm like I can hear her upstairs only
like I'm stuck on the couch I just
waited just hopped a good almost I would
say almost a full you are so noisy two
hours which is good because that means
we can eat our dinner hopefully tonight
without a crazy tantrum baby or tantrum
toddler rock I hope now we've got the
little fella fast asleep
come on any pop I didn't see your mom's
car anywhere so I don't think they're
here
Oh put it up should i and wired oh hello
nice you to join us for the meal you
better have your meal look at you what
did you order what did he order this kid
just not in a glass fresh organic milk
brass bed are you guys that are you who
yeah Emma and Erica always forgot your
food put on your baby
good girl look it says keep the cupcakes
coming
oh this is really hard one hunted so
media just had almost had a meltdown
because I'm honored I went to the toilet
I'm Darren eight okay what is visiting
they nice
Jonathan 72 his first bit of steak oh my
god stop it again a little this is the
quarter was Terrence temple de melon
steak yeah
these guys they see your cross face try
not to pull up all the samus cross face
what you're talking about
you ready the whole myoma you think
about your friends they're being chicken
googans hoosh hoosh oh it's still nice
and bright outside summer summer
summertime didn't mean any me alright
folks hope you enjoyed today's video
presentation Burt a vlog almost birthday
vlog you can go and click the links
below and you can watch almost birthday
for the last three years and see what
we've got up to let's go home she is
curious
oh yeah it's kind of interesting with
their day out there oh yeah
eric is taking instagrams how clean and
shiny is Wow
what are we plans for your future plans
big plans - plans huge huge big plans
ok come on you guys got in there first a
friend here hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of Disick wait
what you want more
Ciccone choice why did you see so ha ha
ha alright let's have a look let's see v
let's get rollover let's do some
rollover tests alright friends hey let's
see this okay careful Amenia careful all
right do your thing do your thing buddy
see how it's done you going to help him
help him think you do it let's see the
feet going there now
oh don't Amelia
don't pull your shoes oh shoot at him do
it
do it there are two in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over and
Amelia twirl and it word all rolled over
not on cue no changing your thank you I
don't you've actually eating the van
don't dog and hit one said roll over
roll over
oh the battery slashing on the camera
because this is this is this is yeah
what I'm supposed to equal this is
secret secret potage we turn you Buddha
loves all right not any minute oh the
meeting come on over I mean he can run
over ah same I say bye say bye hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
Oh
