hello there pretty girl oh wow
always a mama she get twirl twirl Dan
you are out I mean whatever is your
choice you 12 do it do it I mean you
know you guys excited you excited to get
your haircuts huh
learning a new place the place to be
doing the docks you move yeah
Nevaeh Nevaeh so one of you guys sent
Amelia this hat look him yeah it's a
Minnie Mouse hat well I show you in the
mirror brainy girl and we got one for
Eduardo as well
it's so cute he hasn't worn it yeah look
at that
a Mickey so anyways we need to go but
thank you so much
I think whoever sent those actually made
them they look handmade this is the new
place guys okay bye I'll see you guys a
couple years going join me ah careful of
snail look at this nail look snail oh
okay let's move him so he doesn't get
crushed down
click No here's somebody careful she
almost crushed a snail what we saved it
have you met my little monkey man Oh
little monkey today we slide this leash
slide on right now little monkey monkey
monkey monkey man amen
he's not he's not playing ball he's just
not playing ball are you hmm
he's so cute oh my goodness your babies
like Joe do you think Eduardo yeah what
no say something
ah it's something to say they got time
say say it don't spray it
Oh mm-hmm that kid
I'm hungry pen we started to munch
we'll get some lunch and they go hmm so
sneaky little getaway not really though
honey yeah we're at the spot we're at
the spot that I always go to and it's my
mom's birthday tomorrow so I'm getting
her something else as well that she
needs but well I think she's but now I'm
gonna get her her fun part of her gift
which I mean it's not like a physical
gift
excuse me so I'm getting hurt because we
kind of went we we start up going to the
spa
and like our thing so I'm gonna get her
a hurt and my sister like a I think a
massage and a facial or something some
kind of package thing anyway that she
can do what I'm gone I can't be here
anymore but I thought it'd be nice so no
more going this way I mean yeah this way
come on let's go this way it's fast this
way get used to this you're gonna get
your nails done you're gonna get a
massage I'm gonna paint your toenails
the stairs
okay oh that's a lot of stairs this
could take a while
okay so actually I do the TMI tag that's
not gonna see my epic studio set up not
many people realize has sophisticated my
video set ups can be are you ready for
this PlayStation trade and microphone
holder thing I was going to use the ps4
but then I figured it's a bit dusty
because it's crap well ps4 I'm sure the
ps4 is amazing they just need to make
some bloody game for it anyway here's my
ps3 my thingy sitting over the cameras
going here we're gonna do this TM I
think we're done yeah you got a better
mommy gonna back we all got bikes okay
let's go home to Daddy now
okay hopefully it wired or hasn't woken
up here we get almost crazy you get
something you can give it to her
tomorrow okay bye time no time is it
time what you're going to throw over me
it's not a street corner friend she's
the thing when you say Shh
she whispers Wren
just as well we are not going out
anywhere today hmm
because somebody just sped up all over
mommy time to himself thank you you did
and then he was farted on camera that's
not very nice hmm yeah he spot up all
over my top and his own baby grow you're
so funny
also then I got up to get the burp cloth
and because of course I didn't have a
burp cloth beside me because that would
just be the smart thing to do
I knocked over my mic look you know that
you guys are amazing just the way you
are
so it's Anna's mom's birthday tomorrow
and I was trying to figure out what
together she's probably already said
this which you into the spider you're on
get her thinking we came up with was a
satellite navigation
that sounds very correct and proper may
sir do you have satellite navigation
does not sound so futuristic that
satellite navigation like having sat-nav
in your hands and I'm not a crazy person
like I thought it's a crazy person so
I'm gonna nip in here and see if I can
get her some satellite navigation I'm
definitely gonna get some myself on Anna
but the one I think I was doing is
rethinking my replace this entire head
unit here take this whole thing
everything and just put an iPad there no
there's an you can get sort of cool
touchscreen sat-nav nowadays for cars so
I was singing again this whole thing in
place but that's like a big job
for Anna's mom would you see we need a
plug-and-play something that's really
really simple for and most of me just
kind of like this stick them here and
they just sit there and say welcome
welcome know so and they just stole all
the water I know but I should have just
made myself one so I'm that when I pick
up on Margaret in here it was that is
this one here
got him on em you better use it yeah you
better make sure she won't I bet you
used to be terrified of it never turn on
yeah she could now be cool here's the
full UK you can't art that maps has to
say yeah full you can turn it maps but
don't you guys have one of these I asked
for a really super super simple and you
know did you wanna get her I can't hear
anything you don't get her sitting there
just on your computers like poor babies
crying so for the longest time I mean
yes being asking if she could if I would
paint her nails her toenails but then
she gets all like yeah it's like she
loves having them done but then she just
squirms her little feet so this foot is
okay but this foot is kind of a mess but
it'll wash off in this in her shower
anyway doesn't really matter
look all that's new blue okay
that's clear do you like your toes
pretty oh pretty girl
oh are they like mommy's look they're
like mommy's mm-hmm mommy's pretty yeah
as you guys know it's Tuesday which
means Tac Toe cheese day we've gone with
the beans again
I'm the peppers the peppers and beans
and I'm is probably watching one of the
greatest youtubers the history and world
has ever known this fella here he's
amazing are you enjoying that video yeah
is it a good presentation do you
enjoying us out here is it a good
breastfeeding video so they make the
milk come better fish totally check out
that video why does it what have we got
here huh OPP oh no he's gonna end and
she spotted the P piece she she went
over to me and told me towards the P
piece is there more go check go check
around the house huh
step one is to mop it up step two
disinfection disinfect cookie what's
that chichi right love it in Robin in
love dig up
I know she's gonna eat the ice again and
be like an M party and I'm feeding the
rest of the doggies and crates tfoo
problems mo dogs more poo problems you
know supposed to say more money more
problems more icing more poo problems
clean up clean everybody everything no
we don't consider it it should make
tacos how many get in the box
like eight or ten we always even do that
oh yeah lotta smiles yeah I knew it
original beef taco markets usually
medium original beef or something that
it's normally they're spicy and we
noticed today they weren't spicy they're
nice to have the kick her own you really
yeah you've really let yourself in but
it's weird cuz I just went to like um
your favorites or whatever I mean this
came up it was my heart so obviously we
had no cuz obviously we had ordered this
before so you can love them as my
favorite um or maybe you don't read
sometimes they just that's the risk
sometimes ordering online sometimes you
don't get what you ask for you get very
close to where you ask for are you
eating that bad stuff it in stop it in
there now you can say goodbye to your
friends special cupcake med full of
cupcake bye hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
ah
