we can't I know that gets excited for
nap time night-night
Amelia tonight Amelia you choosing this
week this way is it your feet hair here
put your feet here are you so excited or
not time
there are little genius son all right
yesterday three weeks old he rolls over
last night he went to bed we watched an
entire movie and a show and he when he
stayed asleep in bed upstairs both the
kids were away upstairs in bed who was
crazy I felt like a teenager again
kid 3 was amazing and when he started
stirring when I went up - were you a
nose oh no oh no I know I don't have
those we have the monitor heart monitors
and everything set up and you can hear
there you know everything's okay but
he's a stomach sleeper yeah yeah I know
I know always gonna be a she when she
got older she rolled over but when you
put him on his back all the time he just
cries and we try to murder his stomach
last night and he steps brush our teeth
brush our teeth all day long we'll have
smelly feet cuz we breath dirty cuz it
was dirty
I don't know what it makes her smelly
feet Jesus many feet do you have smelly
feet oh oh what's that one there friend
can you go to scrubbing give it a good
scrubbing crying yeah yeah I can scrub
in there oh that's the stuff down oh
that's the stuff down oh that's the
stuff at all it's a lovely time now it's
a lovely time do we need to get it we're
talking we need to find another lamb
steps like a little stool or something
that we saw them in a home store but add
they're all plastic ones already wanted
a nice little wooden one my grandparents
had a cool little wish you knew my
grandparents my dad's parents they were
so nice they were so nice Grandma and
Grandpa hmm so I don't know why I'm
doing this but I decided to put some of
Eduardo's toys in his bed because look
at this room guys
like it's organized in the sense this is
actually not supposed to be here this is
supposed to be
I'm not lit but it is organized in the
sense but
it's chaotic that's Amelia's bed ah
that's close that need to be donated hi
this is Eduardo's box of clothes which
is splayed out here um I'm pretty sure
these clothes it's three months but I'm
pretty sure these ones fit him now which
is kind of scary because I need to make
sure that you know I'm getting use out
of them because a while back I thought I
had no clothes for him like for his size
and then I realized that I actually did
I just didn't know where they were
well I knew where they were but I didn't
know they were there oh so anyways I
think I'm gonna put some of his toys in
this bed just to kind of make it a bit
more I don't know hmm more like it is
hey come on let's not rip everything out
now okay mm-hmm we put these in his bed
come on bring this teddy to his bed good
girl
what about this twinkle twinkle see I
mean he actually has one of these in her
room
so come on bring the bear come on good
girl let's see it white hose bed over
here oh how nice oh so they were gonna
put these in and take the labels off
though oh yeah this one here teddy
listen weirdos best you jealous you
cannot get up there
come on let's get dressed ah I'm not
sure about that
don't you stand up yeah yeah that's why
dad was here to save you
so I changed my mind let's not move I
forgot how much work moving was so much
work Hey look it order to sit in there
do nothing to help be nothing to help at
all hmm give her help that's what I have
a son for
mm um you're going to have that they
have that for you Oh Anna's having a
level 5500 it's a level at 12 or
something's wanted out strongest most
card chorused of Nespresso
I made her a nice toasty here oops
exploded it Media gotta hurt
toasty - you have a Natuna toasting time
- new toasty time yeah ham she said she
thinks the time gauge is no different in
here yeah thank you but whatever you do
don't put the screw in the tuna it's
time to have a nappy nap nothing you
telling me to shut up
you can't I know that gets excited for
nap time night-night havea like that
Amelia you're so funny let's get the bag
indigo you choosing this week this way
is it your feet hair here put your feet
here are you so excited or not time are
you guys excited for that time alright
many media hey you're so cute
nice see you later laters so I don't
know why it is but today the tiredness
and exhaustion just hit me like full
force like I feel like I've just hit a
wall I'm so exhausted and like I think
it's just because I've been running on
like so little sleep and like you know
Eduardo still wakes about twice a night
to feed and stuff like that if not
sometimes like it could be more I just
don't think I notice it sometimes like
like power through and then also
obviously we were just in the UK and
that was just like you know running on
empty the whole time but we just kept
going because like we had to and I was
wondering when this would happen because
I kind of thought like hey I'm getting
like maybe five four five hours sleep a
night and how am I still like
functioning and I was wondering when
this was gonna happen and I think today
it just happened I have no energy to do
anything and I haven't felt like this
since I was pregnant
hey you don't have it tough like like
the dads dads have a much harder you
know yeah I think yesterday with so much
yes please she's not like loading so at
nighttime I didn't remember when you
were saying this morning
remember when he woke up it is midnight
I was just like oh yeah I don't remember
it I'm the only one who changes him at
night and the owner on who feeds in like
like obviously I'm the only one who
feeds him full stop and I know that's
not Jonathan's fault but sometimes I
can't help but like resent him a bit I'm
like but he drove all the time in London
which was extremely tiring and like he
does a whole lot too he had its the
vlogs every single day I only edit five
days a week so you know we kind of
tag-team but uh sometimes I can't help
but like I look over at him when he's
asleep in the middle of the night and
I'm like feeding or something that's
like hey oh my goodness turns out
YouTube's broken so like I had like a
certain amount of subscribers and now I
have like millions more and if one of my
comments keep saying something to bed so
well I sent him here huh haha that is
mental and thank you so much oh my god
right shout out and it's epic
I'm good someone just tweeted me that's
the number one most gained looking at
ciccone Jolie's pewdiepie we're doing
number one most gain subscribers and
what the top one and the most subscribed
game lasts forever period right second
Jory's PD PI oh my goodness we're number
one how amazing is that
Suzu ella is a friendliest of the friend
major situation here folks that is
mental you know you know when something
happens Twitter compare Bobo Bobo when I
was like what has just happened what has
gone wrong in the world I was like oh my
god that is so cool
so I was in the middle of baking my
cupcakes and I finished them that's what
they look like so I made 24 small losing
because these are just like the basic
vanilla it's my favorite like a vanilla
cupcake and then it's just a basic
vanilla buttercream frosting and then
you just do the middle I'm trying to do
the made a basket ones which I made last
year but I could never find that
licorice or the licorice twists that you
need for them so I didn't have them this
year either but I sent Jonathan to the
shop not for that but because I ran out
of icing sugar so I need that for the
frosting what are you doing
you playing with teal you got a
Christmas ball and so I ran out of icing
sugar and I also ran out of vanilla
essence because this wasn't really
planted and you plan to do this but we
were invited for dinner tonight to my
mom's house and I just thought I would
bring something and it's may no doesn't
look like for me it looks like freaking
December so um hopefully you will come
back with something that will work for
these cupcakes
oh are you doing I have to get your
slippers I've to get your slippers okay
you're making all the doggies hyper I
see Kiko stay there a second okay mmm
strong baby this is hmm Eduardo name I
am mmm Melia sister she is mm-hmm
wife not nerd and eat like that
dad hmm
Nick Lachey is that mMmmm
Tito hmm Oh Tito yeah there is oh hi
there
oh hi there oh hi there imagine you're
sitting there like you're grown up huh
let's get your seat on a mom's car okay
friend
let's get our TV seat you want to scooch
over and we put the seat in scooch over
oh mama what's the name oh mama
like you know dance rizzardo don't wake
them up if you wake them up you're gonna
have to keep them hmm and then yours or
yo
I thought it'd be cool is that huh yeah
I know what you mean he's about Jodi run
huh let's go seven pounds seven ounces
gets me to the wrong bleep school there
whoa stop whoa
you get cupcakes with you the marathon
hello Ruby
ooh YUM Oh growing up its from the
Spanish market poison okay and I got a
son a son of a gun he's the number good
yeah we're discussing if it water he's
gonna play rugby you're gonna pay for
Munster we gonna play for I don't know
what our English province is Omaha he's
not just you Francis
okay rugby for Juventus gonna do other
things is gonna be a ballerina about
arenot how they got a Amedeo beater over
there where are you where are you what
mischief is befallen you one which likes
to do after dinner have a good roaming
around I'm not s Amelia
don't touch
hello by de bourree oh uh I'm off I'm
off I'm off he's off Oh
is he gone Oreo we see you he's not
gonna like um our dough or no hi hi hi
just waiting as normal as usual hmm he's
upstairs yeah we're Oh
holy Sh weird a horrible friend that is
where we've come as a homeless out of
parties oh you look after him there
momentarily tell our toes tell the media
tell Haylee so we do that you looking
after him you poking him don't be a
poker face
hmm
hey you want this you want this one okay
 your friends hey hey guys say hi oh
hi Amelia hi Amelia here
come on say bye bye say bye bye don't do
all right okay right up
Oh what the hell is that hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
