okay this is the house folks where do
you think Amelia hot tub pool oh my
goodness a house with a pool
are we serious look in here what's in
here look I guess
toilet or something and shower
this is the best part of staying in
hotel huh
Mama's coming back in a minute well get
some food
I got a sausage and I didn't want to
overdo it
live a long day that's our gonna eat my
sister babies yeah me watching porno
keep your board on happy good you have
to be shreddies some grapes and a yogurt
and run for the class on local impart mm
I need an ample breast you son morning
keep the layout like in a lab the fruit
of the breakers good eye wanders in the
Sun more like a Sanders in the rain we
just Symphony going on here trial day is
crying trophy is getting annoyed now oh
no first half nice you thinking it was
lovely but it's not for one homey is
reading the brochure bad news what do
you think that was really like you know
when I was saying I really like those
Victorian houses you know and London is
like over the note said Victoria I know
I really like that style of architecture
know when I think of like living in a
house in England that's where I think of
you know debate windows the high
ceilings big open areas but not doors
that I'm waiting for you man I'm taller
man um
why I just feel like I don't know there
wasn't enough bathrooms and parking is
bit off because it's like on a main road
and stuff so I'm I'm good at x1 look to
the media's got morning hula-hula
come on alright this one this is nice
huh whoa whoa this one huh this is nice
yeah it's possibly Amelia's room so cool
basket the agent the state agent gave us
a and iPad for it's not enough or
actually following them anyway so we
don't need it so I sneakily went on the
iPad and I put in pepper today okay your
usual absolute - yeah so I had to like
go around it a bit and then
oh sorry Mia so Amelia's watching Peppa
Pig on the iPad and if it wasn't for
Amelia she naughty class in front we'd
be sitting in there sipping on champagne
but there wasn't enough room for the
kids so we have to follow the height in
the kid mobile this is bad either
okay DOMA stroller checker it was one of
the ones that we have with they're like
not side by side you totally live here
yes like says these are our people
double stroller people yeah okay this is
the house folks what do you think Emilia
hot tub cool
oh my goodness a house with a pool are
we serious looking here what's in here
look I guess toilet or something and
shower
yeah I think you think it this one
playset huh this is all playset and a
pond huh tt I think over 30 dolphin we
need to be clean there's poop all over
no no you can't go on ready for some
lunch friend check this out hey P
doesn't alarm in case the kid that
disconnects themselves maybe get some
lunch you're in Enfield and you guys
live it in fields no Burlington huh we
have a lunch we had some wraps so we
figured like the process we didn't like
in the second house I'm Hana light in
her house we can get a feel for it but
then the four house I really like and
then the fifth house we didn't really
like it me didn't really like it but now
we're going back to the third house to
have another look cuz if there's more
houses 15 to success we can be thinking
video what if the house has had bunny
rabbits in the play garden that's when
we're going back to I think I'm not sure
when you're uploading with the house
would you like that in media yeah yeah I
know she does
yeah he said something all right all
right no man do we go can we go onward
huh this is our friend this is Kenneth
from rightfully our know where is he
from London relocation he's that he's
the man looking after us all right off
we go up we go now where's the next
place not far from here okay thank you
I'm sorry we must travel again oh yeah
this one this is kind of cool it's like
a town has type of thing not me she's
lots of stairs but always feel fine
Wow what's up what's up
I know this problem is like so we are
going back to determine s II think to
start as much the one that we were like
oh
where it's like dread overhead then like
the more houses you see the more you
kind of went down what you see actually
like you know yeah it's not time
like I keep getting not
like frustrated with her
because you know
not even thinking that she's actually
been healing extremely well but I'm just
like
you know to me this is her like acting
off we're not my Catholic like what
sometimes you know when she was her
acting look yeah she's so terrible no
we're like if she starts to throw a
straw or something I'm like oh my god
you know but then I forget that this is
like really not nice for her I have to
keep reminding myself and then
everywhere we go at
if you're so well-behaved and I'm like
really
but they are I just don't even
appreciate it it's terrible
oh that's I think that's not Peter one
you're feeling you're feeling like the
mirrors I feel bad mm-hmm
camellias and her own has the house come
to the house oh you okay you okay you
okay the job oh my goodness look at this
it comes with this little house in the
back of the garden has a trampoline as
well and a bunny rabbit cage big mistake
huh I think isn't something up there as
well did you like this do you like this
okay bye oh I wonder who lives in this
house can I come in oh hi there I really
like your house all right
come on no you want to stay in here now
the videos taking all these nail
polishes she found and putting them over
to the Pussycat and then the cat started
like playing with them she said oh oh
mama started freaking out kami di put
them back as they're not ours okay yeah
you put them back you put the bus clean
up good girl Oh Dwight Oh what the back
of me yeah she stole like all the other
Hodges she put them in front of the cat
and the cat started like pawing at them
she was like oh what was he saying about
it Oh
a scary part it's now real now we
decided that we do really like that hell
you come to any gain right so what do
you want to do that much not just keep
poking their faces forever and just
never commit to anything and now we've
put an offering for that house that we
like and now we are going to hear Mike
oh they were like okay okay this is like
we've got offers in on X's and like our
meetings yesterday we loved it like oh
my goodness this actually happen in us
yeah well I just I feel like I can't
really settle until we hear back yeah
we're such like like that was
we had to get pepper like we are a
bloody iPad recta right 2014 model
sitting at home I know never be used
during hair so stupid it needs to be
Amelia's anyway
oh that was so scary because the second
time where I like it yes okay are we
having night night night night night
night night night night Shh see quiet
Mama's working stay quiet
American mommy's busy working oh he's
busy over there working that's the
office area the editing suite this is
the fun area for kiddies come to stay
super quiet
this is daycare careful don't kick your
brother in the head night-night
I don't what do you do Mia don't kick
your mother in the head I'll kick over
in there I just like to make a quick
shoutout to all the single parents of
the world you guys are heroes unspoken
heroes how do you do it I couldn't even
imagine like it's so difficult with two
kids I'm like oh my goodness columns be
like they should give like a Medal of
Honor to single parents they impossible
huh you think what do you think mmm
finally this song came on but a minute
ago she was like not being entertained
she was screaming crying he was
screaming her and throwing up all over
me oh my goodness unless you get her
video up okay I got the vlog up the
smaller last night so we're okay on my
end oh my goodness friends we're gonna
go get some food with new food when it's
a criminal ostomy London which car you
chose and then last time in trouble we
found a car you chose so I want to try
and find a car you chose
I wanna cart across a car neutral good
time a car you can take they're staying
here this is a cover hair of a look at
this
don't pick up go go go back to mommy
back to mommy are you gonna be ready
I got soft I got chopped oh my goodness
I apologize to everybody in England or
London specifically if that tortoise
rain cut the moment there's some Irish
people in your country and we may have
brought the rain cards with us
sorry about that so we found a parking
space right let me just clears up here
so you can understand this can you see
that sign oh it's just zoom in it anyway
it says 20 minutes parking no return
within 30 minutes so I think that means
like where that parked there for 20
minutes but we're not allowed to come
back for 30 minutes are you just like
delirious oh we have driven around
looking for this restaurant Carlitos yes
sir layers you know those people
google it wasn't it desert in the desert
and they swear they see water yeah and
then it's Mirage yeah well then exactly
seven car legions were like driving like
we put it into the side and it was
saving is like 400 miles across the
country and I only stopped this huh I
don't think this is right now assumed
out the map and I was like where the
hell are we gonna lure something Oh
exhaust always anyway we think we found
it we were lined in this cart we can
come back yeah that's great yeah hey why
it would be like one of the Cimarron
yeah like
I mean really Allen's beat the sheeter
be by one's pizza yeah yeah she's fast
asleep which is actually good cause
she's got like half an hour yeah what
the hell is turning there's no return in
20 minutes there's someone there there
is someone there
maybe I realize the rental yeah I don't
like it you don't like it you look like
The Joker's rain-free Hey Oh any
thoughts Carlo just did it again it was
amazing yesterday's meal was amazing
today's meal ru was amazing oh yeah cat
Kitson huh before we're gonna go
shopping okay huh okay it's rainy we
better go
thanks so much and hey guys and thanks
for watching her episode okay good yo
don't forget a lighter video big money
Wow see you guys tomorrow
hey so quick update remember the bus
about parking there for 30 minutes oh
how nice I guess that wasn't it
I guess that wasn't this we didn't
understand a call by the Queen tomorrow
I'll sort it out welcome to United
Kingdom hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
whooping ass Wow
