all right we're gonna try I'm put all
the kids in a line
huh huh huh oh you like the little girl
hey you guys ready yeah huh hey yo crazy
so we're just running out the door
Amelia and I we are going to own palace
isn't that right that mummys back
Edoardo was just fed so he's sleeping
here is a dirty nappy where is my father
making handy um and then I have a ton of
work to to because we're traveling like
the entire rest of the week so I have to
do film like 50 billion videos today
yeah come on Amelia let's go big step
yes you're not there big step trying to
hold on to mummys bag hold Mommy's hold
on to my back what my bag is okay here
put my hand okay hey good girl oh that's
a big step okay let's ring the doorbell
so we came to the cinnamon cottage which
I haven't been to in like a million
years there's jokey jokes juicy jokes
that is kind of dangerous but um yeah I
haven't been there in so long last time
I was there I had a friend who lived
like really close to here actually no I
wasn't even there at that time but
anyways I had a friend that lived really
close to the cinnamon cottage and her
mom used to get this chocolate cake
whenever I would come over because I
liked it so much and it was like white
chocolate and like all different kinds
of chalk oh my god it was so good and
she used to get it every time I went to
her house oh my god I think got the cake
that I was telling you guys about oh
yeah I looked around the ruins look I
got a rose time Internet's hard I got
two of them cool cuz I figured that but
yeah I looked at all of them and I stops
down what's the one special look at that
thing oh my god that's so funny
what do you can't have it I was just
talking about it now doesn't friend
listen to me you're going to be picked
up and passed around like a box of
chocolates is that nobody's going to eat
you I hope no one's going to eat you huh
you're gonna meet grandma for the first
time that's my mom right away and my
sister
my sister's kids Austin and hey Leah
Cohen Austin and Amelia are like BFFs
sometime sometimes sometimes they hate
each other you know there's been like
four kids in the house in the house for
kids six dogs by battles I think my
uncle's coming I'm not even sure it'd be
someone thinking he may or may not be
coming
that's my mom yeah my mom's brother
he lives in court huh wanna meet the
little square monster hey square knees
squeeze wait a min we keep him huh no
Amelia society yeah well so many babies
in the house surprise is another one oh
you're on wearing the same kind of color
scheme now she was huge
I know I know one tiny and we go oh
grandma taking away are you
oh you Peter he's a theatre yeah like
way yeah you know to me aren't you
beautiful
he's just a newborn stuff you remembered
us when we saw you at the Christmas
party
yeah like this hey that you want more
know what's down here what's in the bag
what's in the bag give me another baby
hi so many babies you can hear baby not
walk it know what I want how long is she
know hey don't you can sign oh yeah you
kind of forget thanks you know oh my God
look what Eduardo and then Haley and
then Amelia and then you put them in the
line let me do you know yeah it's no
yeah yeah give her we give him realize
eyelashes right yeah fluttering I know
hon I know the baby look it's you me be
like the mom is like what's happened to
co-teach okay do you like that I can't
sit and I have to go I like your
handwriting yeah I'm learning I'm
learning that's cool
what is the lighter one for the summer
yeah I know it's really cute and look at
the button oh goes that way I was like a
varsity top yeah this is his one what's
what I was this one
oh there is a bigger one nothing bro I
don't know anything saw I slaved all
morning and I made I made some quiches
two hours you know Vicky listen to me
and sorry
you got final talk to no one is
competing anymore yeah yeah completely
and baby girls and babies
where's Albie come on let's get out of
here there's going to be a problem in
Ireland in years - khaliv all the kids
keep watching Peppa Pig and Ben and
Holly Berloni no Irish accents tune with
your English accents Yeah right about
what is there oh nice I might have that
cake I might go ahead and have that cake
in yeah less calories is it oh
definitely
thanks thanks a lot appreciate that mmm
here on the toilet right there you've
got this one
ah you smiling for auntie Ruth yeah all
right
Austin Austin went insane where these
bubbles are you ready
ah look Academy where that time okay a
minute ago it was much better reaction
and try again yeah Austin now remember I
told you to do for the camera you have
to perform comedians are performing your
hair we just taking it all in
we just taking it all in little friend
all right we're gonna try I'm put all
the kids in a line huh hyah
huh oh you like the little girl hey you
guys ready yeah huh hey yo crazy come on
come here awesome play sit beside your
favorite cousin
don't worry over where's Dylan Dylan
didn't make it we have our dough our
dough our toes here our dough is very
good
I give a hug
hugs hugs Oh mine down okay go back
again give her a hug
hey right to grandma bye see ya if a
bunch of joyriders going on here how
does it drive
here's the drive often make a noises oh
you can't can you not drive Austin are
you looking look at the tears awesome
Austin Austin look over at me yeah look
there was doing the car did you oh shut
the door okay the door remember why the
guys I know I said on Twitter and say
here I was talking about creating like a
database of all our videos so I said it
on Twitter this morning
and look at this carry on these two
little awesome team members where's
image engine
look at these two little Austin team
members look what they've done let's get
the matter what oh my god almost like it
is almost two years almost two years or
two videos look that's crazy but the
Google Docs look that's life what it's
the purple one yellow jacking as well
isn't it so crazy is so cool so I just
think it's gonna be so cool because then
you guys have noticed on year two which
i think is around here somewhere
all the videos I have this age getting
problems and I'm starting at Google but
our YouTube edit and they said to me
like you had the problem was because it
used to be part of a series and then we
removed it from the series thing because
you should stop doing that hope you guys
remember that the series but there was a
problem that they're all like did
see see got a problem that you can't
turn that off so they're like look just
glasses over all the links to the
episodes to have that problem I was like
oh my god it was like an entire year I
did that for um so now once this is
finished I'll be able to just throw them
over this spreadsheet and say think and
then all the videos that you can't watch
because their age gave it will be fixed
OOP teamwork we've got to pick up the
poop pick up the poop all day long we
got to pick up the poop so sign in the
poop dozen in the poop all day long
we've got to pick up the poop look at
the big bear she go mean some pistachios
pistachio nuts
the quite birth or tasty I like picking
them I was gonna buy that you know the
shell oh this one's mine it'll be a bad
idea
yeah cuz yeah the shell the clipping of
the opening of the nut like portion
control or something it slows it down
don't step on it no no no no no no
that's it oh wait a second is that a
slug or a poo that's a slug leave him
alone no I'm gonna get the boobs pick up
pick up tacos which sometimes I refer to
as nacho by mistake
watching the blog you want your own
video yeah do the best videos on YouTube
don't you know where are the top o
nachos with some organic meat we need a
healthy meat because we're going to
happen tomorrow the cabin travel I'm a
traveling man
holy Moses yeah that's my favorite drink
party love I'm changing up instead of
putting sweet corn in I'm gonna try
these kidney beans because I think it
might be kind of different can you be
rows and rows of peppers and I came up
with the idea so now now you know the
trade for anyway this is what we got oh
and then the sausage stuffer coming
later but no no am i telling you you
need this thing I said thank to the
ballroom
oh you turn a ball with your friends
your Twitter vulture dougie fans are you
to the ball for the dougie friends I
think just throwing the ball for
yourself mm-hmm
you're so cute friend whoa whoa whoa
whoa so Jonathan's just bringing the
dogs to their hotel for when we're in
London
Amelia's eating her dessert and watching
Peppa Pig
Eduardo's asleep and um I know she's
going to be absolutely wrecked tonight
but it's already 10:00 to 8:00 so I
don't know if Jonathan will make it back
in time for last time which is usually
at 8:00 um what we're getting up super
early tomorrow and I'm hoping that well
maybe your media will actually sleep on
the flight it's pretty short flight so
I'm not really sure I think we have to
be up at like half past five or slider
pox or something which to me actually
isn't even early anymore ahead of
pressing is that like I usually feed
Eduardo it a bit fight and like usually
wakes up at 5:00 to feed anyway oh the
legs was our mom's but anyways um it's
actually not that bye he's pretty good
so I was just clean
ending up the dinner stuff and it's
crazy
I vacuumed today and I love the weather
when it's like this because you know you
can let the dogs inside and everyone can
play whatever but the grass like I
remember this from last summer at the
amount of grass that they bring in is
just insane like I vacuumed today the
heads vacuum was also back in yesterday
and it's already got grass all over it
again just never-ending I need to make
packing lists now because we're probably
going to spend the whole evening packing
and with two kids like two to one or two
it's gonna be a lot a lot of nappies and
a lot of supplies that we need to factor
in so I made some coffee
cuz I know this is gonna be a long night
oh really
oh hi happy say my son I just can't seem
to buy my son anywhere he's a son of a
gun if you see him read some of them
all right back time for everyone yeah
Peppa don't fall down the stairs while
looking at Peppa
okay let's put the back in take all this
one's holding a small child because just
a little bit more challenging
okay when you look after a guardo you
know there is there years now sure there
he is
there is no you look after him Oh sorted
the box I have to step on you so I did
like two huge loads of laundry today so
um I could be ready for today I'd also
looked paint my nails tonight but it
kind of depends on Eduardo and wydo
stand watching well was he a priority
apart look it looks like he's still in
the womb he's going on his first flight
tomorrow guys I know and they never get
her first flight until she was like 10
months old it's crazy
anyways okay oh your guys's towels are
dry there are changes what merchants
duration Oh see you guys tomorrow
hey Pooh free life for an exciting
adventure - under - traveling to another
country there are Jews I wanted to look
at to tune in tomorrow night night
tonight
say bye-bye
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
