for years and over the fourth like over
the conversation you know it's like
we've evolved and everything's you know
sort of got more complicated in a way
more kids and people are kind of tween
in the conversation so it's like the
longer you started participating in the
conversation the more invested you are
in the show anymore the morning probably
get out of it
five years old today he's five years old
huh happy birthday oh you can have that
five years old well I won't be that long
well we'll communicate over telephones
will communicate over the power of the
second international that backs an
Internet it's wonderful it's that bloody
a bit as an adventure right I gotta go
I'm gonna go onto television so Mike I
was a great idea somebody had the bright
idea of putting jokey jokes on TV I
can't can you
it's kind of funny how when we had one
kid relation to me everything right but
ever since having a second kid we appear
to be airy for everything we don't like
we're super on time all the time they
seem like always really organized
maybe Amelia was just heard of like the
Big Shot they could change in your life
and then
I'm Eduardo came along I was like we
already adjusted to it we even got even
better at it see that's kind of funny
what your second agent were they nice so
I mean my mom's his I just thought that
I mean I could have watch that at home
too but since I'm here I didn't want to
miss it oh and it's live so we have on
Morning Edition she what does cheapy say
nah this is the new vlog camera this is
my webcam just do a quick way cam
interview that's it you get this really
cool Dulles
but anyone who doesn't know I look in
here to talk and I can stand there as
I'm just gonna turn it off two little
eyes I feel like this the whole time
this is where the president does the
speeches as well no yeah eventually so
and your preference left or right here
or missing Oh party right here little
person on radio or something this so do
you then squeeze in there and there's a
volume pop just in under here good like
the Secret Service here
but your doggy's conversation you know
it's like we've evolved and everything's
you know sort of got more complicated in
a way more kids and people are kind of
join in the conversation so it's like
the longer you started participating in
the conversation the more invested you
are in show and more the more you get
out of it and how many people are
watching this overall in device which is
pretty cool you know that's usually
about 150 200 thousand per video to
other kinds of different people giving
each video yeah it's kind of surreal you
know but you don't think about it so
much you're even put into videos so you
kind of when we think about you know the
one person on the couch
back at you you don't think that was
like maybe 200 thousand people watching
every day you wake up every day and go
to choose to protect like ten watches
the enjoy the show negativity anything
you do
and you could say the same in life
politicians people that work in media
you know it's the same thing like you
dare well noise and their kids and
probably love messages you know you do
take as well people are on board and
trying to attack us
you know where there's like if you were
not successful at all no one was
watching the show for the first two
three years when their warrant
so I'm just doing the laundry and my mom
or my sister sent me this video of the
movie is what she's doing
my mom takes me she's like I hope you
don't mind dirty clothes like the
probably shouldn't have put her in
pastels it's ok they can be washed but
umm so cute you have the cutest little
face in the entire world do you know -
every single day you get even more fun
more fun so I'm here I've had there a
conditions my hair I blow-dry hair and
then I put a hat on it anybody we're
gonna say well pretty soon every day
she's not such a fun age I love her like
this she gets all hyper and she's
hilarious
oh cool
grapes great grapes
night-night in media mental oh no I'm so
excited lads the flights are booked the
hotels are booked the houses are ready
to be viewed this is crazy you know you
know when you're like all those months
ago when we talked about doing this you
know and it was like talking about doing
something it's very very different to
actually doing something you know and
they were actually doing it I'm like off
the last few weeks getting things
organized but then like that was that
was it like you know I knew like you
know for every idea fine then like and
the agency that we are the agency that
we have in London that are finding all
our houses and stuff whereas basically
they're gonna just basically drive I
think they have about like 20 houses or
something lined up for us so I'm the
protect us from our hotel and they'll
drive us around like all the different
houses but how much fun is that you can
forget about like real life for a second
how much point of an episode is not
gonna be like you know like we can go
and see all I have the ability location
location you know any were like ties we
think this house this looks good and
this looks good and we'll go see all the
different houses
how much fun is that gonna be like and
then you guys can pick in the comments
which one do you think it is and we
won't tell you it will we pick and then
whenever we come back they go move in
there you be like oh I like I'm hoping
for only the helicopter pad on top to
let the battery be Jacuzzi a couple of
stories story for kids forever will
probably be in a one bag tiny little bed
set this is lovely dog he's everywhere
you know I just booked the final thing
there and I was like what
alright this is gonna be so crazy you
know it's so excited now you know I'm
like oh yeah it's gonna be so much fun
like a whole new it's almost like it's
not like a clean slate in the way
because there's I mean couldn't say the
better but there's a sense of like
something good in the horizon you know
yes
what's that what's that junior if you're
watching this from the future you were
fast asleep when I was on a telephone
making calls fast asleep and it's gonna
out for her walk dogs
here the untold fruit of them having
loads of Ivy friends we must to maintain
a nice garden so I have a quick update I
decided to rent a car rather than you
know initially I was looking like oh we
can just get on the train even do all
that kind of stuff I was like oh my god
like could you imagine like two kids and
then all the bags and everything and
then we have to go into other first meet
some people and then go ahead to the
hotel and then go start getting all the
housing and all that kind of stuff and I
said oh my god it's selected open I was
like you know what we'll just rent the
car instead so we're gonna pick up a car
from the airport thankful I saw would be
Thomas people saying why are you doing
that when you move the steam-clean thing
happened because the guy knocked on my
door and he was like oh you're like do
you want to get a steam cleaner done
I tell you know maybe big cars do a
garden just job and I was like um okay
that was it steam clean that guy I don't
need to be front I was like you know
what I should probably just go and do
the back to make it nice and nicer and
get rid of all these little poops and um
that was essentially it like it wasn't
money much thinking behind it the car
the guys didn't even know the guy
doesn't even know he just left
okay guys get to work deep eating good
morning again
I haven't are you as confused as I am no
sleeping past 5:00 p.m. friend no sleepy
sick me it's bad fight yeah huh
Dems are the rules let's get this bad
boy open have a look yeah I said that on
Twitter's like Amelia is going to be
holding open auditions for some new road
friends that's will do I will driver in
the area will drop the media off will
come up to like where groups of kids
open excuse to kick people check them
out and see if you see if they like them
they got ball
I seem to ask them do they like Peppa
Pig or Ben and Holly or Meany
we'll have a 20 we have an exam I get
you're gonna sleep you are so cute
friend I'm gonna make such a cute baby
baby can you get cuter I'm more awesome
for the same Jaime like my little friend
I can't wait till your brother is this
age this is Bonnie I know I keep saying
but this is definitely my favorite age
it's like she makes me laugh like she's
such a master and she gets like so hyper
you know she gets to be hyper and she
was red and she gets it up with all
sorts of mischief and Thank You Dobbs
knocking but it's not and where's your
pants won't be no pants on Slater knows
whoa hi papa
I'll okay she says hello did that hippie
oh he's trying to eat them Amelie Ella
the Papas look oh they're too high for
her oh my god
he's so dumb using media I figured it a
way to define her again you just look
for the balloon you little piggy or
something you realizes the balloon
behind you
where's the balloon it's a balloon it's
a balloon
what's the blue me what gaining jungle
not afraid we're not afraid 1 step 2
step 3 step 4
one step two steps three steps more what
is this to get a frog
is it a frightening Elliott masses japa
dog elevation
what oh okay Jesus Oh Arnold did
everything everything everywhere
everything everywhere our friends we
have an everything everywhere but it's
okay because it's last time
Wow look that flexible use with a speech
my foot huh what do you want to hold
this talk to your friends tell them
what's going on tell them the situation
you know show I know you know that's not
hard Oh jump up
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
