did it get you huh
say good morning say good morning come
good morning
we got a package well it's actually for
Eduardo did we get a package look you
could open it even though it's not
action you um let's see
mommy open it this is from pit but you
know you know hit by Ali's mummy
remember Ali no idea Ali's your
boyfriend
okay that's it oh so cute they're the
little babes the little dribble boobs
and I remember Emilio's boyfriend call
you you always has these on and they're
so cute
look look here disappointed she it it's
not a toy bird look it's for Eduardo
it's for Eduardo she's like that's not
fun but seriously look how cute
there's three look at the stars one it's
not his favorite stars
I knew this happy since I'm doing the
review no showing back the years I knew
to 25th of April was gonna come back
around again
Oh until he's a glow come think of it
Jovie
the future does not hold sleep I either
I'm so sad you guys with us back then oh
my goodness I'm gonna share that now but
like you know but at least um that's why
you know um you know I'm glad that I had
the foresight to plant the tree like the
very mean
and climbed the tree in Anna's mom says
because you know we're leaving the
country now and you know we're table got
losses right you feel like oh no you
know but you know that that Anna's mom
says it's like staying there it's not
going anywhere so we need over there and
recently we were over there you could
see that the tree had like blossomed
because you run more reapplying or we
asked a guy for one that would like
blossom at this time of the year so also
pretty our inner aunt April not that one
actually does that's kind of cool but a
slip although but at the same time you
can hear who we're just chasing their
little sadness happiness sadness
happiness is very constricting we are
trying to escape with this child
no Tito uh-huh Tito you go I give you a
key we fight
you're so cute okay so cute Hey huh is
he so cute she's gonna be so annoyed
she's kinda I think she's got an inkling
hey hey hey hey hey boys like to kiss
boy boom you understand
oh she's all over now yeah that's
brilliant
he's not okay with her I love it I just
think she's on to us
she knows the deals and got those things
to do and it's a lot quicker yeah yeah
yeah exactly
she knows now yesterday she's like you
caught me yesterday it's not gonna
happen again
Nita Nina you're very busy anyway got
your Hello Kitty slip after picture down
to look after okay
all right let's go I'm going to just
bring him out right yes
distract her okay five joke one
come on Amelia one oh you want something
she that was it's true why can't you get
the door she's nice she's going to
scream and run out after me okay we did
ha ha there's always that did bring the
stroller this is transformer I check
this out but like this I'm gonna talk
with my transformer lug whenever you
have time in your day I'll send you an
email you can get back to me later shot
right back a bit
I'm sorry ladies let's get your car what
motivated oh yeah
there you go good I failed you
underside of you unsubscribe something
like this is exactly the one that we got
I'm like it's not enough as well oh he's
way more not went far last time yes you
know it just works no Jeremy no planning
he knew and it worked for Amelia yeah
you know I was curious about things like
camera one you know but I think angle
care how the Canon I don't think oh
maybe that's it is what's this one
goddess that's the same thing as it is
that this one cost like seventeen
thousand oh oh yeah oh okay I decided to
opt for the the one that we had before
it's like the camera ones are like maybe
400 euros and I just don't know we even
music we never used it Amelia that's a
lot of money to pay for like a unit that
we may never actually use you know so
this worked for the media and look at
any 100 euros right now so I think we'll
go for that one
you could get four of these for the
price of the camera yeah I just don't
know look you got a little brother cool
like Daddy lovely like mommy
check this one F I love my sister
we're just saying remember we're just
saying remember this age but Emilio is
at this age like this is like you just
walking around so it's so easy but it's
not it's not in a toys you know but then
I was just saying I think media's at my
favorite so far I love I look good at
playing with everyday
yeah we have jokes which actually makes
me laugh like proper laugh yeah yeah I
can't wait he's at that age you know but
then I love him like this I just don't
really know I don't know what his
personality and I don't like to laugh
ya know I know it's horrible to say if I
don't we I don't know maybe other people
and the same as me I'm just trying all
the time you have that bond it's below
and in the last little while now every
night we have this like nighttime
routine where Anna feeds him that I
while I like brush my teeth are is bad
the nigel bitch back then i passed over
to him then i watch some youtube videos
but on is like using your future
triggered because last time my friend
called media
yeah I remember
breakdown hmm and ever since I like
every day surprise there love spots
anyway
oh yeah illy animals I think I'm gonna
get the line one more summery
he does look summery I just dropping
Erika back home the last time it's her
last day coach goes back to school so
yeah we're kind of sad and Mina's gonna
be sad I think in the yeah we'll miss
you she will because she got used to it
she'll be like Erika Erika in the
morning and um like no she's not coming
back so we did it for how long was it
like a month four weeks or something
yeah four weeks long time yeah yeah so
she is we're gonna miss her but anyways
just go back to school whoo and then
we're moving to London and then Erika
can come and move in with us
just kidding yes let's go I put it in
here
oh look who we got here me Mia Wow
what's that huh
you want to try it we do a trial run
when it's close to the door so there's
no escape we do try one run get up in
there and lie down
what do you think you like it oh you
like it huh you like a big girl with you
huh Oh night night night night let's put
the covers up
we would play some music at the ducky
huh this is how yeah I mean I get
curtains did you uh
okay night Mandy me Mia did not sure if
you realize this is real this is okay
right sure of you realize night night
that night I'll see you in a while
that night Amina so do you think that
that's real our life as the air has to
schedule chimera is he feeding right now
is he enjoying the feast you just fall
asleep and then I was like I burped him
tried to put him back on here she's like
it's sticking it is neck like sports
feeding him changed him I thought I
actually thought I did smell something
you give it and that was like a pina but
I changed him and I thought that might
wake him up hmm
he does seem to be sleeps longer and
awake for longer kidding me maybe he's
got Narvik narcolepsy yeah I mean it was
like this to you though she was a bit
like that he was a coma fever yeah hmm
hello I said I'm not to frighten him no
time for missing swings on
oh this is taking me so long to edit I
don't know what it is if it's that I'm
tired or hungry or what one not anymore
today but or maybe it's a find that
Jonathan keeps singing in the bathroom
no I just I don't know what it is
this video just taking forever and
Eduardo was kind of like you guys saw he
just was asleep during his feeding time
that kind of messed things up but I
think I caught him kind of back on
schedule so we'll see if he's hungry
again four five I just don't know when
I'm supposed to get out and exercise you
too much did you
oh good healthy people oh my mom you
enjoyed the catch here I go part right
we go for on my axis has a team y-axis
measure team hi-yah team on the go Oh
give it wet nappy whoa I'm editing you
look that's you
alright here's some time she's here
today I'm hungry
good healthy person yeah when was the
last time you got out a girl on your
bike before I got a job oh yeah what
yeah yeah you did
wait now that's over cuz Erica's fun
yeah oh yeah I'll do that
it when you kr you pay subscribers will
gonna take turns every day so with this
one's gonna come everyday it's time for
you guys to earn your to brand here okay
no more to sit there and watch it yeah I
don't
Eduardo she's asleep come on pick up
your doggie he's your dog
you're responsible for him come on
mister you need to get ants Cass
come on everyone else Oh Oh everyone
else is downstairs Dido
it can't be the only one left oh it's
mean ha it's mean on everyone else okay
come on no no no no no we gotta go we
gotta go and start a team this is what
we need to install it in here cuz the
plan is we're gonna see if we can add
put Eduardo to bed when I when we put
Amelia to bed and then Ana
it's going to come up and feed him up
here and then we're gonna teach him to
go to bed together and somehow both of
their sleep schedules are gonna merge
together and it's going to be amazing
it's gonna be amazing and we're gonna
sleep we're gonna have so much sleep
we're gonna have so much sleep friend
it's gonna be amazing
but what is it what is it
deepa say it say it loud to give you
something what is it what is this pizza
okay first you take Russia tape tape
tape brush your teeth brush your teeth
first you take a stick for these recipes
purchasing a stick enjoying your shower
you are being upon shower time that's a
longer hair down friend child one going
to bed Oh child - on the other hand huh
child - oh give me a quick changing
friends oh let's pop it on here huh
amongst your other stops modular sexy
sexy sexy okay let's give you a quick
change in then you'll have your little
feeding and then review books test a pen
like a big boy
huh you gonna be like a big boy huh
mm-hmm
so it didn't it didn't work out I didn't
talk about this we almost did but then
we didn't we came down and we laughter
huh have to know salute we'll try
tomorrow
we just dad checked on the media it's
usually lighted with light energy and I
checked in her and she's like she's all
curl up in a little pillow she thank you
oh geez won't go to sleep a little
situation you cannot watch me sleep - oh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
Oh
