Oh your baby's escaped their baby's
escaped get your baby get your baby
never be more tired my entire life
that's it the end oh my god but anyway
little friend is coming for his first
visit there are no jobs there's no jobs
involved I bet you've got time you got
time nobody like is an awareness and
stuff oh boy
turns out my son is my son we have a
super aware super active baby fantastic
he's like so
oh wait we're here for two weeks and the
doctor is like I wouldn't say this if I
didn't mean it like cuz we were calling
to thinking up but then we don't want to
say you know everyone thinks their kid
is amazing so we're like no you seem
really like awake eyes open watching
everything and remember the tummy time
thing we're doing he's like he started
calling himself and moving and stuff we
like the same God and that it's not a no
and then he said he's gonna be bored by
like next month he's gonna get bored
early on mmm I can was kind of joking
but I was like oh my god like Jonathan
is the most like not even ADHD but she's
like he will not sit still like we're
watching TV Jonathan's like like
fidgeting and I'm like can you just use
my brain people who are like me it's
like I have multiple levels of
conversations all the time even when
he's having a hard session with me it's
not like kicking the sofa or like just
fit doing stupid I'm like why can't you
have a conversation
and like remember when we had that
wooden thing right he used to like swing
on like what are you doing just stun
still so does this mean like he's gonna
be like oh yeah Mia's pretty calm she's
pretty calm right
yeah Manik you in that test
sit there and watch my diaper because
she's a kid no like when she has to sit
quietly and you know watch TV or play or
whatever she's actually capable of doing
that but like oh my god when he said
that I was just like no okay I know I
have to stimulate him because I don't
have to stimulate me I know what tricks
work anyway let's see what happens you
know I'm so excited because I think my
M&Ms are here oh my god I've been
waiting so long and I think Jonathan got
an email like a confirmation email and I
think the M&Ms are there and I think
also my stretch mark cream which is
really important okay so I can't wait
all right so we're just kind of doing
the maths right I think if any of us are
thinking of sending something I would
say don't because we are very close to
losing to the UK time and I would hate
to think of you guys send for me I
didn't get here on time I think that's
your shipment of evidence is it which is
it's so heavy
that's probably receipt
look like I know I'm not sure if we're
going to set one up when we get to do UK
or not for just oh just in case stuff I
can topple friends you pair of cool
dudes your mom
Indiana Dwight a lot such nice things
look at this little teddy bear it's so
cute so he got some dungarees and some
little polo shirts and this little hat
so cute well thank you so much for
everything
they are just these kids are so spoiled
they have so many clothes already and
I'm running out of space because he
doesn't even have his only like closet
yet or anything like that so we need to
get back when we move yeah whatever
oh she gets Moody friend get some
samples your mom and the media is at the
same time there you go crunch oh okay
you try before you buy
what do you think you can go much more
oh yeah oh yeah you like it uh-huh
between do you want mango strawberry
both in there oh really which what do
you want to say tell me which everyone
it's up to you my nose probably say it
don't spray it quite choice thing that
is not gonna wake up in today egg 1/2 or
1/2 fourth life so she's the one that I
can't really know because then he needs
food I can't I mean Johnny thing can't
do anything for him because he's useless
what I'm sorry I'm useless I won't meet
you here so I'm just gonna train film so
can you look after mercy wakes up you
funny well don't sound text me okay is
that walking there are no oh okay you
can go back this turn anything Fernanda
hook and then you he'll go oh oh your
baby's escaped your baby's escaped get
your baby get your baby
and then it's a lady's name
Oh
so Jonathan Enderman yeah how come an ad
site and I was kind of thinking that I
could get started on my whole like I
don't miss a exercise routine because
it's not even exercise routine but I was
gonna walk the dogs today and I'm so
like I'm so frazzled because last night
was such a bad night like we really
didn't get any sleep Eduardo was kind of
fuss I think he was just windy all night
like you just oh my god he just he was
super windy so that kind of and then we
went to bed really really late and we
had a doctor's appointment at 10:00 this
morning so I had to mean I get up early
anyways and plus I knew I was gonna be
help feeding him so it was just kind of
a disaster but um today was not a good
day to start any kind of exercise
because I'm just shattered but I'm so
disappointed with myself because I
really wanted to get out today but it's
hard with Eduardo and Amelia because you
know Jonathan actually offered he was
really nice he offered to take him out
in the stroller while he was at with a
media but that's kind of like his time
with the media and I don't really want
to you know impose on that or not impose
but you know what I mean like I don't
want to throw it all into the mix there
plus it's kind of cold outside and I
just I don't know how comfortable I am
with him it and stir I mean I know he's
like 2 weeks now so it's time to fight
but I just I don't know I still think
he's so tiny so yeah Jonathan offered to
do that so that I could get out and walk
the dogs and I totally could have taken
him up on that without offer but I am
just tired and I just don't want to but
I don't want this to become a habit turn
turn turn turn turn like a turn like the
turn gonna make a turn I'll do your
little sweetie turn
that's beauty turn you trying to make
the gravy fall out that's the plan
it's to go it's just being turns when
the baby falls out I can make the turn
yeah yes there we are tacos day we shall
have for heat us eat us and
tomorrow we'll have enchiladas I think
the next day would have burritos right
and then the next day we'll have nachos
again our enchilados and pretty girls
not the same thing
enchilada I don't know I don't know
anyway let's make some chicken chicken
Ian what's up Chaconne Ian yeah it's
gonna check these up and have the time
of my life while doing so it's gonna be
so much fun
then try something different here look
I'm cooking with and disappear sesame
oil it is so good like it smells amazing
it's kind of taking a little bit when
you're in but oh my goodness it smells
amazing so I hope you try something
different you know I see I've seen it
there we're then it's it like ideal for
dressings and stir fries so I'm normally
are neither use or use an olive oil or
not black stuff what's it called soy soy
sauce what this yp9 sesame it smells
amazing I chop these two bad boys up and
putting them into their party with a
party in there we're here to party
this is where we're at with the peppers
and I had a some sweet corn because I
know what you mean his favorite plus I
love sequin oh my god I didn't realize
how much I loved it until the media I
fell in love with it and then I started
eating a lot and then I realized oh my
god I frickin love State Park it's
amazing it's wheat and corn which is the
perfect description he'll whoever
invented the name for it all right
not yours already our John got confused
now Parcells I'm just wrapping this one
up I can't decide if that was like all
the stuff that's left over turned into
this like monster one paw it see if I
can do it 100 800 skills lads skills
using this devious are using this
devious what can you everyone's inside
was insane for baby boys time no balls
left
they'll be boss tomorrow could be boss
tomorrow we can go ahead and play again
huh okay now we had a very serious
football match again today who the media
we get the artists like kicking the ball
around but she runs after itself it is
really cute and then she can see just
like run sometimes she just like runs
down the hill like serious full-on pelty
Pelt you know sometimes things like whoa
are you sort of a running baby a running
man you know to me like you gotta be a
runner and she'll do laps like an issue
just running around with you but in long
laps like long distance he laps I don't
think I was running for fun
come on let's go let's go let's go let's
go to you this shower let's have a
shower a power and so sturdy you're a
threat you got Walker I don't know mmm
let's go boom all right let's get these
clothes over
we need to go to Sorrento again friend
plum come on come forth come forth light
what have you found here thing here
little string a little strain here huh
you must investigate Oh bunk did you
bump your head ahead mom how many do you
have
what are you gonna do with them which is
your favorite one can I have that one
thank you will you defend that one deal
do you think oh another magic trick all
right so put this one over here too
we'll keep it safe huh whoa okay that
must be a broken one can I have that one
Thanks see you guys tomorrow
more fun fun antics you guys say bye to
your friends what is on here sorry sorry
I'm very busy you can say good bye bye
really you want the bike one thing other
nice okay we got it we're gonna we're
gonna have to recount every stop check
okay there was a problem so can I see
we're gonna be here we'll have to pull
an all-nighter okay hope nobody has
plans for the rest of the night because
we're gonna have to put our heads down
get to the bottom of this nappy problem
huh
exactly you are just a cute little
munchkin so much you told me hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of
Ciccone jolie and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
