Oh oh mama oh mama I was just wondering
she's practicing her British mummy mummy
I was just wondering drag a spot of tea
and jam crumpet
good morning everybody so I just
witnessed the cutest thing ever I think
I've made a media into some kind of a
game freak like me because um she was
just standing here and she starts going
oh mama mama I should I was calling me
she's like oh oh and I was like what's
wrong and just pointing at something and
you're aches
yeah she's sort of pointing at something
on the floor but I couldn't see what it
was those over there and next thing
careful careful
your eggs lo and behold right over here
one of the dogs had spat up like you
know how sometimes cats and dogs eat
grass outside if they have like an upset
stomach it was just like a little bit of
bile on the foot on the floor but she
had seen it and she was just like oh she
had to tell you about it so I clean it
up and as soon as I cleaned up she was
like look you that's that end of the way
it was so cute he would have I you see
she came in the hand actually look like
that time I also put in some cereal here
beside me oh my god she's so funny
yeah Instagram I just post it oh my
goodness lads and use that Instagram I
am OOP um hate that you know when
sometimes I'm Chrome like you clean out
your system or stuff like that and
you're so you see I just press a n and
it gets me Instagram why I just press
iron and it's clean dad just goes in and
it's like I'm calm is there something
wrong in that come look at this one is a
couple in a second I'm hold on a second
meter I'm just gonna call my baby back
off oh he is two weeks old today so we
are gonna film our then smile oh hello
hello
that's so perfect cuz we're just about
to film our two week update
and that's one of the top things that
I'm going to be talking about is the
fact that he started smiling so he's
also this is all dirty needs to be
changed so we're going to have an outfit
change and then we're going to start
filming because Amelia and Erika have
gone out for a little walk with Albie
she was like bribed by Albie we bribed
her with Albie because she didn't really
well she wanted to go out but I think
she wanted like everybody to go out and
Jonathan and I are still working so we
couldn't do that
uh-huh bless you at you bless you so we
bribed here with a dog and it worked so
there's a guy coming to steam-clean
our driveway this one looks like
beforehand so give you guys a before and
after I just moved all the cars if it's
gonna steam cleaners huh get rid of all
these mossy things huh it's pretty it's
pretty bad but I said you're doing like
in about an hour so I this is the before
hands you guys were bored you haha I did
not think that I was going to be back
here again anytime soon but it turns out
I am and you know I'm saying that I was
like oh my god like I don't wanna have
to keep talking about this stuff because
I don't like drawing attention to
negative things that happen you know but
that line that just keeps getting pushed
by a certain person you know I'm here by
the way I might be a police station yeah
the one that's to me the Garda Station
cuz it is crazy to think right we have a
detect we have a file alright there's a
file being created because somebody
keeps harassing us get his stuff like
wearing a t-shirt see like this is crazy
stuff I want sure like
because our name address
but like this is just ridiculous it's so
more likely in the name and everything
like I don't know and then it was a card
and it's like I actually ended up
tweeting a commands to go on Twitter cuz
I just like I'm sorry yeah I'm saying
they're gonna call more like you're
kidding it's like I don't know I don't
want to talk about it because it's gonna
really upset me because it's about my
children you know and I just don't
understand I would never do something
like that you know I'm the same person
online as I am offline and you know
that's how I'm gonna raise my kids and
I'm gonna I'm gonna spend the time that
I were talking about this about how much
you guys mean to me and every single day
we read those comments and you guys are
so cool and you tweet us and then like
there's so many like like recently
there's so many I'm like fine accounts
like on Instagram and and we have that
tumblr oh my god the girl that does our
tumblr is incredible do you see someone
like the quotes and stuff that she does
how much you guys love Amelia and
Eduardo and Anna and our lives and oh my
god I'm we're at such an exciting
transition as well like you know a whole
new country oh yeah you know and I'm
just if you see people saying anything
in the comments that's like mean or
nasty don't reply to them don't reply to
them don't give them any attention I
think that's the only thing we can do
like don't fight back with people in the
comments just ignore them and that's us
friendliest friends communicate -
friendliest friends cuz we have a
friendly spent community you know and
that's that's what it's all about I just
I don't I don't understand I'm just
already hurt by people sending that kind
of stuff because it's not about me
anymore it's about my kids and that's
annoying anyway I don't wanna I don't I
don't wanna bring some Debbie downers
into the blogs so I love you guys
let's go drop this in look at this
little fella he likes bananas tell me
what exactly you didn't like it so much
look at him it's like a little slug you
slugger you've actually really funny
look at your hair slugger cutting the
stairs all smug making a stretch yeah
can you get up think it get open we just
wait here long enough he's so cute
no it's quite happy oh oh he's trying to
get his neck up you got it
roll over something why'd you just stood
up hey guys what's up hey guys and
thanks for watching an episode as a
corny joke you let the take over for me
hmm yeah that's it
and there's another new baby
conversations' and Lindsey and Phil who
had their son who has more hair than all
of our children combined it's insane
little tray tray deee Franco has more
hair than me I think actually huh we'll
see hey what's up tre we were like
friends young friends how are you huh
tre you better not be dating Amelia all
right we have words
he likes the older girls Oh got a job
you got a drop your friends I know I
know about you Justin truth
Oh extremely dramatic like what I don't
want to play Matt okay hold on hold on
hold on okay oh yeah you can sit beside
him you know like after him
Oh
oh mama oh mama I was just wondering
she's practicing her British mommy mommy
I was just wondering trying to spot of
tea and jam crumpet huh it's funny he's
getting moves on he's got his moves like
Jagger what right go you having a picnic
you guys having a picnic together having
a picnic hmm we share the great together
she looks like some sort of a giant baby
compared to him okay you just time to go
for it sleepy sleepy time a sleepy
sleepy time don't forget to drink your
wine because it extends the sleepy time
that's the lesson for today folks
Oh drinking wine extends the sleepy time
which makes mommy and daddy get down
four and then you have another brother
or sister oh goodness
Oh
this is to be desired
hey can I check your night a little side
part give me a hug give me help turn it
into a hug but turn and do hug hug you
could give me hug right now
19 million thank name
so he's nothing in his little banter so
I forgot to mention it on the vlogs I
actually I mentioned it this morning
when I was filming a video for my
channel but then I totally forgot better
for the rest of the day now it's the end
of the day um it's almost dinnertime and
I'm just like oh yeah that little plan
hmm I'm going to think about that some
more so I have this goal and I because
Jonathan and I kind of decided like that
you know this is probably the last the
last time I was pregnant was probably
the last time that I will ever get
pregnant like we don't really want or at
least we don't think we want any more
kids so I kind of have this goal to get
in shape just for myself it's just like
a personal goal and um I would kind of
like to I don't want to be like a
fitness model or a bikini model or
anything like that I just want to be
like toned and healthy I mean I already
think I am pretty healthy but you know I
try and stay active was like walking and
stuff but I don't really do any like
toning exercises or anything like that I
haven't in a while and the reason why I
didn't really bother last time around
was because I knew we wanted two kids
close together so I never really made it
a priority I just kind of ate healthy
and you know that was kind of it so this
time around because that we don't intend
on having any more kids at least for the
foreseeable future I would just like to
make it a personal goal to get in better
shape and I would love for it to happen
this summer like I would love to be in
shape for summer obviously I think
everybody's goal is to do that and you
guys are free to join in with me if
whether you just had a baby or not or
whether you just want to
not for the summer I think we should do
this together so yeah that's my goal
three times a week for 30 minutes and
we'll start from there little Frankie is
friend little friend Lea spending
spending you spend
friendly as friendly as friendly as
friends look at this look at this I can
have for dinner on its nightlife for
dinner on its nice is so nice and so
nice we have our dinner honest mmm
let's see looking up and clevage wind
clip edge hi why is my hat
it's me know beforehand huh don't jump
down
don't your banker jump jump your father
jumped your bar isn't it so nice mmm
fancy and shirt my hair's falling apart
my favorite I can say oh it's not your
night bump bump a bump
nacho night our lads we're making the
nachos are you excited are you excited
for nacho night pretty good just gonna
hear your hang-up they're gonna make it
and I know it's gonna work friend
nacho not
and from my mom well actually saw her
last time make the nachos I saw people
saying afterwards I should add salsa and
walk and all I kind of self we did it
just did not fit a bitch in their own
limits it happened at the end it was
amazing there was no time there's no
time for videos it was just like sniff
each sniffing each situation how many I
didn't know because I did not realize I
actually would gift it I cook the nachos
mash it up and realize I had that you
give let's kick this skip scrub everyone
Arlen just laughed it went outside of
Islander like just group but this is
always the part you know when you add
yeah like the spices and stuff I always
add lots of spices and water and then it
always this point right oh my god
everyone if I've ruined the dinner this
is what I think a last time because it
was a first timer now as a second timer
I know I'm just gonna leave that to
simmer and it's gonna soak it in and
it's going to go mushy
it's got yummy oh we watched Ben and
Holly do the walk stomp stomp stomp
oh yeah ray we're not afraid
are you stomping could you stop it Hey
steps for stop oh listen what what's
that a monkey say bye-bye to your
friends say bye say bye I wasn't gonna
hurt you bye see you guys tomorrow
oh stop it listen see you guys tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
