okay how much have a baby done for
bathroom
good morning welcome to the conundrum of
breakfast time Amelia these ones are
good for her right but she's a bit bored
of them now these are insanely sugar
like if you actually just smell them
it's like whoa they actually do listen
let me assure hit me if you listen in
this Sun what should eat that whole pack
she just got bored of these narrating
usually used to perish but it has to be
kind of cold for after work so our trick
we're discussing this this morning and
we're like one is just right your
mixture okay
Oh a couple of Cheerios in a ball with a
couple of these things maybe maybe she
won't realize it you should just go
ahead whoops and eat them probably a bit
too much figure out a new trick because
like every couple of months the kids
kind of change a little bit like they
evolve and there's three patterns
they're eating patterns and everything
and I mean that's going for those
changes again now we're it's like Oh
everyone check you have to reevaluate
everything so this is the revaluation
right now super milk super that's the
top oh oh I see what's going on here
well it's a free-for-all party yeah okay
that's great you're sharing your
Cheerios oh no they're all just eating
from her bowl of Cheerios and chips
great you can tell everybody what what's
that oh my goodness lads how do
marriages survive multiple children
that's my question for today oh man
sometimes you just fight over like the
stress of like looking after the two
kids and both of us work you know I mean
from homework
from home as much as like it's awesome
it has huge drawbacks if you have
children also because it's like trying
to find that boundary of I'm working
right now I'm being a parent right now
and then there's the two of us and both
of us are doing the same thing so it's
it is very difficult
alright once dad we're going to get some
lunch in a second just I'm talking to my
friends about our problems in life okay
that's what we're doing so yeah it's
like trying to find that balance so to
actually make it work
so difficult sometimes you just find
yourself killing each other but then a
few seconds later it's our fights are
always short-lived you know because that
you just it's how we just hating each
other just frustration at each other
positioning you I know I love you I bet
it's totally worthless but I am
oh my goodness this morning at a my
support haha a new friend Emily
come let's go let's get some food
there's listened to reflection he's a
sinner reflection hmm okay those keys
right give me down back give me the mic
Thank You cat ears oh look
turn that off throw that off what have
we done here
we've actually broken it look what I
caught this morning when I was filming
for a fashion Friday video this was
totally by chance I think I caught it
was first laugh he laughed out of media
what's this
and then she pokes on Romina but before
that and then the camera went all out of
focus so annoyed
what on yes
can't believe that it happens I caught
that on camera that was crazy and I was
so unexpected but it was her SH that she
laughed on you guys happening here
dragging come on let's go
nice to hold it when I said hold it I
kind of men in your hands though give me
that come on come on
look like the Easter Bunny runnin away
just came to my mom's house
because I am picking up Benjy
my grandma's dog from the dog sitters so
my granny is going back to her house in
Galway today and that's actually why my
aunt and my cousin well it's part of the
reason that my aunt and my cousin were
here they're bringing her home today and
then bring Benji home today too so I'm
hoping Benji had a good stay with our
dog sitter because she's really nice so
I'm curious to find out how he got on
Eduardo's in the back with me or in the
back with me in the car with me he came
along for the ride because I knew he'd
pretty much sleep all the way I forgot
to put the brake on anyways so I don't
really want to get out of the car
because he's fast asleep so I think I'm
gonna just text my mom
and say I'm here immediate Anne for a
nap jonathan is at home of course
minding her so I kind of feel like I'm
doing well I kind of feel like I got out
for a bit away from kids even though
there is a kid in the back of the car
this is so funny this is what they do
when Alec goes out or like and
everyone's kind of gone and just knowing
here they all come in to me I don't have
to move they all come in to me and they
always sit in here because I'm in here
no you don't want to be inside in there
only if you want to go go where the
actions at isn't that so funny another
funny thing you know in 54 days I will
have uploaded a video to YouTube for
every single day for four years what
four years putting in this feels like
it's not mental think that for years
I've committed to do something every
single day the only thing that I've done
for four years consistently is eaten
slept that is mental we have to do
something mental let's go party you're
all invited it's going to be an epic
party it's the 15th of June anyway is
is everything they bring another to just
the information is flowing today right
so I'm check this out look at this thing
here me
hey hey hey maybe Zee meet the top 1% of
you choose people prefer jobs for Africa
anyway how amazing is that huh little
Johnny Flynn from Ireland make the top
1% I mean the one person I'm a one
percenter and that 1% like that's not
based on like who has the most views or
anything like that you know because
obviously like peopIe are people out
there with their bajillion views per
second they obviously went in terms of
youth but this is like the way see
YouTube used to be like if you put up
like a misleading title and a misleading
thumbnail and somebody clicked on your
video that click used to mean something
right years ago nowadays doesn't mean
anything it's all about minutes watch
thought about retention right so
channels like saucony jewelry's and
other channels out there where you guys
come and watch our videos because you
want to watch the videos you know and
you watch them from the start all the
way to the end and that is considered a
valuable video on YouTube only in the 1%
if you guys didn't watch my videos every
day so we're kind of all we're all in
all into friendliest friend 1% thing
going on here so I take my hat off to
you thank you very much for sticking
with me for nearly four years you guys
are awesome I would if it wasn't for you
guys I would just be sitting here with
this piece of fluff as my nose and I'd
be like oh that went well um my granny's
dog
was brushed out by Claire and everything
was so cute but he did really well with
her so hopefully she can do this again
because my mom has like for you guys
whoops as you guys know my mom has a
load of cats so you know it's just more
convenient if he kind of stays with
Claire or stays with our dog sitter and
this was just kind of the first time
that he ever did that usually he stays
in Galway so hopefully this means that
you know my OMA comes more often because
that would be nice and I think she
really enjoyed it and I think she really
liked seeing it wired oh and everything
I think it was good for her so I'm on my
way home one little finger one little
finger one little finger tap tap tap
point your finger up why yeah yeah yeah
oh oh yeah I owe you right - hmm
you're the good outside yeah all right
you know give me a little darling oh
well usable right okay I don't watch how
a baby dumped the bathroom
all right take two take two friends
ready you bought them all hey we're back
okay take it off don't talk we're gonna
trade it over here
that's essentially outside you gonna
tackle me from here five more shots Oh
so today's plan involves two dinners we
are having the pumpkin ravioli with a
mascarpone inside dog are all leaving us
proud goodbye forever don't on the door
okay just you should press the button
here and the front door just opens oh I
live in dream we live in dream friends
and amelia is gonna have some egg magic
something magical and edgy and sweet
corn is gonna appear in that pan it's
going to be amazing
are you a you close fish close it okay
media um meeting someone's in your room
Yomi Yomi
will you wrecking friend oh sweet corn
na what do you think is it a win oh
sorry
yeah your four friends right yum-yum-yum
the owners we didn't do this because it
was only a small amount to this but we
didn't want to share divided between
tree just wouldn't work out um this is
empty drinkies is empty you're just
gonna pick fall in the corner night
aren't you so funny did you eat any
chocolate did you
you're gonna have a chocolate beer under
not because I came over with the wind
all you get rid of jelly
I hope she's true to inspect about she
like she choose to inspect affection you
are hilarious man I'm gonna get started
on my little funny
oh yeah get a crack in there yeah oh
yeah oh yeah I'm gonna think I'm going
to crack at the big cream make one a
little friend yeah you go to chocolate
CID cokecake last night we had a cupcake
party
oh it a big hyper-real I wear I won't
he seems so much more aware these last
few days of me following he laughed the
media mmm-hmm but now I've heard unlike
some like hmm yeah yeah yeah yeah I
noticed you would follow you before you
know you have a sort of a glazed look at
his eye and then looking at happier yeah
and he's smiling more and it's not like
it's usually in his sleep like it's not
more Nellie's kind of fuss a little bit
anyway we do need to go upstairs and
have a bath what oh she got chuckle
hands oh yeah
hold on that's it yeah over here
all right folks I shall see you in the
Majin say bye say bye okay hold on we'll
say bye any minute now
now can I have a body can I have a bye
can I have a body say bye say bye bye
say bye to your friends you know cook
your little marshmallow say bye why are
you not saying goodbye say goodbye
take a buddy my slow once you walk off
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be awesome
ah ha ha
