yeah are you sharing are you shining
your treats
thank you give one which one is our
dough getting which one for Eduardo I
want to give him an egg I love how her
arms like oh yeah right out like don't
don't touch go go text me
good Easter morning yes be arrived to do
stuff so mmm okay sugary cake I'm also
having Easter Bunny right we have a wife
and a daughter
you know he doing what I think she's
done are you done oh you need your
Columbo friends all right you ready
ready jump for your life is that it
that's your first time is it
YUM I don't think she had last year and
she know I'll just take this then oh no
she has all the top part out chancer I
don't know half of that look you know
more you want more top part like she
learns fast look at this
ridiculousness right here what are you
doing with Tito did you let Tito up on
purpose hmm he'll was your ball both you
where's your Bobo which is Bobo his boat
was lost this is definitely her favorite
doggie yeah look into the covers where
did he go
oh look at him see making a little bed
see making a bed go find him yeah Tito
is probably licking on milk stains hmm
oh it's so gross every single night I
have to change my clothes yeah Tito
cuz I just got totally soaked in milk or
spit up it's not very nice you want to
get down good boy look at this cute
little girl oh you going down
oh yeah
close the gate close it close it close
it don't let any doggies up good girl
good girl
she's so smart
go go go go go go go all aboard all
aboard hop in hop in
now put your seatbelt on start the
ignition third ignition push start play
that more fun
oh my goodness he's just a tool
character this is your little character
friend hello Holden we've got two little
characters that's downhill
Oh Oh all going pull it yeah nice job
the window is asleep in his swing she
was kind of fussing around here he seems
to be quiet for now and Jonathan just
took me out on her I think in her car so
I'm just going to take this opportunity
to wash my makeup brushes because this
seems to have settled I was just doing a
laundry and boring house stuff but now I
need to clean these because they're
looking pretty rough so I cannot wait
for media to have the Easter egg hunt we
don't know when we're going to do it
maybe when she wakes up from her nap I'm
not really sure because I don't I don't
know I know we could have done it now
but I'm not sure I just kind of wanted
to put it off for as long as possible
because I don't really want her to eat
too much chocolate today so and she got
a ton of stuff like but also hope there
and then I've got more in here this is
just a cupcake that it got smushed
because Jonathan I don't know if I
mentioned but yesterday I spent like
half an hour crying up in our room
because being so sleep-deprived and
everything like the smallest thing can
set you off and yesterday Jonathan was
carrying the cupcakes over on the
platter the cake platter he's carrying
them from over there the Easter table to
the island and the plate or the cake
stand like tipped off something and he's
smushed five of them like five of them
dropped onto the island non-soy I thank
God but I started crying and we had a
big fight and it was really bad and it
was just because of lack of sleep like
usually something like that would not
upset me that much but I just OH
the two of us are just roit that's how
you know your child is actually hungry
he's struggling to climb off parts the
other trip-trap no way she get nerve
what are you ok this is not what I can
for you friends I know you can do it
sometimes oh oh oh good job huh what do
I always taught you huh
try hard because I've always thought use
it
where's Nene taught you all right turn
turn
don't keep on going don't keep on going
okay stand up feet in feet in feet down
over fourth down see she is she she is I
guess no be Donna girl ma huggers and I
took a huge risk she decided to paint
your nails there's no pink
he's been blue for so long now hey what
about our next kid my next kit and then
why yeah she's like oh you're this is
disgusting but your toes are dehydrated
because she's like I'm giving a break
for so long what being no pain to move
yeah that's kind of it's bad you know
you're not supposed to like just give
them a break for like two weeks and
they'll be fine and I can tell it they
are completely it's gross but they don't
like maybe the break but I just kind I
hate the sight of my joke I just think
squirrels hmm so like even if my there's
nothing on my fingernails there has to
be something on my toes and I couldn't
resist I hope she's not watching it's
black she'll be so upset with me the
ruinous
good morning again my little friend
Ruiz friendliest friend is friend hey
there my friend hey friend you're not
gonna believe you're not gonna believe
what happened but me and your mom were
just sitting there right Moin in our own
business and all of a sudden our bunny
rabbit jumped in the window I woulda
never believed it he had a sack full of
sweets and chocolate no it only did do
you know what he did with the sweets in
chocolate Mina
he hid them all over the kitchen I can't
seem to find him anywhere
so do you wanna go and see if you can go
find them for us what do you do that you
want to find the chocolate for us from
the money okay I totally maybe what
happened about the bunny that came look
you two read the same egg hunt this this
way you're gonna need a bucket or I said
entry with a bow I needed a boat for
entry okay okay you already you're gonna
need a bucket how my shoes are lovely
okay Amelia you need this love handles
no okay okay now you need to go find the
chocolate Mickey yeah okay so what is it
Easter Bunny leave you
going on none put it in the book you
need your bucket put in put it in put it
in good girl good girl play more good
I'll put it in put it in we might be
here a while huh it meaning I mean oh
what's this huh what's this what's this
you'll get the hangers I know I know
after you go - oh what's that oh my good
boys die put it in a bucket put it in
the bucket put it in the book in put it
in the bucket ball put it in okay let's
go
you can buck it up let's go let's go
come on come on
mother's more just Louis more Wow
put it in put it in hey good girl
anymore
whoa what Stan nice - yes - get it I
think we were hopeful for the Amanda
stuff we hit okay let's go move on move
on there's a lot to get you know Oh what
do I fit doggie there maybe what rocky
toys right in the Johnsons toys is there
chocolate in the dark no I'll put it in
the bucket
and it's so going to sit still going on
there over there would you stand
whatever your size okay let's go where's
your more art is more maybe a woman is
more this one it's just never-ending you
have to get it all because the dogs
can't find it
do you think you have a couple of treats
there friend what's your favorite one
where are you sharing are you sharing
your treats
thank you give one which one is our
dough getting which one for Eduardo I
want to give him an egg I love how her
arms like oh yeah right out like don't
touch me go text me there you go we twin
for Eduardo Oh God
Jonathan he's butt off oh okay yeah now
a media has turned favor
and we're playing the high daddy's key
game maybe I won't you put my keys did
you put my keys
any idea no she's like let me just watch
you try and find them that it'll be a
fun game it's not fun game I know buddy
I know buddy you gonna look after him
are you gonna look after him by the way
it's lashing rain now so I don't know
what happened thank you so nice for the
last few days but then it's just a
minute ago sense storming right huh
least you got out in Iran today huh
least we got everyone today huh
laughs oh my god she just pulled out my
side
oh my house and she crazy you just
caught the end of it
who's having to be out who says she's
obsessed with my mom sandy Keys by the
way I was so stressful I was like having
some kind of a melting but as you just
turned into her road she's that go ahead
yeah but like wow is that was our rose
new micro snip countess I felt like a
paparazzo yeah let's go
Easter girl he's taking right you're
putting up more chocolate oh my god oh
my god yeah she's getting herself like
into a little get him can you grab him
Rose you want to know I mean is in a
game of Thrones here gonna throne she's
taking over from Joffrey oh is it
she she's there's PE it is a stool I
promised you you're excited by that's to
you all right you look at me you see
schmeckt HM yeah yeah she loves cheese
look at that monster thing else what you
want after you devour cheese all right
an easter egg yellow it down would it
make you a cheesecake
my cheesecake Easter egg that was like
filled with cheesecake in the inside now
little Eduardo me Eduardo Eduardo is he
did okay he's good they look alike
I think so yeah look what we could do do
you think so it's weird like sometimes I
see I look at the duardo this Eduardo
and I see my dad like a hundred percent
and then other times I look at them and
I see Jonathan a hundred percent
I think it's half and half like I'd
don't see me like I know that everybody
says that I look like my dad so maybe
that's why people say I look like him
but I don't see myself in him yes weird
I see my dad in him and I see Jonathan I
don't name his name is Eduardo ciccone
and Josh ugly yeah I know Boni likes the
other half and I both me we're deciding
the same kind of jumper yeah you're
dressed like him just like you you guys
think about your friends they buy oh
look his stripes match your hat I don't
want
funtastic useful from here
and the BBC what's a good life hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
