Eduardo say hi uh he and he does really
good work I know
oh he said hi oh my goodness why did you
do
where's it wide Oh
two peppers you're going to show it
white oh you're Peppa is he sleeping
guardo got sick all over mommy last
night
I like flu virus glamorous situation
clothes I've never been more tired in
our lives just I feel like we have no
time in the day like we go to bed and
then last night we went to bed super
late because the whole routine was shot
because we went to the market way too
late and a midday didn't go down till
4:00 so I just threw everything off
because we're trying to get her down at
like half-past two now and um we went to
bed like super late and then he wakes
about twice in the night to feed which
is fine with me
but last night like it's fine with me
once I'm not like actually you know
getting up physically getting off it's
not as bad like if he's right next to me
or whatever but when I have to you know
get up out of bed and like change
nappies or you know do like change my
clothes or clean up spit up that's
obviously where I get more tired because
I feel like I've been awake all night so
that's what happened last angulation
though it's like it's like it started
about something changed we had a baby
mm-hmm and then it was like the
accumulation of that just getting worse
and worse and worse and worse in other
ways yeah I know like hearing an option
for midday
I don't take that well I don't take it
anymore because I have to edit and I
have to like do other stuff you know he
had a moment another what's up all right
what of that even though like their naps
have been his sync in sync with each
other yeah they are um but and he will
sleep for about two hours usually wakes
up before her here she goes down a
little bit support from phases her life
first thing I look at them so would you
like yeah he's easy in so much and she's
like super easy better wise yes a
nightmare in some ways an evil nightmare
noise yeah nightmare something she's
lovely of anyway you might have noticed
I wasn't in a lot of yesterday's blogs
that's because I was just so stressed
out like a lot a lot of times if I don't
vlog just because either I'm busy or I'm
just so stressed at yesterday I was so
stressed out just over like every little
thing but I think that's what tiredness
does to you it's just like when we spend
too much better as well yeah I am I am
the enemy enemy number one oh yeah
sometimes
listen 96mm because i'm gonna go into
telephone hello 96 mmm
hey welcome to the jokey jokes Loveline
ddddd person yeah I know it's a 11 mm I
don't know if you caught it yesterday
it's a corporate in station so I'll see
what if there's a link I would have
Twitter that you can listen to it live
live on the air I'm always a happy chap
I'm just I don't know I'm just on my mom
on my pasta temperature regardless out
there of the worst situation or the
hardest situation I always always just
throw a smile just destroy a smile into
the works having a tough time you know
just look on the bright side you know
always the cons right sorry I live oh
yeah so I am extremely tired but I
figure you know what what's the point
being all down and about about it might
as well
always the gone awry I am just riffing
to the rating on my phone I never
received the radio ever I just got the
station that Jonathan's on 96 mm he's
just gone into the petrol station
because we have no service up work works
near where by what by where we live hey
but I'm not cut out on time feel from do
you just decide what we're gonna do
today in Silvis James
I don't do totally understand it's so
typical I don't think it's really don't
you understand why this is about
text in from grace in County loud
believe it or not and someone from
Galway I'm sorry you're ignoring you
listen to Daddy
why don't I do i do i here we go then an
air down I've been expecting you look
like evil nemesis this is your evil
nemesis here ah right a special powers
crying what's your special power keep
this up you're so funny
what's wrong what's wrong huh what you
look good
are you having a good Friday you having
a good Friday assurance is playing again
ha damn she's an evil nemesis ha ha ha
so Eduardo just had a massive explosion
oopsies that's all his dirty clothes so
and I had just put him in a new outlaw
Jonathan I just put him in a new outfit
because he's meeting his owe me today
thank you
you're owe me his great-grandma he's
meeting her today
I'm
take him and our dog sitter who is
amazing Claire she's taking my
grandmother's dog at the last minute it
was like a coal laughing oh poor little
question I'm sorry he wants to be fed
yeah she's taking him oh not last minute
which is really nice of her so I'm gonna
drop the Benjy my grandmother's dog
there and we're gonna go with the Dwight
oh good
what do you do what are you eating that
well flavors that one oh no wonder no
wonder cake batter give us somebody cake
batter
bah-bah-bah-bah Amelia Jamie come on
French we must what's going to snoozy
jacuzzi what she's obsessed obsessed
calm Hey look at her
poor Amelia just as ribbit put her down
for her nap
she got Louis Potter just happened to
her like America right was chasing me oh
that is so much so hey Stanley
hi look there sexy a Botox or something
no because Jen collagen yeah okay I was
all for giving her a cow ball but I
can't vote but a better solution yeah I
was like just give her some chocolate
cuz then she'll forget abetik she was so
upset
it'll probably am settled it's been a
while since you hurt yourself friend
look she's looking for more you know why
actually what did you doing more again
yeah I know
so what she did was she was running with
lip balm because she was running away
from Jonathan and she was having the
time of her life he was and then she
fell and she scraped down on this so
she's great like her cheek and then it
went down onto her
need more rolls Oh her cheek Jonathan do
you have any ice or anything
yeah but her cheek guy got right there
yeah
CS own eyes you're okay you're okay
yeah you're okay you still have to go to
bed go unfortunately
you think she'll be okay
Connor
oh my gosh
without petrol on my foot
barely reaches though next time on Oh
Oh Evvie
oh my god that was so scary
my first time actually talking by myself
part of the post
Emilia is playing with chocolate we made
in Amelia Rose tell the kids about
chocolate huh you're gonna pick them all
up
oh no don't throw them on the ground
that's all on the ground pick them up
just really good work I know you like an
apple he will wake up yeah
what are you drawing media what my
goodies your handbook she fingers such
Oh a green one thank you oh my gosh
so Jonathan's gone to get ingredients
for my cupcakes tomorrow I was gonna go
tonight anyway and get them but he
offered to go because he had to get mini
pizzas for we're having a pizza party
Friday night
we've got frozen pizzas but I forgot in
the weekly shop to get yeah kind of bad
but I forgot to get her or something so
she won't eat a whole pizza obviously
and both Jonathan and I told sugar so
she's getting ice cream she's getting
hurt anyone
but anyways I'm eating I wanted me to
sit with her she kind of having a hard
day coz of her lip and her teeth which
wanted mommy to sit with her and watch
Ben and Holly I'm having my coffee she's
having her milk
Eduardo's asleep in the swing and I'm
just gonna write my blog yeah okay
yeah I would need to do that huh all of
my blog posts and videos are going off
at 8:00 Monday through Friday and they
have been for the last like couple of
weeks I don't think I ever said that
though um that's a lot of for anyway but
yeah case you guys were wondering 8 p.m.
is my time 6 p.m. as longtime partner
what you okay behind the people in shops
me oh right along draaga no more
attendance
we're going to hide something from me
now and she totally like looked up and
she was like you got yourself box here
but it's like it's got marshmallows
indicated your bunny okay look at oh my
gosh oh thank you my god what's that
erewan this is my way what the hell I
want that too we see everything was so
that right it was like well I was like
fighting me well I was like right
anything we like we're just still not
used to East like we still aren't used
to having kids I meet the delicious do
stick in your car key in the front door
oh yeah oh yeah oh oh there was hardly
anything that so I figured that I wanted
I wanted Dieng and I was like oh by
tomorrow to bid on that so I just bought
two I just wanted to be game yeah and
then I saw this and I thought of you
what about it why so is that it white oh
yeah there's loads of it diesels they
don't tell it I know you know but these
ones do right
nope it's good yours what I feel
anything when we this thing is cool oh
character that eggs do you get my bacon
Jagger German
you got lemon oh yeah yeah okay let's
leave that it oh hey thank you yo brah
okay we better put these in hook the
little small fun ones for her yeah I
know that's good okay cool we have in
pizza tonight it's a part of right
tackle I'm saying every like all right
just hold I forget we have another child
online yeah hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
