oh good equipment ie it can be provision
that the paparazzi can buy driver
Oh
did you lose my life a little bit
nothing about looking at backside panic
buttons fell off well almost no little
goofy stuff was almost gone
his mother doesn't care she's more
interested in doing our hair than
looking after her son yeah that's good
no it's too long but now it's gone
shorter because you killed it
that looks like you're going to your
dad's let's make a promise of prom hair
prom tonight
I never even like this it's kind of
funny yeah do a jig I think you look
good with short hair I bet if you are
next top model they'd make you shave
your head or you know nigga nobody know
when they make them quit the really
short I think you are really good like
jawbone and face and stuff oh wow you
make it seem so easy
oh no good now when I will back you huh
noticed will give you a little back you
kind of let off we give them a couple of
days GG left lower belly come on
to help it in you it will shut off so
huh thank for a bad things hey hey there
look at your eyes
your eyes clean up brown brown and they
get some sleep in your eyes I think
they're brown that time she was she he
look like it's probably too early to
tell me to attend a little friend you
gonna be a squirmy wormy square me me so
good thank you don't take the order
something water
what was that huh so cansado due today
and he wanted to send from the Jamelia
because you got a new brother what they
wanted it so I didn't want to send an
ascent as well explain the familiar
today so I gave him two heads suggest
normal instead Rufio BOTS it's a present
for you to present for you
maybe Erica will help you open it or
maybe we can climb up and get it
yourself
oh you ready what you get
as a proud sister
Tito it's not for you good you good with
your height it can be conviction that
the paparazzi can buy driver okay what
happens
oh so were my guess will you get it
would you get it right and so what I
think you're doing this on purpose yeah
let's get this straight go look at the
suite mate now you open your eyes you're
such a brat you wouldn't open his eyes
for his one-week pictures in them if
eyes are open what is wrong with you do
not realize we have a pact card all we
need is the dog
actually plate is so so great and
amazing oh it's so nice I put like a
cardigan in the scarf under media but
that's like you just never know with the
Ireland you know and I haven't retiree
fun alright so how many times have we
talked about the Baker in the Spanish
market okay if you do we've got we've
never actually bought that was pretty
cool
we've never actually come here so they
were there always and his mom is always
down there and she always seized him
what but they always make little
gingerbread men and stuff for Amelia
what they told Margot that they had yeah
dogs come in are those common those
comment there's common anyway short
story shorter they add they made a cake
or something for Eduardo so we divided
today today we've come okay you taking
me there put it back in cuz I can see
you can't get imagine this is why we
need more kiddie parking lots I was
gonna get you out of here I might have
to put them over the other side what is
roasting
so cute mm-hmm okay that's the first
time at him in the stroller isn't it
strolling along hmm we didn't bother
with the double stroller attached him
because I know I mean it's just want to
gonna get down jump around so yeah you
can alternate between the options yeah a
or b you can sit over there she just get
under there sometimes
No
you're the King in the castle
you want to jump across Oh
you get up
you did it
let's lie down oh it's like a slice oh
my goodness think of that piece look at
that entire pie I'm gonna get home I'm
gonna eat that whole pie friends first
moments to get spot on if you're feeling
hungry I would advise you to turn away
now because what I'm about to show you
it's going to make you very hungry look
at that monster
it's got custard it's got chocolate
chips pastry oh my goodness guys will
leave the link to their facebook below
lazy to check them out
I just don't know if it said enough
little friend okay Kate you are okay
blue thank you I love you all the time
regards what you're wearing now do you
think I look like he's wearing this
Gina Jolie oh when our routine is
destroyed I'm meeting my dad like an
hour later not an hour earlier in our
relation hinton horrible time but it was
worth it by the way bTW
I ate half that cake it was amazing I
don't regret it at all I'm in a bliss
I'm in a heavenly bigweld bliss the
place that Eduardo enjoys flying in
please know the planes thunder duardo
enjoys second best to be on me directly
on me right here
so mrs. Cohen getting some work done
that's how I'm able to blog he's just
been on top of me very much this whole
time he is beside me so I don't even
know how this happened last night for me
and I know we're talking somehow and
somehow we salivated tacos we needed
tackles in our life
Packers I was like you know what I'm
gonna make tacos today I don't know
oh no when oh well and I do no way but
anyway we got some Angus take a smidge
and we got some and we're gonna make the
rest up as we go along
he's in the power of our imagination
hope and dreams and a solar pepper seein
even got some south side of the
guacamole holy Jolie and guacamole it's
gonna Jolie guacamole let's monitor
business plan exclaims you're a
guacamole would you buy it they don't
even know it's in US but would you buy
it anyway
let's make some tacos under my tacos
before aw hmm where I add the peppers
throwing some sweet corn and that's it
for the mailman close let's let this
cook up a little bit and just for add
just bTW though right this is not fancy
cooking right this is just like dinner
cooking you know I'm not I don't pay you
so much time to cook each other
well I get a practical cook cheering I
mean I'm not like all fancy pantsy just
like I make dinner I mean you know I've
got two kids and a wife six eyes I just
make dinner for them that's it plain and
simple the simpler and the easier is to
make this meal like to me that's me
that's what I'm looking for well I think
it turned out pretty good is it melius
tacos tacos and there's an option of
some cheddar cheese and salsa sauce nice
oh yeah pretty cool actually
YUM okay this we're here again we're
here you careful careful careful okay
see John I saw a lot of questions about
this this by the way is the fuse for the
electric shower that's all it is when
you switch that on the electric shower
turns off you could leave that on
forever I don't know I don't know I
think it's like an Irish thing because I
always have we always have electric
showers not like I'm an immersion pump
shower
kill yourself excuse yourself it's kid
yourself it's kid yourself
Oh what happens in your tables on your
we have my daddy open that hmm don't do
don't do it don't do it oh good job okay
say night-night friends night-night
friends say night-night wardo she did
save a minute ago
get your hand in your mouth did you
handle you may did you handle it in your
bag your mouth this is a very serious
situation okay we need to go have a back
anything back okay okay we gotta put the
duckies in save my friends say bye say
bye say bye you're busy
night-night friends hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone
Jolie and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
