who's that don't put your phone on the
sink oh don't do it don't do it
where's your shoe shoes where's your
shoe shoes show your friend will choose
you've chosen today you wouldn't I
wanted to get it on jumping into my
shoes
no I want to beach hello dog dog that's
have to walk when you're wearing one
shoe you causing trouble mrs. are you
huh
not anymore all of a sudden hmm like a
mage's ollie
Oh perfectly fine I don't know what
you're talking about I know what Erich
is saying huh huh what's Erica saying is
she making it up is she making it up
yeah the shoes okay walking your brother
up are you gonna take care of him now oh
yeah
eat it a little twirl she's make you
tall you know you taught her to me hello
little friends hello little friend how
we doing today hmm you're so guilty
he's a week old today yeah we call today
mmm big head yeah he's a week oh you're
a week old
happy week day first week birthday work
week rookie oh my goodness first proper
oh how difficult was it to get on
and I do Idaho very good so let's see if
you can can you just film his on first
I'm gonna fall family there's no sound
so no I okay and then you next this is
eyelash picker mean this picking right
like she grabs right actually pulls it
forward not braid doesn't everything's
gonna show you now how she does all
right let's go where's the where's the
camera oh my goodness oh we're playing
this ball game which is trying this ball
on the road Eric Church and it went like
all the down our Road Danny Hill then
the next road and an extra action one
about 700 miles we get the ball back we
have the ball back well my goodness this
bouncy ball is dangerous when trone on a
road to prepare to run now I mean yeah
she make the bouncy ball bounce it's so
nice and sunny though oh you're gonna
sit down we're all gonna sit in that
highest be cool we're just any gang
we're like the street Street hoodlums
with the street
no don't don't ever play this game when
Erica tends to evolve and okay we get
some lunch friend choose where's your
brother
mrs. ride-along it's a long way home
he's been able on
why oh yeah who's that umbilical that's
it's over tit friend
you can't attach the mom for feedings
anymore and so you decided I'm up
Centreville can you walk it come on hold
on a second
do I know you boys name you ready cutest
little gentleman
all you need is the little things under
his arms you know hello
I'd ordered Jonathan look at this carry
on like this carry on
oh my goodness hey she got up and sat in
the chair herself
now we've progressed that the baby's
crying
get down get down from here but how cool
is it that you can get up on your own
chair huh make you some sandwiches
it's nothing that manages Oh since Nana
jizz you want us another dish or do not
be picky you're not be it's over here so
okay duardo
I mean yeah I mean yeah I mean yeah I
mean yeah thank you are you are you
about to try and climb in there it's not
the leg on it I saw the leg going quite
bump it in nice job nice job
listen Mel call waiting on the Sounders
let me see if I can just pull the spread
apart on my hand
oh no way those amazing
oh my goodness do you ever feel like
you've just been wearing a baby all day
that's what I feel like right now I know
he loves mommy and I Alby and I know he
you know he obviously prefers being with
me and it being anywhere else I just
feel like I said on the couch holding
him all day or breastfeeding are they
but I'm not complaining because he's so
cute um I just sometimes I wish I could
get more stuff done in the day I feel
like there's not enough time in the day
so Jonathan seems to have forgotten all
of it the new routine because he's out
playing with Mimi I was just fine but
you know for a while so I think I'm
gonna get dinner on the go because we
are having fish cakes or a prawn cakes
actually it's not such cakes but you
know what I mean I'm something I'm gonna
put them in the oven because I think you
take like half an hour so I also feel
like I don't know I really really like
my hair I really like my haircut my
color everything I just think it needs
to be a little bit I want it a little
bit shorter like I want light so that it
sits on my shoulders if you know what I
mean
rather than being shoulder length you
know like I think I just want like that
much taking off pretty much like how it
was the first time I got a cut which I
said I didn't want to the hairdresser I
was like yeah I don't want it like that
I wanted a bit longer than that and she
did exactly what I asked for it you know
what I mean like now that I've had some
time with it I'm like yeah I think I
want it shorter again I just I really
like that cut on me I think it's the
most flattering so what'd you guys think
I think I'm gonna go for it I think I'm
just gonna go back and
I have to take the Dwight out with me
just because of the feeding and
everything but hopefully it won't take
long I mean it's just a little bit off
the end oh my god we had so much fun
outside so I brought right in the car
right and then down the road
max he's like a small elf Ella made this
like he got into it right I mean his dad
were sitting there in hysterics like
watching him like me looking at him or
like look at the glass and then we're
like going out we live on it there's a
bit of a hill just beside ya over the
dead code the sector and we're like
flying down there so told him if it's
sunny tomorrow I'll bring it you know
not SLK a little mercy days that we have
does that mean everybody gets in the
youth better so I said if it's only
we'll be there tomorrow that's what dads
do dad fine looks like at a madman you
know do I like you know that the glasses
what did you need I think you want
drinkies actually you feel like she
needs like a you know I can coca-cola
with a straw sorry sorry I had fun I was
excited okay okay let's go fish cakes
wakey eggs and Bakey
hi you know you talk to you look at him
like a little old man his pants he has
such dry skin like I don't remember at
me me out having that like just on his
hands and feet hmm we need some
moisturization friend and I can't fake
his feet art they're huge they're so
long like Emilio's feet were tiny like
okay girlie feet could tell he's a boy
you retire her boy
hmmm looks like a grandpa right now
though you put these ridiculous look
this is slice newborn but you know the
way a newborn can be kind of anything
I'm sure he'll grow into this though
which will be nice because at least it
means it'll last a bit longer but this
outfit is actually from Vinci and Judy
it's so cute it was the first like item
of clothing that I ever got for him like
the because they said it so long ago and
it was just like the first present I
ever but I hadn't bought anything myself
yet it was the first thing that I got
and I remember when I got it I started I
like burst into tears as soon as I got
it because I just thought it was so cute
yeah you're finally wearing it listen to
me now he rocked it listen to me now
listen to me now no no no no right over
this hole oh you know what I mean is are
you going Messer Messer Master Boyd
hey where's Amelia prison media there
you are well where are you
where are you hi let's go let's go let's
go
but what it's like is that no no no no
you idiot me tell get a Cal Ghetts town
well not that one this side
get your town get it maybe a towel
getting me these down get me just tell
no can't make it out the girl yeah okay
drop it down here
stop it okay search on the immersing
hard to thingy son
dr. Charlie Charlie power hit it oh okay
let's go over here
don't mind the back hey who's that who's
that
don't put your foot on the sink oh don't
do it don't do it
nothing
you saw nothing nothing - no wow yeah
correct
baby I know clothes in there is that for
baby you are no clothes this baby and me
we're going here right oh yeah okay
let's get your clothes off
goes off clothes off we're teaching
are you gonna mind him will we leave you
there you go the casting for tonight I
don't know why he won't talk back to you
see by my my tomorrow for more of this
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
