good morning yeah I feel like this is
the first morning sorry
just checking that their numbers just
play you forget sometimes when you're
breastfeeding but this is the first
morning it's Monday morning and the
first one that I feel like I finally
have some sort of handle back on the
routine because you know obviously it's
an adjustment with - and in the
beginning like in the first couple of
days Jonathan and I were just trying to
like figure it out and like no
tag-teaming a lot and stuff like that
but now I think I've figured it out
I hope um and we're back on track and
media is having whore or num nums and
it's not even 10:00 so we're back on
track cuz the last couple of days it was
just like there was babies crying it was
kind of a disaster but we just had to
kind of figure out what was best I'm
actually showered you know I'm not
dressed
but I'm showered and they got my hair
washed and everything and I was really
nervous about washing my hair because it
takes a little bit longer and I was
scared that like it wouldn't you know
that I wouldn't be able to but I just I
fed him really early this morning I got
up at 8:00 he got my shower done when he
was asleep with his dad and then the
media works up at 9:00 so it was perfect
and then I fed him while I was eating my
breakfast and Amelia and I got to eat
breakfast together because I think she
was kind of upset that we hadn't been
doing that so so far so good
and Erica is coming this morning so it's
all back to normal so I'm feeling good
about that this morning I even realized
that I should I keep this photo and I
thought and I just woke up and she was
downstairs the never adult so I took
this photo and I was like oh my god you
got his first smile I got his first
smile guy didn't even realize it cuz
that's like this Robin what are you not
so cute though I got his first smile
look at it she'll kill me Michelle
killed
oh my came with presents
my goodness
I guess she's bored about anyway hmm
that's in there can you find it okay
expert you've become an opening presents
used to not know how to do it at all is
that Minnie teaches pinky oh my god Oh
Mina you don't even have a cup like that
that's big girl
ha it's - Ayden's right someone tweeted
me this yesterday it's like an end slate
that was made up now the dimensions were
a little bit off so I just had to fix it
up but then you guys want to make amends
lates I don't mind changing them all the
time with silencers enough space to go
one year two year three years and then
there's like pictures and stuff just
make sure that it's 1920 by 1080 it has
to be able to fit and it's rendering at
the block it has to go to fit the screen
resolution uh yeah just say I go for it
they come up and I tweet them to me or
sending me so ha Twitter's the best and
I'll use it alot thanks just we do it we
can we do all we say we do every less
today we must have the baby from Greg in
any particular way to go for a driver
mommy huh your star system star trekkin
across the universe
Minnie's coming to you I've loved the
sense you can see him you don't keep an
eye on Amelia I am driving for the first
time with two babies in
and Eric is filming obviously so it was
a little bit only a short drive but it
was a little bit stressful in the
beginning because the duardo was crying
but Eric are Emilia is looking after him
right you're looking after your brother
and Eric has looking after me I
definitely to invest in a pair of
sunglasses after media broke the last
pair look as sunny it is it's amazing
it's beautiful they've even broken out
some t-shirts I said I want a vest out
it's not that sunny but uh t-shirts and
everything on nice nice I must admit you
know and I had taken Amelia and it water
away and I was like oh goodness like
what do I do you know you feel so I need
to sitting there the happiness
okay the dogs are there you know we're
on your own you're right wait what check
what should I do is this time this time
is so precious but do I want to do I can
go somewhere and not have a child
running around I love them I love
darling Roenick I love my kids I love my
kids being around me I love spending
time with them you know but some your
media is at that age now where when you
go somewhere with her she doesn't just
like doesn't want to stay in the
stroller I just wanted to stay carried
like she runs everywhere so sometimes
it's it's pretty difficult you know
which I don't even know I don't even
know what it's gonna be like you know
when Eduardo with his like I don't know
like a year or two or so I don't know
that maybe the second kid like learns
faster because he learned from Amelia
you know so maybe he'd be like running
I'm running running and walking which
area but could you imagine like the two
of them like you know you can't run
after twos you run out and what if they
go different ways where amelia was that
way dry runs that way right oh god oh
god look at Amelia she's so happy with
her pasta on her parmesan and am i you
actually much good why don't he was very
upset and we came in cuz I think he was
just hungry
he just feeds for like two minutes and
then he is fine for like and I just wish
he would feed for longer because then he
would go for longer in
Queen so it's kind of the opposite to
what he was doing in the beginning in
the hospital but I think it's just my
milk it's just like a lot for him so
once it regulates hopefully he'll be
okay all right we got a number to put in
here folks a tree 77037 7-2 7-1 did you
win when it got green lights let's go
for this let's go for it I never
actually watched these car Oh jeepers
jeepers stop I'm reg activated please be
nice please be nice and gentle never
come in here before by having that time
for hand wash folks okay hope this works
out well am i snack on some ass some
bread rolls when I'm waiting so the
public health ministers just here and
I'd wanted all got weight areas right
now his swing she was like that's a real
fantasy so we got weighed and measured
know that we actually never got his
length in the hospital so he is the same
length as a media they're both like
little people like they're both 19
inches I think he's like nineteen and a
half or something so only a tiny bit
over her but that's 20 because Jonathan
and I are both like virtually the same
height like he's half an inch taller
than me though that was kinda cute but
he felt late and he put on a little bit
of weight since the hospital which was
just like yesterday yes yesterday so she
is 76 seven pounds six ounces so he's
almost back up to his birth weight which
is really good sign so I'm really happy
about that because I was a little bit
worried just because I had he's so much
smaller than
which he's not but he just looked
smaller because she is a toddler now and
I'm compared I can't help but compare
now good morning again my little
friendlies friendlies friendlies friends
mmm
mini mini is a mouth she's a crazy mouth
that's all I know about her she has a
friend named close and may have just
made that up
they just made that oh we're looking
shiny my cars I just want she tiny shiny
all the time
what do you day what are you doing
raising media where's the media I don't
know where she is where's the media
where's Amelia hello hello hello with me
oh oh it looks like I'm smothering you
ah oh oh the crayon folks that's the
last of the crayons the last Mohican
well it's clearly seen this Bob uh-oh
come on Amelia get your vacuum cleaner
thank you
all right here goes
Mina Mina over here look look watch
enough look as if like magic Oh Oh
sometimes it gets your nose sometimes it
gets your toe I know hey guys you're
jealous I know what's going on huh
what's going on did you let it dug you
up here who's that over there he's that
over there he's a Tito
he's a Tito uh-huh come on gets up here
and put she homes up right she lets tio
up and then she locks the gate behind
her huh Tito Tito Missy - Missy - crazy
there he is
hi Tito oh I mean yeah total ball at him
yeah don't turn up on it huh Oh put a
ball in me either
so Jonathan got was the first one to get
peed on I already got peed on in the
hospital well yeah it's warm I know you
should put your hands in it that's great
I was like I turn around we're talking
to Ana and I turned around right there
in my view with like a little fountain
yeah I've avoided it so far because I'm
so nervous
I'm always just like let let it slam
like hard wouldn't happen yeah I always
do it like so fast because I'm so scared
of getting heat on in the face and like
everyone says it like every or mom or a
boy says it like that it it always
happens I'm like no it's not happening
to me it's not done and your foot and a
foot I'm gonna press the right button no
more some press the button you'll fall
out
his eyes his shoes melius shoes
daddy shoes Eduardo choose we all have
shoes and your mama shoes so media was
so cute when she was in my car earlier
when I was going to my mom's house and
Eduardo was be closer to her because you
know my car's obviously smaller than
this one and I was just driving along
and she suddenly was like mama and I was
like yeah and I turned around or I look
at my mirror and I she was pointing at
Eduardo's like car see she's pointing in
and hit but there's no mirror in that
car you know opposite him so I couldn't
see what had happened and I knew it was
nothing major but I was just like I bet
something happened that she thought
was not okay and sure enough when we got
there I checked and his hat had fallen
off so she was like kind of challenged
like mom you're pointing at it like with
it look of concern in my interface
so cute he's responsible like they're
after responsibility I know she's a
winner will she ever achieve put bows on
him you know she did what when we were
leaving
it was trying to help me because I had
like 50 kids and a million bags and so
she took Eduardo in the car seat and Mia
freaked out
oh she was like no she's just kind of
freaking it sue had to give the car seat
back to my mom which was like it's okay
it's okay
oh my hand all my she's so / - and Sue
is like you know that's a really good
sign that she's going to be a really
good sister like single
so cute I just thought my cousin like
yeah you don't like it have to worry
put it on my plate put it on my foot put
it on my foot
whoo store it all on your nose head put
on your head good bye bye hey shoulders
toes toes come on friends does that
thing ever end you coming man I just
ended all right friends come on we have
a date with destiny the date with
destiny
what is it wardo gonna pee he's on the
bed too
i night a little friend
night-night boyfriend my doggy friend
and doggy friend you know say bye say
bye say bye you're just too cute
bye bye hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie and
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
