okay we got the broccoli chicken and a
sweet corn
we got the pasta tomatoes and the tomato
week - we got the crying baby a we got
the crying baby be we got the doggies
huh you okay friend
it's early in the morning welcome to
deluxe 2d my friends now we'll get some
orange juice my friends now welcome to
the Bloods my friendly as friends and
thank you for commenting like button if
you have their time but I understand it
if we make a rhyme that you cannot see
today it's so me oh nice nice watch this
what happens when your secret price the
price of less steep yep so we got a
media was that he's kind of helping
change it wider this morning we've given
her all the stuff you know I think the
more she's involved in it the more she
kind of accepts it is something light
you like you try to make your life so
she can actually help huh hi mom's
upstairs having a shower cheerio cheerio
ge Qing Yi Cheerios banana what's the
name Minnie and Mickey Mouse is my name
and media mommy picked out your outfit
she's wearing big girl pants today
because as you guys know um I have to
get I did find another place a couple of
different places a lot of you guys
actually told me where to find vests in
her age but do you guys remember I was
in next and it couldn't get any vests
for her age I had to get like big girl
vests and big girl knickers and I was
just like what the hell but I my mom got
me some I think is it Marks & Spencer's
or something Madan hey hey friendliest
friend no I know when Leah's friends
he's looking at mountains of stars the
universe oh right it put in
good girl we take this tip this is silly
okay don't mind my back fat no the very
month is making me a bag but it's so
gross
but anyways I'm wearing my new um boob
hoodie that's bright yellow I'm really
not sure how I feel about this color on
me like it's definitely new and it's
definitely bright but I don't know it's
kind of fun I didn't want to put on the
great cuz I have a great one and I just
ever since I got it I just think it's so
dull so I didn't want to put that on I
wanted something like nice and bright do
you like mommy's hoodie do you like it
do you like your outfit
oh oh let's close the door
let's close this door shall we yes
so that's my OTD it's very stylish yeah
do you want your lip balm Amelia dry it
your lip balm
sniff them we put it on oh let's put it
on oh pretty girl and I've got look
mommy - some - mm-hmm
only a little bit little bit there you
go put it on your lips not in your mouth
Oh golly oh my goodness so turns out
that Anna and Eduardo clashed huh they
clashed look when you're born is another
one oh my
what's clash then it's like oh yeah okay
now you're going to work sometimes you
wear the same shirt as the other guy and
you're like dude much okay look at look
at them look at me Easter baby mommy is
so cute Miroku good girl you want to do
it again I'll push him again Oh
say see saw margery daw Eduardo shall
have a new master he shall have but a
penny a day because he can't work any
faster ah si sir I just came out I was
just doing laundry and I just came out
and she was rocking him yeah he's okay
you you made him quiet down you did that
oh yeah he's okay he's okay he's okay
I'm gonna push him again um so I may be
out has fallen asleep from ucch we knew
what happened Amenia hi resigned it off
no be glad it's not for you is the guy
ya know joinery Jean Jonathan then we're
gonna have to do the whole thing again
with them
for his like injection I already got his
BCG I was just all do Rick I wasn't all
there for you know I will be so
the last pregnancy the last time like I
would remember you you brought him in
because I was like crippled yeah it's
just like there are anything are two
stitches - yeah was that what make up in
his nerve pictures no no you tore like
what there's levels of text
oh yeah it was ready to go I remember he
said to me like and he's like well no I
you got a tiny tournament I'm trying I
am that moment to actually those really
funny I'm looking forward to seeing him
again at the six-week pointment because
last time around she came and visited me
every single morning
and this time he did come and visit me
but he I think I was asleep yeah cuz the
nerd the Midwife said it to me they were
like oh the doctor was here and I was
like no I wasn't and then I was kind of
upset because
miss Reece when is I exactly because
Jordan is so cute
we're a familya for walking towards the
door
goodness w-4 she I know I know
Oh need I can pick me up she does night
no at least not legally
yeah worked act that way look at him
he's like heading back so I would like
to return this yeah no I just elevator
itself watch this documentary shows and
last night American black hair was on he
was an actual Terry backer channel was
really scary
there's an English version we saw a
couple months ago sup Legend of heroin
yeah okay okay hold on hold on we're
free stogies 6/10 teeny tiny when I
plated Oh
yeah I mean yeah throw one away that's
good yeah as much as cuz your milk him
and just came in so he's patting himself
open man come on this way
yep come on we were down that way when
we had a media remember yeah let's go so
we pull up here right and I'm like I was
like maybe I'll give a bubble machine
I want a bubble machine and he blows
bubbles look yeah I was like I was like
are you gonna have to get him something
as well I was like no one what do you do
you scream Harrison bubbles and meaning
of love and a screaming boy shop toy
shop I didn't scream I was just like so
Jonathan thinks that he's gonna go in
here with me and she won't notice that
it's a twice you know what
it's really everything Oh Oh hold the
ball yeah
what's this Oh Amelia huh look at this
do you love that you love that I began I
was saying like a small toy or something
would look at you kid that chair is huh
would you like that little chair for
yourself I would just like to point out
that I knew this would happen I knew
there was no way that Jonathan could go
in to a toy shop and that's been a ton
of money on Amelia he's going back now
and he's got done the present I knew
this is gonna happen
look at her visa compensation do you
love it yes Colin I was sitting there
for so long and I was like I just knew
like Jonathan's like what are you
talking about and I knew I was like you
cannot just go into a toy shop with the
media and not buy her like a ton of toys
I knew that what happened
one here that you didn't even know who's
that did you get split rotten Minnie
Minnie Minnie we're obsessed with Minnie
you saw a few pepper and they're just
like peppers forgotten it's so weird
here we have to go to Disney nerds we do
like you know kids meeting Minnie yeah
yeah with that like he's like but she's
not into the show the meaning man's TV
show or cartoons wherever it is she's
not learning like it so much
which is something about Minnie huh and
you can win here if you're in London you
can just like hop on a train boom
straight into Paris or we can just drive
over happy fun France or we can take a
20-hour flight to Orlando but the Train
seems more accessible to our women no go
something or other smell something it's
multi-directional which is pretty cool
so it moves like from forward and
backward side to side I think that's
kind of cool we didn't have that last
time plus see the height as well the
arrow was really low in the ground and I
thought like the other vation be better
for the doggies so the doggies won't be
able to get near me but ER now probably
better friends he's just a little bit
bumpy right now I miss upstairs dad
all right this is Mike asked should I
give it up anywhere that's kind of a
told me look if you look at them gmans
already made himself in bed
Abby winced a little teddy bear push a
little piggy what noise a little kitty
bear hmm
what did daddy build look at this thing
huh I was not the easiest thing in the
world I've ever created took a while but
at Nakul oh look this is really cool but
look you lock it that way then this
means this way that kind of cool like
this is a little ant manner from the
heel prick testing and hopefully the way
the heel prick test work is that if you
never ever hear from them again
that's who you know you win because
camera mom is a mom he said she's a
phlebotomist Schwartz and haematology
and in one of the children's hospitals
what she did she just knew tired but um
she was saying that they would go to the
labs and then I didn't hear anything
they were just sort of little I just
discard it move on but the odd time to
come across something and that's when
you get a call like you know but
hopefully we never hear anything friend
huh
hopefully we never hear anything no good
cute you are huh Nicola days all these
little laughs you know marks will sort
of disappear although I think this is
because he's scratching himself you came
out with six long nails little nails are
hmm no hello there hello mister I put
the bear on wrong look how about facing
me but it's not gonna notice it for a
while I think he likes it yeah I
wouldn't mind it maybe they're cute you
can even insult each other no he's not
gonna notice the dope for a while why
she like it looks so cute in there we're
gonna try it we're gonna show Turner
kick it kick it kick it go we playing
Gaelic football today
that's so funny do I keep a football we
need to watch the card only friend you
know when you're gonna up you can draw
in the car you definitely need to wash
it friend you're gonna wash the car for
Daisy let me give it a Daisy wash they
give it a Daisy wash what are you doing
huh okay you got the broccoli the
chicken and the sweet corn
we got the pasta tomatoes and the tomato
which Milos we got the crying baby eh we
got the crying baby Bea got the doggies
huh
you okay friend tutorial have to look
after six outs two babies and cook
dinner at the same time whilst trying
not to burn to dinner not to burn the
children it's a trick I do I always em
cook like meats and bad sorta separately
and then like the sauce then the fastest
of separately and then merge them
together at the end of June a
magnificent meal are you taking
everything out
Deebo but ever Bianca Navy Bebo but let
the Yankee Navy where she is absolutely
crazy
taking all the kids oh my goodness
you guys haven't seen that I will link
it down below it's the Bebo but event
it's Bianca's official music video
Emilia see you guys tomorrow
okay bye bye hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
