let me rabbit oh my god like hahaha
family photos she's like at no riggan is
cheap shoes
Oh Eduardo just had his first ever whoo
explosion
I feel my toes my hands yeah because my
milk came in last night and my milk came
in last night and I knew this would
happen because his poops in the
beginning I forgot what they were like
in the beginning like a breastfed baby
because it's all colostrum it's not milk
yet they're like tari gross they get to
the explosive stage which is actually a
nice smelling it smells like apples or
something like it and I smelt it last
night
just when my milk came in look at that
baby grew yay being undressed yeah what
so did she what she wants you thought
jasmine him he's like she's fine cuz
he's all warm look how cute he is
hi I know I know shitload man look at
him you know he's like oh that was very
stressful
look at my cheat my tell your friend
today you're meeting the rest of the
family oh look Eduardo looks like a
froggy ribbit ribbit ribbit ribbit all
right Robert Bryce is footsies huh
ribbit oh my god like family photos
she's like at no my goodness cheap shoes
she loved she came in this morning to
the bench is like she's so like not like
obviously she has jealous moments but
not really not yet but she likes me
comes in and she's like her face is
beaming when she sees him it's so cute
put a picture on Instagram this morning
it appeared him together
and she was just us and she's at hold
his hand did why not word oh yeah you
see his froggies he's got froggy it
rigor punish footsies not cute
ribbit ribbit yeah good girl
must say he's actually I don't usually
like green on on big voice I'm not like
a green fun but I thought that was
really cute baby grow and um it was sent
to us and I just think it's really adore
was from Carter's I love the Kirk and
Eliza delicious yeah when I'm usually
not like that push on little boys in
green but now I'm looking I'm like you
were green very well you hungry again
yeah I think so I was holding him when
go on get on there man don't oh boy his
feed from the dads and girls feed from
their moms is networks come on
but I had my breakfast with him like
just on me because he likes to be he
definitely likes to be on people Thank
You Amelia hi boys
it's okay mm-hmm Oh Minnie Minnie that's
one of your favorites oh that's very
nice boy that is a fox you got him a
huge story what Fox as well I'm doing a
right to be everybody's Oh bunny rabbit
I need to tend to the poufiness hi there
little friend huh with absentia I'm
gonna get some mums
are we having two kids is like a serious
tag-team situation it's like I get ready
then I do some stuff than I minded kids
and I think it's made and I we just like
you to swap the kids around turns it's a
turn-based system isn't a friend it just
this much when someone here huh why
don't I told you about only moody in
mommy's car never muddy in Daddy's car
that's the rule
come on I got my choo-choo train here
now you get some cheese get the cheese
it's there Veta
let me have a cheese adjourn jeez we'll
go vintagey
your mind that for me you got Jesus okay
I think well ok I'm milk put that in
there gonna pull a little alright oh and
someone put it in good job nice job
best once bananas bananas bananas put
them in
put them in nice job and it's job what
else do you need
oh I don't we don't need that many
bananas just just thought will do where
are you are you just having the time out
you have it a time out she's rooting in
the back in the way home you you media
are you in there say night-night
is why they say night-night
Eduardo midnight can you give him a kiss
did you just put a hole in my kids can
you give him a kiss give him a kiss yeah
I good girl okay man let's get our books
what let's read our book good girl she
was falling asleep why don't you was
eating her lunch and that was like ages
ago open and she's obviously perked up
oh sorry
are you ready friend you raised with the
rest of the family
we're gonna go as a full team a full
book great big a brigade yeah how's this
the Kony Jolie's on the way home from
collectively dogs there will be ten of
us in the car so I was just sitting here
and I was like I wish I could go I
really want to go and stuff and
Jonathan's like why don't we just go
yeah it's because he's only like a
couple of days all through your bad
putting hey we gotta move I know but
it's just like I do feel a little bit
like mm-hmm like you shouldn't leave the
house he's gonna do
but then yeah I I do really want to go
as well I don't know nothing
her no he's not leaving the car and I
just feel like I want to get out of it
like I haven't even goofier outside it's
being a little yeah yeah I'm just have
in front of me sitting on my lap for me
yesterday we need to get him far we need
to put a hat on him in a blankie and
everything hmm
I love the headrest thing you know I do
feel enhancements oh it's so nice
Amelia got a Mickey today yeah I said
whatever I know I just lost but it's
true about Lake Nanami it's like him
Mickey
Eduardo Minnie in media you know she was
saying her name this morning she said
her name she was saying I kind of
watches she says it different than what
it is me I mean yeah can you say Amelia
Amelia you see Eduardo yeah good girl I
love our little family it's so cute
but you guys see is Amelia and Edward
you can't really see because I'm in the
wrong position but you can see yeah
in fact you guys can see more than
merely asleep early
he's a week
you out
the media is minding and white aren't
you you big girl Berlin
dad hit the sport button it's happening
yeah don't have breakers but you know
what it's like the perfect kind I'm so
glad that you got this car can we have
the other one which one your other Kota
GT like that I use a young man's car
that wood is so annoying
but I'm so I just feel like this is the
perfect I'd say here's a book with this
big German machine yeah they fellows may
be your opportunity here Mickey and
maybe no no space for church and in the
middle there is if you get an end we get
frisky also the dogs anything it's like
the perfect it's like karma was a note
departmental Isaac the family compound
compartment allele I can see the adults
the kids and the dogs don't put a treaty
it's like the perfect car for like our
particular family because we have like
an insane amount of dogs and act like
two kids did you know she's all like
Kiko
my guys know hi everyone hello everyone
all right let me detach you off let's
get some detaching on excited to go home
excited to go home
are you there yeah come on Amelia hi
puppies and she's just a minute
she's looking for Alvey hi newbies hi al
me
hi Sini's let's go let's go let's go
let's go come on your doggies are home
Mia when she talked ease I think I think
you got a yellow bow where's she just
put it in the car
they're all happy that's what all that
little oh my god I'm not gonna say they
all wanted to go outside look at them
little sheep where's I'll be now guys
isn't he
dopey tell the dog hey Eduardo mm-hmm no
because Cena is a mom she understands
Cena look nobody can know what I opened
this is a doggy
he's quite a lot of room who else wanted
to go you want to go maybe Alby and
that's it what's this guys hey Stan
yes just be really careful it just cause
there's a lot that's the only reason
okay okay guys yeah they're gonna fight
this week
y-you know out of excitement not
inflation is not like that you know
thinking about picture where it's not
that they're vicious it's just because
there's so many of them and then get
excited me me the so hyper he's on the
red I got my job right what explosion
give in exposing situation gonna add it
to the dinner grabbing some steak lads
steak and pepper pepper and steak hey
people say you should get a pepper
shaker banners need peppered steak so it
would just be for a you and I evening
comedy wanna share a peppered steak with
jokey jokes let's see if we can make
that happen
what's gonna add some it is gue simple
Stern sauce that's about it are
we need more peppers might be somewhere
around here
well yeah yeah Oh steak night lads
checking the steak
you turn it on bring in okay yeah
put gonna be cool though wouldn't it be
cool so I get out of here get here I
mean you got the washing done oh yeah
why can't just go oh yeah lose be easier
yeah no you can just stay here with her
let's go
oh you can try yeah Oh God listen uh if
you couldn't drive well how'd you feel
about him on their own in the car hmm
yeah right you never let me drink the
other part yeah you have to get another
license uh sugar sugar man you have to
get your blade license you haven't
traded right in yet oh my goodness
imagine that's what happens you forget
and
no license that's the problem you should
have 20 minutes and then you like it
from the center you know you got two
years like I know I threw out of the
wrapper I didn't do it mine my
compensation when I pass my driving
license I think I was bad 17 and then I
didn't do it writer write help me just
push struck alright folks we're gonna go
we're gonna hold me there
we're gonna go I said these two little
ragamuffins too bad now we're gonna
watch some movies I got a sink from oh
yeah I mean Amelia Amelia Amelia hold
what oh I wish your tops a what is it
out say come here come here to meet you
there
you know small German to run we never
put up all blue one time we just never
replace it because no one ever it be
something that you can try and slow
let's go let's go bad time in the city
okay you dancing let's go let's go why
is your back in our back I'm gonna put
the Ducks in fight fight
are you gonna say bye to your friends my
friends bye bye Wow my oh what the heck
was that you are just so cute
bye bye
alright guys hope you had a good
Saturday night
obviously we totally rocked it out with
our children
I now have children I don't have I don't
have I don't have a daughter anymore I
have children
part of all my children all my kids hey
all my children that I got show her
something heron your mentor your main
color s mental mentor a special window
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
