Oh certainly eat chicken oh you did you
go to Nando's
good morning and welcome back to not the
first nun toward a in a while and look I
look I'm wearing orange and that's
orange I'm like Halloweeny huh
look at this photo - Hanna god of
Alessia she's such a supermodel like the
rest of our kids just like their mommy
yeah everyone's child to themselves as a
supermodel yeah okay okay so look we've
got a device here very exciting device
guys and we're gonna put it on the wall
we picked this up because alessi is like
standing and jumping around so I got her
one of these things I think look it's
got crinkle crinkle in it I think she's
gonna love it
we're gonna see what it's like you
remember we did it when we did it Amelia
yeah he's gonna go ahead and find the
footage for me so I can put it in here
they do it looks like yarn from lost in
space seems pretty high up it's gonna
cool isn't it
now we've never tested this before so
you're first you're flying you're
Supergirl
Supergirl did it I just can't proceed
without the commotion with a book
because there's a baby hanging from the
ceiling that's not normal I tell you no
that's not normal attire hmm
leave comments down below tell me if
this is my real name hallucination Noah
drugs
there's a baby hanging from the door for
him just got normal it on display
ready yeah do that fun
are you people we go hello hello you
know that's it we could go out for
tonight just leave her there it's our
new our new babysitter a new babysitting
situation here just tie two kids up here
I would actually like to go in this if
they if there's an adult version of this
is there your kids be around all right
don't get dizzy get dizzy
okay now unless yeah you need to put on
a few pounds so you can actually reach
the floor rich let's get a photograph
you look so cute she loves it she's like
screaming away here there's mommy there
but she can actually make it spin
she's heavy enough that she's like she
got it spinning and then kept kissing
hang in there oh you know what
standard attented attended the defendant
and are you guys watching this it's so
good it's so sudden it's viral and he
expands probably the greatest sci-fi
show since Battlestar Galactica I status
i status I did it I said it
oh let's get to oh that you know what
travelers is pretty good sounds better
call saw but everything everything's
good did I watch only the shows i watch
oh good I haven't driven in so long like
I feel like a brand new person seriously
though I have not blogged or driven
today is the first day that I properly
like feel the cold which I'm actually
kind of happy about because I just feel
like I've been sweating for the past 7
months and today I'm finding me like oh
but of a chill it's interesting
- back and look what we got for Alessia
did you get it I order this well what
well anyway here we go well I ordered a
swing thing are there is there it's
pretty much the same wounded Eduardo had
what his thing is actually it's pretty
moldy dough yeah what is this so cool
but in water came wasn't upstairs for me
and he was like daddy we need to build a
thing that I had when I have a kid and
everything he wants to go into it and
it's burning dinner or pies on Monday
that's this can see blind dish planet by
night that's here I could build this in
like five minutes
I built him before so I mean it's
getting not unless he's getting all the
things today yeah I think it's good
after the tour I was just searching so
good for her like just have quality time
I think was like she had time with
Amelia duardo there to like or maybe we
just noticed her we noticed the Turtles
I know
all the time I knew it all the time I
keep really nice yeah I don't know where
that well you know cuz I don't spend as
much time on her I'm sort of primary
chameleon Eduardo and then over the tour
I felt like I got primary time with less
yeah I was like yeah so I owe
liking my word so let's gonna build this
thing for her sake you got a match what
ah
twisty leg strikes again screen joins
episode 700 of twisty leg today Anna leg
twists wait I'm sorry
tomorrow night's Halloween nice do you
dress no but I actually have an outfit
we need I have the banana one it doesn't
have to be scary
there's no rule that says what no primer
on hallow Eve this hello Eve a thing
yeah I just make it up well it's hallow
Eve and you're trying to prime a costume
I in the other hand have a banana outfit
for her although that was for a while
ago lovely sunrise or sunset did you
show me show me well is it a spooky one
would she be spooky so I'm gonna be
dressed up last he's gonna be dressed up
Amelie is gonna be dressed up it
Wireless gonna be dressed up and you're
not gonna be so get yourself something
cheerful horns leave comments what
you're dressing up for Halloween that's
this is Halloween this is are things
gonna be good this year kids are much
older they won't be afraid of all the
doors they're more down with the concept
of Halloween that's his first Halloween
and I just got a I just got a bargain
there it will be delivered on de was it
the 16th or 26th of November whoa
none of them say like get tomorrow
you're gonna go for now for next year
because they know they know so guess
who's home from school today it's Amelia
she's mean all the way oh yeah
don't put the committee go away Sophia
gave Amelia gue right we're going to put
Alessia in here okay
and then we're gonna put it wardo in
there what are you too big gentle gentle
well what do you think it is way to get
a little number huh what iswhat
batteries anything first guys not too
rough not too rough like she can put it
out oh it was she can almost put it out
though he's in there and she's a toddler
she wouldn't be in there now did she and
she can spin around look is that one
cool yeah we getting so many things
today oh my goodness Amelia she looks
like you the floor Wow doesn't she look
like Amelia though when Amelia is the
baby he does dear I've worked for bad
that is for batteries in it
hmm all right who wants to go next
Eduardo what does they'll bit your back
all right time for num-nums
why I don't think you're gonna fit look
at you guys look at my little gang of
kids huh
look at my little gang huh you guys
excited for Halloween maybe but you're
going to leave this house after school
tomorrow
now can you all sing a song like the Von
Trapp family what the sounded music I
mean look at this little high P okay huh
oh hello Emily elephant oh hello George
pig come on in guys Oh Emily elephant
packed a truck and said goodbye to the
sir yes oh you can George there you go
hey guys what's going on for a sleepover
turn around
George there you go why'd you say I want
you to tell all of your teachers and all
of your friends no I'm turning 21
mommy's turning 21 and Friday so let's
do a practice what oh hello Amelia I
hear that your mommy's birthday on
Friday
how old is your mommy what
how old is your mommy Eduardo how old is
your mommy going to be this part a 25
year take that one Eduardo how old is
daddy Amelia how old the study the less
you know guys you know seven months
today
happy birthday Alessia seven months
seven months ago a bath day
happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday
what is the fart zone
