okay quick okay and you might actually
be going into natural labor who's
another huge wall
big spike there no you don't know all
right
ROP goes oh he's gonna do an exam and
check see but that would not be amazing
though you actually went natural
yourself
today is officially induction day
Abraham Ladd's Abraham
mommy is going away this evening and she
may come back with a baby she might even
have a baby tonight what side of this
video did it happen so I'm going to the
hairdresser's finally to get my hair
done and this is my first time parking
in this place I was so nervous about
parking because I'm a crap Parker I came
here and was completely empty so it was
fine I actually did a pretty but a
smooth job I think I do say so myself
oh I'm just so nervous today about
everything and everything's just making
me feel like just really I don't know
I'm just I'm not a nice person today
like I've already shared it out like
everybody at home probably and I'm just
so nervous and empty don't wanna teach
you and make a daisy-chain that's so
cool I don't know how to make him he
just like tied them together hey where
you going get back here
lazar eric is your daisy upsy daisy's I
don't care
no I'll put it in your hood Wow hey I
guess that I was making nice I spent
four hours four hours a day for the last
two months she hasn't got any sleep and
look at this
no no Christine daisy chains friend
that's how you measure I just got done
in the hair salon that dude is so long
um actually didn't take a whole lot
longer than I thought it would but I was
actually right with my parking ticket
because I paid for four hours and I
think I was in there for three all I did
was basically just get the ends
freshened up and I got it cut obviously
shorter um and then I got it blow-dried
curly or like fancy kind of curls
I'm sorry I can't really show you guys
because I'm in the car but I'll try and
show you properly when I get home I
can't wait to get home now my bum is so
sore from sitting down and I need to pee
media is officially a street kid but you
get your name on the grand friend and
see you know it's official also and why
what'd you do tell that Evan what you
did
where's cast on media had her first
fatality I put it on her hand so she
could play what got stung but something
happened something went wrong although
he peed on her where's the little piece
on his last piece happy oh no there's
really sad dawn I was like no when we
tried to see I did CPR and everything I
don't know if you shouldn't go back and
check maybe he's just stunned maybe he
just got a fright I hope so sure wants
to go for a holiday who wants to go for
a holiday hi especially babies let's
start take babies oh I'm gonna brush
them you're gonna brush them huh come on
fellows fellow doggies let's go on a
holiday when you come back oh my god
when they actually come back Jen will be
here cuz he's coming here
because I would you guys have a couple
of couple extra days where I run just
you know just a few extra days couple
extra weeks the doctor coming back in
September
I've begun the September you begun to
December January February March April
May gone through September rather than
to September I hate our dog so much
sometimes I thought I really wanted easy
I wanted to kill them when we were
coming here because not all of them but
you know Alby and newbies for some
reason we're just getting so stressed
out
unlike barking non-stop and getting
stressed and like stressing the other
ones out and it was just like I thought
I was gonna lose my mind like it was
like a dry from hell and then like we
dropped them and then we dropped them
off and I see their little faces and I'm
just like there's no idea when they come
home the humans will have multiplied I
know it is hard I'm so conflicted like
with everything today I'm just like
it's like you are actually a ball of
emotions like I was saying this to the
hairdresser today she was like you do
seem freaked that's like yeah I am
terrified of you
actually cuz she she did though she kept
asking me was like okay and first you
know you first you go in then I'm not
gonna say no I'm not okay so I was like
yeah of course and then she was like
jazz me again like when she was almost
finished and I was like well to be
honest I'm pretty stressed out and she
was like yeah I can totally tell you're
totally on edge and I was like yes that
is how I am today I just everything is
going through my head at like the
fastest pace but they kind and then it's
everything is like conflicting as well
it's conflicting emotions all the time
like I miss the dogs I love the dogs but
then I hate the dogs and then they don't
want them in the house anymore and then
I want them back and every day I try and
figure out how can you get rid of all
about I'm just living like a penthouse
apartment somewhere usually they're
flying book just like recently you know
I think a lot of very recently you hate
you hate a media you hate the dogs you
know but then I go through periods of
like crying because I'm like Darrell
pray over me I'm gonna miss ya I'm gonna
miss you when I'm gonna miss a media and
I'm gonna miss the dogs and like listen
to your first night ever away from media
no cuz I went to folders but remember
white that's my friend I've never had a
night away from her more I need a day
off like seriously I've never had a day
off with daddy day care I am dying to
hear Susie we move we're gonna baby her
hi friends
wha wha what what we trying let's try an
unlucky here oh okay
so you've decided to come Nando's we're
gonna have some Nando's friends see the
doggies on holidays I think it's a good
this is a good meal so we're pretty like
Milly we drop the bounce off and then
we're like we're going to go home and
just ate a cat or something wrong
oh well that's new is that in treaty I
was back in three days
oh do some time does it open up
what do we think it is friend huh and I
heard if you get it all right you win a
brother
you did
Emilia Emilia come on
jinjo your final meal as a one parent or
one child of parents Oh No yeah let's
move to hit that's it
never are like it - just push his head
off somewhere okay
what the manikins is it no it should
like me
it's all fun shops turnarounds yeah
where you going where are you going
chod about twenty to eight twenty to
eight o clock
yeah probably
quick update Erica what happened the
ladybirds alive everything is checked on
ladybird she didn't kill ladybird he's
alive
Amelia good news good news Amelia you
didn't kill a ladybird but what the hell
are you doing you say bye-bye to mommy
she'd be happy here won't you she
doesn't care uh-huh come on let's go
elevator boy okay
elevator party for this elevator party
for in computer guidance you got to help
me here this is a super important
decision pick juniors arrival post this
boy's got to choose time we've got the
quail
we've got Junior Jay you've got this
little one and this is one I love this
one because it's got a little feet on it
it is the warmest but then I like this
because it's like a junior on it junior
Jolie essentially and I was like should
this be for one because it's all one oh
yeah maybe a little whale is well a good
whale is it this is he's very waiting
for his first photo it's a first
incidentally this is just a lady that's
imagine
yeah not just you everything is blue in
here
hello that's I feel like that's so small
like I feel like that's not gonna fit
him this Marius go look everything's
blue I don't know wonderful we're saying
grade yeah like my pajamas are gray
these ones but they're for later
I don't know but it's definitely single
it was baby blue I don't know last time
we had a contraction folks there's a
contraction and that was over yourself
you had a cramp and the seen no because
the teen choked up I don't think I don't
think it's going to show up in the
machine that generates like 40 a second
ago 60 60 and every it's like 18 or 19
did you imagine if you actually went
into labor on the night beard doctrine
it actually does mean something
well she'd be back and once you say 15
minutes she'll have a look at the thing
okay quick look big um you might
actually be going into natural labor
include another huge whoa big spike
there I don't know you don't know all
right ROP game and then he goes oh he's
gonna do an exam and check see but that
would not be amazing though you actually
went natural yourself on the day I know
under day the induction has been
canceled him dead ana has gone into
natural labor all by herself round of
applause please
Randall applause I'm so happy for her he
doesn't just long now wait I need a
right turn on this thing just when we
taught you know there was a little sign
and I was like oh but I could have an in
for the last few days and you always
like uh hold on II just did a quick
internal exam is like cervix is opening
he's getting a reaction he's like put
approximately know where the frost on
the the gel anywhere causes the
induction induction is canceled and I've
gone into labor all by herself
I'm so happy for her because she really
oh really I knew she really wanted to do
that why hot though so she wasn't if she
wasn't even booked in this appointment I
would say she would have gone like
tomorrow or something like it was gonna
happen anyway so I had a shower and
we're like so what do you think he's
like look we're not gonna do anything
we're gonna leave
you know we're gonna leave overnight
they're gonna call me if anything
happens I'm gonna go home because uh
eric has not reported Miglia to bed
before so I was recorded like oh my god
hold on that was texting Eric I was like
look I don't know what's going on here
you might have to try putting her to bed
you know cuz I think no one's ever spent
the night like no one's ever put Emilia
too bad other than us other than me as
we found it anyone today so I'm I'm just
I'm gonna try and go home Tony Oh what
time is it it is it's 11 o'clock
she's probably still up but I'm gonna
come back to the hospital tomorrow
morning about 7:00 a.m. a value doesn't
call me trade tonight it means she's
okay and then eight o'clock I think
eight or nine o'clock of nuns going on
they'll break her water I move for
downstairs to one of the one of the a.m.
labor work or whatever you call it and
they bring to water it's out for that
hopefully yeah oh my god hoping she does
herself this is so exciting this is so
exciting
I mean just texted me she's next to me
saying oh she loves me fantastic
breaking news oh my god how exciting
guys so I know you're like Jovi why are
you making this go into two videos I'm
sorry you guys a plate for another video
for tomorrow but check my Instagram and
Twitter I've probably up he's born
tomorrow before the bloggers like his
party pictures up on Instagram I don't
know I'm so excited this is so real now
I'm just really happy for it I cheat she
went into labor itself oh my god okay I
gotta go
actually I'll see them it's nice to like
I let her say goodbye to you
we can't gonna never out of Amelia what
time do we call this look at this look
at this overtired baby hmm
get this overtired baby Erica bite away
broke this today just like joke there's
I oh my god get balling majiggy oh my
goodness huh
you understand with the rage the
pregnancy rage is you're lucky Anna's
done away come on friend
it's a say bye to friends say bye bye
she's drastically overtired we'll see
you guys tomorrow
exciting what if a baby tomorrow
Hey hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joey and
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
