but can we just take a moment here
people look at this look at this carry
on is the bike going into the right into
the right anything in it
so I'm just sitting here waiting for my
curling iron to heat up I had to grab a
chair from my cupcake room because it's
gotten to the point where I can't like I
can't do my hair
you know like sit there and curl it or
whatever standing up anymore because I
get so out of breath but anyways um so
I've been putting off this is so
embarrassing but I have like not a
phobia of the phone but like I'm so bad
at calling people like I can have
face-to-face conversation with anybody
like it's not like I have social anxiety
or anything but I have this thing about
the telephone like I hate not being able
to see the person that I'm talking to
and I just get like anxious or something
like once I'm on the phone I'm fine but
I just feel like I don't know I have a
thing about like making the call and
Jonathan
mocks me for this all the time like he
makes fun of me for not being able to
call like I'll I have written down in my
to-do list for the last like I would say
three or maybe even four weeks to call
the hairdresser to make an appointment
and I still have not made that
appointment yeah like it's insane and
it's not because I don't want to get my
hair done well I was indecisive as well
in the beginning but it's not even that
it's because I just I would rather walk
in to the hairdresser's and make an
appointment
look I could do that in like a split
second why have I not done that then I
don't know because I was busy with other
stuff but seriously I would much rather
do that then pick up the phone and make
it an appointment I'm just a weirdo
anyway so it's content to like this for
Jonathan's like if you make an
appointment now you're gonna have you're
gonna go into labor like your waters
gonna break in the actual hair salon
which is so totally gonna happen but
anyways so I decided that today I am
excuse me definitely making me an
appointment and I'm gonna call them
today and I'm gonna try and book in for
tomorrow you know now it's gonna happen
is that I'm gonna
after all this time I'm gonna try and
make an appointment for tomorrow and
they won't be able to see me but
seriously like does anybody else have
this weird problem it's not even a
problem it's just like a stupid little
thing that I can't seem to like get over
I think I need like phone therapy or
something
Hey Baby hey baby
Oh morning on little walkies she's what
I'm going to walking for your holiday
look at this
so Erica's walking Alvey and Erica are
immediate goes can they do that
Jonathan look it's okay it's okay so so
erica was walking him and she went up
characters like can I do that Natalie
can they do that
this is great Junior if you wanna come
and push a doggie or pull a doggie or
whatever you do what you talk to come on
no I owe ya lady don't pull them along
don't follow me
can we just take a moment here people
look at this carry on the bike going
into the right into the right he's the
best face like going gang didn't you say
you wanted to go into labor on a sunny
day today okay well today do what do you
need a six dog used to pull that alone
this thinks no my didn't pull s oh look
at that timing okay now we just got in
the car and it's just lashing rain now
let's get some bread rolls let's weigh
some bread rolls world's biggest bread
roll wait sir doc comport stroke what no
they are all gone we're gonna get some
I'm gonna stock up Oh sponge oldies
1,900 jobs doing it dishwashers okay you
just got a hundred times worse
so you said sunny day for the baby I
guess no baby today I guess this means
no baby tonight folks who are really
lucky oh my goodness
Danny if you Sam this YouTube game
doesn't work out I might actually become
a barista or a cafe and make joke joke
sandwiches and coffee
I'm telling you or it's this YouTube
thing does work out phenomenally well
maybe I'm maybe I will open a cafe would
you come to my cafe have like called the
coffee's like different flavored coffees
like the Nespresso we come over like fun
names rim
and the sandwiches you can come over
like fun sandwich names I'm telling you
the dogs will work there essentially I
want to have a couple minute we've been
in our 5 or 10 kids just did have
waiters and waitresses his own stuff
yeah it's gonna be the future I'm
sitting here trying to edit I can't I
can't stay awake and maybe has asleep
but finally she like took about an hour
to go down for some reason she was like
wide awake and thankfully Jonathan got
her down poor Jonathan so I'm gonna try
and it's nice to me because I can feel
myself just not being able to do all
this editing right now I may go back to
it later when I have more energy
Media won't play outside down a path
side yeah go play outside everyone else
back there we're late to the party
where's your hat oh wait what is the
house I'll bend it found it oh you got
your nice fancy blue shoes on don't let
anybody step on your blue suede shoes
you'll understand when you're older
beautiful
are you gonna eat the ball you're gonna
kiss the ball what I mean I was just out
with her dad and all the neighborhood
kids so cute they all like play with her
even though she's kind of a lot smaller
than everybody but that doesn't seem to
matter so it's just so cute that she
could do this and also night now in the
also now when the weather is nicer and
it's the evenings are brighter it's just
a really cool thing for her to be able
to do so I also feel good because the
dogs were walking on animus and see that
they were yesterday because it's kind of
it's like it's a pain if you know one or
two of them goes out because then
obviously the others get jealous and
it's just not very nice for them like
puppies um anyways so I'm gonna try and
finish up on that editing because this
is like an opportunity I mean because um
I kind of have the house to myself
hi guys I love you I do I'm gonna miss
you guys my is it's not for me I need to
get a new candle Eddie your friends huh
did you get did you collect them all up
are you a wall collector huh
what why
it felt like a kind of a fajita kinda
nice there's a sense of fajita in the
air it's pretty sunny still kind of
sunny we've had a game of football we
made this really colorful looks kind of
Italian with the red the green and the
white cheetah oh you ready for a fajita
huh
you ready for full heat of time she does
actually remember last time kids another
time so just yes none of them digits
Lennon did you just Oh
now and then you're gonna go to bed and
you're gonna sleep really well because
it's time for the game of Thrones a game
of Thrones throw-ins of course and it's
probably gonna go into labor
once it's plane I'll be your plan last
night that we recorded it so heat that
time these little packages YUM and we
were watching the greatest internet show
in the entire world
oh my god that guy looks so like
we people always say I look like that
guy and immediately looks like I care
and I like he's crazy it's crazy isn't
it huh anyway I wonder what do you call
those things you know you can
controlling your portions portion
control spoon she loves it you didn't
love it you like it you like for here
cheer about the heater
what's the head up were like why does it
happen you're gonna rise up oh we're all
having so much fun in here oh we're
having so much fun huh
well took them in we'll talk you into
that Oh Minnie I think she might be on
the sofa yeah you know start especially
at the door
nope you hear nothing we hear nothing
backwoodsmen backwoodsman those worried
about the blank an hey Gaston didn't hit
the fuller properly look there you gotta
wind him up you ready
again let me just one down give me a sec
give me a sec give it to me give it to
me
don't fall down the stairs just give me
the suck all right with Kirby Jake
and chubby chick Oh again weren't the
wanting them up don't be white in the
meal when we gotta have shower time
Showtime do your shower that face
sue said selfie selfie you didn't the
selfie face loafer hmm this has been
requested books for tonight but the miss
you one little mischievous which is
exactly what Amelia is I got a little
this chatterbox yeah
hey there you go take him into mommy Oh
special books she's reading the scene oh
yeah oh yeah again my baby
eat you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there would
be
