that's not like that team oh my God look
at that
Oh oh my god you see I am don't see a
seat my oh my what
good morning my friend my little friend
Lee's friend we're gonna show you my
chick mom's gonna control the cameras
here all right
this is it a funny line right now you
ready you get the smile looks you know
okay thank you ready make sure to get a
good good I run in this heat oh don't be
about yeah ready some more up
oh oh I don't drop me oh yeah 35000
scary alright oh my the big one it's an
alley alright you touch the ceiling okay
ready
oh don't you sing again
oh one more time one more time oh yeah
one more like she's gonna evolve for
that oh this is called the caterpillar
you ready I'm dad
Lady Bird bum okay I think I just heard
the whole thing crack hon come on I need
you I feel like you're dancing Nana all
right we're gonna brush teeth if you're
happy and you know it Fred adult have
you're happy and you know it pet a dog
if you're happy and you know it if face
will surely show it if you're happy and
you know it that's like a zombie if
you're happy and you know it run around
if you're happy and you know and run
around whoo
happy onion doing and you're dying okay
so you gotta show it and you have it
backgrounds hi hi hi
give me the Sarah okay yeah yeah
actually I do know a guy by if you're
happy and you know it wave bye-bye and
you're happy and you know it and your
face will surely show if you're happy
wave good
if you're happy I didn't know what put
your ears here at me and you know it
pulled your ears if you're happy and you
know it and that face will surely show
it if you're happy and you know it grab
Cena send help yeah yeah happy and you
know it run around we're doing our
weekly routine of washing makeup brushes
Amelia has now become involved in this
process dip-dip dip-dip dip-dip dip-dip
so we need olive oil just in here olive
oil and that what we need dip dip dip
dip well no not really
that's not exactly what we do but anyway
so we got these little chirpy chick um
no idea kitchen cloth yeah kitchen cloth
for Easter so we're going to just use
this to clean up any mess and we need a
bowl yes we need a bowl for the olive
oil this could get messy so and we need
some shampoo wicks you doing you helping
mommy dip dip dip dip dip dip dip are
you helping mom we sit in the flowers
giving them a little shampoo smells me
Oh
she's so happy ending and ready
o-over you got me
she's so funny when the oil run out was
like more uh-huh might be too is like
painting or something yeah she Artie you
should probably be painting rather than
King we think of brushes prioritize
Amelia Oh
done get some more all these in put the
ingredients in a little bit of olive oil
oh that it yeah and then dip dip dip dip
dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip see so a
few days ago she did her first what's in
my bag video now she's doing a how I
clean my makeup brushes Lady Bird
it's got some okay guess not
careful gentle gentle
oh here he is put out your hand - gentle
gentle gentle
oh it's okay that's a salad bar or
ladybug your first time even whenever
wonderful Mike okay I want to pass you
in too much okay we don't want to pass
it careful careful careful be careful
gentle gentle gentle okay okay my hair
is high my back
bye-bye Gaga hey my see what else you
can find in this magical garden of ours
son which time sandwich time would you
like to drink a glass of wine with this
language time it's my diamond sword okay
whoa whoa
pancake maybe gets a little pancake one
and it's gone with the tuna melt and I
have gone with the ham nails with a
mountain of sweet corn Oh pop it in oh
yeah sandwich Sunday that's all we're
talking about folks sandwich
Sunday meal issue any tank look what
I've done here maybe that the glass has
become frosty and frozen it's amazing
and making the perfect cool glass for a
cool summer day we're going to go to 7up
I feel like it's a 7-up situation mother
son okay hang up hello
oh thank you you want - okay pause video
go to fridge get one Rosie I see glass
listen here if you didn't want me to
take the video now but you do you're
salivating but it's listen so good
don't be stressing mommy out don't be
stressing mommy Elish do you hear me
i'll be till you hear me out of me haha
many anyone Gartside paid friends do
your friends want to tire you out
mommy's busy with her thank you Rockies
are gonna go away next week hog is it
going on a holiday you guys going on a
holiday
buh buh on a holiday there isn't piece
that's gonna be seriously peaceful and
quiet here you put it won't be here
right or so you don't get to appreciate
it
don't be the trainer go bring our car I
just think I'll bring the car actually
just get bored of it and then I'll just
let her run around tires up I've chased
a ball
find some caterpillars pick some flowers
Jimmy bean yeah let's put your car D on
though it's a little bit colder than
anyone you want your car D and your
shiny shoes I'm so sick of being
pregnant
the end
I'm gonna get you tell get you towel get
your town no no no get you towel get
your towel pull yeah okay we now we need
to turn on the shower to drop that fan
there yeah no easy going here to pull
the string pull pull the string oh okay
that wasn't supposed to happen
okay well you should probably take our
clothes off first
when I say ours mean yours okay you
ready ready drop hmm Yoga fun day today
thank you
buh-bye hi unfortunately it's not like
that doll okay are you okay being an
only child forever because I think
that's what's happening here friends I
think mom I think mom was faking her
late mom was faking her pregnancy I
don't even think she is pregnant lies I
bet you - pillow there is no pregnancy
whole thing's are rules it's a lie huh
did mommy make it up okay put this in
here you see the ducts media media who's
that
yeah back back back back
there we finish the shower she likes
time very much pleasure
- all right and I just super sweet and
all but there's a baby there look II
hope not mm-hmm hey Casper Casper Casper
the Friendly Ghost
this is walking life can you even see me
you're going
careful careful oh love to get your
creams done then you can have their what
jela oh it's my name again what's my
name
huh can I be mine jelly yet would mind
some of this smells good so gel for
keening and medical test we got some
cheating going on
Keating's first time to get out okay oh
my god baby same honey yeah you want to
open it movements are so big keep press
the button you check the baby
feed your brushes hair movements todo is
mental lemon miss it oh we saw but if
your entire stomach is moving there look
no I can see it all right are you
sneaking there look
that's not like that team oh my God look
at that
Oh oh my god you see I yeah don't be a
seat
why oh my what what's in there all right
lads
you can see you guys early in the margin
but OB are they in the margin but
instead of leaving you guys the fridge
I'll leave him here look at something
warm it got nice boiling or anything you
got some gauges keep an eye on that
gauge because if it goes into the red
it'll blow of him we'll all about it can
she leave you there nice and quiet me
stay calm stay cool stay collected stay
frosty
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
