oh there you go Anna if you're wondering
why I'm Leela's muddy you know to blame
I was over here on the pot Erika what
you see
look at this queen of the castle who
tell me I always got a bow bow bow bow
till we started in Nevaeh yeah I steal
that one too
here's an idea you've got your own rise
in there too huh
you got choose oh I've got an idea yeah
you got a nose have you got a nose yeah
have you got ears yeah
have you got a mouth yeah and welcome to
another day in the life of me life it's
the turn of April then I'm signing a
baby kind of hoping them although what
all that pain since up I was having
yesterday it definitely seems like it's
going in the right direction
Media do not jump off that okay are you
jumping on Tito no you're doing that was
one of the other reasons I didn't really
want to go into labor yesterday because
I still have a few things that I want to
get done or you know with regards like
just my channel and stuff like I'm like
you know it would be really great if I
could just go into labor over the
weekend because typically I don't film
or you know do it anything like
work-related at the weekends and so you
know it would be it would be fine it
wouldn't disrupt my my schedule in any
way what is that expression if you want
nope if you want God to laugh at you
make plans I think that's the same but I
totally make sense like any time you try
and make plans or like you know I mean
obviously you you have to plan and stuff
like to a certain extent otherwise
there's no I mean it's completely
disorganized but you know
I mean like you can't actually plan like
everything in life because just things
happen obviously and that's how it is
with labor but it's just like because of
the induction the last time I feel like
it was so organized so I'm trying to get
my head around I mean that kind of suits
me because I'm not kind of person anyway
that I have to plan everything out and
like schedule everything so I'm trying
to get my head around that you know that
might not happen this time but we'll see
I don't know I'm still a bit like I'm a
bit disheartened after yesterday because
as much as that was painful and
everything what happened before dinner
it went away and then you know nothing
happened afterward so I'm like was that
all for nothing or turns and thinks that
maybe it was just it's kind of slowly
eating up to something but we'll see so
I had saved up all the all the bread
that I was wasting put in an ax to doll
that last night so sorry guys there's no
bread
there's no bread hi I don't like to get
this guy oh my god they're surrounding
us pickpocket or something pick
pocketers come on media
there you go Anna if you're wondering
why I'm Leo is muddy you know to claim I
was over here on the pot Erica what you
see oh my goodness the language Oh
Erica's in trouble again you can't blame
for all of this but this size that chuck
it's bigger than a media dock you mean
it's a tree hugger
look at that guy he's like whoa whoa
that was crazy you see that good
immediacy that oh hey I got to cross
these beasts look at you man whoa oh yes
yes you all know you're there hi there
carry on carry on come on come on walk -
hello come on the excitement is - run -
it won't go too close to them okay what
you did get this guy here you wanna say
goodbye Erika bye
let you say she'll say it when you're
done by she's the door summer
less than a door slamming say bye
nothing let it off I'm gonna go go say
goodbye
where is your brother Amelia that will
give my question I would have for you
where is your brother
we have tried everything we've done the
pineapples we've done the spicy food
we've done the wok and we've done it all
um I know a lot of people are asking
their kids ebuy I keep saying about the
physical so you see you guys know we
don't want to talk about it cuz you know
and we don't we're not really like showy
people in that sense but you know we
have a very my cell phone I have a
really good strong relationship and
marriage and that's based off both of
our emotional needs and both of our
physical needs you know and I'm about to
find out you know one and that's it
there's nothing more else to say you
know everyone's keep saying like the
same thing about the physical thing you
know it's like look we have a super
healthy physical relationship you know
so we just we don't talk about it we
don't we show it it's just it's not
really Tommy Lauren you know so uh yeah
but um it still hasn't I don't know
maybe he's just remember we just made
late babies we're just in each babies
you know hopefully not though I know
it's having some pains and of like you
guys saw yesterday and knows the first
time not really happening and she's
getting all cranky last night so
hopefully that's all building up to
something here is it is it mini huh
from thingamajigs taking me Jake's
taking my chick stuff up taking me
chicks
oh no don't give it to doggies Dougy
friends that's not free that's not for
you isn't that cute for god sake run run
I'll distract them
I'll distract him run run run is that
Jeremy I think it's in German Amelia Oh
give me not for a second give me this
for a second no I'll give you something
better
all right
did she get it is time for an impious
nappy yes time we're gonna happen to be
a snappiest time Oh me Wow is your ball
all right that time but in the city you
may kiss you may kiss me kiss so I went
for a short nap I think I got like half
an hour or maybe a bit more than half an
hour
well the media slept I should've never
any sleep that well either though so I
think we're gonna take the dogs out for
a walk and it's because the weather has
been so bad lately and they haven't been
out as much like on that period you know
when it was super nice like and it
seemed like it was turning into spring
they went out like almost every I think
it was like almost every single day with
us and with the stroller and the media
and everything and it was really really
good for everybody but then the weather
just took a turn for the worst and they
haven't been out in a while and they've
just been so antsy and you know I
noticed that so much whenever they don't
get out that obviously they're just more
like hyped up but because of just being
so heavily pregnant and everything it's
just it's getting me down like I I keep
like just getting so I'm just because of
it like you know every time they bark I
just it makes me more anxious than
normal
I'm like I hate when I'm angry at them
because you know I don't want to be
so we're gonna try it and take them out
because it's actually okay right now
it's not it's not bad and Plus walking
is good for you know for me hopefully
I'll get the ball rolling
we'll see so the dishwasher update
dishwasher is kaput
well it's not kaput well actually it
kind of is the pump is broken in it and
the guy said that the pump right cost
about two hundred and fifty euros but a
watch machine can cost about 400 euros
dishwasher so he's like honestly like
fighting is always think it's not really
worth it you know you could you could
end up replacing the parts but I could
be a money trap so I think the
dishwasher would be replaced rather an
actual patient pump you know and while I
was here Little Miss flirtatious Romania
was having the time huh you want to tell
what were you saying what was happening
your witnesses she's ignoring is his
eyes and you're watching her like oh my
god and Suzanne was like she's really a
big flirt and she knew so then she was
like she didn't have a bowl on I'm into
it like try not to laugh you know bring
him her cut the pink boy yeah and but
she kept like fiddling with you know the
laser yeah run away with the mechanic
man are you
yeah two and a half year old so you need
a deal where are the walkies where are
no walkies walkies girl
our keys Nevaeh can't seem to find the
spot when she's on that walkies we seem
to be going on a run on these don't seem
to be going on a run these were coming
into spring oh my god I can't come on
you can make it up the hill they're
gonna shake it up the hill don't fall
back I'm like dragging this pile up come
on pick a judge yeah it's a neat time I
saw some comments and I'd like to you
address them the reason I tried to meet
by the way was that I personally would
have eaten that meat but I figured I
deemed that it was not accessible or
acceptable to give it to L prego and L
Bambino yeah well I probably would've
eaten it myself because it's on it's red
meat would be fine like what I figured
you know if there's any chance of you
having a reaction getting sick from it
or Emilia this is not the time for that
kind of carry on that's why I made the
executive decision don't be don't be
even don't give it to me I had I not a
last cupcake that I made it was in here
for days and this morning we thought the
Tesco shop delivered so I cleared out
the fridge and I cleared this out and
there was only one left because it has
like mascarpone cream cheese frosting so
they were in the fridge but today I I
just took it out so I knew it had to get
eaten and she was eyeing it up to say
she kept pointing at it's name cupcake
okay
and and she doesn't get sweets every
single day usually she just gets yogurt
and fruit and stuff after dinner but
yeah but after today like she just kept
pointing at it and stuff so I think I
finally gave and then I gave for the
cupcake and she hadn't had one since
last time about Saturday when we went to
my mom's house when we brought them over
so she is so happy she's a happy
bunny she just had her grapes in her new
mini bowl and then she finally got her
cupcake does mommy make the best one you
not having as many pins or Crump's like
you did yesterday
that's funny in there I wondered it
yesterday he make a big movement are we
are we over 48 hours now yeah got it
like what's the story
mental isn't it
we're just having goose babies I guess
you're looking to grab her drink yeah I
don't know what to do what to do alright
that's we should be on our way hopefully
we have a baby tomorrow come on it's a
weekend big give everyone something for
the weekend give them a baby
nuts which is coming soon Josie you
haven't told us the date I know
let's see you guys tomorrow now you can
have my son Simon Pellegrino don't
forget to take the cap off first
their departure the positive is that you
have the posh face see you guys tomorrow
bye hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
