it really hurt and Jonathan still
outside
I don't worry know what to do ah I could
probably call him when he point isn't
have a seat right there oh my god it
hurt so bad
hello Baba hello Baba we doing mother
and your fierce fierce feisty mama oh oh
she's a baba rose oh he's a monster
you're a Viking monthly lads welcome to
the rocket is now I'm going to talk to
ya what are you sayin mama is a little
merdeen yeah second little Authority
uh-huh I tell you I wrote it back in
children's book the big book affecting
children that's what I've got today Brad
sponsored by smelly nappies see saw
margery now do you know that the girl
down the road when her girls lose the
drawer has that jumper but she's like
nine or ten but it yeah it looks really
small on her no not that either
the bigger one you havin fun reading
stories at Erica she's need to reading
them though since we turn the page oh
you gotta get you all of the books that
sounds like great fun I'll be downstairs
if you need me
this is not a fun situation in case I
don't get this sorted today um and you
guys don't leave some comments of what
do you think might be the problem here
what do a little dishwasher know I can
open that up
she should have supper I thought the
chocolate shop well filter does not seem
to be blog bus there's some butter
blockage in here in the filter door look
if you guys have any says I'm gonna run
kind of just look up some forums and
stuff that's what you always they've
turned to the Internet and then somebody
in the world
having the same problem as you and then
somebody else has fixed the problem then
you read it but that's how you get so
much of a dance the most amazing hanging
biting let's like encyclopedia what are
you after he just you can just ask a
question and somebody's already
experienced the same problem that feels
horrible ah it's like soapy water or
something yeah anyway each other ha ha
ha so many guns I like a challenge in
the ball play it mommy over there
mama any mom would fit in here
punk hey come on
gonna climb up ready camera go do it are
you gonna go down the slide
okay wait wait wait hot now okay
you go up there can't say bye say bye
say bye
what's a long way around
it's just gonna go are you gonna go
we
careful director here you can climb up
come on you can do it you can do it
don't be a giver-upper come on what's
leading me from over here denne denne
denne denne she's got the eye of the
tiger
come on oh oh oh oh oh for so long she
couldn't get up didn't get off that for
so long and we kept practicing hey
you're supposed to be get up the next
one what she's leaving us oh I can
showing off Wow
she's not right up there that's like I
think that's like four year olds or
something you guys drive hard gymnastic
skills
all right hand side yoga pants and
tumble double back okay I want I want Oh
remember I want to round off into a car
flip do a handstand there Eddie Oh
hands up you're just not in the humor
today our floor routine is lacking
okay we've got the Nationals coming off
immediate at the Nationals coming up
I'll show you give you some
encouragement Oh might be on a winner
here so I figured the drain always makes
a lot of noise here to the air doing
something now I picked this up in the
shop there mr. parsall five-minute 100%
actual free so I'm I poured that down
there did the thing that it said and
just finished it and I've tested this
again later on you didn't even get to
the section here to wash me in here it
is washing you can also hear anough
rethinking me of that I'm sorry so hey I
hope this works
if it is a full cycle um I'll put in the
shelves back into it with some stuff and
we'll give it a test I hope this works
here's an example of how nesting can
just spiral out of control so I have
this just thing in my head that like
after lunch when Amelia goes down for
her nap and everything I have to clean
everything before I can either start
editing or but it from my own up or you
know rest or do any you know sit down
basically I don't remember why oh yeah I
decided to unclog the you know that
thing I don't know what to call it but
like in the washing machine the thing
that you put the fabric softener and
stuff into this thing right here I
decided to just like unplug it because
it was getting a little bit
down flow washed it out and I washed the
entire washing machine I scrubbed it
down I scrub down this the dryer come
the dryer the wipes were coming up long
because you remember that time when that
candle like went crazy in our house a
lot of fluff and stuff like that got
caught in there so I started going on
this like a mega clen of this whole like
all of our appliances basically so now
everything is like squeaky clean this
thing's all being cleared out
everything's disinfected and my fingers
are raw my nails are all will be
chipping um you know I have that like
wrinkly raisin pens raisin fingers
because I've been like washing and
committed so much this is just an
example of just how crazy nesting can
just make you it goes from like one
speck of dust to like getting deep
cleaning and getting rid of every single
speck of dirt in the whole entire house
it's just insane let's go out to play no
I died so I'm just sitting here and
Jonathan and Amelia are at the front
with Theo and Nevaeh um today I got a
little chance to quit and I'm getting
these pain oh my god but I don't think
there are contractions I don't what you
know I'm kind of freaking of it because
I'm on my own I'm like Jonathan asked me
for like they're all playing and you
know whatever and he comes in he's like
do not hear the kids they're all
screaming for Theo and I think Bianca
was the one they wanted but she wouldn't
come but anyways um he was like get
their leads on and you know he's all
like high energy and stuff and just
right at that point like he doesn't know
this yet but at that point I was getting
the worst lightening clutch ever like I
had gone upstairs to get this book and
yeah I got stopped
and just one like it's always around
this time in the evening though it's
weird um just I started getting this
crazy lightning crotch and like I
couldn't even walk up and down the
stairs like I was like in so much pain
and so I was kind of in a bad mood when
he came in all like oh the two dogs you
know and I was like oh so I got their
leads on them and I think toppling over
in pain it was so uncomfortable but I
couldn't like tell him or anything
because it just all happened so fast
then he had like left so I by the time I
got the two dogs and their harnesses and
meats I had to bring them outside and
there's all these kids out there and of
course they don't know this is going on
either and I'm like hobbling around like
an old woman
trying to like just work through the
pain and I handed each girl a dog two
little girls I don't I don't know they
wanted like one one with to11 in Nevaeh
and Nevaeh starts panicking and like not
wanting to go ahead and I was just like
they probably think I'm gonna root so
it's just like okay bye because I was in
so much pain so i hobbled back into the
house and I've just been sitting here
like you know waiting for it to stop or
get to a point where it gets to feeling
like a contraction or like what is going
on is it just lightning crotch is that
this is it that it's just so freaking
annoying I don't know what's going on I
wish I knew more about what a
contraction actually felt like I can't
remember
it really hurts and Jonathan still
outside I don't really know what to do I
could probably call him but he probably
doesn't have a seat right there oh my
god it hurts so bad how you walking your
dog II who brought you into med side cuz
all the girls under oh those two talks
and they're all running around your
meter by your money giving it bad
because Nevada is a bit skittish so as
Nevaeh now you can walk navei around the
house in the comfort of your own home
because it's safe it's so cute hi given
up on the dishwasher by the way it kind
of worked in and stopped working so
we've given up on this fella I've called
em
mrs. ng plumber engineer like electrical
plumber engineer and he's coming
tomorrow to having to fix it I think
it's a motor or something to find in the
bottom won't turn around or something so
I as it says resting I think she's
having that means and stuff I'm gonna
make some women rice noodles with some
21-day matured Irish beef stir-fry
strong stretch maybe that guy there
that's in there that's the fella there
reared the cow we're putting some black
bean sauce and are some sort of a
vegetable thing maybe some some ice
cubes um yep that's basically what's
happening right now uh-huh
I want to eat in over here causing a
ruckus what have you done here your shoe
shoes are you just gonna walk you know
what I'm not gonna mess with that she's
happy there don't mess with it when the
child is happy just leave the matter
oh no the meats gone off two meats gone
funny and colored like you can see it's
brown on the inside that's not right
okay change of plan scratch that
change the plan we're going to cook one
of the dogs which one we have Theo is
probably quite the meal D'Amelio crazy
Bianca Bank is like an hors d'oeuvre
wouldn't wouldn't feed anything huh
which one denk is like a happy meal you
never get a toilet it get a boat with us
who do you want to eat me Mia what's
wrong puts doggy while we eat it soggy
Keiko maybe now the only unte
stop that's tell see hey no no Walker
tell secrets just gonna tell you guys a
secret come on we tell them a secret
Calvin Masika that's the baby's name
must baby
what oh oh I'll be here a secret
snickered here cuz adversity
oh you want yeah that's like forever so
what will we have instead we can make
pasta or sometimes sometimes the dog
right they have like sneaky food and
bingo today house druggies know oh yeah
check that out nice life you're not
gonna take hurry from the dogs nice one
sandy huh
my God's I think Amelia I started
crawling ah sure you're crawling ah
wow you're so good at crawling ah maybe
one day you're so Mike what no way I
thought she was gonna stand up there for
a second I'm making she stood up what
the hell oh my gosh she's walking as
well
oh my god and hugging and kissing my can
you try did that over the first time
crawled stood up and walk and turned
around it was like what's the big deal
what get your cream get your creams on
screams scream right I'm going to go
downstairs and murder drunk dogs so I'll
see you guys tomorrow um where we may
have no dogs you may have a dog free
life huh what's going on guys hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah haha
