this would be a good day look my nails
are painted my hair is washed -
everything's ready you could come right
now
hope you find my thoughts okay this
would be a good time right now I'm
giving you permission you know what it's
gonna be when I've just taken off all of
my makeup if it happens
I put it up we call them look what we
call them go ahead Julie I'm about lazar
I was like oh my god Gaius Baltar - her
from Battlestar Galactica that with
money
yes oh yeah everybody told yesterday 14
loads people copped out to it straight
away
that was pretty cool cuz I didn't want
people to be tricked too much the secret
of the old Instagram is up mean yeah did
you fall for it I did Oh is she I'll be
killed you like driving on
so I've been about today to pick up one
of these look because the cart broke
last night when I was transferring the
footage my cart broke
I was joking Donna I was like oh my god
don't go into labor my SD card just
broke I know man
you wanna do an old CD Nevaeh all night
did you play any April Fool jokes today
the funniest ones are the news right
most of the people like to follow on
Twitter or like news organizations and I
was reading them all this morning in a
hilarious it's going up it I know what
did Erica do what did Erica do tell me
I'm not sending it to bed day huh maybe
this is her April Fool's joke on us so
we're going to our last doctor's
appointment like our last OB appointment
and I see John is it best Erica is
looking after the media room eric is
looking after
Amenia it's kind of a nice name it's
growing on me now I've information but
like it's just in an english-speaking
country it doesn't really work I still
think we should call him Gaius Baltar I
didn't go be a bit
Gaius Baltar yeah when I will see I
wanted look big sauerkraut that's what I
was I was like no it's too and actually
my grandmother's died like so my
great-grandfather yeah my
great-grandfather
his name was sooo big yeah so it kind of
would have made sense but like nobody
knows that so if we didn't want you
don't want it to be you don't want
everyone to believe it we want to
believe for like a minute yeah that's it
it's not that's that's too clear and not
an actual yeah no parent is like a
pickled onions yeah my mom wanted
pumpernickel if your name is
pumpernickel sorry if you're that type
of bread maybe a common name is
pumpernickel it's still playing with ya
again we got our induction date and our
feet repossess fuel assessment date
which I'm trying to remember
oh yeah as soon as he said I was like
her yeah but something might happen but
then I can't make sure it for some
reason
it's weird anyway so yeah we got both of
those and we got I got another like
internal assignments the property was
able to release the membranes beautiful
fern yeah he definitely excuse me I
definitely could feel it more this time
it was more pain you know like there was
a bit more pain that I felt because last
time it was just uncomfortable and I was
like and here you know it was just over
but this time yeah it was more like I
was like whoa okay like looking up at
the ceiling like trying to forget but
yeah so I mean I see we're still
obviously hoping to go I think my role
balance I think wants you I would like
that experience
so you know all the while we were
booking in the induction and everything
he was like this could all be for
nothing because you know you could go
yourself and like fingers crossed you
will but like I I want that too like I
want that experience Erica is minding
Amelia so we're gonna make you super our
child three times Rings trilogy so we're
getting some bread some fresh bread
because we've just gotten into this like
jonathan is the biggest waster of food
ever just FYI the biggest ever you think
you can see your biggest consumer of
food no it's because Jonathan always
asks me in the weekly shop Oh get the
spread no no no you can't get it yeah no
but he still asked me to do it and then
what happens he ends up buying fresh
bread every single day I bought in the
weekly shop goes off but it's like some
people like then don't ever ask me to
get bread again ever ask you you do you
always say make sure you get the Pannell
turn oh yes the CD pinellas but when
it's windy when you can't when they
replace them and they give us the crap
Nancy you know then I'm like mm-hmm
I'm like what are you that's not what I
ordered I like CD bread
I like CD boost any ducks want to call
them we're home well mommy's home
Jonathan's just dropping Erica her home
aejong huh what John she's tired it's
like quarter past three
we were held up with the pharmacy
because I had to get some stronger drug
for my little issues at this stage I'm
kind of just like he's not coming on his
own there's just no way my babies just
don't want to leave me which I suppose
is kind
good thing it means that I've created a
nice and comfortable home for them in
there but it's also kind of annoying
sometimes since you're like mine but
yeah it is a good thing it's a sign that
you know kids are healthy so I can't
complain your phone Peppa
shall we have ourselves a little nap
time no time no time shall we have
ourselves a little lap time so we have
only a couple of more sleeps until your
brother's here okay there's no going
back now here's the deadline the
deadline has been set you're not
impressed today yeah give me a smile me
a smile give me a smile that's a smirk
nice laughs oh so just took a probably
like a two-hour nap I'm not if you're
sure we lost track of time and
Jonathan's like any contractions any
pains any anything and the baby has been
well he was like right after the sweep
he was really active and like flapping
around and Aaron like doing all kinds of
somersaults but aside from that I just
kind of I think I just feel normal
but if anything does happen it's gonna
be within the next 48 hours so this
would be a good day look my nails are
painted my hair is washed everything's
ready you could come right now I'll be
fine with that
okay this would be a good time right now
I'm giving you permission you know what
it's gonna be when I've just taken off
all of my makeup if it happens
I'm just broken but if it happened
sporadically it'll be like when I just
take off all of my makeup scrape back my
hair you know when I've just gotten
myself ready for bed when I've just
oiled up the belly and like gotten into
my PJs and I look like crap like the
worst that I could possibly look and you
know it's like right before bed so I'm
do a shower the next more you know that
kind of thing
it's not gonna be like perfect timing or
anything my nails will all be chipped
and it'll be like contractions start or
my waters break or something like that
hi there hey watch what you get that
Bush you know Bush your hair nice job
wow you look so great let's give you a
little mohawk what you're looking for
the Pens Oh bunk
hey bunk you get a little head bunk come
on you wanna head over to play huh
so cool we could make her bed huh so
silly and who's done it yeah
you said that's me that's my name but
wear it out anyway video and cook a
notice off the stroller brought it up
and stuck it on a penny oh it's so cute
all right it merely asked up for the
baby I mean I keep that to the baby give
it to the baby
give it to the baby yeah
Johanna's having contractions we know
what she's having oh you haven't Compton
Lightning crotch things always he said
it was a little crampy what if this is
it
oh my god have him today on April first
and then we'll have to recant her
original statement because we like find
out the quadrants and I know it want to
be a quick delivery what unites distance
became home though you know we'll keep
you informed
hey time Ennis time the time is always
of the desiring lads
what do you think I think Tina's fallen
is he coming is he coming
oh by the way she loves the shower
shower was a good move loves it keep so
excited when I turn it on I get her to
press the button which is octant what do
you think this is the hotel uh-oh
suck in okay good job we have to hurry
up because arriving the baby to him
that's what he's good Hiroki said no I
know when he was anything like jokingly
but then it's like does he know
something you know he had a good fiddle
in there you know maybe he knew maybe
you pressed the button maybe it's like
the immersion where you press the Go
button
it's baby where's your belly button we
should go to burn oh god oh no oh
what what's happenin here climbing
aboard
the door ledge oh my god gentlemen okay
let's not throw up our pizza what are
you talking about
we had cabbage tonight I don't know what
you're talking about that is a very
healthy pizza it's got sweet corn and
brick in spinach chicken she actually
really liked that music did you like
your pizza and your grapes can you say
pizza you say pizza how does that sound
funny bunny shower time say bye to your
friends say bye okay bye bye hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
