good morning from charming kids are we
dad stairs guys I'm wearing these are my
glass little correction Sonny's
concerned when I go inside now boy we're
going to eat at time first time at in
the daytime Jamaican heat ah that is
tasty it's taste you haven't even seen
Vivian in the blog everything did arrive
with us yesterday Vivian's TV video has
a pool in her room we all woke up crazy
early so uh this is so nice it's nice so
nice and warm it's not too hot though
not yet what do you want for breakfast
let's see what they have mr. alright
here's a selection try and find mommy
and Amelia oh there they are over there
what have we got guys oh is that to this
week for ham and cheese wraps for
breakfast guys
Oh Eduardo look over here at right Oh
cereal ooh okay we have these ones here
that Nina called sweetly and you've got
cornflakes
we got something or other and Frosty's
and then I don't know what their I what
do you which one you want yeah why did I
think you were gonna pick that one all
right wait what's this Zoo practice okay
all right first we're gonna need a bowl
mister I think we just like twist this
thing in here like this
nobody saw that nobody say nothing this
is my Jamaican breakfast tomorrow gave
up on the fruit moves and he went for
this last year's happen to do news yeah
having watermelons and a rap let us have
encourage for you
look at him in his hair in the humidity
here like in it you look like a little
Irish girl huh little Irish curly-haired
girl what are you doing
okay before we have to go and have fun
ZZZ I'm gonna make a little video for
you guys
and then I get to go outside in the
tropical sea maybe the sacrifice I'm
making for you ladies and gentlemen to
sacrifice but it's worth it because
we're best friends and that is what best
friends do for each other we're all
ready to go for the beach here we go
here we go one second
hmm is that it is it happened yes that
is ready to hit the pool got the goggles
in the elevator are you ready oh yeah so
when the door opens meaning it could
flood in with water
you're ready to go
alright you ready yeah Oh
straight ahead this way watch out that's
a glass door monkey watch out this way I
mean you know what do you see what do
you guys see oh my goodness look at this
thing that looks so good I dried out
Eduardo hey guys what's he doing oh my
goodness he was just running straight in
nice and toasty oh my goodness guys are
you ready for this thing are you ready
it's explosive luck it keeps exploding
you're gonna get caught in the explosion
you ready
go go go
go go scary
what if you want to go down the slide
like a minion
what was it
I don't want the thing to explode what
I'm here we need one of these in the
head okay that's funny it's gonna take
you so long to move into the house
because we're gonna have to install one
of these wine all right going yeah
friggin wardo ring Eduardo why is this
Gary joins ib2 going
ready
all right Eduardo come on do I know
Eduardo oh no Amelia Amelia
Italian yeah Italian well done guys come
on with Eduardo nice picture
Emilia million Eduardo can you beautiful
formula
come on a miracle just features because
and the baggage to go down
mine
it appeared around the photoshoot good
job everybody what they went in the
water like lean it off the side of her
little boat
alright time for food friends there's
got the food options here am I gonna go
with the one over here which is your
chicken Dave's over there getting an
awesome quesadillas we're heading over
this way like hey I got to church
chicken alright we've come to Vivian's
room and live in has a pool oh goodness
that's a mosquito
oh yeah no mosquito this is so cool if I
need to talk to me this is not good and
Eve too much good of a room I know hello
yo wakey wakey putting Alessia to bed
and just just as we start putting her to
bed
this make drum band kicks off like it's
pretty cool that there's so much cool
stuff like fans and like stuff going on
here it's so cool
so nice here guys oh my goodness
hey kids are all down for Napa over
2,000 not in their room
Betsy's in her room
let's take a triad with log from
nice is it right oh asleep
guys I think somebody's coming he'll
Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo
Eduardo Ford Oh Eduardo come on mister
come on
wake you up you go boy wake up mister
somebody's coming
somebody's coming guys to the room okay
hey Coby Hill it's your hair oh my
goodness I didn't know let's see who it
is let's open the stage up here
you ready and I see ya so in the place
damn there's such a good hotel they
really look after you know but they they
I by the beach later on today they came
up to it and they were like you know she
wants a sense of entertainers to the
room today three kids you know they
don't know if he's coming do you know
whose company me now I know I was
covering it oh my goodness it's gonna
come out of me it's definitely not
Vivian I think you got a bit of Sun
today lads fun yeah wonder who it could
be
well we have to wait here they're gonna
knock in the door is it gonna be honest
yeah oh did you have an ice cream all
right is this did you have a nice sleep
I would like wearing him at home
actually oh okay
oh my goodness guys what's this what's
this you know let the bodies come in
okay I have made a decision
for you that's gonna fit you in the long
run you see anyway tomorrow we're doing
something else we're going somewhere
else okay this trip there's so many
moving parts to it so it's very exciting
but in order to do it I'm not going to
be in a position to put up a video so
I've decided what we want to do is that
I'm gonna turn today into like two vlogs
for you so we're about to head out now
as you can see we're the phone dressed
up
we're about to head out now for tonight
and Jamaica so what I'm gonna do is that
I'm gonna end the vlog here now and then
tomorrow you can watch part two because
I just thought maybe instead of having
no video tomorrow you would more
appreciate if I were to do this in in
like two parts leave me comments and let
me know if I'm correct and I'll know for
future but yeah that's it friends hope
you enjoyed our first day in Jamaica so
we do that there wait wait and see what
do you see what we're actually doing a
job doing thanks watching guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Oh
