Rosie and Robbie found themselves alone
in a train station with no trains about
oh no said Robi where is the Train
hello there so for some reason there's
no context to this video because I just
edited it and it didn't make any sense
whatsoever to me so I thought I would
try and explain to you dogs go for a
walk what he's going on here so this is
the Saturday morning after the Milton
keys after kind of the England tour
dates are all finished and we'd spent
sort of a week away from the kids kind
of I had to go into London that morning
to do some work I will bring the kids
with me Amelia and Eduardo on the train
and into London into central London
where I did some work and then bring
them to like the Lego store in EM world
and we went to the cinema we just served
like had a fun day and then the big
adventure on the way home so that's what
this vlog is I just realized there's no
context I'll never explain Bosch good
block and Jonathan well done anyway
enjoy this presentation all right folks
ladies and gentlemen of the journey
welcome back to Daddy's car so myself
and Anna were slightly foolish last
night but you don't blame us because we
watch the stranger things season 2
episode 1 2 3 4
how's daddy messenger the brakes it was
very exciting
here's a question no we were discussing
hold on hold on let me talk to my
friends for a second here is something
weird is guessing okay if you had to
choose between stranger things or - Oh a
what do you think is better personally
myself and I would go ahead and say the
Oh a is better
I know it's stranger things is more
popular than the Oh a but if you have
not had a chance to watch oh eh it looks
like I'm a Greek lettering or Latin
letter definitely recommended amazing
show on FX see I'm more excited for Oh a
season two than it was for strange
things but stretching is still good it
says that except very good party
elevator party train station elevator
party
you see like our London Victoria London
Victoria 821 let's do one we're looking
for guys I'll come back this way
all right we're all aboard to Train very
exciting Eduardo one for the city in the
middle so he's in a bit of a bit of a
middle seat situation but what are we
excited
oh that says calling at East Croydon
Clapham Junction and London Victoria
what are you hi are you planning snacks
for the movie you want hands as well how
would Hans and the nuns step off careful
be careful
good job all right hold hands everybody
we're gonna show you in a minute hold on
hold his water son say Thank You mr.
train Thank You mr. taine there's no
driver in this one guys you have to
drive yourself okay then all right I'll
sit in the middle guys all aboard
taxi well that's not bone guys that say
you paid for things
it's a magical machine that you just
swipe a card next to and bam oh you can
have anything you want
all right we're in leicester square guys
look at the M&M store and the lego store
oh
the bells what okay so we are now struck
at the lego window because the kid is
the little hand thing here and when you
hold your hand on it it tells you who
you are and we are basically saying Oh
Eduardo you're a ninja Oh
Annina you give it a go see who you get
this time all right you hold your hand
in the thing and then wait for the
lights to go up old lights going off
it's scanning you it's scanning you you
are a magician oh that's exciting
let's see who that is
guys let's see who daddy is let's see
who that is Oh scanning scanning daddy
is
guys is that Daddy we are in Eminem won
a world full with M&Ms huh now and
Eduardo had the train tickets the toy
shop afterwards right - Amelia has
picked some pink M&Ms the afternoon is
very gently otherwise too much goes in
alright she just give it a little pull
oh all right now you've got some light
blue and teal and some pink what to be
next we've got a whole section Hey look
there's like unicorn mix over here I
want you to pull this very gently very
gently whoa okay that wasn't just gentle
as I hoped just fine a little pop hold
it hold it good job
okay you have a lot of Eminem's now yeah
or on the train maybe we can eat
Ellingham ah ah it were told no you're
not supposed to eat them Go Go Go Go Go
we're in City of Westminster M&M Road
okay
oh boy we're at the plate please play
hare place and look at the size of this
monstrosity here is this bigger than
your head of media enjoying the popcorn
guys we do have some vegetables on there
for you dig them in they don't eat them
all okay don't finish everything before
the movie starts
I see
we are going to go past it that you need
to look at and say if you see any
princesses or princes or kings or Queens
or nice jesters Joker's or Joker you
ready
they already look at the window right
Wow look at her
the real princess on there and a prince
live in there yeah she noticed I think
the prince is your age
see never know game play our cards right
I mean you could mighty Prince a man
you'd be a princess yeah I think I I
think I became that not sure how that
works
now we must find the train station keep
up oh yeah I can't carry we're almost
there just stand there almost giving
handies we're so close right oh you're
doing so well
so are you Amelia okay
London is like Oh Jeff why there's a lot
of people here is in there was a lot of
people in London town wowsers we're not
in our little town Rosie and Robbie
found themselves alone in a train
station with no trains of Alice
Robbie tart oh good thing I have my
fruit juice that way we'll be okay
Rosie talked to herself good thing I've
got my big bag of M&Ms I'll be okay
Robbie wondered what Rosie share with
him
Rosie said to herself and Rosie and
Robbie decided they'd be okay everything
would work out in the end Robbie and
Rosie were now sitting at the train
station but their train was nowhere in
sight the train conductor walked on like
nothing was happening when Rosie found
herself with a little innocent smoothie
hat that she had now put on her fruit
chute
Rosie's heart was wonderful then there
was an announcement
well electrons cancel it had a platform
alteration but we were down here where
our trains are usually from but then it
got changed to a platform way up there
and the other side of translation and I
had this little fella here with me
hello and I had this girl here and there
was no hope and hurry that we were gonna
make it but we tried we tried but we
just got there as the train pulled away
so that was unfortunate wasn't it what
we weren't you anyone's loads people wid
kids didn't make it because you can't
just run don't do that wired oh look at
him look at him oh boy he's especially
he's a special man he's a special little
fella Eduardo Eduardo no anyway so now
we have to wait another 25 minutes
Oh before the next train the floor is
lava the train station lava well
hopefully hopefully this train comes
nice and smoothly but we're gonna have
to actually literally live here Eduardo
what kind of a move is this alright
train is here but we've decided we're
going to go up to the front of the Train
and we're going to drive the train
careful Eduardo walk your sister did
anyone bring the keys to the Train
No hey come on let's go all the way to
the front guys we're gonna try to Train
alright alright I know the special
button inside to drive the train guys
yeah it's gonna be so much fun we are
back in the salad bar we're back in town
okay come on
come on cheese in tomato all right in
this if usage let's get a meteor as
uniform push the door open so we made it
home hello hello hello little monkey
what do you mean you want your pudding
pudding hey Eduardo isn't finished
eating his Tomatoes yeah okay oh and the
duckies are here
hello dummies no don't you know me and
Fyodor and Cena hmm Nevaeh and skeleton
and speaker Ella and squee me we me and
a little mum your ear mmm
brains brains what you want
what pudding lunch pudding when does
that become a thing
so the other day Eric it was telling us
that there's wasps in the house
yeah and they found giant the giant wasp
and she was saying there's a hornet well
it turned out there was actual wasps
there's a wasp nest guys and that was a
queen that Erika found and now the wasp
nest is trying to create a new queen I
don't know if you can see it it's right
in there I know you can see it though
the guys gonna take care of it now
look it has all the wasp stuff hmm okay
we're here to watch bass guys you want
to go ahead and eat the man is that what
you're thinking but the door look at
them all what we have to wear a scary
mask no look he's putting a big heat
mask on yeah look look Oh Samantha bee
keeper guys what did that have they
doesn't like the painter that watches
our hex
all right another piece war Oh little
Tuscany nice guy smells we walk around
the back of restaurants I don't know
what you'd walk around about your
rations but if you do it smells great
all right yours has been done it's at
the new uniforms for the kids have all
been thanks I think somebody's kissed
our baby tell me the truth now did
somebody give you a kiss somebody kiss
you good day you're gonna pick Miranda
sings give you a kiss all right
fireworks going on in the road and we've
come up here let's see if we can see the
fireworks okay there's some fireworks
going on but look at the sunset guys did
you see the sunset out there that's so
pretty
I think you guys are appreciating how
pretty that is that there the fireworks
is people send fireworks off somewhere
else yeah we have fireworks in a
basement guys maybe we should decent
will we well not right now cause we're
not prepared but maybe tomorrow night
you think if you fire off a few cuz
you're a lightning what doesn't look
like it looks like that that family have
stopped firing fireworks off guys you
know in Arlington not and I do it in
media but glad we live in England
exactly we can go fireworks Matt over
here willy-nilly they think
say
