okay imagine your water broke myths
taking this photograph when FPL arias
haha okay okay ready
you ready here you go go skittish kick
okay try pick her up that's what we're
looking for
now you gonna pick it a bit look at the
baby
hello and welcome to the 31st of March
where's the baby I was promised a baby
in this date okay you there you there
you get an eviction
you're like she's already a week overdue
don't you yeah yeah cuz it's 24th yeah
come on give me two weeks overdue I
figure out because he's not here yet
obviously although I didn't touch his
having baby last night I'm going to have
I'm gonna make a little eviction notice
Engel will put it on my dad will be my
thousand Instagram pic you know cuz
that'll be a good look if they don't get
him I was like at least I get that yeah
yeah you guys many guys around back then
we did that with Amelia for tomorrow
we're going into a CDO B and pick a date
pick a date look you think he's some
comments give some dates suggestions
yeah I like I like the 25th of April
how's that for you or a 14 let me go 14
to the 14 what month is the 14 December
Helen Burke a Denver Denver my Cheney
does invent the key temper in fact like
two more months yeah just to be
important to 14 to 14 14 that would mean
you has been pregnant 110 months though
how do you feel about that no thanks all
right I must the park have to go anymore
Snorri Loomis moose meat is having the
lols downstairs I can hear the
destruction Erica came with Danish
yesterday my god get out of the oven
what are you doing in the oven but he
did in the oven
Hey I feel bye-bye
they're just landing on my legs okay
all the bee's knees is gone when it'd be
cooler BAM
if weather was a voting system we can
vote on wetter
you know like everyone in the country
could like wake up press a button you
know we could like choose like today I
think I would like to make it rings
March Nate why would someone choose
Randy no I think he would though I'd be
kind of sick of it and it was like oh
yeah like I don't know words did not
rain
this is a harder desert I don't know
like California or something I'd be like
yeah but I bet you get sick of it not
raining there about this place is where
you get tire wear I wonder where it is
like most optimal perfect you know our
car is missing it's perfect weather but
you don't like this on a perfect weather
like you know when it's like snowy
Christmas sunny in the summer autumn and
autumn spring in spring you know I
wonder where that is you would call when
you guys live in that place look at art
good and look at Amelia she looks so
cute oh my god
is this oh man wait coming on Oh is she
calling you yeah oh you're fallin off
the head and everyone remembered in this
apparent you remembered it up why I did
let's try to do you use Erica you go
hold on wait folks use on go christen
her shoes
yeah like dude
I know she kind of hangs up like it's
always fun all right my turn my turn
let me on ready gotta say ready doc
martens no oh number Jack's oh I'm a
lumberjack and I'm okay let's be ball
nut and I work all day I cook down trees
I wear high heels it's been fun oh it's
a bunch of patents on you may not
remember them
do you member much Titan hi hi
and I mean it was disturbed and it is
disturbed it's just in general
uh-oh some serious cheating going on and
it's decided to give up I'm having a
baby and she's deciding to just have the
baby you just gotta have it now enough
of this
you know how that's simmering like you
know you've got it on a low heat now
it's a simmer is it a fan oven yeah well
you see finals are quicker ready yeah
did a conventional oven
Vishal where the things to cuddle I
think about it 20 minutes hmm
Snape rush just glassy days just an
iMessage like I don't know I wasn't
invited I found no but think about it
it's Monday March Tuesday we're making a
date tomorrow we're gonna set a date no
you know well by then this week this is
it it's the final countdown it's gotta
think that punch it bones we've got a
old school old school with population
huh get the milk into you
practice oh oh yes that's why the clever
pals aren't we oh think I forgot me
comment if your 5 o'clock look it is
carry on she's on a scooter Oh traffic
baby how did you
whoa one hand please
yes I made miss you're so funny friend
Oh Oh backwards now I got it I got you
you're gonna walk it let me know you got
rollerblades huh
rollerskates kinda yeah did you catch it
hello oh my god you look so funny
don't fall back come on let's see if we
can move okay go go go they're not fancy
ones like these ones but oh look we're
making the event well Anna's making the
eviction notice because Anna's got
skills at the old artwork I am a graphic
I am a digital artist and it is a real
artist a real world artist Amelia of
course is expressing yourself express
yourself don't repress yourself express
yourself dress yourself cure that Sun
have you got it although I've cause I
was trying to figure it out
right is I'm telling you this now
because for you guys it's already a
before se but I was trying to hang of a
really good April Fool's and I was
waiting to see with the baby calm then
he might come tonight
but I don't think he is at this point
really I don't know maybe he'll take the
eviction notice seriously yeah you know
he's like ok sorry excuse me
you know Papa and then we have the baby
and then my whole thing will be
redundant which should be kind of funny
but I'm actually doing - April Fool's
tomorrow one of them while
funnily enough I was approached by AM
what I'd like is to do an M restaurant
you'll see I probably tweeted it
tomorrow morning so you've probably seen
already that are officially launching
this doggy and quill Mitchell and star
restaurant in central London I mean if
that were real I know but they're doing
such an effort because they've sent me
the menus and the pictures and sup and
they're sending an official invitation
for all the dogs individually to go to
the lunch of this thing and god I know
they're like oh we love you can help us
be involved in this because how many
people have six dogs you know so I'll be
this morning you probably saw I was
tweeting at it like oh my god we got
invites this thing that's cute to be
involved in a neighbor feels like I
honestly like if I had been tricked I
would get so excited I know it's perfect
okay oh hey so what I'm gonna do right
now I'll show you what I'm doing I'm
gonna get a screen shot of an ax in her
County and her pink county everyone
knows we're getting a blue guarantee
this year so I'm gonna do a color
subtraction which is a way where I can
take um color information so I'll try to
out fine Alpine bed pin drop the pink
I'll subtract all the paint from I don't
try and replace it with the blue so we
have a photo and I'll put it up in
Instagram like tomorrow morning Eddie
tomorrow morning Nov and out with a
newborn in a flew guarantee now I know
your hair is different and so I didn't
really want to make it too realistic
because I was I don't wanna I don't
upset anybody because I know everyone's
super excited for jr. but I was like I
have to do it for the lulz but also we
give him a funny name
yeah we'll give you funny name - I don't
know what it is yet what did I call them
hey don't stop on your key part
immediate our new pair of shoes I love
it I love it it's called a teapot real
screen in fashion huh
you changing all the rules couture
fashion by Amelia the teapot
available in all imaginary stores here
we go folks
my thousand my 1000 Instagram picture
there's a lot a lot of planning goes
into this a lot of planning going into
the shutter there is got to notice we're
gonna get try and get Amelia to point at
the belly as if she's demanding her
brother to come out okay
imagine your water broke miss taking
this photograph what an appeal arias
haha okay okay ready you ready you come
here you want to come here you go go
skadoosh
good okay try bigger up that's what
we're looking for
now you're gonna pick at the bit look at
the baby
Amelia
me yeah okay daddy yeah
Amelia say cheese I mean yeah nobody so
that one of those you know those that
promo people that has like a message
board and they're so thank you are you
protesting are you protesting tonight
Amelia is having a sandwich
presented by mummy and I'm making
yourself a looker I'm gonna do you think
they're really bad one
he's having a boiled egg as well no it's
a yeah yeah I'm several different dinner
yeah oh she's on you know I got a good
sandwich show like no no yeah yeah she's
fun I can eat that much just tons there
I'm going to Wow any wait up because
this is this is for us here I'm gonna
add a some Chili's have to baby come
along have the baby come along huh
cheese tax preach sorry sorry
goodie he's good alright let's add some
cherries so here's one shots I'm trying
to grab so this is the ad is the video
and we just pull off a screenshot of
this here but this is the video here so
I'm trying to find a shot that's a you
know I don't want it to be too that I
don't want I don't want to trick people
for too long but I just want a shot that
kind of shows make you feel important
and you get in Photoshop I'm gonna put a
Photoshop here alright so we get the
shot in here um I think I just I need to
identify the color on looking at the
wrong thing
where's me where's me where's me jump up
all right so let's check it the cutter
so is we're looking at here - you find a
copy that so we can have an
identification we're going to do is
we're going to try and color suppress
all of this add and swap it with a blue
all I'm gonna do it looks like okay so
as you see I have some color adjustments
and stuff there but at there you go this
is so funny I don't want it to be too
exact you know but I think that's kind
of cool did you bother by April Fool's
joke look here it is I just testing on
Instagram but look up the top corner is
a pink nail so see any red spots ACK see
if anyone spots that friend see if they
really know it all let me know who's
that
alright who's that it's been a boy oh is
that yes mama
and hey is that jr. oh yeah oh man it's
gonna be so much fun job jokes she saved
me you see I was listening oh my I said
hmm don't tie them to the doggies yeah
that's right
he's in there he's in there can you push
to your wherever it is any of it can't
have raisins Tito who's in there he's
the baby
hello you're late he's officially late
y'all do you love your brother
she loves raisins right yeah do you love
your person who do you love more raisins
or butter we go
dito good answer Tito the seat oh wow
all right we better go to be Edie
they're not say those words
can you once that spell be Edie should
we go and take a
I do say goodbye ah come on cute
tomorrow bye
let's leave you guys inside the belly
and tell him to come out if you see him
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
