happy Mother's Day wrong I snuck out
this morning
happy Mother's Day to me I was thinking
maybe I would get a baby for Mother's
Day this year
I don't know was last I keep trying to I
get was so confused was last year my
first Mother's Day I think it was right
yeah it was the first year that I had at
me Mia yeah of course it was so this is
technically it's my second Mother's Day
but how crazy is that that like one
Mother's Day I have one kid and then the
next year I have two that's pretty fast
I mean I don't technically have to but
you know what I mean cuz I'm joking
morning guys
when friends welcome to lucky you know
day two days in Ireland Mother's Day
mother I probably probably mother's a
different at different times arm
different dates I think you are hanging
share the same Mother's Day I think so
I'll in the car we share a lot share
like we're like friends hi hi England
it's your friend Arnold over here can I
have a few cheeks
Amelia asked me to get that for Anna
whatever my super I said where don't go
to set you yourself you lazy pop she's
like I know that I'm gonna distract her
with like wrecking the house you go off
again
so happy Mother's Day Jenny you mothers
out there you mother but I woke up in
such a good mood because I had had such
a good night's sleep and I was said to
Jonathan I like where the dogs were
really cooperative like they didn't you
know wake up
curvier to a weird time or anything like
that and he was like what are you
talking about I was up and down to them
like three times last night and then
they woke him in the ass 3:00 a.m. and I
was just like oh okay
never mind so poor Jonathan well like
Amelia woke up but she didn't actually
like she went back to sleep after but
yeah apparently the dogs were pretty bad
last night then I slept through it but
I'm glad I slept through it because I
keep scaring myself into thinking that
when I go into labor I'm gonna be so
exhausted and there won't be people I
don't have like the energy give me this
mama
this morning I figure she might be able
to hold it isn't anything I want to show
her she did say no look it says my
name's actually Peggy oh yeah I know
come on
hop out there now yeah we'll accept
we'll accept an arrival we got a party
yesterday
yeah oh yeah we're not around today oh
it's this see a big one for our
chocolate and the small ones were normal
that one's broken you we already have
these yeah I know sitting they gave you
there today but these are fresh oh so
what now for a Father's Day well super
Grahams are the chairs
oh she isn't this is the greatest
sausage is known to mankind
don't even bother arguing with me that
you know better sausages because I have
an entire nation behind me backing me up
on this one
see if Equinox just twelve award-winning
sausages all right they've won twelve
words or the top sausages I think
there's 12 sausages they got first prize
though I know reports they're available
in Sentra this company here super
quickly closed down but those Oprah or
people took to the right government Sal
laws were changed and they brought back
a super Quinn's I was just and I must
alright let's H pop H pop pop can you
find the Acorn
from enough oh my friend blossom wants
to play peek-a-boo with you yeah cool ah
because she's so obsessed my phone's
right now and calling and pretend II
called pistol it's a baby first app and
you can call all the characters oh goody
cool actually
okay so being that juniors coming on
April 1st my dad said he write Oh
careful careful now his name is written
in all these boxes no no sneaking don't
sneak in a pig so we need to remove
Amelia's car really is one made bed and
bed probably the clothes stuff here the
check be careful I am
this is Junior's bag need to get it in
because we're gonna put it in beside our
bed just so we can get use of it again
having it there cuz that's what he's
gonna be for the first well I probably I
would say this time around you do
everything quicker I'd say the second
time you know it took me captain me I
think in our bed in our bedroom for
about like eight months wasn't it I
think is about eight months where I say
Junior I say it'll happen a lot faster
you know because you're not as nervous
to move him so I think we had a media in
our bed sleeping in between us for about
six months or something like that you
know
where's these are you afraid to I put
them in another bed and then put them in
another room and then about 20 years
we'll have to put her in another house
let's not talk about that yeah so I
think what junior would be like for the
first night I'll keep him into bed
second I put him in the co-sleeper I'm
by the first weekend he'd be in his own
room and then maybe by the sec by the
second one she might have his own
apartment you know takes 90 chill time
get some lunch friends dance online
Freddie get some lunch friend get some
lunch break
my friend huh you go
now's our chance now's our chance you
can turn it off you know about 15 hours
it's a check
yes look yeah exactly that's enough
Hey why - hi Zane hello hey McFly are
you doing what the hell are you doing it
really is a double stroller look you
don't even need the bottom part okay we
can put jr. up the top here let me just
have media under here
nananananananananananana
Dylan ten ten ten ten ten ten
oh my god so Jonathan told me he was
doing this like he were bringing the
co-sleeper up but like I did not I
wasn't prepared for like my reaction
when I saw it like I almost misprint
cousin maybe as a sweep but um I don't
know I just I got a shot honestly when I
came into the room and I saw this it
just made it so much more real that
there's a baby coming and I'm just like
oh look I feel like I'm gonna cry all
right now oh it's pouring right now it's
it
I had a better maybe a little bit over
here maybe this closer turn out nah so I
hear me I waking up now and it's already
like six o'clock she's left a really
long time oh hey pretty girl
hi i reflection you yes me very nice
okay yeah I know buddy yes I care for
you when do you go there Tarzan where
any an hour to 15 minutes ago
come on time to get ready
mmm aren't brains drive me crazy stop
stop Jonathan you'll break it
stop Jonathan come on please stop it
it's only wooden bars in there come on
it's daddy doing it here
that's not funny obviously I'm holding
myself oh I know but they could break
like that's you know for two kids so fun
I know but I don't want to break it you
won't you already broke the bed is
breaking which by the way you haven't
fixed charge it out without wedging
myself okay okay yeah I mean some
comments on today's video thank you
right mommy's car
I gotta say oh no no no no no can't you
have to do it mom and then they make a
love hunt
I'll search and then say like hang for
oh yes it's pretty good one season where
it's an extra software I like to make
the stuff there
she took it out of the envelope what
yeah you know but that was her that was
all heard I wasn't any of me seriously I
didn't write it at all that was her she
said scribbled on it I was trying to say
thanks for being a great mom but it
happened so so funny though she took it
in them I know thank you
hmm we know I mean eh you'll learn mom's
new cards that's more important in the
present is the card I have only learned
this as an older man what then I leave
in um what is it wait what what did we
drawn up a chart on page one okay
there's actually multiple pages put it
back in
oh yeah you want to put that away there
so next year you just scrape it off as a
father for Father's Day
we need to head home but she had a nice
time and then I actually got to talk to
Amelia's great-grandma who we we
actually sent her a cart and she got it
on time which I was really happy because
I didn't know if she would or not um
careful okay careful with the box see
this is what she does in her bows in her
room she opens her box and then she
throws all her fault
hers is tiny compared sucks
what are you doing you're a weirdo also
she loves the sound system in here cuz
we don't have anything like that you
know we don't play music but he let you
know or nothing this is really loud what
she's just used to like the car radio
and stuff like that so when the music is
on here and it's like the big fan system
she thinks it's so cool new singing
immediacy baa baa black sheep are you
doing so maybe is enjoy your dinner I
was having contractions oh whatever it
was but don't you mean you know the
difference cuz a contraction is like
what's I just like in your pelvis it's
like he's throwing his head down let's
see imagine imagine okay he started
doing this like just just before I was
leaving and then I was like trying to
get his spots what if I have a
contraction in the car devil doesn't
hear huh
hello Co is waiting for you it's looks
amazing
oh yeah yeah no problem
now let's get you in labor Amelia's the
baby and he has the baby are you the
baby hmm
I'm gonna baby just put your cover right
the government have our shower I know
you get her to flick on everything and
you let her close the curtains
everything and then she just turned ray
I was like mama do you remember this you
remember this we're just in you a little
baby huh not a baby anymore hmm not a
baby anymore little baby it always
be like Oh baby no matter how old you
become no matter how old you ever are
you'll always be my little baby girl
even when you're married even when you
have your own children and I'm seven
hundred million years old I can't talk
and I'm sitting in that chair in the
corner I love you forever
now take it my dear friends say
night-night friend say bye bye say bye
bye yeah so darn cute here's out cute
Amelia Thomasina hmm oh yeah
see your brother is askew huh see you
guys tomorrow on our official due date
official official due date friend
I still haven't posted my thousand
Instagram pictures so can I could be
tonight see you guys tomorrow say night
oh you already did doodles hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
