oh wow in the roof open
oh god I was gonna do Halloween cruel
like no no no no stop me
good morning on welco who the vlog are
to the last one who would like this as
an opera and operatic presentation this
our bride presentations be brought to
you by my imagination Thank You
imagination
Bravo hey I say here it is you know I
walked in to get the Irish Independent
okay where's Ian bought the Irish Times
got back into the car started the car
move forward looked over like a bike in
about the Irish independence by that
yeah look oh boy oh boy let's just hide
that one night anyway yeah this is
somebody so buy something if you would
pick it up um every right I'll try and
check my facebook or my Twitter just
procured its online yeah but there
probably be an online version of it
floating about if you want to give it no
read so it's Mother's Day tomorrow or
today for you guys because you're
watching um the day after so I am baking
some Mother's Day cupcake Peppa Peppa
has a crown look her crown and her
pretty dress because I'm making I've
actually baked these before but I made
it into a big cake I don't know if you
guys remember I think was for my mom's
birthday last year yeah I think it was
her birthday cake I baked this into a
massive huge cake like huge cupcake for
her let's take them all down
we take them all down ha loads of
peppers yay so can I just stop here
please - pepper
Thank You Peppa thank you
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go up here up here up
here
ok Amenia need to pick mommy a card ok
which when we go for step mom no it's
not happy with you does it a joke if it
doesn't want to be you want to run
around and cause mayhem don't you yeah
but this will look to a brilliant mom no
no it didn't work and granny right this
one whoa you're done I'm gonna take
that's a no so I sent Anna off for like
15 minutes she's in next rise we're
gonna sneak up here to get her a
Mother's Day present and legit Mother's
Day present but I ask you it looks like
what a media she's deaf from Judith
are you in for our mercy so we'll come
here does Oh No
pick something for mommy pick something
to mommy thank you
okay okay I'll let you down I'll let you
down don't don't jeez don't pay that is
what you want
can we get her same say one of the hello
the stroller this roller then she likes
that's kind of stuff and I think she's
gonna watch us so for Mother's Day
Amelia has thought that I might like a
big Hello Kitty that what you're
thinking friends hello
you dancing in the mirror happy Mother's
Day mom I got you a Hello Kitty toys so
this is crazy
watch I know running is noisy like it
stopped at the last time which means
stop grown-ups yes no you have to pick
one pick one which one we want this one
it kind of all of them they actually are
you gonna take off okay does it pick way
to speak of the trio which me one you
can only have one I'll let you have one
you want that one okay let's go let's go
every time we go to the next you always
picks up that Hello Kitty valise I just
commit say goodbye
oh my god slashing right all right scope
test Oh me got me that me where you can
post hope it's mommy
okay go go go go
whoa Wow yogi you can switch your fights
are falling back it's it's an escalator
friends you're so cute well mom - hello
kidding but they be careful here be
careful here
you going around sniffing everything you
can see think oh we got mommy these ones
don't pick them you can sniff them no
peeking
come on light wetter change slight
change in the wetter you know how cute
you are
you have ideas these are cute
where are you yeah
I'll bail out what happened here new
toothbrush and new toupee for grown-ups
Wow huh new set of toothpaste and
toothbrush huh
you're a big girl now hmm oh my god
soaked salsa for everyone soaked so we
also it cost us two euro we're
abandoning our trolley so any you guys
want a free euro come to Mountain Pointe
this spot right here right there that's
Raleigh there has a euro in it primed
and ready to go no came out of nowhere
oh my goodness Stormin huh we got back
anyway
soaked so calm for a stroke hungry yeah
stay awake bad day away we're gonna stay
awake yeah open those eyes no power not
in the car Nunnally
oh wait an Erica she has like amazing
power enough I'm telling you five
minutes in the car she'll go for there
five hours I know I need my Wow in the
roof oh oh hello we we could like no
no no stop you know that's me what stop
oh hi there
time oh yeah she is she is ezel like she
will go to sleep for like five two
minutes and then that's it for nap times
like I work even though she naps usually
for like two sometimes three even hours
we had on this house
oh look rattle with us yeah let's go
happy oh my god that's like Ted I have
ourselves on now like oh my god oMG I
want to have a nap would you like to
have a nap with me we could be like look
Napster's you and I Oh
so know what doc hold on we're having a
nap that's fine you just Akitas fan
thank you
you think that I just put my first batch
in the oven this is so good
oh you know how you're not allowed have
raw egg when you're pregnant or not I
have cake batter or cookie dough it
kills me kills me still I love that I
just put in my first in there and it
makes 24 so that's right
sorry about the chewing gum on camera
but the heartburn it's good for stopping
heartburn so that's why I do it
I've been doing it more often but look
at the cute cupcake cases I got these
from TK Maxx they're like cute Mother's
Day kind of ones so Jonathan is watching
helix Jonathan Suzanne just hoovered
only a plate a plate
everybody needs like a mouth opponent
you're such an idiot
don't stop you freak um Jonathan wanted
one without well actually no he wanted
one because they're warm they're warm
well that little hell smells so good mmm
I forgot to put in the chocolate chips
oh oh you know eat something it is so
horrible you're so mean you'll always
just say something mean just to just to
say something where mmhmm yeah
oh I was just thinking not oh really mmm
anyway maybe it's because the something
missing is the icing that I have to put
on your board you will try one no right
with the other with the because it's the
cream cheese there's no butter in the
frosting because there's like shave
chocolate on top and like do you like
that you like it though I've worn
product would you put Ritz biscuits no
oh my goodness I'm going into town to
pick up Erica holy crap
the weather summer is over again but
super stormy look at that red even see
in front of you I mean yeah I mean there
Ameena oh look look what you guys look
at you guys showing you that oh my god
that's so cute oh my goodness so Ana is
giving away all our cupcakes don't get
any now oh oh yeah but it's double up
double up
you missed yeah you missed out though
unless of course he comes tonight or
tomorrow then you get double presents so
this phone is for me what if we made
over here huh
this mugger I like the peas and ham it's
probably pasta and some sort of a
chicken and tomato sauce sounds good oh
my favorite
yum-yum um would you make a cheap pizza
or chicken pizza nice chicken pizza hola
oh yeah come on you gotta sit down
friend
come here oh yeah no stealing the
cupcakes okay see it's time cupcake time
oh my because they're sit down if you
cook them in oh thank you hey Thank You
Alma here take this example
Oh she'll make it work love it in lob it
in wait not yet
mommy made them in front of you two
minute mmm so cute I know she she knows
what they aren't oh look she's got
better I remember she's just rammed the
whole thing in she's paused wonderful I
picked a whole enjoy me to unwrap it
look they open it would you kind of
getting all the cream cheese yeah
chocolate
you
you
all right come on Amelia let's go home
okay oh that's that's me in there and I
yeah she's pretty good to be back for a
abandoned toy Amelia come on mate you
got abandoned boy 1 come on
bigger toyed abandon it's good it's good
get you can hmm okay say goodbye to your
friends to your friends what Oh jeepers
all right come on okay bye bye oh my god
it's ready come on hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
