the key
good happy morning Friday Saturday for
you guys seven it's the weekend it's the
weekend and if you're looking you can
owe me a favor whether you get the
castle right corner wait there's enough
for everyone there's enough for everyone
oh that can make any jump off the ledge
Erika came with tweets today good you
bought my goodness
Bianca Yankee Navy bank and ABC
physicist seats under cysts look at that
Tito is just trying to enjoy place to
live a red bow somebody being confusion
that the rumors Tito the girl hey Jenny
cleaning up
and I just recorded the 40 week and we
think the last photos ever the plan is
not to upload that video that's the goal
don't upload that video I hope you guys
never see that video oh you're right
steal the mat on its back let's write it
so we just say because we're taking the
pictures and we're like oh no I hope you
never use this shot
wizzy it was open when they all over em
we're going into John on Tuesday so well
hopefully you wanted to put it up have a
baby this weekend if you're not busy if
you've nothing else going on
jerk one have a baby
like every
punch out
because she can't gank me
so dropping Amelia and Erika off Hanna's
mom's as for like an hour or two we have
to go up and do some little personal
stuff and it's probably best if you
didn't have a small child running around
causing havoc whilst doing that so it
did drop ruff was he got a swing by the
Popo so you gotta have fun Amelia gonna
sing all my songs but every do don't let
her go sleep Erica she yeah yeah she
thinking that last night went really
well as I was like the absolute
perfection
she went down about nine and then she
woke up at about nine and the dogs even
weren't happy nothing yeah they were
pretty good as well behaved so I was a
perfect night there was no disruptions
like the night before so hopefully
tonight it'll be a replay of that
because we're on to the finale of true
detective is a culture exactly yeah oh
it's so good and you guys watching that
yeah we only go we got into it late but
I know you've been catching up and
running the last one tonight oh I don't
any disturbances you get up that step
you want to come down again that's not
gonna make Nicky come over we're home
immediate sleep upstairs in bed
everything worked out well we've got
some vintage cheese indigo because it is
Hardy vintage he does that's what
happens that's your fault for sending
too many treats - I'll be in the P o box
I know okay this week this week tours
nope there's nothing probably this week
hey sweetie yeah this is mine okay lb
huh if you guys would like to send me
don't don't don't send him anything
yeah cancer that's your cheese all right
oh geez that's your allocated cheese
this is what oh my goodness well that's
your ration for today gun
will you make my sesame sorry the good
roll over garden Oh is there a sweet
corn for me yes all right so I don't
know is it that I'm it's party that I'm
nesting actually but I just have this
like anxiety today but I don't have
enough stuff done that probably isn't it
make sense for everything but basically
like I have all my videos filmed or
pontil like Wednesday of next week and
so I'm three videos film for next week
but I don't and I have the one for today
done and edited and everything but I
don't have the ones for next week edit
and today I just felt like I was
some kind of a meltdown because I didn't
have them edit it and like upload it and
schedule it and just like ready which is
actually ridiculous when I think about
it because I already have so much done
but I just feel like there's so much
more I have to do you know like its
total nesting brain like this is just
what happens to you at the end of the
pregnancy you just get into like this
crazy like have to have everything done
and everything has to be organized and
well at least I I'm like that anyway but
I get even more so like that when I'm
pregnant
especially in the last week's so like
all my laundry has to be up to date like
online videos not be up to date
groceries everything just like
everything that has has to be clean all
the time and Erica is actually amazing
because when she looks after Emilia she
never lets it get to because she knows
I'm like that she never lets it get too
messy or crazy and she liked hides away
her toys and she's just so good at that
and I really really appreciate that
about her it's like you know I couldn't
ask for anything better
it's amazing every time I hear her
playing with her and they have lots of
fun together in the media throws things
everywhere and then I come into the room
where I come downstairs or upstairs or
wherever they are and Erica has it all
under control and it's all being like
put away it's amazing so invest in a
younger sister they're they're
invaluable at times like these but
anyway so I'm trying to get stuff done
but I know I should probably sleep as
well because I am always tired it's just
like a vicious circle I said I can't
believe the baby is gonna be here soon
like I feel ready but I don't feel ready
it's very conflicting good morning again
my little family is friend this is my
friend news friend she's sure wonder
what her friend his friend is one of
these come on let's go let me carry you
let me carry you
what you want I gotta carry your window
and everybody you can't go out that way
dad you're back going though
so we're gonna go and get our num nums
now we knew because it was Friday we're
gonna get takeout and Boyett or we told
him I have to post in the hospital zone
yeah that's what you get by the way in
Irish hospital systems be in toasty and
hose and then you never freaking poop
for the entire week because it's so bad
for you like there's no fiber or like
it's all white bread and like so bad for
you and the nurses even say it they're
like have you had a bowel movement yet
and I'm like no because I'm just eating
white bread
I'm tea a toast addy it doesn't even us
and they're like days and they always
say like yeah I know you probably
haven't had a bowel movement yet because
the food you get here is it's not that
it's bad it's just that it's it's not
it's not like super healthy so you don't
end up going and then you have to go
before you leave the home where's
mommy's ears first mommy's ears as long
as this toaster daddy's busy daddy
there's mommy nurse where's mommy's ears
look look I mean my knees being that
they're legit yeah she's my lips they
just touch your ear I think she's going
for the hug - thank you
I leave in this shot what's going on
you're the worst blogger where's baby Oh
mmm that's a baby coming in well it's
the baby color
ya know she said okay guys you gonna
mind the house - why not - inna
ah I missed it I ruined the tires can
attorneys hung up I rendered so I spent
my what Friday nights at red lights I
mean to ruin a red light district but
you guys know this is the red light
district of course it's burning nasty as
long as it says right see once it goes
green it goes like there we go it's okay
it's safe now hey hey you there are you
there oh my goodness that girl she's
living on the edge this is this is what
crazy Cork is like in a Friday night
mental oh oh oh that's your singing you
sing that song when you drive
determination I see you keep all the
baton anyway is it sing the song singing
/ black sheep down come on meat chickens
running a cone freakin chicken
chicken Oh be good name for like a
chicken takeout place freakin chicken
till I get a large chicken frickin place
but a cold sort of lickin a cold sore
you pay action for a second like can I
get my freakin chicken lickin can I get
some people so natural you know that
word you know you have that natural not
ability but uh to do something I can't
think the word is you know what AM media
I think Emilia could be an amazing mover
would you be an amazing mover friend if
you got the ball she likes to take
things from one area this area here and
she's moving all of it here we saw
yesterday you were great you packed the
car brought you training her for moving
you know you're like this I mean you see
this house and you see the other house
over there we need to move everything
from this house over to that house can
you do that for me what are you doing
kik-kik Oh
shot what what then like that light and
light
oh sorry again again oh sorry mean it oh
sorry Ganga what is the word a doctor to
its aptitude we figured it out thank you
so let's go from the top again
she has a natural aptitude huh
it's pointy right when I was in M
transition year in school I did an
aptitude test right Amaya I had really
high speed accuracy and
and my blood guidance counselor right he
said to me it's like you should totally
get into like an computer design or you
know software animation something mother
was an animation back then but is like
and I was like no we're going into that
mine no way mine you know I mean ten
years later after leaving school I went
back to university and I stood
interactive media and I always remember
that going like damn you mister once I
sure listen to you huh
so my lesson is whatever those aptitude
tests say sometimes they might be right
and you could save yourself a lot of
time if you actually just go and do
whatever your guidance counselor says to
do cuz he's probably right all right
folks
bah-choo Mike we should turn into batch
behind make sure that you guys off have
a good day have a good rest of your day
huh
the third is happening folks you know
what that's called mad lights oh that's
a little bit cold in there okay I see
you guys tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Joely
- don't forget to like the video
and favorite this video because there
will be
