just a spoonful of couple makes the baby
go asleep ego asleep thank you it is
just rounds it in beer dad
good morning guys we had the worst night
ever a lot of things like ever ever ever
hi do you want to explain what happened
explain so Amelia has always been an
amazing sleeper as you guys know she's
always slept really really loud I'm sure
the baby last night I don't know what
happened but she would not go down like
clones right put her dad
we tried from that 9:00 till it was
almost it was closer to 11 when we
eventually got her to settle down she
kept getting off standing up crying she
checked her not me you checked it didn't
seem like she was sick or anything
she was gnawing on her like sucking on
her hands a lot which she doesn't
usually do so possibly its teething
going to bed at like midnight and then
she woke up again at half-past three and
the same thing happened she would not go
down like Jonathan and I tried rocking
her we tried singing to her we tried all
different things were in there until
half past four so yeah they're no they
still don't know love
she's like take care of him I'm your
mummy
what are you what's your deal
what's your deal yeah you look really
pretty today
I was thinking about this morning you do
for 49 plus what are you healthy 39 plus
six four
the most unfunny thing to do with a
large vehicle is to drive in this car
park I don't even like my cars and even
not big and I hate it
in fact I don't think I've ever done
this one in my car
have you not not really driving I don't
think so because it's scary it's so
tight like when I was doing my driving
lesson I did it in the beetle oh that
was actually mmm-hmm I mean it was scary
at the time because I was learning but
when I think about it now the beetle is
tiny
yeah but monster yeah we have another
monster problem mm-hmm monster in the
back yeah no I have been feasting lately
with the spots look at this at the door
this is a this is a baby spot ah of
course he didn't bring the stroller why
would you why would you bring the
stronger and seriously what would you
ever bring a stroller anywhere huh
hi there right there you want to come
out and play wanna come in and play no
no no we're just kind of run around when
you're in the shopping center does a
little play are you in here anyway
we're told bleak right help Oh
wakey-wakey once an eggs and Bakey
ground floor
this one's got open so be careful
weightless for up and the old elevator
dances Wow I don't think they're toys
don't even want to expect use and stuff
yeah just like the show
she's like the toys to realize this is
like we got a run for it doesn't realize
that yeah
thank you Steve is you looking around
she doesn't know yet
yeah you spotted us wait wait wait wait
all aboard you want to get to the front
Quan sit in the front seat
give me your or something I suppose this
before people like 50 cent each you guys
got two euros you get two two euros in
the comments good signs and everything
it's gotta be for something like
Christmas mr. bunny since these are the
days no the falafel omelets knock the
cheese and of course this by sponge I
doubled up so they're bringing some home
and by the way I'll be great wouldn't it
you get her a drum kit a trying no your
noise what did this one look
harmonica you were saying like everyone
jr. we bring a junior home
he said we heard that you should bring a
present in that your book was in yeah
hmm just saw the attention is a little
bit under her as well so maybe we'll get
her something like something noisy as
you can like were abandoned Awards
didn't see a battle or something so we
came in here and Kate wasn't here but
her mom was here you hide it right here
would you say that you watches listen
Kate this is proof we didn't eat shrimp
um maybe over there but safe now safe
now Junior junior I thought that we feed
you we need small arrows mini mini
adults Junior oh yeah mini 12kg all
right this is this is good do you hold
this will you hold us come on bring it
over bring it over
no that's not where it goes Mina want to
give it today get it to us put it up
there now so everyone else is asleep
media still awake but everyone has
asleep me and I watch this new show
called 1 to 100 it's just because I'm
that other thing helix is almost over so
I came across the show 100 it's brand
new show that satellite American stuff
no the first of us ensure that it but
then as a probe Africa that's kinda
interesting you know so s we'll see how
these progresses when I sit here alone
with my pal my pillow friend this is my
new girlfriend she's a she's a bit of a
pillow but you know we're good together
so I finally got some sleep I managed to
get probably about two hours of sleep
while Emilia was nothing which was
amazing because I really felt like death
Jonathan it's so funny we're so
different like Jonathan's not an opera
at all like he hates taking naps and
that's why I knew if I let him sleep in
this morning like he'd be good for the
day
cuz he's just like totally he hates
digging now it's like some people just
don't like it you know whereas I have
always like ever since I've been like
it's yeah ever since I was in school
I've always been a Napper like when I
was studying for exams and stuff I used
to take like a cat nap and it would just
like refresh me and then I could get
back to you know what I was doing and
studying and stuff like that I might
feel like all refreshed and revitalized
and awake but some people
don't like sleeping in the day they feel
like it's a waste which I can understand
- but I knew that if I let Jonathan
sleep in this morning and then if I
slept during her nap time we'd each get
like to catch up on sleep because it's
it's not good to be that tired when you
know a baby could pop it at any minute
like I'm that's like my biggest fear is
that you know I go into labor and I'm
already exhausted because you need so
much energy you know
so although now I have it in my head
that I'm being induced so you know all
right dinner is ready
I made fish cakes and fun vegetable rice
while I was sitting here doing this
amelia was extremely busy Amelia what
have you done and what the hell is that
what have you done look at this do you
see this did you see what she's doing
seriously you know she's taking
everything she owns and she's putting it
I think she's packing up and leaving the
home or something
she's like round everything into the car
all right that's guys the num-nums
ome Leah didn't get a fish cake don't
tell her though I made her fish fingers
and their rice but she's not gonna eat
the rice they are a bit spicy she's not
gonna eat the rice and she might eat
fish fingers but I'll turn it like this
I'll trick her show you give her some
ketchup or something for the cutest the
tip tips plus in tip tip tips tap tap
tap he did that okay
can i you wanna come here for a minute
George's
oh but it's not gonna be that bad mom's
gonna bring you you bring her up for a
change
mommy's carrying Junior and for some
reason the lazy lump doesn't want to
leave
he's like a kangaroo kangaroo together
that will take your arms and I'll take
your legs right sure we have a
successful sleepy night tonight because
I think she is teething kiss her okay I
can't actually open the carpool so see
apparently these are translate and
jokey-joke safe okay so I'm sure that
she definitely has a nice cushy case she
her cheeks were super red today I did
notice so let's just go ahead and give
her this just in case
ah it is needed just a spoonful of
couple makes the baby go asleep ego
asleep thank you it just rounds it in
dear dad I know this one here so right
so I think she had a big motor or
something coming true teeth grew so fast
no more junky yeah cowboy junkie
they should make how far but you know
like like you don't like flavors of like
sweeteners okay telephone a Calif all
think you know I needed the Ritz and the
Cadbury's cat breathe cow Paul like it's
you know your breath when you break into
the chocolate it's filled with a good
I'm just practice and practicode with
joining them together may I get your PJs
no it's over
October it's over okay there's no night
let's greedy hey say bye to your friends
say bye my friends no Wi-Fi vibrates
yeah see you guys later
better just turn this light off hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the
Ciccone jolie and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
