it looks so cute
and is having a rough time of life we're
done with being pregnant are we
caterpillar it's gonna be okay
I said you know what we should do right
we have one week to our next appointment
okay I was watching video as a member
and sweets morning I don't think you did
a full one that's work mmm
to get in you know like if you look it
up it's like your cervix is here and you
have to get in it to release the
membranes to release the package the bag
yeah we said a quart spurt on you know
but he managed is like sick of it now
find something to wear everyday like spy
rings that's it and then like I got more
instruction we're just like next week
it's the next appointment that's just
the next nobody said it's our last
appointment
I know I know this is it now if you go
as far still a second last step I know I
know
every time it's the hot step so we're
thinking why don't we get the list of
like top 10 things I know I know but
like you're doing the leaf tea that eat
some pineapple let's go for walks you
know did you know I'm just gonna you
know encourage you let's see if we can
beat the system let's see if we can get
jr. to come before the next appointment
that's pointment is an April Fool's Day
all right boomp boomp so we walk a
countdown find that we're better at in
the walk-in realize we left the leads
and the harnesses and dude just
yesterday so uh we're back out there
just trying to pick up some leads and
harnesses we should only be a second
where's all the harnesses a meet that I
realized yesterday we took them home
didn't have any needs a harness
all right back in a second hello we are
under the table again and laughing away
yep
are you eating your makeup brush I don't
think you should eat it and also
attorneys any media find this funny when
I say yep
okay stop eating your makeup brush yep
so they for funsies look we went over to
the castle instead of like the normal
okay it's basically the other end of the
walk um just to try to change it up for
them because they've had a good sniffing
of a certain area and then you kind of
like bring two new are you - sniffing
ooh things like whoa what the hell's
this new world or something and I'm
still on the I sixties cuz I don't know
just it works best you don't mean you
see what I was saying yes a look they
all walk together alright and then if
you put their one letter in trees and
trees I just I don't know I think I'm
just like destined to walk them like
this this is what I call the perfect
time walk the doggies there's no one
around
every day I try and walk them around
like 10 or nice to go ahead in the bike
hello man my friend but mine's gonna be
more of an evening there's an evening
slot which is around 3 ish you know and
then put two after four or five tenets I
skip this again right now it's like in
the morning between 8 and 9 sometimes
and the bike it's usually quite busy but
then I know it's between 10:00 and 11:00
it's usually super quiet on the walk you
know so it's just a nice people you run
into the easier it is for these little
Messrs do you guys remember that when we
brought Amelia home and Alvey Encino
came over and they like sniffed and I
was like crying and huh it's really
emotional I'm really excited for him
Jr I think that's gonna be really cool
you know when we go into the hospital
and I nothing bad with jr. you know
they're bringing Emilien it's completely
exciting to see what she thinks of him
when she died you know it's nice really
cool it was even cooler you know like I
have there was a video of me and my
brother and my sister this is before my
little sister was born of the three of
us having breakfast I don't know where
the video is I think it's lost my
parents divorce and stuff a lot of stuff
kind of got lost but it was really cool
it was like the three of us having
breakfast one morning and I was like
about three years old so could see it
but Amelia and junior are taking they'll
be able to watch both their birds the
moment they met each other for the first
time like ah how amazing that like well
and these guys don't forget these birds
the birth to their dog's birthday our
Tito connections that on Twitter the
other night to me they're like I wonder
who jr. is gonna pick because the media
has tio Rico are like BFFs but I wonder
who jr. is gonna pick as his doggy
friend again again do you like to see
yourself on camera look
again you wanna see it again is that you
hello this is the president I'm going to
need you to come and save the world
Oh hold on I've got I've got the UN on
the other line oh hello three hello
I think it bears the the phone call huh
taking her first youtube video I will
watch and then be be okay great you
taking you taking notes to me just got
her pen out
she's taking notes and then it's like
everything I thought Anna she's never
teaching Erica and Erica will teach
Arabia
okay so Eric had just uploaded her first
ever YouTube video it only took us all
day to edit and like a boat but it's
finally here
it's her 50 random facts about her so
check that the channel name is just Eric
hasta Kony there she is over there and
we spent so long like making a thumbnail
and like doing everything so check it
out it's actually a really cool video if
I do say so myself
I mean it's actually it's interesting
it's kind of cool so check it out the
link will be in the description box of
this video too don't you ever say I will
walk away I will always love ya
all right let's go we're gonna play
outside or bring in a dog you with us
everyone else's that side we're tricking
them every one of that side we're gonna
bring the anchor so they can hear them
inside I did promise everyone last time
I bring out the anchors with me this
time we all have our own little ball
well I'm always feeling balls with what
else yeah we gotta bring your own room
Amelia look but bring our own peppa pig
bar cuz everyone always brings toys
let's put let's let we'll bring the toy
this time you know oh yeah we got the
ball
wait there's nothing there's not a lot
of balance in that I got a ball pick
your doggie clap okay I'm not gonna do
this I know you mean
you are gonna die don't step on her
leave
Oh peeping go Melia now has two doggies
you got two doggies Oh lost a dog oh you
nearly lost the doggy well this is the
one dog we are cooking
Ciccone in lutonium tonight lads we got
some fresh peppers chopped up nicely
well thought that nicely boy you know
effort on board me this listen to the
wheels on the bus
seven hundred million times oh my god
firm seven hundred million times that's
that's the relief you know the ads go on
in between our the ads are over oh
what's that the murder key is ABC song
oh you read enough for Heroes like I got
growing up roll it up yeah
fold up look at you so cute oh you like
that it's more about just bread in the
sauce but the enchiladas the way they're
trapped up
ma enchiladas sorry scusi scusi /
friendos what don't claims that
everything she was climbing this a
minute ago look like throw me your
balance Wow until the thing rolls away
and you fall what are you gonna do now
what's your next trick what's your next
performance change my oh my goodness
you're too funny friend alright we shall
be gone we should be gone I'm telling
you I'm telling you he's coming April
first
he's coming April first he is a legit
jokey-joke jr. and no one is going to
believe me I'd be like guys it's just
not an April Fool's joke
let's go to your labor think I'm
trolling it or you know how this is
gonna happen if he doesn't call my PO
first I'm gonna say it anyway I'm gonna
totally say that anyway yeah why either
way that's gonna happen enable first
where you go now oh yeah look she can
get up there do we tell you that some
ruins
yeah we're somewhere there like are you
showing us Oh TV capri pants or whatever
already gone I've never worn that
there's me want to thank sandals but it
just right now
what's the holdup you can be hmm come on
mom what's that cheese Oh what's the
baby doing
yeah you it'll go away
you're probably go away laser
lasers the frickin laser beams that's
what you can get then all right say good
night knife say night-night say bye lt98
see bye bye okay bye
I'm going bye-bye bye my hi hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
