oh yeah and his lips alone oh my god
yeah
morning guys oh my spot is there well
there's a bit of water in the way
there's a bit there's a bit of water in
the way
there's nice pot rides there she is
there Oh tasty tasty as ever
anytime you because this thing here
stops other people from parking beside
it that's what I like about it
people can barking outside but I don't
get in there signing outside I get it
it's catchy it's kind of like I'm one of
those mommy and baby spots you know oh
oh it's freezing cold and it's raining
and it's kind of I haven't been out
since Friday and it makes you say
because it lacks rain yesterday and you
know what you haven't liked doing
something in like I don't know in three
days he just feel all like rusty rusty
that's I'm Finn this morning feeling a
little rusty but let's get a friend
actually nobody will park beside me
because there's a puddle of water it
alright friend come on fellows it's time
to go to the groomers huh I thought
about the comments yesterday they were
talking about you guys are saying about
the double leaves and why they don't
work and I should watch you put the
camera away
I pulled one lead in one hand I have
tried everything okay I walk six dogs
successfully I'm proud of myself for
that if I put the two of them on deter
on either hand it doesn't make a
difference because they're just kind of
look you know they walk in a pack you
always see when I'm vlogging they always
walk in a line it doesn't matter if I
have ten deeds or wanted thing to just
need to walk together so the problem
with the other thing was because there
was two leads
yeah two lead split the no splitters
split together and mush together so they
all have to be either on one single one
or all on one okay only one four six
yeah one four six I figure I think there
might be a way to mix that thing
together and make it into a six most
people don't have that is true it's true
so this is the way that I've made it
work and the dogs get walked pretty much
all the time yes I figured out a way I
was just trying to make like silly me
trying to make life easier for myself
huh all right lads let's go plan for the
haircut I'm gonna go for a haircut as
well we're all getting a haircut today
you make how many of you got a haircut
though when I get a haircut Amelia ah
just go some hair
vinegar oh this is the butter that I was
talking about the one that stays in the
table
it's like softer juice we thought Jews
and look how cute her outfit is look
this top or like jumper that my mom got
her um you want it it's kind of heavy
though Jews it's very heavy
anyway my mom got that for her from GPM
and I was trying to figure out what to
put her in this morning because I kind
of I'm oh I'm doing an effort today that
was the reason and I was gonna wanted it
to be good but um she I think
I had kind of shown like a lot of her
exes because we've done a couple of them
now and so then I remembered that which
I was kind of saving by I was saving it
for a special occasion but I just think
it's so cute
it's gonna be so cute for her and me get
her matching bow they're so good but
Tesla sells them in three packs
I shouldn't even tell you why is this
because they're actually becoming sold
out in petrol station that we go to and
I think um it might be because they're
just getting too popular and we keep
saying it as well whenever something
it's too popular than its it gets sold
out and then you can't get it anymore
and I'm like why did we even say
anything about it because Jonathan the
last two times that he's being to Sentra
he hasn't been able to get them and tons
of people have been like tweeting me
pictures of like the Ritz cracker
chocolate and saying that they bought
them because we mentioned it and I'm
like did we just do something like I
want them for myself but they are really
good oh my god if we were dropping the
dogs up with Jennifer gives it out for
junior timberlands he's gonna be epic
Thanks no problem they're so cute oh my
oh I like to get a pair as well no match
and I'll be Tioga two pairs of Oh
comer's - get comfortable when they make
sense proper market for dinner yeah go
get a wife - all right lads goodbye
there could be another baby when you get
home something on me it's time so I just
brought Erica home and Emilia is having
her lunch right now I decided to give
her kind of an early lunch because she's
not ready
I don't know she's kind of in a crappy
mood or something she's just cranky and
she didn't eat any breakfast this
morning like not one bite so she's just
kind of like I don't know what it is I
don't know am I just tired exhausted or
something but I know I shouldn't like
take things like this to heart but I am
for some reason I'm just like everything
is getting to me today
because I try to film for just like an
outfit of the day - video which usually
is fine like I can do it like over there
you know and Jonathan films for the best
lightest and Eric how was with Amelie
Alec on the couch and every time we went
to film look every time I started
talking immediate reach this big scream
and she was totally doing it like she's
smart you know she was doing it on
purpose I know first Jonathan's like
she's not doing it on purpose typical
guy was like what are you talk to him
she's not doing him I was like yeah she
is because every time we'd stop
recording try and you know sort
something out with her toys whatever and
then I'd go back and literally like the
second article hey guys she cooks like
really just bratty and then we tried
putting her like Erica try bringing her
into Jonathan study and she started like
screaming but Erica said it was the
minute I started recording like she was
just acting off and I know it's not
personal like I know obviously kids and
toddlers do stuff like this
but I just took it so poor I was like I
was just so upset with her like but she
would do something as mean as I and I
know it isn't personal but I'm just in
one of those moods and then when I was
dropping Erica home like some guy was
driving way too close up my bum and I
was indicating to going to our my mom
lives and I slowed right down to take
the turn and he was just so on top of me
and when I took the turn he beeped at me
I was like I got so angry you know when
like you're just having one of those
days I think I'm just really tired I
think that's what it is because
everything is just getting to me I was
so angry when you did that I wanted to
like stop the card get it and kill him
like Oh Oh Fras is that funny is that
funny
hi your friends back
Erica's back you don't have oh oh there
yeah we're going off yeah have a baby
have an hour yeah ha ha 7 fighting me
back or we might not come back and I
might not go back cuz she has a baby
what ok hilarious you're gonna miss me
Amelia gonna miss me you can even care
you didn't care
so we're finally on our way to our
doctor's appointment I feel like we've
been waiting all day just because
they've got delayed but I have my little
pea sample already I feel like very
prepared this time so Eric had came over
and
our neighbors were inside and our next
room was like okay because little e
Erica gets dropped over at like you know
what's better each time and then he
answer though there anything is
Modigliani answer any of yours and she's
like no and then he saw us leave and he
was like it happened
well like I don't know but no I think he
was asking like had my waters broken it
I can't say that all laughs I don't
wanna block it because like this is
obviously we had the first video so
there's no point this long anyone of you
guys are like idiot like you know
gearing up for this footprint make I'm
like I know it was so loose is 2014
March I had a plan now it's past 24 to
March right whatever you slowed me up
Junior
my son has stood me up at medians of we
time but that's a girl
girl she want to make an entrance I
expected me junior to be prompt time
anyway
so we're headed there now it just seems
like it's so late because we've never
got a doctor's appointment this late
before
yeah but me I know it's so weird it's
like weird on different levels
ah what are you doing oh you emptying
all your toys
I really formed a lot more hey do you
like Deerfield hi
what are you doing
it is excuse me yeah I never did are the
40 oh yeah and his lips enough oh my god
oh my goodness a guide our get it you've
never left this dark before look like
how many cars are left
hi are you good are you good
John eggses hi Hey
yeah gravy jeez Louise cream hey what do
you want
pick something butter butter
like this oh all right
sweet corn you want some corn good one
I heard you ate lots of corn
Oh Corinth or no
here we go she's putting all the pigs
over here
alright meaning we need to put you to
bed we need to get some food so we were
swept up maybe tonight will be a baby
who knows haha don't do things check my
Twitter could I have a baby
let me know let me know in the comments
below if I had a baby did you have a
brother
mmm-hmm huh what you are beating my bye
have you thinking this is a sandwich
there I'm gonna go and get to my goals I
don't want to cook food right now we're
in there for like 16 hours are you
stealing my seats look here hey please
make great Milky Way's 10 bottom you get
me a big say please mom maybe coming up
now sake please hey please please you
have to say please and you can have one
please and thank you where do we please
this comment as soon as I finish this
movie lots of please is coming huh so we
have an appointment booked for next week
anyway
and I kept joking we say goodbye seen it
I was like I'll see you later on a
couple hours say please
yeah the girl look terrific that's my
mother why why he's on my Milky Way are
you my Milky Way all right say good
night Willa bid your jewel I'll put you
in there forever like the fridge
actually you don't put your microwave
this is just to change things up a
little bit
all right then be careful the team turns
to auto okay she's gonna keep turning
just relax relax we'll come back around
hi okay see you guys tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
