we must operate on as a child we must
operate on Chico's Mouse the channels
cousin Janet
where are the Tibbles
go to sleep hi did you finish look at
this pretty outfit that I picked for you
look come here come here you're going to
show Erika all your pop I knew she would
do that
okay well wearing her new cream shoes
and she's gonna help us well hopefully
she'll be okay because we're Erika and I
are gonna film the sister tag but like
usually when I'm filming obviously eric
has looking after media but eric has in
this video so nobody's looking after her
she's gonna be in the background so
hopefully like I'll give her some things
to play with like some nail polishes and
stuff hopefully she'll be okay hi friend
hi friend would you uh would you look at
huh singing I don't want she's laughing
it I don't see anything wrong boy I get
after that Brandi huh that Erika are
recording a sister tag video we've got
no videos to record friend Chui attack
video mean Amelia what I do do we do how
I know any type videos
from the media but don't be so funny he
did such isn't really able to answer it
in tag so I suppose would you oh my
godness t jo ha I mean you're standing
on him you're standing on him don't jump
on them now you're standing on it oh my
god
what ah you're attacked by everybody I
don't blame them and Oprah what up so I
went to get my hair cut this morning I'm
sure that the haircut place is closed
when I checked their Facebook and they
said they're open on Mondays now but
they want open on Monday door closed I
stood in the rain I cried tears that's
why it's raining so much too actually my
tears I couldn't wetbike friend this
morning huh so I mind gonna happen rain
but not in like torrential rain it's a
whole different story
yeah yeah careful there now watch me
swabbies hands off the swabbies so I'm
having my raspberry leaf tea okay but uh
it's not doing anything they smell it a
certain a certain acquired taste I
already changed a poopy today too smart
you're not going anywhere Amelia you're
just getting your nappy change whoa
careful
we must operate on the child we must
operate on she goes across the channels
where are the tables me oh I think her
cup is leaking can you just pick it off
I know you
Thanks he wasn't just no she doesn't
it's not juice it's it's milk you want
your milk did you do poo poos go poo
poos ginger lovey
she looks like she's all confused
she's like mine well cuz she thinks that
you mean put it in the bin or something
good day today
Oh why do you have juice all down your
top miss me where is the baby that's my
question
hey no it's big yes anyone knows who the
baby is good combo be great I'm holding
hot tea oh my god move it back what's
your beef Harry so busy right now
oh this is scary will you just please oh
yeah she's got a day to do it
make her walk okay
directly yes I spin around in circles
yeah she's not doing it oh you got your
follower ha ha you did it and I see
strawberry on your visit oh you my son
yeah come on jr. all having so much fun
if you want to just pop out she's so
confused she's like who are you talking
to
okay mini haul mini a Southall car don't
I got two nail polishes from sorry em I
got blue moon and I got mist from the
silk collection because I'm so sick of
wearing this blue I went back to the
ceramic I like this do you're wearing is
doing that you want to work yeah
deliveries yeah Junior mom my browsing
and this is the thing I'm most excited
about
I got a new curling iron because mine
broke ages ago
um but a broken toe Jonna see Erica
it looks cool I didn't trust everything
that I got it was very smaller they
didn't get a lot of stuff but yeah
Oh from Wednesday playing this game who
just follow Amelia in the shops ended up
in here from Monday is there a sir I'm
stay happy I'm stay oh look at install
guys these comments you saw your mom
Nana
mom but you know what I call my mom mom
mo-om but there's no mo am here Sam am
and then um oh geez
escaping there'll be no escape me no
escaping time for a second she's gone
we should make her wear to weddings cuz
she can't run fast when she wears the
Rileys love a poor whoa hmm I hope that
one isn't open yes starvation is taking
effect which is first and then is better
right yeah
Paloma look at these cakes oh my God
look at Easons that looks amazing
I'll have a French fancy what are you
saying everybody put your hands up in
the air
or is it like everybody I know you're
leaving the card shop she's like fine so
remember
yeah when we get her again wasn't it the
egg thing or something okay nice friend
nice use even apartments and cheezles
never
I got to go cheese I'm experiencing
jealousy finish now mm-hmm I got the M
katsu burner don't even listen to me I
don't even know I am lemonade OH I miss
come up with a new process yeah no yeah
I was like so open a new process to get
Amelia tricking me they look if you make
this food fun oh now where she's not you
a fishy cheese with the cheese she did
me the lab is a much better way of
saying dairy free look move free me free
bunnies a box of bunnies
lots of money I got a box of copies
what's new spices mmm-mmm-mmm
okay I would want to get all this Easter
stuff but I think are we gonna be gone
Caesar end of April I think awesome look
at this we see is so cute careful don't
touch on this one Happy Easter
yeah I want to get this for after
cupcakes maybe if you're good Estevan
you will get you that the put one in the
other hand wanted and tasted by you like
every single thing with for our Easter
give me a cheerleader it's so cute I'm
your best year
look at these we're just looking at them
this is my favorite it's my favorite one
I think the woven photo cream so cute I
could literally just buy everything here
there's a little tree for the waves when
is Easter is at the end of April in
England it moves right over I think this
year is the end of April yeah I think so
oh my god exactly we came in here for an
espresso and we ended up with Clarisonic
because they're like supposed to be like
the maize amazing ones right it has soft
today it's a croc it's a new brush is
the new looks the new looks great
hot or something funny yeah something
always guessing we should shave the dogs
and just like attached into it yeah yeah
puppy yeah if you have a puppy rub it on
your face yes essentially what it is
like and there is the new one the new
one man I was drowning by the color
teeny teeny teeny
yeah egg is on strict instructions not
to let the baby go asleep don't go sleep
Amelia no sleepy Sleepy's near me
snaps snaps for tonight's meal we have
salmon pasta and when I had this luck
Philadelphia stir in simple sauce garlic
and herb pretty much Philadelphia is
that in like drippy wanna also pour
loads of a lemon over the AB the salmon
oh yeah yeah cuz we didn't draw last
time right yeah I know I did it on the
sandwiches snitches and your toasty -
today I'll put it in lemon so it's gonna
try it I figured that I also put em tons
of laxatives chilies garlic chorionic Oh
shizzles okay what about the N I can go
get it yeah okay I can't believe we've
reached our to date huh
but it's our first two days yeah the 24
it was yeah but then what Amedeo is born
you know
nothing she didn't come until she was in
youth which was yes well if we go right
if junior does not come your official
judez well your second J was attorney
first yeah and our OB will not let and I
go after seven days he was like so if we
go we're gonna go to him tomorrow and
we're getting this sweep he's going for
a sweep yeah and then if nothing happens
our next appointment he's going to book
us in for a thing
ting any bobbins so 6th of April right
isn't it well seven days yes to the 6th
of April is the furnace he can go so oh
yeah it is heaven so his birth will be
the 7th of April if he's not going to
commit himself easy he's put in storage
ok yeah seven-day pros alright actually
now was your birthday
on 7 April 7th of April 2014 sounds like
you've learned a future 2014 she but
naturally huh 2012 is kind of like that
suddenly okay 2012 2014 my son was born
in 2014 this house I did started a
sci-fi movie
my name is stupid jokes my suddenly born
April 7 2014
there's another saying april 7 he's
gonna be born tonight there is anyway if
you guys want to jump in put your name
down and uh I'll get you a look at you
in the posh BP CEO is gonna get it can
you say please
say please what you want Dominion you
want the look you like can you say
please say please please thanks that I
say thank you hmm
say thank you by the way when you finish
that we're going to bed just up to think
about what you're eating that day please
is she
oh now he's funny now you stand please
he just ran into me she like rock came
running into he oh yeah say please no
don't you say pretty snow such a chancer
they're gonna run attack you please
apollomon doggone friends all right I'll
see you guys tomorrow today was my day
that I thought we were having the baby
but I last boy the governor was the
eight o'clock 104 hours of today so
maybe maybe a little bit babe maybe baby
I don't know check my Twitter did I have
a baby anyway you guys can enjoy the
fridge for tonight I'm gonna go right
into the set in here pour it all over
your body
shower yourself and just have enough
it'll be epic
I'll see you guys tomorrow night fight
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
haha
