so it appears we've lost a dog along the
way um
he's quite comfortable he's getting so
tired and he was just like over he gets
dragging along everyone else is like
music are you do it
yeah anyway there's no room in there for
two what I just don't tell me
good morning guys good Sunday super
sunny morning although it may start
raining later on so I'm decided cuz it's
Sunday morning I'm gonna go and get our
fill of croissants
ah Bonjour Mon Bravo
blue blue blue blue now I know it's
every day's right but here's the thing I
I have been a bit of a player in terms
of my motor vehicles I have I have two
times I have two times I have cheated on
I had affairs with other cars whilst I
had my cars like I've been terrible I've
been playing the field right and I know
it's early days lads when I feel like I
feel a special connection here you know
what I feel like this could be the one
you know this could be the one I feel
like I could see myself in a long-term
relationship with this heart
you know before I I feel flirty and
excited it was fun and it was fast but I
knew I knew I knew it was just a shorter
I knew you know my heart wasn't in it I
knew this wasn't gonna last you know it
was fun but I knew we're in it for all
the wrong reasons
you know and here I feel like I feel
like yeah you know I feel connection I
feel like this you're me we can go
places we can do things you know
Oh God toughen up stay warm they just
came out of the oven that's amazing
gentlemen
like one who comes familiar and then I
would like hot cross buns
the be here look how cute this little
girl is Sunday morning dad's just trying
to get cross on and she is watching
cartoons it's all her little friends
dad dad and she was giving them all some
juice yay oh yeah they are not be ok
yeah we make it in tomorrow character
Brides in swimming day over
- hopefully awesome not for you huh
where's your teeth brush your teeth
every day you'll eat some wheat hay - no
time that is good girl yeah Dwight today
boys that ain't us - recommended daily
amount you normally do is I do at
nighttime come sit in the bath to the
showers or an ass and then we do in the
morning - twice a day cause she's such a
beautiful teeth such good teeth friends
hopefully when your milky go away and
your property come and don't have teeth
like dad can't eat like mom I'm Tito
good on a date like that
I've lovely Keith don't I take like I'll
be whatever your bloody though pretty
girl look at that let's see your outside
sugar outfit show mommy show mommy oh oh
so pretty I love the boots I love that
they match her um her little her jacket
they're purple when the girl brought the
mat I was just like oh my god they are
so perfect
we've adorned ourselves with stickers
scented stickers they're all her bows
I'm gonna show Dad show daddy your
outfit hi oh you sing all over today
nice nice moves she walked in 20 I know
she was so impressed with herself
wow wow yeah thinkers speakers she
almost got a bit carried away with one
leg so I had to introduce the other
purple red orange yellow blue and green
which one's my favorite let me stop and
think
yesterday was purple and today it's pink
beautiful sure in the mirror showing
them here
oh wow pretty girl Melia wears on her
face ah he's so cute look at her oh
pretty girl you got a cherry on your
nose yeah hmm are you gonna put some on
the doggy friends too okay so this is
our first time testing out the splitters
yeah good girl only two needs so I don't
know cuz Jonathan is usually the one
that walks on six I've only ever walked
maximum of three I think so I'm gonna
bring the other leads just in case I see
a quick trial run before you commit to
bringing me along it definitely seems a
lot better isn't it yes okay come on
come on come on hmm this could be
actually a whole lot easy playing a few
leads oh where oh where are my doggies
thank you lady oh yeah you've ruined it
you ruined us say say say say say say
say say okay until we've got here
see how angles this is um I was pretty
tangible oh yeah we bought the honey
today okay let's go all right so I'm
giving up I'm going back to the car I
worry about using these leads is that
the tangling here now there Mike I might
be able to tinker it and make it work
but you can see here look it's tangled
them up way too tight but we just tree
so I wonder is to some tinkering I can
do or I can make the six of them come
off one that's what it needs one key
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the problem
so it doesn't work well I know Anna
actually brought the other leads and
Lily so we can actually go back we
didn't get very far but like it's way
too tight for everybody come on guys
let's go back you get a lead for now
I still have hope though I think about
yeah if i fiddle about word I could make
it work
come on let's go okay you stay here for
a second okay we're back to old school
for old school er this works better but
I'm not gonna give up though as I was
taken to a partner I was seeing how it
works and I think of all six leads were
attached to one ring might actually work
that's why it's just or five and then
one for Albie new reasons are worse like
it was like right up chikna that no it's
nice
was it um she was like right up she
couldn't even move like he was like
attached to let it out this is better is
Amelia behaving yeah yeah look at Wiley
just to get it we have to find a good
part of the test as well he says we met
a friend hey Millie
thanks Millie yeah any many as 800
Bianca's in there
oh yeah too many
thank you much let's go
Thanks he always officially the worst
today the 20 how many people stop and be
like are they for sale if you wore dog
leader this would be amazing marketing
that's the same reason why we have to
get them all the passports and stuff
like it's pretty easy to bring a dog to
England but nowadays like if we wind up
through customs when we had six Maltese
dogs they'd be like I hear now because
it's the only reason they're trying to
oh always mush they're trying to cut
down on like puppy farms and dog
exporting and breeders himself says you
have to get them to passports and stuff
but yeah no I actually have six dots no
no person would willingly
have six dogs so it appears we've lost a
dog along the way um
he's quite comfortable he's getting so
tired and he was just like oh we get
dragging along everyone else is like
yeah there's no room in there for two
but I just don't tell me you know no no
no he wouldn't do any kid like I wasn't
fine
have you seen it fine cuz we always walk
them off the lead
yeah Total Recall and cut up there
that's easier 5 5 min ago Scott yeah oh
this is the best day ever
come on come on thank you Gollum
peasants
neo oh no that one in last line got a
piece of cheese and cheese runner I drop
more no more no more cheese okay hold on
three piece of cheese and cheese running
around jeez hold onto it you want more
yeah it's just a little measure you're
just giving it away all right that's
good what that was there I'm making my
mana mana mana making her as some o some
other cream cheese bye-bye
coming at it oh my god you Oh No give me
that back okay don't eat the boxes one
more piece in there
whoa hey hey hey hey hanka Jenga
huh what you can't Gerta get in the
medium kids get the box
what you doing what you doing what you
doing
she got a box of chicken so I really
wish I could show you guys oh if I could
show you guys that the you know we never
show the front of our house but I wish I
could because media is out there playing
and I send tof to which we never usually
do there's like you know because there's
six of our dogs and it's not really fair
but I put everyone else at the back and
sneakily
because tio is probably her favorite I
think and he's really good with kids
I'll be not so much so I put heel out
and I'll see if I can see from upstairs
um I do a them to like a little girl a
little neighbor girl I gave her his need
and he freaked it because he was like
scared cuz he he was just given to
somebody else so now all the kids are
coming at because he owes like the
center of attention but I'm so that
would be kind of cute if you could do
that she's bringing all the toys over to
there
so tonight we're having some all fish
cake basic beef strips with a ribbon
rice noodles do free and we're making
black bean black bean sauce Samia had
awesome fun did you have lots of fun
friends
the people I live as three doors up from
us they have a vision and the girls
brought the Bijan out and we had TOS was
that fun huh
they're all running around together hmm
so gonna be fun huh I say Atanas like
that's one it's never one of the things
about moving you're actually hard you
notice you get to the stage where you we
know everyone on the road and everyone's
really nice and now like all our kids
play together now and it's like onto
decided we've built up that relationship
now it's like that's really hard for me
I hope where we go we can immediate can
have friends again no I see her I
playing everybody it's like huh I'm our
neighbor who is right there it's his
birthday tomorrow so he keeps talking
about at junior be born tonight or
tomorrow so he n'avons mini
neighborhoods huh
generic maybe junior welcome tonight
what do you think huh what am i slip
loads of pineapple and chillies into
this maybe the tape you might go what's
the baby's in what's the baby saying huh
it's all funny hair like normally if you
weren't pregnant like putting up your
top like this and sitting at the Fido
like it would be so weird but it's just
the fastest all laugh and be here we
give the baby a great Oh
shirring already the juniors grape did
he move red not right now he was though
alright that's the thief yeah okay look
you tight yeah it didn't feel good if
you didn't like you today like it didn't
feel as tight do you not mean something
does it tighten up at the end or
something but that feels a rock solid
you can't guess huh in a contraction
usually all you want
yes for you Nick yeah he's gonna give it
to you you said immediate I can have it
alright guys we're gonna go we're gonna
go to the hospital have a baby had his
Fiat is now it's for me you want say
night-night your friends get your mini
my own your all many men today you are
all mean emails today to the baby's baby
comes out of here and into here that's
the plan - yeah baby yeah Dupree go on
say night-night to your friends say bye
bye friends say bye bye say bye bye good
girl good girl bye what you're gonna do
bye it's so cute
see you later guys hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
big-ass Wow
