again
good morning friends and welcome to
another video and another or day
today we're going to Milton Keynes which
is the last England book tour
are they next we have Scotland Belfast
Dublin and
less you woke up with a smile this
morning she's so cute
you're so cute it was about to stop you
with that blue nose you'd be careful
what your ballooning when Erika comes
there's going to be no hot chocolate and
brioche for breakfast today watch guys
how much sweets to their could give you
when we're not here no Erica have you on
a diet of sugar sweets and all things
nice yeah right be good for Erica today
are you doing all this you putting
the shoes under Barbies oh we won't it's
not a late one tonight okay
we'll be back in only a few hours okay I
love you guys
be nice to Erica that's nice coach the
United stereo K no brioche and hot
chocolate mm-hmm I see you guys bye
back on the road like a new road again I
am like a traveling lil race so we like
to comment yesterday I'm with like oh my
god you mentioned Traveling Wilburys my
dad is a big fan big fan we've gone for
the Devon denim again tonight every it's
been a bit of a denims war bringing that
for popularizing denim on the denim for
we're bringing to be wish'd vibes but
make me that
to control my knees cuz I was it lets
out
you got you got
another good entrance still like the bad
entrances
not bad entrances Oh wasn't along we're
part number 30
if any of anyone wants to know we are
the last England date lads I'm missing
then when we go to Scotland more behind
the scenes of WH Smith so in order to
knock you I don't like you to sitting
down signing so in order to do that we
need to find the books beforehand that
was the deal
that's here don't forget I can't even
see you okay but you're you're just
you're just sitting you're just sitting
first I'm sitting okay so you first time
walking with Cardiff swimming was
Cardiff leaning you're gonna go at you
do a faceplant to diminish but you chew
I knew signing has come to a halt
you have fun okay you have fun here and
we're gonna go say much h√ºseyin two
bucks all right
is that art is that our cue oh no that's
not our cue doesn't look like anyone
showed up hey guys yeah we're just hello
wait for the camera
three-two-one say my friendliest friends
okay you ready
in 3 2 1 okay - Oh fabulous thank you so
much
buta
holidays
back away
very important
we remember
okay was coming stairs for a quick break
guys because we got to feel it Alessia
and such more books but this is I think
you so far this might be the biggest
turnout you feel like it is Betty like
Bluewater was insane but I think this I
think people of Milton Keynes have made
it even more insane yeah because you
were watching this queue and we taught
the queue it ended and the security guy
we're like oh he done he's like that
turd of the way in over the what he paid
the cat's crazy
look at her eyes guys so unless you
could change eyes like this
you wanna say hi to Eduardo thank you
dear Eduardo and I'll show you
we all made it together
that is it folks that is a wrap on
Milton Keynes my key in this family show
family show
we had a sit friends what we did it we
did it
that was literally fine oh it just means
China no kunis key what does that mean
give this like Kunis we did her friends
we made it to the end that was a tough
way and I was the biggest one until
Scotland oh did you miss me and here we
are friends wowzers
that was insane oh my goodness it just
kept on coming you guys were crazy
Milton keynotes although there was
people from all over the world that
signing it was crazy it was so much fun
I love meeting you guys like it just it
makes it real you know like just saw
like for so long I've been doing this
and I really feel like I'm talking to
myself all the time and I know like
people leave comments are just like view
numbers orders like followers or
subscribe whatever agenda mean they
don't they're just like numbers they
have no meaning other than new magical
feeling Nene Jaime well like when I meet
people and I give them a hug and like I
have that moment to just like have a
chat with them and have a laugh with
them and like high-five and the kids or
just meet and all the parents or me and
people like us or whoever you are just
mean you guys just means so much and it
makes it like real it makes it like
where I'm not just talking away to
myself like it's just it's just such a
cool experience and it's incredible to
think that us filming ourselves can mean
so much to so many people it's just it's
just such a good thing you know it's
such a good thing that we've created
this like cool community anyway I saw
some comments dope in relation to the
Chester vlog was it the Chester one that
ii normally do i was very very tired so
I never put
so I'm going to put that footage in now
if you were in the second group in
Chester and I didn't put you in the vlog
I'm gonna stick that in now because I
know you're sad that you
my knees cuz I was hypnotized
candy
you got
and I'm gonna go downstairs right I look
at this thing I got delivered oh I got
this thing ordered on skin-on-skin I
think it says munchkin you know order
family's on yesterday for last year
because she wants to like hang out and
play and stuff like that you know I mean
so this is going to be epic so look for
that I've got a couple other vlogs to
put up
I think cuz we didn't we took Thursday
just family and then kind of spend this
weekend just like hanging with the
family and I'll see you tomorrow
leave nice comments and likes and
favorites and be nice to each other
