okay bye-bye
night-night mini none that I gotta go in
now chuckles I'm joking I was joking
good morning everybody so since Erika
has been coming like Monday to Friday in
the mornings I'm so super organized it's
so funny because I have finished all my
videos for the week and so today's
Thursday and I'm already filming for
next week so what are you doing look at
this crazy girl she keeps jumping on
Theo so that he'll like make that sound
Oh Jonathan was like I bet if you film
it like a head of like so ahead of
schedule you'll probably go into labor
beforehand just because that's how it is
but I don't know I was just doing stuff
in the house and Erik I kept getting
afraid because I was like oh every
couple minutes but I don't know
nothing's happening why didn't I see you
screwing your baby you can't throw a
baby on the ground Melia broke my heart
look does extremely limited edition Far
Cry 3 dolls fix yourself ah I kind of
kind of I throw you all back in yeah oh
she does that leave me to dry his
clothes she still gets down and backs
into it
did you bang your head no
you can't great their friend oh it
finally rained again is it someone's
over hello please guys are coming here
oh you're not getting a black meaning
what was that Mia famiglia
thank you can right now real yeah so I
kinda thought about having a spring baby
ah yeah
turns out it's a gross rainy day baby
well he comes today but it's looking
that way today is the International Day
of happiness I'll be pretty cold a
newborn uh yeah what
I wouldn't mind a few more today
Amelia while I go see the scary psycho
ducks well then I'll see you press the
button click looking for a car girl run
me over one of those he the scary ducks
yeah come on let's go okay mommy staying
here aren't you staying here is there to
come in you staying or coming get out of
the car what terrible turn abandon me as
well hopefully we don't get attacked
today get all the birdies
what you cold what oh my goodness what
the hell is that that's not a bird
that's it what's the glowstick it looks
like a cloud of cute thank you it's
quite cute it's a cute cute where's the
scary ones over there they are
stay away from them Amelia we have no
trust for them
hi hi don't mind us we're just walking
past we're just walking past you need to
go for a little walk and then we can get
some lunch
God don't jump into there you can go
back to the cars you learned in your
clothes okay it's coming hi hi there hi
you're terrifying are you actually gonna
attack me yeah let's get a move away
mister fine
I don't mean to alarm anybody but the
scary geeses are coming hi hi there um
Oh God Oh God hi there it's for your
safety for your safety and security
hi hi there hi there
let me oh that oh god this is Amelia I
don't want to pull your damn just in
case you two grunt I know nothing they
come running over - you guys gonna buy
keys okay so I stayed in the car like a
lazy lump because um I I'm actually
starving I was like - Jonathan can we
not just go for lunch please
we haven't been out for lunch for so so
long since we ever since we got that
toasty maker and honestly like I do
really both of this is the reason why
because both of us prefer eating at home
now because it tastes so good
tastes better than like eating out but
um we had to get out of that we just
wanted to get out of the house for a bit
um kind of tire media out a little bit
there's a dog in the middle of the road
oh my god people I hate people that like
don't watch their dogs anyways so um so
we had to get out of it we also went to
the peel box today because it's Thursday
and um then Jonathan was like no I want
to take her to the lock which is right
there but the thing is I haven't eaten
in a couple of hours so I'm starving and
he just does not understand I'm like I'm
pregnant you don't understand like I
need to eat at like regular times but um
so I just don't do not have the energy
to go and just walk around like pooped
anyway but I'm opening the peel box
stuff right now and we got these things
that were recommended by somebody on
think was Twitter or Facebook I think it
was Twitter I bought these from Amazon
it's dog walkers paradise and so I will
just show you guys I didn't expect them
to be so cute
I got a pink one and it says made with
love and then I got a blue one as well
and even though we have four girls and
two boys there was nothing I could
really do it with that one because these
are these split in three C so the only
reason I had never used these before is
because I did I thought it would be more
restricting like because the leaves
would be too short but we'll see how
these go um so we've got three pink and
three blue so one of our little girls is
gonna have to pretend to be a boy on the
walks Melia is just figured out about
puddles that you can splash in them
uh-huh do you miss that one hey birdie
Oh lovely now make sure to fall right
there and all that would okay oh my god
damn on it to get on oh did she oh my
god you're in trouble now when mom says
who did that make yourself so cool oh
yeah the middle is like populated busy
area the guy came over to put some like
bread independence on there and that's
where things are going crazy and we're
just going crazy friends see the bird
like you're just like flying right at
you like wow printed up husky
I guess look Wow so cool oh my god
they're meeting the Husky they're so
lucky oh he's so cute
and the guy who walks him like his owner
so nice he's such a cute dog look what
happened to media shoes oh my gosh
can they reach the actual are you
there's a bit on the pink slip while we
are falling to my cheese joking apart
already
may be wondering what throwing her past
air canister over night shoot up fun
but we got we decided to give up an
espresso on buy one of these well I
still used an espresso machine but the
ad the frackers still not working after
everything you tried to have given up
and I bought a frother a separate
product from coops I was gonna buy the
nespresso from her but then I was like
well are Nespresso frother isn't working
so I went to hand I got a crooks one and
said Oh course it was the the the Frog
one look at the progress I've got the
feet and everything was pity he wasn't
here for patties Damon I know we're
being cool and she wants your father you
should have to bake my pension what are
you doing slacker slacker buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh have you got a bow bow just look at
that he's looking at one Oh fancy
no no because then he'll eat it he'll
eat it and you won't be sad right okay
that's it it's gone he's eating it oh
he's full you gave it to him
okay take it back sorry obvi this is
very confusing to you this is very
confusing for you they're not real
cupcakes okay what are you doing are you
just throwing them in the air what are
you doing Wow
that's not teacher Alby
that's lb its Alvey that's Alby Oh is he
licking you is he giving your legs he
licks him happy hey
based on update on my a my real
situation what are you doing what are
you doing they add a laptop Legendre
unworthy courier - run away so Darrell
yeah they'll be there tomorrow for
definite least I'm pretty excited about
huh
and then I go up to our weather setting
up I'll try to record some so you can
see it before and after see you guys
tank huh
see you guys thing because like a good
set of wheels to like make a car
although like the Cayenne say look
gorgeous like the way they are new to
nine five seven I got a nine five seven
one I had a nine five five before and it
didn't make a difference between their
they changed and center-of-mass on the
cars and they kind of built at the side
rooms and they lowered a little bit so
definitely makes difference on a nine
five seven but the wheels are gonna make
a big difference
I'm gonna look epic friend huh what are
you doing oh pretty kids up I think
though I think your friends are outside
Amelia let's hide okay do or do you want
to just keep annoying Allie orange
wanted to keep twirling this chair
whatever media you are you putting your
stuff in the dishwasher are they going
in for the night okay
bye bye
really none that I gotta go in now
joking I was joking
I wasn't joking here look they're back
there but look hi I'll take it out of
here okay this is damage done did you
put this in well how is that gonna wash
gonna hit on it and everything yeah she
drunk it yeah
and almost media basically had no naps
today so she's gonna sneak now huh
aren't you Oh a lot of people are asking
why we bought the trip trap so early um
we got it because you know we're leaving
cork and jellybean
and pretty much we bought everything
from jellybean and we really like the
store it's a little boutique store so we
figured before we leave we would buy the
trip shop from them that's where you got
the badge from them right we're not
putting to bed together because that
will be too hard to move but I am the
trip trap you can put that in your
pocket
you fit in your trip trap are you going
it's kind of it's time you know like you
know it's a it's being factored in
anywhere like I got a moving assessment
they basically assessed the house and
everything the pricing is already done
yeah yeah and the chair like it's not
really gonna make a difference anyway so
okay come on you guys take a night to
your friends you gotta go
oh my god come here I'm not gonna bring
up I'm not gonna bring in too bad I'm
not gonna raise your bed hey you should
I feel pretty alright guys we're gonna
go this happening every time I pick her
up
she thinks I'm bringing her off to bed
or too bad she cries I become the bad
parent and it's become the great parent
we need to make this changes okay you
want to see 90 your friends though
No all right see you later guys it's
been a while I think you should spend a
night in the fridge um you can have so
my 7up and some of the oranges but don't
drink a whole super breakfast alright
see you guys tomorrow
why hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
