yeah just like them okay
well that's a bit too low is it
good morning guys lady and this I should
wash you someday
I know I always think that right now I
kind of felt like see all that wood that
that to me is like progress good what is
the progress
it was super clean that I need to have
me that much oh I'm so worn out and
tired
this is no dis to my wife he is an
amazing wife and a great mom and all but
like she's so pregnant right now that it
like a lot of sort of stuff Falls to me
like putting a media to bed putting it
out far enough and getting off look
after a dog looking forward pregnancy
ending I don't know anything like oh my
god but then he probably get small
infants they're fine at the start you
know just in Anna's fact that her
capable self and so exhausted so eric
has been learning had to change not be
she changed her second poopy nappy this
morning and now Amelia's getting dressed
you're obsessed with your shoes your
shoe shoes you can wear your slippers
for now okay cuz we're not going out
there's mommy's bag mommy's bag where's
your socks can I see your socks are they
Pussycats
what's a pussycat say what does it
pussycat day and look you've got Foxy's
did you show Erika foxy foxy dress okay
your pants yeah and your bow bow see
you're all matching today oh ho
I need to book an appointment with the
hairdresser I keep putting it off
because I don't know what to do I said I
wanted I do want to cut it like I do
want to cut it okay but I'm just
confused with the color like this is my
natural color fully grown out now
well not fully grown out I still have
ombre at the ends but I think I kind of
like mine ah I was gonna go darker again
like I did last this time last year but
I hate the regrow
like I hate that when the roots are like
lighter so it looks like I'm going gray
because my hair is quite actually
naturally it's like an ashy dark blonde
I mean it's it's this color or like
light brown you know so I kind of think
I might leave it and then just keep up
the ombre I don't know but I don't know
what what length I want to cut it and
it's a really good fusing but I do know
that with a new baby it's easier when my
hair is shorter like I'm not gonna go
super short obviously but I just think
like shoulder length is probably better
I don't know anyways you guys can let me
know what you think but ultimately I'm
probably just gonna do whatever I feel
is right for me at the end of the day
what are you gonna play with today Melia
Jen I play with your Tito Tito Izzy oh
you slept on a monster box
oh it's gonna fall over what if we put
someone else in there with him yeah he
loves you are you sleeping there
okay look we got Itoh back in look he's
back in there oh no bear yeah he's
biting us together again
oh my goodness
dogfight is that funny he plays in the
Bay on top of the newbies you go funny
well I'm say goodbye to your friend oh
no what I bring the Whitney you are not
a small fry anymore what nothing move it
up another level you see look how much I
need to move it up Chuck you're no
longer on the baby level huh yeah whoa
so I may have just bought large weapons
I've been looking around scouring the
internet because I wanted genuine
Porsche parts I didn't want to get the
replica ones there's so many replicas
one's going on but I wanted to the JIT
for for
so I finally found somebody track
tonight a place in Dublin
this is deviants on the phone where is
it
you got none so what do you talk about
you can't handle the truth sir I'm just
trying to don't you know happen but I
was putting that did happen it's really
good so he hooked it up
we got them he's got to shift him up to
Cork on Friday I was going to put 20
teams on it but the roads in Ireland are
not good they're not good situation so I
decided not to go 22 so I won were 20s
but I got em like him much bigger tires
line of normally tires like the profile
anomalies like a low profile it's kind
of a bigger profile so there'd be a lot
of so I'm not gonna lose any in a
comfort you know because I'm currently
I'm sitting on 19th under chopped up to
20s but would have much cushier cushion
but they would look legit fancy I'm very
happy about that very happy I'm a happy
person also I was going to Mina and
Jonathan just came back from nothing
Erica hi - what no no way comes later
but is why I was like my most important
nobody like my three to four or three to
five depending what you then that is
like yeah the most valuable time today I
know nothing happiness between you know
an heiress it's like goal didn't go and
so unlike she just it's something about
babies are toddlers and cars yeah the
minute they hit a car is like you're
like no you could invent a bed that's a
car like slightly vibrates and swing on
the swing yeah correct this way that's
yeah
plus I was kind of worried I know if I
had a UTI or not cuz I've been peeing
like non-stop but I think I looked up
the symptoms like it doesn't hurt or
anything so I just been peeing like
every couple of minutes so I think it's
actually just that he's so low on my
bladder because I looked up symptoms
beep what
Hey and then it's so funny because when
it comes to her naptime she'll be like
all awake and she'll be playing and
stuff and you're like what is it
I'll take her out takers hey I don't
think I have a UTI oh look jelly
bean
so um what juniors Joo here's trip shop
has arrived
excited put your new strip trap shh-shh
got the important things yeah he's strip
trap right oh my god I can't wait to go
home and set it up and I'm gonna have to
it's gonna be so cute so cute I think we
got to say one I know when you remember
or did we get a different color one I
can't remember maybe we got a darker one
or something for him we're not sure but
we definitely got a different cushion
actually I think we got the same chair
but just like a different cushion it's
gonna be so cute I have the two rooms if
money is gonna be looking like what well
here second tripped up oh it's a what's
gonna bear dig do I have an option to
choose which one to get into we didn't
buy a harness though because the mean
isn't it he finished with her harness so
there's actually no point in putting a
harness in it
so we just swap Amelia's harness onto
the new one and I keep keep saying his
name in my head Mini's are you in a
crank or are you in a good mood what do
we think
I think it's better both so you went to
sleep with minis she loves her two minis
it's so funny because she doesn't really
like Minnie Mouse like cartoons or
anything she just likes the actual
character isn't that right it's probably
only about a year almost just a little
bit under a little bit over a year ago
that we did this remember I know right
now because these things equal poodles
oh yeah that's true what are these oh I
know and look these are the cushions
that we got so we got the black and gray
I think black and gray I'm not sure but
a media is this one here the pink and
orange and this actually I just washed
so it looks really nice but um yeah
that's gonna be juniors let's see how
cute they look together let's see oh
it's not so cute side by side yeah
because there's no point cuz he's gonna
have hers when you well we've got her
big-girl bed I think we're gonna do is
then I seem too happy to have you here
we're going to
make Amelia's bigger yeah because she
could fit in like one of those chairs
hey guys come on
emini hours upsy-daisy I know we're
gonna put the harness on I know she's
fine with a regular regular chair but
it's just this one is really high yeah
and so it's a bit scary so if you lower
it slightly should be okay okay
well that's a bit too low is it yeah
okay let's plop it up I'm gonna be up
another one more level hot Dan top Dan
are we all ready for junior huh
you get it little friend you gonna teach
him how to eat your own teaching the
rules the rules of food no toys at the
table you in today's you and a minke dog
days yeah just hold out I line that one
too you go jump down yeah garbage get
down herself if I go though
no you're so funny she was named by she
was like lying on the ground just like
in the minute I turn on the camera and
tell her to say it she won't sail say it
don't spray it
say it don't spray it cupcake PJs come
on up up is it nighttime oh my goodness
why is there a frickin compass with tag
head but in the Queen pick another one
another brush no no no we brushed our
hair already The Gruffalo we already did
that very recently so we do another one
my what about the baby baby baby and me
okay good girl that's - where is Peppa
yeah and where's George big girl
Oh where's Miss rabbit yeah I was Petro
very good girl
and yummy idea we're off to see the
Queen here we are miss rabbit squeaks
where is the Queen Emily elephant asks
Queen Suzy sheep cause where are you are
you little feetsies I'm the baby
there's mommy's Daisy movie yeah okay
girl crisp easy oh he's moving he's
saying hi any more yellow
okay
know your names
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
