oh my god we had the baby oh no no we
didn't have the baby sorry I got them
mixed up there we can't have any baby
not having your baby everything went
well baby's still in there right away
we're going to see my doctor today it's
just like a check-up thing but and it's
only it's just the GP so I won't get an
actual scan but I'm not so pressured
they're a lot like I feel like I almost
can't even walk so we'll see what he has
to say
maybe he's engaged let's see we who
knows it's our crown hair laughs well
this time around we're seeing him a bit
more just because I think everything
went pretty smoothly my last pregnancy
I'm not a higher if I have a low risk
pregnancy and so I'm still alternating
there so people in the last like Ovey
Ovey Ovey like for every week you're
supposed to see somebody every single
week but it stopped being the GP a lot
earlier on I could be just one of those
people that always goes leave the only
reason honestly that I don't want them
to come late is because I didn't want it
to be me
roll baby not that there's anything
wrong here but it's like guys on this
board and I prefer yeah a lot of
Johnson's family have birthdays and
ain't brought and I just wanted him to
have his own birthday one it's not that
I was working I know that sounds stupid
but like I just wanted him to have his
own birthday month so that was the only
reason why I like with the media I
didn't really care because there's
living others at the beginning of
September so I knew she was going to be
born of my sister's wedding day
no motion Warner
Oh is our wedding anniversary is on my
sister's so
Oh temer that happen
so April Fool's imagine our daughter
September 11 oh my god we had the baby
oh no no we didn't have the baby
sorry I got them mixed up that we can
have any baby not having the baby
everything went well baby's still in
there by the way we think that was last
we all said goodbye and we're like he
can't he's like you can't come back
again yeah he did say you're nice and
neat
you need to pregnancy yeah we already
seem like I always said if you just do
this it's like you do not look pregnant
at all like just what's that you bloated
you drink like 16 gallons of Kohler so
now the whole lot what am I making the
old man
sorry little Amelia ever cares that we
go away somewhere
hi everyone Tess come on come all right
and how was it with the dogs and stuff
cool
did you miss me did you miss me at all
at all one percent anything nothing is
there hope
Oh God Hulk hug me no oh oh I'm sorry
you know Erica more than me he stole it
my child huh
she's so good that way that you can just
let abandoning her and she doesn't mind
which is good sometimes ya doin
did I catch you hugging mommy having
something Amelia did you put the screw
in the tuna that generation won't know
about the screw in the tuna we're going
a little walk friend
you look like Biggles it better I don't
know I might get left somewhere car is
the stroller in there no daddy's in
there oh let's go let's go guys get in
he'll be ready the chariot awaits
all right oh crap the seat isn't in here
look at you
Amelia immediately can I give it girl
uh-huh
no car seat all right you stay there a
second when you flick open your car all
right let's get your little friend here
I'm bored
oh come on little friend I like your hat
it's chilly chilly oh you stepped on
your friend I don't want a head that was
since the sweater like the dog has never
been added as much did rain yesterday
but I'm arranging it this morning it's
all we can see it's actually a nice the
sea view and everything over there it's
so nice come on let's go if she stops
and starts getting tired
I'll just go ahead oh she realized this
Walker just walkush Mike again come on
doggies get your ducky friends Oh give
her a stick let's get a stick
let's heave mom's here mom's like it
picking sticks
I know no one's outright actually no
one's not bad friends it's not quite the
the stick of destiny
that we hide you today but you know what
she didn't pick it it was already off hi
thank you
you want it you want it oh you want
mommy to carry you can you hold the
flower so dad is like a million miles
away and Amelia wants me to carry her
already
kind of wish stroller fast and he was
like no no no it'll be fine
holy where are you going
where are you going you're gonna catch
up with dad I mean it's not her fault
she gets tired
she's only boy huh huh is it a birdie
Oh more flowers she's very good she
doesn't pick them she just takes the
ones that have already been picked oh my
god it's so funny when you see people's
reactions when I walk past like kids
always like I would be the same like if
I didn't actually have six Maltese
puppies device let someone else walking
along with six Maltese puppy I'd be like
oh my god I need to stop you there
listen I always say don't like me it's
not worth the kids always say to people
without kids like but deep down inside
we love it
if I had six kids as much as the
nightmare that would be I'd love all I
would I would accept that nightmare I
accept my punishment to you gang they
are a lot of work they accept my
punishment this right now we found a
shell where's your shell can I see can I
see thank you thank you
pretty come on let's go this way are you
going
set a tree
set a tree how beautiful is that look at
the way the light captures the water and
the Sun reflecting on huh it's so
beautiful isn't it it's not like
picture-perfect no no I just thought
that I think guys time and I she's like
I like I like it's so pretty oh my god
sure your toes tinkle toes my leg
she's never barefoot down here as also
she's all excited no black feet hmm I
know I know
here show mommy your toes oh oh my
goodness for Juna mm-hmm
I thought red would just done there a
bit more but she likes it she loves it
and I was gonna do her no not the first
time but now she's older like she wanted
it and she was like picking the color
and her to this value like that imagine
over 18 oh well it's not silly but it's
just I could bring Amanda said there's
these places like you know nail bars and
stuff where you can actually do like a
mommy-and-me thing oops now yeah what
did she say it was I can't remember did
she say like New York we do your finger
nails
I don't want to know about doing them
though cuz I think that might be bit
scary
okay dinner's nearly ready and I just
noticed immediately I just came walking
into the room here Emilia Emilia looks
so funny
don't drop that in the floor don't drop
that in the floor
don't do it put it on you look so cute
look look put it on the right way put it
on the right way look goes on like this
there you go uh-huh
you gonna be a horse trader it looks
like a horse riders how much I think
horse like this can use two garel the
gay rope rope so Gigi Anna's protesting
I have made broccoli in today's dinner
be heard in their faux fur folks I did I
didn't consent to the broccoli in the
dinner forever broccoli chicken it's
gonna it's gonna somehow turn into green
Thai curry power of imagination taught
and universe what let me put this on
okay what's your hands put your hand in
all right gotta get back to my
imagination working let's find you some
suitable attire for a bedtime time whoo
I know Bobby and Cena that seems like a
nice one
all right these ones well these are nice
huh yeah that's a nice little
correctional you think no we look this
is grandma
because my mom has red hair and she's
Irish and she has freckles and she's
pale skinned so this is beautiful you
know like Slayer you know make it dance
you know things like that you know um
yeah I saw it amazing and like I'm kind
of like Jedward at the same time chance
a like yeah yeah it's like epic yeah ha
ha I'm like a heavy metal top star jaw
mermaid is that what that what I'm like
Sarah like Oh
oh you've a kiss give her a hug give her
a hug
nah take it all right friend signs say
good night mmm Oh an old one they call
me el rato smart absolutely amazing
that's really wonderful
all right folks here over at the BBC we
must say good night good night and
thanks for watching
hello you what you want to say something
to the chaps all the wonderful chaps at
home that are watching and tune in every
night at 6 p.m. they're never late
are you ever named they're never late
yeah a cup of tea they catch on the chat
looks great with wonderful service a
good night I'm gonna be a second nice
your friends okay things are getting
violent here folks I think when anything
to go because things are getting violent
so get back to your friends you mean
they'll say good night yeah so I could
have it I'll take it
night-night guys thanks for watching see
you tomorrow
hi no no we don't mind here
okay the person is hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
ha
