take all shall not pass I am Amelia
degre today's and today's stick comes
from the northern range collection Oh
lovely
Oh Oh last one I'm gonna keep that one
that one's epic
my heart and votes and I had a rough
night so magnetic super early morning to
the pharmacy trying to hook her up we
got a prescription for some stuff a
while ago and she's never really needed
it and then last night she kind of felt
that she did so I won't go into the
details because I don't know she wants
to share it out for the information but
I'm I'm heading there now
and it's really tough because it's a
bank holiday weekend here in Arlen it's
like st. Patrick's Day APOD today
tomorrow but st. Patrick's Day weekend
so everything is like super shut is like
the War Center last night you picked up
the worst time ever hopefully she has
this baby seal because he's havin a hard
time of it so I
Junior listen to me listen to me junior
you're putting your mother chewing off
mahogany I was saying I was like you
know I in a better night you're having
this like it's a real tough one
we knew I wasn't them Steph any of these
symptoms no really I was really like
just like oh I can see the beautiful
thing this was like pregnant like isn't
a banner I had the nice universe because
then going into it you you were you're
still all like hey guys so I had
probably one of the worst nights ever
last night thank you
good girl that mommy's book you want it
back
I actually just ended up going off to
bed without even like I had started
folding laundry line of sight and I just
had to go up to bed because I since the
beginning of this whole pregnancy like
I've just had the worst constipation
I've kind of said it before but I don't
really like talking about it because
it's like it's embarrassing it's not
very nice you know you don't want to
talk about it but it's been bad like
since since before I even found out I
was pregnant like when I was pregnant
but I didn't even know I was so it's
being pretty bad the whole time but it's
just gotten word and
oh no your slipper fell off mommy's just
talking why not when I put it on so last
night was probably the worst ever being
and you guys know I've mentioned before
the hemorrhoid problem that's like a
result of that I know it's pretty common
in pregnancy why didn't have it last
time so I kind of didn't really know
what to expect but it's really bad and
of course now it's the bank holiday
weekend and all the pharmacies are
closed if you're if you haven't
experienced it you I mean I know some
people are probably gonna be nasty and
like you know make fun or whatever but
unless you've experienced it like you
don't know but if you have experienced
it you know just how awful it it's like
it's just it's not like a joke mm-hmm so
anyway I'm in so much pain right now so
I'm just waiting for Jonathan to come
back sucks that it's a stupid bank
holiday weekend are you often with that
where are you off to huh like then you
can wean it in wheels what's in it oh my
goodness what's in there Wow toys the
wizard little ol boy is up Oh flowers
good job don't put them back in don't
clean up clean up clean up clean up
clean up three you know
Oh operation tire the baby s the gun
come on friend
we're back at Party queef party Queen
it's actually quite sunny here it was
quite cold this morning when I when I
when I went down to the cameras this
morning is chilly so I wrapped ourselves
up well but it seems like since then if
something's now kamesh let's go see
something let's go see some duck friend
let's go see it's kind of technically
Saturday again in Ireland it's like a
double Saturday does the bank holiday
weekend tomorrow tomorrow is st.
Patrick's Day
are you ok you want to go this way my
goodness my friend but I am because of
Anna's impending pregnancy or probably
not that I looked at a parade or
anything tomorrow no our friends just in
case like kicks it all goes wrong or
something happens because if you get
yourself into town on st. Patrick's Day
and you go into labor
there's no way you're getting us up at
the time because the hope is gonna be
locked up what's that
is that a tree a tree
she didn't stop tree tree cheese turkey
Tina turn you brill don't make fun of
you for the rest of your life because
you're Irish gives it away we say tree
trees and turds Johnny he that's a tree
and then that that's tree and tree tree
tree 33 in a church I don't know why
we've died in a wire talk like that
whoa whoa what happened there come on I
think they're actually pooping or
something I'm not sure
let's just go what is your obsession
with trees now we walked around we
touched every tree along the way tree
there we go well done move on to the
next one
what is tucks underneath there you see
though I mean I look gosh Stuckey's
huh
so Jonathan went out with Amelia and I
actually just got back into mr. Chavez
because the medicine just worked but I'm
in a lot of pain right now
so just to be over well I feel a lot
better
I'm just in a lot of pain but compared
to what I was feeling like before
look I'm not obviously blocked up
anymore so I just have a lot of pink I'm
really grateful that Jonathan took me
out I'm so grateful and then of course
tomorrow or hopefully tomorrow up
tomorrow I'll be back to a hundred
percent but tomorrow Erica's coming
again so at least I have that I'm so
thankful it's just the pregnancy is
making it like so much worse because I
still have this baby in me you know and
it's like a bodily process problem so
it's just oh it's just like don't blow
trouble say I mean I mean they say thou
shalt not pass
stick to stick in turn say thou shalt
not pass
take all doubt shall not pass
I am Amelia de Grey today's and today's
stick comes from the Lord of the Rings
collection Oh lovely oh oh last one
gonna keep that one that one's epic
don't be cheeky but when it's gonna bug
some people you get that lunch money oh
oh oh my god you see your clothes oh my
god I am in so much trouble I'm in so
much trouble friend let's get this in
sort of a ninja or something I mean they
decided to trade him stick for a
daffodil daffodil just excited enough to
walk anymore decided she'd like dad to
pick her up and bring her all day at
home but we're gonna when we get about
half way we're gonna swap over a million
to pick me up he's not the deal you made
broken oh the work at the workouts you
get from having a kid although it's like
I always put on this side so this arm is
like stronger than Indian or to eating
the grapes straight off the vine hmm I
don't wait this one look like this one
just don't need any stocks okay cuz
that's kind of dangerous no II didn't
know oh my god I've never seen anything
like this in my life before up CD in
fact up Stacy is almost over mania
played outside for so long with her
friends
on the green and it was so cute says
watching her from the window
Jonathan was it with her like talking to
the other dads and I was watching her
and she was like oh our neighbor next
door has
Fidelis she was obsessed at that much if
you had so many if she was like but I
was watching her play and she just
looked so small compared to all the
other because most of them are older
than her but she had so much fun and
then she was out there for a really long
time and so she almost missed her nap
and then when she went down for her nap
she was still so excited even though she
was tired like I know she's gonna be
tired when it comes to bed time I took
my second dose to full that's called and
so I don't know what says sometimes it
takes at 48 hours so I'm still kind of
waiting but I was gonna wait until
tonight to take it but just because
things have gotten so bad I didn't I
just took your imma let take two doses a
day so I just an even I when I was
watching yesterday's vlog like this all
kind of started last night and when I
was watching yesterday's vlog goes like
this
why are you know I'm happy I went wrong
oh just don't want to be in this pain
anymore
another sleepy one we watch Upsy Daisy
Upsy Daisy come on
she loves her raisins
so last night we tried tea tonight we
try spicy Indian food oh yeah friends
we're getting and then everyone same try
pineapple so maybe tomorrow we'll add
when you come pineapples see you how
that works
oh my god it's hot it's hot I think I
got some korma yeah you some corners
that was love friend gonna make you a
try to make your way today yeah the
dining area okay what I'll take mini
okay I'll say I'll take mini - you want
to make your way to the dining the
dining area for you you bring your
friends maybe I have a lovely I have a
lovely seat available for you here it's
got a great view it's got dogs
oh oh you crushing me you know dr.
crusher Wesley Crusher
all right pick something which ones I
she is hey hey don't just try everything
on the floor I'm just traveling on the
floor don't destroy everything on the
floor oh all right friend I can't get a
sign for us to send to the bathroom
well we're in a bedroom but they're
different bedroom boys a little Guinness
the wizard there the wonderly wizard
where is he
hold for wizard this is my friend Amelia
I heard out Amelia allowed me down oh
the hand has been removed from my
buttocks
I do not have a hands do you have to
give me a hug give me a hug give Scotty
a hug that Detective Beckett Beckett
Beckett Beckett Beckett Beckett is how
didn't get know what let us go I just go
yonder wonder one okichi he's gonna get
in trouble for all this mess huh
certainly won't be you
please no I don't even know why these
are is like hospital bag is that what
you pack
it's an anything Baba their first
massage in college we were like maybe
it's Kiko or Fobo keep going boh boh ii
huh whoa whoa whoa
let's see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching say bye bye say bye bye oh well
take it whoa hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
