hee-yaw Oh
oh nice Shh
will we give Bianca some tea thanks very
much thank you
good girl
are you gonna help and maybe that likes
to help when I brush at the doggies but
sometimes she could be a bit rough she
takes the brush and like it's sometimes
good she doesn't understand the concept
of like brushing like this you're
dressing down looks very funny like that
wait you're dressing down gone crazy
girl
so I've done everybody bar yang well I'm
in the middle of doing Bianca and then
I'm gonna do a lousy Theo is done first
he'll I think that's tio there or else
it's that one I think all right everyone
time to make yourself to the car look at
the medians where the new car Deacon
only I know those boots
okay a huge design quickly everyone grab
a seat grab a leash this thing makes my
hair feel like every time we get in the
car
and this thing's open as nice as it is
when more like finished like afterwards
your hair is always like that's a jumper
Bridget Jones she's like one today going
she got that River I never understood
that as a man anyway so all the doggies
are in the back and media is in the back
they're not happy but that's understand
it is a stroller because I can't
once we picked up or whatever is only
half the stroller today
it's so pretty it's so nice let's go I
mean is leaving away today you walk in
the guys gonna walk away I'm not sure
I'll give you kind of the only one I
trust
we're just funny that you're like oh
I'll be like he's lost a train I'm
actually at here in a t-shirt a t-shirt
glad we've escalated the situation to
teach and wetter oh I am actually
wearing a terminal vest underneath the
t-shirt what's wrong did you everything
see Carrie public is that what you want
huh what do you want is that not good
enough
we go home and get the other stroller so
Amelia had a little bit of a meltdown
she didn't want she wanted me to carry
her like she didn't she got tired which
is fine that's why I brought the
stroller and then she wanted me to carry
her and I'm like no way friend okay
I'm nine months pregnant I know you
don't understand she had a meltdown but
she's in her stroller right now and I
think she's okay I know yeah I'll be you
need to keep with American standards of
our videos have the gate title yeah and
the judge I don't know why are you guys
going there all the birds in the world
are turning into my hair today
oh geez okay they're all pooped look at
them stay nice and calm amazing I know I
always have a picnic right there here
you want to see the doggies just up here
okay what fine
Oh how would always be her yeah I think
that was her brilliant a brilliant
situation hi hi good morning
just the top no no it's fine don't worry
you just take care of Amelia what I
think I know I left me now good morning
again good morning again these are these
are furious lies
I am I never make any mess I never make
a mess the 1900 a nightclub
I don't it's true they're not lies what
is it baby
huh that she's so cute
three no no I'm gonna attempt once I put
you to bed I'm gonna attempt to do the
garden it's like the first quarter of
the year
I think it needs to happen yeah yeah
Cooper and shave it give it a shave all
over sharp back insides that's what I'm
gonna give it huh get some lunch
cleansing lunch lunch lunch hey you
there hey you there
the media can say juniors real name like
90% right so our plan right I'll let you
know this right everything we keep
saying his name over and over again if
she said it a couple of times by the way
on camera but you don't know what you're
listening for what oh is that so we're
gonna try and get him to actually say it
perfect so when junior comes um maybe
like a few days after so I will get
Amelia to reveal his name to you but let
her try and get Amelia to reveal the
name and as almost says the name as well
don't you trying to break in
everything yeah it was like
you know man issues oh you only one that
newbies that hey but you're not good
they eat our gears boarding that'd be so
cool oh yeah that would be an awesome
name reveal you get immediate to do it
what's your brother's name
oh you enjoy your lunch meant father
must go I am like by the way I am a
strike on style icon ass icon style I
call for 21st century I paired up my
buttonless um we call them Schwartz with
navy blue these Tommy Hilfiger ones yeah
yeah Tommy Hilfiger Sox go Hawks
black navy bear started like our lives
you guys want a no TV no hello garden
it's been a while
and we're done difference I was better
looking is that look so much better it's
kind of hard to see that bit there
that's in the dark he's a bit damp so
I'm gonna try not to let the dogs out
for a while
so don't have green paws and then the
green parts come in here health gets
messy I get blamed we get divorced
Amelia has shared custody Junior doesn't
even know his father because I've never
moved to Alaska and I'm cutting down
trees like Dexter mean Dexter our
friends we live in an apartment together
then we get a show on NBC
it goes really well Amelia wants to know
he comes back to me then Anna comes
running back to me then apparently get
back together and there's a : Tony's
reunion ok for that that's what would
happen
it's sleepy time time sleepy time we're
at
so media did not go down that three like
she is supposed to like she usually does
I mean she wouldn't cuz she fell asleep
on the way home from the walk and she
got like I mean it was only like 15
minutes or so but sometimes when she
power naps like that then she it takes
longer for her to go down that's the
only reason why we don't really like her
sleeping in the car it's not that she's
tired all day long or trying to keep her
awake she gets enough sleep trust me she
gets like 12 hours sleep at night and
then she gets two hours in the day so
you know she definitely gets enough
sleep so I'm owning it every single day
since I get my stretch marks there
the other ones actually I got with the
medium and then they just stretched it
again like they've just gotten worse but
um other than that I haven't got any
like I ran this sites or anything
they're just veins but um yeah it's
getting super itchy so I'm boiling my
belly like every twice a day every day
but I think I might put some more oil on
just because usually it when it gets
itchy that's a sign that there's
something happening like there's search
joy's for me all the way it's a little
bump there's something that was like a
bite from earlier on the walk or
something I thought yeah so I'm gonna
maybe take a nap now cuz I got my
editing done and Johnson was like you
need to go to bed but I think he just
wants to watch helix tedsters
didn't you think quiet wait I definitely
did not because our family's coming over
later and then we're gonna have dinner
and I play call together and if I don't
nothin in between then I won't be any
company at all because I'll just be
exhausted easy here I come I'm the only
of
one she's got a baby he's got two minis
and she's got her baby it's always
writing this timer in half six so after
like her nap depending today she naps to
bed 4 to 6 so 3 to 5 because like I said
when was the last time you had just
owned and played on the radio I feel
like I'm a teenager again
what did you say what is it oh my
goodness I feel one of my fifty years
old it's Fugees fuji's Fugees ah good
sure cannot believe they don't notice
lads that's the shame of it people
people you you know the Fugees gee him
to the best song ever ever okay well
what's what's the best song ever today
technically I am just going to drown you
out I'm going to brown out with real
music it was like jam like such a it's
like penny we genders
oh my god this is well packed normally I
can just jump the car here I couldn't
matter like halfway down the road oh my
goodness that's okay
they're not like cupidus hopefully it's
nice an MP a media has an obsession with
a mouse boots for some reason where's
Emma's boots
where's Emma's no that's your dolly
where's it can I see you done
can I see no you're gonna give dolly to
OMA or Emma or Stefano
Katzie is breaking her bear I don't know
I don't know it seems that a lot all
under the sauce is actually saying
different on them so I seem that it's
just curry sauce
it's a same and then there's German I
think this one is a common sauce I'm
making it up as I go along and then
immediately which actually take it as
gospel food okay that's enough tea you
had enough tea for tonight back to the
teapot are you having a good party
oh you drunk you sneaking their drinks
no are you going through just root him
out in the floor right away hey hey hey
Tito your number no you sniffing - oh
mama bye
I think you fine new voice has been
stolen that's it noon visas gone you're
gonna live in Dublin videos alright I'm
gonna go do something we're gonna have
some of this oh we've got like this is
this the one that we bought for Amelia
but we never used supposed to actually
bring a bond labor isn't it oh my
goodness give you imagine yeah but can't
I'm gonna boil the kettle how exciting
there we go there you go alright you go
ma'am here's your baby yeah I know I
really well oh my goodness did you
imagine begin with one cup a day and
then gradually move up to three so it
could do nothing could do nothing or it
could be because he he has dropped in
the last day or so he has definitely
dropped again we'll find out soon guys
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
