go
good gracious I can't seem to start
Gia's gonna go to bank right what are
you gonna buy great oh no way I'm
misleading you I'm not bringing the
GoPro we're not going on a bike ride
sorry I misled you they're pretty good
about that
Hey Baby wanna go my name is every
effort anyone ever use that as a pickup
line like hey so uh we're gonna bike
ride somebody do that this weekend
seriously go do that this weekend right
and then like tweet me or leave me a
comment and let me know how it went and
like oh my god it worked
you know it's so like you said it's all
sailors me I think what I'm gonna bike
ride you'd be like okay that sounds
harmless sounds like what you get their
attention back after that phases right
hi your honor gonna fight guys right on
up my guys if they say no be like Oh
linkie doing that until they change
their minds yes he's gonna work
guess who came o my cane is oh my here
hey and you know when she when I told
her that Eric I was coming this morning
like I tell her every morning she's
trying to sing mama cuz I think she
knows that you bring her what like she
never sees she doesn't usually see Omaha
the mornings and I have locked Bianca in
there cuz she was being a bowl girl so
that's white stop making my feet um but
she was so excited she keeps giving her
she gave her her Jews and she gave her
her mini mess
hey her - Minnie my ste she's so
confused like why are you here and then
yesterday when we brought Erica home she
saw the house and she started saying
mama I told you that didn't I yeah yeah
okay Sina licking my fix I put um body
butter up do you do
excuse me where's your bow bow it's on
the table did your bow fall off so I'm
just bringing Erica home and immediate
with me because I knew she would have
gotten too upset if we just left like
and then Jonathan still kind of working
so we thought we would all come together
and I'm just no it's not
oh my yet she thinks were everything is
OMA
everything's OMA anyway I just stopped
at the shop but um we were trying to
keep her awake because her nap times
like that three it's like okay according
to my car's 801 I don't know what times
like how maybe half one
it's after 1:00 anyway so because Eric I
usually comes like 10:00 till 1:00 and
um so I'm trying to keep her awake
because like she has to have her lunch
and everything and then go down at 3:00
and then where my brother is actually
over from Swift's he move so often
Switzerland and so he's over and we're
going to my mom's house tonight and then
my uncle is down as well from Dublin so
there's lots and lots going on
but anyways I'm just gonna pop into the
shop for a second
well I leave the windows open is it
really hard
hurry you guys help me please blah blah
Blee days don't even know to believe me
don't know please
Johnny Masami we could play crazy yeah
me wait there tonight we wait for
tonight
all right wait for tonight looking quite
nice with the way oh honey because I
totally forgot to get Erika a bread roll
today so maybe you drop your home all
right I mean I don't even worse there's
a faucet Oh years okay what's it listed
hey hi hi say hi to my friends say hi to
my friends are your friends to say hi hi
hi Jenny go to bike ride your motorbike
right oh my god imagine really actually
has a little bike with a basket or
something in it
I know ask yourself what age are you
when I age any you guys are kids what
age is it when they start all going on
bikes it's like two like you know once
it stabilizes himself and like My Little
Ponies or something I don't let me know
oh you should feet use your feet you
gotta use your feet
you should feet stuck your feet oh
here's your feet these you're sitting on
me how do you do it you want to go put
it you're sitting a mini and something
else what's this wait is that mini - are
they both minis well they are do that
get me out I'll take this I'll take this
okay okay he kept all your drop it you
drop this I'm gonna get it I'm gonna go
and get it I'm gonna get it you got it
you got
guys bad time friend so funny now
because you always take the toiler to
bed
it's like soaps sanity if you don't
mention she's super funny red chilly
says that now
I think somebody woke up from her nap
I have she fell asleep - why is open I
first season as well and some guy it's
like 5 to 5 so it is time for her to
wake up anyway but you always get cold
callers here and it totally he rang the
door button and totally woke her up did
you just bite your dream car
ah the Hello Kitty hmm what's wrong did
you have a nice sleepy sleep I think she
just bit her finger foot night clearance
never does not work
watch your dorky friends yeah which one
which one
look at your bed it's so nice and cozy
did Jeff and I sleep hello kitty oh I'm
gonna get out we go down oh my goodness
we're so late because the media run out
and then like because it's kind of
getting somewhere all the kids in our
road all start gonna and play and she's
at that age now or she can go out and
start play with them hey she kept
bringing me back balls yeah yeah and
then all the parent world yeah we're
always like talking to the parents and
kids played and you don't want to take
her away from that she's having so much
fun I really have to go which is like
this one gives another kid like he's 18
months as well and then it's like
there's two euros and three-year-olds
and four-year-olds and stuff we're
getting all girls as well just like two
boys in the road well soon to be three
really fight for a five minutes but for
for that five minutes are you gonna go
come on come on she's make it up the
hills River for so long going she wasn't
able to get up the hill
oh damn it seems anyone home I'll get
the door
I'll get my boyfriend's how is she likes
tea oh sorry
so happy if you finally got it right
you want straight America whoa what do
you do what do you done
okay channel not install what you want
you want you want fun channels all right
there must be a kid's channel somewhere
what why I'm getting you a good channel
oh my god it's just like turkey peeper
or something in the kitchen she walked
to the door and she's just like just
turned her hands it left there's just so
many people there I don't know I don't
know why I don't think this remote
controls real friends I don't think this
is a real wolf you PC doesn't seem to do
me anything no no it's a fake remote the
joke remote whoa you're gonna be a Blues
player look go
flow now blow
now I can use up go
what what okay
you go
ah
go
oh you didn't go big huh
look she's gonna make a normal chair
yeah Sutton had to sit furniture oh
thanks kinda I'm on a corner for two
yeah I didn't get a lot of real estate I
know she says she is Stefano picture up
and so Paul what all right we're gonna
go home to my friends the jackets did
you go then we give it a shot shots did
you go to bed oh you don't say bad I'm
trying big come on let's go
whoa that's what happens when you queue
for the best food in Douglas there's
always a mental cue so think of me I had
a lot of fun let's no Stefano
II know she can always say it but he's
like the tallest person in the world so
he was a bit concerned about that part I
think he was more just like nervous
because when she walked in there were so
many people
but you'll see them again tomorrow so
boom boom your little cute you know not
you gonna say bye-bye to your friends a
nightmare bye-bye
probably can't see anyone say bye-bye
you can see her yeah say bye-bye friends
and I met by my friends night night says
you guys tomorrow bye hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
