hello hello chap um why are you so scary
okay okay you go one at a time go pass
okay okay they're coming for us okay
first let's go
look how cute this girl's outfit is how
cute you look we're gonna do an outfit
of the day come here oh isn't it so cute
though you go okay come on come on let's
go
I know it's tough summary I think she
likes place
what's that book what take it well I
think it yours
look ma cute you your tits you
Chikatilo they take it has a capital m
capital but the T and the go gold it's
this one is it oh it's a goose is it
I said wondering like
thank you thank you see I thought as a
swan first I was worried we're gonna
attack her oh really
okay terrific she's making a communion
or something okay okay okay okay I'm
walking over a mug and giving him a
white bread it's very hot that was
really scary okay we're safe these wings
don't attack I don't think they attack
hello hello Chuck um why are you so
scary
okay okay you go one at a time go pass
okay okay they're coming for us okay
okay first let's go okay wires why are
you all so hostile there's everybody
pick a movie we've been owned by all the
wildlife they can find is there hurt
yeah okay isn't it okay he's coming over
Hey
he doesn't look as scary hello hello
well bones a cow it's a cowboy it's a
cow duck oh yeah did you see the crowd
up cow duck these are harmless can you
catch one can you catch one
look at that one yeah that one
whoa what happened there her face in the
I flew away we should bring her to Rome
you know the where all the birds are let
it run to it I did that once but it was
the main square in Amsterdam you can run
through it and all the birds like okay
over there
we got Maltese you know tiny though
Ivy's on the run uh-huh we get Alby
where's the fun let's go it's like it's
like second inning inning inning inning
inning lunchtime lollipop we're trying
to rush to lunch because it is we're
trying to get Amelia in bed ten minutes
and she's kind of fall asleep in the car
well we kind of kept awake and then she
kept falling asleep
look at these things here I met with a
printer because I'm looking at am
creating insert title stickers know like
sticker sheets you know my laptop is
like covered in stickers well I think
stickers are really cool and I was like
I wonder if M we can make like the
friendliest renting a sticker and then
like you know I'm official friendliest
fan they're like sticker designs made up
they won't be all circles like you just
gave me these are m0 velvet or velcro or
something like that like they're really
hard quality so I just gave me a sheet
to test but um would you guys be
interested in that and you'll be cool
you know I wanted to do it because I
wanted in front my itself and then I was
like well maybe under hoop might be
interesting that you know you know where
the Apple my cars are at yeah where you
have like the sticker
you know I'm an official friend is
friending or like you know all right
guys who our designer and see them see
if she can move up so my some
interesting designs but I'm leave me a
comment if you're interested local book
came and I got this book like two
contented baby or toddler book Jean
afford you you bought this because you
have the other one don't you probably
got like a million things from Estee
Lauder that is so cool and I came in all
the right shades and everything than
that that is so cool I don't remember I
just I started using some of this and
look at this book this is so cool oh my
God look at that I mean that is so cool
to go through all the ways of pregnancy
Amelia's life that is so cool that is
cool
that's that's not cool I know but look
what I got
right so I got a little key ring name
because I have to get back and then I
want to swap at the licensing preheats
birthday
oh you know a lot of people are asking
me to end put up videos on my owner
challenge you know and that would Eric
except I actually find that I have a
little bit extra time and I was thinking
of doing that but I don't want to do
just like tag videos or any not kind of
boring stuff you know so I was like what
am i talking parts of my life that I
don't put into vlogs and I don't talk
about cuz I'm like you guys I think
that's boring like the applying and the
cars and animation computer and stuff
and lots of stuff I don't talk about it
so I'm thinking maybe I should start
making videos on my other channel about
those aspects in life but I know some of
you guys aren't really interested in
that stuff
maybe some of you guys aren't into like
car modifications and biking mountain
biking and stuff like that or computer
animation or a kind of stuff Nespresso
coffee toasted sandwiches I don't know
just joking about so yeah we'll see you
there
that turns into something it may not but
if you leave me encouraging comments
it might just no speaking what it's
juniors name you can't even tell what
you are doing so I got that letter for
his door yeah but we got a letter first
or put put your x-ray specs away hey
I'll be stop stop stop it's not for you
look there's a bow bow
see the bow bow and what does it say a
media and the flower you love flowers
yeah check her not be first
you've gotten so smart like she knows
nap time and she knows bedtime Oh
in fact we're half an hour over not
Stang I'm really happy about my book
come I actually can't wait to read this
book but I had the other one is a
contented little baby and I found it
really good like some people are really
a glance yeah he's a keen a baby when
she was always contended right I mean he
has a damn fire nap and Jonathan
actually made me come up here cuz I
usually kind of try and half like I'll
half edit and a half nap during this
time on the couch so I might like edit
some or like write some for my blog and
then like fall asleep halfway through or
whatever and then wake up again do some
more work and then three but he was like
why don't you just get like a full nap I
just poured a bed and instead of just
half sleeping on the couch just like get
an actual full nap so that's what I'm
doing here so I'm gonna try and get like
I think I have party another hour
fingers crossed before she wakes up and
my videos already been uploaded for the
day on that roll with these videos it's
all thanks to Erica it's amazing who's
this
oh it looks like this is a crime scene
here looks like it was shot or something
Oh buddy okay
nobody's dead no no no no no no oh my
god no way Tara's right to get way worse
you all this to me okay
no no button happens right that's the
story we're sticking with nothing
happened you're hearing me dolly don't
be telling people you just watch your
guavas they're good people know that
what happened
it's a party fun and that pizza party
Friday night pizza party Friday night we
got the labor special the labor of love
huh
you gonna get a pizza you gonna have a
pizza party Friday night I know it's
Thursday night for us protecting me it's
Friday night for you
so we have it's Friday for them check
the counter these lads yeah technicality
lights and see where they're on I got
you one that's Anna and Amelia's pizza
okay option 1 or in the jaw feature
sweet chillies peppers chicken barbecue
sauce under his face known to mankind
you recognize or this thing which is
what is in that fat add tomato rocket or
some spinach or something I don't know
come on everybody yeah and you know it
leaves a smile would you smile Banyon no
way and you'll be so really show it if
you're happy and you know it click the
like button
I think it's night time friends and you
know it but this my Yankee Yankee can't
even see you can even see see you next
time
hey bye say bye bye like night we don't
we get a night night out of you anymore
mate again again we're gonna be stuck
here all night long so I'll let you guys
don't so you guys to sit here in this
that's out 4 million times what again ok
hold on a second here we go oh it's back
again brilliant that sounds exciting
doesn't it tomorrow I'll come to your
house I don't find you and I lick your
ears for your escape that's what I do
come on hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
