Moses Walker
again
the best day ever
it's gonna be
it's not a
it's all condensate it up okay great
connotated up we're gonna go gonna go
hallucinations you get up again soon
go swimming before I may need agreed up
keep skating keep mashing they're coming
again everything
I think you need to get
but it always remember that's yeah the
first time you ever went in the pool
listen Carter firstly great who's
retarded go to the waterfall
you look at the waterfall you take any
lighter
I'm so cute like they're happy to you
happy half terrified of her life you
glad you came to Cardiff
and which it hurts it that's it
all right we made it back to the room
mm-hmm you wait there a second okay I'm
just gonna get dressed okay and then we
get to breakfast yeah yeah she looked
really funny here no it's a little baby
in a giant bed always a classic always a
classic little baby in a jibe at
breakfast time I'm trying to get our
regular table which is over there but
someone took a regular table messy yeah
so my regular k1 heading to a
meet-and-greet somewhere out there very
soon I've no idea where we are within
stroller parking goodbye hotel getting a
lefty in with our coffees and then we're
heading somewhere science Jose no I'm
holding a coffee here for you
okay I'll have any other side alright
yep nice
still the way live for the moment you
say will be just fine under the stylist
we talk for hours the tales she spoke so
divine my old friend where are you going
to let's raise a glass days to come this
time is there ours let's make a memory
that lasts
this is the rock'n'roll the
rock-and-roll lifestyle you don't see
you guys lost in the back alley
somewhere with delivery trucks Oh No and
his cars coming no clue where we are
truck blocked away because he was
delivering somewhere so somewhere and
here is WH Smith oh I think we found
something
yeah sure opens we found it oh I know as
I said we made it here we've come up in
the world we have a pool table behind
the scenes in WH Smith
keep your fill
wrong
a little
we are done with Cardiff we're done
retarded
we have being Cardiff ID putting all the
stuff in the car and we're getting ready
to go back in the legend hope you're
gonna go to the services we have this
game we're planning in this game okay I
know it's gonna work out one item you
know in services just like 20 or 30
restaurants will be a one thing
varieties yeah we can get one item each
place to share that I wanna see we're
actually worth maybe that's a good one
actually more glamour of backstage life
that's squeezing between a truck and a
wall only Matt could do this now skills
by the sensors going off oh my god you
can't you touch that juggling when we
did the big walkies we need to be
walkies in there in the castle I'm gonna
castle in there Bianca the next meter
will be funny
hello everybody it's like a squashy
Jeremy is gonna squish into like this
so we're somewhere in England and left
Cardiff and burn England's now not in
Wales anymore people not a welcome one
so more just the stinky chair but I feel
like we've been here before
I don't know when we've definitely been
here before did you say it it's because
you got the blood right now are you
saying yeah we're back in England if
anyone asks we're at table number three
all right
no I'm just gonna push back into my
chair
what is this I don't want to be judged
no more delicious than delicious well he
shouldn't get me any prize that's the
main thing we did the roulette game yeah
we got it with a Burger King and cost
the coffee boom and we are home nobody
knows
they'll be hold on oh no don't cry
where are they where the Munchkins we're
too much where are those little
munchkins yeah hey no hey no what's
going on in here we having a dance party
I have it is 10 plus 5 I'm gonna try and
whip this up so you don't lose a vlog
tonight
I gotta do my best this is the Jester so
it's a couple of hours later and Emilien
Eduardo we're here to play the game of
luck hey hey hey hey the game of luck
you have to stand here now remember you
get to pick - how's the - alright wait
here for me I'm gonna check our stashes
probably consider wait wait wait wait
you have to do to knock first
oh my goodness guys our stash is
considerably grown welcome welcome
oh boy oh boy guys the stash this - has
grown okay let's have a look what's this
look at this guy's
oh look friendly as friends Bianca out
no way did you get them those away
is no squiddy that's really cool guys
okay let's go come on
five four hmm
what is that Amelia that looks nice
short wardo short or no
guardo I think they've got shoes on okay
I don't want it I don't want to
misrepresent it but I feel like they
might be wearing shoes water will we
check I'm gonna open it see if they got
shoes on they have shoes they have shoes
window oh yeah look guys we got bouncy
eggs okay come on quickly quickly
quickly quickly could be quickly not
quickly quickly
oh what's in this one Alessia I'll come
back to that later that is from love
from Steph this is love from Steph and
it's a happiness jar whenever you're
feeling sad you pick out a happy thought
isn't that nice from Steph this is
Eduardo you're great what do you mean
yeah well says a puppy a puppy we have
six dogs 27th dog that's so cute hey
dogs would be quite enough look at this
one Amelia
oh yeah ooh face pain body art face
knickers see I assume zooms you got face
glitter that looks like you have three
things though yeah yeah well thank you
everybody so much for all your nice
gifts for the children limited editions
Oh does it not all right okay okay
Amelia unless you are swimming this
morning and last night she started to
try and walk herself and she's talking a
lot he's talking yeah she's trying to
you know yeah I'm kind of walking
talking and swimming I can't actually do
you want to see yeah okay I see you come
here good she's doing huh that's so good
whoa
