but if he were home anytime between now
and then he'd be okay perfect all right
yeah wouldn't wouldn't be at all were
doing Infini of yourself and avoid him
on that
here she is okay let's watch Handy's she
here she coming like you go on a walk is
like oh I don't walk eat what you like
leave you on the wall huh what what one
way no like baby
ah as they get the bag of fortune the
back of fortune
let's see what we got in here so guess
he's on a roll with her videos this girl
I done who just broke is like sits and
like I just filmed another one cuz
eric has here and she was looking after
Amelia wasn't that nice not such a nice
day Jonathan said we should take the
dogs out who he was gonna do it anyway
but I think we're going hey we're gonna
take hanging out too sometimes back to
the hospital
yeah that's mommy's bag
please you cannot carry that that's way
too heavy
don't even try what let's go to the
movies you have to hold on to it
alright that's good I'll be on beep beep
beep look at the amount of doggy friends
you have huh oh my goodness
yes
we go concerned you are so loud Bianca
Navy without your friends are gonna get
you or not in the uggs today I always
put on yoga for heft are you so cute let
me get old for all the dogs maybe so
funny
they're cute they look like they're no
it's yucky in there Danny wait a friend
daddy make it friends come on
why have you just stopped come on let's
go let's go good girl
it is actually unbelievable the
difference it makes for even one person
and just like Erica which is only here a
few hours but like it's so much easier
to get some work done normally like
things that would take me you know
four or five hours and I want to try and
do bits Gentry the day and stuff
where's now you're actually able to do
those things like two or three hours
straight away in the morning get it done
which means that we can get the dogs out
more which means that the media isn't
just like you know watching TV or just
sort of for a little bit someone else's
their computer and I can get more
YouTube videos done ever
okay the difference is 100 person and
that's just so I'm just there to kind of
like helping meet me are just kind of
mind Amelia for a couple of hours every
day it's not wanting to leave for the
difference it makes this is a date one
like you might remember I said I was
like how productive are you this morning
I was ridiculously productive and what
normally takes me like two like two or
three during the day bits and bobs
trying to get stuff done
like I don't what kind of talk I was
like what everyone was rendering and
stuff I was like what the hell
it's amazing hello Georgina it makes
enough my change around again but the
difference it makes definitely go to the
UK we're gonna have to figure something
out
maybe we could just kidnap Erica bring
her with us or something and you guys
want to come live with us the captured
me in the morning first guys
the flowers the you sniffs spring has
sprung this is Amelia oh are you gonna
pick your first flower
oh if she's a conservationist first
flower she sniff this that's better than
a silly stick em up oh no you gonna put
a bike actually feel like I work in a
sandwich shop here you may have signed
me to have to make huh
whatever Junior's gonna mix as well be
another nine regions hopper design just
sixteen hundreds and reasons I have to
make right now oh my goodness cheese
please
cheese please what are you saying you
still have a flower I do you soon as you
smell my power this just now our power
we're off to see the Wizard The
Wonderful Wizard of gynecology and
obstetrics we're gonna see our OB
Oh buddy whoo bada let's find out this
baby has again renting out she's had the
baby in the Oval Office when I'm trappin
why she said yeah yeah no I know we're
back she's gotta up the bookie in there
for some reason I'm gonna have to go
home and get the bike and all imagine
mattress right not gonna happen like
that no no you know he's gonna say you
know he's gonna say he's like you say no
he'll say nothing
yeah I know he's like such a fashion is
like all right do you think it's coming
like well when's your due date right no
no you have a fiddle in there but my dad
is the baby's coming it up he's like
well I wouldn't want you you know say
something if I get it wrong I guess that
something
that time you know take something out
it's really sad it was a guy in a piano
any better any more like maybe didn't
sleep enough like the sweet house but if
he were many talents and you'd be okay
perfect yeah wouldn't be at all right
identity of yourself and providing
knowing that it was good we're done
friends no baby today no baby baby
excite me now okay so I'm getting a
suite on at 39 weeks which it's 39 which
is funny because based off 31st it's
turning it's 39 weeks that sounds so
weird
but based off of the original
it's actually 40 weeks which is exactly
the same time that I got it the last
time nothing made a difference although
he did say he's almost engaged in the
right position he's going the right way
so he said because I could feel like
I've I told him what I'm feeling lots of
pressure down there and I'm feeling a
lot of like things down there and then
when he called my name like when I was
in the waiting room I got up and
whatever he's just moving his head
around the area
it's like he's borrowing his way down
that's what it is yeah cuz I was talking
to my friends about it who've had kids
and they were one of them was like it
doesn't feel like he's borrowing his way
down there and ice I was like yeah
that's exactly what it feels like he's
going tellers he's you know he's making
his way but that happened like when the
doctor called my name and I actually was
just like hmm like I couldn't get over
second dose like uh-oh
he said the sweep was like a it's a very
high percentage following the sweep that
you go into labor for the Midway that
Midwife said is very high she was like
I'm all for sweeps
yeah she's very Pro bleep so whatever to
see it's funny because last time I was
so you know your first time mom nobody's
really it's an internal exam yeah
nobody's really fiddled I know do you
know what I mean so I was so like scared
for it I was so anxious and this time
because you're so like after you have a
baby okay like coming in taking your
pants off do what you want to know but
everything changes I don't have a baby
you just feel so not violated but it's
just like everybody has seen everything
it's been done before so when he said it
to me I was like yeah that's fine I
don't really care I'm like whatever but
last time I remember when he said I was
like no there's a cake in there there's
a cake you know what's okay hi Bianca
what oh you want to go up here and have
your kid you have any cake are you gonna
have some cake you're gonna have some
cake
I check these oral passes that look like
little love hearts like some special
Valentine's one that we got from the
Italian shop
he's my culo we're also making I'm
making it with as Scottish smoke weight
summon like hey instead of in Northern
Ireland Belva when bell of a Belfast man
and a Scottish woman had a baby poor wee
fella like it's in Philadelphia we're
gonna merge these using of course the
power of imagination we're gonna make
ourselves some num nums cooked grab some
tomatoes some some old and some
philadelphia and it should taste good
look at the hearts you excited look what
daddy made I was just craving this for
some reason I was craving smoked salmon
past our thought Philadelphia cheese and
I just I don't know I it's not like I
came up with it but I just it was in my
head and Jonathan made it so thanks
Jonathan
just giving junior a little head rub oh
my god that is insane he's moving like
crazy I think it's because he moved him
around he said he moved his head yeah
yeah
and then yeah okay he did kind of you
know maybe disturb means I think he's
just all like he someone touched his
head like it's not whoa whoa oh my god
his feet are up here
and he was kicking his feet as are they
somebody actually said on Twitter
account where your username but someone
you know yourself as was a tweeted me in
tech I think and it's gonna go into
labor tonight at midnight and I was just
thinking like all right whatever wise
will you leave those doggies alone poor
Nevaeh getting the squish what can't
imagine if like you actually went into
labor tonight because I actually spawned
it off no no no he's moving he's moving
around like crazy actually thanks giving
birth to six pups they don't know what
the name
can you know I can see it in the real
world but I don't know if the camera huh
just so big kicks whoa whoa there's like
a person in there it is insane all right
we're gonna go deal with this or it's
gonna cook to us going to the hospital
having a baby no yeah
he's so big duh you know you guys think
bye bye say night-night your friends
Emilia mom we didn't get away for a
couple of days now
sorry I'll be okay bye-bye
media say pop bye to your friends say
night-night Oh see you guys later
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
