I think the baby is coming I think the
baby's gonna come when were in the car
what would you think of that
imagine Jonathan's in the shop and the
baby comes it was just me with Amelia
like she's got her little slippers on
good morning and welcome to the pocket
tease on this sunny day that's not a
mistake I'm not saying it wrong there's
actually Sun in the sky
Thursday he's gonna gun in the sky it's
incredible it's amazing I actually
checked my eyes I thought maybe I'm a
loose they're having some sort of crazy
lucid dream and you guys watch
revolution
I brought the nanotech was in my brain I
was just projecting this false world me
to try and get me to solve the problem
with the coding
I got bike friend oh my god look I
figured out I don't even have to sit
normally I take the wheel off my friend
this morning I was looking at going like
wait a second suffering succotash not
even you take a wheel out that was
happening
I finally filmed my hospital by video so
the final one because I had done another
one that I just decided to scratch
because I wanted to do it with a
different bike I finally got around to
it
this morning I was feeling pretty
frazzled earlier um because it was just
so difficult to get everything done but
I got it done
finally some so happy right thoughts I'm
gonna start editing it now and doing the
blog post and everything I don't know
why it took so long I think it was just
because it was like and then the battery
started going in my camera as I was
filming it and I was like no this is not
happening so I just powered through he
got it done studies oh my goodness
that was incredible how's the grandma
3206 I set a new world record folks an
international world record somebody
called guinnesses or whoever whoever
handless that kind of stuff
oh my god I like sprinted like a
professional sprinter I am destroyed I
was incredible Oh
oh my goodness oh my goodness
I was incredible haha media is just
watching some venden Holly well I get
this ed yeah I know Eric hill was
supposed to start like
you know babysitting for the week like
five days a week today but she's sick so
she couldn't do it today so she's doing
it tomorrow so tomorrow you'll have a
friend to play with
okay I'm sorry about this but it's just
one day
the dolls are so happy cuz it's so sunny
outside and like the puppies or just
they just love it when it's sunny like
Alvin scene aren't like that but the
puppies will like go outside and sit in
the Sun it's so cute I think I wanted to
meet you and oh look the three little
girls nervous
Nevaeh and Bianca come on had your fun
wasn't all right in front of me you see
that how cool is that
I like to see it's not not to many an
emperor in the moment huh it's kind of
cool-looking anyway
today is a beautiful sunny day all my
goodness I cannot believe it is still
sunny I left the house three on a coat
on and after has been a coat what's the
world coming to you I said I actually
went out with just a t-shirt and then I
came back in and I put a shirt on cuz I
was like okay it's not that cold it's
not that warm it's not like t-shirt
weather but a t-shirt and shorts weather
which is a huge improvement vast
improvement please to stay like this for
a couple of days to be happy you'll be
jafek I got some cycling supplies food
would you rather surprise for the San
Bushmen and let misclassification
yes I have to show you this guy though
I'm just because I had a puppet so we're
just show to that I don't like cool
Genesis's over your boyfriend stuff
you're having look we're having the lols
we're talking about your vision so for
that oh yeah
take our jokey joke fuzzy wuzzy lets
jokey jokes of the rule light down up
jokey jokes where is he jeepers jeepers
creepers total post realize that used to
be in a band I was in a few bands but
look at the head on me look at my hair
oh my goodness and look at their locks
came in here and then you know my
goodness watch was over and oh my
goodness and mr. Gillis where's okay
look at the state of him anyway I just I
was gonna put it away and I was like
right putting this back away forever oh
my god is that gonna really I can do
look she's not gonna do it now geez what
are you did get your quote ready where
are you going are you going late okay
thank you I got that I trim it a coat
and that and the shoes you want to go on
an adventure show them what you know get
up and get up in the cache get up on the
cache here up get up get up look at this
look at this whoa huh dogs are like oh
the dogs are like uh-oh uh-oh
now she can get on the couch oh hey hey
you finger in the mat put your fingers
mm get your bow man at her face you
bring the bomb face game huh
what do you it's live sly folks let's
get the food such we have not got Indian
food in like a bajillion years well I
don't like it it's just it's very oh
they're just one really good Indian
place in Cork but it's like super
expensive and you have to walk up 15
flights of purple stairs maybe it felt
more expensive when we have no money
we don't actually been a good two years
as though it's like 15 or 16 quid for a
dish and you don't get the rice thank
you
yes so it's not that expensive - no I'm
trying us getting a corn right or
something chicken like that chicken I am
getting chicken korma event who's our
chicken that I'll just get quarterback
weight is not lying on my block oh no
I'm just gonna falsify it
yeah come tell I come parent Lido spicy
Indian food can make you go into labor
yeah keep that in mind most I have to
say Dinah you know when it's about like
one or something then we put everyone's
a safe and I'm like you know what pain
today can go into labor tonight it
wouldn't suit me
if you waiting today we're tonight okay
so who's got tonight who who put down
today's day let's see if they win
because if you people said yeah people
said tomorrow Madge you have dropped a
lot though yeah well then sometimes I
see pictures me good medium you're more
dropped no no she was very high oh yeah
when I see the pictures that I took for
my blog and I want I don't know yeah
hold on today Oh be tomorrow is it okay
puppies you guys gonna mind a house
we've been so bold late me with the
cooking
getting my mom up to me when I say we I
mean Jonathan because I just don't cook
anymore but he's just hasn't being in
the mood so we put a bulge but you know
what my hand is stuck yeah okay so let's
get our little treats okay is everybody
here yeah I was gonna I was tempted to
get the like super spicy one um to see
if it would induce labor but I chickened
out literally chickened out cuz I'm
getting chicken ramen haha but no I
chickened out because I just I'm not
here take it
Oh Albie don't be such a sad jeez I take
my bag I'll take my bag just in case so
I'm just getting the regular one but I
was gonna get the like super spicy chili
ramen and I'm just not brave enough so
um we'll see I've been feeling tons of
pressure today and getting so much
lightning crotch even right it's
happening right now
like it's IDing me okay let me get my
coat on oh let me watch Oh what did you
say just now a second ago yeah yeah
maybe I thought we were going to Alma's
because I suppose if you think about it
like this time of night night evening if
we were going out right now we would be
going to Oma's she thought were going
we're at the petrol station see daddy's
getting some num nums well up she's
getting some drinks and oh my god so if
you put your hand down the sentence
disgusting but if you put your hand
right down at like my crotch area you
can feel the head you got the other head
so I'm going to ask the doctor on shoot
tomorrow if he thinks he's engaged or
not because
seems really low down I think the baby
is coming
I think the baby's gonna come when were
in the car what would you think of that
imagined artisans in the shop and the
baby comes
it was just me with Amelia like she's
got her little slippers on
Oh yo cat CK it was so funny we're
deciding which one to get and then I was
like some cats you great huh happens
when you guys damage alright ok I'm
segue
the New York assist the new square meal
that's a square meal okay but still
wearing at shirt and a teacher and it's
nighttime now you like dressed in the
winter
I bring it's coming that said it's my
dinner that's all I got hot stuff look
the new square meal I think it's like a
mixture of different things or something
what isn't emoji for that isn't there oh
well which would you want do you want
your mom's soup the baby-making soup
did you get the oh you didn't my imagine
did get advice when you went into labor
Thank You chicken I know to me this one
but a normally comes in a smaller box
no okay oh no because that's mine she
won hold on hold on friends Oh Oh God
that wasn't on my seat was it nobody
didn't notice it was a bit wet so wait
you're missing nothing all right it says
boom boom town boom town friend oh it's
the bedtime game are we gonna play the
bedtime game Oh are we gonna play to
bedtime game oh that's amazing
is that I'm an update 82 do do do do do
do you making her dancing up today DS up
today DS PG Papa Joe uh-huh we let the
doggies in oh yeah she stole my toys oh
I wonder they actually think that you
know to go to a friend says yeah yeah
the question is like but I wonder I
should ever think that the kids ever
think that like they bring that toy home
you know and then one day you find it to
them you're like um where did that come
from
I'm gonna let the dogs in and then I'm
gonna come and get you I'm gonna come
and get you you see good night I'm come
here come here come here this is the bad
hand and this one gets you you're going
in the back you just one get you she's
gonna get you
whoa are you drunk are you drunk E oh I
love it
I'm soaking what stopping all right we
gotta get your belly
good thing my yeah I've decided don't
have the baby tonight okay well I
offered you you had a slot available
there you're on today now I'm just like
I'm all filled up in Wagga Mama's so I'm
like you know what it would be
inconvenient now very good it is very
funny
where are you going where you going got
a moisturize come on mom's bag is packed
come on okay why is that is that I his
stuff and your stuff last year we had
like - is it so funny packing for
someone that doesn't exist
I know and then when you come what what
are you doing like this sure this is a
shirt look it's got a little M if you
call them like elbow fingers on it yeah
it's cool okay come on let's go so stop
in it in it anything inning inning
inning inning inning inning oh she
doesn't wanna get that face hello I'm
gonna pick a book you can't only won't
we won't say she might get upset baby
baby's wet
oh goodness okay see you guys tomorrow
what okay I mean yeah you go
but she's way she called your mama I
know all right
say cheerio mate check your hubba mate
hope see you guys tomorrow maybe junior
will be here
maybe tomorrow is the is there every
what do we call her we gave you
everything changed what's this nice
change fly change for what we gonna what
are we going to name his video lies
changed forever
this equal life changed forever again is
now what I call the pregnancy one yeah I
already changed again good night yeah
something maybe they check tomorrow's
title Oh night-night friends no
forbidden words you can hear you spend a
night adorning this lovely picture but
don't get too close because she writes
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
