you know it is not a summer adventure if
you don't end up with a stick huh
that's you know that's your prize that's
your prize for today huh
I'm very noisy
morning gang it is send them away and
it's probably going to lash Wayne as you
can see here from the sky I take this
powder then it's definitely not going to
get better but it might get worse
oh no Jonathan just called me and he got
a puncture on his face he was out on his
bike and he got a puncture and Oh what
do you decide hmm you can't read that
but it says Brill yeah battery 5% oh I
feel so bad for him because he just you
know he's been trying to get out on his
bike and he's been really good at it and
really like consistent this month that
was like his goal this month was to get
out on his bike a lot and I think he
said like five days a week or something
but he's so far he's achieved that like
he's doing it but even though the
weather is crap everything my thought
and still does it and he still gets up
early and you know gets out and then he
gets a puncture but he's like miles away
so he has to walk all the way home not
all the way home but all the way back to
the car park one day no like way down a
Black Rock just fairly annoying it's
quite a long walk home I can't figure
out what bursting must've been the inner
tube because the tire looks fine is so
annoying it's never going to happen and
of course they don't have a repair kit
with me because I'm not of the mountains
or anything unless of course it's being
damaged for a while I can still be
bursting in an event she that was it it
was the final call thank you
can I have a spoon thank you
mmm oh that's very nice oh is that nice
it's not nice numbness mmm
Oh yum yummy did Amelia make that did
you make that Amelia in your kitchen
Eric has coming next week she was
supposed to start tomorrow but she's
sick so I think she's starting Tuesday
instead that's wrong what do you want oh
you want this one you want the knife
yeah you need to cut your soup cut it up
oh thank you oh thank you thank you very
much hmm oh do I have to cut it too okay
maybe we'll be thanked for a nice straw
I mean there's 5k to go
okay let's keep on going okay here we
are
that's kilometer oh my tennis I can't
believe I blew a tire in Black Rock but
I practicar roses daddy so we are
getting Davi ready for bed aren't we
yeah we put her dressing gown on okay
there we go oh did I forget something
her slippers this is kind of hard with
one huh
that's her jacket her coat do you like
the feeling over the coat it's like
you're gonna has a hood look a little
feetsies there you go look there Oh Oh
golly they fell off let me do this again
hey friend you having fun back there huh
I keep meaning to put her over there
when I'm on my own
well his hair is easy to put it at Ricky
means what
that's what I keep meaning to do and I
don't do it so we are heading off to the
pond to feed some dukes well we've got
the bread so we're going to watch other
people feed the ducks it's a process
somebody's gonna feed ducks and we're
going to be Devore's of the duck feeding
we're trying always trying to do like at
least um at least an hour or something
like Timothy everyday just to kind of
stimulate or swim flood paralyzed
it's just nightmare night message so
today we're gonna go feed ducks well
we're gonna go walk around the park
we're going to the scene that a crime
from this morning this is exactly where
I am my tire exploded miss your daddy's
tire exploded we've arrived
there is no thing fast asleep hi hi
friend wanna put your little girls by
God huh disconnect you connection I see
like so many comments about this thing
this a kitty system because I tell you
it does look crazy alien because I'd
never seen them before
but it may not be the prettiest car
scene in the world but I was wearing a
safest car seats in the world this thing
is designed like for any impact or
anything in the neck support and I'm not
trying to talk about it we've got to go
put at weight looking thing but I'm it
has an incredible safety record what are
you sniffing the daffodils I don't know
we got a good sniff from here good let
me go across the hunted bridge hunting
range just let you know the bridge is
not haunted don't be alarmed
but it does make a an awful crash when
you own the horses you ready for the big
crash friend neighbor 104
you just know it is not a Sunday
adventure if you don't end up with a
stick huh that's that's you know that's
your prize that's your prize for today
huh
I'm very noisy we're gonna go around
seven a minute you can talk to them you
can try your stick at them but isn't it
you know you go off and like in a Sunday
to a fire so don't be always the one
with like pencils of conquers or a stick
or something that you found the
electronics adapter huh that's like the
best thing in the world ever right okay
huh
it's slippery here doll what is it that
day stick of destiny
okay we just lost the stick okay careful
there customer I'm a bit of a grip
situation going on here in the bow
quick quick quick Burke Burke right we
go
we also learn how to make music at this
nice nice bit of music there let the
duck son hey Mia we know that you no no
Jesus
yes not very exciting well it's a one
duck we're quite quite quite bored yeah
there's one duck that's it the only one
today anyone little lucky today who's
coming over duck oh I just wanted to say
um if any you guys like he's if anything
does happen right because yeah it does
happen and and it does go into labor
make sure these are the Twitter's that's
my username there you a damn I Jonathan
Jodi makes you funny because that's
where the fastest way to find any
information about us like focus like for
example the time change in the u.s.
today our time hasn't changed within the
block is an hour later in the u.s. at
the moment and for next few weeks or
whoever it is until we change our time
put vain does happen right it is good to
labor with you actually of the video
make sure to follow me on Twitter I will
leave a link in the description because
it is probably the best way to keep like
live super up-to-date because sometimes
I might do it on Facebook I might do an
Instagram and I might look like human
all those different things but Couture
is the fastest way to get in contact
with or just if something happens I'd be
like unto it's gone
look in this situation folks this is not
nice I thought it was summer okay
everyone in the UK sweetened me pictures
of sunshine and lollipops and eating ice
cream on the beaches I'm sitting here in
the rain that's it
I'd say we're going tomorrow let's
forget it rocks a baby in the UK I don't
want to be over doesn't speak
Jeepers Creepers this is not good my
goodness come on junior we're all
waiting on you okay soon as junior gets
here then we can go I always take the
honor of Joginder you know finest days
in them in hospital for three days under
turret eight out of everything packed
house move cars gotta be like oh yeah so
a speaking that we decided for it with
the reason I know you're thinking like I
was trying to decide you today well I
will we get rid of the cars and then fly
over or should we keep the cars what we
decided to do is that you see we own the
cars right so the owner cars out right
so it's easy for us to take the cars to
another country you know so I was like
well it's easy enough to get a ferry to
the UK I'm gonna take Amelia and three
dogs and Anna is going to follow me in
her car with junior and three dogs we
kind of set them at which tree then we
syndicate reason I'm taking yeah Amelia
because she's most used to hang out mean
something out and junior if he needs
anything like it for breast feeding or
anything and we get separated it's
better that he's with Anna and not stuck
there with me useless dad we almost done
a house I think we have found a house
I'll tell you I don't think we go into
this particular area but oh my god so
many guys were suggesting Epping which
is out near Essex
oh I was looking at the epic Mandy epic
the Epping epic mountain bike trails I
was in on oh my god I was trying to
convince her we should go live there
just so I can be right beside there's a
mountain biking trails it's so epic but
I don't I don't think it's gonna kinda
no I don't it's gonna work for them I
see so what's it's nice show that they
sell them
asacs if we found a house in wherever it
is an Essex that they fell on that that
show and we started doing the vlogs in
the same time that their filament what
is it called
he says acids TOWIE I dunno I don't know
something like that boy hilarious
okay I gotta go into gospel that's cool
cuz every little helps
every little help I know that already
she's having a nightmare she's one
laughs she does that the last one she's
like oh I go to the shop and I get you
some pop I mean yeah I mean I was either
not working whoa yeah there's a cupcake
cupcake they like cupcakes
yeah we're gonna have our bad oh is that
what's that yeah let's go let's go have
our back let's go let's do this oh look
genius let up
must be like junior stuff you know
Anna's bag
any one of these days okay
I've lost Amelia where's Amelia where's
Amelia I can have some rustling in here
what are you doing
let's go Gina is an actual name is on
the front of those boxes pantheon hey
hey oh but I do
hey pull made a deal you can mean the
cupcake with you don't put it right
there champ sir oh um hey can I see your
friends oh come on back say my dear
friends say night-night friends say
night-night bye bye say bye bye Marty
okay I don't know okay see you guys
tomorrow
for some more fun entails fun entail son
are you sure I think you know DuckTales
let some fun in tails tomorrow say
night-night friends night-night you just
you just not even ready tonight see you
guys tomorrow I'll do it for her no
nothing hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Sakuni Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
