so I'm your homework for tonight is to
find a fireplace
put a mountain bike there and preferably
one that's filled with part of the
mountain honors get a square of your key
stand behind the wheel and bounce up and
down while eating Oh singing songs at
the same time and then you will
experience what amelia is experiencing
right now
he's gonna hear he went oh my god goes
so funny he's there for ages like the
bird and he was just sitting there and
they're all standing up looking at him
thank you guys the guys in there I don't
think he's going to pick up a dog who's
he calling his fans he's eyeing the pays
off he's casing the joint
he came to join blow your whistle it'll
scare the snakes away or something
there's no what's in hockey good knee
with him missing or something
only the best toys you've ever gotten do
you love this toy you found the suitcase
prepared a suitcase huh how we always
find the suitcase closed over look
Amelia puppies in the suitcase wakey
wakey eggs and Bakey wakey wakey
sleepers huh all right then I just
closed the last night
all right better just put her to bed
better close the roof hey welcome with
the kids huh
you're gonna turn into a prince my no no
we've broken the child all right let me
just each act you here press the
ejection button I could put the chair
over the other side then you can use
your right hand
Oh leaning in I'm gonna have a baby
geez like it's so lazy hi hi there oh
come on friends way to the pigs rocky
huh
the peppa pig's back huh
Vicki thank you that's the big thing
point point let's go please
like like dip dip dip right but you're
not gonna get a lot of water in well you
know what if it keeps you happy I'm all
for it
see yesterday maybe especially and I'm
like that is epic
today she's playing with Lego I don't
even need you in your do I know jr.
probably gonna play with Barbies I want
to fly makeup or something huh you do my
allocated Sun if there's we're gonna
make friend the goal is you gotta make
something amazing before lady comes back
with the food
oh yeah prime Wow was that nice they
were really nice they gave us they don't
have looking kids right in here
they gave us like a half portion of fish
and then we get to bring the other half
home for it that's free is that nice
we're gonna treat soy bean and tomato
and then mine looks amazing - I got the
salmon salad they like this stuff don't
we love this beautiful you look egg it's
like the omelettes you make her that go
yummy
this plans ideas thoughts and dreams
yesterday get that sunshine we talked
the summer has arrived summers gone came
and wind buds
I was in huh five minutes job now I walk
into the old playgrounds and I can walk
ahead nice and fast and slippery but of
course you're in here huh
Craig you Mike preggers steam hot super
windy - no it's not that so she said she
looked over so he came to Ann there's
another bunch of kids walking her to as
well like oh my god free play guy just
lovely notes here it's not why would you
like to play games
it's like cruelty it's against Katie
against humanity but look at look at
it's a teasing them they're showing us
but just kind of have it they're gonna
tap to the birds so it's gonna do a
couple of laps Trinity yeah the park
here is constellation price you can play
with the birds
ah you're so close so close
hi Donna oh I thought he was coming
right at us
hey baby he's not afraid of you cutie no
not even Eskimo
okay race let's have a running race you
Eddie I'll give you a head start
I'll give you a head start ready you go
to second head start one two three well
I wasn't difficult
I might an incredibly fast printer in
the adults versus child race huh PCP
Street three takes me three days sleep
sleep sleep
Paisley me you gonna play our games you
moving in
oh my god if any of you guys tried these
yet these new yokes and categories it's
like one of them is a rich salty assault
cracker and this one is like a biscuit I
guess sugary biscuit this is amazing qui
tam if you guys haven't tried them yet
you should they're just out now huh
amazing that isn't what you want you're
a sweet one are salty one like it that's
why I got enough for everybody
well well I got with two of each so we
can have one of each like you know their
maze never immediate asleep let the
party begin
oh wait I forgot to put the thing in hey
when that happens there's no capsule in
there
yeah that's better calculator
you know I'm having muddy water I got
stuff I got caught I got the drinks but
I got caught with the food it's always
the chicken nuggets to get some it's 12
chicken nuggets 12 chicken nuggets in a
bottle of coke I was gonna cut some
chicken nuggets
if you got the arm and I didn't
sometimes if the dogs have been away or
something on and we've ordered and not
cut the chicken nuggets it's always easy
peasy never a problem but don't you get
those chicken nuggets
plus it's Saturday night as well so it's
quite busy I think I know what it is
pull your ears if you're happy and you
know it put your ears it girl you're
getting the head ears hope she's raping
her hands now
being y'know raise your hands place your
hands hey good girl
oh my god really I just started looking
for the baby Levi taco where's the baby
at me I know the baby is in here Amelia
at the baby's in mommy's tummy because
she thinks I think she thinks but like
the baby is the belly button I think cuz
whenever I make the baby talk to her
this is the belly button that like
jiggles where is the baby
that's a hairy baby she obviously went
to the parent she prepares for most come
here
excuse me give mommy a hug give mommy a
hug mommy needs it more where did I give
me a hug give me a hug
don't lick her in the face no give the
anger hug you'll have a new baby too
late soon get Bianca hug because she you
got enough last time now Amelia I'm just
wondering did you eat any chocolate
today Mimi yeah Amelia did you eat any
chocolate today
what do you think did you eat any
chocolate Wow why come here to me give
it to me let me see let me see what's
going on there chunky she just started
inhaling it why are you backing up away
from me what I'm following her around
with water wise because we're concerned
and these are the hands are going to go
everywhere what are you doing that's not
how you eat chocolate is that a special
chocolate eating chocolate dance is it
don't put your hands on my Dame for my
charity look at this
where are you going where are you going
why you have you are the weirdest little
eater I don't know why are you eating
behind the bike on a fireplace while
it's bobbing up and down
is it over
so am your homework for tonight is to
find a fireplace put a mountain bike
there and preferably one that's filled
with part of the mountain honours get a
square of your key stand behind the
wheel and bounce up and down while
eating Oh singing songs at the same time
and then you will experience what amelia
is experiencing right now not my friends
come here do not touch anything
what are you high are you high no cheese
uh-oh give me your hands give me candies
lava lava at Masada Holly was the night
before Sunday and I was asleep not a
creature was stirring not even
a sheep
give it up at their faces I beat a man
what did we agreed tonight it's mine
well it's gonna be fun there's a teacher
of a sheriff yeah you're gonna share
with your net yeah you're gonna share
your toys at junior mr. baby you're not
the baby you're gonna see him soon
friend Presta pass that the baby comes
out cover cover oh you know clean that
up yeah all right folks hope you had a
good Saturday night as usual we are like
crazy on a Saturday night's crazy see
you guys tomorrow for a Super Sunday we
could probably won't involve subway
because we're a matter of at roasting
machines that smell that smell
there's my ears like this is asking what
kisses all right name see you guys there
but whatever you do do not look into the
life donor kids right what are you doing
you're looking into the light turn away
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
