how would you look at that
all right everyone calm one calm
you're gonna give the donkey's their
treats all right you ready let's give
this one to Albie okay I'm gonna give
this one to Albie this is not gonna work
out I can just tell they're all gonna go
to newbies because movies is the fastest
miner house Albie is that to somebody
give it to Bianca give it to Bianca RTO
give it to teal
mine has teal mind the house movies mine
the house Nevaeh inna mine the hair Cena
and mine the house crap what's up right
yeah yeah yeah okay let's go trying to
figure this out so we want full roof off
oh no I think that's coming back this
one oh we gained another stage you comfy
like their friends don't close it you
spend all this time opening it buddy
Michael Viking more of a I think we
leave like that
it's feeling a convertible or something
now oh my goodness all right Brent look
at the still lap of luxury in there she
loves it you love it where's the outside
inside oh my goodness when did it become
the most beautiful hot day where we
would wear coats inside cars I'd be
roasting when it when one whose idea was
that
oh yeah me me of myself are Oh thinking
you just go around open windows it's
super sunny today
I'm not wearing sunglasses because I'm
in half he's like like bang one aviator
I could just wear one it's like you know
again you know they get what was that
thing you know many kids always have
like sellotape over their glasses that
are broken like operation let the
doggies in put that in the mash mr.
button you ready inward one two three
four five six now wait wait way way one
at a time G go one at a time
amia what you get what did you get oh my
God look what just came from pink lining
in media what's this
is that for you is that for you we open
it we open it oh it's so cute this
hospital that's mom's room
that's mom's boring one look at this you
can wheel it to the airport this is
mommy's and that's me she gets up look
at her she's in the suitcase well up up
up up up oh she got the baby in the
suitcase too pretty thing what is it
thanks on the ODE whoa it's a flute set
is it is that Peppa Pig oh he's that
better mornin there's a lot of stuff so
well they open it yeah
okay put that in your suitcase what else
what else do you get I'm gonna open more
look at this crazy don't break your
suitcase don't bend it out of shape who
we dress baby we never put baby's
clothes on
very good
hey that whistles like her that's her
favorite toy right now
I'm just putting baby's clothes on
because she looks very disheveled here
how would you look at that
uh yeah well backtrack the green oh my
god like a celebrity is hope the glass
is inflated - what are you doing on the
ground we're testing this out what ring
in every way is it apart normally I just
kind of walked around the area and stuff
well we're gonna test this cuz it's all
nice it's like springtime or something
yeah but like it's been raining for most
of it so far yeah
let's hope you don't burn into anybody
oh no no no come on where you going
follow Albie he knows the way yeah I'm
not sure how much my running in the
grass is gonna work out do you see the
grass Oh what are you doing this what
let's go let's go into the grass area
here it's lovely and green and you can
run across it oh no way it's actually a
lake
come on what oh my god it's such a shame
in there huh sorry guys
wow that's a different Maggie huh
everything actually being surprisingly
good it's been a couple incidents so far
actually being quite good
it's the recovery time after the
incident that's yeah that's the big
difference
Amelia and I our slowpokes here but it
suits me fine
cuz I'm preggers come on keep up keep up
come on where's daddy
oh look at that big doggy look at the
big doggy
hold on these look at the big doggy see
cute I think we need to keep up with dad
though come on Amelia's leading the pack
Neil is leading the pack I tried to get
down you can't get down
no you stay together get down come on
let's go let's go let's leave the
soapbox behind let's go let's go let's
go let's go it's freezing cold but it's
sunny I'll take it and you guys remember
way back here one actually if you're
certain you're going back and watching
year one this is no reason to be all the
time like and this walk cuz used to live
just over there
okay I know we're biking in success well
wouldn't have kids she's going over to
the flowers oh very good good girl
hey pretty flowers you have to smell
them all nice dad come on let's get you
put daddy yeah you got your stick
very good collecting nature reflecting
nature come on
say bye bye flowers bye bye flowers
this way this way I love that that's how
you can tell you've reached another dead
end friends you know bring a boat come
on let's go let's go mommy
hopefully mommy isn't having it maybe in
the middle of a park somewhere you guys
actually leave write these comments of
what your what your estimated you date
is for junior right I know like
obviously I'd love with junior came
today or yesterday even like you know or
tomorrow but like all honesty I would
say based on the symptoms and and
there's like having like contractions
and many contractions and it grows
practicing things like all the time now
but I would say around xx you know that
would be my guess
then around xx who's you know is like
ages away but that's just realistically
that's my guess but leave your comments
below and we'll see if anyone gets the
right what do you reckon Jude a give me
a pull date down there we'll see you in
de Lara
thanks for 24 I said around 20th so I
suppose that's 24 around 20 it's you say
24 believe below right we'll come back
to this video and we'll see if they
didn't actually get to dead on well
someone has to get it right obviously
you know what's the due date again 24 yo
no anymore
24 that's very first okay hi Roya hi
Nina donkeys running a bit ahead cuz I
ran along with them for a while put them
on you they're all in there forget him
draw let's eat now I mean it isn't so
much easier to put her in because she's
not like it's not like sort of hip level
or something isn't it oh my god I know
my hair oh sorry
again there's a problem with content
copyright ID identification so sorry
hold on a little quickly so oh my phone
is switched off for no reason I have
been just glued to Twitter and Facebook
all day because Judy went in yesterday
to be induced and I think it was like
the same thing as us like you know late
afternoon and then I'm not sure what
time the twins were born out but they
were born today so because she put up a
picture of Benjy with I think cure and
she has Mia
I'm so happy for them because I was like
I had a dream about it last night I was
like so I've kept checking my phone even
last night to see and then all day today
and now they finally got three kids down
I know they look so I haven't seen like
a there's no like face picture yet but I
saw Benji holding one of the twins and
they just look so tiny like I can't
believe how small as you born is it's
like forgotten you're going to get a
harsh reminder so I'm so happy for them
that means were dead like they're
breaking cold or they have a baby now Oh
congratulations
oh it's so exciting media's pain
Amelia / I'm so I gave her that
controller oh wow
controlling him Oh watch out but I
thought oh my god you drive like your
mom oh my goodness we'll explain if she
thinks that she's actually playing this
as a minor oh boat is I he's
playing it for them keep them happy we
can't reverse its reverse back okay
ready
let's turn the camera around so you can
see over gone oh let's go let's go on
our drive oh well we just bought a new
card out
you like that song
you write that one
hey you guys Britney Spears I kidding
come on friend it's time for very wise
it's just you and me to see you an eye
friend see one eye look at your hair you
finally grown some hair huh
Gemma grow some hair Jay jeez like
you're not doing anything else you think
the least you talked about for mommy
kill the night my friends say bye bye
see you bye bye fee night everybody say
bye bye oh right now love you say
night-night
say bye my friends night-night say bye
bye anemia Melia say bye-bye
oh you looking for them I hope you're
not in a little bit your mentals your
mental squat it's bad it's bad dividing
bed bed bed bed
yeah see you guys tomorrow watch out for
that hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
