there's not a bike right or their phone
ring and my bike my bike phone I was
like going oh my god take off my gloves
over dude whipped over the phone didn't
answer the phone and I rang her back on
track on jeez oh my god I'm gonna have a
good I had to see you I'm hey how am I
gonna get off this man's at a time
guys see granny I'm gonna head out from
that now but I just need to show you
guys before I go okay Pete forever thank
you thank you everybody
sometimes I feel like you guys are like
my parents sometime I know it's crazy
because some of you are older than me
some of you are younger than me but yet
you're like my purse it's like I go and
do stuff you know like no I gotta tell
the folks oh I got my parents
and you know it sometimes I don't mind
like yeah you know we are we share
everything with you guys
willy-nilly some self-publish are
probably
and just some of the things that we're
unable to tell them or unable to share
it just gets a lil it's like come on you
know any group I repair do the group on
the Internet's and you know it's like
every time like you know we're moving
house and it's like we're looking at ads
online at some wine and then it's like
over like buying cars or anything like
that you know it's like the reason we
can't share that kind of detailed
information is because they go and find
the ads find the cars and scour the
internet and post the big word feel all
the information about them you know I'm
like do it I just what stop stop that
now Noby Donna so
a couple of months back I swapped out my
mother Ida salad for a Saudi and I knew
I knew gonna happen to kids I was not
gonna really be able to have very long
but I was like I want to get it out of
my system I need to get it out of my
system so I did and then a few days ago
I bought another car
don't make eye candy oh my god don't
look it up Jojo
hi I have a problem I'm gonna pick up in
a couple days it's pretty happy but it
was just I needed touches
right I'm like I'm like oh I gotta cut
my parents it's you guys what
everybody's gonna share that would you
go without sharing the Richie
so don't post things all over
that is obvious that I'm up love you mom
love you dad
is that her phone huh are you talking
about the death of Teddy's bow that was
so cute
good morning in media hi did you have a
nice sleep that was so adorable I could
just hear her sing oh look this is what
she was talking to it Oh me yeah
turn off your monitor we're going on a
playdate this morning so it's just Mia
and me yeah and we're gonna hope we
don't get lost because my friend removed
and it's not like she's she's not really
out in the country like it's not the
country but it's like cork is just like
that like it's I mean it's an Irish town
or city well that's kind of why don't I
get down so I'm hoping I don't get lost
I don't have GPS on my in my car so
we'll see we'll see it might be like an
adventure of me being lost in a field
somewhere yeah we're gonna get up and
have our num-nums
I just got ready got everything like got
my makeup on and everything I thought I
was gonna get dressed but I've oiled up
my belly and I don't want all my clothes
to get stained so we're good we made it
it's so cold for that that's why I'm
rattled we're frying ready to go we
brophy these up getting a bite to eat a
lot of times he just drives down from
Dublin and this little fella here and
just rent a bike cuz it's a lot easier
than having to actually uh you know come
up here and she dragged off a bike at
the same time
I made it I think I was like totally
thought I had gone wrong and I called
Jonathan and then he was like oh my god
she's going to leave her or something
but I think this is that I've never been
here before so I could be driving up to
somebody else's company somebody else's
house
that was what out of that the best fun
I've ever had on a mansion oh my god
like this speed of us like it was so
much fun
would you mind using this somewhere he's
in Summerland the roof up that's an
Irish summer roof all have been scarf on
oh my god I've ruined like this is to
sue guy oh you say to me oh my goodness
I don't know if I am even going the
right direction or what I'm just kind of
weighing it I don't have a good sense of
direction at all so I'm just like I hope
this is right I think I'm on my way home
I'm not really sure but anyways Jonathan
is on his way back I think from like
mountain biking and
I'm sorry I didn't vlog Rudi when I was
not my friends hist but most of my
friends don't really like being on the
vlog and stuff like that so it's just
it's kind of hard sometimes but Amelia
had lots of fun with her friend and she
was sharing which I was really impressed
with like she actually was showing signs
of like okay she oh yeah she did hit her
at one stage though which I thought
obviously I got really annoyed at her
but but and she got in trouble but um it
was only one incident aside from that
she was sharing toys and like giving her
toys and all this stuff so that was
really cute to watch and it was a big
improvement cuz like a couple of months
ago she would never do that
like she would just get upset if she had
to share or get upset if she had to give
toys to anybody else so or any other
like child like she wouldn't mind giving
toys too you know and another adult or
something like that but when it came to
giving toys to like a friend she didn't
really like that so that was really good
sign so hopefully she will be okay when
the baby gets here I'm hoping but I
think that was a good improvement so
she doesn't go to sleep now if I wanted
to see when we go home like an egg
fantastic time let me put it though some
tea spirit I know just a record but
don't tell anyone
yeah okay uh maybe some Ciccone in a
little bit of cheese what else do you
like friends like tomatoes tomatoes
that's funny enough stuff were you in a
few
boy yoni got window then oh you've only
got one Oh gun where's the other one by
media drugged by me as you look at this
concoction looks maze you're there eater
on the train
want some food once I'm lunch yeah first
you Apple
hey what are you doing dancing and
squatting and running and spitting
nothing lunch what numbers you can make
it him he won from the runs why I'm he's
taking her nap it all worked out I had
her home for - well no not for - but
like after - and she had her lunch and
then I think my top is all stained sorry
if it is but um I have her in bed for a
bit
three which is her regular nap time is
like three to five it's like I've said
before so I did it I feel really good
cuz if she sleeps too late then it's a
disaster and if she you know she goes
down or if he doesn't get a proper
activity in the morning then sometimes
she doesn't go down but she was
exhausted after playing with her friends
so I'm really happy
Jonathan was nice enough because he saw
stood when I came home so Jonathan was
nice enough to give her her lunch and he
also made me some lunch so I mean it in
bed even though you guys know I think
I've said it before I'm like so anal
about crumbs in the bed like I hate
crumbs in the bath I hate eating in bed
but I just feel so tired and I actually
don't even care right now but I'm gonna
have to like brush all the crumbs off
the sheets otherwise I'm gonna get like
anxiety about it I I hate having crumbs
in the bed it really pisses me off
actually we're cheating you in the
sheets tomorrow anyway so it's not a big
deal but so Mina is asleep I'm enjoying
some mommy time just to myself have a
village look Jonathan even got me
brought me some Rini for after cuz he
knew that after I ate I probably get
heartburn oh no you suck well now you
stop you mean I think that's a camera do
it again do it again
Wow let's close that over for fun no
let's not close the door for fun um
that's fine man that's a frying pan
close it close it
good girl oh no no don't drop that hmm
who do you think what do so funny
friends donkey
that's Albie who are they let's see
Bianca until wait so media I'd watch
this I just want to show you guys
reaction to this right okay this how
fast you think is that right so look
look at this where's this 320 million
views oh right you go friends
yeah every time like trying to get free
I try and put this back she goes and
gets them and you like put them on I
think I hope you keep reinforced okay
okay Oh both of them on now
no slacking media suite you guys say
goodbye to your friends in media say
night-night friends any night friends
the Wizards gonna say goodnight
Oh with it hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
