yeah I'd say that you've been good with
me because it's so white
Oh God did that truck that's not the
fastest truck but it's like 11 o'clock
or something
no it's 10 to 12 and the dogs were meant
to be brought in for 11:00 this morning
and we completely forgot I don't know
what happened so we have appointment on
12 and that's where we were headed
I mean he's upset now because all the
tracks are gone it's okay her face so
when I brought them into the car she's
like what oh my god that's it last night
with the Devo what oven thing I know
don't you
Benny wait so we were off to the
doctor's before we weren't gone yep
we're you know getting ready to go and
this thing got anything it's a tank like
okay she's might go in they did she told
me she's how I had gone into labor we
never forget it wasn't even written in
the calendar you know I can say when I
was tending by a PC world I think she
texted me there and the media was acting
them I guess so I think I guess I was
distracted nighttime I looked at the
text
yeah but for like what two years you've
been using her that process has never
failed he never tells us what babies
have it in the diary as well on the
calendar and everything
but and nothing anyways so we're not
actually I don't think we're gonna make
it but that was insane
there they are in there so at my
doctor's appointment I forgot to i never
updated you guys but he said that there
was protein once again do that is that
just me or does that man look smaller
he's a good shrink maybe it's just
ticked over no anyways he said there's
protein in my urine again which okay
hold on ones like I need to fix this
okay so that turned out to be a total
waste of time put in a good way
turns out that the GoPro because I got
the GoPro black or and I got the GoPro
black 3 plus or whatever you can't win
all the mounts that I needed the hold I
hadn't taken the ping with me on the
bike yet because I was like oh I gotta
get the mounts and stuff turns out I
have all the mounts did so I picked up
some cards out of the box you guys see
ya know saying yesterday like I picked
up one of these for her so I because the
DSLR this is a class 10 but not all
class tens are the same it's to do a bit
transfer she her card the car that she
was using is a class 10 16 gig card put
it on I got a 30 Meg transfer it needs
45 make in order for it to be to be able
to record from that kind of DSLR so
learning competence but I got our card
notes and no more excuses no more
excuses and I got me a little card for
my GoPro so I brought the helmet then
anyway the helmet ends the man because
oh yeah I'm going to battle hard
tomorrow instead
oh god Ivana goes Dave Anna goes in to
labor tomorrow I swear to goodness that
will not be fun of the top of the
mountain hello your water just broke
brilliant yeah we need to head back down
the mountain like oh my goodness and
even know about a horizontal init's away
it's not so much to drive from Liberty
Lake or kids well it's kind of north
court it's not so much to drive or I'm
Mitchell time for Moy it's the actual
part of getting back down the mountain
she'll be coming round the mountain when
she comes
so I'm gonna try and record some 4k
footage tomorrow pretty excited about
that
my decent testing tonight to make sure I
know what to use it and I'm excited it's
gonna be fun I can show you guys the
scary exciting about a whole
the excited friend yeah you had great
fun in shock we're gonna go check the
doggies Thank You friends
I actually like this show
I'm the fanny I don't want what it's
called or something like that but I
really like it really simple animation
go me so much fun no this is my box I
was blogging and you guys witnessed the
whole lamp incident media I kept going
underneath outlandish she does it even
though I tell her like I get angry at
her every time she does it it's
dangerous you know which she has an
obsession with that lamp anyway so I put
the camera down to do that she knocked
the camera over it was on that bin and
broke it so that's why I couldn't
continue my phone calls
yeah so Jonathan came home he actually
it got and fixed it the lens that like
sent but he runs to fix it so anyway
what I was gonna say is that the doctor
said that there's protein in my urine
and so that I have to rest up because
that's not really that great
he was like are you sure there's no pain
when you're going to the toilet or
anything else like no tights it's the
same thing as last time I know it is
it's always like off and on off and on
anyways that was fine and then I got a
prescription for some hemorrhoid cream
because that's still an issue which
sorry about to see my but that's just
the reality he was like don't worry it's
common in pregnancy it's not a nice
thing but you know it happens
cuz I'm always so embarrassed to read
even say it took me this long to even
saying things I was just like I did
talking midwife but then I went away so
it was but anyways that's probably the
worst thing so far like that I've
experienced in pregnancy like yeah so he
said I need rest
so I actually but I when I came home I
was so exhausted and I actually fell
asleep on the sofa I don't know if
you've liked that did you know I felt I
like conked out on the sofa but now I'm
like he's like this is it
good stop it listen get room go like
what and I was I didn't know what
channel is on is teaching her German ah
do i probably broaden your vocabulary my
nature this happens the Papa Amelia has
lost the touch are you ready for bed you
ready fair enough hi
what are you doing Oh feeling family
underneath you're completely out of
focus I feel like I've just been
bedridden all day baby
all right as soon as you have the baby
you can leave that's it it's all you're
gonna do something lastly would you
watch old room American ones have uses
to
rather that's our free pancake although
should have made savory pancake it
should have caught a head make savory
pancakes a little juice little peppers
they're like the sweet mini peppers
crunchy and juicy
mmm they're so yummy diced up though
the jacket is gonna turn in with the
power of imagination dreams hopes and
aspirations this is gonna turn into us
and sour this is the sweet this is the
sour like this is a bit of a mistake
here I was defrosting a little bit to
fit more ice in the ice machine and it
all went wrong all right just plop some
of these in will connect the teammate
you get let's say that's pretty cool but
let's go and try and turn this thing
into here and you want to see how wide
the GoPro is it's just like with our
town is right where you see how white
the super white is on this day right all
right and this is the GoPro how wide is
that isn't that just crazy huh what are
you doing what is this what are you
doing uh-uh I would yeah it's almost
like you can actually see like compared
today there's vlog like which usually is
white this thing is it's like we're
gonna have so much fun tomorrow in a
mountain see so much you excited
look it is oh look at this weird little
thing oh no it's a GoPro can you take
Oprah
what what okay let's go put this over
here for the moment okay okay friend you
know what time it is
oh my goodness don't my pan my pan
what's up in Japan lady that's the
important part
alright let's get to it huh
I'm gonna try it that pink Olga try
before you buy this one pancake now she
likes that because she's realized what
it is took a while huh
it took a while you weren't very
trusting that you should have trusted
mommy
there's mommies I'm sure I want to take
an Instagram I have lemon and sugar on
mine and then I put some golden syrup on
hers where is my phone seriously
that's why I need my phone the problem
is that Ivan and I have the same exact
home they always the same because I
always I never put a cover on anymore
but happy panco g'day this is your first
proper pen koga
you having fun friends you have a little
after tunc Olga song sing sing you are
teaching French you are too cute you
taking cuteness to a new level and did
you know if you give a mouse a cookie
alright guys that is it I need to edit
the vlog so I can't because I'm gonna
we're heading up to the management about
a two type of something so they see the
vlog son now well do you know super area
so I can get back in time so and it's in
left to long on her own and hopefully
she doesn't go into labor and have a
baby hopefully see you guys tomorrow
hope you enjoyed today's vlog hey you
know once we go say bye bye see if I
might see Nene buy life she's so cute
and yet again hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
ha
