that leg straight oh she is really
strong on your left leg day no no strike
don't dive into the ground
get going from Delhi thrill are they
poor of the tour even though rhymes
don't be a bore and don't snore on day
four of the tour well back with these
two munchkins
huh munchkin maestro's and how munchkin
maestro hello Mudge device drones I mean
a dimension my stove just covered me
just cover me you disgusted me less yes
nice have a little break making her own
bed but right now part of the few hours
she's gonna be fine
is it gonna be fun little problem she's
traveling man did you did you do was
having yourself for today
you guys want some breakfast what you
guys say which what breakfast today
probably thinking the Royal we feel it
you feeling
do you like broccoli you like ice cream
do you like broccoli ice cream yucky
I'm sitting here trying to get ahead of
the editing cuz I really want going you
guys to go without vlogs but I know it's
best that you never looked for a bed to
leave in a few minutes and it's like yo
eat yo don't you like oh yeah that's a
good idea it is the long drive to Wales
suitcase is packed and place we're going
has a big swimming pool in it so I'm
gonna bring Alessia swimming
I'm so excited she's never been swimming
in a pool I don't think so
correct me if I'm wrong you've seen my
you see most of my life what's going on
here guys why is there a pregnancy belly
over there you painting nice nice you
guys gonna behave for Erica again no
sweets or chocolate or presents or TV
that was a good idea I was trying to get
ahead on all the editing for all the
vlogs and we come home I can just like
then it's how you're texting I was like
it's gonna do it that's good what you
have to new sweet corn crop Oh is there
the salmon no my favourite salmon
Daylesford organic we should go to Dells
for an organic farm and fish our own
salmon hmm
No we are going what we need to see this
princess before yo hello princess Amelia
it says a Queen Elsa Queen Erica you
guys gonna behave for Erica and sweet no
keep up with Carlo music oh boy oh boy
Wow they love us equally but look at
this Eduardo come here you're so funny
mister yes beautiful
the beauty there we go off again but our
captain alright everybody on board
oh not a good start unless you it's only
a quick spin compared to yesterday is a
quick spin
it's gotta be
made of two wells that we're staying
here in Merck mere cure Mira Mira Capcom
oh it's so much traffic it was a much
longer Drive than expected but we made
it
I know exactly how you feel that's here
good stuff
we are here in our room and look at the
view of Cardiff you can't see cause it's
like so rainy everyone's right as I said
on Twitter what I should can you wear to
the meet-and-greet but you can see
Cardiff I'm gonna wear to try to society
or should we get food also we get in the
room one minute and he's already smushed
she's like oh screw damn they got a
sweet screwed em you want to sleep in
the street have a glass in the floor huh
Society she's gonna walk in Cardiff oh
she is really strung on her leg no no
don't dive into the ground can he tired
she did like it for a long time though
she was never to wear wings you know
she's really good she's not like
dropping away I think she's just harsh
gonna be walking and talking ketchup
ketchup ketchup please
okay tasting
I never seen a burn eliminator is that a
Welsh thing they burn their lemons up
here down here huh what do you think I
don't know what they're like really
handsome so cute even even if I see the
mom is wearing like a yellow dress as
well it's so cute
all you Welsh people are so cute oh my
goodness it's so late less you don't fit
up to sleep oh yeah here we go there go
happy shoes yeah I'm funding a lot with
Alessi on this tour because it's just
turn and median why - I'm here to steal
that steal all the attention you know
just this room has that stroller parking
as well which is pretty cool let's
stroller parking whoa let's have a look
at Cardiff at night let's throw on here
who's the ignore that laughing
she flipped Conover stop yeah very cute
yeah very cute oh it's lovely though
yeah I love it
16 optimal setting what I don't know it
is I should say in 16 is my optimal this
reminds me of New York Cardiff is like
New York that's why don't know somewhere
it's probably in a water something here
distinct well it's 22 it's 22 yeah okay
what did you say she's a bundle of joy
she's had a little shower and it's a
shower of power so tomorrow morning
tomorrow morning I'll try and bring a
lefty at about 6 a.m. you learn
bring Alessi for a swim tomorrow morning
cuz we pull that stairs before breakfast
before you have to get going to me
hopefully it works out I think it'll be
fun have you fine yeah
would have you fun time daddy unless he
goes should be seasons
