they were treating the vet and the
little one said roll over roll over and
one rolled over and I'll be bailout
t2pal like Milly a bell
good morning Amelia hi hey were you
watching daddy were you watching Danny
outside see and back on track hi we
fixed the whole schedule system 20 bed
on time last night she was asleep by
9:00 and now she woke up at 9:00 huh
we're back on track
no that's not f it up what
it's my name what's my name what's my
name
say hi mama oh hey it doesn't matter if
it's a dog a cat mom dad my mom like
when G says hi swallow boy it's always
daddy yeah
he said yeah where's your little footsie
where's your little foot see ya there
your foot tease your feet hmm you wanna
get out you know yes she's confused now
cuz all her bath toys on the floor
oops order I know
all right there you go put it in good
girl
thank you good girl I always think you
look nice like that though yeah gosh
you're biting you like tight jeans like
I don't know does not make me weird
but I like ballerinas and I always think
of a father you know when you're in like
a male ballerina a ballerina or whatever
you know hey where's your dressing gown
now there was no need for you to point
she knew I put on okay bye-bye daddy
say bye bye dad bye dad
good girl let's put on your dressing
yeah the reason dad is wearing a
ballerina secret so one of the big
things I want to do before I leave this
island don't want to conquer Bala
hoorah and we have done pretty well
we've gotten to like all the different
stages up and then last always are like
October or November no it's right let's
hope wasn't it we managed to do do white
one I think was yeah I think we would
beat the white one you know and and then
it counted the winter in Ireland like
once this wintery here it's really hard
to get out you know and then you know I
always had a really good level of
fitness and it sort of dipped off a
little bit and and then come January and
a few times put on me that much you know
and today is the 1st of March and I was
like before I leave this island I want
to complete Bala hora top to bottom the
full 70 kilometers or whatever it is
like something mental like that in order
to be able to do that I need to be super
fit so what I'm gonna try and do is not
so much unlike long-distance cycling
just build up my endurance level because
that's what I need to be demanding so
I'm gonna time myself doing it and then
every day I'm gonna come here and learn
try and do it faster and faster and
faster and faster and faster and faster
and try and build off that high level of
insurance and fitness and then hopefully
in about a month's time or sometime in
April before we leave this island I will
conquer the mountain I will be a
mountaineering hero that's my
girlfriend's that's you know cuz I
cannot I cannot leave here without
finishing value or I like I have to I
have to I want to know what is on the
tippity tappity job and it's like six
hours
by over six hours they say dick he meant
to do it like every six hours about all
my goodness
anyway of course day one day one of this
and I yeah lovely love the rain
well it's kind of slippery Lane so I'm
gonna go anyway
this is crazy so its first of March
happy March everybody and I love every
time I'm one of changes over I don't
know I feel like it's a fresh start
saving reason I I love Monday anyways um
like in when I was in school I used to
love Mondays because it was kind of a
new week but anyway so I'm just changing
over the months for our calendar and
this kind of calendar it's one of those
family planners so you write in you know
mom dad I media and then I have doggies
luckily there's one spot free so I've
always just been putting like family
things like you know that's for
everybody in that sections but that's
gonna fill up so this month hopefully if
I don't go like totally overdue will be
the month that the baby comes
so it's crazy because this is the last
month that I'm going to be writing in
you know only three or four including
the dogs family members names like next
month like in April I'm gonna be writing
another name here with you guys don't
know yet but yeah it's great it's just
like insane I just when those little
things happen even though they're so
small it's like oh my god why look at
the gang gangs out here well no missing
someone who we missing people comment
below right I know who you're missing
but leave a comment below and see if you
guys can guess who's missing I got them
gloves you alright there you go
who's missing we just called in to
Ouma's house
Andrea so happy possessed music playing
or dancing
girl you're gonna play with Alma and
Emma oh yeah when we were coming down
the road like here I mean II I started
going um really yeah like she knew I
think she knows the road and she knows
like your card I'll be just that so okay
let's go bring on her in town no oh it's
gone starters starters millions and
millions of others Christmas trees Oh
telescoping encyclopedias
there it is never used ever the bassinet
we never used the bassinet only goodness
okay alright yo that's right they're
just trying to figure out how we're
gonna get this out of here just dropped
Erica in challenge
oh my god max it looks so crowded right
now now I think we're gonna have some
lunch at my mom's here I couldn't plan
to come here I just felt like it and I
mean yeah I wanted her to do an activity
or just do something and it's not really
nice enough to go to the park or
anything like that so she loves hanging
out with her OMA so I think I'm gonna
have lunch and then I'm gonna try and
aim to have her back home for three so
that we can all take a nap that's what
my life is like this these days
where's TV cats in there
there's no cats in there Amenia
let's see if they're well no she always
tried to stop the big ones in to the
toss
he's almost TV oh my has real TV not
like us we just have this cheapo
internet TV you a big girl in that chair
careful oh my goodness where's no no can
you say no no all she wants to do is go
I don't think we're gonna build the bad
guys I think we decided this room let's
just I just closed the door I give you a
dime like why don't i just like pick
this bed right and throw that bad in
there and she's like no more we need the
spare room i think it's her a nesting
stage where she's just you know it's
like I had to explain pregnancy nesting
it's like I don't come over to a wall
like this and oh there's a little doctor
you know and it would start off like a
little sponge like just get off you know
I think oh they should come back with
like a more like this is like white
spirits or something right on and then
you come back later on it should have
like a stripper and she'd be like
stripping the paint off the walls
sanding it down
rebuilding concrete rebuilding the wall
like and just repaint in water
rebuilding the entire house just because
there was a dot it started up with a
dotted on that's what happens that's
what happens he's crazy like that it's
just like come in sometimes like what
are you doing like who's a bit of dust
over here then why are you like taking a
part in the whole kitchen what going
home now look at Amelia she's trying to
get out we're gonna go home we're gonna
go home you know open the door I'm gonna
open it
good girl good girl good girl
we got some cake
am i made some cake and we had some yuck
well I had some naki Amenia is not I
don't know she wasn't hungry
but then I noticed yeah but then I
noticed she has a little bruise on her
like here and I'm wondering if she's
teething and I don't even know okay I'm
coming you get beer huh rough on that
midnight adventure I got I got a need
I got a neat idea and thought about it I
suck I thought about it it's sneaked
into my mind what someone said you can
can't see Gary exactly exactly what
happens we're going we're going
 this messing about now we're in
Cheerios we got the Wagah Mama's friend
we did it they said a quarter past seven
I know what a momma's today know
February no yeah yeah are you look at
three more two more years and we can
have two more years in Avenal but we
have a special anniversary even comments
even you guys actually married like your
proper merit wedding our proper wedding
was at ember first though that's more
like a fishy Alice that's more
you accept gifts under first not today
oh you got walkies on today what are you
doing what are you doing you and I'll be
on a little bassinet party one remember
a bassinet party where's the media
where's Amelia
where's Amelia where's Amelia God yeah
you are I'll be climbed in and then
Amelia wanted to get in without me uh-oh
SpaghettiOs was Amelia playing with the
gun whoa yeah might as well get our
money's right now seems you never used
this do you are that is this things up
why they were treating the vet and the
little one said roll over roll over
and when rolled over and now be bellow
deep super leg Melia fell out thank you
how are you doing yeah what you guys
been up to
two books which ones that's all right no
Turk books
Boxey don't break Bugsy he taught me a
secret
Meeny epoxy has secrets it's time to say
good night
this is this is how exciting our
Saturday night life is we are on the
verge of being crazy this is this is far
out sometimes we put that mean yet to
bed nearly 10 o'clock Saturday night
okay night-night friends you know I
might say bye-bye
Oh mommy eat it make her eat it see you
guys tomorrow bright and early and feel
free to like this video if there's
nothing else to do you have nothing else
to do for the next 5 seconds the like
button is he's opening hey bye bye bye
bye hurry but just please put today here
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
