hey guys cut
if you like with the dash
good morning everybody and he still
asleep she's not actually in here so
I had we had that night last night
because we came home quite late from my
mom's
I mean late for her from my mom's head
so she went to bed at like what time it
was but as much past her bedtime and
then the dogs woke her I mean everybody
I wake up usually yet like out of state
and then you know I take my shower and
start getting ready and stuff and then
she usually wakes up at 9:00 but or
sometimes she wakes up when I do but
usually it's a bit 9 and by then I've
taken my share and everything with the
dogs
woke her off at half past eight and so
she thought she was kind of like upset
like she was in a bad mood she came in
crying and she was like who do win
Jeannie do you could tell she was still
half asleep so I kind of I brought her
up into the bed with me I'm starting
that towel it just from having been
taking my shower and I just kind of
rocked her because she was upset she was
like just in the grump and she went back
to sleep which I didn't really expect
but I think she's just shattered because
she had so much entertainment yesterday
and then I just got ready and I've been
kind of getting ready slowly to see what
she would do because usually she has
breakfast around 10:00 it's like quarter
to 10:00 now I think but she's no signs
of moving she's just uh oh look at the
hand
you gonna do oh did you hurt just well
that a scream and a belch
that is gross don't do that that's your
ah no no I don't like that no bald bald
oh come here what you do mommies I
makeup no you don't want to do it no
okay give it to mommy
I'll do it you're gonna show the camera
eye nose hey where's mommy's mouth I'm
gonna do mommy's ear under the camera is
thinking there or kind of talking about
wearing a hardest things I think about
when you're leaving the country or
whatever you're leaving your town even
where you being for so long it's like
you know not the like friend
relationships but the other
relationships that you build up you know
like we have the dog groomer and deer
drive we've known her for three years
now and she knows the dogs so Al's got
Claire who Minds the dogs and they have
such a great relationship we've got em
jelly bean we bought all immediate stuff
from the start from them
and even got Suzanne who helps us out
around the house and it's like all these
different people that you're so invested
in bills relation I started crying a
little bit yesterday think he read it
like thinking about her last day because
we've just she's coming three days a
week for when before the big noticing
today she's here over a year the first
day was like we watched the first block
yeah the one from last year and Jonathan
and Amelia we told her they were in his
study and it was like you were high
we were so like and then I I had gone I
had walked the dogs cuz I just wanted to
get out of has now I stay in the head
talking to her all the time what happens
is every time she comes I usually film
that's how I get to know and that's why
my videos have only been like two a week
for the past while because she comes
twice a week but now that she's coming
three times and Erica is gonna be
helping out a little bit more as well so
it's just like hopefully I didn't just
you know before the baby comes have some
time to like film and you know do some
stuff
like actually just not do anything I'm
most looking forward to yeah someone had
to come with you today and it resonated
but you would never say my don't worry
because when the second kid comes along
like having being what nice oh yeah she
was like having a toddler or being
pregnant and looking after a toddler is
way harder than looking after two kids
and I won yes you're not pregnant and
you're gonna get your energy back and I
really appreciate it that comment
because a lot of times you get a lot of
like Stu I remember enjoy your time now
cuz it's all get a change no I see even
people that aren't pregnant now like
that I'm friends with that aren't
pregnant for the first time and they're
getting the same stupid advice don't
scare first-time moms like that's
moistures you know yeah it is mean
though so why was I seriously my brain
is just well fry it turned I was gonna
peel box now and that's the other thing
you know we're not gonna have a peel box
for a while I don't know we'll actually
even have one in the UK or we're decided
we out there but you know and maybe
people are studying stuff we have to
make sure that like if we're gonna leave
whenever we're leaving like a month
before her stuff like that so you know
maybe don't send stuff anymore
just in case it doesn't actually make it
yeah we are working with a management
company when we get to the UK and they
have an office in central London and you
know stay a move might just use that as
the address instead of actually having
our own private Bo box
you know things and even way to unlock
people I said in the comments yesterday
or like I really appreciate that you
were sharing more about this move not
like last time probably last time is
that we lose the court to Cork you know
at this time Abu Bakar yourself
I want to share I want to share as much
as I can about this move and the
stresses involved in that and the hearts
with Malfoy obviously we kind of like
tell you exactly 15 a Peppa Pig blaming
the thief you know what other than that
like I love just after the test commands
beam there's always so much food you
know he just comes the grass who lets
himself in might be kind of cool
actually
so I mean is having the soft buns where
I'm net and door man your boss you get
some clogs York loudest you cracker
don't be clogging up this place it's a
magnet
don't be cousin no okay here want this
so that I hear emergency situation
attend to my chores I must I must say I
get the evil let's be honest now you're
amazing at styling and making babies and
you know wife being a mom hey
when it comes to preparing nutritious
foods it's not really your strong point
let's be honest I don't I'm a joker
joker it's in my future right you there
I'm taking that from you confiscation
the sole thing sir confiscation you guys
grow up you thinking about using what
you got your leg tangled up there you
get a tangle situation nope we're gonna
bring this one out because the inner
ones in the car that's the point of
having loads of strollers Gina's not
coming no my dear I wouldn't open that
door one at a time lads
oh there you go there you go no no no
mommy it's the mommy it's to put your
stuff on come on come on look at the
wine look at Hobby you'd never walk with
the gang huh
what's he done keys do what you thought
you doing huh seemed you'll be able to
walk Amelia oh that look mental imagine
coming across one with this many dogs
like in real life this isn't real life
happy it can't be
hey guys
you'd be like with the dad
I know no it doesn't work because they
don't understand about the wheel reckon
this thing isn't it gorgeous
right yeah it's so smooth the honey's
roller it's like it because for care you
have bunnies the casado looks hungry eye
bruh
looks really cute and I love that colors
and everything and have fun it is but
this is like a dream to drive there's
like no friction or anything that the
wheels are just really smooth you love
the doggies he was laughing at them
yeah they're looking for bunnies our
bunny boots
I know it's crazy she's rocking Sonny I
know
favorite tomorrow's the 29th
first of March we got married legally in
article 29 attorney to leave here so
under links down below you can enjoy our
wedding two years ago oh yeah yeah yeah
he's it's grouchy is it Scratchy
don't pick that up we're gonna pick that
up okay bye they're so cute friend okay
what do you want me to do take your
boots off me a fight is this look at
this your royal highness
that's why it's a tough way oh yeah yeah
it was not easy okay I need to rub your
feet or something no were they I mean
yeah all right so we're gonna tackle the
oak tree me because she kept wearing
them and you have to soak them you don't
just put the product directly on that's
like really strict away I thought it
says it like in bold fun it's like do
not put product directly on to the ugh
so we'll see how this works so this is
what it looks like before this was the
one that got spilt on the most
yeah actually still look in pretty good
shape
okay so now they're soaking but it looks
fine so I'm just gonna let them dry
overnight and see what happens we'll see
and then I think I'll try it oh yeah and
I think afterwards when they're dry you
scrub with the the spongy part it's not
a hairbrush like sure things are the
hairbrush it's an over brush oh oh my
goodness your bowl don't give it to teal
look thieves get your bow no let me know
did you make a discovery yeah a
discovery he was out for me latest
discovered
chocolate pretzels hmm we offered her a
milky way she's like no I've heard a
malteaser she's like no that's the offer
macaroons was like no then you learned
about the pretzel fine pretzel Mick
Thomas are you inhaling it don't get
don't give the Tito Tito its Pisan 40 Oh
what are you gonna do with that ego put
it in in force
yeah all right say good night to your
friends say bye bye friends we're over
here you've got a mouthful of tea Oh
Harris say bye-bye
I'll see you guys next month that's
crazy
say bye bye snake taking their TVs hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
