first daddy pig yeah good girl Where's
George mmm good girl
wash Peppa yeah good girl and where's
baby Alexander where's the baby yeah
good girl of me yeah
hello and welcome to the rookies we are
at a safari park which except yeah the
animals have been replaced with plastic
balls yeah look at this thing here look
at her fasters hey hey you
Dara Paco Wally's on the back of the bus
also some talk of Wally's but I was
actually more explicit as far as I
remember the words a fool you interacted
back in a bus and you're like oh the
fronton of those people are super how
would you say like it was a song Wow did
you son miss you there you've got like a
white elbow at and hand the tans arm
elbow
alright this part here what's it gonna
risk aristocrat you're an aristocrat Oh
God look at this
hold up it there like a person are you
I don't know what happened this cuz it's
like the up here as well see when I was
doing it or probably will give me a some
question yeah firm we treasure yeah yeah
but Pilate are like wow your baby it
looks a great tag we need your Oaks
cleaners today we will test out its
gonna do it this morning really to like
soak them and everything okay one boob
Safari though
ready friends hello hello do you want me
to walk the chaos land
I know I know but there's so many kids
in there today
I wouldn't fit one fret we bring Kiel
it's like a Tito is here 52 I wanna go
all right oh my god
her favorite part of this whole place is
the soccer pitch or whatever the hell
this is called oh you trying to pick up
to my junior jockeys in here it's kind
of scary yeah it's kind of scary I feel
like I'm getting hit with the ball dad's
wearing pink socks
yeah he got those Ted Baker's dogs from
Erica and they've got pink tips on them
get someone else to pay you ready good
girl
oh she can
good girl
we are lost in the jungle we are lost in
the jungle friend but we found some
icecream
we found a giant ice cream the fat is
very nice good friend treasure an esky
all wrong look at that there's like
mixer motors that way there's a bike
that way which way should be
girlfriend's picture should we go friend
okay you're gonna go over you tell me if
it's safe you tell me the tape
definitely safe watch out for a poo oh
we're on an adventure well underneath it
someone's hanging out there watching
someone review if you're watching where
are we going listen tree go you gotta
get down crawl under
oh no friends don't thank me thank me
weights me ok ready ready here we go
every time we come here
Melia tries to climb this be ready I'll
give you one little foot up come on you
can do it you can do it you can do it ah
come on you can do it
let's go believe in yourself you got one
you got one foot up one helping hand
that's all you got do it do it do it
this one's a bit harder now don't give
up don't give up huh look at you
King in a castle hi hey oh my goodness I
am pooped friend I'm hope this is one
I'm gonna need a nap
this is one me I put so much fun isn't
it this way
we have look what I want shot knows that
media has no interest in going on these
I want a shot in those I want to shatter
- good price go find mom push it another
way hey Mina Amelia Amelia okay I mean
yeah with you here
I'll get you there present media
peekaboo
hey you want the camera you want the
camera we're just waiting for daddy he's
just getting some milk and some supplies
cuz we're gonna make caprese toasties
spirit eyes we had mozzarella at home
and we were like oh my goodness I cook
great uh-huh peekaboo hey come on I
can't reach I can't reach you we never
put her mirror on this we should have
done that cuz I don't really like to
look at themselves
there's Junior's little seat
therfore EG lay on it um I think she had
a lot of one in the Safari Park and
thankfully Jonathan was there to run
around after her because unlike I was
just sitting there like a little slumped
person no excuse me I was just so tired
and I'm exhausted right now from
absolutely doing nothing just sitting
there watching I mean the baby was
kicking a lot oh cool no seeing that
before
look it's like uh somebody sounds like
spores EO let's try not ad for
I got the normal roles as well just
because you're afraid to actually you
know try something new in your life now
I just got dramas it's crap
but I was like I'll get that anyway oh
cool well test it out we'll pointer to
its paces
anyway you're to my paces as I was
saying oh sorry um what was it things I
wasn't even here I'm just excited
tomorrow
I know text you for the future a baby
brain or whatever pregnancy brain baby
brain
yeah what's this that's what you call it
after like after you have your baby I'm
gonna baby brain 18 months later and you
still happy I don't know I think it only
goes up until like maybe 12 talking to
the brain then you have teenager brain
yeah and you have 20 roller and then
years old then you're just old like me
like I do not talk to you and it does
take us home Emilia toasty is almost
done
look we've gotta put mozzarella tomato
mozzarella Pomodoro rucola just gonna
put salt
what's he telling for olive oil oh yeah
all your oil olive oil olive oil no you
know with a group and it is cool these
are really cool I like you buy this so
like a subway for lungs where happies
yours Nellie ready friend this is nearly
ready
what I do is I was prepare mine right
don't put it on until the baby's asleep
is that I can enjoy it like it's like
the way it's made to be enjoyed this is
my like an Italian bubble someone
where's uncle pake yeah where's cousin
Chloe good girl
where's baby Alexander baby piggy
where's baby Alexander is he having a
bath later they take baby Alexander out
in his buggy this is the sky says Peppa
can you say sky Gugu says baby Alexander
the sky is where rain comes from can you
say rain look at a strong first daddy
pig yeah good girl Where's George
mmm good girl
where's Peppa yeah good girl and where's
baby Alexander where's the baby
yeah good girl of me yeah oh my god how
exciting and he has big-girl beds just
arriving
so he's getting it in and there was a
mattress as well and that means don't
put her in her big-girl room well nari
we'll just set it up she's actually up
for her nap right now but I need to cure
it that room and just kind of like I
can't really put her to bed in a room
with like tons of makeup and everything
because she would just have a feeling if
she woke up the next morning and
realized so exciting I've just arrived
meeting his dad hey guys what serious
bad bone keep it super quiet boy let's
just prove just for all into hearing
this is a looking soft isn't that like
that memory foam or something oh she's
one what come on oh maybe it's like
right there there's something like looks
so good that isn't it
hey guys look it's juniors man this is
what we got for him instead of a caucus
time we're just got to move him directly
to the bed leave Amelia in the crib cool
all right let's put it away
well it's not like there's any fear of
being peed on anymore he'll be would you
like would you like to pee Marcus no no
while I'm working cheese run in the bag
like I do every night I'm getting the
bad guys move in there oh yeah this
stuff here by the way smells amazing
wheeze it last night for a first time oh
my gosh a mini open the king and you put
it on your like
so good topes recommended you look right
needs a couple of days to see you can
have any reaction to immediate skin what
happened
I hope hopefully this one's like works
out because smell so nice and juicy
yeah no no no go ahem okay 20 at the
moment with the whole like you can't in
video sorry it's really tricky when
you're moving country you know define
like the location you know that I'm
wearing hardest things is like looking
for a house and looking for somewhere to
live in a country that you don't know
that well it's like so much more
difficult like even though we lived in
the UK for two years they lived in
format for a year I've lived in London
for here still like you know we did live
there for a year like our circumstances
were completely different you know we're
now I'm not looking for the same thing
that we have back then you know I'm not
looking for we had like just an
apartment in Greenwich you know whereas
now it's like we're like a family you
know you're looking for like a house
with a garden and somewhere where we can
walk a dog some more like facilities for
Amelia and for junior and you know
you're just looking for such different
things and you know it is buts just it's
really hard you look at places my god
that looks really nice you know like
when we we read to Bournemouth like we
got it so wrong because we were actually
living in Munich when we looked at the
former one and you know we ended up
living in Moscow anyway listen format
well no Bosco is we were like that's
nowhere near the University and we're in
this like super dodgy spot you know and
I was like oh my goodness because
there's no idea but of course the agency
were like it's beautiful you know so
it's just it's really tricky you know
making guys in the UK like live sort of
looked in our Greater London area
someone I like you know troll torrents
and names of that areas me to have a
look at and nice like that'd be cool you
know and everything traffic as the cars
you know it's like ah
do we take cards we have now and drive
over with them or you know we like get
rid
cards here in Ireland and then go over
there and then get her you know it's
like Oh what to do it's a tricky one for
them probably work itself out somehow
okay are you getting media about that
back down what do what you gonna do when
the sun's come for you is it bad time
the bedtime song it's different bedtime
song tonight
a little hoodie huh little ass ball baby
huh
what's this one is it oh yeah it's baby
bear mommy bear it's you it is cute
you love them
little twirl turned on here suckers
I'll get the hands up mmm ha ha you're
so cute friend hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
