damned and done and and done and done
and done and done and done and and
benham I am your father you say Luke
Skywalker
good morning guys I have two pieces of
very interesting information for you
information sheet number one we dinner
who beat the system we live in a pee
free home lads it actually worked since
I'll be a gone neutered right we gave
him a few days say maybe it's just a
couple of days but he hasn't marked
anything he doesn't really growl or bark
and anyone normally like you know when
people come to the house he'd be like oh
hold on a second so everyone kind of
knows now that the deal with Alby but em
he's been so good like internet quiet
but he still himself on his personality
doesn't change but he's a lot calmer
what and we're first unite dudes kind of
tricky and I he was like howling and was
upset and self what many sort of calm
down and no markings at all
second bit information today we are nine
months pregnant
I remember last year or last year when
we had a media I remember we're nine
months pregnant I was like but why don't
why don't we have a baby now cuz it's
like they don't explain it everybody
it's only when you're pregnant you
realize that pregnancy is actually ten
months and all those movies nine months
later nine months nine months solid
crock of lies so back in lies that
pregnancy is ten months not nine months
um can I help you something can you have
you at something Oh what's your new word
where's the car if you looked at the
waiter this morning we're like where's
the car she's like car yeah I don't
think he goes in there I curled my hair
with the first time in ages and I took
so long I was like who has time for this
anymore seriously but I think I'm what
I'm going to do is cut it I think I'm
going to cut it like to where it was
when I last cut it not when I last put
it but when I first cut at that time
like this time last year we've actually
been going back and one
old vlogs and stuff like since
Jonathan's started doing the one two
three years thing so and I really like
my hair the way it was then and also it
would be handy for just like having a
baby and getting ready in the morning
and I know I will have even less time
when jr. comes along so as much as this
hair curl it is pretty it just takes too
long so yeah I'm gonna probably get it
cut soon I have my doctor's appointment
today as well my OB appointment so we
get to see the baby and amelia is coming
this time because my mom is not in town
so she can't mind her so we're gonna
bring her and we haven't brought her in
a while so I'm curious to see how well
she behaves it's gonna be during her nap
time almost we'll see all right I
decided today go out at once more and
get eat the last of these super quick
Nazis Oh such time these were nine
months pregnant no I guess I was like T
for so long I always thought nine months
is you have way more than I've ever
weighed seriously but I'd like the truth
oh my goodness are you bigger than
immediate like what weren't for me I
just can't imagine that I would I know I
was 142 at like 40 weeks of her and Here
I am will you go to 160 I think oh my
god imagine you weighed more than me
don't be hilarious have you so 40 don't
we so funny of you a born me oh is that
your bunny rabbit
hmm there's the funny like the Fox show
ellaby show out their toys oh good girl
yeah
oh one at a time
we missed the Fox Fitness I ran to get
it she was like checking away to him
like it was like yeah I'm a full-blown
Cabo lose a cow go you are the pickle if
I'll be too foxy until I'll be about the
Fox Phil have you read the box
like torrential storms like note any
dress no because I'm doing everything it
was fine to medium for us neatly we'll
get to see junior thinking I was like
kind of cool
I'm like we're not much there he's like
I think well I think we're like are we
all week by week now yeah we clean out
this and what
than in four weeks left
for for physics I feel like it's better
journey where that when our OB we went
your last time we're never going to
another charity it's like I know
outside orbital oh yeah just
that's how I felt last time though like
you couldn't even send a postcard and
you go back after what
I believe the batter's awake lads I
believe the bat was awake
Emilia you are you're no baby
here little baby good morning again my
little friend is friend I won't say that
one in a while
Oh who's that are you gonna do that
little toy wait I said it up there bear
the day means of things I just woke up
from my nap
it's like Huff's oh now it's 7:00 okay I
woke up a while ago but it's like half
past six when I woke up and I was like I
don't even know when I fell asleep I'm
lost except for two hours because left
for the whole time when I mean I was
taking her nap
hi hi where's your slippers you need to
be wearing slippers it's too cold
sure hey Mina did you close the gate
don't let the dog ease up okay oh good
girl good I was very suspicious that you
got a bit high high cuddle me quick can
I have a hug and a kiss anyone gonna
kiss hey
not your someplace we go down what did
you do well you slept my lights up so
you don't really have anything to report
he's dad oh my god I just actually got
beaten there
that was insane yeah baby yeah hey guys
I actually I goes is such a cake what is
this it's actually like paint was
hurting me like not gritty sore but you
know like somebody pushing me from the
inside that was meant to there a second
ago
please little person is there that's
what this one okay yeah Oh funny all
gone merely as a sitter damage is eating
a raisins raisins are good at Pisan but
ff10 are we going hater otherwise this
is mental
is that it still nice that kid there was
insane like oh sorry there's just not a
lot of room in there there's no more
room no more growing hear me oh okay
again Oh God are you sad these sooner as
a kid everybody yeah dude
oh nice getting my lunchbox we didn't
get they weren't in like a little box
like this they came in a big box and
then we get a few of them in like a
tissue that was harder for you back in
the eighties lads there's no fancy boxes
it was a handful off to the cinema but I
had for a raisins Oh jeepers look in you
Bob
so tonight we made some special rice
full of fortified vegetables for Anna's
iron mates and fish cakes cakes made of
fish and some mushy peas extra mushy
peas for jokey jokes
ah none for Nene's to fish cakes are
caught and to anamur salmon I think
they're caught and their assignment they
actually look different but they don't
the same but I think is a difference and
then I'm rice yeah I know and then rice
or loads of different nice vegetables
and stuff this is going to be a nice
little collection selection collection
job rose collection collection right
plates plates did you think it's done i
reindeer oh my god I know that's Dino
I got diner when I was 13 years old I
got him in the Danbury mall and we're in
Danbury Connecticut Ben you guys live
near Danbury Connecticut big mall
that's what Dino came from 1993 he's a
long way from home let's get some lunch
huh go what is going on up here oh my
goodness how did you even get so late
yeah you love the bus kill or anymore I
need to take a break yeah this is what I
call you know you're a very little chair
that's what I call a stair break it's
there we need take one would you're
pregnant you need to stop at the top of
stairs big down we should have like a
chair here just for me just like city
manager and then yeah take a short nap
and okay what pajamas will we be wearing
tonight I like to do this for her
I'd like to put them on the radiator so
that when she's out of her bath she is
nice and cozy cuz I remember when I was
small like when nothing's just sniffing
and not being over there no I remember
when I was small like getting out of a
bath at nighttime and if my mom had put
my pajamas on the radiator they felt so
good when you put them on just after
your bath and then you put on some
especially if it's like if you live in a
country like hardened words usually cold
just putting them on makes you feel all
warm and cuddly it's really nice so I
like to do that for media still have not
organized her thing yet but looking with
that
you still singing damned and done and
and done and done and done and done and
done and and better I am your father you
say Luke Skywalker pump inside to mom
inside the mom inside to mom let's go I
don't think mom's in there okay once
care I'll give you one scare before
bedtime
I really we can't jump anymore because
we break the bed that's what I do now
I'm a bed breaker lucky to know where
you trying to go tit okay would pick
this card yep hi oh hi
what what's that he's like huh let's go
let's go uh hey got the Baba the guy
survived ah all right lads
all right right lads and lasses you see
this tomorrow the voice of reason is
here toasty and warm hey friend
I got moisturize first all right when
she's moisturizing I shall bid you
farewell
say bye my friends tonight my friends
hey you guys well Mike hey Dad hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
we'll be ass Wow
