Oh
good morning and welcome do that some
days huh sunny buggies all right super
Quinn sausages this happened because we
were out of that no milk soy milk is
pretty much empty yeah milk is pretty
much full but how it's just like you
know what the types of sausages some
sauce sauce sauce sauce such is because
it's a Sunday Sunday sausages it did
thing just happened last night during
story time wasn't it only himself
what's his name the Baywatch fella I can
hear I can hear you screaming at me
scripts cream bladder at your screen
David Hasselhoff nice one that was great
I was crazy I can hear it and the acid
is a hassle I was reading the story time
and I see Reese's last night that's not
really funny and I was watching over the
media
ah you just you just turned it off
what's even funnier though is that added
tweeted that she was all watching it
she's like oh my god I watched your
media is you know watching David
Hasselhoff the story time IG when I was
younger days and hash drop was a
Baywatch
and Jim had some hop favorited to tweet
and I was like oh my god that is so
funny
I'm like you wonder what what what are
you doing this is Twitter great was it
so funny though what is so funny turn it
back on we won't be turning it off again
now will we I can see your eyes I can
see you mas o turn off the computer we
actually am I went in like disable this
button and she always used to turn
around and turn it off again let's just
write her off don't do it don't do it
don't do it don't do it
you are a little munchkin Messer you're
a munchkin Messer well let's get some
Sassy's pay yourself you were about to
get hungry you're about to get hungry
Oh suddenly Sassy's and of course it's
defying the Sunday rule having this
pariah what about jr. he's telling me
come on sausage mom yeah I said well I
don't know if that lasts to lunch and I
love that luck
Emilio's gonna have so much you're
sitting here watching this munching away
what did u just discover in life Oh FRA
strategies like minimax oh no no well
first she had her banana and then Shawn
I just get in her car she's like you're
annoying oh and she was lucky that the
that's all she like that's not my part
is so annoyed and then you're like I
just left her alone as you like what is
this what is this it's a sundae treat is
their son nature going on over here
alright WrestleMania hilarious
how it looks good we have to come off
yesterday we figured that Kony could do
with a break it was a good boy he didn't
like it so he's off the cone oh I'm
gonna clean that house today
good girl medias helping me Hoover
oh yeah good girl we're such strong
women with our members I'm teaching my
daughter like her womanly chores huh
cleaning it's so much fun we're back in
storage room oh my god okay so like I
said yesterday
I organized all junior stuff now I have
to try and get all of the media stuff
organized because so she's kind of like
living out of this room right now I
thought of some more stuff that I needed
for him like um not needed to buy but
just like best best hello I haven't
really been buying vests because the
thing is I have so many media I just her
newborn box is like in her room I think
in her closet so I need to get that but
that's why I haven't bought any because
she has like so many play in fact in the
beginning most of the stuff she owned
was like in terms of vests was like
plain white huh who's that girl who's
that pretty girl who's that pretty girl
huh were you walking backwards
are you a Wacka Wacka Wacka Wacka Wacka
Wacka why are you going backwards well
you know she's turned into a backwards
person backwards man backwards man don't
push Oh mommy show mommy
he's on some backwards buzz
pretty nearly show mommy huh if you got
some snot seized there oh did you get
that scold no maybe that's why she's
acting a bit tired there's so many
clothes I think what I need to do is
sort out what's like 18 tests problem is
there's a ton of 18 to 23 or 1824 that's
like summertime clothes so that's fine
like it's just that it really doesn't
get hot here at all so I think I'm gonna
have to save that for like if we take a
summer holiday or something but that
shouldn't really go in her closet right
now where's me Nia
wait she wanted to put on this - - ah oh
pretty girl hi again again you like it
oh you want to take it off we take it
off Wow Oh got over uh-oh
look at this friend we're gonna have
ourselves a giggle Oh can't even get it
open Wow it's complicated isn't it I
know we open something new what you
gonna see it oh wait oh it's a great
British design huh let's build this
thing and we'll come back to you guys
later we figure out how this works
because at the moment I don't think it's
I don't think it works like this ah jeez
it would be cool if I had wheels but I
guess this is what the future is like
you know just they don't even need
wheels
see it's just it's a hovercraft it's the
new hovercraft system hmm what what's
this
oh that's halfway what has one wheel
oh and one wheel
she did the stroller Olympics tested all
the different shoulders your different
like tests you can get top gear at the
same we're all different strollers yeah
we soku like different court with your
braking distance breaking past don't let
them break yeah under the kilometer
thing that's pretty good break
hopefully do that dad's on the job huh
that looks pretty tasty friend does that
Oh tasty no time to talk
no time to talk so I just collapsed in a
heap heap hop I was gonna make my toasty
see I was going to peppers on it but I'm
what I might do is I might wait to put a
little Magoo down so I just couldn't go
on anymore I don't know what happened I
just was like guy stirred over I got on
the couch because I was so I just got
overwhelmingly tired and I started like
generally falling asleep I just get so
tired now I'm like still exhausted and I
did sleep last night I had a bed like
seven eight hours of sleep which it was
undisturbed sleep as well so you know it
wasn't bad um
but I just get so so exhausted so
Jonathan I felt bad but like I just had
to like lie down I just I couldn't do
anything so I came up here because Oh
Emilio was playing with the boxes from
the packaging of the pasado stuff and I
don't know I just started getting I was
like oh my god I'm just gonna get
stressed out if I watch this happen
because she was like ripping everything
apart I just came up here but Jonathan's
been realized and he is making me a
toasty so
you appreciate that because I feel like
I'm going to just collapse or I do feel
like those gonna collapse until I got up
here and now I'm just like oh my god I
don't even know how I'm gonna get
anything done today although it is
Sunday so I don't feel that bad oh my
god
I know it's not that much longer but I
just feel sometimes that on a seat I'm
like I don't know if I can do this for
another month
I'm not crying by the way my Eider just
wandering from running but like I just
don't even know
I don't remember feeling this tired with
Amelia but then I never had I didn't
have another a toddler to run around
after and okay we didn't have six dogs
but it wasn't as intense because like
four of them were puppies and it was
just different I don't know it's just so
different the second time oh it's a
beauty let's put the lid on get a little
squash oh let's not place it over here
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
you can't reverse that energy like a
squash put it back oh look to the back
sorry let's squash unlike Hannah he's
likes crushing it out nice nice
you enjoying yourself over here mm-hmm
you falling asleep in the deepest
oh hi hi welcome back
Oh
I usually hate living in bed against an
clump it's in the sheet I make an
exception because I was all wrecked
trying to make me sad which with like
cherry tomatoes and cucumber and I'm
chicken and cheese
these things every day it's a little is
a booby-trap TV for me every day I have
to try and take them off this stupid
door
it's the stringing one as the water
storm trying to get out the door Jesus
gives a call quickly when sitting like
little alarms like bells do you think
yeah are you still there gonna get a
song already we do not know the name of
the song or the lyrics is the song we
just like make your own words upwards
upwards upwards up makey makey makey
makey chinese pasta tea and rice it's
everything that I think is nice look
like that some pickups on the 7up Oh
live it up you know sometimes you see
that midday pick-me-up it's like like
fizzy water a little bit of sugar and a
million other things that will probably
kill me one day picture that's one day
today is death hey it's just you nobody
feels just a little bit dipped dipped in
weather and I don't feel like drinking
coffee because that feels a little
heavier so I go to sugar water big water
fit one and I prove it
do you like this is this one of your
babies a media loves pass down and you
know I well I did a crepe pasta when I
was playing with her but I have always
loved passed on so I ate a lot of it
when I was pregnant with her obviously
and so I sometimes wonder is that why
she loves it so much but then with this
pregnancy was jr. I craved meat and now
I'm wondering cuz I didn't with her and
she doesn't really like me that much but
I'm wondering will he like meat that
would be really interesting if he was
more of a meat eater because I could
totally understand that just because of
what I craved although having said that
I paved oranges on her and she has no
interest in oranges Oh s T u B W X Y Z
we actually call it dead it's got a dead
French okay friend with you tonight I'm
song again again one last time when last
time we'll see I will say good night
night song
see you guys tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
