Hey okay then here I was half dude yeah
well but nobody faster
ha ha hey careful I don't think I want
that one I don't think uh ha ha ha
good morning we had a really rough night
last night not because of the media
because of Albie Albie had his comb on
and he was so depressed and he just
barked how old scratched at the door and
basically cried the whole night long and
Jonathan almost had like a meltdown
because we did have him out down because
he kept getting up and you know giving
it to him and then trying to settle him
are you doing she is obsessed with this
room who it is
say who's that who's up there who is it
oh man yeah Oh mais up there Erica can't
say Erica she whispers Erica for some
reason when we got it say Erica she
whispers cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes
cupcakes cupcakes can you count them one
two three two two three Nicolas Nicolas
I see you are you see let me Cola ah
smudge rule Oh Oreo and makes me run
away from me
I got no food only people getting food
is it because of me
cuddles from food cuddles from food oh
it's my DS gettin cuddles he's getting
food yeah
well hello legalize hi hanky
it's a we're friends hmm oh we got
friends better than the stairs
Oh
thank you this my plaque all right you
got MP fender and the good stuff lights
there's the good stuff you know I want
the pledge to remember a pledge did you
guys take the pledge after your
confirmation so I rushed it I don't know
after the confirmation you take this
thing called a pledge you drink this
they know and you promise like enough to
drink alcohol for like what is it three
years or four years or something like
that
I remember to take my confirmation I
took the pledge and then during the
confirmation dinner I had champagne and
orange juice so I didn't last very long
Nord well I suppose come fail haldi no I
started like parting and I should stop
this no nope the back covers Hey
okay love huh you go okay so I finally
figured out what I want to put in my
hospital bag for the baby
so one two three four I'm usually in
there for three days and hey that's the
thing I remember last time around it was
so different like it's so different with
your first one because people were
telling me like everything what I was
doing wrong like it in videos not in
real life like in comments before like
you parked we're too much blah blah blah
and like oh that's ridiculous but the
thing is in Ireland things are different
to say like America or the rest of the
world so people were just going off like
their own countries and like what
happens there oh my god my nails I
painted them last night
people were like you've had way too much
and then they didn't realize that in
Ireland you typically stay there for
three days unless you don't want to or
whatever reason you have a c-section
it's obviously longer and so when I was
in there with meeting up before were
like oh you packed away too much blah
blah blah and then
turned out Jonathan had to go back for
more so yeah this time I'm just like
yeah I know exactly what I'm doing for
baby grows and then one that's not
that's kind of like a lady it's kind of
weird doesn't have a Inge whip but it's
just cool for the pictures because it'll
be matching with my rest of my stuff and
then hi I've got the receiving blanket
I'm gonna pack the muslin cloth just in
case I do end up swaddling him we never
swaddled a media really but what it'll
be possible and then everything else is
in this bin and I organized it all by
size so we've got like the bigger sizes
at the bottom and then working its way
up so now I'm kind of ready for to get
packing I don't want your bag I'm gonna
bring it last time I brought that one I
think I'm getting another pink lining
one so I think I might wait and see I'm
not sure a teenage dirtbag teenage
dirtbag is that that's why see it turned
on kids eric is an economy that's what
came on
this is a wipeout wait for it oh my
goodness did you notice tallest building
in world
Juvenal
now where I run at run a deadline here
folks serious deadline situation that
the line is dead but we are going to
bring life to the line
why we listened to teenage your bike
yeah you're gonna read a hobby a book
hunting a picture for my Instagram cuz
you're so cute so I think she knew that
Alby was feeling unwell see guys you
ruin it
he's crowning at them not her but you
don't care yeah you're gonna read your
book good girl
so anyway I came out here and she was
reading a book to Halloween she was
sitting on her step just reading a book
huh do you love reading we read that
book drop mommy to read it for you yeah
okay
are you a bloggers are you bloggers hey
careful there now
careful there now oh cool
you gonna sit there like you gonna read
I'll be a story was it my cold is coming
like a wrecking ball look at this stuff
though oh don't mind me laptop go look
at this first offense help stop Scholz
before look in the first sign focus you
use at the first sign of a cold so if
you get the first sign of a cold look
first offense mix I'm gonna give this a
shot because it hasn't like turned into
a full-blown cold yeah decided it would
probably best to get some mms because I
cared that Eminem's also fixed Cole's
throat you have oh um you busy get some
business emails you sending some
business emails yeah
no damn it I said no um I mean yeah yeah
don't dance don't dance in a Macbook
cancel a dance in the morning and a
dance in the sea and I have seen the
moon and the stars in the sea I'm okay I
don't have another dance in the bone and
I danced on a Macbook and then I phoned
for fun okay
it said there would be mild stinging
there's more than mild stinging I my
nose you tripping oh it's weird big
stuff JC whoa
I shot up the first time I did I shot
one too and it was way up to my brain
okay well maybe his work so he just
works oh yeah to do editing anyway oh no
backup for two days
ah you're slippin and of course on the
Saturday tradition we got the Tosi's we
got the coffee's
and hurts I love the show
love the show new best show CC CC helix
come on the Daleks watch it without me
teal well he's got issues yo sister in
the south cute but community like this
in the night garden with that little
girl she has one she did I know it was
our neighbors one of the next door he is
that he's two little girls and he
obviously knew about upsy-daisy
we didn't know at that time show us on
it like 6 o'clock so 7 yeah she does
it's a night gardening
yeah I always cook dinner or when a
blonde still alive always know up upsy
daisy's on in the night garden
it's on CBC ok then they say good night
yeah ok I gotta get to work friends
right we're having decided we're going
to have courgettes the ages into our
croquettes and I'm defrosting these
because I totally forgot about them yo
so you can have them tomorrow oh yeah oh
yeah I'm fish go get some fish are you
point now he's come back on e boy what
are you done oh it's gone oh it's
alright scratching sled alby's has to be
on his best behavior because if you see
one licking of the area cuz it's all
sealed up now so hey
you'll go back you'll be a conehead
again you want to be a conehead what do
you want you want this bike oh I mean a
commuter conehead mom give me the
conehead no she's a real psycho knee her
mom is the conehead you're gonna be a
lamb who does it go where does it go if
you go back on a leech
Oh
what if it's there you look so fast yeah
yes sir goodness where are you going
where are you going
I won't go there you go why are you
going where are you going
yelling what is don't ideal hightea door
hey oh okay then you're gonna have to
yeah but hey careful right um I don't
think I want that one I don't think I
know you don't let the dogs have in you
though do you want one doesn't mean I
want one which is gonna pass over to me
now
tio so have a new process now unlike
bandana is so far pregnant she can no
longer leaning into the crib to putting
me at the bed hi guys
tsunami destroyed hunt
music hello see you tomorrow
Reverend hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
