how didn't we make such a cute baby is
it just me is it just me no I just think
you're super cute because your mind
probably off I think that's part of him
what she is
good morning everybody I am on my own
this morning everybody else is asleep
I've been I think is coming down with
something
so it's probably better to let him sleep
and then Amelia has been just I don't
know
she's been waking up like in the night
so much lately and that's not like her
at all like she's usually a sleep
through the night err so um we've been
trying to put her down at her regular
bedtime and she's just resisting going
to sleep and no matter how tired she is
and I think it's just because her
schedule was all messed up when we went
to Dublin which I kind of thought she
was okay though like we were still
putting her to bed because we had the
extra room there we were still putting
her to bed at like around her bedtime it
was a bit late though and I kind of
thought she'd be ok but I was not she
just got out of schedule or something
and she had a few late nights and then I
think because her bedtime is like 9:00
she just wasn't going down and she
wasn't like even if she was tired she
just wouldn't it was like she would
refuse to go to sleep no matter how
overtired sometimes I actually am a
heavier sleeper while pregnant so if I
actually get to sleep it's like there's
no way to me up so I don't even hear her
and Johnson ends up having to get up
because usually it's me who gets up and
comforts her but lately it's been him so
he I think he's exhausted I still wake
up super tired and I feel like what's
wrong with you
he's like um I mean I woke up four times
last night I'm like really I didn't even
know so yeah that's kind of not very
nice right hello
feeling a bit better today not really
well I wouldn't say I'm a bit better I
would just say that I haven't gotten
worse would be a better term
in the situation I had someone suggested
I had one the morning or in the evening
I was allowed to sleep a little later
than usual pick number 10 so I didn't
get worse which is the important thing
because I was like all about whatever
yesterday was like the start of it you
know you feel the sore throat you got to
get the sniffles and then it can
sometimes snowball out of control that
but luckily it didn't because I was be
concerned too right the moment there's
like a huge a flu epidemic breakout
thing in SU Hey
just the main University Hospital in
Cork I wasn't going oh my god I was part
of like when I was in like when a
shopping centers recently I somebody had
it and they passed it to me and they
like do with Ana and then she gives a
junior and immediately gets an adult
gets it let's how it starts and then
basically the secona Joey Bloggs turns
into the walking dead bugs sort of hide
our fat lip fat lip Magoo get ready for
your photo shoot I was groovin about you
there
boomer closers and yank em each Claire
yeah he came runnin to me I could smell
the stuff off them hpop bugging their
photos onto their passports today
we ran inside it'll be ok for this focus
laughs you're doing they're dead you
making the photo show you the photos up
yours for the one is Nick - when they're
rich on that one
who is that tell my sister that one
under the table that begets that another
that can bruised itchy
great yeah they are there no there's the
guy yeah focusing on that one there look
there's me there's me
I'm only Gardens over here nobody nobody
exam here test he'll you know he wonder
neat you nobody nobody nobody don't have
to pay cancer let Nevaeh i princess one
little little bit of color in their
lives
give it to me okay oh here it's very
very important to Kepler toy the blur
tool is it yeah oh yeah oh yeah it's
already a bit like that pick you up here
now dead no need oh my god that's how
you creepy
no dad why would you stuck that now
death not funny
come on that's horrific now do that to
newbies picture not mine
no cancel cancel cancel that's your
outfit
can we see oh pretty girl oh my god oh I
see a little silhouette of a man got a
bush
you gotta move see that range look at
her look at her
so cute gee so cute huh the pens are way
too big first I give you a child of the
future
she was waiting at the ceiling no I
think I didn't make a crease okay I need
to get dressed now with my hand like
this in your mouth like that what did
you do I arranged on a printer and lost
it
I had like mania has like ruined all my
pages right I had him at five pages left
just crumpled the pages what I'm
thinking it was like hey is this your
last page what do you I know about it do
it again
what do you do that I'm just going to
draw a picture of the dogs this jaw you
know they draw my life yes please to
give me the path while she's chewing on
her lip anyways isn't it so cute so cute
direct though she spilt milk on these
anyway yeah that sucks she wrecked her
uggs because she spilled milk all over
them and Carluccio's when we're in
Dublin you want to take her down I'm
just gonna get dressed
that's it did you isn't she so cute
though isn't she
and it has ears the little hood makes
such a cute little baby how did we make
such a cute baby is it just me
is it just me - I just think you're
super cute cause your mind call me up I
think that's part of him what cheers oh
I think every parent thinks they there
cuz cutest
I love will you ask her for a hobby
chickens good you know mommy
why'd you help you okay
I'll be down in a sec I'm just getting
dressed okay good girl
come on she seems by bo-bo-bom bom bompa
hi Albie hi yeah so bringing our back to
the vets just two am give my check see
and check and see up and see although
here's a bit looking he's a bit fidgety
on it you know he's got his mad at
camera but he's still acting all fidgety
I think he's been licking at because it
it looks a little inflamed but maybe
that's normal I can't remember was quite
a while ago last and we did it
if you know that was at the ankle one of
them after you returned returned to get
our be stitched all that's gonna happen
though it's going to get the cone you're
gonna get the cone friend that's what
happens if I he's acting woman he's
gonna get the cone no one likes it alone
dog hate the cone the cone is like the
worst punishment ever we can give it out
this collar nose cones on he look like a
lampshade torn look like a lampshade
people call it Lambie thank you to
helping mom look her bad hurts the first
part so I finally found something to
wear
I literally because I'm trying to do
fashion Fridays on my blog like every
Friday I posed to me outfit of the day
but it's so hard to find like different
outfits at this stage of the pregnancy
just cause like I'm so big now the bump
is huge this is a boob top which is like
a breastfeeding like a nursing top but
it also doubled up as maternity because
their fabrics are really stretchy and
like very long but it's pants that's
like my problem a lot of the time so I
don't fit in a lot of my pants anymore
even my maternity ones which did not
happen last time last time I could fit
into everything I mean I do fit in one
or two pairs but it she's not
comfortable
it's like leggings are just worried that
so I have on some leggings but these
only work if you cover your bum because
if you don't cover your bum it just
looks wrong and it's like cellulite
central so I don't want to put that on
display oh cone of shame the cone of
shame I warned you Alby I told you I
said buccal doggie I'll get the cone of
shame
personal funny-lookin oh oh I'm so
depressed I gotta set herself as well
it's like a creams like cedar cream or
something just to put on the room to
take the itch away Leon Steve and I just
for a couple of days selecting rooms he
licked it open again friend uh-huh
and then it's gonna get more sore Kona
shame Oh jeepers Oh jeepers come on let
it end Letterman Letterman
somebody's excited because excited Ken
she's not answering
ant her okay she's not a drink we may
need Cena you may need to ring the
doorbell I may need you to do that was
like oh and then to everybody else and
Heidi
everybody everywhere
you say what are you saying yeah yeah
yeah why are you so over are you so
hyper huh
so I make dinner for 700 million people
if you get matter chicka me out here
like good and thinking I've actually
cooked a farm an entire farm
do you cook I said I what I'm making
right corner so I have peas this week or
so you know the peas and sweet corn
folks a little PVC punch
what do you like anything Asian veg
Asian veg it is
I don't dare take another bra me and the
broth on there I'll get along so a yarn
iron but I thought you should eat like
spinach roughness like yeah great good
piece it's trying to be is our green veg
but every time I try and I have no
problem with any vegetable ever and
they're all coming
don't be dissin funky guess I just saw
that properly it's just boring when she
got her boyfriend and she look fast in
dinner he was already on air oh and
what's that one friends it should say
friendliest friends
yeah the friendzone it's not no words
oh she sat back down oh you're so cute
this is my secret ingredient into my
corn mash egg and I'd only just sign
that I did just okay all the times I did
it and now I'm sure dying like feasts
feast like kings
seems like feasts there you go friend a
feast of a king YUM
got a good friend can I just wash your
hands first shreds first looks amazing
okay that was pretty tight as a pretty
tasty
Friday meal it needs it needs a little a
little bit of something else hope you
guys enjoyed your day today and the rest
of you we can pull out see you smile
don't worry about it you go say goodbye
Amelia wait bye bye
say pop I send I know friends want this
ever help you sleep hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
Wow
