whoa
say good morning lb good morning so
alvey's getting his meds because he
needs to take half today and then half
tomorrow and it's just medicham but it's
in tablet form so I need to give him
half a cup they're pretty big as well
and I'm giving it to him with Dubliner
vintage cheese he's very posh he has
been a good boy he hasn't been licking
his wounds but I remember last time
he'll got he like chafed his little
thingy because he kept scooting on the
concrete outside like on the patio
because it was itchy and you just kept
doing that so I don't want that to
happen to Albie
but anyways hopefully it won't I don't
think it will I think Theo was a little
bit rougher and that's why that happened
to him so I'm going to cut this in half
and put it in some cheese so what I do
is I mold it into a little ball around
the tablet and then they give it to him
sometimes it works sometimes he is too
smart we'll see if it works good boy
just one more little piece one more
Albie good boy good dog you ate all your
tablets and that's the way to do it if
you have a fussy dog you doesn't like
tablets nah because I've tried so many
other things and it just doesn't work
that's what works the best is if you
roll it into a little ball of cheese
jump up jump up a little higher
she's so funny yourself buddy
my life is over my life is room guys
I have this nipples hey you know we're
bad as the sniffles oh you can't go on
Shizuo cover like a sort road now these
are my end days Wow picture how I feel
okay let's go skadoosh
skadoosh come on screw shirt reckon
ski-doo sure great dad to the sunlights
you know who's lashing rain momentarily
as we can see lashing rain and now it's
sunny hi hi there
let's go let's go tippity-top
tippity-top
chipping each up newbies nuvola nuvola
grazie prego prego Mademoiselle I can't
believe this but I just had to go in the
spare room and get out Amelia's 24-month
box which is crazy but she is moving out
of 12 to 18 because I mean she is 17
months now she's going to be 18 months
in March and she's just growing so it
seems crazy but that right there is a 24
month top and all of her tops and
jumpers and things are just getting way
too small so I moved her up now some
things are huge but then other things
are not so I've moved her into 18 she's
like 18 to 23 sometimes some of them are
called 18 to 23 months and then some are
called 18 to 24 months so that's what
she's wearing right now depending on the
brand but I just can't believe it went
so fast like that's like
age - almost huh oh my goodness oh my
goodness you see he sees the camera on G
just act so so funny
all right let's get this outfit on it's
cute
those pants are still short though
they're still like I think age 18
because she's not she doesn't have long
legs which I'm not surprised about
because I don't mean Jonathan hi Amelia
it's my birthday
yay what's this not bad yeah I thought
before I liked it
oh my god so a few minutes ago well a
little while ago that's gonna media kiss
lucky Jim someone whoever they can t see
it but all official follower Anna start
with blood everywhere like porn
it was insane I was like well yeah cuz I
demand a blood that came out right now I
think that you I was like um I'm not
just go there deserving yeah yeah she
doesn't carry it out she's just she
keeps sucking it outside that was the
first time taste of blood yeah I know
mmm
I got presents all right Oh halos them
score Oh Amy I got a little gingerbread
man oh it's one of those mini ones from
black Kushina you got everything from
their empanada
are amazing yeah you know and then the
tortilla oh yeah and then this cake as
well and they got make is Amelia Judy
but a hive is yeah she forgot all about
your busted lip yeah gingerbread man is
the medicine for things I like to look
they're so delicate
did you drive man
I have a human they're not gingerbread
actually they're like shortbread earth
thank you
I'm nothing man I'm treated that's
pretty cool that when we go to London
you can get a train anywhere we've never
London Spain France to Germany man here
it was open to us movie eating every
weekend ago smiles with a real fine
dying oh my goodness oh oh it did appeal
box right and the order stroller and all
that stuff arrived in and loads under
stuff and then Erica rang me so I can I
get it at home with you but I think she
said us which means there might be one
more person but we put the order ISOFIX
pace and the car seat into the car so we
would get like used to it now broader
than like getting the shock of like oh
my goodness later on so now there's like
no room in the car for anything I'm like
uh-oh SpaghettiOs thing of it wrong way
so it's a Spaghettio situation cars like
jam packed by my side you see ditto
because I think that's part of the notes
the star system star tracking across the
aisle it's casado
by the way BTW cocktail ghost
it's like Costco or am sick off your
face
I've actually crossed that I had
forgotten the name of the coffee shop
that I frequent oh yes
so much stuff I can understand now I
always thought like why would people
when you've only got two kids why would
you get like a 78 or a big long thing
because this is like a coupe a now once
you put the kids in the back it turns
into a coupe a there's like no room for
anything anymore just the kids it's
mental or I need to get one of those
like trucks or something like to drive
around in need some help
I have a feeling yeah I think I know
oh my god I remember them from when Eric
I was small
Oh piggy oh okay why don't you put them
over here though look Amelia
no here putting them here if they go
under that be hard little girl okay yep
there's the wolf Oh Wolfie
first off his tail tail Oh finally got
my star seat thank you guys - perfect
for how long did I want this and I
finally have it this year - and I gotta
put this scare I feel like I'm a
stroller put together a full-timer
look we got some British food spotted
dick putting balls peeling enormous I
get a school gift set and I got mmm and
cigars oh my God look at this cat boys
from Australia
they're crazy I've ever seen Australian
capillaries and this monstrosity of a
rocket road
yum yum Tom Center and then press here
this book looks so cool a couple of
water wipe one or two water wipes huh
with a little gift pack up some of sorts
we also got to add some more clothes for
the June stir Oh Oh Peppa Pig mighty
book okay if you also got some new books
you get new books friend I think a media
would rather a library of books than a
room full of toys
she's such a bookworm she's my daughter
how does that make any sense they're
kind of cool
they're so pretty and carbon gumption
water-wise for life water wipe fellatio
roeser's okay I'm trying we're actually
putting this together maybe I'll put it
together tomorrow
because we're you don't have any room
and that was we actually found we're
actually giving away
are you ever lonely had last year which
is in here the purple one which we never
even use some parts of it and we're
giving that away to a friend of ours
Club out I'm without one behind then we
have the a12 me 20 me
and then for dad's cool if you already
eaten something is your enough frog
thing that came from Australia night
koala night squirrel from Australia me a
can you say Australia Australia can you
say Australia oh yo for finance the
violence lads joint in town timtom oh
yeah and look my charger and my mouse
arrived from the hotel now I have
multiple charges of mice of a house full
of charges and mice I have a house full
of charges and ice I have a house full
of charges a device why are you so
excited about that
hey you're in forbidden areas that's for
biting huh
let me just plop that there what game
what you want to play you want to play
you want you want to play Sleeping Dogs
hmm how about I got the DLC by the way
for the best game ever the last of us by
the way that's the DLC latches I haven't
actually got a chance to play it yet but
Eric is going to be staying with us for
a couple of days so I figure maybe I'll
get the opportunity my brother says
about four hours long but I don't want
to do it in like 10 to 15 minutes lots I
want to I want to do it I want to do it
in the sitting or sit down get immersed
I want to cry um I'm playing up what am
i what I supposed to do it okay okay
okay
you can you can have that even this is
not a book you realize that you want to
what right
yesterday do da do da I'm gonna clean
the house today older than guarde
call your ear some more I'm gonna pull
my ears to take oh oh nice dance moves
oh yeah you got the shovel you got the
shovel at the shoulder shuffle don't
want you in here that small you don't
care yeah I know it are you just moving
it out just like she was going like
that's that's what she's feeling just do
what you feel
did you get older yeah where yeah it is
be free friend be free am I getting a
song goodness I am listing oh no dog
barking I can't make it back attitude
was hanging babies huh
so meter is playing on her train I know
what you did which you must have we
bursted open her lip again like blood
exploded everywhere oh my god level of
my clothes who knows because it doesn't
matter much again
they're top
No I asked crazy
she boss leaves all run in the bath
fucking much kid just had quite the
fight full day I've been hanging out for
about 30 minutes now and my arm is about
to break off once I wake up in a bathtub
hmm monkey cookie cookies does fitzy OH
that's anything-
again again c is for cookie he's good
enough for me C is for cookie it's good
enough for me Liv you got a broken
cookie cookie starts with C my find a
fee on me crazy
they're crazy alright you've cheered up
though yeah
what you got in that so cookie that's
good enough for me again and again
funny though I used to know what starts
with down that door see oh good girl in
me now little feet we do know hands know
you like the purple letter toss a friend
that big fat level I'm saying that
nineteen friends hey bye-bye from the
bath so cute hey guys hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
