you know I said town I was like you know
what let's give it a year you know let's
let's all go over there for one year and
you know see see you know we can make
make bigger strides and make do
something do something awesome and you
know uh is gonna be exciting adventure
you know
good morning except that it's not
morning it's afternoon so we had a
pretty late breakfast this morning
because meeting I woke up last night we
went to bed super late anyways but I
mean I woke up I like for something I
thought and thanks for me because I was
exhausted and I had like such bad
heartburn last night it was crazy I was
like tossing and turning couldn't get
comfortable whatever thankfully Jonathan
went and checked on her well where is my
iPod charger I don't know where it has
gone
it's sitting right here but it's dead as
a doornail I like Tori you to sing along
where where is Joe peas I protect your
Jersey seriously that's not mean to
explain me the iPad this thing we never
use it ever ever use it for nuttin it's
a paperweight just like to PlayStation 4
on time he's throwing me started the
PlayStation 4 um so I figured and media
loves the iPhone so much I was like oh
my god yeah I can't seem to find what
was that what was that doggie doing how
are you doing I can't seem to find a
charger for it though in the holy
morning Nathan Julie but I can't seem to
find it anywhere and of course of course
nothing fits it it's like one of the
it's another charging unit why don't all
Apple products have one charge or one
Universal Apple charger that works on
everything what even fits in there look
at it okay piano yeah okay hold on what
what you're very high-maintenance
you're very high-maintenance jeepers I
raised a pack of wolves
Frankel wolves and a Wally oh my
goodness are you going
hello anybody home I forgot cumaru
having written top can go call Miriam
five your eyes look so small with a yeah
all right what about is an already good
no please don't like the Rubberbandits
did you show Dad your outfit nice stop
all right so oh yeah so we got this card
from you know the girl that Illustrated
my book tarsi la cruz that was like
three years ago
3:04 yeah this before now for yeah four
years ago you're right extremely
talented illustrator and she sent this
card that she made like she designed
herself and I just think I know it's not
Christmas anymore but I just wanted to
display it cuz I I love personally I
love that kind of art I think it's
amazing so I just think it's really cool
so if you need an illustrator or a
graphic
Hsieh graphic designer yeah lucky
graphics yeah
then look up Ursula she makes the cutest
drawings ever now if you excuse me I
have a lot of work to do
I've got vacuuming and so ring and
mopping I was like oh I'm gonna vacuum
and then Jonathan said that he would do
it but I wasn't steam cleaning well I
don't trust you do not what I don't even
trust you do this oh gee
yeah then do it no hold on hold on
gonna look here see your hooray blowing
over together let's go
I'm gonna clean that house to de dooda
dooda I'm gonna clean the house do they
hey it's working either
I'm just doing videos and I'm the music
guys can go fighting after we're you
guys for a while yeah you're probably
take them off now so it's a full car
full car there is where we got four
humans as a can of us thank of us so
we're on our way to the vets because I
was toying with this whether I should
talk more about this tumor that day when
I was out biking and I started to thank
you guys that we're gonna do something
big and it's gonna be life-changing and
all that I've been touring wanted to
talk about her or not because there's
always that little small division of the
international that I have to get us
so I'm we're bringing the dogs to the
vets because they're getting their
passports
you can get a passport behind yeah yeah
hey yeah we never got any pictures you
know it was optional but it just didn't
seem like how are we supposed to get
your pictures done you just take camera
fingers now
well no not entirely like that so when I
get home I think I'll tell you guys
while we're planning I'm doing just
because I wanted me oh you know I just
did them recently with that one two
three years looking back it's made me
realize how amazing it is that we have
these trees to look back on and I want
to be able to look back on this as well
because it's such it's such a huge
milestone in our lives so when we get
home I'll tell you all about it but for
now we're going to the vets there may be
some shots involved don't think they
worry about nothing to worry about you
just tell them you're Bianca Navy
there'd be no problems no come on don't
be just yourselves off lads
you sure okay let's go let's go no can
you put that's dirty
yucky yeah don't touch don't touch
what should I say nope you know excuse
me
no I said no no yucky we were brought
into it offered a different room because
everybody was fine and then a big huge
there's a hundred she's just like and
she was at the station
cuz I'll give a like how cool is this
huh look at this pet passports wherever
we're getting the pictures done at the
moment and then they're gonna have their
little pictures by hope who is that like
each Miriam has a passport now I have
passport passport Amelia's password
junior at the pass correlation much of
it'll put your 10 passports you know it
looks so funny so this is the plan lads
after junior is born we are moving to
greener pasture well I think it's being
near pasture we decided it was time
we've been in Cork for like six years
and you know
for years is it when we came here like
where I moved here anyway it's just to
do multimedia in college didn't realize
all that would happen and then when we
moved back here from the UK times a
different room I don't see some reasons
but now I just feel like the time is
right for us to us to be moving on and
who are taking for a while for a few
months that were thinking about moving
to Dublin and then we went over to the
UK and we met some people and we had
some talk in and we just I just think
this to me decided that we're going to
move to the United Kingdom the Peppa Pig
Island is there which is the main
decision so sometime after jr. is born
and this is the thing like it's such a
big thing we're moving our house we're
moving our dogs removing our children
we're having a baby
in the middle are moving and we're
moving over to London we're gonna be
Londoners mate and it's gonna be really
exciting and you know I said to Anna I
was like you know what let's give it a
year you know let's let's all go over
there for one year
and you know see see you know we can
make make bigger strides and make do
something do something awesome and you
know uh is gonna be exciting adventure
you know do you think they'll be sending
adventure we can go to things breeze you
can go to Martha's we don't anymore even
espresso stores it's gonna be cool it's
just gonna be exciting and I just I
really wanted to let you guys in on what
we're doing because I know a lot of
people nowadays do have to move for work
and do have to move their families
different countries so I was like how
cool would be and even back when we left
formas back in
what's that 2009 does an a baby plan no
I graduate in 2009 oh yeah yeah yeah we
have four men we were driving from
London with all our belong it's nice a
town like you know we should say we
should like you should make videos on
YouTube like documenting our move and we
didn't do it and that would have been
it got contributed but that would be
like the first ever Daisy like the
history of daily vlogging but we didn't
do it in 2010 we did do it but I got to
eat it yeah I know
didn't realize didn't think about it so
am i hope you guys are excited for the
future we are well monix I'm nervous I'm
scared you know we're moving to a
country where we don't really know
everyone
we were crunchy that we don't have any
family there it will just be on her own
but we're actually talking to someone do
today about that and she said that we
know cuz she's moved a few different
countries as well she said that like
it's funny when you've got kids and all
because you have your own unit we have a
family of ten you know we have friends
and dogs and stuff we're also dropping
all the intron warnings getting neutered
it's time it's time Albee snippety-snip
snip we just figure we're just trying to
get everything organizing just so
there's so much to think about there's
so much to do it's just a giant project
but um I think it's gonna be awesome
I don't know leave me comments say
something just say something I mean it's
kind of daddy daddy can I have the bus
get chips please tannoy she wants abouts
gonna just huh just Jamie restaurants
everywhere they're awesome I want one of
those ones
you see me sneaking up on you huh
whoa love this thing
oh look at this thing right gave a damn
bikes right do more expensive of Wyclif
that's a my hands eleven point five
right and he is kg and the weight this
thing look at this the whole stroller
look at that whoa easy as pie
this thing is like so light it's
incredible I don't want material it's
made out of but it's so light but that
at the same time it's so sturdy and mud
caps no more caps
ha well we need to be out in a test
drive friend hmm test drive it just
driving test drive in that's because you
driving what are you doing on the ground
each one ain't wrong with a nice you
drawn with a knife you a knife star hmm
a knife drawer well let's go Amelia
maybe I come here so cute
she usually did a big up the too much he
handed one to me and just you look at it
she's the head on backwards
you sound cute hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
