that's a nice stroller isn't it I think
it's the big wheels in the back you
could use your double stroller and so
cool it-- our double stroller is gonna
be how huge so I know this is huge but
it's not it doesn't seem like a man
underneath
hi everybody hi everyone oh we are
headed to get our stroller and it's not
only just our stroller it's like the
whole system that's a travel system
yeah so it's a double and it's going to
be for junior and to me yeah and it also
changes into a single stroller which I
thought that's what sold me on it was
that you can have yeah because sometimes
with pull no not sometimes all the time
whether you get a side by side or one in
front for double strollers they're
always gonna be bulky I mean I think the
ones that go in front and above or below
one of whatever those ones are usually
less bulky but then it's still big like
you're so pushing to cool well we
actually held in configurators because
you actually got two of them
we got we have another one but do you
remember I always wanted the star thing
I got the star system to that to my car
I'm gonna have the cool stars on junior
be the star system when he's off of me
it was going to Anna
or maybe us together yeah
the blue butt
first we're going to get great and then
I looked I kept looking at the gray and
I was like it's just too boring for it
wasn't was a dark gray so I just felt
like it was very I don't know just
boring for a kid or like for a baby I
wanted something a little bit more
colorful or fun so I chose well we chose
the blue and obviously it's going to be
Amelia's - but I mean her stroller is
maybe
Muhtar felt like one's gonna be pink and
one's gonna be blue but it's really cute
we're setting on how much longer
nowadays media doesn't want to be a
struggle anymore so we very good
it is like we're no new to stroller for
her anymore but you do sometimes like
you needed some air Astro will stop her
down new systems we wanted to bring
another stroller on top of that
can we get the new system oh yeah he's
acting the maggot oh we can strap her in
with jr. oh then she wants to Papa
I thought you said we also had to bring
around with us that's the whole point
King go oh my goodness oh I pick a bunny
stuff flashlight it's absolutely myself
and these two here's because the boot is
now full they really like squished in
there get some lunch you want to come
out you want to come and play oh my
goodness look at this thing
what's it called Sargon franceour you
put all your your like fat talks or
something in his mouth and he eats them
all get your hiss - gather you like your
sword Murphy mm-hmm okay let's put him
back down here cuz knowing food to end
up all over them okay let's get you out
of here medias number got stolen she's
playing with another table number the
girl just took it pretty evil where's my
table number gone okay we'll take this
as well
oh yeah well bit we'll make it all
we'll make a table friends no no no no
no no you're ruining my process
wrong important after dinner one rounds
where are we going you laughs Acosta
yes thankfully does the door you ready
to put this together French talking
that's the rain part or something okay
get to work this one which one you want
you want that way you want that way
what's in the boxes what's in the boxes
oh okay we need to get some item used to
cut this open and let's build this thing
you see this what we're saying look Jane
but because it's got the thing it's like
honey it's a funny one and look two two
one two one two one it's so cool tuned
oh god oh god it's getting treats sit
treat I'm beginning for the sandwich Hey
oh boy female 1 so sick good ground you
mean sick sit good girl Tina get some
don't you go first huh sit I love the
Navy oh that's Amelia's one that's
Amelia's one who she keeps doing that
huh this is James I think oh it's it oh
yeah for underneath this must be a whole
new thing to learn now oh yeah thank you
know me that can maybe a house a
playhouse walk under her boat oh the
excitement was ease yeah I just hope the
doggies don't even smell feather in it
whoa fate well of course it's true look
at the wheels I can't sing
it feels like I'm trying to copy you
look this thing is huge
Oh black alloys nice you should've got
red calipers put in here can you look so
big like allies and myself
like of course it's big because it's for
two but I just didn't expect it to be so
large and in charge isn't for junior J
yeah doesn't have it EF formularies no
no I think it's J for honey or whatever
it's called car scene baby's car seat
that's so cute oh my god I can't believe
they're so small no how's it gonna fit
in there has a little baby elephant I
really like the blue I have to say I'm
really happy with our decision is that
for the baby me Nia is a baby going in
there
Oh wake your senses
sweetie scream a lot
can you fix it up you want to go media -
look how we know yeah no editing old
junior who's like junior your car seat
here so whatever you're ready seats we
can take them home yeah we're ready
ready for the baby
oh good girl you want to put I'll be in
there and push him around
oh I'll be on the you know to rule you
know the rules
Nevaeh you don't know the rules hearing
into the new thing Kenneth let's spring
I'll be Amelia for sure he wants to do
it
push
good girl do you love it is it
comfortable my strap you in can you lift
that up no I'm sure to care
oh wait I'd figure out when she's not in
it he's my friend me Hana don't look how
I open it she loves it even a car seat
like oh my goodness it's so soft you
have a material mm-hmm so it's like
suede or cotton or something cotton
suede we're gonna think one here like
this
she loves that like okay high up she is
because I just popped her in she's like
uh yes please mm-hmm look is you got you
got 22 inch low-profile black hours in
the front Hey oh you want to have a
snooze come push our bed Michael she ran
well whoo
that's a nice stroller isn't it I think
it's the big wheels in the back yeah and
I forgot figured out what to get her
ahead of her yeah get you a double
stroller and so cool ITAR double
stroller is gonna be I know huge so I
know this is huge but it's not it
doesn't seem like a man underneath hey
put dolly under there okay look I just
put the eyes of fake space in oh my god
there's no room but look at this one
here like that's so cool
diem the one we had last time didn't
actually have like this little safety
thing in it this looks way more secure
anyway let's pop this part in oh nice to
practice um Oh
yes that's really neat look honey that
goes in I think I've done something
wrong but that's pretty snug oh my
goodness X seriously there's no more
room in the car okay let me feel her
home with this person we hate when a
really good song comes on just as you're
glad to get out of the car like that's
not fair I'm gonna sit here what's gonna
sit here this one love this song I like
like just a pull-up
it's not fair unfair pause the media
loves this she knows all the things the
United years she was all like she does
the ears to smile the clapping hands
there's big smile if you're happy and
you know it make a smile where's the
smile that's ears always there so media
has a new fun game we'd like to see our
media's new fun game now it's very
important you need a plasma screen now
show us your new game wow that's amazing
any gonna catch the mouse is that like
drawing on the plasma screen your guard
oh my goodness uh-oh who needs a toy are
you gonna get the previously let's go
we'll go yes
this by the way is an amazing show if
you do not watch it all right now I need
you to answer me truthfully and honestly
did you eat a chocolate cookie
did you eat a chocolate cookie did you
did you yes or no okay so no and so no
cheese Matthew here come here come here
hey come here to me give it to me you
once up your pants are all your things
on buttons you chuck it over your face
finally people think much of the city
are the people say hmm alright the sign
for the back didn't record and may have
made a small mistake I mean yeah oops
folks this oh yeah look these are the
ones were using here look the ELab
junior body watch clinic moves be kind
of multi try sensitive skin and so free
free someone said in the comments that
the substrate is the thing that actually
irritates your skin so I'm I definitely
are not feeling any irritation but isn't
one and then we're using this is an oil
because we are using the baby up we're
never using this stuff bloom and blossom
mother and baby oil it's pretty close so
uh Olivia
keep waiting for me who do you want to
do you want to get up everybody get up
singing one two three four
everybody get down five four F four it's
got the power to rock you blow with your
mind cuz you gotta get into five watch
what for if you want a treat three two
two water that's excited for junior yeah
I saw some gamma serious is linking to
the college I am NOT hoping for a
premature baby okay I'm just excited for
my baby to come jeepers I'm just excited
for my son to come and I hope he's
healthy and he can stay in there as long
as he needs to but obviously I'm excited
cuz we're down like we're not like in a
twenty we're 35 weeks pregnant you know
I mean it's any time so we're just
product excited Ron is excited Oh
jeepers Oh shivers shivers ooh and she
purrs rub a bum from a bump of them hey
can we bump in slept well guess oh oh
I'm new at this
okay pick one book the on the
destruction going on here it's just
dad's involved for five minutes
Oh peekaboo
papa peekaboo okay one more another one
pick another one froggy has a doggy
loves to run and chase where's that
speedy dog can you guess her hiding
place huh peekaboo there's speed dog oh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be ah
