hi jr. are you doing there
you know get em hi jr. you can't tell
cuz the two of you are so rowdy but he's
moving around again hi jr. here's Ken
good morning and welcome to that is
howdy ma'am
so kinda left my macbook charger in the
hotel room huh flood and the mess not
too worried about the mess I love had a
mess for like four years
boy damn call the hotel they're like
cool O's they're gonna shape it up to me
stay Sunday probably won't get it till
tomorrow I have I managed to edit the
video last night really quickly how and
then I got to had to 20 minutes after
the battery and now I have to render the
video I'm like oh so I'm trying to call
coffee be we do we don't have an Apple
store here in Cork so I called coffee be
they don't open till 12:00 it's like
half 9:00 I carve enormous they don't
open see that's the problem with Apple
they don't sell them everywhere they
only sell them in silly Apple stores
there's no Apple stores in Ireland and
Anna's MacBook of course is a non retina
which means it is a different charger of
course so now we don't have
interchangeable charges I just all like
all I need to do is parallel my MacBook
there should be a place we can go you
just borrow someone's I've dropped her
for like 20 minutes just to render the
video and upload it and that's fine I
can live without it until then
I don't know anyone have the stupid
retina one ah see with Joey buying
reckless racing me yeah where's the
media and media what where are you thank
you thank you you see in here Picabo
just figured this epic you gonna go back
in Picabo you're so cute you smell like
pee pees though I think we need to
change your nappy you going back in okay
are you having fun in mommy's closet
it's okay folks there shall be a video I
actually felt my phone chargers long
actually should be a video today 85 watt
back to 90 euros I don't I learned a
valuable mistake today
don't forget your charger this thing's
alright three meters though that's
pretty cool that was like 20 years but
I'm 90 euros oh my god at least I have
two of them now I suppose that's great
if ever to lose one again but it's okay
Oh mom's having a baby feel like I'm
gonna baby that's crazy
no would not teach you pack your bags
which we did what we did pack our bags
WH darlin then we unpacked our bags
remember you should repack a bag yeah
she said just my labor
but tonight like if you do go into labor
sure I can just grab a bike the next day
like you know you're not going anywhere
far like you know I know we actually
were talking today a girl that my dogs
so she's on call she's like don't make a
treat in the morning go hopefully but
don't call me yeah yeah yeah that almost
happen when someone almost had a baby so
she's alcohol she said she'd even come
here and practice dogs it's an emergency
situation we need to start at Amelia
kind of have a provisional plan we have
planned for you friend there's so much
you have to plan put down pressure
city's gonna know what yeah it's just so
much more difficult 17 children and
you're pregnant on the 18th kid I
suppose by then Amelia is gonna be 17 so
just like the cycle sort of takes care
of itself
yeah after about 16 or 17 kids it sort
of it starts to sort of work itself out
you know you're looking after the
restive that's the plan friend kinda
with the dogs you know kiddo Castries
children now we came to look at the bird
poop on my window oh there's one there
and then there's one on mice like on
that side as well for so long we have
goodness glioma is it still exciting
yeah you're looking another baby to baby
there's so much pressure down there and
they keep getting like both lightning
yeah you don't know what that means if
you were pregnant before and you
experienced it if not you'll be like
what are you talking about
good girl she rang the doorbell
not really polenta PBS click - Roxton
polenta Jonathan because you have
polenta rice peas your favorite
are you gonna make something we have
something so Anna's gone off with her
daughter to her mother's house have a
nice tasty lunch
I feel abandoned it's okay Howard
essentia I gotta fix the bag of food but
I actually got some supplies to make up
some tasty toasted just tasty toast -
just cuz on Sundays you to go subway but
I decided I've tasted close to just
situations and now I'm going to listen
to the song because I like it yeah
I'm distraught Erica into town because
my mom is just about to have her lunch
when she neither they're lifting and I'm
still at that's I feel like I'm still at
that stage you know when you just passed
your driving test or you just start
driving and you just want to drive like
all the time I'm like totally at that
stage where I'm like well I'll drop you
in it's cool Oh doggy friends we're glad
to get you know marques buchelli to the
big believes in blue bill please blue
yeah the ladies in the red red fear no
Coleen Coleen yolk like an Italian go
cuts the last square dinner right is
what we hooked up wait I got some I got
some chicken I got some tasty bread and
Ana and Emilia later on my Santosh you
so I have Sam up but that's my juicy
quench drench like that oh I got some
mortar wipes I couldn't find the water
wipes one so I just got the Johnson for
their DX sensor fragrance-free
it's a little bit auntie Johnson at the
moment because of the rash oh yeah so I
started using order stuff look rash-free
rash-free life lads so we start using
them in the vlog and I film it by camera
an example something to get the chop
and then we got it you know after
something like that one of those you
guys gave us tons of suggestions so we
bought one it was like everything free
natural or something like that it's kind
of it has it's like it's great because
um clearly it has no effect I mean
Amelia are little rashes have gone away
but it's not fun it doesn't smell fun
and it doesn't go off frothy in the back
so we defined like a bubble but a frothy
bubble box all-natural one but I don't
know that's even possible I don't even
know if that's a possibility
does anybody know or
what if one thank you you going we're
home now but this is not a very good
situation that it's totally my fault
because we were out all day and she
didn't get a nap and meeting I mean so
it's like 8 o'clock almost 8 o'clock now
and many has bedtimes usually at 9:00
dinners in the oven
and she fell asleep in the car and then
when Jonathan brought her in she didn't
white girl now this is this happened
another time before and it was such a
disaster because she woke up shouldn't
want any dinner at all she was like just
so angry because she had been woken up
and then I mean there's no point in just
putting her down in her bed right now
because she hasn't eaten anything so
then she was a nightmare when we tried
to put her down to sleep so don't make
stupid mistakes like me I just it's
because I haven't seen my mom in a few
days and she was having so much fun as
well and I just I shouldn't gone home
right here but I didn't I'm stupid what
do you do it it's way past your bedtime
are you doing the show
alright go behind the curtains you gonna
say goodnight to your friends cuz it's
way past your bedtime oh it's not really
push we're just being overdramatic
mommy's trying on my clothes - what's
that one oh no I have but that goes in
the new plan
yeah yeah yeah we keep that to keep us I
haven't worn dozens as much do you
imagine if you had the baby tonight we
shouldn't buy some newborn nappies just
in case I have everything out sorted we
have declare seats and so forth o our
new stroller system thing arrived to the
pol box so I think we're gonna pick it
up tomorrow you guys well it's wrong
season
unless of course somehow are in the
heatwave that would be epic
alright friends let's go let's go come
here hi jr. I doing there Hey look if
jr. gets my junior kiss kiss
I dunno you can't tell because the two
of you are so rowdy but he's moving
around a good idea
here's Kent thank you that miss just
like I seems like a wild machine right
now
I know don't lean on them
I feel like crap hi bud just like
Crump's rocks and Hicks the baby's head
is between my life purpose oh no I mean
you guys trying to get back in
oh sorry experience right but yeah and I
just keep thinking like I found this for
another month very boisterous and four
little do now she's actually I do
come on oh not not open what I give you
an induction I know it's too early
thirty five weeks I think leaning on my
boobs
or the baby
exactly hi hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
ah
