is just the cutest thing you've ever
seen huh look at you two huh
side by side are you on a hot date a
little bit crabby yeah like whiny
Jennifer's geez
good morning everybody we are oh my god
are you okay she just run and like
slipped are you alright
I can't really bend over oh my goodness
they're they're like an old person we're
still in our hotel room we're just
checking out and I've got all our
laundry that's the worst thing about
traveling is that when you come home you
always have all this laundry and media's
doing a great job cleaning up kind clean
up you were doing so well you slept
she's putting all the perfume samples
back in the bag it's really hard work
um look at her doll as well isn't she's
so cute she's got her winter attire on
because we decided to go with the winter
is that for now because well it is kind
of winter still and it's really cold
here so I didn't want to get her like a
spring dress or something and then have
a media and like jumpers and like that I
wanted them to be the same okay and then
last night she had her little dressing
gown and her fuzzy slippers on so I'm
trying to condense everything as much as
possible because we did a lot of
shopping again which I promised myself
you wouldn't do but Jonathan and jr. got
the most
where everything home yeah you were
gonna carry the doll I don't think she's
gonna fit XANA dolly talks and you guys
go to the shop and don't Drumright see
that that's the girl that works there
it's crazy the girl that works there
looks exactly like the doll I don't
actually I write I write the end in my
little notebook and then I open my
notebook used to say on camera to steal
from Anna well yeah and actually set it
to girl in the shop what's in it we have
to wait like it always model to offer
her something she looks identical the
nose the mouth the teats there
everything everything and I was just
blue eyes which then I wonder does she
have a change of clothes then I was kind
of half expecting her to say like well
actually my family owns their company
it's so funny yes yeah yeah yeah it's so
cool
so anyway go through that shop in
Drumright and check it out and just go
off he's a big dog huh you slippers on
cleanup mess up okay there's what
happened here - maybe to some sort of a
strike action a union dispute de de come
on let's go okay put my slippers on put
my slippers on come on it's a break oh
fast Oh Michael fast oh come on oh boy
pick one with one good choice know that
buddy Matt it changes like the night
after night yeah the probably no kid
sends it where you going Oh what so I
got the phone iris again look at me
pancakes
kids need of panties look at this thing
I'm what sake I think right hang in
creme brulee I think see this year two
of my birthday rounds and I'm packing
cheese they don't know what and then
we're trying to figure out what was even
Franco this look like ice cream or creme
fraiche or something I give it a jam
maybe or just leave her there
yeah and I got the par i what
Mina's having an implant recording
session you just come over are you
coloring just made it well I think I'll
start coloring yeah yeah yeah yeah the
Italian way cuz you're Italian
alright we're pretty much all packed up
now we're just almost what's going on
you weighing yourself Oh jeepers so
we're just waiting for get the friends
coming over to play with Amelia more
friends more friends for you and then
we're gonna head on home see what is it
ducky frenzy you said you see donkey
friends with you deep down people isn't
in there that's the baby miss Dolly was
Dolly was she's done what I actually saw
that I thought it was like part of the
thing or something
now as I going on it's a fancy box I
mean you know where's dolly where's
dolly well it's like it's just reading
comments from yesterday's vlog and I
think we misrepresented Dublin Zoo
because it was lashing rain when we put
it there and it's really cold we only
showed like the monkeys and stuff inside
like the glass boxes and the cages or
whatever but they actually have like
eight rows of land you know - can they
have Islands and trees and stuff which
we could see but we didn't show them
because it was so cold and I'm sorry I
just saw so many common saying this poor
monkeys locked inside it's like they
weren't they weren't it was because it
was raining and cold that's the only
reason I can only show like a few
animals because I'm just like it was
just unlucky with the weather but don't
Dublin Zoo is really
governance and it's good like even Cork
Wildlife Park the animals in Dublin Zoo
have more space than clogged Wildlife
Park yeah but most of all the lines and
tigers yeah yeah because it was most of
our like hibernating or blunder more
nocturnal and it's so cold like I just
read the comments was like no no no no
don't don't this representative the gas
pot thing we were looking at was an
island with here trees and stuff where
that yeah cuz it's so cold so it turns
out they actually have a baby swamp
thing so we're gonna pass this over to
this little fella right you want to come
live with me
get your baby put it okay he has gone
pretty quickly
yeah he had a shreddies oh my god seemed
totally that's a stroller in the car so
if you carry me there they have the
stroller if you got that solar blue many
friends don't feel like we would like
the M&S cafe get the fuller for longer
just ended just ended 20 is this just
the cutest thing you've ever seen
huh Ricky do you feel huh side by side
are you on a hot date a little bit
grabby yeah like whiny dinner first geez
what are you guys gonna share nothing
it's so cute
she's trying to get all right friends
time to go home
we have to pick up car friends luggage
friends dolly I never all home that was
so cute though the two it'll even Emilia
like she was like holding on to the
stroller
I know no no not our shall I pick the
starter he's like holding 90 walking
there's a cute dog okay let's go let's
go friend this way we're not gonna be
home till tomorrow yeah good couch is
Meucci dolly Oh dolly on your backpack
Oh
mm-hmm we're just waiting for mommy okay
I got baby you know baby well you can't
have them all no baby BBM scarf baby
scarf and dolly we're good to go
oh yeah this is really cool thing to
have here we were able to plug in the
HDMI we have to plug in the MacBook into
the screen here and that's pretty cool
that's a cool I've never seen in hotels
before that that is really cool yeah
let's try we're good to go
all right so it just needs people you
get to course there's a bit of sun is
shining ish kind of like either bit of a
sunshine there we're on our way home to
Cork or
record the CD donkey friends camellia
pastures pastures calm which is great
because hopefully this will be her nap
there all the way home later but just
after lunch yeah like like you to play
dates today
she did she did almost tree no - I'm
confused
there's me know how I was issue it media
had a pretty good interactive few days
there who's those the kids millions
again see she had a good I think she had
a good dad's birthday yeah in the zoo
for the most important parts of her Oh
trick his snacks and supplies don't mind
her
don't listen to her I don't know what
she said I don't know what she's saying
to you what she said you don't mind my
foot stuff my ones fluffy we're home
well
Dali's can't get the dogs till 8 o'clock
mm-hmm so guys very very important right
I need everyone to be on their best
behavior
nobody there's to tell Keo what we're
doing right now wouldn't even here don't
be telling tio all right no you promised
me lots or behind y'all they find out
that we went here without them you're
cute
amia where are we this McDonald's no
it's not it's Mikey Mike fetch its Mac
dogs Dodoma Todd dogs gods can I get a
chicken dog dog chicken my chicken my
god are you sure what's going on here
this is like we're in some sort of
imaginary traffic so I leave comments
what you'd like your very dark and I
will send Bianca over later just like
whispering it though oh my goodness
think it is moon it is yeah full moon
but look at it I can't get some zooming
on it then we've done the movie doing in
the moon it
Oh your screen has turned you back oh
it's gonna wait what's moving honor
that's a compliment
all right the car lights huh Rock
collector doggies excited for doggy
friends Amelia yeah yeah
Dido it's not hot it's oh they don't
they don't beat those II don't have been
heroes
No yo they do
who's home who's home
oh my goodness I forgot how many dogs he
had oh jeez oh no you have it you have a
dog problem Bianca oh my goodness did
you did you miss us
No ah you did two walks a day oh my
goodness this cope with America me
American you say goodbye to your friends
say bye my friends yeah evander be
tuning in tomorrow cut their beetle
insolence
I hope yank it was away from your life
right away when I bet Jenkins back
bitches hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
