yeah so I came to I enlisted the help of
my mom oh oh
just because I'm eight months pregnant
and getting Amelia in and out of the car
and stuff like that in the pouring rain
and storm we weather and with the
stroller and all that I just I actually
had no problem going on my own but I'm
getting Jonathan's birthday present by
the way and I know tons of people are
gonna be like you left it till the last
minute but a lot but I actually haven't
had a minute to spare to get it all so I
couldn't vlog it because he would see it
so this way he won't see it till his
birthday so that's cool
we actually almost got blown away are
you okay
she's so confused it's like oh my god
okay I'm actually sitting here listening
to a wind oh my goodness it is insane
like she gots to chill me behind you
you're not like the whole house is
shaking across the way from us and there
was a very extending the road or
something like they don't put there that
we're storing on the fences they all
just blew over
I don't like lead fences what oh my
goodness we're definitely taking the
Oddie
no but dependent under Quattro it takes
about two and a half hours three hours
maybe to get all the way in or stay in
Westbury again so it's gonna take about
three hours probably to get all the way
into Grafton Street from here so that is
like the ideal time for me to to sleep
that way when she wakes up in Dublin
it's not like you know if we put it on
for nap here and then we then drive
there that means she's getting double
naps it means it'll be a nightmare
together asleep tonight so we figure we
travel during that time that's the key
folks that's the key and that was your
hopefully that's the plan okay so Amelia
has grown up again you're okay
she loves Thai food Mormon herbo do away
like as soon as I lift her out of a car
her both just like disappeared and I I
look for it and I can't claim that I
think it's gone what I'm glad that none
of us blew away this is why I helped I
couldn't even get her stroller right
there was no point let's go this week go
with her again
go there again oh no oh no powers gone
powers down folks
the whole house has gone crazy I mean
the bins blew over or something as well
oh my goodness we just
- here
we got drenched
immediate shelter
they're gonna get some luggage
this is what happens when the power goes
off this is what happens you know all
those beepings makes the dogs go mental
they get all funny we're all hiding in
the hair lads
what are we all hiding under here huh
are we all hiding under here
hmm what's going on we were especially
seen it seen this the worst you always
getting so nervous when you hear the
beeping x' do you guys remember that
from years ago when the smoke around was
broken ones I think you might've run
away like he's gonna Claire's house you
go to Lucy Claire huh you gonna have an
adventure with Claire yeah kind of woke
them up a little bit
oh my god you guys feel or feel you guys
hear that wind huh so I came back to the
car
cuz there's harvey norman kostas over
there and we parked here and that's why
we almost got blown away on her on the
way back or on the way to cost um so I'm
actually just gonna drive up and pick
him up because there's no point in
bringing Amelia all the way like I
thought I was gonna drop her I mean it
was I wouldn't have obviously but it was
crazy
Oh
you sign you you write something for
daddy
ya heart
hey good girl oh my goodness look at
this
holy crap this just happened a second
ago oh my goodness this is so crazy it's
okay it's okay car cars like what you
driving up the road
oh my journeys seriously that whole road
is there filled with like trees and
stuff oh my goodness mental weather here
today folks
oh my goodness unnecessary travel across
cork this weather has had a huge
negative attack on the city's transport
network but the airport is closed rail
services are sir oh my god and many
roads and cars are impossible due to
fallen trees what I just saw in a minute
ago I just saw what a minute ago oh my
goodness
Oh jeepers dogs have been dropped off
down the road that I came from it's
completely closed because the trees
crashed down I am up the mountain
somewhere trying to get back to Anna oh
wait goodness the motorway between Clark
and Dublin is now closed the m8 so it
means that we're gonna have to go like
Charlie or the old way
now maybe like that happened this
morning so hopefully it's reopened
itself and it seems to be a lot of
camera now but all the destruction that
it's left like I'm driving up the
mountains look it is oh my god that is
so dangerous
oh Jesus go go go
Oh Agis oh my goodness
seriously like
Danger Danger Will Robinson I gotta go
wash hose it oh my goodness guys I think
I'm spending my birthday in this car
sorry friends the Internet's come on
come on baby first come on baby first
you can do it oh my goodness happy happy
birthday
doesn't my birthday in a car like it's
five seven and we got to catch all seven
like oh my goodness oh my god
susie-wusie cute about 700 people for
McDonald's like it's insane everything
that we just we just abandon all hope
and there's this little spot over there
but they like nothing that so we're
looking at this kind of stuff here
oh my god I'm gonna have to park like
it's like they walk from death just like
the pilot episode of The Walking Dead
and that's how it's really not see we're
from the will got room service and we
get to know a cowboy I mean they need
something for me
what I got the subway are that subway
just before that
for you jr. get something look at these
kids here
yum yum
you want to say they thought that oh my
God we're never getting tell them but or
and then grab a basket grab that basket
of remedies there we'll be on our way
we made it we made it we beat the storms
oh my goodness that was one hell of a
drive lights took us how many like 700
hours to get here 700 centuries
okay that's part of our crew up here so
that they did for Jonathan yeah happy
birthday and some cookies for media and
some juice someone survived you know
what's amazing
that's the best thing right this for me
so our room is different than the last
time she doesn't know if she's a powder
yeah so I'll give you guys a quick tour
cuz I'm the best one that the tour so
this very much right sorry coming desk
big couch I'm chair TV welcome to the
wave of a ton cool bathroom and then
this is the bedroom so that's cool
because we can put her to bed and like
actually close the door
Jonathan Emilia I got a present is that
for you hello
was he in your bed no I don't know about
our view yet because it's nighttime
curtain ends or begins I think still no
show you guys - oh here we are you
I don't even know what street is so I'm
going to pretend oh yeah yeah what to
entrant are the yeah that's a the cars
oh no you might say good well Grafton
she's right there you can see onto
Grafton Street cool is cool yeah so I
can't wait to eat all the old food I was
gonna jump onto the bed but this please
not disturb mm-hmm baby's asleep
maybe you should actually get that for
at home you know what I get giving out
if I sit on the back don't ever sit on
aniseh Kony's bed no just after I make a
wrong way did you crease it up all her
little toys away
I brought her backpack this time oh
you've got your teddy
oh he's so cute I know you love him are
you gonna edit the vlog now channel why
what what's that what's that oh my
goodness you're too cute Ben you're too
cute
alright let's order some food in the
city I'm gonna sit here and I'm gonna be
gorgeous myself on everything that's
available for me to have hope you guys
had an awesome day hope you did not have
the weather that we had no see you guys
tomorrow
say Happy Birthday jokey jokes I'm gonna
be a year older tomorrow how do you feel
about that
dad dad can you say happy birthday dad
happy birthday Mia no I'll take that
I'll take
you there you guys hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
