we're at the dog groomers and the
doctors is all Riga guys calm down
so they've all gone crazy because they
know we've stopped so I'm gonna bring
them in but I want to show you guys cuz
they rebound the whole place hey I'm
just showing the outside the new yeah
and this is what the inside looks like
it's a completely different so Amelia I
can almost say juniors name not Junior
his actual name I know I like to say
that Twitter itself I know I am his name
is not Junior I'm calling him junior but
he has an actual official name was a
couple of names actually
but I'm Amelia can say his first name
she almost said it so I was saying I was
like more like you know one of these
days she's actually gonna say it in a
blog you know and I wonder what she said
before junior comes uh-huh or before we
actually officially tell you guys what
his name is
would that be funny you know if I missed
it and editing it she's in the
background just going like thank God for
that
so there was a three of us there to get
the doggies in because I would not have
been able to do that by myself oh my
goodness so now I'm trying to figure out
what the best way to get this
I feel like music sounds about the word
you know did not stick smart women
Coleman snowed struck but it didn't it's
known in the Sun came out
so snow and Sun every other day we had
snow and rain so I think snow and Sun /
Sun rain any day I decided I should get
an old friend look how long I've been
leaving the thing in the middle I'm
ready to slippery slope I'm gonna I'm
gonna continue on the slippery slope I'm
gonna see where it leads me I like
having a kind of hair appeared to flew
yeah so many people subscribe to this
channel now and didn't even know about a
flu TV this challenge we caught a few TV
back when I was QP okay okay more but I
have to get things done in my life what
do you want I join each one this is a
very uncomfortable angle for me what do
you want mmm-hmm
where's anemia can you find Amelia the
picture no you want me to drama there's
nobody else in her family that Sini's
Alby yeah baby yeah mutt doggies where's
mommy where's mommy do you know which
one mommy is you know which one mommy is
or daddy
do you remember daddy where's daddy
that's a piece of garbage Jennifer I
need to be doing this I am never gonna
get anything she is just in one of those
moods
we get dressed
even though I have tons of chores to do
that Genevieve done ages ago but then I
got stuck you know when you get stuck I
just got stuck reading comments and
messages and emails and just on my
laptop wasting time you can't get up
right now mom's busy if you are looking
for new dishwasher tablets talk about
what these finish power balls that we
got them like for the first time and we
usually get the fairy liquid one
okay that's dangerous nice thank you
we usually get the fairy liquid ones and
they're so much better because the
finish ones look it's in there you can
see it the remains of the tablet
it never does like a full proper wash so
I don't recommend them white dogs oh my
god yes Bianca yo yo I just have to show
you guys this because this is how you
know that you've gotten fat look at my
pajama pants okay that is the bum right
there they completely ripped I don't
even know why I washed these because
they came I'm just put like folding
laundry but look at that rip that's
right by the bum all the way so I need
to throw these out obviously
there were like a million years old
though these are from done the storage
and that I think I got these when I was
like still in school they are that's how
long I keep things for him the
babysitter's have our eyes we're gonna
see jr. haven't seen jr. in ages well
don't try to get some clutter job yeah
she did
he's having their laws and gave up so
that's gonna be fun tonight we have a
4:00 a.m. but tonight no naps no oh it's
the o-over napping yeah that'll be
tomorrow you're gonna have fun I don't
even notice that we're going come on I
know you gotta go goodbye complain see
you later guys oh yeah okay you guys
wanted to see jr. in a while
and they
and the handle so like developed
it's more exciting isn't it like all
developed so I'm a little bit confused
and it's my fault because I should have
said something but I just got I got
confused so when we were in there the
Midwife was like so you're what 30 like
I get confused anyway but the weeks
because now that I'm 33 weeks it's like
you're in your 34th week but no she just
said like so you're what 34 weeks and I
just said yes was that tanking but I'm
not in 33 weeks then you onion and saw
the doc the OB and he was like okay so
you're 34 weeks all right and then he
pulled me open this thing and I should
at that point set up but I just didn't I
just didn't cuz I was like in my head I
was like ya know and then maybe I'm
wrong maybe no maybe they're going by
the week that you're a nurse and like I
don't know but actually they're not
because they never have done that so
anyway so then he went on to do the scan
and he was like he did the measurements
he's like what should you say it you
were again
and I was like Terry dude he's like 24
weeks so it's like yeah I think at that
point I should have said again no I'm
not she's pretty three weeks he is like
oh yeah he's measuring buying on 34
weeks that would mean like he's
measuring week ahead but because they
didn't say anything and then he was like
he even stopped berserk he's like oh
what's your duty again and I said the
31st and he was like okay but he didn't
like calculate or anything he just took
my work I mean it is that date but I
think if I were 34 weeks then that would
make me a week ahead which I was
originally do you guys remember like
when I first did the pregnancy vlogs
like in the beginning my due date was
the 24th of March and now and then it
went back like at the very beginning he
was like any time you know what use so
super tiny it went back to the 31st but
now
I mean I should have said it but I was
just so like confused and I was like no
maybe I'll feel like I'm sound like an
idiot if I say but now I know means our
next appointment it was 36 36 but I'm
will be 35 so what all my father shoulda
said something
so he's measuring is yeah but it's
exactly what he's mentioned because he
exact measure D down up optimal to baby
oh yeah and you said he was like he's
not mentioned cuz he was like are you
you feel like your bacon I was like yeah
I'm calling me five when I was like yeah
I've always thought that since the
beginning he's like yeah we'll check it
and then he was like oh no he's
measuring bang on 24 but I should have
been that point said actually I'm 33
weeks
such that yeah but so I'm really
confused
we could be having the baby next week
you know go back in two weeks it's fine
the righteous attorney six next week
which means the appointment after day
like the week later your term yeah if
you're 34 in three weeks year term I
know
oh god we need to get to go back ready
yeah and then I asked to me I'm asked
her as like when should I get my
possible by ready I'm really bad
heartburn again
Oh as she was like oh no like okay
hello everyone oh no put on the couch
look at that little ones in there you uh
you wanna watch something on TV where's
I'll be I'll be see you here
see nice see knees knees
where's I'll be coffee okay
looks if you've gotten a little bit
growling hmm
you don't grow like that little boy
little big boy they're very American
with their red and blue red white and
blue to either fast asleep
I was watching her she was like dripping
off oh that's what happens when you have
no naps friend I better wear / up some
dinner because she needs to go sleeps in
which is crashing like what she can put
her to sleep in empty Toby hurry I'll
have one of those for am games I don't
want to play the for game game folks
watching the old so I decided to go with
the PC corn and chicken and I'm gonna
turn it into with the magic of
imagination I'm gonna turn into a
gentleman I think we're gonna have to
change our shampoo or something yeah
yeah yeah cuz me and Amelia and what I'm
getting a sort of a an outbreak an
outbreak have something on my hands a
reaction I think it mean it might be
getting it as well so we're gonna change
what I'm fighting like maybe in organic
one or not okay I feel like naked
natural the natural one free from
everything or something it's maybe it's
really irritating puts got me from one
yeah but now of a sudden he's getting in
as well
she might have my stupid sensitive skin
Amelia this is your last night in your
bed for a couple of days huh
last night for a few days I went on an
adventure tomorrow where are we home
first I'm a senior from lil up all right
we'll say night-night friends right good
bye my friends bye bye friends tomorrow
bye Wow hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
