take a yeah monkey I don't know but I'm
a monkey are you a monkey oh I'm gonna
get up in the bed oh no you are you want
to get in the bed
you hear this bit yesterday which is
great thing he speaks party gonna be up
all night she was up all night I
predicted the future media went to bed
at normal time right woke up at about
4:00 a.m. bright as a button and that
was that was it it was it bruised no see
we tried our hardest to get her to go to
sleep we tried all the techniques
nothing is happening she's up since 4:00
I just energy there and I have myself
saying it I was like Joffe hope you
listen to me listen to me listen to me
oh my goodness could you imagine we had
the junior as well and then he oh my
goodness so hopefully she'll take a nap
and then we'll try not to or will try
and power to it I'm already sure I'm not
sure of anything right now I'm
questioning and questioning everything
good morning welcome to blocks sometimes
when watching the television just isn't
enough oh I missed it yeah again a
little parkour parkour standing on the
train
watching TV she climbed herself up whoa
oh yeah I think somebody's eating this
or something it's a I blew up a cup the
other day and I just deflated you've got
a lot of energy for someone that's been
up since 4 o'clock in the morning okay
so we Tru out Amelia's um couch and I
was deflating it there and she's
watching me and she's like anyway and
then it should have been and she start
crying
we were like oh oh so we opened this to
distract her yeah you got a shoulder
before there were two uh she was too
small yeah yeah Onis you just pick it up
where's this baby this baby I need to
put on the hubcaps of their calls really
yeah
what I wanna go outside don't cause the
ruckus I'm causing ruckus person what
things are little happening I don't
water sticking them burn all right you
want to be that kind of person forever
now we're having to use the toasting
machine yet today's operation operation
tracksuit lazy pants day we're gonna
crack on to this thing test today see if
it's gonna change our lives for the
better you excited you excited Melia mmm
poor Ali oh boy is it a girl or a boy
amelia is it junior this is are you
gonna do it junior you're gonna push you
in your room oh oh oh there we go
I fixed it for you Oh panic no just get
her hey no this is where I get we're
training here so she can look after
Junior
okay let me show you how to change a
nappy whoa she's got the hang of it now
well you're gonna take her out uh-oh
uh-oh up again you take right this way
look take it like this like this like
this there there's your baby mama you
wanna no oh no okay gonna put
somebody else in there who else do you
want to put in there look
you could put Minnie Mouse you huh
take my name is take Minnie Mouse for a
walk one and look she got her little
pepper they're so cute
I don't know what else to call them
except hubcaps those are not really
hubcaps but as soon as I put them on she
like she went around check each one
individually instead of alloys low
profile
22s rolling all right little write me is
in this
or she constantly talks yeah but like
it's almost you can't understand it like
we're saying mini goats were things like
oh maybe it was like oh maybe I will
you know she is so weird well she
doesn't mean to what are you going under
stand to go but she's like always
Babylon it's soapy but she still in last
few days I know like last time my mom
saw her she wasn't like that last night
she said Erika mm-hmm
and then she wouldn't say I go no you
say Erica
you see Erica say Erica I know why
protec I be in your belly
I didn't even know she think they're
coming it was kind of mean that's true
no they're not coming now detects Erica
Taylor's come over
emiliana bad wise well you think you're
toasty friend the oven a toasty time and
honest as Amelia's joke jokes it's
making is now I went up the air the
chicken um black pepper Arthur just eat
one of those jelly beans put a couple of
those jelly beans in there and plop it
on oh isn't this and then newbies new
reason myself on our Saturdays we like
to watch here
oh hi ru hi ru hi alright and that's
actually Sunday not Saturday cuz si I
didn't get to watch it so yum yum yum
thank you God so I just did a huge load
of laundry and there's another massive
load that I have to do so I just need to
put away these socks and things the
laundry baskets full and then over here
I have I had bought this bin I had
bought this bin for junior and as you
can see it's getting there getting full
already so I'm just putting all his
stuff in
here for now because we don't have
storage for him until Amelia moves out
of that room
actually that was meant for me out but
and that's gonna say marine but I wanted
it for him - I don't know I just I
thought it suited him more boy then we
have all of these that I need to sort it
and some shoes
oh hello hi what are you doing are you
doing
do I smell - mom yeah okay thinking what
I have an on getting dressed in mmm
wanna knock it yesterday maybe 3 3 QT 2
3 mmm wear pajamas all day long Oh Welch
in the face fortune fest you have a
party should get you excited hey what
you know I love doing your elective you
excited in hyper you don't need a lackey
friends I boil eggs a lot what take one
now okay night-night I love it
okay let's get some tunes and go round
driving along on a Sunday night go get
myself a little bit of a fright not sure
why I'm gonna get a fright tonight but
I was going I was just about to cook
dinner and I talked to myself oh I was
I'm different tonight I want something
tasty and what I made out I mean I'll be
making a couple of potato dishes lately
and Amelia has really enjoyed them so I
talked to myself I'm gonna make a potato
dish tonight I'm gonna make an epic one
see if you get a good spotting nice
little spine here it's cooked through
here
cut cut cut it cut cut
oh we made it yeah so I was like I want
to make something like today too so I
thinking
bangers and mash huh bangers and mash
YUM Amedeo I love that I love that to
watch your Emmet I know will feel about
it but uh
hatch opens you look oh my god
Sanchez do super good sausages
what of course they're all gone you guys
who don't know
soku-kun song seems like the best lashes
in the world just eaten here they're all
gone
it's amazing had no idea this is for
vegans nor make this even more fun beans
you put beans with it as well yeah best
meal I've ever made in my life
baked beans um just one 10 all I got
like great little packet ends case
Amelia likes them which ones better
bachelor's or Hines lectures friends
bachelors hands
oh no no
right cuz they're full of things it's
funny I'm and you car people like their
look at what I'm saying but I'm I just
love cars right I just like every time I
just nip off to the shop to get
something I always end up gone home like
the super long way but it's because I
just I just like once again driving them
right ah I'll be home in like two
minutes and like now I'm gonna go this
way
buh buh and just lash freakin love it
you know and you guys didn't eat drivers
that dirty rat just go home like the
super long way just because you just
love driving so much yeah huh I always
do that they're my brothers to say right
under the car Carson or friends or likes
good a long way home Ilya are you
excited
huh bangers and mash and beans and smash
I got the Heinz beans Heinz beans that
they're they're full of beans and full
of the beans no she's never had beans
right all right anything she ever baked
beans anyway and I got galti sausages
they do super quick so I'm she's back in
from Cork lats you wouldn't understand
my Dublin people understand they do
super quit sausages in Sandra Pedro pony
Danny Josh Danny dog Petros and Robin no
where's where is Freddie Fox
Freddy Fox where's Freddy thought she
got him nah she's doing it for so long
here ladies whenever you come over and
you started vlogging she always stops
there's baby fun no where's candy can't
can you cut
yeah
Joey's away though I came over I like my
start vlogging so I got to see it a few
times and look at the cameras got like
no all right maash is made I put some
soy milk and a little bit olive oil make
it nice and fluffy beans are getting
ready in the micros saskia is right so I
cooked them in the oven now there's
millions in there because I cook them
all so we can get the dog some as well
but I'm netted they're pretty much
cooked inside I'm just gonna fry them up
just to give them a nice sort of like
texture and stuff yes salt like the
grease and stuff is gone so they'll be
cool little bit Coolio's beans are done
now let's check out a little saucy yeah
look a lot better now
sorry Tom I'm very popular I'm very
popular all right folks
are we ready ready to beast down in the
greatest mood you're ever gonna have in
your entire life
tada oh she hasn't fairs zr1 and
Amelia's got her strapped up that good
friend huh
to get Irish Irish meal I think it's
like I don't know maybe it's I think if
I can English Miren there bangers and
mash twice might for a side of look just
a sauce I'm the same British things I
didn't see come out the play don't
belong don't be stray I don't see come
out to play I totally made of the song
I'll make jazz I go I grew a beard don't
you know it looks like my hair that's
what I would look like no exactly right
oh hi I'm Ted yeah well I was like
seriously beautiful like oh my god
just say I'm like say gonna fall oh my
oh my hands my eyes when I got my hairs
in my eyes my hands on my eyes so I
thought I hairs on my eyes
we put her on you mean hear me trigger
let me see what he looks like in you oh
pretty girl
oh okay yeah monkey yeah I don't know
but I'm a monkey are you a monkey oh I'm
gonna get up into bed oh no you are here
you want to get on the bed yeah are you
a monkey say night-night friends say
bye-bye
oh say bye-bye don't do this my friend
they gotta go well you are they gonna go
to bed and you gotta go to the bat let's
go but you go to bath time that's why
yeah okay we'll put that there but then
we have to go or you want to put that
there as well okay very good
anything else oh yeah you wouldn't want
to forget that
okay got it okay let's say bye my
friends say bye bye
oh no don't drink the mist hahaha give
me that
alright bye my friends say night-night
bye bye say night-night bye bye hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
Oh
