good morning and welcome to a day I do
like the singing a lot and it isn't like
when I sing along with the songs anyway
good morning Amelia good morning Eduardo
get your head out of there
good morning and welcome to today's
video presentation secondly Jonas and we
are on the Tor situation today we're
heading to London Tower yeah and then we
are going straight from London to chest
Rock which I've never been the Chester
before very exciting I thought it was
like Manchester just with no men so it's
just like Chester man free Manchester
yeah this day was the first day the tour
very exciting guys I'm gonna hotel I'll
have me no hotel in ages you don't got
anything in ages since he came so this
is our first time almost leaving the
house feels like the first time yeah of
course you are me cuz you're me we were
gonna bring you two but you're too
naughty
you're too naughty are you oh my
goodness you probably are gonna lose it
brioche and chocolate stars for
breakfast well that's not a good start
I won't miss you guys go but you're
gonna behave yourselves and I'll see you
tomorrow
nannies you go Jessica what tricycle or
turkey rings mommy has them all and her
keypad or her thing I don't you down
hi anyway see you later
again
while we are looking hello mister Chief
Constable we've set the telescope opera
see our friends can see it oh you can
almost see it look how cool is that
you can eat it move it over slightly
look at that how cool is that so we
leave it here like that up here
Hey look look like yeah you know your
birdie it's so cool
look if you keep an eye in a bird√≠s huh
we're going in a few minutes of s yeah
I'm going in a few minutes and I see you
watching that iPad once what does she
know building hey Eduardo does why do
watch the friends ven Channel what are
you gonna take your first words all
right tour date - wanna go there closes
you ready you ready go you know good
look in there anyway eccentric was at
the baby show and we brought a baby the
baby show huh is that coincidence
oh my goodness it's gonna be so much fun
actually but then applying more things
and actually no narva Thomas the Tank
Engine wait wait no no no woman I want
to go visit I was thinking she went ah
you're getting a figure D'Alessio she's
getting the treatment huh let's get her
own little chair huh he's the best
greenroom ever she's thinking she's like
what I'm getting fed getting my hair
nails done little cooler like anything
he's normally at these events in green
rooms it's always just like not
kid-friendly at all this is the most
trials friends Audrina verbena what
you're gonna go to yet see see this
you're amazing you like it you know yeah
just two people watching okay I can't
perform guys
yeah
do you think
you realize it is joining us today is
the yo-yo does you have to
say
oh my goodness guys I find it weirdos
dream look at this look at this oh my
goodness there's there's the kids
tractor thing the tractors oh I've lost
everyone did you imagine but right over
there he saw that a glass every way I
think I only have a work if you tell
immediately guardo
sister our brother in a message of the
goons didn't actually command but they
were supposed to in my mind it was
Lawrence that I was looking in the box
another one I remember early on is like
a romantic vibe and then we had a baby
and then the now it's all right I have
to sleep I'm not going to sleep facing
her I have to stay away and if I see ya
you get in trouble for like making any
noises noises that never seem to be a
problem for nasal hair amazing strimmer
mm last one moody Mary I got this really
uncomfortable chair and I feel like sit
there just really a comfortable chair
for like alright we just finished on the
stage problem we've come to pay go look
at this thing oh my God look at you
imagine the kids anything
he's like a monster truck oh my goodness
so cool what a moped
could you imagine immediately take a
moped the school she get like drive
along right no thanks
alright I'm just getting a new chair
it's this looks like a chair for you
it's like a family
repeating chair
if we trade a home I want to go in there
all right so we're in the services we're
an hour and half away from Chester we
past Birmingham a while ago so we're
somewhere near there at this services
and we're getting some coffee and cakes
and biases con-tem-plat-- sick and I
wasn't able to get a video of today
because I basically we got up we went
straight to London for the show and it
was London straight to Chester now and
then from Chester Ricardo it's gonna be
it's gonna be iffy iffy but we'll do it
we'll do it otherwise easy said she put
up videos instead of showers and then we
did water I've been doing today trying
to cake in the park
enjoy
is that they were exhausted oh yeah
this is cuties so the kids are having
dinner right now
all right we're go we're going back on
the road friends another I think it's
about an hour and a half from here our
trusted master nor think not where is
this place guys is Norton Cannes a place
where it's not a restaurant guys if you
recognize and let me know or Norton
Cannes is a place also let me know about
that charges what it is getting colder
slowly and colder from across to I feel
your presence all I wanted to it's good
next to you and always get left every
time we touch what does gonna do to make
it you made it to Chester doesn't like
the video at home though anyone home
the reception buttons broken guys your
bag in the census hello Chester and
Alessia and Chester and you guys live
here and you guys are here no idea where
we are we are at the Crowne Plaza
b.i NGO and bingo was his name you look
at this bed it's got freedom we got one
each you know one pillow section each
Thunder come I just got soup I'm just
not hungry
okay soup and bread yeah just get
something I just think I need to eat
something
all right I know it is late it was a
long drive guys who's a long ride was it
a long drive was it a long drive yeah
hotel room tour don't don't don't yeah
look at those things to act a baby show
and stop a gift is this thing and it's
like a fold away baby bath we were like
how convenient we need to travel back
were you because you travel look where
you're sleeping tonight
mmm that's exciting that's exciting huh
right let's get some boomer and go
rock rock
and if you see daddy's standing by but
we have the mobile bath teacher oh crap
I overdid it
nope okay there was a line here I think
I crossed the line
yeah it's it's no seizure thing or
anything it's kind of cool look how fast
we put that together you ready you ready
this is cool you're gonna have these
special memories I trust you just for
you just for you right you ready for
this he's standing at your seat
you
