oh my god what why does it taste like
garbage
ah yes for entangles goes along
Hey good morning
so Mia and I are getting dressed you
might think from her attire that she is
dressed which is actually not oh you
running around you running good girl
burn off all that perish ah want the
nail-polish pretty oh pretty nails mommy
has to do her nails together old chick
yeah and she woke out like six this
morning which is way too her like she
doesn't usually wake that early at all
and I think she needed a nappy change or
something and then we all went back to
sleep and then she woke again at like
half past eight usually she wakes her in
9 sometimes well depending on how late
she went in some time she even wakes up
10 like she could be a really late super
but her bedtime is usually 9:00 so she
usually does like 9:00 to 9:00 for some
reason last night it was so early and I
was so tired even though I not yesterday
I was still so tired I think it's just
getting into the last stages of
pregnancy and I have lightening crotch
like so bad today and all this pressure
down there I feel like I'm going to have
a baby today even though it's way too
early and I don't particularly want to
have a baby today okay let's get dressed
you're my constant motion you know what
be a cool invention I was just thinking
about this right we want to go down
there and Thomas right but we're going
to end up parking our car
excuse me in the merchant's key which
you have to drive all there in the back
of it right imagine you just pull up
somewhere right like this and you can
just like get out of the car press the
button and the car will just like circle
the block or it would like go into
merchants key and park itself now would
it take the ticket I don't know
Orma Jeremy like it would somehow and
then whenever you leave the shopping
center you can like on your app you can
connect to the car on the app you can
connect to the star in your phone but
like here's a button you can press and
then the car like starts itself up and
it's like
on the way sir like dike it on the way
sir you know it or not and it will just
drive now pick you up yeah invent that
that that is all I want
that is it nothing else please open for
a dog we have a hundred dogs to beat
yeah
suit up see you love them I think
they're so pretty
don't yell be smooth yep I look as an
adopted for the moment see my little pig
there and saved our lives saved our
lives and really was having like a
full-blown tantrum a full-blown tantrum
friends only know what to do Anna
panicked got Riga you're just hiding in
her pocket at onshore hide in their
pocket cheering constantly guys in front
of it
this is a panic tonight and then I were
at the dog section so I handed the pig
and we're okay okay but seriously it was
like a full-blown Pantera little scary
we didn't know a scary situation
we got me more dog biscuits bananas
what's said
no simple naina she ruined it now she
ruined it
holy stranger over here hello
the situation escalated the legal was
broken out we have to we're still gonna
keep the piggy maybe I'll even buy the
piggy just to keep her happy but wow
you're a handful friend it's gonna be
loads of fun when junior comes on it hmm
okay
oh my game is guys that's not how we
repeat of last time okay seriously look
at this isn't that so cool for junior
and like someone got a junior that meat
don't touch it you might wake up he is
going to love that when you wake up sir
but she's gonna look over things like
what just happened I got an entire new
wardrobe for junior yourself someone is
that wears it oh yeah
look at this thing here look at this
thing here Hugo Boss for the little
fella huh little you gotta be where you
go watch speedy razor hard it's so cute
for age - yeah so he's like fine for the
next he's good he's good you got an
entire wardrobe oh my goodness guys
don't ever think that you ever have to
send this stuff people who have sex oh
thank you so much I'm sorry sometimes
you don't get the feature everything in
the box it's just sometimes I guess just
so much stuff comes and then you can
teach everything so yeah that is so cute
oh okay lovely yeah we yeah we ended up
buying it oh yeah let the fight begin
and there's all yeah I've got more
sunglasses I'm awesome this is cool dude
oh my already media wakes up and sees
these
what's up here yeah and look she got a
little taste for her yeah the case is so
cool their dogs can't eat them that's
actually a good idea
Junior has a wardrobe I only just got in
a box I know
Porter clothes like newborn stuff and
Errol I'm sure it already
I'll have to get more hi everybody so
Johnson got these Harry Potter Bertie
Botts oh you can't even see that Bertie
Botts every flavour beans look at some
of these flavors booger
dirt um so so I'm going to get them to
eat some
yeah hold on one second all right let's
play this trick on daddy oh my god that
music you threw my head
melt let's see if he accepts our
challenge
do you accept our challenge
John's what huh I don't want this knock
come on come on come on and this starts
to blow room I always will give me shock
media has me go
okay now I shall pick okay so number one
is this one okay and I'm just going to
show you guys so it is this one right
here okay guys just eat it and guess
what it is Oh what do you think it is
it's a American candy I was a kid
well like what kind of a flavor would
you put welcome to defer it be so yeah
yeah okay okay I want to play on alright
next one okay so number two is this one
right here alright there you go that's
not that's not that's definitely
smallest huh good yeah you know you give
me good one first like come on eat it
okay so I don't really know if it's this
or this so this could go horribly wrong
all right really good I just don't know
it's kind of hard to tell I think it's
this one but maybe it's this one what is
that it's cute get out of her face uh
marshmallow
I'm guessing I've been really nice with
this one guys okay really nice with this
one that is it's not looks like it's not
she's loved he's in on it the taste
doesn't go away if it's five no it looks
like
oh my god garbage cans as it goes along
I want to know now know an answer we
know it's not taste like did its booger
did you know hey leave her alone
oh no he's getting more intense yeah but
like how does it taste like I just don't
understand what does it taste like
garden
oh crap exactly what days like grass
oh my god it's crud okay so again this
one is a toss-up between I don't like
the pause on this one here and this one
so it could be this or it could be this
this isn't something nice
I'm not playing this game anymore this
is the best oh my god when is it oh my
god it tastes like cuz I don't know what
oh my god what is it
Oh does it taste like mold is it
earthworm
I wrote this ticket in Iceland it could
have been that or cinnamon oh yeah
exactly that's what I was trying to
figure out okay let's do this one here
okay here's a firm that looks like the
worm again it's not it's not a it can't
be they don't have the same earth room
was read you need to get worse that's
not that's round it's dirt oh it's dirt
is it good that is the best ever
there's some nice ones in here when I
tried to start it me into this game and
ever since then
well favors that it even looks nice it
does look nice what is this I don't know
the words he's a worm dirt and work oh
yeah I think I was fiddling that's I
gave it to you because I was like I
better give him a nice one now Oh what
are these ah are you supposed to be you
want them going take up what I might not
be mrs. Li give her a really gross see
what happens
snow can I have one you can have one on
my can have one okay I think that might
be a nice one no eat it try it might be
dirt okay last one I'm going to give him
an option to choose oh my god what have
I got vomit I know I owe me an onion oh
the other one oh it's so weird like oh I
thought it was gonna be like two
extremes
Oh God is closing mm-hmm oh this isn't
go away for ages wait it's okay second
yeah although good you wanna pick one
yourself rotten egg oh my god this is
disgusting
sausage grass how come I never got a
green apple or a blueberry cherry yeah I
cinnamon cinnamon us later
more water never ever buy these sweets
okay that's my word of advice for today
perky Baris never remarried but it's
from Hari puker hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
