and we're just having some chocolates
are these chocolate cookies they good
hmm
marshmallows is it like a rocky road
doughnut sorry are you bringing that in
here to me thank you thank you okay I
think it's plenty better spacing
it's crazy Lending Tree a lot you want
my camera once my camera
it's so weird I'm like oh my god you
can't like when you leave one kid then
you have to go to check into it see I
don't know if I could do this all you
need to go to the toilet okay like I'm
with you okay what's my friend do is
draw morning
that's what I gotta meet it up in the
cheddar slow roasted tomato toasty
you monster - you're like or chicken of
bacon
this ain't vegan watch them are you
thinking I want the purple juice but
that gets me
Oh juice bacon runners hummed here oh my
god yeah my goat Rito
are you going thank you
by priests Aniki you want some of
Daddy's paper careful are you going fine
I found this sack of potatoes
I don't normally share what I should do
it should I bring it home and already
opening the one hand moves this I don't
move all right friend can you pop we met
the person who invented dude she sent
you - good thank you
well you won't tell me what happened you
talking to you though or about that one
do snacked on them later half a cool
dude thank you you guys do it say that
we do move it I know the game of finding
us now finding a candle hey yeah yeah
this now now open a cupcake oh he sat
down before
you know the one that sprinkles on top
that's what you can smell the sprinkles
can't you I want this I don't want the
candle I want the let me cupcakes there
are a new baby how could you actually
capture the smell no but you know like
that you know when you smell the head
smell the head of a new baby get to do
that next month
this is no sniff you should bottle it
Sarah even commonly what would you do by
my scent my plans individual people's
smells something to look into all about
the poopies nappies now alright we have
coma to appliance lands because toasties
posting machines we need to check
exercise trigger you know it's like she
your like hurting her back towards the
toasty machine she was heading off
towards the TV land and when I mentioned
Pat became I wondering TVs he's stuck
here forever
okay almost that's that's the goal that
one there is the goal
second one in come on oh wow look at
here Wow
you've only done all our work okay this
is gonna be tricky now Wow
Wow oh there's a coupler in there that's
not after a deep filled sandwich maker
okay okay Godspeed Oh underwater camera
let's see if it really is in district
after you test one it always you know
indestructible cameras give them to a
child
well she'll put it through this she'll
put it true that the tests so I got a
toaster kingi you only went for cafe
style oh if you like a cafe look at the
trees errs you see this sad new G ones
the ones that squish the bread right we
am better here we don't actually buy it
like slice panda bread we only buy two
like em you know in a panini type of a
type of bread and stuff so I I was like
let's get a panini one we do an unboxing
we're having issues Oh George Foreman
one but I just I don't know I just
we won't do anything else with it other
than make sound reduce in size i Paulo
will just go with it sandwich making
this week oh okay they're returning
because it broke during did boxing video
video yeah this is this is not done not
working at about one-handed unboxing
video so yeah a century in the box you
get a lot of this stuff you get a lot of
this stuff and you get this this is all
I really wanted so that's cool all right
kudos to these remove all look awesome
oh you can put a big bottle in there
yeah Alex looks exactly what I was
looking for
to make us some toasty sandwiches nice
it's got lights the parade light up oh
it's a lock
stuff it's like your life in it well
yeah it looks pretty cool looking for
down and after lunch probably tomorrow
probably tomorrow you doing better you
know when he gets quiet when it gets
quiet you know trouble is the real thing
hey you swimmin you superman' all right
tonight we will die like beasts late
fees we got some spagbol kind of thing
on earth it's kind of like spagbol
panini what's my name media is very busy
here as we can see huh
a little adventure huh well what'd you
find what'd you find
well that's pretty cool that's pretty
cool there Tony has invented the bed
like a hundred years ago or five million
years ago huh it's still entertaining
today what is this is this a bank a Navy
look at the color of them seriously we
got this handled and it's a UH what was
going I want to buy another see tonight
I love the over knows like black smoke
coming out of the candle and this is
this has not happen because the -
vacants be gone for a couple of days now
and the color of them they're going in
for a groom in next week to pull the
excess water but look at the colors I've
been calling your keys there are your
keys oh my goodness huh gray dogs they
got am a trap I'm a trap dog oh my
goodness and seriously that that stuff
was like I know it's all being cleaned
anyway but like that stuff was like
everywhere it was like the black smoke
got on everything he's crazy I need to
say we got ready to kind of that's what
we wanted to get a candle today for a
place system huh damn it drew common
trope hmm
hilarious right that is asleep so I
should be ready by the time mommy wakes
up
should this be ready by now me whoa
wipeout uh-huh are you watching white
back at the same time well no one's
actually watching it it's just on pepper
Ben and Holly was on parade as much
my brain was exploding with ben and
holly's so I just flicked up with a
channel uh-huh
she didn't notice though thankfully what
was that deal so I just woke up from a
nap because once we got home from home
store and I thought I could not stay
awake my mom was like it's because the
driving test took so much out of you
like that was two days ago like what I
am i some kind of old person's like I
need to recover after my after my
driving test two days ago
I need some recovery time okay what are
you doing up again up again
you want some num num num nums first
time like on Paddy's Day yeah she didn't
like even react to it jokey she was like
five four months oh yeah she was tiny
look what I can get okay it was just you
two met but I really appreciate that you
let me see
I thought I was they made dinner I'm
pretty amazing husband
thank you I looked at my Easter
decorations I like crew and say just I'd
love tried to save yeah this is great
pretty sad okay you see we she's drawing
on the inside our walls as you can see
we slid across tonight keep it actually
you go three or four Snorlax
yes okay okay gets no that's cool no I'm
night-night friends hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
