anyone or Amelia is the new norm Elia is
where's Amelia oh I think I heard
something she is
is anything pile of wild animals my
goodness I put the stairs here for the
dogs but it mean Leah loves it
I'll be have you stole anything
drawler mangoes will astronomers like a
Mentos from half of cork is in the water
this morning literally the entire main
city area is in the world oh my goodness
OB UK in the bag and attacks did you
tighten the via this idea was it to have
all these are you friends love this is
mine
he's a magic friend friendliest friend
Oh baby Dan be on the ground baby
undergrad my friends he probably needs
to get dressed I got a mop the floor oh
my gosh
so I vacuum the entire house well like
downstairs you know and it needed to be
done cuz nobody did it yesterday
obviously because I went I was out all
morning and that's usually when I do it
and so it really mean to be done and
then because excuse me
it's heartburn as well oh because it's
raining all the time outside every time
the dogs come in they track mud into the
house even though I try really hard with
like mats and rugs and everything to try
and keep it off but I needed to steam
clean the floor as well because that has
to be like in the summertime it's not as
bad but in the winter it's just gross
and it needs to be done pretty much
almost every day so but after vacuuming
and I had all these ideas like you know
getting jumping in the shower getting
ready putting on my makeup making
cupcakes whatever which I'm still gonna
do but
after vacuuming I swear to you guys I
feel like I just ran like a marathon
like I gen and you feel so exhausted I
just collapsed in this bed in a heap
like I thought I was gonna die and even
my breathing was like there's like an
old person I think it's because of the
low blood pressure that I have as well
it just makes everything just seems so
difficult like what I do like basic
tasks or something but that's my
breathing was like shallow and I was
like oh my god I can't
it was like I had run a marathon or like
done a huge workout so I asked Jonathan
to steam-clean for me because I think I
would have actually collapsed if I had
tried to do that so he's doing it right
now which is really nice of him oh my
god this is just insane I just feel so
pregnant but then at the same time so
like I just have to have the house clean
you know it's just that's just how I am
you always comes over to me and I ask
you to put her backpack on she loves
this you love your backpack Neil just
comes over and she like hands me the
backpack I was like put it on that she
was like to walk around with the
backpack on all right then you get to
mop and then just put the team up didn't
go on right what what I'm gonna get this
part right okay for Anna's collapse
upstairs into bed she asked me she
called out her last dying whale I'm
testing them ice for me to steam clean
the floors huh
and we should just do it we have learned
friend never ever mess with a nesting
turd trimester crazy lady huh haven't we
lent we done it all before professional
baby makers look boom Exhibit A
look at that it's Exhibit A there
boomtown that's you know you know you're
doing you got one and it works
are you a functioning your high
functioning
human well you don't look like it but
I'll take your word for it I think you
were right girl i Function to Tito Tito
nice huh anyone or Amelia is then you
know where Amelia is where's Amelia oh I
think I heard something that she is
you're such a mess it this is your
measure oh it's coming alive
steamy Oh careful steamy steamy windows
your major steamy windows whoo whoo
rabbim party's here this morning this
afternoon this evening good night good
night see it bye see you tomorrow
what we're making some cheese sandwiches
you wanna say nanos like we should get
like a toasting machine a nice tasty
tasty machine baby's ready I like don't
want to overdo it
I'd say it's enough for her anyway I
like my nose screaming and black pepper
I'm singing maybe tonight I might do
something with your hot air hose again
that's a party horse yeah big papa tails
meatball and potato balls it's not like
you there Baba you'll have to press play
under something uh but this one I'll buy
this one Oh everything is ready yeah Oh
ready steady Freddie hey Freddie
you ready steady make your way over
dance your way over
num-nums make your way over soon the
trends transatlantic whoa we're having
our ham and cheese toasties we need to
get a toasting machine though don't we
yeah and we're watching our own vlog cuz
we're cool like that
see ya
it's not even life can't believe I'm huh
I know I still was in shock like last
night like that was like a dream or
something
it's crazy and I kept looking at my car
cuz there's no L plate yeah I know I
know can drive on motorways do anything
now
yeah I've never driven on obviously
never been another one there's no
waterways of course so that's why you
give it everywhere and just you'll carry
it on motorways hmm okay when we go
Dublin and shiny all motorway making
happy and fifty huh Tai Chi Minh yeah
get a cash flow cash goes up everything
a game I'm I can drive Johnson's car
well Oh No there's no that's a
completely different game ten years full
licence experiences needed for a bad
coat like that a motor of a hook you
know I don't know I don't know that's
possible like how proud of it guys how I
should shoot for the Vols why we should
go to a car park or somewhere where
there's loads room and you should
actually just through a core G because
like that's like I think it's like 400
brake horsepower and you're used to like
120 years of his work so just to
experience your face when you go home
I'm not going to go not know which is
like it is it's a very trafficking
experience I can't wait
test out my little coupe a here thank
you BAE
oh yeah we're going to have a nap - more
like the Napster children an up strum
from back in the day I'll have a quick
snoozy Suze Suze Suze Suze I know you
wake up we'll have more funny movies do
you think you've got a plan sounds like
a pretty good plan to me look around
look at the size your little hand to
mine I have monster hands yeah you know
which one
the whole hand
so Amelia's asleep and she actually went
down pretty early but I think she was
quite tired so I look I found this this
was a Christmas present from my sister
but it's perfect for Valentine's Day so
I'm going to see I have all my little
cupcakes which call these cases and
they're all red and then I've got some
red sprinkles as well and I'm just going
to kind of see what I come up with I
don't really know what I'm doing yet but
I'm gonna do some chocolate cupcakes and
I think it's like a white frosting or a
white is it Marsh
no not marshmallow I don't something
anyways I'm gonna do something cool and
see how they turn out you're done friend
hey now don't be alarmed my smoky
kitchen
I didn't work out too well it smells
good but like jeepers you can't even see
in the camera but like the whole place
is like covered in a tip you can kind of
taste it yeah they look good though what
is it mmm oh my god look at that stuff
all right
it's like tar so I'll have a cupcake
without that recipe says put it on
the cupcake
what money the thing she knows it's
cupcake time you want to put your
fingers in here hey hi Yangon av okay
just just one time come on come on
nobody saw nothin no inside no you can
see the actual smoke from the light ones
and cupcakes
oh you want something you want something
that's what we say for treats you just
say you want something she knows exactly
what that means you want something all
right
where are you going what are you doing
huh huh how is it oh good okay mommy's
little helper time you do be mommy's
little helper huh
Nicky Ching you're so cute I know
Amelia quite open to your table oh geez
rid of it never know what's going on is
all right is that Ryan and ruff think
interrupting riot we go make it yeah did
your chair friend okay
that night I just like to point out that
I'm very disappointed in my life right
now so I tried to fix the recipe because
it all went wrong I actually don't even
know why because I followed you in like
the directions completely like to a team
then I just got a different recipe I
didn't actually have all the ingredients
well I had every ingredient bar one and
then I looked it up online and people
were saying that what are you laughing
at
cupcake face people were saying that if
you didn't have that ingredient that it
would be fine it was a cream of tartar
it was like a quarter teaspoon but I
think it was important but anyway people
online were like no it's not it's fine
if you're making frosting just do it
with it so I tried doing it without and
it was just super runny like I'll show
you guys I mean they look okay but you
can tell like the icing is just runny
and I know that if I had done just a
regular icing like myself like one that
I'm used to with butter and icing sugar
I know it would have been perfect but
anyways it's okay at least to me I got a
little chocolate cupcake because I think
she was missing those when I used to
bake them like over Thanksgiving himself
I was kind of doing it every week and I
think she used to miss that so at least
she got to find her little apron you
look so cute
Bianca what is this oh oh oh this
doesn't seem right at all this doesn't
seem right at all something definitely
appears to be wrong here oopsies both
see the coop seize up give up
tell me something wrong damn you Gino is
the problem I know let's shoot you was
not me jump me into bed ready a murdered
for mom comes and says do you realize
that you better say night-night friends
seriously this could be a problem it's
not my side oh so it's not that bad oh
yeah I was jumping on SH okay get
anything guys I can't believe I broke
today I can't believe you Robson had you
broke it that you wrote the read oh it's
like the ugly go Oh give me that any pop
see you later hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
haha
