oh my god I passed I actually passed oh
my god I got my thing my little
certificate of competency um and when he
asked me to sign it I didn't even know
if I passed or failed I just didn't even
know but um yeah I passed so I have to
tell a joke you down
good morning guys it's the morning of my
test and Archie going for a pre test at
9:00 it's like 20 to 9:00 right now and
usually like this would be an okay time
to move out but I just don't know what
the traffic is like because obviously I
don't have a nine-to-five like job so I
don't have no idea what traffic is like
so um I'm hoping I'm not gonna be late
but um my driving instructor has to
bring kids to school for nine and all
that kind of stuff so we're kind of in
the same situation but I could have left
earlier but I was watching traffic from
the window and it was just like
back-to-back so I was just like okay I'm
just gonna calm down have some breakfast
and try not to freak it because I am
kind of freaking out oh I'm so scared
anyways okay got my rules of the road
all my stuff okay I have water wipes
down here which I don't eat clearly and
I'm gonna go just you and me again
friends huh we figure out here we
figured out we turn the bowl up a bacon
squishy it's cozy and mushy huh yeah
messy or we number the ball and the
spoon and squishy and mushy it's squishy
it's mushy and squishy squishy mushy
because I had some squishy and mushy as
well oh and a tasty coffee
we're running are pretty much a lot of
coffee so and I got a 13 the level 13
brand to be mentally strong to be
mentally strong with all I had to save
my song what are you doing
I see you're up to mischief I see you
hear up to mischief I can tell we can
tell by that low not with those grubby
hands you count with those look at those
hands filled with barrage filled with
the goop no no
oh no way no you can have this you can
have that how about a trade how about
that instead oh you mean miss Davies
mischievious
mm-hm I don't know I don't want to get
parties every year
oh my god I passed I actually passed oh
my god
I got my thing my little certificate of
competency um and when he asked me to
sign it I didn't even know if I passed
or failed I just didn't even know but um
yeah I passed so I have to tell a joke
you know what up
thanks for you guys there hopefully you
can see me I hope I can't
I've never done this before um but yeah
okay delicious I'm so nervous I can't
believe my paws whoo okay like Hanuman
when I tell him in person my page told
her in person
yeah maybe I'll do that okay I'll go
home I'll tell him in person but you
guys are the first that while you
weren't tagging me the first no but you
guys are the first people that I told I
passed my driving test the instructor or
the tester was really nice
I still haven't told anybody yet and
then he asked me when I was due at the
end I was like okay so he does know I'm
pregnant she's I was trying to seem as
pregnant as possible so he might take
pity on me but um oh my god I can't
believe I passed oh okay I'm gonna go
home now
here we go off the car I know but you
ripped him open you can't rip them up
anymore
cuz it made it a plastic had to cut it
in half me alright that's it for life
next time you've L plates in our life
will be Amelia do this
can you picture me doing this no yeah we
get a picture surprises I'm so proud of
you look at mommy did huh
Junior will never know you as a nun a
novice driver like mom's always been
able to drive bad jump it up bye bye al
today is brought to you by letter L this
is a guy here if you want to pass your
driving test go to Steve all guarantees
even people that are afraid to drive
Emilio v-necks
she wants an idea of Cardo even
terrified pregnant drivers yeah faster
passes this is me the next room yeah
this can check out his Facebook page its
alert scoop-neck sumo ring yeah court
court enabled I learnt you alert you to
a license news it's so good and she
passed like ready before I have you know
there was that much like a person sought
a page I didn't know the guy started a
certificated compensate and I was like I
remember that huh
he said they were who cares you passed
yes who cares huh there's you know you
can try see governor wait a minute
what's this a clear window window
so dirty right oh yeah kids actually see
the square where the area lies it's so
good
and Steve is also saying that there is
actually a 56% 154 percent pass rate in
that place he was like I never tell and
if you do that that means a forty six
percent fail and pretty much every
second person he's not sleeping it says
it on a website or does it give you a
percentage every second person and he
said the guy in front to you and yeah
the guy in front of and I failed
I know I know which means that the guy
after you probably fail then like if
it's one or more than one oh my goodness
it did it's a truffle business this
driving thing is that like you know
don't the doors not they didn't take
simpler and like I did they're really
strict and by-the-book there so you know
he was he was pretty like you know
fare anything yeah tell just know you
just really very nice car with no L
stickers lady parking rice parking over
this everything wow you're amazing
you're amazing
you've got me to reverse in like to them
up the parking space at the tester oh
yeah I could just drive as down yeah
that's a good chick but when you did it
with me we need it twice and I got it
like most times I was like hey maybe I
should be referred more yeah probably
you know anyway alright you think it
isn't you know it is it's management
yeah sorry leo
she loves it well Anna Nino comma sonic
got so excited ever since she was tiny
she always loved the light because
you're pregnant you ate los Manos
goodbye yeah we were here in the opening
night huh we do joseline
okay look she got a little we should
with TFI Friday generator like clap your
name and they gave me like keep honest
oh yeah yeah bring out a cake our cake
your key card
why are you doing its let it go it's
fine it's okay there's no
we got like dads just my god you just
ruined the whole picture you couldn't
like the a dirty color like Anna it's
like a poofy artiste
nobody's do lions were made to be broken
I don't like to color inside the box
outside the box
Amelia's obsessed with corn like as soon
as it came she just didn't care about
anything else on her plate except for
the going on into it like mmm you're so
cute
what's wrong
all right thank you love you but the
corn on the cob is easy for them to kick
off and it's like kind of fun them to
eat
you like it you like Nando's
mmm yummy corn very important after a
long meal to go for some exercise
afterwards yeah he likes to go for
exercise watch your beside those shiny
shoes ah a little bit a little hustle
mom but it I was holding her head and
walking his Douglas you today
oh it's okey one on my hand ooh click a
little freaking swimmer
Oh No that's it it's over
off you go I'm going to get big aha
Deb nominee as you like know
think think think you think guys your
comments DNA yeah
the better ultimate better odds of our
sleeping we let her walk up and then
that's where actually aiming towards is
just some sneaky can come up it's going
to say
okay step on oh I got it's gonna go
we're now ready
whoa
here
another one
careful and these let's go whoa
this job yeah barely climb up this one
here
okay ready it comes
comes oh I was that was good actually
she's been at that time
Oh oh my goodness you ready
we have one right available okay
are you ready are you ready here we go
here we go oh my goodness
holy crap oh my god you're not sure of
anything look at it really move side
isn't that nice she's like no how does
an episode on it's like traumatized by
Hitler I should have gone in there as
well didn't realize wait OH
it just goes in our webs wait what what
just happened there oh this door is it
up see you just go to do you can go to
ciccone Jolie's uske Ciccone Jolie's at
dot secondary account put a link in the
description you guys want to get some
friendlies friend bibs and remember to
go over here right if you're in the
United States of America European Union
or United Kingdom um if you're an eater
of those I'm not really sure like if
you're an eight Australia and Asia maybe
you do use dollars I thinks he can go
dollar dollar and oh haha you got tons
and tons are like toddler ones debut ins
Cubs and as a popular request oh you can
get a pink friend his friend women's
t-shirt if you wanna in that you're
kinda that's your thing
so yeah hi you know what I'm getting for
a junior when he's born totally hung up
one of these imagine today he's born
from the mount point one all right
senator phone covers iPhone 4s five
galaxy asses and galaxy thingies I was
come back oh it's different shots
different jobs different and different
pops let's go to Europe let's paddle
over to Europe
mm-hmm mmhmm mm-hmm let's go just back
totes mcgoats I don't even know I'm too
excited too excited too much going on so
much going on haha this he what's going
on friend here's a crazy storm going on
right now why is it whenever focus in
life it's not a crazy storm friend was
it oh oh oh thank you thank you what's
that googa googa googa googa googa is a
crazy storm in court and you guys in
court tonight oh my goodness the entire
house is shaking a dog's gonna mentor
life oh thank you
you have an awful lot of things in there
this ball pit of yours anyway pretty
excited about t-shirts and sort of when
everything's done and the wavelet nones
brilliant isn't absolutely fantastic
what a day huh what a day it was a
pretty good day I think you should add
like said video he doesn't it's a good
day to have leave an intern right next
Road your users beware
haha I'm gonna make your drive to dunno
take it heaven baby down baby down he's
gotten emergency channels enjoyment yeah
we're gonna have to check is you okay oh
the baby is the baby down the baby sound
that's good Davis time the baby's up the
bed is up
ah okay sake night-night pants say bye
bye say bye my friends say bye-bye my
friends friends you're so kids oh
alright we gotta go we gotta go you
gotta go
oh yeah oh
you guys tomorrow
you know it's gonna happen oh the fridge
now do not eat dapat you through yogurts
you may have some baby Bell you may have
some orange juice a little bit of my way
yeah smart way oh hey let me know the
light goes ever oh you still here hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
