and I just came back from doing her
final pretest which means tomorrow
morning and I had their driving test
whoa I'm so excited for you I know
you're terrified
good morning guys we're just having our
breakfast and Amelia for the last couple
of days has been eating her porridge all
up with her spoon she doesn't really
know how to get the stuff on the spoon
but she hands that to me and she like
complains if I'm not quick enough to get
the food on her spoon but she's being so
good yeah I heard
such a big girl hmm so I ordered some
baby cutlery for her like you know like
a knife a fork a spoon because before
she just had like weaning stuff again
again this morning I'm going to the spa
with my mom and we are getting well I'm
getting the prenatal massage I think
she's getting a facial and an Indian
Head massage so and I'm getting a
pedicure again because I can't reach my
feet anymore so I'm really looking
forward to this oh excuse me excuse me
are you brushing your hair what are you
doing what are you doing with mommy's
brush so meeting us plane while I got
ready to go I'm just getting my hair
done yeah and maybe I was your stars
pretty pretty stars are they putting
stars between god twinkle oh my goodness
so pretty she was so happy when she
realized it was starry leather shirt
because her favorite song like of all
the time is twinkle twinkle that's
always what I sing to her when she goes
down at night and she goes to sleep she
was reading her books so I'm just gonna
try an get this done oh and she brought
me all my naked palettes here we are at
the married where I'm actually on time
this time usually they asked
to come well they just say like nicer
for you to come back 15 minutes before
because then you can make the thermal by
like the pool
actually I didn't put I told my mom to
bring a bathing suit because it's
actually really nice in there
these are never close and I think we're
gonna have lunch here afterwards which
will be a these are never closed I seen
his mom into this table we went to this
at our version of the spa French our
version of this bath a little bit
different it's not as relaxing there's
no where there's no masseuses and the
sizes is I'm not you sure about this one
what style doesn't seem to be a thing
good thing is missing but this one look
you turn this round here whoa I'm pretty
good at this actually I'm an expert
what's fun you know that these keep
centres and make this kind under her own
like but we're so much fun your own
junior is like her age and a tear in the
other it's like running around here
together they like have friends best
friends for life and friends that you
take home with you
take your friends home without become
aware of the laws against that
you want a friend take home
hmm hey baby baby oh he's a baby you a
check for the baby
who's in there the baby in there
nope doesn't look like it oh my god did
mom take the baby to her so that's the
thermal spa in there I think as far as I
remember
you're not allowed like if you're
pregnant did you come here whatever
others
we need to give it a Miss but when I'm
not pregnant again I will definitely try
to look so cool there's people in there
ham
I just have my massage so nice I felt
like I really needed it this time even
more so than the last time because as
the week's go on obviously the belly
gets heavier and it's like more pressure
on my body kind of thing but I just feel
so much better now so I've got my fruit
and my smoothie Amanda's just gone to
get me some hot water from I see it not
Frigg not to drink and then I've got all
my stuff here she just went to get my
hot water and I found her YouTube
channel has a YouTube channel as well so
it's Beauty Axl oh yeah and on Facebook
- so you guys should check it out she
does like makeup reviews and like
skincare reviews the night I think it
was like the night after I came here
last one yeah and I found your channel
and I was like in bed that night without
watching every single video and then
Jonathan kept mocking me because he was
like all you ever say when you come back
from the spies and I was like is what
happens and I was right here it turns
into football is it different
gibble oh you're gonna get it you get it
oh oh
learn to run the energy idea of a
basketball whooping we're not ready for
that yet
oh that's nice though I'll paint the
Swami I'm just trying to decide which
color to get so last time I was here and
I was showing the colors somebody was
like or a couple of people I can't
remember we're like oh there's not that
much selection that's just red red red
red
I'm like that's because I asked for hit
the red nothing to do it look they have
tons of colors and there's more over
there so don't worry if you come here
you're not just gonna be offered red I
just happen to like red on my toes so
okay so this is the job to nuts oh yeah
okay is that that yeah oh this one
Oh with that one yeah it's just hard
kind of painted on so that one's lawful
yeah that's right my mother so that's
kind of a little bit pinky yeah with
this then the other one this one's
gorgeous this one is the Big Apple Rhett
oh yeah that's the one so that's where
so that's like really kind of this was
bright and like classic yeah yeah I
might go with that and that'll be good
yeah huh solo game number one that table
number one friend cuz we are the number
one obviously the best huh don't tell
mom that you got that juice okay I don't
even know what it is it's called plant
juice quiet juice keeps the baby
it's so much harder because you're like
all over the baby and they got tray
normally like the two of us there and
then you're gonna find the card the seat
whilst holding the tray whilst holding
the bag full of nappies and changing
while holding the baby
actually quite tricky but it's good to
practice this kind of stuff because when
jr. comes you and me are gonna have to
go on a lot more adventures together
friends the mom's gonna need a break a
break from us huh and you guys one there
one little slab of butter you make
comments I got two of them all right I
got two so it said to give away butter
give away my nails done they're almost
dry think through their touch dry and
that's what they look like they actually
look nice on the short nails because I
just recently cut them and then I got
the same on my toes I think this is
called Big Apple right by OPI and now
we're gonna have oh my goodness you ate
it all
like a good girl huh I don't even save
some 5000 seal seal Kiko you lookin for
him
look at that create and all huh we
didn't make a mess no messes huh
we're professionals now friend huh
watch the end here let's click Erica I
have to
and pass through with my friend with a
busy day
 you drinking to get the 90s into
you go go go go go go
good job good job job oh my goodness I
was just putting her jacket on and look
what I noticed a jacket
it's jr. J jacket is giving a change oh
my god are you ain't your new jacket I
just got my lunch I got the veggie wrap
I don't know what this it's like trip or
personal personal Christmas yeah
but the veggie wrap is good not to my
favorite one and then my mom got the
chicken with some veggies this is
definitely not the situation we're after
here but if need be baby
you're supposed to nap when I dropped
you home but that was the plan wasn't it
huh
oh don't knock now huh what sir I can
there's nothing I can do about it but
it's no coupling me it wasn't that
attention oh no oh no I just exited I
was like all about the air coach spot
kids doesn't see the yet obviously oh
you know I won't take that long to get
there right well you know I you Specter
from school they're like but five years
ago we went to the jungle in place and
then we went to cost them we rushed our
hostage to get it here in time yeah okay
love you bye
oh my god it turns out the Erica is
actually doing work experience and she's
not here
I'm in the totally wrong place oh my god
this is not a joke seriously this is not
a joke
I don't even oh I just forgot I was
supposed to get there from here
take dart on a rainy we got her we got
her eventually within the car huh I'm
the Erica
but her cool glasses little cool you
know I think I might get a better no
unfortunately I was one of the glasses
as a kid
cool you got like pink flowery ones hey
I always wanted to tick black-rimmed
ones not they're really cool
I was always annoyed I used to like
stare up my monitor for hours hoping I'd
burn my eyes every right glasses huh are
you gonna wear glasses friend
giving them kisses whoa whoa
let's go peepees if you guys wanna go
peepees now's a good chance
BB's let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go
as always no one left let everyone go
you need to go peepees we are free free
house you should go for a nippy nap
though huh you think you should go for
nippy enough we get you sorted friends
he's taking everything from the fridge
I'm putting it
thank you
what are you doing
you play the kitchen you're making some
lunch home here oh okay I'll vacuum it I
will vacuum it come on come on I will
take care of it I'm very proud of that
young lady I'm very proud of you
chocolate face - okay you guys remember
about two years ago and I said she was
terrified of having babies and driving
you're like a baby making machine these
days right and and I just came back from
doing her final pretest which means
tomorrow morning and I had their driving
test Wow
I'm so excited for you I know you're
terrified I know
like I think I'm so proud of you whether
you pass or fail like you know II mean
you you you were sitting there you
couldn't drive a car you know remember
like with that time like three years ago
yeah I'll be in the car in the vlogs
like they date 12 or something like that
and it was like you just gave up and you
didn't you stuck to it and any that you
could have a car and you can drive all
the time
tomorrow I'm pretty sure you're good
you'll pass your full driver license
test you will you're gonna have a full
European driving license tomorrow
what's nothing these things happen
yeah I believe you can do it is that
what your ad says well don't hit the
curve you got parking sensors oh yeah
you your you've got this you've got this
in the back you've done like 500 lessons
you've got this in the bag
and every night we've been doing the
test I'd be like ask and I know all the
questions because it's like this 240
questions on that website they keep
asking or how the questions you gonna do
so everyone leave comments I know we
kept this like super quiet because
people are just being stupid and idiotic
event itself we didn't talk about it but
I'm really I'm really proud of Anna and
it's rough by the time this video goes
live it's already happened he's already
passed you know that's no way that you
two have now so I made shepherd's pie
tonight hmm that's pretty girl I made
using a cutlery well she was using a
cutter look we've got her a nice little
knife in a fork I'm gonna use before
Kenda sometimes because a nice potato is
it fun fun oh there's my hands too oh
yeah I wanted something potato wheat so
I then got some potatoes and made of
this feast feast feast that word anyway
I gotta go see you guys tomorrow
have fun for the rest of your day see
you tomorrow see your friends tomorrow
say bye bye my friends
bye bye hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
