you know where's the baby baby yeah do
you love the baby baby no it's the last
month where jr. is gonna be in here
what's going on what are you doing have
you just been playing with dog toys
what's that I'm not used to one the bin
you're so weird
what are you doing she asked for her
backpack to be put on this morning now I
mean yeah I just vacuumed so this really
isn't helping my life situation right
now that's the state of going towards
both room the dogs going out onto the
grass and then like you know scratching
at the door it's just basically mud from
their paws in fact if it's dry today I
might actually try and sort that out
because it's gross but then in the next
second it gets dirty again so it's like
I don't do it very often
Oh who's he said a reindeer why I came
here for the Six Nations seems very
quiet what it's not honoring this
replica no I remember sir Scotland it's
making not very exciting just a couple
of crows a couple of Dewey Crowes yeah
they got Jogi didn't good morning I am
so Rach you know it's like February
like February 2nd today or somewhere
she's it's my birthday like 11 days I'm
like merely I'm not I no longer in my
twenties
it's amazing how old you get when you're
not paying attention
keep it take your eye off the ball for a
second I've got great hands my beard
this could be an exciting 34th year in
the planet big changes are coming after
I had nothing too much but I actually
have Junior we're gonna market a massive
adventure and there's like so much to do
there's so much organized so much
because it's not me and Anna it's me and
Anna
and I'll be Xena movies Nevaeh Theo and
Bianca and Amelia and junior to bit what
two-year-old we're gonna have Wonder
Woman almost two year old a newborn
infant six dogs oh my goodness but
sometimes in life you have to just take
chances and I took a chance back in 2006
and yeah I voted well for me
got myself a wife a couple of kids and
some doggies out of it a bit of an old
education huh
exciting times so we have a good next
baby which isn't a bad one song oh my
god okay I better stop you get out of
there oh my god look here did she say
that thanks so much I really appreciate
that okay it takes two bright now see
you guys later
ah
I'm gonna get ya you better match mommy
today she's looking for dad got that on
this bike so she's looking for him she
watched him to leave and she thought it
was the funniest thing ever
I'm gonna get ya there you go I just
clean up while your bowl is okay cuz you
made a big mess huh you made a big mess
hi look we're matching and Media has got
a great op mommy's got a gray jumper
she's got black leggings mommy's got
black leggings what's new and we're all
in gray and black I mean that's not
uncommon for me but it is for her I
don't usually like putting her in black
cuz I don't know I'm not really a big
black fan on kids but or babies but
today I thought it looked pretty cute
hey put that back come here do what you
were doing earlier
Amelia where's baby where's baby you
gonna give baby a kiss where's mommy's
baby oh good girl you're not baby we
need to do a mommy-daughter outfit okay
you're crazy you're crazy girl I'm
getting it so dry here I think it's the
weather or something but unlike just to
rain my lips it gets pretty dry all
right then you know what happens on the
Sundays today's Sunday
stub was Sunday one so we said you know
walking Douglas oh my god media has
never walked into this you know walk by
yourself and Douglas let's go for a walk
these friends do you follow that thing
along there don't fall into the drain
walking into village once I put a big
thing here you can messed up
she's like proper holding my hand though
it's so cute
she's been creeping on to this he
actually going to stop the circulation
of my handbag
oh yeah Oh big hill
well then the hill
we go get some DVDs do you think gets
DVDs anymore in the cloud if you
actually rent DVDs
I think know if people do that anymore
huh because they can pretty much like
get most new films to Netflix or some
sort of all right come on another big
hill coming okay almost there
it's right beside Center it's the next
one over I was a gang of hooligans going
oh step
you're more steps
we made it many friends come on
it's raining come on Amina let's go
let's go come on a subway it's tough
yeah yeah okay you leave huh
uni pop okay we got subways oh I got it
I got it friend thank you let's take
that when you're over into a car see /
and rain your bum always gets wet
because your bum and sticking out when
you're trying to put the kid in the car
see I've learnt I have a wet bum from
being a parent was that a fun adventure
we're running back in the rain I was
counting I thought oh no that's Keith ah
in the pocket and pocky toes hurry time
that well though with the old bike in
this morning I'm feeling it would rain
oh my rain it's coming apart
here Amiga actually fell asleep on the
kid well editing my video blog with a
film today so I took a tiny now festival
but now she's away let's see here honey
very light schmuck
fairies are they cute we go down to a
donkey friends so I would need a little
bit cranky hmm oh you don't like the
baby
what's going on in here oh she's just
emptied out dad's boxes look at you with
your little backpack there's anybody
else look at this thing
beast peacefully good isn't that does
anybody else do this or they actually
clean up I always do that I'm like the
second I finish cooking as I'm serving
and I always clean up because you know
when you fit after you've had a lovely
tasty meal and then the first thing I
did is clean up was all he sucks try to
get all the hanging up done first before
I enjoy the meal reels like that look we
got here oh my goodness that looks
pretty good
that looks pretty tasty things like
we're gonna have a taste time looks like
we're having a tasty time what's going
on here what's going on in here
oh let's see recordings you know guys
have you put all the stuff into the ball
pit hello their hard drives okay
they're kind of important is there not
on there thank you thank you yeah oh
thanks oh telephony converter nice Hey
oh thank you
Hey
hello what are you doing like that you
play me makeup
are you a makeup monster huh let's go
time for bed hello come on friend time
for bed
what's this what the hell listen shape
looks likes our air washer so bye bye
say bye bye see bye-bye brands dancing
like fun
I'll go around friends come on junior
you say goodbye
you think you've dropped a little bit
more you don't think you know but like
falling down more this is our last month
we're ever gonna have in our lives where
it's just those three friends well plus
the six monsters and says but this is it
like this is the last month of our lives
that we're just gonna be parents to two
trials yeah do you love the baby some
last month when jr. is gonna be in here
you know this is it this is the last
month like it's not mental you know it's
different because it was like the last
one for Amelia this is like I just can't
even imagine having two kids I don't
even know what it's gonna be like can't
even imagine huh we're gonna find out
soon or if you're watching this month
later and you've found us because we
have two kids you know you already know
it's like you know you can just skip
ahead
it can we skip ahead who why would you
want to skip bad why would you want to
skip ahead huh
no spoilers see you tomorrow friends as
soon as you said that just try to wait
me here tomorrow friends bye-bye
you're so cute hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
