it's a first of February though this is
crazy I can't leave stories ever oh my
god I'm having a baby next month how
crazy is that
exits are here here here here if you're
having a good time it's polite but if
you want to use the gun oh so Dublin's
over it ended and ended about 7:00 a.m.
this morning and look at the window so
it's like I can change myself that over
myself
wiped tears away I started waiting it's
a breakfast but I miss driving this car
Jonathan has gone to the shop because
Little Miss disorganized over here
didn't do any weekly shop what are you
doing with that foot you're so funny
she's like kicking one overfeed out when
she walks
oh yeah I didn't do the weekly shop so
we ran out of like milk and important
things that we meet for breakfast so
there was no breakfast this morning it's
the 1st of February though this is crazy
I can't leave sorry pepper oh my god
I'm having a baby next month how crazy
is that is tio trying to grab something
what's tio doing tio uh no no he's bold
say bowl tio
boaty oh no sorry Theo you can't have
nail polish okay your boy okay mom you
ever look at the future hair lads right
so what's most go to a christening in
Dublin and linking this morning uh we
couldn't make it right look at this I
can watch it I can watch it on a web cam
online isn't that mental ha is that
right there's my mom isn't a brother
this is kid Brophy with Simon like it
that is mental huh huh as a ninja
it says so cool I was joking so you can
watch it online I was like that is that
a joke is that some sort of a joke huh
don't know what sir christening I'm
gonna try on your new shoes hmm so
Amelia has these shoes that I forgot
about
I forgot that she had them and now they
are half a size small so I don't know if
they're going to fit anymore but we'll
try
we're gonna try okay we'll see if they
fit
Jonathan was like if they don't fit we
could just season for junior I was like
they're pink I like the room in this
pink so I don't think so
but come on let's go upstairs we go
upstairs I still can't get over this
look there's my mom there's my sister
you guys know Ruth the client is my
brother that's not my dad they're only
quite sure you look good
Oh Ezra quick look because I just text I
rose like I could see everyone that's a
one isn't it is my uncle clean oh wait
that's not my mom artists for you Lee as
my sister maybe oops
isn't that so cool well I just got my
new bag from Stuart sack it's the storks
that Caroline and it's meant for I think
it's meant for twins or like multiples
because it's a lot bigger I actually
didn't even realize how much bigger it
is it's huge compared to the - not one
call again this is the Caroline that one
is the oh my god I can't remember I've
just drawn a blank but anyways if I
remember I'll like imagine it later but
anyways so um I still love the other one
it's amazing Oh Elizabeth that's what
it's called Elizabeth but just because
we're having we're gonna have to in
nappies obviously I need more space but
at first I really didn't think this was
gonna be that much bigger but now that
I've transferred all my stuff I'm like
whoa there's tons of room in here
so obviously I'm not carrying around
junior stuff yet because you know I
don't have the newborn nappies and but
when he comes I remember like from
Amelia you would always have to carry
like a different a change of clothes
because they'd have poo explosions like
obviously I don't do that with her
anymore so there's just not a lot of
stuff in here but I love it it's so cool
I picked black because
my other ones Brown obviously and I just
wanted like to have the option but I
would say hi hi little adventure hi
you look cute um and then it has the
front pockets as well so I can there's
tons and tons of space it's really cool
see I see the pedo box I got another
pile of these shirts came back here so
what I'm gonna do though is um I've been
waiting to see what what I was waiting
to see what I go with the same process
that I did last time to reiterate
t-shirts good news teachers to go back
on tale mm-hmm and like bruggman like we
got baby clothes
we got like kids t-shirts you got like
we got phone covers for Samsung iPhones
like all the different phone covers and
cups and they're bringing our posters in
the next week or two you guys said
you'll be able to get those posters and
stuff so like what I'm gonna do is that
anybody like this any of the ones that
have returned now and you haven't had
our you haven't got your shirt yet
you've been sitting there going like um
I guess just like should make your
shitty dresses but like I don't know
somebody's just like the weirdest
explanations on them like what the heck
save me like but I'm what I'm gonna do
is that I'm just going to UM
writer refund you know money and then
you can just go buy one on the new side
is the new way of doing it it's
completely managed by someone else and
it's a whole different minute they're
gonna ship them organize their customer
support everything they're gonna do
everything cuz I can't do it I can't do
it I kind of forgot how many friendliest
friends I had I realize how big it so am
I want to make sure everyone can do it
so I was like I'm just gonna hand this
over to somebody else that knows what
they're doing okay wait it's right it's
raw very spray fighting dirty psyche
news now let's go get some lunch huh and
I'm probably going to put a Trudy a
zucchini Jodi calm where you bought the
t-shirts last time um that'll either be
an
at portal so when you go there to create
bring you into the store something like
that that's working keep it outside keep
an eye on my Twitter keep an eye on Alby
keep a very close eye and Alby huh
awesome all right let's go
oh yeah Baba hello mala
hello Baba
no smell get up Leckie's you're so cute
yeah hello there can you hit the button
your end no oh
baton Oh disengage sleep mode deactivate
sleep mode oh now sleep mode hello hi
there welcome good morning yeah we are
now melee up we are willing to let you
go play in the ball pit area we have to
do not bring home any diseases okay
and we're just going to beat her at
hands on high before it maybe like you
know good to me
I don't you know like just finishing
being put at me like pouring liquid her
oh my gosh my scene you put a nickel at
suit playing there come on
like I'm in my Nikes okay I know they go
we're good Amelia and Jonathan breaking
the rules the chocolate box here will be
closed for the month of January
where's the chocolate and me yeah that's
not the plate that up again there's a
better one over here come on let's go
she just doesn't she's right nice and
stinky yeah I know breaking it she owns
the place
come on this way now you need to hold
her until we actually leave she spotted
her she sees it like she sees it like in
my office I get so excited everyone
impacted entirely you can inhale your
cheese and drink about you look we all
got photo for language pull Sam we're
all gonna be fuller for longer and of
course last boom seriously if you
haven't done it yet
tryna you'll never regret it unless of
course you don't like buns in Saipan is
a nice and niceness and happiness nice
even we have butter butter Chapman
Bruner but I know I like em but let me
seem like a lot of work seriously
amazed and the full of lumber chickens
amazing amazing Amelia what's mommy
doing whoa
kind of what kind of magic time is this
forget the crazy buying all the cleaning
products you buy like all the kings of
the board it's like I'll Shabazz ricotta
cake I need to keep the house clean
medias first time on an escalator
scary part just careful yeah cuz there's
cars and stuff
I know careful
whoops oh it's funny yeah stay away stay
away
don't do it stay awake come on come on
we're near Nijo you are saying away
because you are taking up don't you
don't you do it don't you do it
hey stay away
it's a colouring party on a Saturday
night
Patil passed opinion
t√≠o burst a balloon me Nia who burst a
balloon he'll do burst a balloon
yeah what's that Tito Tito
sitio do do do did he burst your balloon
the balloon burst err is that your for
me hey that's really good but of course
I was Anna's coloring it that wasn't a
melee at all when is that
oh don't blow it don't blow it up it's
already blowed up or unload up come on
let's go on an errand Erin Brockovich
why do you want to go and do that you
guys know why he's gonna resent Coco
okay
so Saturday night
hey I want to go to Mac doe doges can
you see that the McDonald's on is broken
once again my talisman gonna make Joe go
something like that
my daughter's okay so uh leave me some
things in the comments and I shall hook
you guys up I know I always say doing
interaction do but seriously this time
it's from the JIT it's in a jet
situation hey what are you doing do you
guys see that she's like I don't even
know how to explain it's like she gets
so frustrated or something and she kind
of goes like tenses every bone in her
body
she likes watching me collar though it's
so weird it's like she just she's afraid
to do it or something like to write the
picture okay I just said you were afraid
to wreck the picture kandi that's not
true come on Nikki baby baby like I
don't know try to yourself all right
let's get the nappy on and we'll go
again
that's the Connors vest it's just in the
corner in the corner and God oh my baby
oh pretty girl Oh doggy is such a pretty
girl you're so annoyed wow she's so
pretty
hmm thank you oh where are you going
where were you going uh-huh oh my
goodness bungee jumper huh how's the
blanket was like
oh you learned a valuable lesson today
friend here say night-night friends ah
night my friends bye bye bye bye bye bye
good luck jr. good luck with that
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
