are you doing
what are you saying what are you saying
are you saying crazy bats huh what do
you say it he's holding on to the door
find a little trick I I wouldn't mind
but up there no you're doing it unsafe
one now you're doing the fear factor one
don't be crazy
don't be crazy oh my goodness I put the
little stairs here to have help the dogs
getting up and it turns any media taking
full advantage of it
good morning and welcome Judah on this
feral Friday afternoon look what John
and then he made the bed this morning I
usually I always make the bed and when
he makes it it usually looks like crap
but I came up this morning and I didn't
even like realize for a second I was
like what is wrong I'm here because it
looks pretty good for a Jonathan attempt
of making the bed I don't know what's
going on here with all the guys dead
like all over the place but actually
this is pretty close I'm actually quite
impressed so good job Jonathan she's
just going crazy with this head piece
came here she loves it I'm gonna try and
take a shower and close the door see if
she behaves and hopefully I can get
ready huh you look so cute it was like
Russian nerd I don't know you look so
cute in anger do you like it it's just
like amazed at herself we have one for
junior as well and blue one is to keep
their ears toasty
you know that I have one question one
question drool all questions will you
mind a house will you mind the house my
house my house hmm miss crock jam mother
struck down a little bit about the birth
the bottom of the boat the boat nothing
mustaches on David hello
uh-huh not working 8:1 and I was taking
him so long
oh nothing just plain look at my step
boom boom
I knew he is the most greedy he's the
most beauty of the guns dance dance
dance dance could dance naked dancing
all right
150 knees one for newbies Theodore
Nevaeh the Inca Navy uh himself they're
not with them if you fella
good boy alright mind the house guys my
house my doubt my mouse Klaus
this son are you happy in the Sun happy
funny linger here
what no I wasn't the last reindeer on
the media pastures tomaron espresso
thing has been broken for a while wasn't
working so I pleaded that an espresso
drinking back at the end me and they're
like send us your mmm this best number
will turn into our direct because the
frother thing hasn't worked in ages
doesn't bother me actually I don't you
yeah but are you
this one is you doing
well yeah I make them for you but if I
don't keep doing them it's just that but
if it's me I she's annoying because we
bought the lattissima plus upside ranked
someone hello
I got their voicemail thank God come on
sir securing holding your bone your hand
well yeah it's it's is no plus or had a
little fried potato know what that is
them affluent stuff i bluestone at
Eastham oh well I I haven't worked in a
while it's been like crap he just makes
hot milk warm milk even uh no good no
good so Alex Eva I just get - Preston
over here and see they can source oh oh
oh
peekaboo
peekaboo not funny anymore what's funny
for a while it may be as quick cranky
cuz you just woke up from a little mini
nap not right and we're waiting on a
daddy
I know begin to numb now are we getting
some num nums way to get again where'd
he get again subway you gonna get a
subway melt you're gonna get a toy toy
no way and I yo what is it a yo-yo a
fruit yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo
we're having the subway party on a
Friday and night it's not night so don't
get yourself a fresh doughnut oh this
house for a free meal later then it can
help her about your skate or friend Eric
ah guys the best car I don't know do
cats like it is coming they came into
p.o box what hook said em of course
junior needs his own camera like it's a
little baby camera Junior it's so cute
did I get some books but Melia is going
to love this book because you have to
find the baby huh and John I was in it
at all
it's so cool give it a milk to drink I
think it all muku I mean he's going to
love that and she got some more pepper
pig stock just wanted to say thank you
so much - I think it's Tara Alan let me
just check here
I think it's Tara from Florida for
sending all of these amazing things she
sent so many hand sanitizers from Bath
and Body Works and Yankee Candles and
nail polishes
and just so many amazing things so thank
you so much and then I finally got to
try a candles by Victoria candle this is
in pink cupcake I think I'm actually
gonna put this in my room because it's
just it's too pretty
I just I want it for myself so thank you
thank you thank you so so much
and then for to everybody that sent all
of these clothes for Amelia and for jr.
and toys and shoes and I love these
little organic toys these are so
adorable so thank you so much we did not
have to do that see this is the kind of
stuff and never get shown on the vlogs
come on is a great mommy and every day
she plays and colors in with Amelia what
does she do she's a terrible vlogger a
terrible vlogger but a great mommy and a
good color in her you've got some skills
seriously maybe I need to make me call
it in Peppa
oh is that Amelia's effort yeah well no
I keep this is her she's too like afraid
to wreck it look at these crayons pink
princess what's your own sake not for
Tio's not for tio tio tio look you get
like no litter one hmm
fashion this time alright fashion is
doing the belly glitter let's try
cleaner flavored tea oh good to me color
in the Sun feel that's you she we're at
this last night okay and I guess with a
noise my color things in the wrong color
yeah what are you doing don't let it go
don't let it go don't let it go come on
where's your shoes where's your jacket
what's your jacket are you checking come
on Trajan is being extremely suspect
he's not don't you ask my mom to have
dinner early so that you know what he
did what did he do he played the police
oh my
you see this game do everything after I
had asked her to make an hour early for
us what I say okay respectful is that
hmm how much I bet you cuz you're a liar
people need to know the truth people
need to know the truth they can I know
much hurt come on Amelia come on cuz I
know that Anna makes these things up and
she's like oh we have to be there then I
get there like oh it's not for another
two hours it's not for another two hours
huh is it is that he now where is their
jacket oh my then it is so stormy and
rainy seriously this is not pleasant not
a pleasant sit is it oh I suppose we
gonna Dublin tomorrow my this stormy
weather continues knocking it on the
head mental but you didn't hear the
Thunder I didn't hit it
thunder was it loud yeah do you hear
lightning how did you see lightning no
auxin you can tell that far away it is
oh yeah this is nasty one it's like the
skater is wetter warnings all over the
country
yeah alright bye girlfriend whoa
piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy
piggy piggy piggy piggy pick up again
pick your picked up ahead could you pick
up again make it make it make it make it
make it break up again
thank you pick a baby give it get oh
dear God well if you got auto oh no
don't break the TV absolutely vital
difficulty cycle difficulty cycle deep
it'll a faculty huddle difficulty her
till disability pedal
there are necessarily lightly old so we
have an acorn disaster kitty hi
difficulty finally what is everything go
where's everything go there you guys
this you take a look after piggy yes no
no Jim Jim buddy cricket no time get out
of here get out here
troublemaker
put inner I think it's past that I think
it's the past a situation you like some
pasta not to message you should get me
know Johnny
25 is it there's only one of those
factors they made comment time which one
you want Oreo something something
something something this is mine so that
one's not available nice nice nice good
place is that this plane is the Sun oh
my god she's got that's it alright I'm
here for a chair care I'm just a key
here no keys no flip this over here
check this over home
wait oh oh oh oh where are you
oh my goodness
let me see your face we see your face No
hey why God just ready to eat the paper
- you got the dirty look hmm good
one buddy hey 20 mini cupcakes
could you have a nice time me do you
enjoy
inhaling oil cupcakes for exact point
for those cupcakes and I was like oh
maybe one for her she just wrap around
it she knew how to eat them because and
all the time yeah she knew exactly what
she was doing so now we're crashing no
we're having the CrashPlan flash diet
keylogger still a little iPad is it
still an epic iPad thing
whoa all right I got so small and all I
know are they all okay Amelia get a look
at them telling me to do a little little
little little you love it so pretty it's
like such a simple invention what's
actually so so cool have something light
up in your mouth
disco party back oh whoa
it is so cool and on that cool note see
you guys tomorrow bye my friends st.
been a friend's prime I don't you turn
her off
oh so cool in here 11:00
be there guys you tomorrow hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
