no problem yeah yeah hey junior if
you're watching this in the future
I just went to sleep for you where's the
baby
he's not moving he's terrified now he's
so lazy
good morning and welcome to a tasty
coffee that's at a focus that's going
into focus really slowly there it is do
you see it now do you wanna skip my
coffee and there's a partridge and some
coffee there's a barrage balloon forever
where is the media the Explorer maybe
I'd Explorer actually putting stuff into
it you got it figured out this pink
lightning the same rhyme is Miami money
I know crazy and everything I don't
think oh my no no but it so cute very
thin I gots pretty cute just like the
other one
I know Amelia I know we were just going
to be friends there and now we're not
friends anymore come on go explore
somewhere else you're gonna bring her to
the party like that I think so yeah put
the presents in the bike anybody
wouldn't fit would they know it looks so
cute though get out of the way get out
of town look at this huh
but all this cleanup that has to do you
know cleanup
I'm just getting off the ground to the
dogs I'll get it let's just go and do it
anyway yeah boys just know I'll be
getting it off the ground I think most
of the work half the job and what I'll
come back later I will come back later
and fix that I will a market is down in
here all pitted meat it would help
adventurer Explorer forget Dora the
Explorer check Amelia day Explorer Dora
an explorer part 2 where you go
exploring things huh the Explorer as I'm
the highest peak and met the wilderness
beasts of the mountain she is now one
with divaldo those dangerous a big
mountainous for ever to set foot on this
land they call the town of Neverland how
do you feel after conquering the couch
of Neverland you see on hello hello
hello hi have you having an interview
situation what who is that the fireplace
is no regret look at you
you gotta go up any higher you gotta get
up there
no yeah thanks for bringing me my camera
so Amelia just came up the stairs and um
she has her backpack on and Jonathan had
put the vlog my vlog camera into her
backpack because I asked him for it good
girl come on let's go we have to get
ready so we're going on a playdate this
morning we're running late of course but
I think everybody is okay um so I picked
at her outfit it's so cute I got this
top yesterday from Deb minimus yeah did
you see your new shoes Amelia look look
watching your shoes whoa cool dude cool
dude come on let's get dressed
Oh pretty girl in your new shoes you
running away
they're so cute on her okay let's go
we're moving too fast I don't think it's
right
I'm not giving you one no finish I'm not
going to give you me love tonight cause
I think we're overdue
you know
hey Joanna can understand me with me the
fire we're going to bring out in my tags
hoping meter movie and I reassured my
movie I bring it in you to be honest I
don't know what they will scare you or
heck working me man or do we want to
romanticize yes I yell only even I don't
know oh god what am I even saying I
don't even know what I'm saying man man
I'm starving and I has to go out she
drop the media I had so many things I
suppose see this morning then I got
caught up in the meeting that has
happened raw boring war so hide again
I'm hungry I'm trying get some food yeah
I'm hungry you hear me no problems at me
dinner yesterday took a risk and I
survived I survived well II so I'm gonna
continue on my eating schedule I'm gonna
eat everything today today we're moving
on chocolate
I have not a copy this morning with my
first copy I had like three days yeah
hi ru how's your day going sure we gonna
go inside come on come on inside have
some dinky what we give Rebecca her
present no no no no runway runway runway
come here just click it print the toys
come here I know you like that chair
it's a popular chair come here good girl
let's have something to eat okay we
shall have a friend huh I have a nice
korma some blackcurrant in Apple
Stillwater and oh yeah everyone the
couch the one on couch it's a fire clock
Batroc
come on up see what I see what they have
in store for us today come here come
here - oh gosh
say hi baby I mean I just came over I
pulled up my head over and said hi baby
oh yeah I said hi Melia say hi baby hi
baby she like pulled it up herself and
she started prodding on it like she
wanted to touch it hey where's the baby
me
Hey oh you won this pump
so she can see it I know she disease ha
Oh dad
pity he was kicking her hair and her
brother yeah yeah hey junior if you're
watching this in the future I just went
to sleep for you who is the baby no he's
not moving he's terrified now he's so
clean
he's not like her at all because emedia
when I used to like prod or jiggle or
whatever she would like go crazy but
with him I have freaked myself out cuz
I've like been shaking it you wouldn't
move okay
scared that I haven't felt movement and
he won't he just won't wake up he's just
like so quiet and then when he wants to
he goes crazy but it's on his terms like
once he's assuming he's just asleep
look she did all that to him and he just
said look nothing bad - is all about
Amelia now anyway is this yeah beaten
you interrogating where is the baby
do you have some micro Philip oh um
hello there hello there what's going on
here now there my friend goes there love
lures in that case what you can feed
back every single place used to push
them look at this little one sugar
Ouma you're gonna inhale them royal are
you being treat was you've been treat
was she's not even rings yeah that says
well here's your box which is gone now
oh you've got a couple in there what why
don't you finish the whole day did you
get a free Daniel in there I don't know
we're not to do a full investigation
and vacation like that's the dance this
is just to get students for hours as she
eats she walk around a little little
coma oh my god follow her dogs with
bottle no problem there's always
problems you're always guaranteed to
guarantee clothes oh maybe we should
drive it up to Adams are doing wrong
sitting there and being all civilized
really shows instead of restaurants he's
good too big open rooms and you had your
food and you just stand in the corner
hmm it seems more simpler it means from
a simpler time so funnier and Oh a
little bit of crunch there oh okay this
is called the head banger oh I kind of
thing Oh from the top rope Oh No shoot
lightning oh that's it this is mrs. Oh
nappy change I have a Jane happy time
Danny knew knew their time refresh this
an appetite mood for your shoes are so
cool laughs they're nice that's classic
it's possible all right I'm freezing a
hundred hands but instead of getting a
pizza I decided to go cray-cray and get
a spray spray what
I know but it's a chicken dippers and
not only that I've got some math uh
kitten legs I think they're typical a
little tiny legs oh that's horrible
can I have some kitten legs please hmm
get up pretty good I'm gonna watch some
American horror oh yeah I think it's the
finale 207 tests oh my god we should do
this having tests with them and see if
one of us could be the supreme who do
you think is the supreme that of us
you're the next supreme
you can thank supreme where's your baby
where's the baby your baby that's the
baby you're in the show I'll let it baby
show the baby your baby's over there
look pull over top try and see baby are
you paying any me Oh
Oh turtle power go oh don't get nervous
oh geez watch toes would you ever do
that thing in copes our scouts didn't
ever do that I used to do all kind of
sketchy going camping trips you put up
stick in the middle and you'd have to
run around to stay kind of like that is
that you'd hold on to it you have to run
around like this and then you try and
walk away if y'all like like so lucky
whoo you gonna join the cops what the
girls join Girl Guides is it
this is Amelia's pre-pre back workout
place to work off
y'all right there keep on truckin
ha ha ha she gets it you're right oh
thank you very much
come on let's go let's go come on come
on let's go how's it go too bad oh did
you love this you play this every day
you go bounine okay do you think behind
the curtains here comes the kick you so
funny
all right a night thank your friends we
grew up there
don't mess up too bad mom will give out
to me see night brains unite brain say
bye-bye
mine will ya mm-hmm see you tomorrow bye
I love you see you guys tomorrow
I love you too bye bye hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
hahaha
