he's not real
so it started a lot of music we kick it
in
how long will I love you however you
love me for you but I love me forever
your purpose anyway okay I'm gonna try
eating food today I went up center I got
myself some sausages some bacon and some
wedges eat spicy what just did not
realize they were spicy nice and that's
to Mike teavee yogurts and some black
turn and apple juice
that is my restarted
hi guys love them - what a Wednesday
today I'm having a healthy diet option
bacon and wages I'm washing it down with
a juicy drench and the dogs have become
my number one fans walk into their house
and yell and mentor inside follow me
around this is how to get a slim figure
like jokey jokes t20 Thursday oh oh did
you say good morning the media mean yeah
the rugs come here and say good morning
to your friends good morning
don't even need side bits you change
color what yeah I never even had an M
friend you open an adventure you have to
still go that's so cool this little walk
what do you want or do you want
bandages you ain't all those sausages no
you only gave me some people good if you
know the difference look at the little
vlogger huh little professional blogger
to get your backpack full of supplies
and battery chargers and SD memory cards
get your camera I got your boots on that
bunny is that funny
we got pink one thing for the girls
oh you want me about this one too okay
now you got a couple of cameras I'm
gonna do with all those camera between
deeper there
no one's a lot heavier though mm-hmm
this is the process of taking to your
home for tea Oh huh
that 4000 say it's the do but as I keep
everyone we promised them you promised
them didn't we
you wonder applesauce wrap it in napkins
that good I just haven't even touched
the soup I do I didn't work out well had
some crisps and I got my apple juice
I had a few seats in my life I just want
to overdo it
me Messer we do you need to get our lead
actually whoa careful careful careful
careful men open break down moving
alright okay go go go
whoa
okay where we going oh yeah oke oke
sorry yeah don't you know but there
she's like all those but the texture the
texture in the song with each it means
just teeth teeth and gums
pretty cool look at her oh my god next
time clothes for junior this one here is
that a bride Oh Jasper junior and it's
Junior jae-min is being like jock human
laughs yeah I can't stop for like two
seconds
oh that's how you get Castro arrived his
friends taking of things like that
that's like a heavy one for five seconds
which is like torn then one side of the
shop and then Islands took around and oh
my godness I haven't seen me get old and
they can run oh my gosh
soon a meal is gonna go good one what's
gonna happen when you can run friends
hmm oh hi there hi there so we no longer
need to bring you to ball pits or
adventure centers we just need to bring
you to the shopping centers yeah do you
want to tell mom what you did or should
I
my bones being removed gets scraped off
during our little game
hi - cute you love her you look so cute
walking around together
- little flower in your hair not yours
mm-hmm you wanna go join your friends
and presents
that a present from the birthday party
tomorrow yeah well we got a present for
a backup good you want to get her ice
cream yeah my tub of ice cream we might
get him in sparkly Dancy shoes mm-hmm
they're so cool they're the ones for the
one she had yeah so they don't fit yet
so we're gonna have ones that fit now
yeah the piece is alright you guys how
we get the piece though know me and my
stars
I like that one too now I was not
allowed to put these on here anything
I'm never taking down a traitor here
before you know where we ended up it's
so much more economical to put the
things bartered me having to carry
everything oh yeah it was easier what
I'll see you later
oh my god hi
you know that tag you do you've done a
couple of times and it's always like
where's your nearest Starbucks or
something
and you could never answer that question
you always said like Dolan or our no
usually the question is like what's your
favorite drink let's drink or whatever
but now though my excuse was always that
well I think we have to go in there just
for that fizz and pop that skirt it
shoots in Google's yeah was turning you
in there what should we get
leave us some comments of Starbucks if
we were to go to Starbucks for the first
time in our lives do you have a
suggestion to make the weird to go to
Starbucks their first time in our lives
what should we get I once again dimeric
now but is there some special poori
hi can I get an espresso are you wearing
socks gloves pleased to meet you pleased
to meet you pleased to meet your Alvey I
shall be do don't do that you got gloves
on you know I keep on them socks huh oh
all that in there cuz you got mats ready
to test out the mats
okay you all jump over to match yeah I'm
he pee he just tripped over a moving it
will place this entire floor board when
I'm at you to meet a weird
oh here we go really is very busy
what you doing in there nevermind what's
the meaning of all this
what's it mean yeah close it close it
the doors close close it you're gonna go
in we pull is it which is turned around
see it go and walk in them
stop your feet you gonna throw dad oh
look at the lights a little bit big
you need some stick socks in there oh
look at the lights emini a pretty girl
Wow
stomp your feet and me I like this look
do that yeah make them light up let's go
like this good
she looks so grown up with machine oh
those late
oh my god she looks so grown up they're
like little egg on version proper yeah
doing your weights so I couldn't resist
when we were in debenhams today I got
some stuff for ya
thanks anyway so I got this with the
little trains and I'm so scared to buy a
new book the media oh that's your baby
I'm so scared to find newborn stuff just
because I don't know how big he's gonna
be okay you're crazy you're crazy I
don't know how big he's gonna be so I've
always kind of been buying 0 to 3 months
but I need some things for the hospital
bag and just like you know I don't think
he's gonna be like huge but you just
don't know and the newborn things really
don't laughs I think Amelia wore her
newborn things like maybe once like one
everything was worn once because she had
a lot of clothes any weight but probably
the last like a we should hurry
something so I got this
in the sale and Ted Baker little baby
girl
and then this vc-1 in the sale as well I
like this one with the teddy bear and
this one has they both have feet and
then this one doesn't st. get some socks
and then this is my favorite the little
Ted Baker this is zero to three months
but actually looks big and it looks
exactly like oh it's not here anymore
but it was Jonathan's well because yours
is Ted Baker oh yeah I just think this
is so cute I think it's really pretty
oh my god is going home and going you
know it can be oh yeah what for the
hospital I thought like I want to ask
that YouTube that you know just after he
comes out of here actually so it's nice
and warm it's not going to last not know
and then I got this from me yeah because
I thought it was cute because I they
have a little dog yeah she actually ran
up from where you showed it there if you
ran over okay I'm just gonna hang on my
dog dude reaction to me what are you
doing
Hey he was she would do it and then she
turn around like why aren't they giving
it life is so funny
I think she's testing us no intention
fault you're just you know that she's
like all days she's been in this weird
mood where if like she wants something
and then she gets it and then she like
shrieks throws it away or whatever and
it's like she's really testing on time
for some boy yo are we getting some num
num you ready
all right open up look at daddy's new
shoes I think they're really cool are
they winners of shoes I don't know it's
the same technology as jeez yeah well
you're scaring movies like you kiss the
drawer no I think she's hungry I think
this is what she does when she's hungry
cuz you got you baby no no it since she
got sick I haven't been feeding her as
much but the other day I was making her
lunch and she was like this she was like
really antsy and then as soon as I put
her down she just started eating I was
like oh my god actually hungry hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
