switch that one you been to noisiest
bracelet ever oh okay this one just made
you go
so Emily I just got up she slept in a
bed Jonathan is really sick
he was sick all night long
both throwing up and diarrhea everything
that Emilia had so I am the only one
that seems to have gotten away with it
and I really hope it stays that way the
doctor actually says that we most likely
wouldn't catch it Melia is having her
juice and we're just gonna let dad sleep
for a while or does the giraffe go we
have to put this on here right you do it
yep I just the giraffe though
there's the giraffe where's the giraffe
he's here yeah where did he go
put the giraffe on no he goes here look
oh yeah like this good girl now you
getting bored okay let's play with this
one okay no no no no no no uh-uh uh-uh
what are you doing
your freak thank you
give the Panda his leave give the Panda
his num nums go and put it in put it in
other way other way this way ready go
what about the doggy if the dog is bone
no he doesn't need a peanut nope
doggy has a bone there's doggies bone or
stretches
yeah give the doggie his bone good girl
that fit I think you do it this way it's
this way good girl monkey eats peanuts
look no give oh I want to play anymore
and so funny--i I film at one time or I
don't come on time she doesn't one time
and I don't film it and then I take it
the camera to film it and then she just
gets fed off I just doesn't want to do
it anymore
Wow ah you're gonna put that on yeah
pretty girl like you know where it goes
Wow not go there okay that's a big one
that's a big one isn't it wow that's
shiny she found something new that she
could play with you're gonna take them
on oh that one no it's not nothing I
think that one's broken yeah you put
that one over there that's a broken pile
oh wow 3 1 2 3 they cool switch that way
you bend the noisiest raise that ever
she's gone crazy
okay this one just made you go crazy
girl you're just gonna wreck everything
now after she organized them all I felt
bad that we hadn't actually because we
were all sick in the meet it was sick I
think she haven't been added house in a
few days so I was like come on we'll
just go on a quick little walk microrna
quick little walk friend huh
what's your looks it's kind of raining a
little bit so won't be a long walk don't
get I'm not good in here when I can
enjoy your walk join you up yeah we're
all up on the walkies huh
we're gonna get away here and then you
get away from me where are you where are
you I'm gonna hide behind levels mmm
is Amelia if I need yolks
you're so cute all right oh boy can you
catch me
can you catchy kidney catchy Oh over
don't fall over
hey hey are you going are you going are
you going no this is a downhill part you
like the downhill part huh what Oh ans
ends are jealous are you enjoying that
you eat that up
better junior it's up jealous report man
driving along and now mommy mother no no
no no I'm bringing that song back right
2014 driving along and mommy be a remake
he says this is driving a lump I don't
know I feel a lot better I still don't
feel like I still have an appetite and
as much as I'm jealous that Ana's
getting food I'm not gonna eat anything
because I'm terrified of having another
night like last night can't get rid of
dark let's let's take this conversation
on the other side of the darkness land
woo say I feel that I definitely feel a
lot better but like I smell food I want
food but I think I want it because my
brain is smelling it and it's like every
time I need food I'm like I really want
that you know and you choose like oh
maybe I'm just gonna take out tonight
and I was like don't you dare don't you
dare get a take out because I really
want to take out what I'm not hungry and
I haven't eaten in like two days so if
you're not hungry and you haven't eaten
in two days you should probably listen
to your body body to body mum bedroom so
yeah are you listen to my body and body
saying no but my mind
my mom's telling me oh all right it's
gonna get so much much for Ana and
Amelia I'm gonna be Montreal right like
I said anyway so
pick up some of that you know I went
ballistic sport over the flat seven up
because I have to actually fly this
having up that's a lot of work and the
leucocyte sport is already flat pissed
off isn't it and it has all the
electrolytes and all that I that good
tasty stuff in it so I'm nice nice tasty
and nice so that that's what I'm living
on now I'm under Lucas I died the Lucas
a juice fast oh my god it smells amazing
friend you realize how good that smells
do you realize how good that smells new
look at it look at it ah don't talk to
me better daddy pig come to stay we have
to get some more of them you know you're
gonna get 200 you create them tree music
I'm warden but I wish from know which
one you're gonna get yeah and on the box
Katie huh
okay looking at mommy in the screen
uh-huh give me some of that
give me some of that smells amazing I'm
on day two friends remember day to
remember day two for the tougher it
smells so good watching The Dog
Whisperer today I had to control these
animals thank you we just sit down now
to make Alby watch it oh it smells
amazing friend what am I gonna have oh
YUM what am I having for dinner keeps so
my old yum think I'll have some of this
YUM hey it's healthy and nutritious it's
the sick dance
thumbs up my sick dance oh you're gonna
get dinner on them
thank you
all right well mm-hmm okay listen to me
now I have problems can't find me fat
label but tomb in which but I only have
one it will I look into your bed and
then I look in your bed I think you did
know that this gun I why would the Pope
be at the people pigs I will I will
actually look and get me belly rub now
this is lovely
if a snooping look she's here she's got
her bow how come her bows Dillon and
mine isn't this is ridiculous
this is child abuse animal abuse Samia
come here come here to meet you media hi
okay participant I'll just ease I'll get
tea is good spill it on the floor
once we do Jimmy let me aware people
tell P anchor where her boys what to do
delicious
I bent his bow we paint this bow huh
who's gone where's it just Bianca's bow
vanka's bow happy fourth time to do cat
dog food they're lovely output
they're pure 7 ok bye Pappy bye
please send help I'm missing a bowl oh
hi
then realize you're recording my life
hey ping it's mommy bring this mummy
bring this mummy it's mommy
what are you doing you're gonna hold it
up here like this thank you let me now
thank you very much okay exhale funny
with my beautiful beige guardeth all
thanks for my soap what's your new
favorite dancing whoo dance another
Macbook dancing on a Macbook one two
tree what do tree what te are you
pressing that you're dancing on the
MacBook P you're pressing on your that's
an electric you like that slender
MacBook covered in olive oil olive oil
baby oil you like it why do you like it
kingspan something new is it - oh the
power button when it's a power button
there
Oh God anything that doesn't sound right
you tap into the beef and that my
friends is what not to do with a MacBook
get into bed and you you there get into
this here just hot press all right don't
come out until you take the like button
see tomorrow hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
