hi Kristy oh hey oh look at him he came
to see you Amelia you've got a real
comfortable bed yeah
so I mean I just fell asleep on me so
I'm taking my runny she was asleep on
the couch like on me and then I was
there with her like I need to get strong
Leon I'm getting emotional
rod but Aris I called Jonathan to take
her off me because I can't and get up I
physically can't get up off the couch
when I'm holding her because I'm too
like far back and it's just like too
much strain on belly back and everything
so I had to call him to get her and he
picked her up and she like woke up first
that second which was all sleepy no I'm
as he was carrying her away she went she
like smiled and went like wait I was
okay - no she did that when you were
carrying out way yeah when you just have
was over no one you were better here and
she like semi woke up but she looked at
me and she was like oh that's it - yeah
I mean what happened she was like hung
up the stairs yes I like but her face
was all like you know just woken up like
boom
oh my goodness I am so tired tiredness
has come upon me you know when you're
going through something like you know an
immediate being sick you know you know
so you're on your you're your height you
know everything should move like you're
up a couple of times in a night but
you're not feeling the tiredness because
adrenaline or I don't know what it is
it's keeping you know your brain is on
function mode it's like what's that what
I grew up straight right here years and
then you know this morning I don't jinx
it
she had breakfast you know she whenever
a little nap she had the yogurt
yesterday she had the porridge kept it
down she's got breakfast and empanada
everything's you know she's in real good
spirits I'm coming along nap but you
know obviously her body's warning and
tired you know for them everything seems
to be in or there and then my body is
like okay
emergency services can end and then my
body's like wait a second you have you
haven't sat man and you've got no food
you nothing's like oh crap and that's
how I feel right now everything has just
come upon me now and it is snowing
raining sunny snowing rings rings
morning letters insane today it's
horrible I'm not even I know sweaty
Sunday Subway's I'm not even getting it
away because it's just too much work
it's too much effort to even go to
subway I'm going to go to Sandra
I wonder about a Balki chicken curry
thing you guys watching helix it's
really good you like it
pretty good and I sit there watch the
road me biting is pretty good
I wasn't sure to start but then I read
it's the Battlestar Galactica writers
that's what first a lot of it was the
writers about this amazing Joe seriously
and you can definitely tell it's the
same BSG sort of tension and character
development stuff pretty good I am I've
been pushed over to this side of the
couch ok god tick-tick-tick over that
side of the ditch if nobody else sees
here can come on no nobody else is in
there just he'll cuz I know the old P
good boy oh my god these stairs know
he's gonna start barking right now I
know he will he goes to our rec room
window and he starts barking mmm do
yours good boy you're such a good boy
you want oh you're such a crappy devil
boy I am up in a boy it's gonna be rich
media rich media
teal he's not very bright teal
Christie oh oh oh look at him
he came is you pretty oh do do you have
a nice sleep
hmm thank you
this is great this is the best day of my
life ever
oh geez oh geez
Amelia you've got a real comfortable bed
yeah hmm 15 y/o which is different which
is different you sleep in your bed ha oh
whoa whoa is he sniffing you there that
cuz that's where you sleep hmm
yeah I can't miss your room is because
she was playing with all her toys hmm we
can't miss your room is I wanted to come
up before she started like I could hear
her just playing yeah and sometimes if
you wait too long she gets cranky huh I
see you doing you're gonna get out I'm
gonna get out
Ian or okay see any Oh serious it find
him he there he is
what's he doing what's he doing oh how
did he do that oh you want to get up to
like she's jealous you guys are having
that fun hmm tears like Oh sir awesome
this is the cupcake room oh jeez this is
great this is just great mm-hmm
do you want to do with you all you would
anyone get there what's that except for
the baby step for the baby
so media has been practicing her parkour
skills you see we can put the counter
right here so you can see parkour skills
ok ready ready we go here we go
ok here we go
hey jump
she just wanna participate jumping up a
nap ok he's just babbling realized this
little section of the house she's never
been before there's a lot more in there
one more huh hey off more when I leave
you up there then for yourself huh
gonna go live up there now no no no no
no no more hey you wanna hear something
sucky I feel all like gastro troika's
myself I better text my mom and ask her
because apparently won't you have a
winter like immune to it I didn't get it
as a kid doesn't sound like fun and
though hello there let me put this light
on so we don't blind you too much I know
I'm he doing huh are you feeling after
your knob you feel good cuz I don't what
did you do to me like too much kissing
listen too much kissing going on there's
no more kissing the baby nothing okay
Morgana's says immediate favourite new
song
okay you like that hilarious
clone Yankees new song no BA gets close
to business no Bianca was singing the
song waiter
everyone line one nine you like the
vendor Stillman huh who's this man all
right why is that I'm mutes okay media
was it dinnertime
no I think John I felt really sick
yesterday but I kind of just was like
okay if I ignore that like only it is
and then when I woke up this morning I
felt a lot better so I think Jonathan
might just have the same thing so I
think we both got sick at the same time
yeah maybe we got the same you got you
know I wish to pronounce the comp and
everything
yeah there's no I don't throw out your
like rain
yeah I know yeah it's great
so Jonathan made her omelet I think
we're trying to keep it as light as
possible there's nothing in it it's just
add enough sugar Sarah my eggs I mean
the egg come here handsome omelet she
probably won't eat that much Hey oh do
you want to eat it on oh my god why did
you get so heavy no no these vultures
kiss good girl
dad break your legs okay um I have thank
you Mike this one right what's that
Oh Oh God Oh Darrin with hair I'll sit
down it's time to go to bed now okay we
should probably clean all this up huh
everybody every day how does this work
will you help me with this please don't
understand how this works it's very
complicated for silly all that seems
like you're gonna need some young minds
will turn this kind of a project so it's
like off 11:00 or something
she won't back off after her long nap
and stuff so we're like we're just
showing her happy she never tired of so
yes we just keep on trucking friends
okay oh that is my house
all right huh Oh
guess what's behind this leave a comment
right now three two one
oh the heck what is the author's is it
lady % anyways give me the second part
that's a snake is that what that is okay
well I guess y'all won Venus all right
yes so excuse me you can see not my
friends
thanks all for watching hopefully
tomorrow everyone being experienced
we're all good like super fun no I don't
even know what I'm saying my little
friendliest friend come on let's get you
to bed
one more song okay
Yeah right guys
whatever you do though don't look into
them
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
