good morning and welcome to the first
this carry-on
if I slip it'll end badly so I try am I
tried once I can't see that do this
trash this like course it's not far when
I live and I kind of figured it out we
use the M Google Maps and coming out
here and sort of tracking it and it
works out to be around 1520 K there's
two options where you're going to Road
or to go to this part here this part
here is like my endurance test because
it's way harder what happens here for
new you guys know where I am
is that crazy uphill rocky road so I'm
trying to just want to build up
endurance because Europe and I was
mantle's that's what gets you know your
endurance like you know if you look
there for like 50 kilometers few hours
later you know you've run out of
everything that's where you need to dig
deep this is my dig deep training wait
somebody said here let's bring with me
I'm gonna get a GoPro hell yeah I'm
gonna get a GoPro so I mean you guys
give me um birthday card dates come
looking like three weeks or something
light so I'm gonna get a GoPro black and
now I can hook it up here you guys see
from my point of view I shower after the
storm said you know you're the kid wait
to speak for your parents dad
if you do
I'll just do my makeup and you just woke
up and she like pull it in the covers
I'm gonna pick that I'm in she smiled
hmm everyone's a bit of a daze I think
you're gonna get a visitor today
chuckles uh-huh
I shouldn't pepper vana
she's stuck over there for the rest of
her life you want a decaf a half-caf
decaf laughs cap lemsip and anything
actually even you guys like I was always
into the almond no right and then we
only kind of bought this because you
couldn't find out in milk I think yeah I
see I actually liked the soy milk
morning I don't know I find that having
milk too sweet
you guys drink a milk then do you have
the same feeling when I was just a bit
too sweet it's like sugary milk or
something I don't know when am I like
this because it's the more dull down if
you want it's we can just add sugar to
it oh my god the wind it's blown down
some trees oh my goodness
and the trumpet state though there's
like 140 mile an hour winds in Ireland
today holy act that'll be a good day for
surfing
seriously but I was on a bike here in
Iran I was been blowing around I kind of
thought about it and I saw Twitter Izzy
come around the corner and the choir we
need to close off and I pull the trees
down well no I could get up on the trees
are pulling themselves down oh and the
trumpets they go just came this is the
most alert earlier she was lying on me
and told me they like me sergeant but
now she's perked up but she got really
excited on my mom came over so I'm just
getting a break because I've been good
to the last like know how long I love
this when you come out to call look at
the view ah look at that ship oh my god
I wasn't even looking look at that
that's so cool
you're playing alone it's a race it so
cool though cope is such a pretty place
like whenever you coming back from cold
that's plenty way to Ted tiny came here
is that satanic over there there's a
ferry you can take the ferry or the
motorway oh my god is a rainbow and
everything
rainbows see fairies cruise ships and
that's not a cruise ship tanker thank
you very much er I think she does have
like a stomach pain or something because
she keeps crying out like just at
certain times she'll just cry out or
shapes you know I get uncomfortable and
the doctor yesterday said he didn't
think she did have any what I think she
actually does just like little spas
anything so we had her little pepper
pigs around here but then she got that
opportunity
I'm hating what we're waiting for dad
cuz we were told that we could give her
lollipops they have to be like the plane
you know like the ones that you would
get in the dump at the doctors and they
used to give them at the dentist to our
river but just the kind of glass ones
and Jonathan said he could only find
like that kind of chunky ones you know
the ones that are like sweets well
that's not what we need so I told him to
go look in the chemist but we'll see as
he cheated I was on hunt for agent to
try and get these little factors here a
lollipop
it's a glucose lollipop oh hey go huh
maybe I'll have one of em - I bought
tatted everyone's like what Eve
like that with the trickery yeah from
the chemists yeah didn't I just tell
them to pass go Tony so like you know
like chocolate ones are different type
ones you know and I went in a healthy
place to you said but she had like funny
ones she was like I'm gonna be tried a
chemist yeah you know and then they had
them they only had a pot like kids like
Jeremy lollipops she was like she took
that the pods like you want a lot it was
like 15 cent deep surgeons party hey
good for you guys behaving for Mom I
heard on the phone
oh my hair just on the phone
well look who's up in about huh look
who's up in overhead
what are you watching Bianca Oh see that
cortisol is on you - I have a baby puke
in me hair oh jeez
hey helper alright let's add a spoonful
of olive oil mix the chicken a little
bit of a soy sauce we're gonna do do
straight to rock ribbon rice easy freezy
noodles nice with a blackberry sauce
okay black bean sauce black breeze
collecting the blackberries up I know
here mrs. mrs. faker I think immunity is
actually faker hello hi you feeling
better
whoa even yesterday nurse wasn't running
around like this you know maybe it was
the lollipop huh you like the lollipops
yeah I do feel better after lollipop I
feel better after lady but I'm so happy
you're feeling better friend hmm
I'm so happy - Peters better get your
finger out your ear mm-hmm like it's
stuck in there hey hey so we gave her
some yogurt because she stole my dinner
she just came over and put her hand in
and took a handful of my dinner and I
was like oh God against the rules
friends so it's supposed to be milk
today you can have yogurt give her some
yogurt
mm-hmm so we gave her okay so you were
yogurt
I didn't probably over about ten minutes
or slowly gave it to her
oh yeah yeah yeah I know it's even from
our Freight yeah you know so we'll just
monitor her now and see it had any
effect they decided we're never ever
going to another ball pit again all
right
never again broke our child
stupid socializing we're gonna
immediately now live in a bubble because
we've been testing out loads of those
play area things and it was the last
thing she did and she must have gotten
there and she doesn't understand what's
going on like I just feel like she went
and is struck down it's upside that's
some kind of debate you know cuz they're
normally in likes if she fusses like
this you kind of go give her a few
minutes it's like oh yeah but now I'm
like I don't know there's levels of
crying that we are aware this is not
good that's more of a fussing then it is
an actual crying you know what's going
on over here okay they just watched baby
cards version of do you want to build a
snowman
no princess I'm Beth Beth that's me
it's actually amazing though isn't it
it's really cool and I'm just evening
watching or like much Amelia do not one
day like whatever frozen seven or
whatever like he's really cute
now that's that's it that's it all right
I'm gonna go
that's the escalated situation
so a bad time was short-lived
but look how happy she seems huh
you working on your laptop editing your
videos she's just realize you had that
it's supposed to so much older it's
maybe it's better to say no but look
who's feeling up to it
he's much happier huh
maybe Diogo that's good you know maybe
Yoga is good
let's hope tomorrow because Monday's if
you're not better by Monday you don't
know you don't know what's going on to
meet me here
wicked night night dear friends here's a
name it's your night I did the bye-bye
thing he came that was amazing say bye
bye bye bye Watson ready press the key
Amy Amy this lazy baby a baby is way too
busy right now huh you guys tomorrow
hopefully you have a 100% healthy baby
and and there's one step closer and you
know what you know what's interesting
we're gonna have to go through this all
again what's your man but at least once
you do at least it won't be when it
happens I'd be like I am I know what the
deal is I know what the deal is I'll
open kisses happy I love which is like
your happy sell yourself yeah you don't
have any gastrulation
nickel
laughs an aesthetic are you laughing at
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
