you're open to bed oh it is you Merry
Christmas mom
good morning my friend my little
friendliest friend
hi there friendliest friend huh how are
you feeling huh poor little munchkin and
more of the slippy sloppy boo-boos huh
hey don't push her over but you don't
want it you don't want it now on it go
it's really funny though no one she's
really you know in kitchen be like kind
of like sick and mixed I was hard you
wish you just all like literally what
it's really nice because we brought her
into her bed this morning and then she
just like cuddled up beside me and just
like my back asleep I was like it was
really nice like I don't want you to be
sick but I like the tunnel in aspect
I like the cuddliest because memory
she's like she's a real wild thing
mm-hmm
without any little pajamas huh you're
gonna happen your pajamas with a little
fish hope that little Pacey huh I bet
didn't know Ichi well there's something
wrong with your body beds alright but
you know what is your first time getting
sick
so we'll just go make sure oh look a
nice sky I'm nuts I was hoping to get in
the bike later
how's the media back there I don't blame
her
yeah more sleep as well a little best
we're taking off just giving her a
speedy fellow shouldn't
this makes miracle go round or make the
miracle go down
and slow too so confusing you never know
where you're going these days getting up
anywhere
get a little siren in your head first
time your child gets vomits is a it's
very stressful I think we were both up
like all night long every few hours
she's checking in on her just to make
sure she's okay
three stressful to you even when she
show up and she's just standing there
looking at you throwing up just like
nothing I do for you it'll be better but
now hopefully she's over that part and
now she's just got after your tummy or
something we'll find out momentarily as
soon as these lights go green everything
will be better
so for me
gasps throw rightist oh no wait yeah I
guess that's right this is what's that
letter there's an insane row
Castro's room gastroenteritis Castro's
we'll just call it gastro straightest um
yeah he knew what it was like as soon as
he with that even prodding her that's
not the worst part
yes so the cure he gave us like a little
routine of what we have to do um we have
to starve for three days and I'm like
are you serious like I couldn't do that
you know well I suppose if you were
really sick you're actually put or
without even thinking about it so
hopefully it goes easy easily but we
have to say one of the cures you can't
and we we couldn't get all these we are
we're giving her can use flat seven up
boom cure for everything in Arden flat
seven others so we have to get her
rehydrate or die die are light and
alright at first we will get both of
them since sometimes they don't like one
yeah I think you can get like black hurt
flavor you're talking about you that's
just water yeah but um and then day two
we do like half strength milk and then
day three full strength milk and then
day four we introduce solid so that's
one day one day which seems like crazy
and and even though she's not a 3 day
juice box I know right that's what she's
on detoxing I the first thing
oh yeah and then he said if she's really
wanting food or you know you can't you
have to be really strict and not give it
to her like
so hard especially the last day with the
appetite is returned yeah he said on day
three you might be able to give her
yogurt
he said yogurts the best thing and not
to give her too much any like on viber
because I mean I in my head I'm thinking
like oh obviously starting around
Weetabix but no that exact you back my
daughter we gave her the special juice
from Walker Mama's last night which is
like fortified and rich in like by fiber
yeah
and she just puked it everywhere she
didn't meet anything like job has a tiny
penis but he said that's good like she
shouldn't need anything so poor opinion
was our first experience and she was
crying when I was like I can't handle
stuff like that so I just always sit in
the corner and like cries I would say to
myself but Jonathan has to take her like
four shots or injections or anything
like that and so he had her on the table
and he was just prodding on her stomach
to see you know to check for her skin I
guess her football I was very good to be
like emotional that's what necessary I
like well done
I was just like sitting there going like
pull it together everything's okay I
trust my doctor obviously a hundred
percent but you know she's really hard
to hear her crying when so going you
know happening to her and I'm like woo
but she was really good
slaving away here slaving away all right
watching some Irish shows he's almost
ready input yeah alright bye I gotta
cheat on first all right
he they know Harris this goes on the top
that's too big so we are watching well
I'm watching the Kardashians amelia is
taking her lucozade sport which is very
good because she wouldn't drink up
before you're kind of worried but she
drank a bit earlier too before her big
long nap
I mean she's really sleepy and snuggly I
feel so bad for her Jonathan just went
to the shop to get some gaviscon or any
for me because my heart burns killing me
today it's like could things go
anywheres do they like what is up with
this whole situation anyways so I'm here
with my little snuggle army of Duggar
friends this hasn't it mmm
I'm so afraid she's gonna be sick alone
me though I can't tell you guys how many
times I've changed her not today but
recently like over the past like since
yesterday
can we changes it close she's had
oh whoa whoa hello fortunately
unfortunately it's funny you know am I
saw a lot of sentences with its kind of
funny
so just as always a Hagin sound
liggett's stroke in the noggin
the Nagas tongue another knock knock
song I sing hashtag that song haha
you guys always treat me whenever I joke
about say stuff like arts a bleedin
starry amount of tweets I gotta buy that
you guys are awesome you go and you are
my best friends cheers it you are so I'm
gonna have to get analyst mm and think
for heartburn some nasty heartburn so I
to drive to say Randy and on a second
so that readies over resent yeah I'm
here as the II saw her again I'm gonna
get a couple of different selections
sounds like why would you suffer -
heartburn if you don't have to
this is 2027 don't you know what you
told us till 2014 where are you laughter
you like that you being a good girl
drinking your juice she hated the Dro
light or whatever it that I tried to
humor kids basically just salt water
like I would say it is gross but and I
don't really blame her
we're Koblin her and so bad right now
it's just like acid anyways um so the
only thing she likes is them because
they've sport and the doctor said that
probably would happen the other thing we
can give her is flat 7up but you have to
boil it first to get the fizz out of it
so the pharmacist said that um because
it's Borton asleep the same thing but
it's flavored so the Chuikov ii actually
like that she probably like 7up - she's
never had 7up before or any soft drinks
for that matter but we'll see she seems
to like this a lot hmm you perking up a
bit
I got a few smiles out of her sauce I
know she's not totally totally bad
you're so cute alright so we're trying
to get Amelia to drink this but she is
not really enjoying it
I don't dad or so president de Parma see
today I got a few different selections
of different flavors to see see if she
likes it see what he suggested was it
doesn't work using this because it's at
like fat to have an open set that said
there's no actua fizz and it has the
electrolytes in all the new coats and
stuff - she's missing book before you
put her for the bed I'm gonna see if I
can get her to drink 200 mils dish stuff
and see if we can it hydrator because
that's like that's the worst thing this
second half in years she'll get
dehydrated and then you have to go to
hospital and you'll put on a drip I will
not be fun mmm what's that
do you want some Bernard Oh yum I had
that special juice special juice you
can't have that Amelia that's for baby
I'm Toni for baby mm-hmm
drink up now is it good is it good
that's a new position that's where she
yeah look it's black turned essentially
salt and water so I don't blame her
don't don't he'll do tea oh that's not
for you look at her going for the cream
egg you can't have the green light
friend I'll tell you why you drink this
I'll give you a cream egg little hand
little friendliest friend a friend is
friend a port in your ear good job you
foot oh I know what's up winsome mmm key
oh it's not for you okay
I'm glad to see the air back to your
cheerful self maybe just have a little
bit just a little bit of juice just a
little bit of cheese oh and I'm gonna
understand Andre knees and you reckon
yeah whoo I also bought the other one I
don't wanna camera was called gaviscon
but we're gonna yeah on tiny tiny Tiger
friend oh we also watch the full amber
thing the end is a bit I don't know the
end is a bit weird I don't kind of say
in case you've been saving enough to
watch it and it's only on Irish
television so but am i just i just
thought the end was a bit I don't know
if you've watched em word um it's in
comments below what you taught the
ending once I just thought it was a bit
inconclusive
you know hi okay this is it friend here
we go forbidden juice okay this one you
can't have that one that one's for big
girls you can't have that one okay this
isn't interesting which anyone with that
you are troublemaker I'm glad to see
you're open to bash Oh Merry Christmas
mom you know if she's just you know
because everyone just hit the like
button now what happened everyone just
the like button then you cheered up no
one it's okay you meant that water all
right we better go friends say thank
your friends say thanks for saying nice
things
oh my god
my voice is lost you're such a weirdo I
don't know you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
