okay just as actually said that oh god
no no I don't know just just as I said
that I was lying here cuddling her and
it it it ended up bad for me
you
I don't want to have to carry you
because you're big girl now
okay let's get dressed
yeah who's coming later is oh my come
here is oh my coming Amelia can you say
oh ma
you say oh my oh my oh she just said it
she was like she calls her a man who oh
my oh my
oh she won't do it I can't work she was
saying it earlier she was like cuz her
ma ma ma o ma I told her she was coming
she got all excited started saying her
name so I was supposed to have mom's
club this morning we haven't had mom's
Club in a really long time because I
think it's been like 2 months or
something just because of Christmas and
everything thank you and this time of
year everybody seems to get sick and I
was just saying it you know and then I
was like I know I'm not completely over
my thing yet but I was just gonna you
know power through because things more
important for the baby's not to be sick
but one of my friends kids is actually
she has a cold and then the other one
had a rough night last night and it's
just like if there's always something
seriously um like the moms are always
fine but it's the kids that always have
and you don't want to pass on you know
germs to each other and oh it's really
difficult you jumping up and down on
mom's bed hmm boingy boingy boingy
boingy boingy boingy boingy vu we're
changing the sheets we changing the
sheets
you're gonna help mommy can I help let
me change the sheets oh don't fall
whatever you do don't fall oh oh oh he
loves it can and herself in the man huh
hey get boingy boingy
hey has arrived
the free food brigade has come what is
the future who gave bring us whoa
jeepers
last time you came we got little tiny
ones we do better this time
we got upgraded what what if we got this
one it's in this cui she goat cheese
Rosen's rule they Champy Spanish oh
hello what are these calls I never seen
these before let's punish gets an orange
cake cake
grazie what were you saying sighs no
gratia gratia gratia nada de niro
glasses let me go
Taco Bell anyway and you guys Spanish
you know what these cakes are if they
got carrot or something
Oh oranges nice the Spanish market you
get a cat which one you want you want
the goat cheese roast peppers spinach
red onion coriander eggs cream and
seasoning or big-time cheddar cheese and
onion holding mustard tomato relish
shakes Queen and seasoning
those dang canal be problem trials
creating quick wish which Quigley Cui's
to an acquittal increase to an acquittal
equi huh mom's leaving mom's abandoning
us abandoner wow that's what from is it
I place there
oh no I hear that okay how is it well
that's um Peter only interested in the
case and I actually I only pretending
your interest in the tarts huh
leave a comment if you are in charge
give your phone number to boom boom boom
boom boom boom
dum bom bompa bom bom bom bom bom one
one one one one the funny everyone had
their different techniques and i always
can look like weeds her story and put
her like puts her to bed awake and then
she goes to sleep herself whereas my
technique is that we put on the music
ah so I always do I always wait oh she's
asleep fully on me and then I put her
down but both of them both of them with
the same rewards huh
okay I wish you were like both of them
there's just different ones Emilia
notice the difference your mom's way
that's way huh she couldn't ride a jet
engine
go ahead tell me hello now big time yes
mom's gonna answer
I just
hey-oh
so munchkin also I am okay now I'm the
blue one so Amelia just came into me and
handed me this our job is to find out
where this belongs to because as you can
tell it's one of these these appear to
me all clear this one's been missing for
a while now so it's not that one but
after everything else everything no
where'd you get it from where'd you put
that back put it back where you got it
put it back where you got it go put it
back with what what did you wait over
for the bike I did not know it was
coming from there and his amazing friend
I did not tape us no yeah but like okay
that's dangerous but I actually I walked
in here and I looked at everything I did
not see that one and I gave it to her oh
my god no it's so cool no I didn't
actually she just turned red and put it
on hello smarty pants nah she's hit
series open well thanks a lot Fred
hi wanna play the guitar
I'll play the guitar wanna go come on
plan show follow me you play it
what oh nice going
nice Wow
cool dude go dude a little rock and roll
huh Little Rock the ruler one rock and
roll
you're a rock and roll oh you rock
Amelia Amelia Amelia look
theta theta oh look at our delay I get
there's just something going on here
with the police
mm yeah I'm say already he's a truck or
something truck problems well I think it
was the one car over Harry with Humphrey
yeah oh but everyone you know everyone's
like looking over at it yeah that's what
it was
so no one's actually moving forward all
right on race lap traffic
I thought we were gonna miss our mamas
go go go I don't want my I don't want no
cold katsu chicken to go I had a good
idea for a name for our kid I think we
should call junior dear Lisa I think
olive elysium elysium easier now we kind
of a cool I know
the tallest building in the world
Ciccone : calm for joke Dakota UK Jersey
actually you know what if he's actually
born listen to me okay if he is born in
the 17th of March right yeah with doors
if there's a percentage of chance that
he's gonna be born in 17 marks right
yeah my name is Jonathan Patrick
Patrick's Day what the mental oh yeah
tons of people
what oh he's one of kind of taken know
yeah but my name is Jonathan Patrick I
mean what do you think that look at her
fasters yeah that's funny when you see
Bridget Jesus wait is that the first of
March or something oh when you make the
Bridget scoffs no February right it's a
bit late I've been in school in like I
haven't made a Bridget's cross we've
gotten to the admittance and Bridget's
cross when Mark again
oh just in time I look so good in it
actually just see it actually smell it
and I was so cool that she's only just
the oven and putting it in the bags
aren't even in the bags yet because
normally we wait like 20 minutes and
then head up we just hang up
straightaway but having to wait at our
boom begin close my door for the first
game oh my goodness you actually like
your mom was just frying it yeah it's
like so fresh suppression so clean clean
hi you excited for your baby katsu curry
Oh
how does he not on work oh good stuff
good stuff is in here lads
hot stuff is inside good stuff Hot Stuff
Hot Stuff what you get um yeah
Jackie oh yeah I never heard that one
that's a happy that's her one yang bong
artist either a rat sauce she'll need it
oh I don't get enough hmm it's so good
we got some of the famous juice
it's the best juice in the world YUM
some comments if you'd like some which
one you want we shouldn't here ones draw
mine is not Mike
oh no tragedy so just as that she'd I
don't even think she added a long a
llama
yeah just like oh my god so we've
experienced our first projectile
vomiting situation oh my god it's like
it was like you saw it I didn't see it
just screamed we just like exploded I
know you're screaming event you all
right Oh aren't you so drained and worn
out now okay on the tree you know what
it's like your first time your child
gets sick you feel like oh my god it's
all gone wrong we ruined her everything
why Mayans okay you could spin around me
you still see wiki he says it book you
huh okay okay hold it son serious is it
a monster man stick your finger in is
that your finger and is that I know you
know me again give me a little bit keep
goes in the water I don't have to get
dehydrated until she's underwater
guzzlin hopefully hopefully she's got
all the sick out you know she got
happier than she do minute I gotta -
yeah but then she went back again on my
hair yeah it was a second signal it's
not in the morning
no no she gets a second that looks like
what a munchkin
right we should leave with our folks mmm
okay Emily nice comments when you know
about the power of common power of
carbons and prayers and hope and
loneliness and nice talks and positivity
mm-hmm no you see me be better tomorrow
mm-hmm how's that bye bye
hi friends bye okay just as I actually
said that
Oh God
I don't know just just as I said that I
was lying here cuddling her and it it it
ended up bad for me for a movie yeah
okay for me tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
