Hey it's so weird
no it's completely out it's like a big
like spiders on him hello hello hello
hello hello
the cleaners are here working hard come
on get to work
chop-chop Tiffany chop-chop go on your
door oh yeah such a seat pal that one
now lady you can hold a real one
can we give it a real one
oh what's that
get it yeah
back to work so my cold has the cowards
son wearing a scarf no hopes and the
scarf will rectify the situation
hmm is it gonna rectify the situation
oh no poor Jean post ruffles Oh
shuffle shuffle shuffle huh pedido hey
sneaker sneaker Steen oh thank you mr.
pen to go with that thank you very much
well I'm gonna get down to work I'm
gonna get down to work friend who's a
pretty girl are you all dressed in
Minnie Mouse today hmm you're so cute
okay
now mommy needs to get dressed but it
won't be as cute or as matching oh
what's that is that your slipper what
are you putting your hand in your
slippers
hey is it a glove no is it a mitten no
dear world I have a proposal due to the
success of a pizza party Friday night
and sweaty subway Sunday's
I was thinking how about we made some
sort of a a gentlemen's agreement upon
ourselves people of the world that we
will stay that if somebody is feeling
ill under the weather feeling just a
little bit pooper-scooper that they are
permitted to wear track suits and
slippers and pyjamas all day long even
when they go to supermarket drops itself
here's the catch
nobody's allowed say willy-nilly silly
to them that is my proposal to the world
in the comments correspondence
hard exactly below I am wearing
tracksuit slippers and I'm going to sand
trap and I'm gonna check my I'm gonna
check my theory see people uh I'll just
sneeze just me that many would look to
me funny I'm gonna sneeze on them and
take a couple of days you're gonna be
sick friends let's see how you feel
about it that's punishment for not
abiding by the world you couldn't sneak
on you
excuse me haha Logan's we're having we
having way too much fun together friends
okay Sandra wooden way we live today I
feel so huge I think it might be this
top too but like I just feel like this
book is massive actually I don't know if
we updated you guys or not but the
doctor asked me um yesterday he was like
what do you think
size-wise like what do you feel like I
was like well I feel a lot bigger you
know obviously you can't say not the
entire time but I just and I know that's
like common with your second pregnancies
to to feel bigger but I've heard of
people that have had like say a boy
first that's being no a girl yeah no a
boy first and that's being like they're
bigger pregnancy and then they have a
girl second and it's a much smaller one
so I've heard of it the opposite way too
you know so I just mentioned that to him
so he measured and he's measuring like
he's measuring perfect but he's
measuring I think a week in two days or
a week and a day or something um ahead
bigger so he is bigger than Amin yeah
because at this stage last time um he
had wanted to check her size because she
was measuring quite small now she turned
out average like when she came out she
was 703 so I don't know we don't
obviously we don't have that problem
with him so I just think he's not
measuring huge or anything like that but
I definitely think he's gonna be bigger
and I just I feel big like I feel like
how much bigger am I gonna get I feel
like uncomfortable now where if I have
to bend down or if I drop something it's
almost like I want to scream because I
hate having to bend over and it hurts my
back and her and I'm just like one of
those cranky pregnant women that are
like oh of so many aches and pains which
I didn't have any backache last time you
know sometimes at night it's so hard to
get comfortable like last night I
couldn't sleep I was tossing and turning
and get comfy but you know it's just
different it's just so so different I
know I've said this from the beginning
what are you seeing you talking to
yourself I need to make this bed alright
we're getting ready what are you doing
she's so clever so that thing it's like
you know it's broke wasn't broken but
it's just it needs to be screwed in and
the handle and she knows to put it back
in and she knows how to do it and how to
get it like precisely in the hole she's
pretty clever she found it in the closet
over there and then she brought it over
and like fixed it for me I was like oh
thank you
Thanks so this keeps happening huh we're
not bouncing once more
Leah had the worst night of her life
last night what I'm saying no sad yeah
it was pretty bad
see now stomp scene up stop it okay it's
okay okay
you it whatever my enjoying the fun he's
going oh I don't wanna get my feet back
his vibe now hi I'm ray today doing
ideas you know
hey keep it down get us some dinner
undergo busy ready committees actually
pretend evening young momentum among
them mmm mmm yeah
quantum you're like that one
we lay that one she like proper eating
it though but and eating it well once
again the cup it's in the company yeah
dip it in the cup and then eat it
yeah exactly
good girl good girl huh oh yeah
riot what I mean is just not in the best
of humor oh you sad you don't look sad
which you are sad just so just worn out
or something I think it's good last
night though you know that might have
been a diarrhea sickie situation and
look he's not even right just put the
wash on I smelt it again on this yeah to
make sure of area so like it smells like
bio oil okay well I'm gonna make some I
face the best to buy no I'm gonna make
some meat the bones some meatballs and
pasta you like a meatball and pasta
surprise oh yeah check out my goulash is
that I did it a fake goulash I kind of
say if something is just like money
together like this I'll just call it
goulash it's not actually glass but I
just call it whoever because that's how
my brain works I say fun things but it's
not a cure it's not like you owe me tell
me that let's yummy I think I look yummy
is it me this plate although I don't
know how much this is gonna eat huh oh
you want some Dindin friend
oh you got a runny nose you got Petey's
coming out you got an upset tummy this
is the worst day of your life hmm that's
the baby first baby well your hands are
cold sorry I was in the back Nina Nina
play the music she baby in there oh
don't beat him up your baby girl
hey guys at the doggy Oh two brothers in
here juniors in here he's coming soon
hmm
you're gonna get the shock your life
friend hey so weird
no it's completely out that's like a big
like spiders on him
hello hello hello hello oh okay okay
hello yeah me yeah yep it never off
spooked huh
shaking disease you got the baby baby
you're gonna see him oh my goodness
we're gonna see him so soon
oh dang he's almost unfriend me ten
weeks well I think it's going to be less
I know you going insane we should set up
a poll right everybody right leave a
comment of what date pick a date not the
due date big another day I know it's
like totally right never pick a date
pick a week pick a few day between like
you know so I'm gonna pick this day well
I don't really think it yes
it's my uncle's birthday okay and he's
no longer on this earth so I just hate
repeats night movie cool hey come on
I think you'll be coolest rule for
day 4 is the 22nd the 22nd of March
yeah ok 22nd of March I'm gonna say I
know what the due date is 22nd is a good
one it's very close you know my mom
would be really happy my grandmother as
well that's what I'm saying may be kinda
nice to bring but happiness too yeah you
know cause he passed away I'm gonna say
in-between I'm gonna give a week I'm
gonna stay around I think iti was gonna
say like the 20th yeah like when that
big twin set yeah I'll be like doesn't
know I would be surprised like Oh it'll
be nice leave comments of what right and
then we'll pick a date and we'll go back
to this video like and whenever junior
comes and then we'll come back to this
video and we see if anyone gets it like
so if you want you can leave a very
specific date or you can leave a sort of
around that time AZ April Fool's Day
April Fool's Day be hilarious a bit my
brother my godson and gentlemen poor
never fool sake but I was saying you
know it was born April Fool's Day and I
blew up the video saying like no you're
not gonna believe me you're like Oh
typical jokey jokes are like no
seriously we had the baby you know but
even if you are tweeting like I know or
even be born like April 2nd but an April
Fool's I'm like oh my god Anna's in
labor I was like blah not a chance
but then they won't know what I know I
know if he isn't here by then that's
like you although he is a jokey jokes
jr. it will be very right if Joby jokes
is born April 1st but there's always
give or take yeah
but your due date huh no deal deal
who's this yeah who's that is that geo
yeah yo she have her boy then she
brought me her beau we should trade and
I put on us and oh you're so pretty
cheese like she was so after this up
pretty good right yeah cool dude or
pretty girl pretty girl yeah we'll leave
it out there now I'm not putting your
back into the fridge because I direct
you drank way back in orange juice my
voice is going right put in the
microwave alright Catherine radiation
and let's take a pizza in there later on
to be at hungry see ya tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
