hello and welcome and not welcome the
feast of all we are just back from a
meet and greets today the first book
tour and he keeps it very excited and
are trying things everywhere but during
the course of this meet-and-greet thing
because we're traveling the country it's
gonna be pretty hard to keep the flocks
up in order and everything to the baby a
big mess
but I'm hoping you guys are okay with
that could you just please stop going
everything everywhere anyway so it's
like you better watch is from home
location day is the day that the vlog
actually kicked the vlog it's a day to
book actually came out a couple of days
ago very exciting and so much fun today
we met like oh hardened rent upon
billions it's also like people in blue
are Ken today and amazing if you were
there hello thank you so much for coming
if I'm seeing you on a book tour thank
you so much if you if you want to check
Ciccone Jolie's on Twitter I have
another Twitter account I use as a
community account just Ciccone only
accidental journeys you can see is
that's tweeting all the pictures from
today no no she's not anyway I want you
to join us blog the way he enjoyed his
blog and yeah and I'm just gonna take
you are there any way this is
publication de France and Oh see you
later
enjoy our to be correct
ladies and gentlemen presenting your
published author publication day
publication a little hand stick their
publication a bump-bump tentative
publication a how do you feel that your
daddy is a published author how do you
feel about that fact
do you have no feelings do you have no
feelings do you have no feelings
hello doggies ah what a lovely
publication de weather we're having
today
come along duckies you've been published
people know your stories now right we
are filming a new little intro we're
gonna film something today Diddy oh no
what who's all these people guys what
did she don't step on them okay be very
careful okay what are you gonna tell
mommy oh I need flip-flops I think I her
John's alright no go back inside guys
that funny
it's done
me as Amelia wants a new be strong
Oh ballast ringing is that the Amazon
man that seems too big
oh my goodness look what the publishers
just sent me oh my goodness I better not
drop it I think an actually alright you
need to see this guy's a giant catnap
cake guys don't touch it
hey can we open it and read the pages
now we can how cool is that though we'll
have that for pudding Louie
how's the basket here she's fight this
case by fighting this cake no no don't
go picking the tasty Eduardo get your
hand out of the box right we've got some
backup here
they want to be in it you can go in the
all the way in the back here in the
corner do you guys have something to say
to me congratulations published author
well thank you okay yo you'll find my
emails to be better
oh yeah proper pronunciation and
everything to noon Oh Vienna
what site was Jonathan oh it feels like
a picture
what is the guy's a big picture picture
we have a wall full of bees yeah cake
and Frank
now these comments what we met have to
receive a frame picture of your book
like a cup your vote but cheers everyone
we have come to build even though we
were here last night you come back here
again for a chicken burger right we have
come to as dad and we're bringing the
kids and the kids don't know the cat
enough is in here so I'm hope I hope
there's some actually left but we're
gonna go in here and I want to see their
reactions to see the book there I don't
know what they're gonna think they might
try and steal them because they're so
used to seeing him at home and take like
but that they have that book anyway okay
what's happening oh hello didn't that's
not what we're here for it wardo oh wait
yeah keep going this way
possibly
does anyone know what actually
oh come on about Halloween stuff the
hanging section is really good here come
on this way just get in here first guys
what's that yeah okay hey I wonder
there's any good books here
hey what no no no let's go somewhere
else okay what's happened here
Eduardo what's happened here I leave you
for chance ask up for five seconds we're
just we're just basically gonna be
walking back and forth Oh cut your hair
hit you here Amy yeah Melia now there's
an e-book city-like have a look around
what is it what what what sir why is it
here guys whoa why is it here what this
is cool
all your friends would be able to get it
there's two of them
that's you never brother it you have a
good time
thanks so much for stopping by we'll see
you guys next time
else
okay I mean a lot is supposed to be live
in about 15 minutes out please hold with
the show and then we'll go okay bye
thanks for watching
