if you catch us did you got just we're
spying on ya you love this room yeah you
want to live here forever and ever
whoa good morning little friend you
having fun
Alexa Saturday morning cartoons bananas
in pyjamas bananas in pyjamas oh yeah I
made it a little bit better for them no
it's awesome oh my god dude are you
people in Ireland we'll get that this
used to be available and it is like the
best painkiller in the world ever right
and used to be available like shops and
we used to shop and buy it but about a
year longer ago the government decide to
outlaw because there's codeine in it and
there all right wait a second people are
like misusing it so it's pretty hard to
get now you can't actually get unless um
now prescribe the what made you case to
the pharmacist you know so am I actually
got something I was like nice so it's
like big free high I feel nothing
howdy that was totally worth all this
work and it's still asleep upstairs
Alan the media are going to a birthday
party today you go to a party party
party
oh my goodness a meeting to speak of the
nation tape as you put it around your
salad you I never measured mice I think
I've learned myself maybe she's just
cinching her waist he's cinching your
eyes friend so what do you know hey yeah
there mom whoa what I think
giant giant huh moms having a baby and
you feel about that
that was not my fault you practicing car
let's get to bed
she's gonna be your bedroom whoa whoa
whoa whoa once you get there get your
double we're putting a double arrow he's
a fire potion posting what she knows
initiative tutorial how I get that baby
look this could be your bad friend could
be your bed friend mama oh my god she
looked at your picture and said mama hmm
daddy took those pictures daddy made
this they never tell you that I made
this man what did I make this for your
22nd birthday oh happy 23rd birthday May
23rd this is written on it
love Jonah's and x-x-x I gave your tree
axis that's how much I loved you back
then tree X's worth of love like this
maybe should do like it's rough let me
show you a trial knife something - no
I'm getting her the bed at the bar is
sorry she don't want a meal take them
off
you're with Jonathan right and you heard
a big bump in the night a bump in the
night you would feel so bad yeah she
doesn't mean it'll be cool she could get
out of her bed in the morning computer
toys she can it doesn't have parts all
the way around
oh he's got bars up to a certain point
just our rolling airs yeah I thought
they were locking her in it's a single
nowadays most mornings no she wakes up
one kind of plays her toys I know she
loved this room I
like all the makeup and stuff a mm-hmm
and I put in like her toys and stuff and
I probably move the bed against the wall
one side again so off
look at you Melia can I wake your nose
you know kooky you need a water right
though it's it's kind of a crusty crusty
starts you I'm like cupcake gosh you
look so grown up though so when we
support her in here for the walls and
she'd be like tiny do the same for now
would you yeah yeah maybe a longer just
because then you've got one side protect
it you know
spy
if you got that is you got just weird
spying on ya you love this room
yeah you want to live here forever and
ever
you can I usually belong in here hmm
sleepy singing dog makes me beating
enough you know that's in oh goodness
I have enough she's taking the bike out
of the car since when I got the brakes
actually prepared because then I went to
the dentist thing and then they said
don't do any exercise that might cause
excessive blood clotting or whatever so
I yeah I think it's time I catch the car
okay
okie dokie friends actually I should
probably test to make sure the back
parts actually work let's go please get
ready for the birthday party huh
who's that who's that pretty girl who
who is it come here come on I have a
really cute outfit picked out for you
nuts when we see your cute outfit come
on
I actually do it's kind of um it makes
made-up outfit cuz they're just took
things from her closet that I thought
would work together a bit cold though so
we're gonna have to find something to
put on top this is what she's wearing
tights onesie and a skirt come on stay
in here for now I know this is a boring
room I haven't actually been out in in
my car in a couple of days you know
because I'm when I got this done and
then when I got the bike then right but
you know hilarious right I haven't
booked in for all the Archie
look at this like so super annoying
right both stores boats doors but
luckily on these keys on a wrong one we
actually hold this little button here at
least this opens my old cars where I am
at least you could put the key in but
all these new cars they just there's so
many so much technology on board that it
doesn't do anything
you know I mean thankfully you can press
that button and all the windows go down
so now what I'm welcome to the car just
hold the button install it with nothing
there like that's a strange way again in
your mobile rain-cooled air fron oh
great
money trick today is that I'm trying not
to open on this side is cool I think
it's this side because take where's she
signed her name it's all cut along here
my lips are chapped and separates I'm
trying to if I just try and talk like
this then you can you guys have a good
am a good remedy a good technique for
him healing the inside of your mouth I
read online people are saying that when
I was my first mistake never read
medical advice online it's the worst
mistake of your life but I'm they were
saying that if you swoosh water and salt
apparently and it helps with the heating
process but it's just it's all right in
here it's like and every time like if I
laugh alright
ah you're breaking the skin and then it
takes much longer to repair so if you
have any em like you have any F tips and
tricks feel free to drop them in the
correspondence below correspondence
section below
all right I got some em that's Corman's
really we got recommended totes
recommend it and I got some mini rose
supplies girls good cuz they're soft and
luscious
siliceous South delicious delicious how
cute doesn't media look right now it's a
little skirt it's actually six to nine
months but I think her auntie Ruth got
it for her when she was born
she just never wore it because she never
grew into it until now hi you want that
one you are my cupcake she's got a
matching bow downstairs yeah up with it
these are the two her two favorite books
right now yeah yeah okay well we go
downstairs
well that's gross
no no no no no yucky yucky yucky that's
yucky
okay let's go downstairs you know what
time it is you go Amelia right Amelia
you go there you carry you die no no no
no don't open it
you have to bring that carry it in your
hands
nope don't open it I think I won't bring
it look how nice he unwrapped it like a
spark lit up stuff is can you guys see
oh you're gonna have a good party party
party party
hmm last chance
no stay down happy birthday the special
moms tub me so jealous
I know if they opened it you better open
it a little bit this is going to be
disgusting but to sue I might have some
sore so I'm gonna try this this
is salty hot enough too hot
yes yes it is hot water salt and it's
gonna warm water
Oh
is it better they feel worse
getting off the pickup antenna really
like my attire hello no wonder Saturday
night I'm disappearing
do you love that chair do you love that
chair is that your chair there's a lot
of competition for this chair huh did
you base care we should get you a little
chair like that friend no need you're
like one mom's in there so I was trying
to think of what other soft foods would
be a good thing for me to have and then
I talked to myself well why not the old
vegetable patch the old patch of
vegetable slabs sure Amelia's been
having a party all day
I don't be having a party all day try
might as well have my selves in
McDonald's partay what's this what's
going on here let's get on here folks
may be long nothing to see here
over largest people trying to get the
food is people trying to get a little
bit of munch munch of the crunch even
like a nice chicken legend
no cheeseburger with all those happy
people in there look at them all happy
no I'm happy kids are having McDonald's
I want to be happy I want to be one of
those happy people my thoughts
I'm loving it ok I think it's about time
young lady you got yourself a happy meal
happy happy times in the happy studio
calm
we should water oh you got a toy though
he's Tom and Jerry it looks like Tom and
Jerry he liked the water to mow that was
a trick who's a test pilot please attack
ok you get some boy you toy with your
food this is the best day ever
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
