like in the one direction whichever
local people to owns they're always like
you know at the back of the oh yeah but
they don't have I mean it's got no soul
so much she's so cute
looks tasty where's my one no I don't
want one
it's annoying hang is like my entire jaw
seven hours of his name yesterday my
entire jaw is why it hurts to move it
every single tooth was like individually
I don't know his drills and stuff so my
entire mouth he's in so much pain but I
have not lost my appetite but I'm
starving everything I eat is painful so
I'm dancer like juicing and pureed fruit
but it'll be worth it I know they worked
it and all the pain subsides huh
but that looks pretty tasty friend I'm
like a limitation don't open my merry
dance work ah oh boy oh boy
all right up the food box a food bank
robbers buying bottle Bank including
Bank is not full
I might actually leave let me just jump
to a different conversation try and keep
up I may actually just leave some of my
myself on top on the top and get the
sides cut in because now I get the top
cut into but I don't know I have it this
is like the slippery slope for me like
I'll leave it on the table the table top
and then and then that mass starts
erupting again you know but um I want I
want the boy crowd
go get a haircut do you guys need a
haircut you may call me a haircut
I like cook your hair also anyone
thinking about going to at VidCon this
year or I was gonna say Sex in the City
some kind of the city I'll have a
definitive I'm pretty sure like we're
pretty set on doing I'm just I'm trying
to make sure that we got a name down
before I want to officially stand you
guys you know cuz I noticed somebody to
City tickets already gone on sale why am
i should hopefully the next few days
have the official not the official see
that I'm a you know a and and my Cartman
and juniors coming yeah isn't that crazy
the kid wasn't even a while he is alive
the game isn't even out here yet we've
already I've already gone up a seat on a
panel in a conference he's not even he's
not even here yet hurry up Junior okay
there's a lot of people waiting for you
don't delay right let's go goodbye
Amelia's baby shoes myself you seen a
magician and a musician they both make
magic huh yeah that was pretty cool
totally make that up just happen to be
anyway chopped off go get the drop off
it's now open till 11:00 so now 10:47
may not know they open didn't open till
11:00 so that's alright twenty ten forty
seven thirteen minutes
what with you for 30 minutes leave me
comments let me know your best idea of
what we can do for next 13 minutes
Amelia I realize you're very busy there
what you gonna play call of duty one
place and call of duty you won't pay
this one what we got one more call of
duty what's this one bar cry my phone's
ringing
alright hello
hey it was just my sister she's in court
you're gonna hear tug up I'm gonna hook
up an auntie Lea
got my bill bryson have you guys ever
listen to this or read this bill bryson
right I love
audiobooks right Bill Bryson's
audiobooks because look read by the
author they're the best kind
look we've got a couple more of them
here this one turn the ball kid highly
recommend it and they're here that one
is actually amazing to all of them all
of them
bleat look at this mess your friend look
at this mess
dad I and Bioshock you know what's funny
see the PlayStation 4 it was fun I
turned it off turn back on PlayStation
straight
there's no good game for it lads would
you ever get onto it and you guys any
you guys missed a PlayStation make us a
game really just like snoring oh she's
pulling this nuts it's nuts
so we're at the world's biggest Kosta
coffee in the entire earth isn't a point
that's the tallest building in the
parent isn't corn the biggest cup of
coffee coffee coffee
oh call for coffee
yeah my sister's in quark and she's in
at Middleton this morning at the
Jameson's experience I was like come on
you're way back he she's gonna it's
infinite the Blarney so I was like
that's a Louisville Arnie I was like
seeing like Austin they'll eyelids will
catch up and we're gonna have to dinner
with them tomorrow night right am I was
like come on ketchup ketchup ketchup
sionis taxi all the way feel important
it's not why you're a second Macario oh
yeah
nice friends
and we're gonna get all of these cakes
okay all these cases when you want them
when I find a good spot is the corner
spot the corner spots always our spot
right this time stay cool stay cool
don't let anyone know boom it's free no
chance for you though it's official
folks amelia is it official yes I'll
speak for Amelia but I'm officially tell
you guys now that we are going to be at
the Sex in the City event that's all I
keep saying cuz it's ICG you're actually
going to be at the summer in the city
this year so I know the tickets were
already on sale or people are like are
you guys gonna get myself we will be
there Anna will be there I will be there
Amelia will be there jr. will be there
what a knightly yeah that's probably not
you know but yeah how exciting is that
and there's a getting back to you at
VidCon and so I'll have it I'll have
confirmation about Big Pun as well for
them how much point is that gonna be huh
although it's like I think it's all this
so it's months away I think could be
tomorrow but I think it's August I'm not
sure I should probably look that up
whichever look at people zones they're
always like you know at the back of the
oh yeah I mean they've got no soul so
what she's so cute don't look at don't
look at the underneath they look like I
didn't see them
well we walk over you know like Taurus
oh yeah I just think it's nice big solid
bitter what what do you think friends
huh go find mommy look at this
Wonderland you've just cool goodness you
guys remember going to like furniture
shopping with your parents wasn't so
much fun like jumping on all the beds
and everything although it's you know
like a lot of the beds here I just
wouldn't even they're just like would
would I give a over them and you're
jumpin anyway come on we gotta go find
mom you there okey okey yogi you're
right it's her boys oh no this one this
one here me yeah oh look it's a pretty
bird okay that's not a good start
I'll have to get her some new bedding
like when she does get her bed yeah yeah
I know which bed I'm getting anyways
it's the one with that little M hanging
around it so you can't fall there isn't
it one of those higher ones with a
little no you can make it like that why
not you you can you can make it like
that off you build it
you build it yes and then you start out
with your little old friend I'm so cute
huh oh you want those loose
oh you want those ones which one you
want
ah now where did you get that from just
go put it in here it's a bit of what
there now it's gonna be the one there
now Baba um I don't think you should be
doing that she stole a key from
somewhere she just came walking with a
giant key in her hand like oh where do
you that road
Wow look at that room right there looks
like a car park jeez of assistance to
you Amelia
what are you doing in there come on come
on come on come on come on come here
oh yes
but don't take them off come here come
here
Amelia two days in a row I'm getting
catered for two days in a row
what have you got today pretty much the
same exact thing as last night okay
Zachary with different veggies
oh nice greensight herido and in deal
Val's Matty will go back some mathematic
rice I wouldn't suggest maybe right get
your hand and your glute get your heinie
you're ugly I am because did you update
them on the Cena situation today I did
today I was sneaking around the house
and I was watching Cena the big faker
hey Baker that's Anubis or what we were
talking about anyway like I bet you cuz
that I've actually she's just putting it
on right so we stood over there right
and we could see through the children
eat the table and you could see let's
see they're just like real friend and
just walk oh it's got me again right
good chance urban aims he's given up
you've given up t knees huh you've given
up attended say she's fine she's a finer
finer diner finer diner Gingka Oh point
the friend of your friends don't point
my friend Lea friends look what's
happened now Chuck what's happened now
oh all in all in oh is that for me what
happens it's all going wrong doggone
wrong thank you so I just
getting doing that she was over by your
guitar
yeah she literally like it was one of
those little mr. Kipling Bakewell slice
thingies and I just gave it to her as
her like dessert please I'm gonna make
her to say please but then she took it
and she went yeah it was like she was
like oh this is a special I need to
savor this to myself when did you know
she went into another room to enjoy it
and all the taunts went after but she
wasn't feeling like she's not stupid she
won't give them something if it's really
good but um yeah she was just savoring
it by herself behind by the guitar and
behind her cart look there hold on her
hands now let's watch your hand ease
laughing where are you going where are
you going did you have a bad time my mom
was it fun hmm
okay time for some zoo drugs it's the
drugs hey kids
drugs are bad oh these drugs are good oh
this is the new way taking drugs it's
all gone bet you out more that's it now
friend that's all she wrote no don't you
when you're sick so you need to go and
get sick again although she's at her
slip Elena's kind of stopped yeah this
might be it now okay for him the most
taking my few friends it's not as bad as
that cold
no yeah that crude that one went down
for like a while but this was a quick
one but everyone was saying this because
it's really damp or something at the
moment yeah yeah Suzanne said yeah
everyone was like oh the damp and it's
this time of the year that and I was
like oh yeah I totally what
what does down but it's got to you I
don't know because it gets in your chest
in your although it didn't get in her
chest don't think sit now don't it don't
do it don't do it think before you leap
night-night friends see what did you say
night-night then like you said
night-night I don't know thanks a lot
for watching our video presentation
please leave any correspondence below we
feel free to punch that like button
okay bye say bye hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
