what well I think I don't know baby are
the babies making noise come on guys all
Sposi doing this told oh hi baby how you
dawn
so you think six dogs be enough for
someone in their life what happens when
they get a sevenths dog hello hello
sevens doggie hey shiny lucky friend
Amelia wanted her own dog yeah you're
lucky last time seen I was being a she's
the mom yeah it had never been separated
so she gets on there oh like crazy but
this time
now these being good - it's fine it's
just Bianca sort of a hyper you get
excited again he oh then pays off of her
but never Gabby Gabby gab stir the G the
G dog oh geez out get out ho come up in
the place what do you think Emilia we
keep her Mikey what are you doing huh
boobies in there are like perfect dogs
in there buddy this I'm submissive
whatever whatever Gabby wants we're full
to the brim it's nuts
all right we're folderol pyramids nuts
mmm
one two three or if you like detail huh
we're gonna have a lucky thing five six
head or seven dogs in the house who let
the dogs out boy net huh you might need
a light snack friend is it snack time
hello
you know Hey no I'm peering through the
library you ever do that library Pierre
true and then see like a hot chick our
hot guy whatever and in the night I mean
I pretended to read a book like maybe
like walking along the library stalking
them then they see they meet up with
their boyfriend their life anyway she's
my pointer she's a professional pointer
if you ever if you guys ever need any
pointing pointers I'm pointing you guys
everybody pointing down pointing show me
head points give me a good point
show me a good point there's a point oh
yeah look at that finger go look at that
finger go follow my finger
hi little girl I mean I was just
watching pepper while I filmed in time
for like a little holiday editing
filming machine here okay sometimes like
I like Peppa Pig and all but sometimes
she drives me insane she does I feel my
brain like melting with the Peppa Pig
episodes and we're on season she has
season 4 now which is a relief because
we had like season 1 2 3 and it was just
like repeating or repeating and
repeating for ages and then we got
season 4 more like oh yes new episodes
so it wasn't boring and then now I've
seen too much of season 4 so we need
like a new season
what's wrong do you want this on
there you go I think there's like two
settings there you go
so we're gonna have some lunch Gabby
Gabby Gabby you look in the media's here
you look in the media's here your sticks
and you're such a cute girl yes yes you
go so Oh God letting the dogs in the
wrong way I can always tell it's like
how do you know hairdo moms always know
everything because they're smart I can
see the footprints the dogs are always
supposed to be let out that way
and let in that way because there's no
map this way which actually reminds me I
need to get mats so that's something
that I need to do actually how do you do
those things it's like every day so many
things to do and then stuff just gets
swept aside Oh
do you love her is she so cute
mm I give daddy a kiss yeah she's so
cute she is okay
Lester oh we do we do video video video
we decided we're gonna keep her secret
daddy she's really good crying I don't
want you to go she was so good because
now she's gonna get upset cause she'll
or maybe she's texting really not me bro
divide half of them gently give me a
good girl
well you cook girl you could grow even
incoming plane she should go and play
every day every day some people collect
stamps
my wife collects dolls yeah we decided
should
to get some dumb no subway ready to get
some subway subway sandwiches are so
succulent subway call me we can work out
a deal you're gonna remix sup sup sup
when Subway sandwiches is a will I might
there's always that chance know the tuna
actually Marky I always get the turkey
one day okay yeah okay
I always just get the turkey ones oh
yeah yeah and knowledge ease so Amenia
decided it would be a good idea if she
dumped all of her cutlery on the front
doormat right there just so when dad
walks in it's like in that movie I'll
have to call it home alone where he
places all the Christmas decorations
like crunched up you want to hit up okay
come here
you know when he places all the
Christmas decorations like smashed and
crunched up underneath the window and
then the burglar guy comes in and he has
bare feet or something and that sound
was so funny p√≠o
feel you are such look at you what
you're doing
see Albie is like her favorite because
she gets the most reaction at a rally
and then he o has become her second
favorite because she knows that he'll
growl okay
a lot of times Maltese if you know
anything about the breed they growl or
they it's not even a growl it's like a
play
noise that they make and it sounds like
Chewbacca but it doesn't mean that
they're like aggressive or anything it's
just like what they do they're just very
vocal dogs I don't know how to explain
but some people like that don't know
that I think what might yeah you might
think that's scary
what it's just more to us here's daddy
daddy just saying that she laid out on
her cutlery floor on the doormat and it
was like that scene in home alone oh
that's a creamy coffee how'd you like a
creamy coffee
I like creamy coffee at an entire subway
boom
she had a whole subway Jesus she's moved
on she's advanced gonna get your
footlong next time right yeah it's a
kids on I think it's four four five no
it's four inches then we got a six inch
and 12 inches is the butler but you had
a four inch or their first four inch get
the whole thing huh was it good
did your mother tell you don't play with
your food
I encourage playing with your food look
well I you know baby we are the babies
making noise come on guys let's go see
doing this doll oh hi baby hi your dog
how you doing boy get the light for ya
hold on you know Oh hold your eyes hey
you know maybe whoa that's why did you
have a good trip hmm can we go sleep
against mushy peas you can't specially
based on me little chick ears those ears
seem okay
hey pull one off come on come on no you
have to come out and say hello
come on no no no I see up there I see
you and you see here oh here now - how
are you doing Oh neat your hands let me
go downstairs to mommy were we supposed
to meet the ball my little trick right
get your meatballs chop them in half and
they've we roll them back into little
meatballs because the normal sized
meatballs are just a little bit too big
for me Leah
what is going on what's going on every
names on the list are coming in
Maryville my back I hope like with the
world all right if anyone would like a
couple of dodgy are you enjoying your
juice and you're doing your juice you
need your vitamin C friends my sad
what's that huh like that what are you
watching pregnancy blogs snore
hey you doing huh
nah are you excited to see crazy dad
tomorrow huh
so I'm going in today we got an dentist
routine tomorrow I'm kind of nervous
about it you know because I'd never done
it before you know what I was saying
about to start what I'm getting doing
basically is when I get it done
hi I'll still look exactly like this
because it's not M it's not a cosmetic
thing I love my smile hi Jovie jokes
I'm really happy I don't want to change
any of my I just want to I want to fix
the function so I can eat food better
chomp down better you know fix the sort
of broken teat or missing teeth or any
of that kind of crap you're not gonna
get any friend we're gonna take care of
your teeth
we're gonna take care of your teeth okay
mm-hmm so M but I'm kind of nervous
about the gas and everything cuz I never
done it before you know kind of scary
scary going into the unknown and I mean
I got a baby so it could be a crazy
lookout for the crazy tweets when I
finish in a danger zone or like
I don't I don't know if he picked up
after the gas and everything I don't
know but I'm gonna have to last in my
sweets now I'm gonna eat as many sweets
as possible so we're getting new teeth
tomorrow so I can undo everything anyway
you better go cuz I'm gonna edit this
vlog tonight because I'm afraid if I
even said it tomorrow I'll probably do
the whole thing upside down and
backwards because I'd be like yeah you
guys do happen and that's what me a
little harder for mother hey circular
hey circular alright alright friends
cookie friend thank you buddy
but wait a second no that's nothing at
all sorry for saying goodbye say goodbye
say bye bye friends bye bye say bye bye
bye bye bye bye bye bye hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
