good oh no no what hmm
Yuval area cities
good morning and welcome to a sweaty
Sunday sweaty Sunday good Sunday
ready Sunday where you go where you
running off it huh where you got huh
and we had a tough night oh you just
race like that huh
what time did you get up but I was up at
4:00 did you do two o'clock wonderful t2
or something
oh my goodness she had a tough night I
know what it was
what does it huh and she's off right now
ready to break it on you play live or
sharks gently comments let me know we'd
be like you'll be all up here but I
thought oh the dogs Diwali comes let you
go yes I can we do it between beds
looking back that sign would always push
me in I was a little brother so huh new
wheezes gonna get you a snarky crown a
snorters sorry sorry sorry
snorters
okay you're like slowly pushing her like
oh oh
give Alby hugs hey that wasn't mean I
want you to go to your room and write
500 lines
I must not viciously attack the baby so
just sweaty sweaty Sunday plans Amelia
hmm just sweat just a sweat for Amelia
our Warren isn't feeling well the old
turd trimester is getting the best or
her though uses the last one yeah well I
keep getting almost class news because
you have dogs sitting on your baby
Amelia wasn't feeling good this morning
but she seems you seem good now and your
snots coming out when you do that Melia
Valerius at ease yeah all right let's
get some lunch and go huh yeah and II
dressed on a Sunday Alanna has to go
ahead for women's little Christmas
tonight cuz she misses their sponsor
well me so soon when you weren't gonna
do it on demand women's Oh Christmas is
before Friday before yeah and then we
are doubling that weekend so it didn't
happen he did little snorter huh
didn't happen so she's going tonight and
it's storming rain that's fine
are you are you gonna be a bullfighter
probably probably so but the Sun came ad
for a minute I keep up into a few our
neighbors down here haw head walking the
dogs it's all the husband's like we're
all that walking the dogs and I was
mental because between us there was a
couple of dogs almost stuff together
whose mayhem he's a man Oh aren't you
sweet orange juice guys free drink ease
score score I do like that you know
after that oh my goodness you're
actually seeing that it's getting darker
as I'm standing here I like that you
know after the rain when the Sun comes
at you see there's suddenly found a
bursts onto it that's quite nice is when
I smell nature releases a nice odor cuz
I like this do of nature doe you know
after the breakup thank you look see
what I know I supposed rain comes and
washes it's the after shower smell you
know after sheriff's why you only go
into a bathroom dr. Simmons had a shower
what smells all like of nice centric
marks
that's that's more like what it's like
not not to be or a future I'm someone
quite am I even talking about come on
buddies
good girl come on up above it go this is
my musing now I try and like trick her
into wanting to cleanse I mean she
usually does but into wanting to cleanse
dares herself because I got energy to
pick her up I don't know how anyone does
it like you when you're pregnant
especially when you're heavily pregnant
and you have a toddler how did you pick
them up I just can't do it anyways
having naptime and Emilia is I feel sick
and I was supposed to I'm supposed to go
out tonight
um I feel really sick like ever since
this morning when I woke up I had those
stomach pains and the baby is moving and
everything seems fine but I went to the
doctor tomorrow anyways so I just think
they're cramps
okay we'll read your book I got up this
morning the sea was still there I got up
this morning the see this guy to see
this guy to see this guy that what
grumpy rabbit says and places banjo no
we're not taking everything out now we
already did that this morning member
fine
let's read a book oh it's look five here
one here one here one over here your rod
is like I'm not part of them they're so
funny
melius favorite thing to do is beatiful
distillery but as soon as she gets in
focus
what what is this if you want to
understand Emilia right grab up some of
these throw them on the ground and she's
gonna say who's just picking them all up
again
yeah that a fun game but pass the ball
first of all let's play dodgeball let's
play dodgeball flip it over it's time to
cook this dinner on a Sunday night
what would you like I don't give a shit
oh you said would you take your head
there hmm we have some pumpkin ravioli
cooks by fried rice fried by or in door
number two you some tasty pizzas and
little baby pizzas and take me out is on
there dude
say bye to BAM pretty sounds like that
close that close it close it close it
Oh Grunk nice job nice yeah I always get
the oven on OOP and Boop alright I was
like an open French that one's locked
tight Titus did it again
no I said it again you gotta tone your
total angle satellites all right Chuck
let's let to have our subway today a
subway son named okay where
Emelia unfortunate has a runny nose
which is kind of sneezing and coughing
uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh you getting sick again
what'd you give her though think you
just like filler for Cal fall or give it
I got a whiskey whiskey honey and close
what we had huh
I don't know we'll keep you informed
better make sure enough put the wrong
thing in the oven I mean yeah what Oh
kayo huh my GP mommy up your mommy beat
her up her you don't want me beat her up
her I think it's time to go to bed
friend is it time for ever she watches
him for a wish she washes how do you
feel about that how do you feel but I'm
gonna come and get you okay I'm gonna
come over there and get you now I wanted
you to explain what's happening here
uh-huh listen to me now girl
listen Tim oh whatever you do don't
listen to me now huh Amy mommy night
maybe mommy's gonna come with maybe if
we're lucky huh
and we're lucky it could be a good
situation oh hi doggies say night-night
lucky friends make your own way up the
stairs
Oh watch yourself okay
hope you pop yeah okay off you go
nine-nine Amelia get the light there for
you okay go on upstairs make your own
bat okay I made sure to brush your teeth
before you get into bed okay bye
night-night
I can't do it why do you think what were
you thinking hahaha hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
