good girl oh thank you thank you thank
you good girl
Wow you're so good at that you're gonna
be a hairdresser
good morning and we are out in the
forests in Bala hora um they got bike
friend like friend
we got no friend from all alone today
and we were supposed to get into sleep
boom but um I just what but it was late
and I kind of got the laid and self and
in realize all cuz there's going to be
like a two and a half hour drive just to
sleep bloom and then about two hours or
so maybe three hours on the mountain and
then there are two and a half hours back
and it was just like oh we just kind of
once you get a late start it's not gonna
happen you know first he'll set you
you're a good girl you love tio tio tio
tio yang camellias a bold yankin let's
go upstairs
ma go upstairs and get dressed go again
there's ice everywhere he's everywhere
put it attracts it's a tough one you
come up for them
make sure you up here
look it is
how cool looking is that huh I blow
class here all the time and you ever
stop and look that's what we're gonna do
today I mean stop and look a bit on my
own so a media has been playing with my
nail polishes as I get ready and get
dressed - I usually get up earlier like
than everybody else - to get myself
ready and everything like that cuz I
just it's always easier that way but
lately I've been really really tired and
I think I must be just a pregnancy like
a third trimester like fatigue thing
because I don't remember it being there
before and I just kind of seems to have
come on all of a sudden and I'm just
really exhausted like for no reason like
during the day I feel like I've run a
marathon and I haven't even done that
much you know so that's why I just I
haven't been able to get up in the
morning but it's fine because she's
actually really good she like entertains
herself and then the other thing she was
doing was she was in here with her books
and she was playing all the songs on
this one and I was singing them in there
for her it was so cute and she really
liked it oh you tidied everything up
good girl
clean up clean up my favorite tracks
down through to fire up here he's like a
jump here okay I'm a little kit with me
but I almost got a puncture how were
just super deflated
so I okay having me like it with me okay
take it folks
it's gone you go back into your little
baby tires or you don't eat we need to
pay anything you want to show everybody
how you brushed my hair here brush
mommy's hair brush mommy's hair boy boy
where's mommy's hair good girl good girl
oh thank you thank you thank you
good girl wow you're so good at that
you're gonna be hair dresser pushing
your own hair good girl I couldn't
figure out I go why my brakes not
working and then I realized
brakes are perfectly fine it's just it's
so easy I'm pulling the rock breaks and
it's just nothing's happening I actually
have to Deauville up like I hardly ever
use the front brakes because you'll end
up flying over it but em while I'm here
take this thing here it's like
terrifying
you couldn't blow down over that bridge
come around here
and then you meet this thing no it's not
as dramatic on camera okay but it's like
you guys can make it it's like it's such
an inkling
Ciccone Jolie come here come here come
to mommy need to wipe your hands
oh here she comes oh I'm gonna getcha
I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna getcha bring
movies run away homie oh look at this
view here
come come full circle a full circle view
situation here hold on there now is
Hackett good I feel that amazing you see
that mountain can use it can you see it
can you take in the mountain enjoy the
mountain they get in the mountain and
live with him and his party
yeah let's tweet that hashtag taking the
mountain
I can't even voice that when I say take
it imagine you are at events event as
part of you that what I said I can't
even
oh my studies there's some near front
windscreen head like some that's better
all right you know a little pinky Nambu
28 a mother said go away get out get a
job says I'll do me best deal eaten from
the fridge we weren't as high up fridges
have to be quite old there's some second
a pizza there mm-hmm
I would choose the pizza by real I'm
having an espresso gonna Hanna's mom's
house for dinner
oh that an hour why no that's my one
backer I got rid that Ruby breakfast I
didn't like the Ruby breakfast to swap
there for some pinkish grapefruit no I'm
I'm manly I can I can drink pink juice
you know normally I knock back some
whiskey for breakfast like Rayland right
I don't get moves but I'm fine
sometimes I like that ability
well my grass no good jumper the olden
days we used to make copy number you put
the filter in and like pouring the
spoonfuls and stuff and the Machine
doesn't the machine motion punch-out
grapes she looks great
just try on some wines in see what you
think of that has a bit of a kick to a
dope she just watch evening great
stellite eat great mm-hmm lady breaks
and by the way dad grab her go away oh
she took it off funny that's funny
that's a dad to do stuff that in oh no
no no no no no no no no I'm gonna get
that Oh give me that
mine's in like the two of them sitting
there for reckless like no no all growed
up what's that just making food more fun
that's what dads do you know I'm always
just scared of great
it scared of grapes yeah I know when is
that you don't know so many phobias a
thing who endures being scared of grape
grapes
an actual phobia so one Google Ad let me
know both mole would you like to go to
all Mama's house oh you didn't give it
to her so we're having this game yeah my
mom probably not approve of this game
you ready it involves the sofa
I mean you ready you ready you ready in
your few issues
hey she's like what what both God Bo
diddly her favorite toy her new favorite
toy is this so M if you want to get your
kids to Christmas present this year
forget about all the things that they
say anyone scan one of these an adapter
it works well on a guitar if you have a
guitar as well a favorite thing to do is
get this and like banging off the back
of the guitar so that's sad that's my
2014 Christmas wish this yeah gift guide
gift guide that's a 2014 gift guide
Valentine's Day Eve knows Valentine's
Day is coming up guys get your loved one
an iPhone adapter don't give me the
cable or an iPhone adapter come on
you nearly up it's the inclined this
brick the road the driver is under such
a big incline he's trying to figure that
okay you're home free friend let's go
come on come on mmm what have you got
what do we make boy
who is that meat meat yeah nice mitt
palms a knit palms friend me Thomas
we got them something's wrong with ms
leaves pretty letter what are they
you look like Xena the princess warrior
you know today if you had a sword now
with that defend you hmm I got my
railing boots on media loves the song
whenever it starts out got a Carol girls
yeah yeah yeah you have to come over I
know I know all right we're gonna get
her some straws you can put it in her
mouth
hey they're only on season three we're
on season four do everything around here
geez come on thank you get a chair he's
getting a chair
Louise you get another chair huh what'd
you find what did you find
they're fine huh
have fun we'll get a piano someday
friend a big giant oversized gland white
piano and then I'm gonna buy like a
tiger like a huge tiger just to lie on
it um they're gonna hire a Billy Joel to
comb every day Billy Joe al Billy Joel
and Billy Joe al no no that's one anyway
I'm gonna hire him he's probably one of
my favorite penises
who's your Famers where did you find
that from oh my god huh I looked over
her and she's all happy as Larry and she
found this and she was like opening it
no ask mom ask mom about - I'm getting
the chair where you good Pepa pandoro
this open door Oh murder toy huh
lift up Peppa lift up you have to lift
it up you have to lift it up friend well
rise we left early pepper behind okay
yes leave ever behind we put it over I
try warned you here here here it's back
its back it's okay folks okay folks I'll
walk home it's fine
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
