hello there friends now before you watch
today's video I just wanted to come on
here and save you thank you very much to
everybody that purchased my book Ciccone
Jolie's and the great cat nap yesterday
it was amazing the life that was
yesterday to see so many of you guys
tweet me pictures it was just amazing
now this video you better watch what's
film like a few days ago obviously
because we haven't caught up with the
actual book launch day but I just wanted
to acknowledge it and say you are the
best and by the way might I say you know
looking smashing today did you change
your hair nice top you've done something
I don't know what it is even any
comments what's your secret also also
are you ready for something new and
shiny are you are you roll clip
morning and welcome to the video
presentation it's a situation and it's a
D before my book its launch lights
tomorrow
tomorrow I'm gonna rock up to my old
school need to be like hey hey what's up
Jamie published author of a cartoon book
which is funny that my first published
work is mainly pictures gonna make sense
10 o'clock and goes so fast I feel like
I don't really get a chance to get much
done I try and be as productive as
possible
but obviously it's only half an hour so
it's not the most productive know
sweetie pie hey cutie pie
hey today the kids are baking cupcakes
Halloween cupcakes and let's see you're
gonna see the cupcakes when you go
downstairs yeah
I'm attempting to get some work done
yeah I've got a bit of help today so
that's great because it means that I can
get all my editing and all that stuff
done so that's cool media's again the
brows done by the mermaid extraordinaire
huh
you want me to do the birthday makeup
again yeah come on back come on cupcake
baking I got a duardo all is a make up
of scars and cuts for Halloween yeah
party oh well you know you can do that
quite easily okay
not everybody else can yeah
so I went through the dentist and I got
my teeth clean look
are you excited in media that daddy's
book is coming tomorrow
are you gonna bring him in too skilled
friend you're gonna bring it in this new
friends you're gonna bring it
I mean it's gonna set up a little stall
in the playground get your books boy for
a pounds instead of install there in
Moore Street collection selection okay
why don't you wanna have yours in the
hmm I bought one here why they did then
eyeball one the little air I think
things are cool now if they go back blue
warehouse
friends hope you find a good home there
we go last few boxes friends and then
that's it there she is
last one my hair my hair I'm crazy no I
can't do anyway I can't get a really
deep
okay he's not working I have too much
hair it's not staying
Oh Israel over even though you did that
like the day you came home from hospital
maybe you didn't clean out tonight we
are very exciting night dice so banana
after months and months and months we're
having a date night oh you put these
kids to bed
this is not your room this is not your
room now you're gonna be good for your
babysitter you look like one of those
little calendar babies thank you
calendar baby are you gonna be good
tonight cuz mommy daddy gonna date me
it's very very exciting
is it very exciting are you very excited
are you here well you put her to bed
first date night don't get a fright
tonight you know it's so funny in there
right so we were we were telling the
babysitter routine about Amelia and
Eduardo and I think we meant to spend
more time explaining the routine for the
six dogs of who's Bowl gets fed and what
order they get fed and where they sit
and ready go into couch and why like the
whole thing it's so well I need to
unlock your honor that work no other day
we probably spent more time explaining
the doggy routine
you know we did actually the kids
routine here we go
actually no it wasn't her fault this
time there's a katsu curry with my name
on it but I see there's a parking spot
outside Williams is there oh I'll take
it I'll take it
I'll take it I'll take it
I'll take it look at this right outside
the door dude can't get better or not
check check that out five-star parking
I'll take it
so how does it feel being on a date with
a published author
okay four hours I'll be a public charter
how's it feel do I look different do you
think like wow wow you guys investor who
ate Wednesday
it's venting it's actually Wednesday
look at this okay what look at this
green Thai curry rice was that look at
that huh let's see you know best friends
eat the same food we do but I was like
how many girls in a while it's very
exciting date night huh memories always
get these the memories the memories so
good
Jonathan got his doughnuts - the only
thing I
experimentation oh you're so annoying
that is like my dream
I got a honeycomb cheese cake with them
banana in it restaurant boom right there
oh it's raining boss right that's why I
parked here huh
that guy's further away than me he
didn't get as uh as bonus he ha ha
thanks Mel oh thanks Bill
that was a tasty feast anyone know mom
is actually opening well that was the
first successful date night you know
what you know what I even got a the same
food yeah we did do you know that's you
know all right let's go home and or if
you just keep on driving keep on rollin
dance and Ed you know what time it is
what song is that
how much living about dan dan dad dad
keep on rollin partner we're gonna tell
we're gonna do another thing will you
ask Siri Oh that keeps hearing Ellis
she's a bit of an expert right who
thinks she's gonna know keep on rollin
Bert keep on rollin partner you know
what time it is
it's 2045 keep our room and no data it
is completion unless you will you're we
leaving out
let's see you know today now is it
everything is it everything everyone in
the whole street all right let's bring
your bins everyone's up for that I was a
bird sounds like a bird
you
