your believe in magic
no you believe in the sparkly things
that go on in your mind and your brainy
brainy is tired oh oh you hit me with
just a brief on the history which
operates on Baba Baba
who's that fun over and she was like he
loves me he loves me not he loves me he
loves me not
who's that about huh who is that about
dosent dogs get make sex or more fun
chocolates out there to make collection
of our back hello and welcome to design
Gucci video extravaganza exits are up
there somewhere I think you hit the like
button is the emergency exits
imagine your computer it explodes what
what a lobby nav new month yeah hey this
is Larry oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah oh oh oh
oh
Arius
clean up clean up oh you are doing it
this is cleaning up the breakfast stuff
and I was singing the clean I'm starting
in the media started singing it as well
but now of course you won't do it on
camera clean up clean up everybody
everywhere no you don't want to do it on
camera you know not you know that clean
up clean up everybody everywhere yeah
what are you doing what are you doing
okay look right I was going to upload
that Sammy Weezy I was going to upload
that video about um a media head finding
just a little thing on its own right so
I said like look I was like well what he
has definitely widest according to you
is your favorite you should follow me on
Twitter by the way look at John's and
Jolie seriously check out links in the
description you're missing all the fun
and games so let's let's read a few days
okay because the media's cutest baby
girl on YouTube Anna and beautiful and
jokey jokes dot dot what do you mean I
mean is helping me clean up because I
can't pin Topher anymore really it like
it's just uncomfortable and you crazy
you're crazy
so I'm just sitting here asking her to
like pass me things that she has put on
the floor so that I don't have to fake
them home so I can I'm just putting them
away but she's passing them to me no
don't go through that box as the box
daddy hasn't put in the attic yet okay
yeah we have to get dressed will you
have to I'm dressed I don't know what
you what's wrong with you
lazy shall we go in an adventure friend
a kinky adventure kitty cat kitty cat
kitty get you today's new days I'm
confused
are you dazed and confused or just
confused and dazed which one is it
well naked you know I'm gonna get you
know I'm gonna get you know you can keep
your nose oh I'm is awake great I mean
that's asleep I would mind it was dinner
around so it's good like it's important
that Amelia gets lunch before she goes
to sleep
but now she's asleep I'm sure we spent
too long debating what to get for lunch
- lunch debate you guys ever have the
lunch debate and up for that destroyer
what's that mean I told you yes
straightaway after the walk put the
stroller in the booth what did you put
into it you were all like no what's up I
think Erica gave me this was it top man
top man on the top man lads all right
look at this everything here how could
you carry her around rode a stroller no
she's asleep
we're kids each to sink out
wibbly-wobbly wonders everybody wonder
what you do is that well can we do it
you can't redo it anymore she do health
and safety but back in the day there was
only seeing his car seats right
it'd be like four or five was smushed in
the back of a car right in there and
what you do is actually go around in the
corners my dad was like you know ripping
from side to side and we'd all be like
squish from one side to the other and
like if your honor if your honor window
seat
you got the most question is if you're
in the middle like it wasn't as bad you
know but nowadays the car seats that's
over it's not it's not as effective as
like media is this huge reinforced
safety protection system and like even
if junior was over there it wouldn't
really make a difference you know so the
youth of today will never experience
when you love you underst
no sorry Hey look what I scored some
take some more t-shirts that these ones
are I got some from the US so if anyone
the US has been waiting for and you
haven't got an email for me well you
probably did because you guys live in
the past
but unless you see we got here know
where war is a war gone from Germany
they don't carry in Chile and they got a
little from Germany so we email those
peeps on so they're still coming back to
me in case you haven't got one yet you
haven't got an email that say it's being
lost destroy
loaded warned whatever chance that I
might be underway because actually
someone actually only treated me this
morning and said that they got theirs
hey friends good morning good morning
and welcome cheetah got some t-shirts
here for you wanna just go through them
just go through them read them out we
are going to start everyone else its
inevitability it's gonna happen it's a
slow process it's worth it oh it's nice
isn't it second versus that second rush
give your wife a good leg rubbin if you
haven't rubbed your wife's leg today can
I can just give it a good rub give it a
good rub one more time hey what happens
that was me I decided to go all that
guys and aside you go for it yeah
footlong because after I have someone I
always need some more and then I've got
my little friendly as friendly as doggy
friends look the catch
love the couch I never feel ouch when I
sit in that couch y'all believe in magic
no believe in the sparkly things that go
on in your mind and your brainy brainy
is tired
oh I see which are ba ba ba ba ba you
need a good cleaning
mom give you a good clean in there watch
your fellows there now you lost the cow
Moos bought your last week happily stood
held know what I was just I was
experimenting I saved
beside EOF Jovie yo yo nigga you're
trying to get it take it off you happens
I got wait till we get the new bed you
know and some days you like wake up and
she'll like leave her room and she'll
come in be like dad like you know go go
RAM tomorrow so why are you sleeping
there the door it's not years ago you
taught about this you caught a head
you should check to see if your wife or
your husband if you have kids what side
of the bed usually bad chapters so if
your dad slept through the door and I
sleep by the door
do you don't want you to dad sleep by
the door no I think it goes by science
though because I always pick the right
hand side of the bed I always have to be
on the right ya know and so it depends
what you know everybody have your choice
that's probably just told to go over
there oh yeah yeah we do go through that
side yeah that's funny so weird you
comments um you know have I be have I
been hard done by the second one else
like me take note gonna wait a second
wifey wife I have to sit by the door
maybe we'll get a second door that's you
she doing should have two doors a blue
door the pink door like a mom door his
eyes or oh it's cold baby it's cold
outside
we'll go for snaps more nappy time we're
hoping to open that with your body of
appeals back in the car these are made
of babies taking naps right I'm making a
making dinner you have any food left in
the house that you know you want to
grade so I have some leftover - chicken
Phillips leftover we had this bag of
rice had some sweet corn put some olive
oil have some eggs okay soy sauce so
making a little sort of an egg thing
here some companies pour in the chicken
add in the rice then I've in the egg to
make kind of cookie and then and then
maybe choice medicine black bean sauce
comment like the video in life at 20
minutes ago and it's reading the comment
isn't that hilarious
how many people imagine their house
upside down oh my god I think Matthew
recording time you know like right that
were like okay am I the only one it's
like you know and then you guys
experience ASMR it's like the first
thing you realize I remember when I said
it that anti-war was the actual thing
and like loads of other people
experienced it as well I was thought I
was just like some weird you to be like
ready babe
so funny how to light up human anyway
yeah I'll give you an update when it's
done and let's see what it looks like
dude Wow and me yeah I love how you take
all your toys out just before dinner
that means we have to stay up all night
cleaning kidding
thanks like five seconds but it's like
she does this at the same time every day
doesn't she
it's one we're making well when when
Jonathan's making dinner and I'm editing
my videos or actually right now I'm
doing our weekly shop she tends to do
this oh thank you okay but look this is
amazing this smells me you want some
numbness you know I know who wants one
of those huh
okay turn oh nice hey cool dude
cool dude no Dover is it kill dudes are
cheeks oh and you wonder why one of it's
broken you wonder why it's broken huh
what no let well oh you go play with the
box of fun I gotta go run your bad
friend and then we're all gonna sit
around and eat it's important cookie go
you kissing yourself you giving yourself
kisses
he's dead we did you say you've got
hilarious at ease your suffers from
hilarious et it's a very it's a very
serious situation
Oh deeps alright H pop H pop good luck
finding a home see in a few weeks
alright Oh another one cool two down
four to go
this is her thing she likes to sing good
way to fairy lights so you make light
blue one the blue one that blue yeah
you're gonna see your face that blue one
see let's see what there it's a blue one
a white one and yellow one green orange
red pink purple blue one
you say mate my fairies say night-night
berries hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's -
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
