good morning my friend
Bruna quiche would you like a quick buzz
of their vows today we're having our
frequencies for everybody flavors did
you get no thank you almost had me there
the last one chicken what the last one -
look II guess that's sun-dried tomatoes
and olives
I guess the spring onion ones oh oh
maybe give her two cheddar one actually
well I don't okay she's the olive I'm
the bigger baby put freedom in your
maybe yeah yeah no no totally yeah no
totally oh yeah okay yeah great thank
you guys do that so just leave you to
her
Thanks this is why Emma for Christmas
look it's a Michael Kors watch truck
it's made out of diamonds I know what is
it got rose gold rose gold it's really
cool-looking we never showed you guys
these are my biscuits better be given
away he's a really homey not only did I
make the home but I actually printed
digestive in the back of him that took a
long time actually print that so hard
work Albie did most of the work she's
gotten really good at that she should
put them on an order last night like
proper small medium large that you
shouldn't do it on camera but I mean
yeah oh are you ruined it who gave you
that biscuit Amelia be honest point
it's such a thing when we were kids
might we used to call entire
grandparents head because he used to
call it a biscuit to cross the road
because they lived across the road from
us so under way home from anything like
swimming or something we call in to
Grandma's house and she give us a
biscuit to cross the road and that was
like a thing this deep you cross the
road
that's a grandparent support the
grandparents can spoil the kid and then
the parents are the bad or the buddies
Oh mom so mean but then like I'm your
I'm your grandfather
here's my grandpa you mean what is the
media then her aunt this is what I mean
is getting some cui she wants in cui she
Emilia and I think I think this one is
an egg one or something oh yeah maybe
that's how it is so now I'm thinking
maybe I should eat this one yum yum yum
leave me comedy like some qui SH and
don't mispronounce it and call it quiche
or quickie cuicci cuicci gettin all
queasy widget click Emma's on the
kitchen whatever doing at the kitchen
making you something thinking the stair
just broken just Erickson playing with
the kitchen yeah it's all in the freezer
I think I think it's a fridge freezer
how was that just a press yeah yeah I
think it's a fridge freezer like freeze
is that probably at the top yeah we
figured that I've very capable adults
you might as well just give up friend
it's not gonna happen
I fixed the lock was broken there for a
while I just fixed it huh
look at them all waiting open huh
okay this sitting on the baba
are you best friends
hold on don't fall down the stairs don't
fall down the stairs yeah you could keep
your little looks what do you say pío
pío Dido do houthi dou Z dou T ow ow
what do you know pedo D go home everyone
has to be able calm in this video saying
Dido Ito or whatever you think she's
saying what are you saying
do they know what are you doing here
Marni the story or we're disappointed
this is not working anymore
Oh media I mean yeah yeah why is that so
funny
oh my goodness I came down because I
wanted to nip into PC world look how
close I went ahead and get a closer spot
hahaha I was just driving down and I saw
some reverse net and I was just like
nobody say anything everybody act cool I
got in last dramatics last erotics more
dramatic like that alright let's go
inside we think it's time to get new
cameras that's it because um these
cameras this one is cracked in half a
thing I was saying that day today this
is like cracked in half the screens
broken I can't even see this screen I
just hope everyday that I'm actually
recording something so it's time to
upgrade plus I have a plan to completely
revolutionize the entire vlogging
industry I'm always looking for always
keep an eye on what's going on in the
world of sensors and blah-dee-blah but
um this there's a bit a bit of a
revolution in a DSL or industry with
glassless systems and I'm sorry
mirrorless systems my glasses wouldn't
work for you I've left the glass
mirrorless cameras which are quite small
which could be used for vlogging because
you imagine vlogging on like a DSLR like
a five year summer I do be incredible it
is a possibility it is a possibility
let's say no more say no more never
snore
oh my god there's this old man who walks
his dog every day and he walks him he
parks like near where we live and he
goes on his walk
from here and I see him every day he's
got a Westie and I just saw the West you
know West he wasn't that like red tart
and coat you know that the ones they I
just feel like they look the best on
Westies Westies are like made to wear
those coats like our dogs could wear
that coat and it just wouldn't look as
good I think is Wes he's are originally
Scottish think correct me if I'm wrong
but I just love that man with his dog I
don't know why I just every time I see
him I just think he's so so any always
looks at our house because sometimes our
dogs see the dog at the window and go
absolutely insane so he always throws
he'll look and it's really funny anyways
I feel like a terrible blogger I haven't
logged
oops there's the media's phone I haven't
fought all day and it's now half
passports
pitch dark although a hunting dark all
day which is not uncommon for here um so
my mom and sister were just over and
that's why Mia she was like all excited
even when they left so she I didn't put
her down for her nap until like 10:00 to
4:00 she's like oh Center in three ish
but she'll sleep for two hours which is
really nice because then I can rely on
that like every single day to have like
a break in the afternoon and it's
actually really really nice so I just
did laundry and all the way stuff done
but I need to get done today so I'm
pretty happy that I thought so now I'm
just gonna enjoy our couch because I'm
still in that like new couch happy zone
you know like I still it's still a big
novelty to me summertime I see I don't
like Who I want to lay a knot but I'm
the kind of person like I can't lie down
and relax until I know like the five
things that I need to do I need to do
them especially if there's laundry
hanging around the house there
see twice in one day head side the door
I got the spot outside the door let me
sorry I'm just just get our window off
there for you two places in a row I got
the spot outside the door pretty happy
with that information oh my goodness I
wanted to want to get home well I get
the spot outside the door as well or
alright somehow the house fell over
how's your hands fell over when I was a
kid here's another little better from
trophies olden it cares
I don't know back in the day we used to
smoke so everyone used to smoke back in
today I used to always imagine my house
was upside down never do that I'd always
like daydream cuz some weird kids like
we didn't have an Playstations or a
television so we had our imagination I
used to dream all we said the house is
upside down and used to imagine myself
what I would do and like running around
the house and I always wondered what
it'd be like to live in like an
upside-down house but just look at your
ceiling right now and imagine your
entire house was turned upside down
and you're walking on your ceiling and
like you see where your doors are but
you have to reach up into like step over
that thing what if you like an annex or
if you have like some sort of like
interesting roof design you have to like
walk off NATO next time you walk around
your house just imagine walking around
your house upside down and then come
back leave a comment and thanked me for
inviting this new exciting revelation to
your life deeper right let's get home
Hey oh you're so cute
quiet daddy brought home some Sassy's do
you like a sausage dad some cocktail
sausages the dogs already had one each
but some don't play
doggies they're gonna be so jelly big
girls get big wow that's a full-sized
hockey Oh
friends friends new year's resolutions
act or not you know your lady yeah sure
she was gonna do it when you showed her
mmm and they were just taunting others
what time do you call this what time do
you call this
what time do you call this young lady
are you snorting is it snort e o'clock
oh my goodness look at everybody huh Oh
once I recommend must I recommend guys
if you're going to buy fingers get these
prolly in five minutes they are five
minutes those what it says on the box
what what is the piggy say yes come on
Fred it's bedtime season 3 episode 10
motoring along
first you won't get to see what happens
in this one isn't a plague come on
friend bedtime bedtime mr. right time
oh it's just a hug this is what we call
an elevated hug that's all it's just an
elevated hug down with that sort of
thing
or you could just go and sleep at night
friends
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
