this is so exciting
yeah maybe I was so excited because it
looks like the whole place is a jungle
gym yeah she came in started giggling
oh wait at work in there did you see
that without the background video did
you see that dip already jump into the
pool yeah so wait for delivery man they
always they always give you times like
between Tuesday and Sunday oh you have
to stay home and stay vigilant in Jesus
village don't they always do that you
say I've always been here
keep it up obviously you can say Pylos
under delivery city as well anyway we're
waiting with bated breath have you
joined the party in here
she hikes the ball bit more when you're
dog he's in there what's going on is it
so exciting yeah maybe is so excited
because it looks like the whole place is
a jungle gym yeah she came in started
giggling because I I'm cleaning the
couch this is the couch that's gonna go
to be honest it's pretty clean it just
needs to be vacuumed because we never
sit on the couch we always use like
throws and stuff which is actually a
really good tip because it's actually
extremely clean so there's not much I
need to do here huh and is so exciting
okay let's do this let's do this look
what arrived huh is a whole lot bigger
this part one there's part two
oh my god it's massive I'm not really I
didn't realize it will he set it up
though yeah cuz you were all like wait
like let's move later on I'm like no way
yeah I'll move that to here so much
we're getting rid of the cage this my
room as well so the vacuum the whole
thing you know oh yeah we're gonna
squishy that is
oh and Ernie here yeah okay I'll move
around excuse me
like as Abby's gonna cleaner I know Dave
glare tight you get the mo morning to
print your gonna you how you're gonna
help here
there you help it all you're gonna open
it up oh great loads more recycling just
what we need okay get it yeah oh boy
it is quite large it's kind of cool
though I don't mind that it closes off
the space no it's cool do that and I
thought kids were plasticky you may now
take off the plastic my friends yeah oh
that's my spot there though whoo I got
the good spot you need to get a poop
though poufy situation was that out stay
there look at them all like what are you
excited about until you take the plastic
yeah then it gets more exciting the
world's biggest couch meeting our friend
why'd you have for me in your hand ah
this is nice no waste on you is it he's
my corner you disagree
Oh pop into my corner
huh put my feet at huh you going yeah I
was excited about it that is which many
things to be doing right now
Oh first doggy up was in the van Gogh
Alvie whoa what a sunny day we're having
today folks oh my goodness I came out of
nowhere but I bet you I bet you buy into
this vlog it will be lashing rain all
right bet you it's all being sunny now
but I bet you it's gonna last rain
that's what it does we have in Ireland
we have a thing called for season two
days you know it just goes to all the
seasons every day you know you just did
summer right now it's like what do you
got enjoy summer because winters on the
way all okay autumn person in a bit of
winter you know when you have like old
furniture that still needs to be gotten
rid of
so we've got this huge mass in the
middle of the house and then obviously
the new couches I mean I love it it's
amazing but um yeah this is not very
good and I vacuumed this morning um but
I just feel like the whole thing was
completely pointless because everything
I mean the guys when they brought the
Kachin obviously they brought stuff into
the heads with them there's crap all
over the floor from the wrapping and all
that stuff so I'm like why did I even
bother vacuuming that was a stupid idea
I should have just waited and then we
have just so much recycling and things
that like clothes and things that I
still need to donate and I just feel
like every single day goes by and then
other stuff just gets in the way and
like this house is like just
accumulating stuff like I feel like a
hoarder right now I know probably
doesn't look like that in this part of
the house but in like the laundry room
and stuff it's just oh my god and the
bins and everything so it's kind of
stressing me out
I really wish this was gone but I do
love this I'm very happy with it and I
think
all the doggies love it too I'm just
trying to sort it some laundry right now
I'm actually this is going to sound
really weird but I love folding laundry
I just like it I love any kind of like
organizing or anything like that so I'm
actually folding laundry because I was
getting way too stressed out with the
state of the place and I was like I know
what'll make me feel better if I fold
laundry like that's so weird nobody
thinks like that except a weirdo like me
all right there's just there was just
too much stuff huh I'm having to jump
that's all the plastic room today I
think was once they added plastic in the
cardboard today I was like that's it I
gotta go through the dome you got like
way too much stuff and you guys want
some plastic and let me know in the next
few minutes and I can I can hook you up
with some plastic I've got enough
plastic for everybody I was going to use
it to wrap up the new cat or the old
cages as they're going because I was
like oh maybe I could wrap them up and
then when they take the old couches
maybe don't know just take all the
plastic to which the Tyler that might be
be Ricky do you want this room to be
yours you can have it hmm yeah they're
mommy's magazines from like 20 years ago
well the fog on top is from when I was
in hospital with Amelia like when I gave
birth to Amelia so it's pretty old
Mia come on let's read a book Peppa's
friends have come to visit too Susie is
pretending to be a tomato where's Suzy
sheep Suzy sheep look she's the tomato
you like tomatoes don't you really who's
that
Edmund elephant Zoey zebra Emily
elephant mummy elephant all right vlog
is done I'm home
I'm relaxing on a new couch and if you
remember I said to you I will be filming
rain by the end of today this lashing
rain you don't know if you can see that
but it is lashing rain and then there's
leaving us no no right now
ah da was time to say goodbye the de
cachi catching number two but we haven't
really had a relationship with this
couch as much but look at much more
space I'll have hmm I'll have somewhere
else to put the bike I'm keeping this
cache because yeah the doggies do like
to sit on it
huh I do like to sit on it and sometimes
mommy comes into and said something hmm
you never suppose what you are such a
little chatterbox huh little chatterbox
so we shall wait in this one and this
one it looks so good it looks really
good
watching come down on me while coming to
dine with me
what's the are any friend whoa you're
the power of Grayskull
oh the captures our guy okay get to get
to work tonight I shall make some
chicken chow mein Rachel
use my nice Putin free move because
that's saris head is outside philosophy
with my family RM CVX I know I just
definitely feel that like I'm like part
time scenic tour something like that you
know sometimes I'll be food and then
I'll get feel a little but then if I eat
gluten-free food or flour flour free
food or anything like that I always feel
like much better afterwards you know I
try to I've been off dairy now for
nearly two years
put your open all the time I've been off
milk and she are you get cheese
yesterday yeah I feel a bit heavy so
they don't like cheese I don't I just
kind of stay with milk essentially and
cream um but yeah and ice cream ice
cream as well did I Oh I mean I ski okay
me they got this right a minute ago no
no no bad start bad start okay put one
on which one goes first before a poor
start oh maybe it was but she she put
them on all the right order and the
right size and everything she brought it
over okay the blue one or the red one
first the red room first
I wonder where I eat okay get over there
what's the blue one the red one that's
not right okay
oh okay get more green did you take
green there the green one goes on oh hey
what's the next color I don't know what
this is but it just appeared here the
red okay friend it sounds like you're
saying the colors what's next what's
next is another one around here
somewhere
it wasn't it or orange the orange one on
nice job whoa whoop careful there now
that's cool though I can't believe she
came over and did the whole thing
properly in order of course you won't
get out for camera it's like the first
daddy's nose thing later while before
shake she does it
next I like what's moving party see
something so cute right so and it's
being doing this thing with the doll
rise calling her mama
but look Amelia does it who's that Mama
would she like goes open an octa her
tone goes up she's not saying mom mom is
like love your baby you know your baby
just baby
I maybe I this baby's nose okay you're
picking the baby's ire maybe we
shouldn't let her hold junior please
daddy hi huh
we don't play in that game who's alby's
I it's easy to find it's only one of
them Salvas i oh good girl where's
alvey's nose Hobie's nose oh yeah we
know knows it's a kid and she knows when
you do it like she knows that it's not
like mama you know she knows she knows
it's the doll and if you say it should
go over to the doll oh you trying to put
the suitor in her mouth hmm I wonder
because we never gave her suitors ever I
wonder is she
you know what's this huh mama do you
baby
hmm you give Alby kisses give up your
kisses come on give a big kiss yeah we
totally should have got a coffee table
as well okay nobody jump up nobody jump
up okay uh-huh
this is my side of the couch I'm
responsible for this side of the couch
you go get a coffee table
we did get super God we tested out
do you like where you gonna sleep
tonight yes luckily not on the couch
no no because me later to sharp I can
skittle steady can sit Oakland miles to
100 PS I'm tool and the bar today for
don t forget
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Zaccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
