I'm saying you want this okay you take
it over take it over
how about your day nothing must be going
on blue would watch
good morning and welcome to the stormy
Ireland there's the crazy storm and on
at the moment so I'll try to think the
math it's like blue skies right now so
we're trying to take advantage of the
blue sky situation because it was
probably dramatically get dark storming
rain thunder lightning and that'll be
the end of it so we're getting an early
morning walk in but looking sunny this
but I'm that's not gonna last and I
understood the despite today so it's
gonna be meeting media for a while
everyone get in position it's a position
so I'm headed to the spa this morning or
well by the time I'm there it'll be noon
so this afternoon whatever um but I
started doing it like every month kind
of thing and this time I'm doing a
prenatal that was called a prenatal
massage had never really been like you
guys know I'd never gone to the spa
prior to like that first time that I
vlogged about it and I've just recently
started going more often and it's
actually really relaxing and it's really
nice especially when you're pregnant
because you can just totally forget
especially I think in your second or
third or fourth or fifth or whatever
pregnancy if you have kids already you
totally forget to take time for yourself
and it kind of just gets I don't know
push to the side because you're
obviously you're concentrating on your
own children that are you know your kids
that are there
hi there crazy fans hi they're crazy
crazy pants what you do it what you
gonna do you gonna jump in the pool you
gonna jump no hat no swim no hat no swim
alright no swim no it knows them wait
what are you doing what's the plan here
huh
I was oiling the chain this morning and
she yeah you can see the stuff
everywhere and she's on watching more
like what are you doing Matt what do you
know Matt get into the pool get into the
pool of doom
get into the pool of doom into the pod
of doom come on did you guys remember
while ago I was at I got these puppets
Haley omelets and I wanted to do this am
the series on YouTube I just never got
time so one of my 2014 things you know I
was like on get time make time make it
happen make it happen like and shoot
some sort of pilot concept ideas and put
them up on your channel and see what you
guys think of them see what you think of
them you know because I think a broody
funny is funny and funny idea you know
um I think will be funny idea do you
think with any idea yeah yeah did you a
meet today friend hmm
just you and me it's just you and me
look at the length of this hair look at
the link to this hair friend you Miguel
oh this my little entrance and nuts the
hotel that benji and judy stayed in
this is my room for my massage I don't
know how what you can see you can see
I've got like a little cap on I forgot
something for my hair so I'm going to
get ready now
it's time for some egg tastic time
what's wrong I say you want this okay
you take it over take it over
how about your day almost be going on
leaving Ronix finger in everything else
what I'm wandering here making your eggs
hey by the way that was a nice song okay
get into your friend keep eating cheese
that's the delay we're having here
mm-hmm mmhmm mm-hmm and I was a bit
squishy yes a bit squishy that's not it
just had my massage it was so nice it
was so so good
um I just think the first time I got it
done it was with a different girl anyway
and um I think it was just because it
was my first time and I didn't know to
say like oh maybe not so much pressure
whenever I was just shy so I didn't say
anything but it was a little bit too
like deep for me so this one was a lot
lighter and I feel so relaxed I'm so
happy I did
so now I'm getting my nails done I'm
actually getting a pedicure because I
can't do my nails anymore I can't do my
own gears anymore I can't bend over and
then I think I might get my nails just
painted as well and I'm getting a fruit
platter Amanda who's the girl that I
always go to she's amazing so good those
of first time I had had a massage done
by her but it was it was I just highly
recommend it if you're pregnant
definitely go for it because it's so
relaxing I feel so good right now which
is getting me a fruit platter which is
really nice for if we keep eating the
cheese friend we're not going again
anywhere then no one else did I know
you're cooking something you keep eating
it and then you actually never get to
the progression of cooking it because
you keep eating everything hmm
is that what's happening nearly done
friend Haley done just got my nails done
and I went for a dark color
I never go for dark this is Opie eyes
something about a car or a sidecar I
can't remember it's like a really weird
name but I got the same on my toes and I
went for a full pedicure first I was
going to go for a full manicure but I
can't even like reach my toes anymore so
I felt like that would be more worth it
than the full money for the money we
just did like a Polish and then I get
like the paraffin wax and all that stuff
for my feet which is always really
relaxing so I'm in the relaxation room
now okay so she had had two bad booty
egg and then fell fast asleep
lassiter longing yes I thought I had
plans Emilia had plans for my day and
I'm talking till she's finished okay I
love her
they also gave me this smooth and firm
body butter and this is so nice
this is suitable for pregnancy and
Amanda my spa therapist said to mix this
in with the nourishing body oil which I
use from the same line and it actually
lasts longer if you like mix the two
together so they gave me this it was
really nice um so I think I'm going to
use this on my belly - it's supposed to
be good for like preventing stretch
marks
oh my god it's raining I just noticed
they don't have the rain like the fake
rain the water on probably because it's
actually raining torrential eat today or
it was so they don't need it
you know entirely wrong just got
finished is this ah there it is
that was so relaxed and I feel so much
better now I'm definitely gonna do the
same thing in one's dream so I never
gave you guys an update about the a
dental thing I was talking about the
other day so I went for the assessment
with Claire I'm we did x-rays and we did
everything that we've done and we
checked everything out and measured and
took my j1 and my V or PT whatever tend
to do so we're looking at is in about
two weeks I think I've scheduled in for
now I've never ever done this before so
I'm kind of nervous about it but she was
like oh we want to be cool they using
not nitro dioxide or something I am I
think it's common in the u.s. I'm not
sure whatever country to use it it's
like the gas so you know me so I will be
like David at the dentist she was like I
was having for the reception you know
and I was like I'm kind of nervous if I
had never done this before you know she
was like the crazy stuff people say
after they've had the
what is it oxygen NOx nitrogen oxygen
something like that and then in one
sitting
it's like going to be like five hours or
something like that well there are lots
and lots of like replacing all the
fillings and crowning and stuff like
that and then treatments and like loads
and loads of stuff together prepared for
possibly doing bridging between entities
that are missing and then we're going to
like if you remove some stuff and then
change the branding putting metal
reinforcement things and crowning and
porcelain and there was like there was
lots of doll these words is what we're
talking about there the first part of it
which I'm kind of nervous about is in
about two weeks I've never just you know
I don't mind being the numbed up thing
that's fine but the actual gas and stuff
you know I'm like oh my god I'm kind of
nervous about that because I've never
I've never done it before you know and I
think it's the thing that
anakata right at the end when I when she
was having her contractions
I don't know I'm I'm one of those
control people you know I need to be in
control that's why I don't like using
parks because there's no control that's
why flying and so but anything that I do
not have personal control in I find it
very very difficult you know I get all
like on see when you're doing dancing my
brain has to like that's what to do and
that's what's happening here and trying
to analyze it and understand and because
you don't mean where is like the gassing
is supposed to shut all of that off you
know and I'll just be like y'all put in
here you die oh my a minor wife who put
that hole in the road whoa whoa this is
the holy road the holy joke I feel like
I have not seen a medium oh okay because
last time she's come for a really long
time because she woke up super early
this morning she had diarrhea so maybe
there was a bug going around I don't
know what are you doing hey do you do
I'll be leave her alone leave her alone
I'll be be as she had
there was some issues this morning but
poor thing we'll go with a full nappy
like pretty early so I had to change or
do a lot kind of stuff so I think that's
why she was so tired because usually
she'll sleep from like three to five but
I think she slept a little bit cuz I was
home before 3:00 and she was already
down and then she only just woke up and
it's like five to six the spot my spa
therapist I'm on down um who did the
prenatal massage she had a good feel of
my best me obviously when we were in
there and she said now obviously she
said she could be wrong as well but just
judging from like experience and having
done prenatal massages you know herself
and done a lot having done a lot of them
she thinks that I will either go early
or on my due date because of how I'm
carrying now what she said also makes
sense because well it is my second baby
but I just kind of assumed because
amelia was late that this one's gonna be
late too and I was like because it's so
like discouraging or something when
you're late um I know it's obviously the
most important thing is that the baby's
healthy but you're just like everyday
seems to go so slow um obviously you
don't want your baby to come too early
either but I think anywhere after 37
weeks is like go time I'm carrying quite
low which I am definitely carrying lower
than I was with Amelia because my
measurements are all different and then
um also she said it's very firm like
right where I just I think his head is
supposed to be down anyway and I'm
pretty sure it is just because of how
he's kicking and the kick seemed to be
all up here because I think his feet are
like you know upwards um and she said
it's very firm like down low I said
anytime she's felt that with a prenatal
massage the purse like the woman has
gone early or on their due date and then
the opposite with like if they're
sitting higher up obviously which I was
carrying quite high with the media this
is a very very important day it's
important that media
you know why it's important do you we're
saying goodbye to our friendliest friend
the bike out friend we've had so many
good times and yeah I remember I told
you the Cape is coming on Friday but
then we couldn't get rid of this couch
until Tuesday so we decided instead
having both of them here although this
is going tomorrow night and the couch is
coming tomorrow morning so we'll have
two characters for a little while for
them this is the last night last night
in the old fella are the cushions ours
oh I was saying goodbye to the cushions
it wasn't necessary right you're staying
huh
you guys are gonna be so excited the new
couch comes like LT here and then comes
all the way down here we're debating at
their own whether we should buy a pouf
because we think that a couple of their
dogs might actually am sleep on it
friend of ours Suzanne she has dogs and
she was saying she was one I was like oh
god she totally got a pouf because her
Bijan curls up on it every night I was
like oh yeah because that was a whole
thing look there's any freedom there but
they're terrible couch dealers huh
alright friend it's time for the back
hmm Bed Bath & Beyond home a big pad to
be on oh geez say good night to your
friends say night-night friends see you
tomorrow guys for the couch day
hashtag catch it's a corny jolly catch
cake forever oh you guys want to spend
the night inside this book hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
haha
