oh yeah you actually did get it vacuum
oh did he die my Union actually come
back
oh don't laugh don't laugh whatever you
do don't laugh whatever you do don't
know come on lazybones come down you
little Eskimo creep
let's go what's going on yeah why are
you a Messer come back come back here
I'm gonna be here all day where are you
going get back here right away what are
you doing get down here let's go girl
that's a hygiene sign here thank you
I really get so concerned Sunday we're
going to get a room box we're gonna
terrify the dogs
I don't know yeah they'd hold it hold it
go suck your hands away oh you actually
did get it vacuum Oh baby
sorry actually co-heads I remember years
ago and our let me stick it in
agitations and a guy would like to med
and pump your car but you just not gonna
win they're like what do you want advice
swimmer up or put like 50 and there's
something like that of ladder the fern
that is that never happens anymore but
then I saw in America I think you guys
put your fame in some states or the
Negro to pump your own petrol or - you
guys call it could be dangerous but I
wouldn't mind if someone else is willing
to do this part and you guys have a
spare stroller on you you can just give
me because somebody forgot this wrong
somebody forgot this drover yeah oh oh
my game is look at that Wow
look it's actual Peppa Pig what Oh Ted
cheapo Ted bring it back
I like this though hey and wanted to go
to state though you know wanted to go
sleep when we get home we get some free
time bonus time huh okay let's try and
get on strong girlfriend oh my God look
at a big let's start raining
hello hello there you drop the Indian
octa clap your hands one development
available push that off mister out for
me yeah okay we forgot your stroller so
we have to carry you
well you got a hut be a hoodie friends I
have always wanted what it is oh there
you go I've always wanted these hoodies
all right friend with your new one Oh
pick a car that one's got a broken wheel
this one's easily accessible wanna hop
in friends
huh what happen
don't cry
now
it's okay daddy's behind you
daddy's behind you I think she's a
little bit yeah so much fun done
it's so cute thank you
she's just like she's looking down at
the ground like it's moving I know what
is this chicken
I think she's and look here those feet
don't reach on a one reason
we go faster
she's been nervous
so again so then we go
okay barely fit whatever let's turn this
thing nope no she's telling doing that
just as we pulled off that a little bit
more time yeah yeah I got like this I'll
put round a ground floor
all right crater burst out of here oh
it's a big break
all right couple of people here today
one thing about these is I definitely
feel like Amelia is not even here like I
feel like it's not even Whitney you
should like so far ahead of me so these
should happen the time for life though
it's inevitable it's inevitable when you
go to someone like this that Nene's is
going to find oh I just I just I just
remembered now I needed a an old thing
any bobbins what are you getting anyway
a moist cleanser hmm it is look at this
photo huh 2.0 you get your photo mm-hmm
you know we have to get you one of these
for home you know you put the vacuum
cleaner in here oh my god about you that
you know I got a good vacuum that's
built into this you can walk her in the
house
and we're playing with these friends put
this up oh nice are you two being able
to play with this toy that's right just
get it just hate it a bit if all else
fails just just hit it that's what I say
yet so yeah
okay we're having the time of our lives
here sometimes when you go into these
malls shopping centers buildings you
feel that you get lost in there for
hours for entire day especially because
here like it's four o'clock sand that
was like super dark as soon as Christmas
is over I just wanted to be somewhere
yeah yeah Christmas summer that's it
don't forget about all that in-between
stuff it's all made up anyway let's move
to like Mauritius or something like that
it's that thing you would be known to be
no winter you know then you just be
complaining I've met people who live in
like give me a comment if you live in
like the Mediterranean or somewhere like
that and you're just like you're
probably like oh it's too hot all the
time yeah you know what humans are just
never happy especially in Ireland like
where the island of begrudges the wetter
you're like oh she's too hot like oh
it's just too cold
oh it's too rainy oh it never rains way
too hard way too hard lives I would
require more light in during the day you
know to recharge my battery
solar-powered I don't know if you guys
know that but I'm solar-powered nice
little pair or your hybrid you're like
half and half give me County
solar-powered
are you a hybrid are you like a pure
diesel or second diesel greece's what
gets me running lights what are you
nothing no wow look at this land on
roads driver bring me henceforth home oh
I had an interesting more drip-dry
seriously I just came out of nowhere
it's like blowing along here hahaha the
voice is back on you guys remember last
year when the voices on and every time
I'd be making dinner the voice is always
on oh my goodness it's another year of
the boys so I was gonna go buy a whole
new nice set right really fancy cool but
you day sold them separately so I bought
this one look I hope I don't know if
it's a good runner you guys know any bed
nice is an ex 50 C or a mile 15 any good
but today I'm gonna try it out and if I
like it I'll bite it full set because we
need I think it reaches a point in your
life because these were just like Tesco
cheapos you know I think they were like
a 10 or something after those ones so
I'm this is like he was like 40 euros
for just this one knife and but I am
achieve it cooks harmless big and some
Cheetos let's test it out arena for a
try before you buy the viola say it is
pretty good like I finally I shop in a
shop that people really easily so that's
thing I know is like time obviously I
bought it in chunks but and when you're
making a stir fry I just find that it's
a lot better to be just like slice to
beat even much thinner than it is
because sometimes you can find like
super tin filling beef up not the Angus
beef ITER
so am yep works pretty good it's Joanne
throw some of these in I'm gonna go oh
hi
if you don't mind I'd like to make a
recommendation for you in your life
these things the Amoy straight throats
ribbon rice gluten-free they are so good
right you just get your stir-fry
grab them and just gonna like mush them
in they're so good though but they're so
soft and they kind of just like ah we've
had it a couple of times and I've held
back my review but I would suggest try
it try before you buy it well okay steel
before
I don't know how you try to bring the
walk with the food into Tesco and give
it a quick go which is the they're so
good huh nice job where's the media oh
my goodness the storm has come
tries to bring down quickly the storm is
coming through rain doesn't get Minda
huh
the rain isn't getting in though we're
gonna read a story don't you escape
don't you escape don't you escape I'm
supposed to be some sort of authority
figure in your life this is just you and
me guys I'm gonna read you am pop-up
peekaboo
woof woof and then we're gonna read one
coin you bet Oh
you come back to me you've come back to
me huh
why'd you come back do you love me you
gonna sit down here we're gonna read
this to be keeping she stood and read
books okay okay
go let's read this one weird you're
acting the dog is hiding what you think
he's hiding
Oh thinking me why people having
problems
oh you found a doggy friend good job
whoops okay where do you think the dog
is hiding this time yeah you really good
at the pop-up friend all right you just
stay there I'm gonna get the moisturizer
is doing we use in sensitive insensitive
imagined insensitive moisturizer not
like the sensitive and insensitive don't
be funny alright friends let's put this
on he's so cute Shanta I'll see you guys
later
see you tomorrow don't be late or you'll
get a note in your journal and it'll be
sent home and your parents will have to
sign the note and say it'll be an
embarrassment it's just best not to be
late you guys want to spend the night
with me you guys care ready
well I'd take whoa hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
that would be
