but I was like weighing up the OP like I
was just like oh my god I first of all I
was scared because I was like it's way
too early for the baby to come anyway
and then and plus I could feel him kick
though and I could feel him like my
friend and he seemed fine I mean doesn't
whine like I know anything
am I the only person that hates labels
he's got this shirt I haven't actually
worn it before but um Zara always have
like the biggest like thingies ah I know
it's like really important information
like don't wash this shirt or whatevs
it's like really annoying I always have
to chop it off I need to I need to go
ahead and wash the car it's been a if
you actually have never washed this car
and that with all the fighting of me
there's a bit of a buildup of mud oops
so I need to go and watch dad plus
Anna's going out for a couple hours
today so just get it done quickly my
friend so me and a squirmer
attorney named in the squirmer I dunno I
see those squirts she's squirming I am
dressed pray for this summer to summer
retire alright chop this up yeah
tasty look at the mud right that's not
that bad look at this see it's like mud
all over CDs and what oh you got popped
on the tini Guns'n'Roses and Chili
Peppers there's mud like all over the
place it's a muddy situation okay let's
get to work
oh you found your little board that's
cute
Amelia's to do keep room tidy be good
for mommy and daddy eat all my
vegetables be nice to doggy friends and
tidy up toys after dinner I wonder who
wrote that probably died and raised I'm
just making her some lunch because I
have to go out Jonathan's getting his
car washed
and he always does this like right
before I need to go somewhere he's like
oh I just have to do one thing I'm like
don't give me anxiety about this what
are you doing what are you doing you
hunt in the right oh geez what are you
doing you come back here her headband is
so not matching at all
look sir isn't getting in okay I have
about ten minutes all right it's ten
past two and it's going somewhere and a
half - all right see my window is smiley
small but she's not going back for a
good while which means it'll probably
dark outside when she gets back probably
it's gonna rain and dirty so it's my
only window of opportunity to actually
be able to watch the car not in the rain
so hopefully I make it last night was
like the worst night of my life
and I know I said it in like every vlog
for the past like what two vlogs have
complained about something happening at
night but last night was genuinely the
worst like I had this stomach ache that
was like a chronic like it would not go
away and then I started convincing
myself that what the dog is annoying you
I started convincing myself that it was
preterm labor because I thought that the
stomachaches were coming in waves which
they were but they weren't like I think
maybe what happened was I had a tummy
ache anyway and then I started getting
Braxton Hicks or something like that
because that would kind of make sense
with how far along I am but I was like
weighing up the ahh click I was just
like oh my god I first of all I was
scared because I was like it's way too
early for the baby to come anyway and
then and plus I could feel him kick
though and I could feel him like my
friend and he seemed fine
I mean listen fine like I know anything
but just from the movements and
everything like it just seemed normal so
I was like I don't know maybe and I
wasn't getting any pelvic pressure or
pain or anything like that it was just
these stomach pains and then I had
diarrhea as well which I read is the
sign of preterm labor so I was kind of
freaking out but it was like oh my god
we're gonna have to wake up Emilia I'm
gonna have to wake up Jonathan I'm gonna
have to bring Emilia to my mom's like
it's gonna be a disaster and like I just
felt like what if I went into the
hospital and it wasn't that I think it's
just stomach cramps maybe pair it up I
mean maybe it's Braxton Hicks plus a
stomachache or some area stomach bug
because I did have diarrhea so
there's definitely something going on
but I also think my stomach is very
sensitive and we have pizza last night
now I always have the same pizza and
it's a pretty light one and I'm always
fine but for whatever reason I just
think my body is just like this
pregnancy it just gets sick very easily
I don't know why we made it back in time
just barely though just barely friends
that he almost got executed for being
unpunctual dangers of pregnancy round
two they're dangerous dangerous time
lads lads and ladies what's wrong friend
what's wrong when you walk back outside
anything the door is broken can you go
toyline something do you know what we
should do
why don't we just go ahead and have a
nap as soon as we're locked in here now
what is mom giving you I got something
better to say come on mummy have it
Hey no come back that's not how it works
Hey thank you you have to give me no mom
eat poop stop you didn't even rubbing
its own one okay let me rub it out
ready you got something for me
oh geez come on let the dogs in these
best friends back to work I came home
newbies just sitting here making
Amelia's ears she wife it's over now
hyper mode now come here come here hey
hey Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia she like
honestly you enjoying that
so cute
Skinner ears cleaned well at the back in
here I like the new Vista's said to me
too the man said she started I love it
sometimes and she starts I'll just like
stop orange ever get when they lick
between your toes no I love that you
should totally good right if you have a
job just stick your foot down the stinky
or the foot the better they love and
they get their tongues between your toes
okay
they wrap it around okay I actually feel
sick right now boy
good morning oh oh like she's got my
again I have a two o'clock appointment
maybe we can like rent newbies out
there's like a service going on at
midnight adventure going on a feedback
in chat gonna go into midnight adventure
look at look at that thing in the top
its beckoning spaceships that's actually
how to get to the ISS Space Center but
see right there it's not let's see
connector port
oh my why would you check to see I have
my lights so today I had an inkling for
the wagamama I I was tasting it in my
man I was needing it I tweeted you think
would be crazy to drive 700,000 miles in
to the city center to get some katsu
chicken what do you get my keys elbows
no you get the soup thing chicken ramen
chicken ramen you're gonna Ram it in and
we got a media baby korma or cat sea
chicken baby kicking does it have to
catch you saw so I don't think oh maybe
it does on the side but it's the grilled
chicken yeah it's a good girl so leave
me some requests what you'd like for
Wagamama
quickly quickly leave the comma before I
got there Nona made you and put you all
we got some raw juice because back when
we lived in Bournemouth right I used to
get like terrible indigestion because we
used to buy our food in Iceland huh cuz
we've no money like a pound in Iceland
we'll get you 40 chicken nuggets
now our dinner and you guys live in UK
you know what Iceland is and so I our
dart was terrible you know but I used to
go to wagamama so I would get the raw
cheese the passionfruit and so
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh and he used to like
share it so I would suggest you wear
your hat over your eyes so that you see
I get rid of my heartburn and
indigestion and stuff so I suggest
honest you get some I look at a ferris
wheel thing it's all lit up let's go
oh don't judge rain yet whoa that's so
cool looking there's only a couple of
days left it's gonna be gone very soon
but at least we got open it taste excel
Christmassy but it's gonna all come to a
a halt ending although you know what if
you guys head to Tesco they're selling
Easter eggs Easter eggs crazy crazy
yeah least what is wrong on there I
don't mind I love Easter eggs three four
five
thank you very much okay I got to park a
park over there because then it's really
hard to get to agronomist but em there's
no one around the street so I was like
boomtown boomtown had a cost a witih
cause disease of chicken katsu great
plan has worked
that's why the momma's over there right
away okay she didn't smell it and I was
worried that it was gonna be cold
because we got here a few minutes late
last night we're like 20 minutes late
and it was still kind of warm now we're
on time because you think we taught
there but an hour to make it but
turns out it was ready in like 10
minutes it's go back the Guinness is
empty smash here's your delivery ma'am I
checked everything it's all there
now don't you we don't know liberland no
nibbling on the food so hard to me oh
you doing
and don't ready to bend over now you
know you're supposed to tank we do the
whole squatting thing on you're pregnant
you're not supposed to like bend over
but I always spend over until it's kind
of comfortable you know I just do it
until the bump gets too big but right
now it's definitely uncomfortable to do
it and I keep just out of laziness just
bending over but you are yeah definitely
supposed to squat like not like that
okay no fees just gone to get milk and
do you see this guys this is making me
so anxious this is all recycling because
the recycling bin is full and Jonathan
needs to do his little trick of like
stepping in it again and our refuse bin
is full too it's just like over
Christmas you accumulate so much junk
because of all the presents and
everything and then all the packaging
that comes with that so both of our bins
are full and I've been so come on till
Friday so that sucks it's a very
important situation here focus whereas
I've got one - why do you have one -
Amelia is about to have her very first
kinder pingu I was gonna say plague or
cleaner brain oh but I didn't realize
there's a different thing I just picked
it up a minute ago in Santa
hmm you ready this is not this is not
for doggy friends this is for Amelia
friends what do you reckon friend give
it a full review unboxing and review go
on so don't give it away oh oh is it a
private is it a private affair do you
need to just just take your time get
some space for yourself all right don't
make any rash decisions you ready
you're about to lose it we're about to
lose it eat it eat it hit it there we go
there we go
who do you think friend she's gonna walk
around like this for the next like 10
minutes silently just hear Mel inhaling
it that's what she does gonna walk
around silently inhaling it followed by
our little friends and hope and a hope
it's a movie dropped my goodness see you
guys tomorrow hope you guys have a good
Saturday night Saturday night and I like
the way you move pretty baby hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
