Wow
I think I am great huh ready morning
years ago in Ireland back in the day
when you would have like a bi tutor or
you know instead of yank they just did
with yank a thief he's like just pull it
out pull the ground you know nowadays
not people already do that that much so
I decided as one of my things for 2014
it's been a long time so I've had a full
set of teach I know it's gonna sound
insane to some people but I it's been a
long time because that's what they did
back in the day to just pull them out I
woke up this morning like really really
early in the morning with stomach ache
and was a Harper in this time I actually
have stopped drinking coffee because I
think that's even though I was drinking
like decafs it doesn't matter it's just
the actual coffee that's making me have
heartburn
so stop drinking that and then I'm
trying to figure out like other things
because I know there's certain things
that I eat or drink that make me have
heartburn like more than others like
soup for example is always a killer but
this morning I woke up with like this
tummy ache and not like don't you know
don't get worried or anything it's the
baby is fine he's kicking and everything
but it was more so like I had maybe
eaten something or I don't know about my
stomach reacted in some way I'm not
really sure what it was but basically
it's the kind of stomach ache that has
to work its way out of you that way you
know what I mean so that's what's going
on right now and I just feel like
sometimes this entire pregnancy I've
been sick I know I haven't but sometimes
when I'm back in bed like this I'm like
oh my god it's great to end excuse me
excuse yourself there now huh
excuse yourself there now
let's go it's the call of the beasts
it's actually still rainy but I need to
I need to get this stuff from that the
mess I made yesterday but I find it
easier to kind of store in that house on
this cane it waited thirty you know
surprisingly enough makes it makes it a
lot easier you wanna fly high okay
don't put your thumb there yeah so
getting out of bed and getting Renee
didn't go so well
well I tried to get up and I felt way
too sick so I'd go back to that but
that's okay because I have my little
friend here this is the only thing I
don't
anything you don't like with this
dressing in is that it gets so dirty
like it gets orange juice stings and
I've to wash it all the time hey what
are you doing come back here you're not
even dressed
not even dressed you know getting rest
today like me oh hey we're both in our
dressing gowns actually we're like twins
twinsies oh and I felt the baby hiccups
the other day it was so cute that was
one of my favorite things about being
pregnant with Emilia as well I just
loved feeling them hiccup cuz I just
think it's so it makes it more real it's
like more of a person then because the
hiccupping is like a normal like you
know like hiccupping happens to
everybody yeah dad so cute when it
happens to your baby and you can
actually feel it what are you doing look
at your hair it's so pretty
are you pretty girl oh thanks up petrol
time folks
this is not raining well it is raining
over there oh my god you guys everything
looks so happening in Clark for the last
two days like cooking like fairies in
the water may be so funny of you watch
to start yesterday's love I was like ugh
American in the Sun and then it started
raining on the way home and then last
night the entire city flooded funny
enough though this is the car you want
to be in in a storm the audit watcher
system like this thing can drive in the
snow and the ice and anything like it
has the on-board computer with the
four-wheel drive it's like it's like you
know what happens is that when it when
they hit something it's like a little
light comes on and it's like human human
what have you gone and done human or you
can see here the Colosseum haha Cortez
it doesn't look flooded here on air
Washington Street so that's good but
high tide is in about three or four
hours so hopefully now hopefully high
tide doesn't come along and wash us all
away
we'll be Incy Wincy Spider Incy Wincy
Court climbed up the water spout along
came the flood smell
one time on me put some on hey nice
pretty girl okay that's enough
you're gonna get all pink all over you
put it away yeah good girl here let's
put it in your makeup bag this your
makeup bag thank you you can have it you
can have it yours good news is no more
shirts actually came back so everything
seems to have fun that's good news
I thought it might be more coming back
so I guess anything else if you haven't
gotten an email from me email a couple
of people cuz I got some damaged ones
and stuff like that so me even other
comfort people about their shirts
actually was just talking to the guy
there about getting more shirts and
getting the cards and everything in it
because doing New Year's is kind of
falling right news is kind of falling
like always that like on a Wednesday or
something so it's like the Thursday into
Friday and it's like you know what 2014
begins on Monday
you can't start New Year's on a
Wednesday so if you have any New Year's
resolutions and you haven't done them
yet it's alright New Year's actually
starts on Monday this is like this
doesn't even exist this is like sit sit
down consume like it's Christmas it's
still technically Christmas until Monday
a monster kiss is crazy mommy kiss
okay we have to book let's get a book
now that I've gotten you all hyper let's
read a buck and go to sleep good
let's pick one which book do you want
which book do you want
pop-up peekaboo I don't want to go out
there so I'm just gonna give a haul my
shopping haul my bike haul so I got some
chain lube which is like performance
chain lube it's really really good keep
saying I decided to get some knee high
these are like waterproof and breathable
socks because my socks got soaked the
other day and it was not nice and I just
got a little skull hot thing because I
was wearing this you want seen I was
wearing this under a helmet but the peak
thing it's not made for putting under
helmet so the peak team was kind of a
squishing me so time to get a proper one
and then I got a muddy seat but I had
this stuff so be pretty cool because I
had to wash the bike and when I get the
loops and know it sinks now I decided
why because that edge Sports is just
right there which is next to add this
one here so I decided I'm gonna try and
actually uh get immediate some new balls
Oh God oh my god froggy has it doggy who
loves to run and chase where is that
speedy dog can you guess her hiding
place let's look behind these flowers I
mean yeah look what's this peekaboo
there's speedy dog what a different one
oh you're getting bored already oh my
god that's so good
it was the word dead ball party
that bit was forward I'll appeal about
stuff so and have time to put it in the
back piece and quietly okay Jack the
heating on what's that huh you know it
this is hey hey you are you kicking you
stupid in there are you swimming in
there huh Oh pink book just came up you
know hello take this part out that's not
that's not gonna add to the fun do you
think we need another do we need another
bag full friend twinkle little she's I
light up the Artic don't you know how
anything I don't know if you get to wear
to know for quite some time friends whoa
it's double party let's do a party it's
the party room Oh
Skechers sevinor's the only thing is
head
is that like kid 7 please isn't she
watching out for oh well that's better
than I suppose the last number Oh
getting closer we're at ardent yeah
right could do their five boom misses
the lava lava okay you wanna put them on
friends doesn't matter it'll add the
extra padding that we need your movie Oh
like you're hogging up the whole place
like you have to walk harder whoa
oh come on get the party started
Amelia Amelia come here come here
yeah it is Friday
I've got an itching in my tummy for some
Domino's Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Planet
mine look we already things by mistake
but they're amazing oh I didn't realize
this red hot original I put that on
everything I'm not I'm just having just
one he's having one experimental
purposes whoo
bullpen party ball pit party pizza party
ball pay bump it party ball pit party
I'll be in the meter I'm gonna ball pit
party
it's very Albie let's bury Albie well
you can we do what you doing
alario city alright folks you know
what's about to happen
I guess we're never going to bad
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
