yeah really you like my lipstick
right now I'll wait for you have a
little patience good morning and welcome
to the dole bridge welcome to toll
bridge folks we're heading off on a
little biking adventure it's a new
Viking adventure place guys never been
here before
thank you I am in the car I think I'm
not put up in gold and cash she'll
always car new in I'm looking for
somewhere I'm looking for a place to go
we've never been here before we are we
decided we're going to try someone new
today that are going out to Bala hora
we're we're reading some forms I'm heard
about this place
hi hi she's not dressed I smell your
poopoo he's funnier poopoo hmm yeah she
got dread of stitching I like your PJs
Peppa Pig special hmm I woke up in the
night this is not the first time that's
happened but I woke up in the night last
night several times not being able to
breathe with heartburn it's so bad this
time like so so bad yeah it's really
uncomfortable and I just have to like
wake I wake up like gasping for air
because I think what it is is that like
because everything's all cramped in my
belly and everything it like pushes up
the acid like stomach acid stuff like
that into the esophagus so it just makes
it like oh my god and I have to like
literally sit up in bed and try to like
catch my breath and breathe because it's
just so uncomfortable like it's not
painful it's just uncomfortable and then
sometimes it like goes away for a bit
and then it just comes back on all of a
sudden it's so annoying and then I would
fall asleep and then wake up with it
again and then fall back asleep but it
totally throws you out of whack anyways
so I don't know if there's I'm sure that
I could take something I just don't like
taking a lot of things like at the
moment walkie I need to restock that but
at the moment I'm on spot own for the
iron and that's going really well for me
and since I took off or got taken off
like all the other pills like the
prenatals and the iron tablets I've been
fine like I feel a lot better like I
feel like the last couple of weeks
before when I was on them I was just so
sick and now I just feel a lot better so
I don't want to be taking I don't know
my body just does not like taking lots
of like different supplements and things
so we'll see but I know there are things
that you could take for
burn like Reni and gaviscon and that
kind of stuff but I don't know will we
go down have some fun knows yeah this is
always fun when you're drying it goes
from I knew that you haven't been before
okay I think we're going up there though
is the way though when we go to these
places that we've never been before it's
like trying to find the place
there's always its own obstacle oh okay
anyone live in there haha alright oh
I've seen it's up this road
and hopefully we find it it's gonna be a
bumpy road I'll be honest
talking days ago I was out as a bike I
don't have to buy getting the car I
never checked to see where all the parts
here I hope they are well that's the
important part
and the wheel in the place so I'm trying
to get ready myself like get dressed and
doing hair so Amelia this is just
causing a scene you causing a scene
oh my goodness under way we have mics on
our mirrors hmm that's a wake-up call
look at is him okay he talked Tipperary
veil or something
golden veil you're not incredible
looking dude light passes through it
yeah smell better flooding around here
he's found repose here pure being here
before so we're making it up as they go
along I have in the monitor tracking
yeah so hopefully we can find the cars
later on
hopefully oh yeah this is a king up
there mark yeah it's hard to be cool
looking I always see these on the
motorway driving along always wonder
what size to get up here I wanted to see
just another big cross at the top of the
mountain you always see it in your cash
shop
that'd be incredible if you get up there
funny thing is I'm actually gonna get
fright does not like the hairdo
oh my god
what is going on with this
it looks pointy - almost oh and my belly
button came out and popped out I don't
know if I can even you can't really see
I'll show it better in a pregnancy vlog
but um it popped it it goes back in when
I'm like lying down but a pop dad never
popped out last time it grows my god I
guess you can the trail leads out there
there into the Feres somewhere that's
the cool thing about these like random
random unknown spot you just find
something just blown along you see this
like whoa-ho
it's like like the road goes up there
but that looks that looks like fun down
there officially lost in the woods who
can figure out where the trail is you
kind of you find a half a trail you find
half a trail and then BOOM you're lost
again - whoops oh my goodness thankfully
it's not that cold yeah it's not that
late yet still Sun in the sky we still
have a phone connection and GPS in the
Mondo's tracking us so we should prize
my phone off okay we'll deal with that
minute
ah what's this oh sorry
hey I mean to scare you touch we're used
to it by now
thank you oh you want baby first maybe
you want baby you okay crap that sorry
okay which one you you how do you do
join us now baby are you dancing pretty
girl you dancing
yeah really you like my lipstick I have
a cold sore I never get cold tourists
like ever you can't really see it cuz
there's lipstick on it now but I had to
cover it well it's actually not that
it's not like gross or anything it's
just like a big bump Britta thought I
had gotten um bitten by like a Oh mmm
give yourself kiss mmm just with my
mirrors
but um yeah it's not like completely
like you know yoki and icky but it's
just a big bump a big bump a big bump
when we go downstairs to our doggy
friends later bike too much oh my
goodness look at the mud and the Vice
look at the moat on me yeah oh my god it
was epic oh the phone died so I'm gonna
put the phone in now this is Dina's
blanket by the way that I use I flip it
over which is handy oh there's a good
data good times so my plan is to use the
leftover of my water try and get rid of
most of this stuff work is as well
planned
oh my goodness look at this we just got
off the magnet into the cars look at
this we just came over
oh man a time was awesome like uh-huh
you could not have predicted that air
opens although I love it up the top of
the men's and it did start raining a
little bit and we were wondering where
like oh we might be a cottage door but
no we made it
I'm so filled II think so Billy hell is
so cool good start 2014 good go team
boom next thing I think you know what I
when I get into something right I never
like to like say to myself okay like
I'll go and do all this do all this open
and you drop out of it you know let me
get all everything so I've been toying
for a while of investing in a GoPro
black I want the black because it's got
4k resolution 4k resolution on the
camera
and there's been so many times where
like folks in the back those fans become
like college and go pro so it's my
birthday in February
that's kind of hooking up with a GoPro
my birthday so I'm pretty cool so you
know say you started the year and I
think you started it meant that Viking
season you know it got the entire year
to go so I I'll be pretty cool
they'll start drawing some videos itself
my goodness - Mia I got something for
you huh
- when eyes that hooked up my brother
you're on he can't watch movie - self in
a pink plastic thing and he was like I
saw the videos you're missing this part
he's like I found it I was like what I'm
gonna go get it okay except it is like
some sort of tornado storm has come upon
us hold on
no you stay here you stay here you stay
here I'll go cave there we go
I like this little holding here okay are
you having a cup of tea while you're
waiting hey you having a cup of tea
whoa Coco Coco Coco Coco hey she's
drinking tea are you still there are you
still there
okay now what is this club we connect
them together oh no no no no look look
look look look now huh that better you
were doing it whoa whoa whoa careful
don't fall backwards put your hand here
hold on
hey floppy hey go yeah oh my give me
those you can use - lets you actually do
it yet you doing a friend good girl good
job go you run over your doll oh oh
fatality
that's so cool oh yeah
that is so cool that she's actually like
walking herself on a toy huh don't mind
that crazy woman watch out for the car
oh you just scratch the side of your car
I know now I think I teach you can turn
it because it always depends yeah oh my
goodness
good come here get her killer today
come here to me no problem thanks
traveling no problem huh oh you're
flying at our friend oh oh
shake turn it's just like turn going one
hard corner hard corner left left left
left left like textured textured oh the
hairpin
so Anna is having a craving for pancakes
and bacon and syrup that's what an
arrogant gotten an arrogance took up a
Twitpic
or an Instagram and an it's been like oh
my god I need that in my life
so I have been sent out on an errand to
get such things
bla bla bla bla mom pretty sure I got
all the supplies that are necessary for
this endeavor this project of ours the
loose of pancake project we've got
hashtag pancake project by guys brought
in 2012 for 2014 whoa what happened I
skipped it skipped a year there 2014 a
nice even number a funny year this is
gonna be folks hold on tight this years
out of control
your favorite book
wow what a beautiful song
she might yawns good night good night
sleep tight
retired minute ago she the full nose
eyes and ears where I was the camera me
Nia is it this is for the win was
daddy's nose first Eddie's nose
what's daddy's nose good girl good
always days I was days I I good girl
there's a dog up here Oh where's daddy's
dog
Mercedes yo oh he's going to bed with
you huh where's new V's I lose movies oh
hey
that's kind of that's a bit of bad boys
movies I so I yeah a good girl but your
nose her nose is wet Oh Jonathan bridge
bridge
emergency emergency why did you break
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
haha
