good morning in the morning and you know
this guy is not orange and the garden
didn't blow away thankfully welcome to
the vlog to die press the people who
aren't in you but we established where
are still under midterms
a couple of days in has everyone doing
how we surviving what what I do know
what is it what is it well you've just
you've just taken the shadows and the
highlights away from yourself confused
in a media is it midterm or half-term
Thank You Eduardo is it midterm or
half-term understand only too much ciao
Ciao Bella bellissimo bad guys leave
comments is it half term or is it
midterm sorry kids are down in the old
park again today with their friends
we've kind of organized it during the
midterm so that every single day the
kids are kind of hanging out with
different friends which is kind of cool
so then you getting like such a good
kind of like proper holiday 70 nuts in
the state that we major in the summer
holidays but next year we're learning
being better prepared
that's the parenting game friends it's
all about learn
and she go you know and then by the time
next summer comes around wow it's gonna
be jam-packed JibJab hikes and I'm
really excited for Halloween because
we're gonna have a proper like Halloween
this year a lot of her friends it Amelia
hunted while his friends are all them
we're all meeting up together and we're
all gonna go trick-or-treating together
in a big group it's gonna be so much fun
I think myself and I are gonna dress up
when I'm trying to convince all the
other parents to dress up I'm gonna go
as a giant banana do the banana dance
leave a comment would you dress up as
Halloween I haven't dressed a bra Oh
remember we used to always go to those M
Halloween parties back when a Yugi was
like different yeah it has changed the
lives in the last in the last like two
years I think specifically prior to die
we used to like there was like a gang of
us used to hang around together and like
go ran together and stuff like that and
now like everyone's off doing their own
things you know it's kind of funny I
guess that's just how things evolve you
know things evolve yeah I'm going to let
legend taisto the dentist friends I mean
get me old can the old mashers sort it
no issues just keep an eye keep an eye
on them
make sure there's no issues I'd say
that's the best trade guys go to the
dentist before you need to go to the
dentist because when you actually need
to go to the dentist
it's too late you've already oh look at
the I've already left it too long that's
there that's the message for today
friends
I want my iPad guys oh I guess but Apple
yeah say teeth mummy
Oh
oh my god she's so cute now I'm not
going anywhere
sometimes she freaks out my over here no
she's alright she's in a good mood got a
winner
got a good mood today and it's a lovely
day today again huh it's a lovely day
yeah hey yeah rise and shine
mmm say good morning again my little
friendliest friend
good morning again my leader bring his
friend she did her dancing thing this
morning
so cute she was sitting in her high
chair like she doesn't do it back and
forth thing like a mean yet but she does
like this open damn thing unless it's
having some lunch I can't remember what
this is it's like carrot and it's carrot
and something I tasted it carrot and
squash maybe I don't think they're sweet
potato in this one there's definitely
some kind of orange vegetable for sure
she really likes it yeah she's been I've
noticed she's been eating like a little
bit more like her breakfast she never
used to finish it and now she finishes
the whole like pot and then usually I
split this one like fur between lunch
and dinner and it's one pot and she's
been like having a bit more than that
every day so that's good no don't eat
your bed eat your food
it looks so blonde in this light it's so
cool ah I feel like every day I come
down here and I've presented with this
guys do you want to sign some books sit
down here Amelia pull up a chair all
right let's pick a random book they did
why all right open her up there now
all right where'd you want to sign your
name
mm oh that's nice actually it's really
good
well you thank you folks that's cool me
Mia you do another one what 200 other--
ton alright well let's put that one to
the side that's an Amelia signed one
let's get another Amelia signed to an
under go hey you can draw one little
picture I'm one if you want as well I
bet that someone would be very happy if
they got one when a picture from you
I think there might be an a at the end
as well
ooh net draw a little picture maybe here
throw in here as the next trials
predictors oh my goodness this is a very
special one whoa good choice it's
Halloween friends well I mean but almost
we need Halloween costumes no we don't
have in costumes I mean Halloween things
what your Christmas bed for daddy's in
here
oh look around for oh oh my goodness I
mean did you get me a 70 to 200 Canon
lens that's such a good lens okay wasn't
that then oh did you get me Oh
tin foil no that's for no I think first
friend know I know it's from California
would you believe you've been to
California no now now we're being
distracted okay
so Halloween is far is filed under H do
you see the h1 this is obviously noise
is that Halloween I thought that was
Christmas but now I'm starting to think
oh that is Halloween
all right here you're on blog mode
normally I suppose you party would have
done this earlier but two shows a nuts
the fact that we're even doing this
is it achievement both I know him Wow oh
I know what this is look no no no like
this you wear it and then else like huh
oh this is mommy's why this is your one
all right went this whole house
decorated in media oh hello there
wow you guys look scary do you want to
come inside
show me the Halloween house tour welcome
to ahead of Eid house in Japan
why I mean yeah are you pregnant
yeah what is that I mean yeah what have
you found that your belly belly button
surprise pregnancy announcement video oh
now it's upon us
you guys have ghouls and goblins well
show me around your house tour or you
can put the kennel right here it'll be
safe there so we have a scary zombie
with some nice hair and we have a scary
witch on Halloween you are in our full
costumes full zombie costumes I'm gonna
put Sami makeup on you and everything
wrinkly oh boy so I made the house all
spooky for Halloween and the kids want
you to do a Halloween house Halloween
Halloween Halloween so show me your head
fall off so show me around
excuse me to everything tell me about
everything let's start in this corner
here what if we got a new windows Oh
evil scary flowers
it is a wig our pumpkin pumpkin okay oh
look at this guy's freaking Stein spider
me but and another pumpkin did you try
this
wow that's so cool oh this is cool cuz
actually lights up as well well done
Eduardo it is the cauldron Oh is there
more ghosts what their donkeys all those
ones under window are to go in the dirt
I see the spider candle rise ooh scary
baubles yeah do you want the spider no
you can't have this fighter you can have
him after Halloween goodness guys you
did such a good job oh just a little bit
Oh
there is a little cat here Oh what does
a wreath there's an Aretha Franklin in
here oh there's another reach choice
show us dude dude dude oh no did it
already pumpkins owner then after the
giant balls hey guys we need to go
pumpkin hunting we need to get our
pumpkins
oh that's cool what do you see wow guys
this is so cool is one more things right
well thank you so much for bringing me
to your Halloween nice and showing me
around whoo there's more mm-hmm and then
no more one more oh my goodness look at
those scary dogs they look so real are
they walls what
Oh come inside again Oh or putting more
stuff up food is a scary be out there
well thank you what that was last year
at the Halloween scare thingy at Tony's
farm yeah I like it well unfortunately
that's a Late Late Late a car chopped
off guys
I know Wow
well thank you for the Halloween tour my
friend that was very good you did a
great job I can't wait to see what you
guys gonna do for Christmas hey we need
to get pumpkins and carved them up guys
I'm even gonna remember last you in the
tractor ride to get the pumpkins will we
do that again this year and we'll pick
them all do you remember we picked a
little one for last year last year oh it
was for little squid wasn't it wasn't
for last year yeah yeah well you do it
again it's gonna be so much fun you can
get a bigger one this year because
you're growing you have to get the
biggest kid one you want to go to the
scary farm again another thing oh that
evil is goes trick-or-treating in set
your trick-or-treating bags thank you so
much emedia
this being an amazing experience these
are mainly all done by a median
anyway okay Wow mother see the high
stuff okay thank you Eduardo it's the
night please don't get a fright but the
end of the clock has come along goodbye
friends and I'll see you tomorrow
I'm gonna turn off the light that's
something like that I meant to turn off
so please don't get a fright
