Oh
morning guys I'm just like hang on by
the bar having some a tasty breakfast
you know liking alright I'll sit over
here and I have a baby
trip-trap yeah and white a bar like a
big girl what I would tell you what my
big sister hmm
oh my goodness he was jumping around it
was a nightclub last night he was like
wasn't it his Mendel's like he was like
kicking Everton those crazy moves is
like a pre New Year's Eve this is the
last video we will ever do ever in 2013
president can you believe that we're
never ever going to your video again in
2013 this is an Amelia 2013 is gonna be
over forever 2014 2014 is gonna be a
crazy year for you friend lodgings gonna
change right here initially you probably
won't like it
okay you probably are going to be
against it okay could you might year
which goes into the hospital and she
sees the little baby strike okay that's
great should we go or would we go now
then you'll bring the baby home you know
where each dog will have a sniff you
know that I mean Lee will have a sniff
me like oh we just pluck we brought baby
in the oven we just why isn't the baby
gone home yet no used to say whatever
you put her the attic years of me when I
was born
oh yeah hopefully she doesn't know but
in about a year's time in 2015 you will
thank us because yeah Thank You jr.
babes running around and stuff yeah you
know it'll be fun trust me okay
I know what I'm talking about I have
previous experience yeah you're so cute
you know that you're such a cutie pie
Oh horse fat what's that
hey cool dude hey cool dude are you
trying to see one today they cool they
get it off the shoulder top and
everything pump Yankees just become a
cool dude what do you want mr. man hmm
you want mr. man let's drop you down
there huh scooting didn't you scheming
what's that Amelia like to know pretty
home when I first did the first I was
kind of crying you want to show which
one you're wearing it's women
Oh Express finish maybe she's born with
it he's not maybe she's like telling
your fight
that's how she thank you some you might
but you need it for your New Year's
party
thank you laughing you got a pedicure
was in sorrento yeah I know
Marcus Oliver a bum bum luck I can't you
do you checking he's checking to see if
they're done checking up on the job oh
hello Australia really you can't be
calling Australia you talking to your
friend his friends in Australia huh you
telling me is 2014 already what no I
gotta go I gotta go yeah no no no no you
okay bye okay Jay spike yeah okay no you
hang up no no you hang okay but yeah all
right bye bye bye
yeah okay bye bye yeah
Oh bye yeah but why no no okay bye dad I
got it bye
yeah okay but okay hello
okay okay what happens get stuck gonna
buy all right
New Year's Eve let's get rid of this so
you're adding we're gonna pick up Erica
working friend are you RZ Harvey or nur
Ali Norman great deals and AB isn't
harming Norman Australia United it's
already at 2014 in Australia
yeah about an hour ago when 2014 they
live in the future
Chris was twenty thirty hot 2013 you
remember back then how long she goes
where's the pink speaker system you want
that I think
they're run away like this playgrounds
deadly so the iPad Mini right is that
better than the iPad 2 or the iPad air
finger Anna has it the iPad 3 I think
the retina one but I think are cool but
for the smaller thing like this little
fella here
would you prefer viewer
making friends meaning we've been swayed
we've been swayed by this way oh please
stop me huh you like a friend so you
think you get that cover right there
what do you think I say I think the mini
I just don't know what she wants it porn
absent didn't want to ask you because
then this surprise is ruined
you know I could tweet out and see what
people say what's more popular yeah well
whatever you think I just think the
smaller one is better all right the
tweet has been sent we shall wait now
see what prize we get first two that
came in about mini mini oh is that for
me is that for me where did this even
come from under the tree I'll put a pie
come on put it back let's go let's go
put it back maybe yeah so a man appears
everyone since many many many many many
many many many many many minute
so yeah seems like I am connecting her
then yeah yeah get a nut no I just know
just that next year oh my god we should
totally do that for the lulz
that's a really good idea just give her
that and then we'll keep the other thing
in my back pocket let's go you're going
to be the fat guy in lift her no mom
said we had to go mom says we have to go
jr. says we have to go oh come on come
on come on
don't don't please please let's be
friends let's be friends let's be civil
let's be civil you guys remember this
couch remember this carriage from like
what year ago or months ago yeah oh it's
so comfy we've been toying with this
catch huh
this can't figure out
yeah rings faster job you know people
always say like over control of its
attorneys yoli's well what happens all
the way from Canada burn calories from
Toronto Toronto fajitas here from 50
years ago
like why does everyone know my name
seriously this is the last tea cake I'm
having this year seriously never again
this year huh the last time we were
copied this year giving it a 2013 no
more enough sent off we did it and you
guys admit it's a long long time you
guys remember I even know what that was
the girl the one that we'd out what was
the one that actually had talked his
last time I was like finding out the
case you know you'll be looking at a
song and he was like well she can born
she like I think she was just born like
you running a little baby like you know
and she's like oh my god Amelia so grown
up she actually had to Maltese herself
they had the lols but that's just ten
areas that we actually eventually got it
and it would have it in two days because
there was an angry waiting it that's
what we never got it before and that's
what totally put me off and having to
wait eight weeks and then after I was I
got an itchy like a whole lot of check
and she found room for us you have in
two days how cool is that we're all up
in a walkies
really thinks this is the funniest thing
you've ever seen she's like in hysterics
is it funny
hey funny good yeah she's like this is
so funny
okay this is the detangling process you
guys never lose see this because I'm my
own here and I bought it I brought a
feeling through at me hockey match how'd
you all sit small these puppies in one
go
my girl because you're really good I
would not be able to do this
okay get way too stressed oh I'm sorry
okay we need to keep moving because the
media is getting media gettin upset um
it's pretty cold
I have not being it with Johnson like
for a walk miss Jonathan or the doggies
and so long and I feel so bad cuz like I
feel really unfit yeah but he's really
good on it I'm very impressed
wooden finger oh don't don't even joke
about it
they're so cute this for pink and to
blue and I saw you put them on the right
dogs I did actually put the one right
well done horrible buggies
you know what the duckies look at me no
she's okay
whoosh oh yeah ye okay actually tied us
onto here no we cannot additions of like
I know I wish you could but you can they
get trapped under the wheels and
everything that's a mess
let's go so I don't know how many of you
if any of you guys are like me seriously
uh but if you are then you'll understand
this okay so I'm actually having some
kind of a nervous breakdown right now
look at my house okay yes that is a pine
cone that is been chewed I thought it's
a stroller should not be there and it's
a box that is vomit oh it is the
Christmas tree that is a mess that is
the ball pit that is little things like
just so disgusting
huh but that looks amazing there oh
don't you
oh my god it looks so good
you like it there friend really good I
know how you moved the picture to be
like Messi to suit the rest of the house
what do you do
darling did you not get you knocked it
didn't you
Jonathan oh this house just it it just
looks like it's been running time
Oh like seriously there's just crap
everywhere crap anywhere long it's all
in this plate
what's that how we look at his hair
Jonathan Scott wash your hair off static
why are you a freak
if I'll be a kiss give out me a kiss
give a little kids look at his hairs
seriously can you like see what ah
static oh oh my god I don't know she
didn't even do anything to you psycho
hmm you love her really don't you just
Bianca stressing him out excuse you xq
Koch yeah cut okay what's going on here
now all right no more chocolate for us
dear
oh yeah that's my girl
huh that's my girl take a wrapper off
first don't just eat it she knows she's
not an idiot
yeah excited Brad who wants to go
outside all right this is it lads
the last my money right side this year
never again
well actually maybe a couple more times
have any you guys seen that show what
was it even called
fazool even though it's the guy Joe from
Arrested Development right he says
billionaire and this girl comes to live
in his tree house with his do it with
her daughter
it is really stupid it got canceled but
his neighbor Fahad and fazool Thursday
he tried to read that laughing River oh
yeah I did it oh jeez this drip Ã¤j--
but anyway it's hilarious and every time
I think I hear a car I was saying car ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha like oh no the honest
yeah use like people people have already
done like bah ha ha yeah it's like I'm
gonna do something different I was like
ha ha ha ha I wanted to change it you
can say every time that we're looking at
the mercy today's a class you take the
OP off the honest you want to you know
watch me do it alright lads
that's it I'm not making another video
till next year that's the end of the box
let's see you guys next year you can see
your friends amita's gonna wake up in a
different year let me feel what's going
on huh do any messages any messages from
the future okay chase our whole Santa
Claus okay she's a monster
thank you I've created a monster Freddy
that's right see you guys tomorrow
don't forget thumbs it up huh for
chocolate thumbs up for chocolate girl
we see you guys tomorrow where I leave
it for Esther this year I feel like
somewhere special
how about the fridge put you in the
fridge for us beer
now this is extremely vintage Dubliner
super expensive
I'm leaving us here do not eat that on
me it's also my way and wine help
yourself
see you next year
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
awesome
