we're making some protocol Cousteau who
remembers ponder them close though from
an summertime some lovin had me is fast
and do book it out we're adding some
rice gun Cousteau into the project on
Cousteau to make it very gun cuz Joey
this says enough for everyone there's
enough for you open up the first time
having pronto con gusto trampled on
Cousteau why you know like the coastal
it's good it's good try some try before
you buy that's what I always say who
says they try before you buy what is
that oh it's a software thing adobe 30
day try before you buy
mmm if anyone asks I'm a cool dude is
that you looking at me like dad like it
doesn't even reach my ear my COO dude
I'm gonna take that as a yes
I'm trying timid a out I look it's gonna
pop mmm-hmm you gonna be good for mommy
my jeeps gotta go before yeah he gets
dark gets dark so early nowadays too
much woody I'm a moody mucker I'm motor
mucker oh let's say I thought this is
that here come on don't step on the
paper is this a technique to wipe maybe
Amelia is like oh I better wipe the
floors a few doggies come in
you crazy you crazy
there's a chair time limit these days
with the biking that's why I hardly have
a vlogger because it's dark but like
what time is it now
it's half three in an hour it's gonna be
dark gray oh my goodness like all our
vlogs in December are always in the
darkness he just seems so dark you know
cuz it starts so fast and we thought you
said dark pokerface so I'm man feel and
then to a hearty ski trying it so bad
because it's frozen it's nap time we
gonna have enough naps hmm we're gonna
pick a book
now get your cozy bag huh oh I could do
that out too but I need to film pop up
peekaboo yay okay sweet this one yeah
it's your new one from Wilma oh god the
places jammers I have to park all the
way down here alright friends that we
pop let's put you back together mm-hmm
is what always happens especially you
know everyone's on the fitness kick this
is like you know leading up to Christmas
it's like consume consume each consume
watch TV eat consume watch TV and then
after Christmas are all like wait
another my clothes fit anymore you're
like oh and then all the ads on TV or
like lose weight fast get under try it
do this do that don't eat that food and
you're like a crazed kick you know but
hopefully yeah the commercialization of
advertising will ease off on us a little
bit around February and make us feel
like oh yeah right that bad it's for you
man too bad you know kids that with like
their new bikes or new toys or new
rollerblades or what
Everland hello the little puppies there
so have like you know the big families
and stuff how's it a storm like there's
tons and tons of trees knocked over my
excited me right this way since the
storm you can see them all along they're
like all knocked over and stuff it's not
so pretty this seems so tranquil or
something isn't it I think I said that
every time I stop here
alright let's go thank you
did you not want your toys in your bed
your dark it is all the time
I think that's the most depressing part
about winter like after Christmas is
over
you know when the excitement of
Christmas and like then you're just kind
of waiting for spring because yeah
because it's just so dark every single
day I feel if you wake off and it's
bright for like two hours minutes or not
really but you know what I mean we're
also waiting for spring because of the
baby coming so that's kind of exciting
but I do I know I I think I get
depressed when it's like winter time
like this this is my least favorite time
of year actually after the period after
Christmas like January February even
March it's my least favorite time of
year which is me because it's Jonathan's
birthday in February and he is always
like hey when I say that but it's true I
just I don't know I know it's always the
one that I find the most tough but we'll
see maybe I'll change my mind if I have
a baby in that time here I'll be like oh
actually it's a nice time hey mm-hmm
look at that bum look at that nice round
bum huh I think it's full of poop though
Ciccone told me
are you tired did you take a million
years to fall asleep hi
well I have cooked up a storm oh she
isn't Fez look at this oh my god you
want it who wants it who wants it hmm
sorry I'm gonna get a parody Said's they
suit me I think they really bring out my
eyes
they make me dirty pop alright need some
plates
you know plate situation oh my glasses
situation we sang some songs and we
rocked on the rocking chair and there
she's over her little hump
she always has this little like grumpy
well not always but sometimes after a
nap if she slept a long time we'll have
a little grump yeah yeah you wanna go
down yourself like a big girl okay oh
good girl good girl
down you go ah look at you big girl yay
Oh like that cotton there there you go
good girl good girl
hey don't even think it
yeah I know after snooze delight I
missed this joke just one Cornetto give
it to me there is your dinner it is for
free are you pushing it in your way well
freezy oh yo you pushing it in her you
will eat that oh I saw you'd go run
after me over you a little bit
it's got packages and parcels of tasty
treats
seriously do them one of justified down
the tube run the season - what's Amelie
I do
Hey and then what do you do and you just
want to steal the ice no just drop it
though have to eat it end is it you got
your hands here yes I love you know mall
tomorrow I'll get the other hand in now
oh yeah the dirtier one is it okay yeah
you just throwing it on the floor and
they're just miss doing this turn up
just like you were just taking one and
then playing with it it is a new game
new dogs just keep taking it because
they see like what's this
all done here diamonds shine like lik
Ostrovsky shy right leg the Russkies
I'll be keepers like Oh jumpers oh oh
you still like this game no you just
wrote him on the floor again again no do
it
whoa it's a big one yeah give me more
hey cool dad
hey cool that I mean yeah Xavi I'll be
I'll be didn't of him she wants to think
I'm cool dude what's up hey guys my
name's lb and I'm a bit of a cool
the room full of cars and toys a
forbidden room there are your clothes no
clothes in a forbidden room I think they
ever fitted it did it did it did fitted
it did it it did huh I think she's like
she know Lister parked the car up there
speed up there for about two weeks now I
think oh oh thank you thank you all
right lovely are these juniors clothes
I don't think what okay let's leave
juniors post no no no no no no mommy
will call mentals you know if there's
one thing I've learned in this life
never upset a pregnant lady the second
thing I've learned never upset a
pregnant lady on her second pregnancy
it's dangerous
mom get you books come on just one good
boy good girl
and actually works surprisingly good too
mommy get a book get a ball
get him up good luck Oh give up no you
confused yourself you confuse yourself
in the situation get a book get a book
No
chanter here turns off that's all I'll
take you by the hand
my liege in general what did you know
once you cross the threshold Snoop Dogg
what's your pile of toys here what did
she do that
oh goodness me hmm hi guys thanks for
watching today's video
appreciate you stopping by I love you oh
yeah I'm just taking my fingers means
I'm just talking about finding his fence
I actually um I was born up from Naples
is that correct
Sorrento yes Sorrento sighs excuse me
sometimes in my ear my Italian
geographies are a little off that you oh
sorry excuse me I have a bit of a cold
Oh diddly sorry about that that's an
awful awful cold
it's an awful girl will you give me a
hug give me kisses oh this is a weird
kiss I can't give up
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
