I get like a lot of people say stuff
about us online and they gossip and make
up stuff and you know rumors and
whatever like a nice perverted find in
the online world but if you take it you
know if you take it to the real world
like that you know coming onto our
property or you know trying to you know
do something like you know it's like
there's going to be consequences that
you can't do that
- hi there
you want to get off oh you know I guess
so huh okay
hold on tight oh I don't know I don't
know this is this is the recommended
setting you want right okay whoa it's
work Oh No
man down man hello and welcome to the
rocketeers huh dragon meat is jumper
show me super shoot me jump or Tott oh
it's nice huh
mommy bought you right yesterday huh
my daddy was up conquering the mountain
of do job jokes and Raiders of the Lost
Ark to remake it's race ready go
go and win it um that more kinda junior
games you get what you got going on here
gets to time go let's go down here and
every game has this turned into
we're now pushing both of them go oh
you're waiting you're winning
hey wait wait I'm gonna need a frying
pan I'm gonna need a pot you need a pot
get that on to go all right turn the
Eternity turn Donna yeah turn it um yeah
it'll do hello it's getting my I want
fry up some bacon or something yeah good
girl huh you making dinner yes you will
you give mommy a kiss Bianca
I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna getcha all
right
just gonna have a quick chat about
something I know this um when I was
editing the video um I noticed that
there was a bit where Anna pulled a car
into the Italian shop I know and she got
it and she was talking about her parking
and I was like oh look you can actually
see um on the car see em I hope you guys
can see this line here all along here
and all along here all along here so
what happened was that I am a couple of
week on a while ago now do you remember
when I was talking about somebody I said
awesome buddy had crossed the line um
you know we didn't really clarify what
that actually was because at the time we
couldn't really do anything you know I
was trying to figure out what to do
about it so somebody came into London
commuter I had well they came to our
driveway on a keyed on this car I'm all
on the side they left a note in the door
and stuff I got you know saying that it
did in itself you know so obviously we
went to the police you know the Guardian
Ireland and you know they're trying Tara
started to look progress today we have
CCTV all around the house you know so
we're protecting we could he saw a
person do it so you know we sent it off
to the car D and then they're
investigating and they're prosecuting
this and now you know they know what a
person is they're sort of watching them
and just waiting to see if they mess up
again and that's what we never said
anything about it until you know a few
weeks ago and it was sort of like
progressed at that point now you know
we're just waiting and then they said
like all you can do what you want so oh
I probably wouldn't have said anything
because they don't like to sort of draw
a potential but then I saw this on the
video and I was like on all people
probably gonna say something the bad guy
like saying I go on a police car or
something I was like no no I didn't
scratch the car but you know on that I
just want to say like you know I get
like a lot of people say stuff a better
online and they gossip and make up stuff
and you know rumors and whatever like
that's perfectly fine in the online
world but if you take it you know if you
take it to the wheel world like that you
know coming onto our property or you
know trying to you know do something
like you know it's like there's gonna be
consequences that you can't do that you
know and like I have a wife and kids and
a family that I have to protect you know
and you know
CGV that alarm coming security gonna
kena you're trying to keep yourself just
protected I don't mind what people say
online about us I got it you know
frequency say whatever you want you know
if you I don't know I if you will say
have the stuff they do about it you know
we're just like regular old Joe Gopi and
I you know input of course like it kind
of bothers does you know that people
like constantly say so but that's one
that's just that's a complete aflutter
thing it's put like somebody combing a
new criminal damage to Anna's car like
it's like what why don't you do that you
know I mean it like sending like
birthday card saying Amelia's like
horrible things I just you know she's
really like side you know it's like but
the moral of the story is don't don't do
that you know if you do that we will
prosecute you to the full extent of the
law no holding back you know because
that's what I feel like that is the
barrier that is the minor we just don't
cross you know these are just fun
Internet videos that it's just like
every loads other people do it not just
us like and it just seems that we know
inside the wrath or something you know I
don't know why like you know we're not
special we're just ordinary people you
know what am I just already sorry for
when that happened on his car and she's
pretty upset about and we couldn't say
any better for so long because we were
trying to build a case against him you
know and em you know I know it's just
you today um I got an email from someone
saying that I'm on that forum you know
today Fanny where we live and you know
they used like Google Maps to like look
at our back garden or something like
that and they found where we live by
tracking them like whoa what yeah okay
like a
other people in court clearly know where
we live because Cork is like about this
size but like don't be just like if you
find something out like that just spray
it all over the Internet
you know Kristen like we we don't
advertise it so like don't go out there
and our behalf and everyone's up because
you don't know what is happening by that
you know so let's all be friends
friendliest of friends all right please
let's just be friends okay you know I
know I can say things wrong sometimes I
do things that are going like you know
I'm remember this is going back years
ago right but shaycarl um he makes
videos and I'm sure you know is um he
was saying that you know if he were to
dig a well in in the desert to you know
bring water to a village I had not got
water and you think that's an amazing
thing somehow someway somebody would
find that and twist out and say that he
is horrible because he's destroyed the
the grass or he's destroyed something an
enemy no matter what we do on the
internet no matter what I say it's
always there's always a way to twist
that into a negative thing you know and
it's like the only thing I don't need to
do that you know I have a positive life
you know 2014 let's make it to year
positivity and friendship that's what I
had so 2014 is gonna mean hopefully it
does and I'm pretty excited junior is
coming that's gonna be crazy I can't
believe I seen that is not even three
months you know you don't even you don't
even know maybe might come a little
earlier maybe home will come later don't
be lazy junior right I better get out of
here
but the binge watching Netflix justified
all day unless you can hear the alarm
clock is going off in the background
party's ending no more chocolate and
coffee parties this is really good
justify this really good I love that
Netflix when you find a new box that you
can just sit there for hours just
watching a million episodes it's
positive batboy Oh
I want to be here degree all the dogs do
velvet - I hear something over here
who's this over here
Amelia you okay let's go again let's go
at our munchkins hello there hello there
munchkin huh
what's she doing oh you and your workout
you doing your tricep workout huh
get your glutes in there whatever else
you call those things very ill to call
those things
hmm love this jumper come on you want to
watch some justified I know what to do
the right
probably not Oh No come on let's go huh
yeah are you there hmm you're so cute
singing this right she likes you she
wants it gets Moody and it runs back
sorry boys cooking sweety is hoody hmm
good come on wipe the tears away
come on spooley hmm really good for
Vegas
santosh keep getting them
chewing until we don't we see my plan is
we're going to get the bigger ones that
they can't fit in their mouth they can
fit these in their mouth if you get the
bigger ones they can't fit in a mat or
if you just get I have a confession I
drove out there guys are saying I was a
professional juggler mmm this is very
hard technique you can only juggle with
three the one man joke look you'll now
see that is a problem that's where I
have the dogs get them yeah we kept in
here although Cena doesn't Cena's okay
Cena's a good girl Oh Cena's a brilliant
little girl or soon as a little precious
girl oh oh no that's Cena oh do you hate
that no no no no no that's not me bye
what'd you tell her no no my name's not
yo yo Cena say it isn't hello did you
tease baby oh my goodness
what a day look at this it's so stormy
out here today
oh my goodness and I was supposed to go
to Dublin today um we're gonna go my dad
was having sort of a dinner thing like
what we did a few days ago I was like my
mom's one and then my dad was gonna do
one later on sure in a week but we just
figured that like it takes like two and
a half hours to get of Dublin said oh
you know I can't stay over because I've
stuff to do tomorrow so that would be
like five hours and maybe we'll be
asleep in the car so we decided opted
against it for them look at this like
would it be driving like this storms
it's a stormy situation feels it's such
a it's just Sunday you know they always
that week right
you know just after Christmas just
before New Year's is that week of just
sort of like limbo isn't it isn't it you
just feel like you just you're waiting
for it it's like all right yeah okay
just end a year now we were there I'll
get the tree let's pray or follow the
tree oh but then I was like that you
know that sort of limbo week where we'll
just I'd literally I've watched eight
episodes to justify today I feel
justified in my actions of watching hit
episodes to justify but it's that kind
you know after Christmas you know box
adds food you know just like chillaxing
waiting for New Year's make all these
crazy resolutions to be a better person
I'm so off and so bored but right now I
think we should just pop into this chap
yeah well it seems quite busy tonight
man but Papa Joe is loving it I look
what nem has got out okay what do you
guys want you can comment to me no I
always deliver it to you but I have
never lured you where you focus so this
is it Irish my car looks like though boo
boo boo I'm gonna chicken a chicken
legend salsa yummy I don't like the Big
Macs
I'm a legend I'm a bit of a legend to
myself alright I'm now opening the
window to the last possible moment save
myself you sitting here with Junior
junior jokes junior jokes dopey huh you
believe it's like less than 90 days he
just kicked right now then he heard me
talking hey Junior
oh yeah look at them that are gonna be a
tap dancer or a footballer
that's the 90 days oh my goodness like
let's go in there oh my goodness I was
trying to look at the app as well I'm
trying to get an angle on it for you
guys no booger nose
thank you yeah look her just out of the
back
here I don't know long it is now getting
this look at these girls I'm gonna sing
at the back you only find your little
app waiting for you you heading heating
join us now on baby you 50/50 except for
drinking all the pies right guys little
rise good at that new ad no I'm getting
sleepy too oh I should yawn
if what should you say bye bye
friendliest friends see you guys
tomorrow bye bye honey when you whoa hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
