let's get everything ready we need to
get our Bobby Brown yeah oh my goodness
it's a serious situation folks there's
another baby coming and we're taking
everything out of this
good morning if you find yourself like
this come December and you haven't got
your bins coming for quite a while this
is the technique I use get yourself a
chair looks like it yourself you want to
pass pasta paid to me no no we're not
recycling her hi there right daddy
didn't even daddy just got dumped what
yeah yeah like she's gonna dig up on me
we're gonna hit the back of the garden
as you can see the weight is pretty good
it's breathing and I see I hope they
meant isn't cover nice think how I'm
dressed on my back dear we're gonna go
friend you come with me Mina down to
mine I think with the kids bike in the
back oh it's a hardtail so wouldn't be
any space boy to punch it down the
mountain huh my friend does not have to
stay outside in the cold I wouldn't
blame them it's freezin as their lives
by credit card
it's really cool isn't it like been in
the car but we're all I'm so excited
we're going to conquer the man provided
we don't reach loads of ice and we slide
off the mountain each cheek but yeah
it's gonna be deadly like you actually
did it we made it to my mom's house just
a bit I got stuck I can't reverse to
save my life anyway so I mean I got
another present and yeah
is this for you sometimes it's nice to
get things after Christmas oh thank you
I'm getting it
oh that's that's yours look you have to
open it elephant an elephant kiss is
long and to Tootie oh look it has a baby
one inside okay if I open it tall rich
time City all right you've got some told
me hi there hi hi
just pop them in all right it's fleas
off Cobra asked me about the everything
all right let's see the difference of 20
here does peace go well here does please
go
oh my god could you imagine if it was
snowy at the top of the mountain oh my
god that would be like athlete wouldn't
it haha I have winter tires on the bike
I got them on a few weeks ago so that
might help the situation
daddy elephant to another baby to toot
good girl good girl and she's wearing
her juillet again because Erik had got
it for her and I wanted Erik had to say
I think it's so cute and then the only
sad thing is she's not a hundred percent
used to her boots yet you know she's
just plus they are a bit big for her so
she trips sometimes when she's wearing
them and I mean we kind of just got them
for not like a joke but just you know
for in the house and stuff but she loves
because I went i this morning I was like
get your shoes when we were getting
ready to go and she got her penis shoes
and then she started crying when I put
on the bugs and I was like oh god this
is so cruel but her shoes are actually
too small for her so I need to get her
some more like proper walking shoes and
Clark's
this is an old Irish town it's called
kill I'm talking here do you mind
is this your videos is this your vlog
haha yeah I think it's called killed
dairy or something like that oh oh we go
Oh see you later little town turtle own
their nuts all right back on Christie
Christie Christie sing us a song okay
look at this that's the line right there
maybe has first time in the Italian
battle horror mountains
oh my brother's texting me said it's
like jammers here today
all right someone's gotta go someone's
got to get some money are you gonna get
another Pandora they actually have like
figurines in them that she could collect
so have a lot here this is the Italian
shop in the boot specialties in where
are we can it's near the Kinsale roads
and about it they have a website but
it's just called the boots specially if
they have like all Italian stuff we've
been here before but I don't think I
can't remember if the media show just oh
yeah maybe her from yeah that's water
jinkies look almost getting tossed on I
think we're having passed on to my media
well we get for that you would get one
of these I think Johnson wants one of
these wait can you hold that it's very
heavy
oh good girl oh it's so heavy
here I'll help you I'll help you come on
this way this way come on good because
Jonathan was completing he was like my
panettone is finished so we need to get
him another one yeah that's for dad dad
we get something else going try hey
penny cue
yeah I eat the cracker Erica gave her
some cheese and she took some right she
was like hmm
look what Amelia found in the whole
entire shop she found this Peppa Pig
stocking I didn't even see it before if
we Peppa so big in Italy she's huge
so they have a lot of Peppa things do
you want that I don't know if I should
get that for you it's not Christmas
anymore
cuz you already got a lot of stuff it's
nice so wait look we're getting this we
put this in the basket fine let's put
this in the basket put it in mommy fun
skit look come here come here
Emmy here in media put it in here look
in here I mean yeah can you put it in
can you put it in I know she's losing
the curative clear in put it in
put in if you put it in then we can take
it home okay both it's so cold it
actually snow actual snow up here we're
gonna head up there
we got a chain chain as you hopefully
there's no like way off top
did you miss the snow boulders here no
oh my god parking on point it's
impossible but I did it we're heading to
have some lunch
in Nando's it's probably super windy
here what ransom in business golf lay
down there after the branch that's going
onto the road the white one and then you
go up there and then you go straight
down yeah that's the way we're going
over here first and then back around me
as I end up the crayon know what you're
getting
I don't even really know you know are
you coloring
I decided
where's the man
man
with me
like Amelia a little nandino she got
cherry tomato
chicken strips and I got water blankets
we did some coloring all my color that's
great
oh we hit the snow here we hit the snow
is this deadly mountain biking on snow
it's a first for me
oh my goodness is so cool yeah yeah I
mean some new shoes you get into the new
shoe shoes licking purrs are a little
bit small
I think she's gone up like half size so
it's not too much but
you're gonna get on there
I think that's for big girls we went
with these great ones do you like them
we'll keep them on and me yeah
I like them because they're kind of like
a neutral color but they've got some
thinking too
come on show your shoes show your new
shoes what are you doing
try your new shoes you know just storm
we had recently in court we thought of
trees and everything how do I calm down
that's crazy much I think they'll come
down oh you're like blown past here that
was not being fun
all right back on the horse so amazing
here isn't it that's all right that is
where accidents going inside the car hey
cool is it that you can actually fit the
bike in the car
good bye thank you very much we achieved
it
my goal for 24 2013 we did it huh
now right bike friends oh yeah sure dude
ha ha it's my friend now my phone died
died we wrote the men's and I wanted to
get a picture of on the snowy but I'm
good thing at this vlog camera also
happens to be a camera that takes
photographs so I was able to take a
photograph so I'm going to I am it's Ted
email it over to the phone later on so I
can put it on Instagram I was like oh my
god I got the dry I got the site drive I
got the cycle on snow
I'm a snow cycler it's my cooler it's my
cooler a snorkel and this Michael we did
some major dump damage in well I didn't
eat our I got some baby clothes I got
some baby clothes for junior and I got
some stuff for Amelia obviously as well
I should got a Peppa Pig stuff
oh yeah I don't think the babies you
want yeah that's not actually you're
ignoring me so we are so tired we were
gonna go somewhere else to home for more
but the traffic coming out of mountain
point was so crazy
say bye Erica say bye bye
I feel the exact same way friend I feel
he got good don't pull her is I hope we
pop don't Jim banisters please inside
all right that's not what I meant to go
hmm
oh my goodness oh we're all in the
packet tired hymns if your name is Tim
hi hi Tim hi Tim tired Tim nights you
wake up and you always like the pony
right I'm gonna say good night more
friends because we have not got the
energy to go on we must all take snoozy
naps
well pretty early I'm better pretty lady
especially
oh oh it's be tired ever since I made
you huh
what's gonna happen there what's gonna
happen in three months like literally
you know it's like the 28th today so
it's like the 29th you guys which means
it's pretty much January I will call it
January yeah I won't call January 2014
you know you know stomp dance stomp
January February March that's all that's
all she wrote we're in the third
trimester situation folks the babies are
coming the babies that come underneath
the pack the gold bag weights get
everything ready we need to get our
Bobby Brown yeah oh my goodness it's a
serious situation folks there's another
baby coming
and we're taking everything out of this
are you going for the I pilot thingy
yeah urban yeah that's the one uh-huh
these are the three that you always seem
to get hmm little traitor you always
seem to get friend okay
you say mate well friends thank you see
you guys tomorrow
oh no no where'd it go
we're in big trouble friend don't hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
