mmm okay
happy Stevens day really is having
Dalal's wants to breakfast friend pepper
pandoro radios friend you turn
everything on huh
see booboo babies well let's go get some
breakfast oh hi hi hi hi how are you hi
hi sorry I can't talk Kentuck hi hi hi
how are you sorry can't talk hi hi how
are you second hi hi hi hi hi whose new
glasses that I ever got me we drank
coffee there last night because they're
so cool looking
you don't get as much obviously as
americano or a Cole Porter they're so
cool looking
oh cool looking is that little thing huh
it's so cool isn't like a little baby
Guinness though hi guys and welcome to
what a was it this is my Christmas
breakfast is where I've been having
every day I've got the grapefruit red
grapefruit the pandoro
and then especially after 11 and 11 by
the way yeah I've had 12 a bit too a bit
too and hardcore with terriers of mine
no it's because I wasn't used to it so I
figured I usually have 10 so in avenues
Neil Evans now work my way up
now I Fred what's immunity happened hmm
pandoro and orange juice very similar to
mine
- the coffee hmm you guys waiting for
some it's so cool because she got this
the campervan from Emma and then she got
one little you get pepper with it right
and then a picnic basket and then in her
Pandora's she got these little figurines
she got candy cat and daddy pig so she's
got like a few different ones but we
need to collect all the Peppa's like the
Peppa sets it's actually supposed to be
like aged 3 plus or something but I mean
I always just she's actually not the
kind of baby anymore she used to be
obviously when she was smaller but she
does not would you put toys into her
mouth anymore
it's like ever she knows the difference
so I'm not worried once I'm supervising
her I'm not really worried and seeing I
just got a
poopy bum so we have this special
shampoo stuff it's like it's called fox
poo it's actually for Fox pills which I
didn't know when I got it you know the
name kind of gives away but I thought
because it just said the specially
formulated shampoo that gets rid of poo
I was like oh my god so so none of that
happens like with long haired dogs or
probably dogs in general but you have to
clean their bums if they have eaten
something funny and you know it's gross
but you have to do it so well actually
it's now that I'm pregnant because I
don't want ten failure dog poo when I'm
pregnant it's kind of Jonathan's job
only so poor Jonathan had to do it but
that's why he probably shouldn't feed
your dog's chicken or turkey I mean
Christmas dinner they didn't get a lot
but yeah Sina is naked right now she
doesn't have resent the food I because
she had a little accident which is fine
now I need to brush you guys out again
hmm where's your bone movies did you
drop it someplace I think I saw it
somewhere I don't know if I showed you
guys this little backpack that's from my
OMA who went home today I'm kind of
upset because she was supposed to go
home tomorrow and she lives in Galway
and this was her birthday present cuz
her birthday's today and I was gonna
head over with the media today to give
her her present and then my mom texted
me like at 10 o'clock this morning which
we were still in bed because I didn't
plan on getting up early do they at all
cuz I feel like Stephen's Day is always
a relaxing day and I just assumed that I
could just kind of go over whenever but
she texted me and she said that she
wants to go home because there's a
hurricane warning or I don't know she's
afraid her house is gonna blow away or
something but so she's gotten the bus
home already and I won't get to give her
her present and I didn't even get to say
goodbye proper time I said goodbye but
like I didn't get to say goodbye
properly I didn't know I wasn't gonna
see her again for a long time so I'm
kind of upset about that
their president just sitting over there
but I guess I can post it we have an
emergency situation
I don't have an emergency well our
cleaning lady is away obviously for
Christmas and this man this man badly
okay
we bought I've never used we bought it
for her kind of because she said she
liked that it was for this floor because
it's such a massive floor yeah so she
does that twice a week and I have never
used it before I vacuum every day well
except for the two days that she's here
obviously but and I I woke up this
morning and today's one of the days that
she comes and I was like because I was
like I need you best and I need to cook
taste she's I need to do all of the
sudden see that usually does but anyways
this is one of the things that she does
and we're just trying to figure it out
really oh why is the Christmas tree
shaking like yes like this all right you
know I think she just goes yeah I'll be
tell us much pepper Zoe like that did
something there look what are you doing
I know where didn't work media I usually
loves watching her do it because I'd be
stylin while in there
yeah it's supposed to be like night it's
supposed to kill like 98% or 99% of
germs or something I thought so because
we have six dogs and they're always in
and out and stuff like it's just the
best I think ok I'm gonna get out of
your way
yeah really mm-hmm mmm nice yeah Bianca
way out here oh all the time
okay we need to get immediate dress
meaning is asleep just got some foxes
biscuits some fizzy orange soda which is
Tamil and Thomas favorite you guys love
hey Susie orange let's me fifty orange
used to bikini and Cal that like I'm
soda
no it's at everyone in Arlen cause it
tamil physiologic all right
goes on I tell you this is epic by the
way yeah you think I hear you
I think I hear you hi are you doing well
there ain't no party like a ball pit
party let's get the balls back out oh oh
yeah
which of us with you balls let's make
this thing up your friend as far as I
know there's a fork all right baby let's
go make this up oh I don't give mommy a
kiss that's building this you gonna help
Jesus
we're gonna build a what everyone inside
yeah
oh you got me more balls
breach breach in reach all aboard all
aboard you got a deal
Bianca Bianca ah there are six doggies
in the ball pit and that your flock your
Shepherd did you imagine with juniors in
there as well
she has an appointment with an ASMR
appointed go peepees newbie
okay come on let's go they gotta like me
oh my goodness is a storm going don't
worry about no no no no you have to go
yeah happy he's being that RT sorry you
guys you gotta go peepees uh-huh come on
just do the P piece you cut my kid did
it move you can do it you have jackets
on seriously
torrential rains out here today in court
give that to a doggy friend yang T oh no
Bianca Co P door good girl
give it to newbies good girl
Nevaeh Nevaeh present FINA Nina no
Xena and I'll be are you gonna give it
to Albie give it to lb just a good girl
yeah newbie yeah not you uh-uh
next time I'll give up no hmm I can't of
it
it's a nice biscuit where the parents
ever come across this problem you know
it's like you're cooking for two and a
half and sometimes like will incorporate
her portion into it but then it's like
fighting things you know making meals in
twos and fours and sixes but making a
meal in a tree so making my trick is to
make a meal like we'd have make it for
two
but bulk it out so like taking this and
then just like torn to right into here
right so let me mix it all together and
kind of end up with like the pork as a
version for two which kind of turns into
a version for three sometimes it works I
know it's just another trick out there
but I would say when juniors here you
can make tree and then give them a half
a portion each you know when it's like
at the moment sometimes it's like those
that are going to be tons left over or
just too little this way it kind of
worked out it's very important to go to
fund align after Christmas
unfortunately one design isn't available
we're just gonna have to make our
I don't like it get your makeup oh no I
get your neck up oh boy
you got more you just put you there you
got enough room for another fella but
wait the media the media that's it busy
hey you dress me
you dress it also a band okay my turn my
turn you said that me following you
like he wants to play he wants to play
rugby but Christmas hug 40 oh love to
you gives you a kiss Melia Amelia you're
so funny see if she likes it is storming
out there starmon Marvin we may have
overdone it wit decides don't say that
bad mmm it tastes like fun
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
tomorrow
20 millisecond helping hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and dont forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
