ah he's probably break to come in
because of all the dogs
oh yeah he's smart just keep this one
sells not Telemedia no trying do it okay
under great little helpers
Christmas to you tomorrow which is today
for you but it's tomorrow and that's of
course you live in New Zealand or
Australia stronger or maybe you live in
Asia or someone like that where
Christmas was like a month ago because
was oh you got with 2014 light things
about me already there
hi neighbor I forget there's the big
window there you look for any beautiful
today that's just how you do a proper
way not to you - a proper way you start
from the shoulders you and then the arm
all the waiter what huge that's gonna
keep getting bigger
no just disappear I don't understand it
looks like 50 at 40 weeks
technically it's its first Christmas
yeah I hope you're being good well you
might come yeah yes Amelia last year was
too young
yeah oh yeah javadocs gonna do that huh
might get a bag of coal like uh what's
the name of that guy from grim that
Dwight was as well you know how do you
guys Joe you guys west us office when
Dwight came as German pumping stomping
and he was like he had to be equip and
he beat people brush yeah I didn't be
people like but then that wasn't and
then a few days ago I'm Graham or like a
week or two ago they had their Christmas
special and it was that guy for like the
actual demon version of that guy and he
was like beaten people like evil Santi
even come with you guys no I think it's
a German tradition or something isn't it
a fairy tale thing yeah jokes in the
shower so I was just watching a media
like of course she's not doing it
anymore but I gave her all my nail
polishes
and I was just watching her and she
turned the box over and then like put
them all like in rows like like you
would in a shop you know I mean it
wasn't like exact you know she's not one
of those like genius kids or anything
but like like this like what she's doing
okay she's not doing anymore but she had
them all are you gonna put them all on
the box this may or may not be a huge
mistake
Christmas Eve shopping did look yeah
good no key there fella you just ask oh
is closed for a couple of days and then
we were kind of away and stuff so we
didn't get a chance to stock up and some
food food and supplies mainly biscuits
right still order for like the 27th yeah
I just got another order in yeah we're
not gonna buy too much stuff but we need
to get the doggies those they're
presents for for them to open in the
morning when Amelia's openers and stuff
so we need to hook that up and then
we're pretty much set I think but I just
hope this isn't gonna be mental Mentos
Leah's situation I just think that town
yeah maybe 10 at my hunting our fall I'm
hopefully this shopping center here
which mainly just has a supermarket hope
so
town was like it was there were spaces
when I was walking through the
chiropractor's like yeah we're not going
to that one I know we're not that's why
I'm driving because we figure it might
be an awkward parking situation you did
quite well blocking off the entire car
park like but that's the rules though if
somebody else does it you're like hey
that guy's doing it
everyone parks wrong in Douglass course
though you know in the white lines if
someone else parties like hey that's it
that's an official parking space that's
the parking rules okay scratch
everything like that it's so simple
there's like tons of spaces what's not
tons but there's quite a lot of spaces
good morning again my Christmas me
friendlies friend that's an a it's an
buckle you here just wrote it up I'm
gonna try this
I never usually get sandwiches but it
looks pretty nice I wanted something
Christmassy something Christmassy
maybe you get a kids for sure yeah the
smaller version
Oh attractive so for the meeting against
this one tiny piece of mom comes in a
sandwich right let's get out of here
friends that was just so bad so we've
come here sweet cakes mmm wait what this
is here to prepare a child and sandwich
that's how it's done folks
that's a good friend huh miss fuller for
longer and also I stopped the pies one
this should get me through that that
should get me two kisses it's so good
we got a window seat because there's no
one over here that's Douglas have you
ever wondered if you ever curious what
the Douglas Christmas tree looks like
after their host take it this is so hard
I'm going to find a cardigan for Amelia
for her Christmas dress because it's
gonna be too cold with that one and it
needs to be like a specific type of pink
and
and I don't know why I left it till the
last minute I just kept forgetting but I
had to do this we have tapes here - what
kind of need tights that can come from
the Kids Corner horror waiting
hey hey he's probably full in bed all
day long you know what's his name her
name putting quite of she like cuddling
friends this is a rescue or something
it's so cute
that's a dog a dog jumps it's like
teeny-tiny because great curiosity does
the tomorrow morning he's terrified of
this little pig over here yeah maybe
this shoe over here
hilarious just like a giant shoe oh my
god we just met like it wasn't like it's
really gold tiny little bathroom yes I
couldn't actually feel me because I was
just too much oh my god this is amazing
any videos like putting a little finger
there I think i knows banya buying
Cooper to him
maxi's you do the thing where you can
buy food and they bite second you
creator and just give it away I got one
giving that one hopefully would you get
seven and where do they actually go
beneath the grapefruit
here no don't actually eat it okay we
just need to put them in here
okay let's go let's go find mom whoa
pineapple pineapple it's always mayhem
here testers are closing for like two
days over Christmas so it's always like
mayhem in here oh I think we found him
maxi's you are out of the Christmas
things please dad huh
who's that the little reindeers for
single bells oh he doesn't fancy went
okay cute they look about his tradition
because come on yours Andy Daly
reindeers for example are you setting
kind of an example are you setting
oh yeah I'll be under there look under
your fares gonna freeze up is that for
an Alsatian or something give me the
phone give me the phone give me the
phone
let's go baby you and this one twas the
night before Christmas know who was
watching waiters up the Lost Ark Indiana
Jones eyelids favorite we have all the
presents left who have to wrap those on
us though so don't don't don't look at
those ones where's my pretty where's my
present in my room in my room
haha fewer where's the big one hmm
well huh
sandy better come to me Ariba trouble a
snorter yes are you gonna dance Norton
what do you startin
hey watching this that don't an airport
thing oh my goodness look at this mess
you're gonna put them back French but
the box is already if you guys have
money I'm Christmas well I don't know
now when I was a kid we'd always have
like a bath or shower and you put on
like your Christmas pajamas
you got Christmas pajamas then you have
like a new dad or something made up and
everything I mean I was learning to put
things away Santa's gonna be so happy
put it back put it back put it back
again in the get on a nice list good
girl yeah come on if you want Santa to
come
you need to pick up all of these baby Oh
Christmas pajamas
what's my name Oh Joe must web story
you're gonna read tonight you're gonna
read the 1940s yeah it's more like a
growing up yeah yeah pictures that's how
I like books I don't like the word eBook
I like to picture books big girl mmm
nice kernels friend yeah this is not
working ash
look it looks all right from that side
Oh looks pretty good also got this big
box the mock-up I got these ones for
Amelia these are millions of lugs and I
got a pair a pair as well oh stop there
diamond dogs they come in free diamonds
happy Christmas
he distracted in it's so cool okay so
you need to dismantle this kitchen I
never thanked you at this kitchen
yeah but the size of it you know it's a
cool-looking note have I done myself
again with my rapping skills prepare
yourselves let's kill those you comes in
huh yeah a fan of Peppa Pig way yeah
good job messy but when she comes into
play
Suzie it's taking about it was just like
noise I thought that the roof was broken
again ha amy has asleep maybe I fell
asleep
as soon as I put her down he's probably
afraid to come in because of all the
dogs
oh yeah he's smart no trying to do it
okay
I wonder get your little helpers Shh
oh by the way everyone should press the
like button and I think that helps Santa
Claus Santa Claus tons of percent
opposed
good job boss
okay Merry Christmas hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
