we wish you a Merry Christmas Happy New
Year good morning
tis just I and my friend McFly hey McFly
hey McFly
oh goodness Mama's gone she has left us
ebon done Oh what's my name
so I'm still here I supposed to get
about 4:00 this morning but em
torrential rains and storms have them
halted my fun we do we do we do we do we
do really really wanted finished year
out by conquering that mounted on the
28th of December it looks like the storm
one of the past clear a clear and
present danger has gone he'll be come on
really want to do it forty in the air to
have completed cuz I only got into I
only started we already started doing to
buy anything in like four months since
we got into it we've almost was done
like so many travels around the country
we've racked up quite a lot and it's
been an so much like three or four times
a week since then we're beasts in it and
add it we could finish the year off by
doing this look at my crazy parking okay
we're at the ballet school because I
knew that I would not be able to get
parking in Douglas is where we are
because a my finger hair done and I put
on break tonight yeah and I just could
have made up this face you're actually
supposed to be able to drive through
this car park but this car park there so
I just partly put a bit and I'm a half
like on a curb cut so whatever but you
have to do it Christmas okay alright
pass
Choa Choa Choa Choa Choa Choa Choa it
yeah oh hey nice job joy
yeah look it's a banter
don't fall behind there this is actually
where John say about my GHD I can see
them over there
I have been so long
between these darts and now it's really
really bright move the guy's a variety
of build Amelia's a kitchen how cool is
it there's a kitchen in there I decided
to get you someone to come and build the
kitchen
rather than me putting it together just
in case Oh
having lured me with a board just
printing pictures I never knew you could
do this to forget those eyes on the
table okay I have to do this
yeah one and then it's selected you get
an ISIL and Qibla and you connect your
iPhone instead of having to put it on a
card every time I just take one yeah I
think this is for Eliza
and I'm ieast got her break your present
too
so I'm looking for my grandmother in it
after her birthday
and one of my sons suggested a duvet set
I don't know what science my bed is I
don't know if it's single or double I
think might be double this is really
hard it's doable
America was trouble I think her dad's
quite big what hotel is that a good
pursuit and then she exchanged it if
it's not raised are you chasing the dog
thread and then grooming them are you
she's chasing around with the brush I'll
hide enough when the coach huh looking
for any I'm looking for some things but
I think I might make a stocking for so
I'm gonna find some stuff no she's
really into coloring right now and like
markers I'm kidding I'm sure that's cash
and if I need some pepper pigs could use
both let's keep them in here though no
peeking
I got it it's okay did you using
something so I'm heading back when it's
time trying to headed back when he
turned it is my 23rd is Denver going to
town could be the worst mistake of my
life
we're gonna bite dad Dublin doing it
over your address on the stair boy down
it was a giant queue so I was like
that's cool
just pick it up and get home and we got
home I'm like was that a stupid mistake
so I'm gonna see if I can even get
parking and merchants key this metolius
today mentor I just dropped Emma an air
kind town her drinks with Christmas
shopping I I'm so tired and all we well
we didn't really do that much but I just
think going in when it's so packed makes
me so tired but anyway I don't mind like
going into town once I don't have to
park I have a devilish plan I figured
I'm gonna park all the way out here
because I'm a bit out of town but I'm
gonna walk the rest of the way there's a
figure it might be quicker then she's
pedestrian exit no Amelia loves coming
to Oma's house because she gets peppa
pig yogurt Peppa Pig wait she met him
again as well like my love please to get
the cops after been an hour of queuing
eventually got my coffees and I got the
oh dear I forgot last time so the last
longer you get a little treat that's not
what's that so teddy bear oh my god I
feel it from you okay we're back we make
our functional I got something I got
this open its up
warm team I got my copy okay that's fine
Macari okay that should be enough to get
us through the holidays
look I got this new one look it I think
is this it here it's a it's like a dad I
got two of them I got this one and
there's another one in here somewhere
no that's this special Christmas one I
got two new ones
oh here it is these are like normally I
think ten was the highest they went to
they now do an 11 and a 12 so I got at
the 11 and 12
I'm not sure which ones which I'll pick
me up some man boxes it biscuit baskets
come here to me weird to me lads
geez Albert P it off it off
Teddy today that's Headley Hedley Lamarr
he comes in you know Hedy Lamarr's from
huh you drop the beads like seriously in
I just made now is yesterday's tone no
picture I just had to put on Instagram
like she's so beautiful
I make beautiful babies okay yeah
actually put into text I dragged into
Photoshop so that I don't all those
Instagram or P things stealing the
picture cuz I was like it's too good for
you so I'll stick to sit here to try and
disrupt the flow of pictures oh what's
this now huh a guy need clothes this is
the best present ever
oh my goodness we plan on getting one
for her I know I don't think I would
offend this one getting this is so much
better because of thing well I was just
hitting had the dog chained today I
think she wants the dogs in there oh oh
you guys very Fraser you take this no
well I would have put a muffin
what's going on
you ready yeah Eddie it's gonna rain oh
yeah those more bites won't know we have
to piss
yeah but be careful well yeah we'll get
another bike all aboard
when the dogs here's those boys do you
know that look at her top at math I mean
yeah where are you
are you everywhere
come on it's like that I died years ago
for Sony or something that all the balls
you were right I know somebody else
remember and all the balls like Shh no
it was when they first bribed the LCD
Sony TV's what no it wasn't even real
anyway sorry case you actually yeah or
appreciated that one that one came to
the studio I was working out for I used
to live in London sorry about that
did so anyone with the balls yeah sorry
about that folks
did I ruin your dreams there's always
the weights everything and then just a
new game ready let's go
okay huh let's get a big one let's get a
big one give it a push it's coming back
it's coming back well well can you get
that up wicked this carry on now
I did you like tea over here she could
be rough with you you know you can take
it the most like it needs really quickly
oh we're gonna I'm gonna see if I can
try and find it or a big bag of those
balls like 100 or 200 as far as he knows
that's that's 100 yeah it doesn't mean
it doesn't even see now much like I say
you win choice yeah yeah but I say look
if you get like a like I don't know you
need like very 500 that's 100 not even
fight like a thousand almost or
something like to completely fill this
thing to the top would it be so cool
when your friend huh
I could fit in there hmm
you tried to escape friend Hey I mean he
got married oh my god Amelia did you get
money too
did you marry mom did your mom didn't
ask me permission huh
that's the dumb thing oh my god imagine
some boy comes up to you one day and I
asked me dick if you're watching this
and you're like looking back on Amelia's
life because you're so in love with her
and you're like I better prepare myself
to ask mr. saucony Jolie
don't call me hi sir for your hand in
marriage just you know just you know
there'll be a there will be a checklist
there'll be a forum you'll have to fill
in 700 pages huh seven hundred pages
long brand you got an engagement ring
and a wedding ring well aren't you doing
well what are you doing are you escaping
where's that are you escaping Escapist
where'd you hide your brush I know where
ya going
I know where you're going hey you're
going meeting you've got moisturizers
all over your face
you're very moist oh boy where's mommy
please mommy where's mommy
oh come on let's go let's go into mom go
go go go go go I mean II hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
