what it's the initial one oh really like
pounding as well yeah I'm gonna hand in
the shoulder hit one and hit walk when
you get this
princess Amelia princess Amelia missing
someone else though I missing someone
else
good morning and welcome to the
teas this is someone in here
well of it's Albert Albert Albert Albert
you're so cute huh you look so grown up
yeah your pepper toothbrush you got your
pepper testing on you're wearing
probably a pepper to taste
you're up up down Amelia do you want
juice water milk or some mo a what do
you want I'll go with juice okay all
right oh we're organizing some ass you
sign up the cards for everyone who
didn't get a science card huh good
morning it's Sunday
sweetie sweetie Sunday we decided to go
down to get breakfast every realize you
running a hotel but so I decided to
cross on glass oh my a below Bonjour as
you know Bailey Johnny Barney and the
bear cross on ah ha ha ha we're gonna
get some grass out tasty cross I was
published on that donal shekel ask all
bottles Ozzy
it's learning a stolen espressos only
got one honor I think that's what is the
D Kappa nacho but only got one lap
because I drank the rest of them so this
is this is my free stolen coffee I'm
having right now thankfully for your
free coffee blanks for free
what do you have it well you haven't hey
don't get your thing all messed up put
your pom pom pom pom as mom oh my god I
gotta pay more for Christmas
first of all ignore this okay grateful
but look this is what emedia wanted to
do oh no he's slipping yet no careful
careful careful oh oh no we ran over our
Albie no Jonathan be careful oh yeah
okay this is what you wanted to do
though she did not want to go in by
herself I tried to put our invited a
doggie bag and she's a banger buzzes
tanka yeah these don't fit Bianca's
small Cisco Katie donkey frame holding
their Bianchi you got a hold on there
girl
but yeah the underneath piece is not
there but look at her oh you want a
donkey who you aren't doing this one Oh
baby got you touch my limiter
oh my goodness soon as you all she
wanted like she wouldn't go in until
David oh you go girl
I like the Mercedes Z so do i so if
you're white - Moriches it's my night
cream business damn I say this is my
time
Oh jeepers his father so let's make up
you will listen to me when I'm talking
to you right I am going into Mercedes
right because this is my car little
rituals you can have to cook cause equal
pay I have the Mercedes now why fish it
on why is she coming over to me hello
hey you getting in I join us and help
push it there doesn't look at your work
hard
oh yeah
she needs to go in first and then the
dog she just doesn't get it it's so
funny but look no now she's gonna get
pissed okay so my name's Megan we're
going
let's bring Bianca for a spin this is
your life now this is the second lace
listen to me nuh I guess got her r1 why
is nobody taking pictures of this oh my
god
hold on I need to get the picture this
is so cute Oh get it get it get it get
it you guys are so cute yeah if I hide
over her like this is my girl cruising
with the soft top oh the Roadster Oh was
that around me first
Amelia media is a DP over like she gets
so much related she just loves doing
okay thank you thank you thanks very
much no thank you
hangar three again no no no no no we'll
get the end get out of there okay okay
because there's an apnea no no no let me
out let me out with your face I love
this hair I know let's cool though well
see you looks over the fringe look put
your fringe down don't shake it shake it
put a fringe that it does no no what we
cook okay please go away
no seriously seriously what are you
looking at and you look cool like that
you look good with short hair you know
you know you're never do but seriously
if you had short hair yeah you've got
you know licking them America's takes up
miles where they always like cut their
hair you look good in short hair you're
such a good face and bone structure you
want to go on a date right then
it can be I think it looks cool like if
you have a good enough face to work it
that's why I'm sure hair my impressive
bone structure that's why I'm Elia
Shorthair yeah is I have a plan I think
I'm gonna start we've got pizza party
Friday night
what about Subway Sunday's subway sweaty
Sunday sweaty so I don't want a sweaty
sandwich sweaty Sunday Subway sandwich
sorry sorry Sunday sandwich huh we just
wouldn't mind a bit a Sun to kind of
bring it all together but we can have it
son what do you think I think we could
start this off could be a new trend oh
goodness
it's just so handy narrative open one
found in Douglas it's like Poulos
Coolio's you have to drive by McDonald's
first but you like that's cool that's
all cool I would choose subway over
McDonald's anytime except Subway's they
kind of closed early so I'm that's why
you always end up in the old
drive-through they should drive to
everything oh hi hi did you just come
back from shopping did you do some
damage your bridge huh what the Amelia
wait to get those bags you looking
through presents again we need to put
some clothes on you stat why even have
anything that matches here I love one
thing okay this is gonna come cascading
down so I'm thinking of moving her into
the cupcake room like pretty soon we
just need to get a toddler bed for her
um well we're not actually getting a
toddler bed we're just getting a bed but
it's the kind of bed that we are
thinking of getting is low down to the
ground so we might get like a little
railing for it or something but you can
build them up then to be like bunk beds
or not bunk beds that's not what I'm
gonna say like a bed that's on top of
like it's about two levels kind of thing
so it's like a bunkbed but that's the
one that we're looking at oh I couldn't
find any parking anyway
usually respond inside some way but as
mental so I have to walk ya the chilly
one the spicy chilly one you yeah
yeah yeah subway Sunday sweaty man
subway Sunday sweaty party you join
yourself with Sunday sweaty party hmm
you get your Capri Sun fresh huh mm-hm
y'all got one go to sleep
my lovely after you baby baby oh it's
nice and toasty okay let's put you know
I know you guys hi welcome to cribs come
on
this is it okay whoa look at that
where you go you can't like lounge here
whoa okay careful a little creepy I know
whoa all right they say this is where
all the magic happens they do it okay so
basically we have not got the storage
yet like the bins cuz we need to get
bins for Jonathan's I'm just gonna leave
this here that's dopey rules public good
okay that well clean it in here yeah
yeah yeah younger part yeah he's like
what wait a second I went to sleep
everything change do you like it so nice
and clean Wow we look normal but you can
run around you running around cuz it's
so big he moved the filing cabinet dude
um we still have the bike inside because
we don't have a garage or a bed or
anything um and like it was you can also
get like the wall-mounted
they're what I am but it's so filthy
though
yeah I'm pretty glad tomorrow so it
always gets filthy every time well goes
how to get more focus though be dancin
show me your pizzas turn this website
have a San Francisco Musical Society or
summarize what has this composer where
you can just make your own songs up huh
we start playing with it and she started
dancing put your hands up up put your
hands up
Oh show like give it shoulder give it
shoulder give it Louis I'll work it work
it work it go on okay girls lift those
hands and lift your hands what are you
doing here
what it's the initial one oh really like
pounding is all yeah we're gonna hand in
the shoulder to hip one hip walk when
you get this throw her like we do this I
know that the hip walk return the ball
crusher
right then I did a handstand immediate
mine exploded it was so funny she just
did not oh it's daddy going daddy a kiss
oh I was so cute way to say it though
where's daddy
Oh Oh God I see you so cute just like
checking that you're okay is that your
real back to normal
wanna try baby no turn around off you
ready one two whoa oh my it's tender
luckier than actually what throw her
into a pit of crazy dog Pataki
you ain't that doggy what gonna pick her
up no kicker
oh well now in a vast been heavy she did
try and pick up the hill yesterday Oh
thumbs up for this carry on yeah good
girl oh yeah the Train I know my friend
Shane you chopped Leah how's my little
sister although we left apart
yeah we have to connect the party and
she tried sitting on it and training oh
yeah she knew what it was it's just a
little bit here a connect
yeah she does try and sit on it and then
push and I'm like ah the 20 of the Chuck
she knows what it is you do okay it's
weird
maybe she's a transfer my street
give me a voice it doesn't mean it like
what's the point of even holding on to
the train bed oh my god she's so worried
Amelia fake da da da who do you love
Lady gaga
okay can we say Gaga very badly make
that change
yeah all night long well then it keeps
calling you guys like are you still
there really okay see you later bye
last call are you still there yeah so
annoying yes Addison they're like
imagine her face okay it's calling your
attention now give daddy a hug
oh okay we just had a dance we had a
dance mber Amelia's Warner's there's a
bit of a delay so that was a few that
was a few minutes ago that's fun huh
who's that fun into dancing yeah we
didn't Irish jig ha ha ha ha classic
we all danced there could you guys take
advantage take a chance take a chance to
eat a stick at dads take a chance take a
chance to get dad's ticket dancer chance
you can jump you can change your mind
I'll be first in line kids on me you
better sing softly my wife's asleep
because she's got a baby inside of Tommy
my nose is runny my nose isn't Ronnie
you gotta tell me things Emilia
what's this here now you're very cute
you're very cute resting like but you
know you think my daughter's bed Judith
baby in the world Isis Isis I shall see
you all tomorrow
don't be late we will check the gauge
guys hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
haha
