out here
in the stratosphere
race which income is crying
the son
she's smiling
we'll make because we are going on an
adventure
are we ready Amenia are you ready this
is gonna be so much fun and I know in
this video here friends would have
already arrived at our adventure know
where we're going
we aren't going teach your makeup
friends we're about to get on a plane
for 10 hours we are caught you make it
tea times you brought it on yourself
when she tell you about it during the
week but for the next couple of days
we're gonna be in Jamaica what
there's a bus coming behind me it's good
try and find our plane whoever goes to
Havana - I don't we might want to get
yourself a pair of Havana's - we're in
Havana
are they well you already went for a wee
wees hope we're checking the bags in the
Caesar huh there's no toilet on the
plane so you're gonna have to hold it
for 11 hours imagine there's no toilets
or planes
oh my goodness yeah are you ready are
you ready are you ready to crawl crawl
all over the plane and cause mischief
now can either of you guys fly a plane
just in case
no good start right up party it works
off for the flight
we have a plain color
we have a plain crawler just I caught it
in here
where'd you find would you find is that
what's that I know you went to San
Francisco recently so you should be okay
in this fight with your racket now which
means happens if she couldn't crawl
those
we even take it off she's like well we
do have a bachelorette pad for here for
later so
we're going
they look at the window
we have CDs you know where they are
I don't get you down okay that's the
color the color out of the water
nice
we're in Jamaica Eduardo Eduardo was
asleep in the car look at this place
it's so used
wake it in a twirl
welcome huh
we are here at this we haven't slept so
long
I got a and a drink I'm gonna rifle
a cold and that is hi guys so tell them
we have ballots whoa
sure this is where mommy and daddy sleep
when I step up and there's a little
place and hey we can store stuff I don't
really know
Oh on this table these tables and they
have plate
Oh see there's a plunk and one day
what's a table and share and Island over
here we don't really know much but and
whoa this place is crazy guys this is
crazy this is the craziest hotel room oh
my goodness it's so spacious for
everybody and he's got a cool balcony
out here guys
yeah yeah we could
oh my goodness guys the pools over there
my goodness to get this huh I'm tap
drinks coffee machine pool bar this room
is so cool huh
yeah myself a Nana obviously I have
separate beds although I think this is
Mia's real immediate wireless room some
fresh fruit fresh fruit all right our
first bit of Island food lads hmm my
first to make him high level and these
where things are really good I'll tell
y'all feelin s yeah well welcome to
Jamaica friends all my toys got all of
your toys yeah we all got these coolers
my want we all got these cool things
could this place you go gray ones cuz
you're minors that means guys you can't
get alcohol so don't be buying drinks
okay chocolate croissants your badge
will get you chocolate croissants
coca-cola so so far what do you guys
think of Jamaica we haven't been here
very long very excited for tomorrow or
statements you did watch Coco entry
Eduardo what did you watch in your plan
you did watch Elena I watch guys and
that's just winging people I watched
their Winston Churchill movie which I
thought was really really good actually
recommended if you haven't seen any of
your intellect history and stuff I
thought it was like she really good I
learned a lot about winces I didn't
notice anyway nobody has that it's now
hold on it's 10 o'clock Jamaica time
which makes it I don't know I think we
need to have breakfast or something else
Deena dinner you had you had something
on the plane I think nobody slept on the
plane
Eduardo stuff like 20 minutes and a
plane just as we're landing 20 50 51
minutes 51 minutes my wish
that's your RV slept as well you're
gonna fall off the bed and we need
Eduardo ah I don't know if it's possible
but do you think you could jump from one
bed to the other wait wait wait
now who's gonna go first right back up
Eduardo sit down get it away okay now
ready your media Oh
okay why do you go here we go one side
to dinner ward oh he's very big go oh
it's so good guy yes I didn't actually
think you guys are gonna be able to do
that whoa
okay I've started something now so
tomorrow we're gonna be able to see this
place for in all its glory
what no guys that's dangerous cuz that's
or that will be alley oh that didn't
sound good I just gave it let's see a
bat Oh guys this is a bubble bat this is
a Jacuzzi bubble bath okay so it's the
next day it's been seven about in the
morning I was just editing the vlog
quickly before he went out and I
realized
I didn't really I was so chat like last
night I'm still really childlike I'm so
confused but um I just wanted it quickly
I just kind of had this video property
and show you guys this is what it looks
like in the daytime I couldn't remember
a name this is what we're staying by the
way the Royal Nick ra√∫l it's amazing
this name the hotel guys it is amazing
here like you get this like I was just
reading this and it's like you get this
whole like it's all-inclusive you know
that's what these bands are about like
you know I mean you get these like bands
and then everything you don't spend any
money you just check in here and then
you're in this like village where like
everything is taken care of it's gonna
be so cool but look at this oh my
goodness so this is the pool area oh my
goodness I get that thing over there
keep the kids together enjoy that oh my
goodness
and then look the actual beach is so
cool and then that we brought the
viewing with us so Vivian is in a room
down here and she has this swimmer thing
when she consumed in the morning from
her bedroom look at that Beach oh my
goodness friends guys the next day the
next couple of vlogs are gonna be epic
they're going yeah this place is so cool
yeah I'm gonna go get some breakfast get
out and enjoy this place face watching
video friends hope you enjoyed it sorry
it's very travel day and I was all chat
like so it's confused so I was even
going on if it's 30 degrees at 7 a.m. in
the morning you know it's gonna be
rockin hates watching guys I see you
guys tomorrow
Oh
