Oh
good morning I can let that's the Eiffel
Tower over there it's very small there's
a bird there's a bird there's a plane in
the Dovan city looks like look at makeup
forever it's so shiny
that's how shiny they were Turkey roof
though want to get on that there and a
bit of moss did a moss growing over
there but it was huh huh
oh the old you tell you we got to cut in
the end you know if I uh I told you that
they brought us a card
eventually they even have to sleep on
the crazy bed huh she's so funny cuz
she's so excited because right at the
door I was for not going did you just
look this part investigating look that's
not heavy who's that Charlie Charlie I
never heard of a charity before it's
gonna sit on the bench
ah saddle irritating solo what have you
got friends oh yeah look at the size of
this is like your biggest croissant in
the world fortunately have to eat your
banana first thanks for breakfast friend
Amelia pay for breakfast just really
feels really nice of you you know just
through her pocket money spend on her
pot company in breakfast for ya isn't
gonna give a from what we know you
know to clean your room with you choice
you can have the poo in the garden boom
huh yeah like a full-time job you can
walk the rest away
is it what's her job gonna be and ding
I'm packing the dishwasher or something
will will will come to think of
something leave suggestions in the
comments for chores Berta pp and jr. is
a boy what is it you ready you ready you
should tire you act nicely
she beasts efficient ironing method good
girl
you ready thank you ready is the big one
whoa he's stuck in the Carter it's
actually that cold sighing she got cold
friends okay oh he's asleep
Oh guys it is Amelia's first time I grab
the two but I think points
maybe she started on old warning we're
going in up here inside the end okay
this is Amelia's first time again she
slept through the experience not so
that's somewhere on the meter
we want the graphic see for a second as
we headed over to the veto place so I
apologize it's Amelia second time I'm
Gotham straight first time she was awake
second time she was asleep but this is
like the ovals busiest street this is
what it looks like here doesn't it gets
busy right now but it is 11 a.m. on a
Friday so so lots of Connell Street
oh that's up there and across the bridge
got not chocolate not really driving so
obviously our first party went arriving
in Dublin is to go straight to the
makeup section I'm just actually getting
go get a different spin be a cork one
compared to this one I get so much
bigger he's got so much more selection
and so we're like the country people
down in the big city
you have the anchor this will be here
Sparky she's sleeping through the entire
experience oh you know I cringe this is
once remember I got the little tiny
thing it was gonna last me like years
yeah what the heck oh no gossip box or
something
no is a promoting hoshisan didn't
realize until after year when they've
drawn me and oh yeah I think it's me the
bendy ones nice cuz clearly my next car
is gonna be a venti content
gchat man he's very strong though I
don't
I'm not ready for been to yet yeah it is
now yeah let's get one you want to buy
yourself peak one yes
what it's so cute yeah it is she bit her
look you want our she's asleep
you almost got yourself a Prada bag it
is ridiculously stupid - what do you
think pink or black pink is cute and
everything yeah it's cute cute but then
it's not function yeah practically
Oh actually got like major media grabs
it and put stuff all over it that
wouldn't be a fun time so I just asked
her what other cars she can check huh
huh
you ended up with the safe option the
black one can't go wrong with black
almost had this arrow and the gray one
what do you think friends do you like
them I think something seriously red but
they're so cute it's so cute on her it's
so cute
it's just like yeah
they look amazing on never ever been in
20 they look so good you look so slim
yeah yeah definitely got them like every
girl's a nice yeah yeah no definitely
got them yeah and the length is perfect
yeah a little bit about it and the fit
it's not too baggy
I know if you call it a long yeah that's
so you thumbs up I was pretty sick a
couple of months ago it's really nice
because Ted Baker whole G yeah
but def oh I already like that Jonathan
I think you get loads of wear out of it
too it's almost a jacket sounds like
that Zara thing you have for like a
million years yeah def oh I give myself
all credit for choosing that it's really
flattering yeah yeah it's nice big yeah
yeah I got them homemade lemonade that I
got can you actually
yeah let's turn this off though friend
we they got an average it's got
mushrooms in it yeah yeah you dip in
your mushroom tip it's a tip in your
straw
stay mine was really good I got the goat
cheese yeah and it was amazing every
ingredient like yeah the not pumpkin
penis and she loves yet does it look
like she ate a lot but she did actually
omelettes are a good option I wish you
know I'm a performer I was making extra
flocking yeah they're not as goofy no
but it's good though she ate a lot see
you're doing in the floor it's the couch
get a receipt it's a new thing now
receipts I don't this notes I'm over
there as well I'm sorry cute immediate
okay that one whoa all the boxes do fall
over huh good so I actually thought we
were gonna spend the rest of our lives
Ram Thomas a 1-point trying to find a
change in cable but we met Emma can you
tell us where to go
thankfully there's always a friendliest
friend on hand when needed all right
let's share let's try and make away back
get all your toys did you catch a wall
you looking for a spot for him she
walked up to her thing because they the
room service had put everything inside
and she was like ah no hmm where's your
toys where's your toys
are you doing that what you planned hair
is amazing it's a book - okay an
important meeting I mean yeah seed
rockabyebaby thank you
Jonathan's just discovered the style
diet yeah my ah no I'm doing read this
I've been like dressing yourself to make
yourself feel better if anything I'm
gonna call the stores just like I
invented that yeah but I don't want
anything like my fat clothes you know I
mean yeah so it's like everything was
just kind of like any really feel good
like race and I hope that she fit me
yeah you know to get so dark go in the
bathroom I know what I was kind of
afraid for you and OTV was it brave
unless he wants to do it was like what
am i comes back and it's all wrong the
number you know no you gotta have waiver
7 months I just I don't do that I just
kind of like how I feel like very good I
like the zippers yeah yeah do it
oh she's so excited I know it's not you
uh I thought it folks okay
I'm welcome Kate come on let's go Media
trying to figure out actors with so many
other kids here huh like I want to play
but I've just got a hundred percent sure
uh-huh go-go-go-go drunk assignment no
we tried to go into the kids table but
it didn't work it didn't work out Brian
did it
all right you want some nuggets oh oh
here
you gonna pick it up go go go go right
left he's turning left come on let's go
yeah hi guys the media play the media
play Dylan hmm nice tent Austin yeah the
game they're playing with everybody else
so cute you push the cards down didn't
you push the cards down and media will
get them oh oh oh no yeah put this here
your major segments Carter luck my
sister made it Oh kata and I got the
green side Kirino Xuan got your chips
another self Oh put your phone I'm just
gonna next to it oh oh look a three -
Ian's messages hello I'm having a
Christmas party
are you having a Christian Friday our
the alligator is eating me they are a
guitar is eating me you must not eat me
on a guitar
don't eat me alligator ah by the 10th oh
yeah you in the tail laughing oh it is a
ten inside the house this is what works
going to happen in a few months it is
going to happen in a few months we're
gonna have a little one of you oh yes we
are
oh oh no this is Austin's old sister
whoa yeah hello hello hello hello hello
we're trying to show Amelia but she's
not seem that interested Ferguson's are
evil we act you should give actually
know where the media should make it home
Amelia hey oh forget it don't worry it's
grinds you consider haha what wow what
is that yeah but you can like it does
make music
oh yeah Oh - you gonna help Dylan whoa
what is it oh wow
you love it Oh chaser I taught you
against the big one not sure about that
what do you think don't climb in there
what do you think yes do you want one of
these you want one of these I mean oh
yeah you want one look at the end look
at the locket - I mean yeah yeah hello
hello he's a fun girl
Oh
how many are you in there
ah yes
pass it on did you go friends so you
guys can figure out the way see like
that you want to break it suppose are
always late
do you like that bit of an end tonight
here football game you gonna get it
Amelia I know yes no Amelia Cho don't
people throw it Cuvier Joe Joe Joe Joe
you're a big boy cute cos I already told
often no immediate wrote often nothing
is that good ready
oh good nothing no cholas feet oh come
on Amelia
get it get it often nothing okay
not feeling sharing is that it is
it did do it boys he's got really cool
look at this
my sister's part of NASA myth thanks for
your participation NASA and the polar
vitamin D how cool is that
look McMurdo 2007 it was the best year
to be a microwave and arctica that's so
cool oh pardon essa
it's essentially like the gravity movie
yeah no no hey Odie thing are you saying
yeah oh she was ready things there when
you were there right we're just back in
the room and we just walked in and look
what they did look at this look Jonathan
Anna and Amelia and they wrote it look
at the giving me a little sheep black
sheep a sheep Wow ah and look some more
oh don't worry I'll take care of lash me
and Amelia will take care of that
already it is so cool it and it's so
nice night night friends I'll see you
guys tomorrow c9 I friends did you just
get way too many presents today I mean
look at your CP it's obese you soak it
so soft
yeah night-night friends oh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
big-ass Wow
