doesn't feel of the sparkles sparkle is
an IP really the city that sparkles yeah
it's just like your jumper Bianca oh
yeah
get the Louis Vuitton Yuri we done
hey got me carrier in there
did you say your name amia for me Amelia
hey Emmy and me and medium Amelie Amelie
Amelie Oh careful since you said a name
minute ago don't go back hey Amelia
Amelia Amelia mirror mirror on the wall
I really am
who is she loves this - trailer full of
kids good kids I have a benefit don't
make me run I have a belly full of
children really up said I'm gay dad can
you say Amelia dizzy she's just messing
with the mirror and she just said Amelia
we're all in this predicament because of
you yes if you mean Alenia Amelia today
said say it don't spray it
oh that's my name don't wear it out dad
you're not gonna do it come on yeah
thank you
yo-yo Elia yeah oh well cause I'll turn
new thing yo yo yo yo my schpeel
dijo taormina had to trow throw it throw
it
yeah good job good girl
yeah we're playing this game although it
is a pee-pee nappy
we turn against the wall and advances
bike that's cool
bit of a grooming session to get the
grooming before they go on their
holidays holiday free holiday grooming
versity open toc again i can see you
don't have both know you're gonna be
judged gonna be judged harshly what'll
people say oh people say to you they'll
say where's your boat oh let me go hmm
all right then I have a second go here
for Devon jela what's the name got it
yeah my gelatine gel we do er give er
blasts now Joey yeah will do with his
friend say yeah that's my name you
walking the dogs whoa they're gonna
split how cute do they look with all
their jumpers on come on guys
right this way this way this way no no
don't get all dirty
don't get all dirty go on they're so
cute but good all right in the mommy car
of course
alvey's in the car seat is a comfy lv
always gets the comfiest spot huh you
guys ready for your holiday oh look we
took this from her and his mom says this
is like the Handy sit I think it's
called it's like it's it's a soccer tip
shop it's the same as trip trap we have
but when you go places it just hooks on
so it's like a mobile trip trap it's hot
all right um reversing please come with
let's go
you know it's afraid of looking at the
jumpers Rossiter
show me others George George yeah good
girl
yeah that's Peppa Peppa Pig Rick came
with this little bath foam puzzle thingy
look at your red Chi poor little baby oh
did you guys see that
that wasn't me he's moving I don't know
if you guys can see you looking at -
daddy pig everyone yeah you see them
there laughs yeah you want to give them
kisses you're so cute okay let's give
them kisses I ever turned I have
returned
yeah and I brought the way of the sub
ooh presents the way out the sub look
Amelia got a kids meal
school of scaring vehicles up with it
oh nice and hot you get the old Cadbury
Sun it's a fruit crush again that's
crazy I've never had that before
and then you get some other thing shoot
wrong
all aboard you know what Alvie is
sitting in your chair by the way he
jumps straight into it yeah he can
straight into it you do this
yeah a little okay friend we're like the
Von Trapp family sneaking away in the
night look at this traffic oh we can't
even leave the city Oh Christmas music
Jack Franz
la la la Oh toll bridge number one
frame this me Tobin R looks like ha ha
ha so exciting
do you want to do a friend do you want
to reach back and give the money away
huh
I gotta give this shiny shiny coin shiny
gold coin was like a silver coin a gold
coin in Ireland is we used to be 20 P we
don't have gold coins anymore
number 20 P the horse yeah bye Oh
what's not checking something a gold but
it was brass or something okay that guy
just first hi I'd like to deposit this
for a free may I may I pass your toll
who's like the ogre
- I told my friend duck in a those are
yeah it doesn't really look like it from
here but pretty sure this is like sweet
it's not no but it's not rain
bigger than rain and it's not a stick of
snow
this is the actual place where I bought
that Peppa Pig guitar the time do you
guys remember a mic was in here
instead we go with the extra strong
coffee Oh
kind of a coffee dad some treats we
going look at these ones nah nobody
wants blueberry when I get a million
faces races so we weren't gonna stop we
were gonna just go straight but we're so
tired that we need like coffee and
doughnuts and stuff so we're here in
Cashel Cashel but one time when my
brother was coming to visit we went to
visit the a lot of visits we went to go
see the rock of cashel and my brother is
American well I mean technically so my
but like I lived for most of my life in
Ireland he lived for most of his life in
America both my brothers did and so he
didn't know how to pronounce casual so
he kept I mean he kind of did it as a
joke as well but he kept pronouncing it
kachelle and just to annoy it's kind of
but it kind of it just caught on and
then ever since then I always have to
say Michelle
it just has to come in it that way but
it's actually pronounced Paschal I don't
know the difference though like when I'm
at a cafe and cake has got a little bit
of caffeine kicking one of them but all
the difference is really honor that's my
one I got you the boring one this is
your one what this is here oh that's
your one blueberry I got blueberry
crumble so this is what the chair is
like fully extended back in the sleeping
sort of position look so cozy back there
Fred bring with this want this
I told rich number to take my money take
my money allow me into your wonderful
city welcome to where is this anywhere
in poor leash and you guys have a portal
eesh what's that we're gonna meet up
right now now you missed it
those areas over at the toll rich it's
gold
okay there's no water in the machine so
I need to get rid of all the air the
dirt that's on my window from traffic
mom where there's no water in the actual
water dispenser think hopefully this
works
ah yeah that did it good
thanks Amelia for your water greatly
appreciate it okay we have arrived in
the city of do blang blang blang welcome
to the blonde city and he changed all
the roads having a clue I'm going
everyone's just walking in front of me
like it's some sort of a sport there's
the old Central Bank lads that's where I
used to hang out when I'd listen to The
Cure have half a shaved head and be all
like mmm to be angular where Bianca
hangs out there yeah I don't even know
people hang out there anymore this guy's
I think it's gone mainstream the central
bank is cool till it became mainstream
now hard is there one hangout Oh jeepers
reading up here up this road here to the
Grafton's of street you're gonna be
hanging out never would be hanging in
whatever but events new evo roll back
baby fare sparkly no oh look at that
this is brazen Chuck I suppose in shop
excuse me down out no poison no poison
DN Gallipoli sitting alone well okay see
look it's so sparkly doesn't full of the
sparkles Sparkle is a happy City the
city that sparkles it's just like your
jumper Bianca oh yeah yeah the Louie we
ton Louie we done hey got bit hairier in
there hold on the phone Sparky here - we
have arrived look at this and it's so
cool you that is really cute hmm get the
mirror no little roam around friend hmm
nice nice nice room look it comes with
free sweets whoo
love it look is it but I'll kisses
butters only thing yeah look at this for
posties nice look at if de familia I
will take this sweet and Dan I will call
them you like your friend mmm in your
chocolate I'm stealing your chocolates
okay I'm stealing your chocolate yeah
the dwarves course big manor robes and
it's on slippers and oh it's an espresso
yay no way he's actually filled in
espressos that is hilarious
it's the ones we like look your
decaffeinate oh my Venuto an aroma that
is mentals
no because I said to Jonathan he was
very thinking of getting a new bed a
four-post see and we were between a
slave at which we wanted for ages and
then I started in here at four-post bed
and I was like hmm
and then I saw this hotel and I saw they
had a good try one out the four-post bed
and I was like why don't we just try it
and see if we like it or not is cool I
must say it's pretty cool it'd be nice
yeah it's gonna say you know your
friends you like it
they stole our car I think that was cool
that was is that yeah stuff like now now
hold on why are you driving it there
that's who you just put a bedside they
throw up your bags and they drive up in
your car
I hope that was that maybe I was just
some random guy you just gave her a car
away to Melia would you like to see the
greatest minibar in the world let me
tell you what this bombs bombs no oh no
way Maltesers that is so cool but that
is so cool you can me
look at that friend huh
do you want something you want something
prepare yourself for a feast like this
this is my fish and chip thingy battered
beer biscuits or something look at this
little collection that came as well nice
and I got the fresh salmon
and I got the medius and chicken
actually knows best time but bad time
all right ease whoa oh that's handy
that's super handy supercalifragilistic
expialidocious
bon voyage it was for the rest of my
life oh my got it baby oh did you watch
Oh No
okay all right back up back up back up
you all talk it out friend you can
sitting on junior did you drew on junior
huh future junior when your brother is
watching this amelia drooled on you
before you were born
huh you telling him secrets nice TV is
he in a kicking mood he was a second ago
leaving in a little Kiki oh she's more
interested in the belly button the
baby's not in there Junior junior you
kicked butt it was in a different place
I don't know that
you finger in there you know me hey
hello hello hello in there say come out
come out whenever you are checking that
yeah go check in the back Oh always with
the hotels you gotta have to fluff no no
no no no no no no no boy you're bagging
the vibe I hope put you back in the bag
he's right over to you he's really put
me back at the bass mom hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
