so it's after 11:00 and Johnson his
phone won't pick up like is in it just
goes straight to voicemail so I'm kind
of freaking out I'm actually really
upset right now because I can't get
ahold of him and of course it's way late
so obviously I'm worrying at this point
so minute ago Cena was going mental and
in circles everyone else's in the garden
Cena's up here you know hey buddy
yeah she heard her friends hmm are we
ready to go downstairs to the next level
are we ready for the next level what a
stew here okay you take two steps one
step at a time one step oh okay there's
that
Oh last one Oh
you did it yeah the first responders are
here the first responders are here hi hi
everyone's okay we're all accounted for
Millia said oh he his legs okay okay oh
my god
Oh God he's become a bit of a situation
all right I appreciate the kisses me you
know plane jumpy jump jump jump jump
jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump
Jimmy Joe that's pretty good
don't pull that lever oh we do it over
that in the camera oh we're back
he's our heroes now forever okay just
FYI not actually burping but she's
laughing at the burp sentence so I'm not
actually burp it you smile it's not that
gross okay now you're not doing it hell
isn't that you do things off camera and
then this is a way better camera eyes
doesn't do the promise you don't do this
in front of boyfriends okay my giving
you the shivers and Jake's and she found
this toy I think she's trying to pop at
actual real ones whereas I'm just faking
it she's trying to get one gross though
we shouldn't be doing this okay
oh we're back to the toy my brain is
melting
what is it friend yeah I changed a
minute ago no I can't go now what do you
think huh yeah what you wonder what was
up here now you know now you know yeah
is the Curiosity being satisfied hi guys
and welcome to starlit took its look
like this at a late video I keep the
lighting is better this way if I hold it
maybe I should uh nods emit blue I don't
know
anyways I just filmed a video for my
channel for tomorrow because we're gonna
be traveling tomorrow and I wanted to be
kind of ahead of myself anyway cuz I
missed like two days already this
vlogmas which stuff oh it's raining on
the inside again okay the builders here
he's under roof the roof is on fire
alright drinking over oh my goodness oh
he's gotta cook tomorrow morning a
o'clock getting it soared he said it
started to do it like the sealant on the
roof and only a very certain type of
rain that's part of it hardly ever
happens but then just disease target
they made a whole bloody roof just came
flashing down fret and huh
and you guys from Ireland know although
it hardly ever rains here look at this
weather
let's just give you an example of it are
you want to right side yeah the guards
like flooded huh
there's this ladder don't walk the
ladder give him the ladder the ones over
come on buck ah jeez
ah Anna it's torrential ok I think I got
it
ok the trick is you just put your hand
there like so and you wait to see if you
get any drips I notice that I notice -
hey he's full of drips drips see hey and
drips see a place in Cork feel like you
live in drip see what's up with this
little spot here it's like nothing well
better not jinx it just in case
gonna be like it all just are pouring
that in that one spot there is a small
waterfall inside of our house there's a
waterfall we have now a water feature in
the home
well we have another lovely water
feature here also there also fun up on a
button no no okay what's on the camera
there's like a giant blur Oh Oh what is
that
Oh
oh no that's not good that's not good
I blame I mean she probably butter
smudgy fingers on it or something so I
had to get the old haircut new old hair
good I like a big splash splish splash
and I'm taking up oh my god it's a big
splash anything is that big success
hair's been crushed
I picked it up way in the wind for him
it's still kind of blurry here it's not
as bad now I think what a media was
playing the camera around look she put
well he can't see it but she put her
fingers here and she's like mush to the
lens I tried to clean up but I got a
subway mouth I'm going home nice melt in
your mouth not in your hands hey I know
friendliest hmm Lister oh okay you want
to take a sweet I'm gonna take one you
won't take all of it don't hate the
whole thing don't drop it now don't drop
it don't drop it whatever you do don't
need to take it okay we put in here
we're gonna in say say hi to mom what we
good hands taste umami indeed occupants
way to thank you friends you gonna be
good for Mom say how do you got for Mom
it's later
so later alligator bye
I think it was a tornado a cork on the
key exactly we don't like that but the
roof of a train say she was blown off on
tropi no one was hurt though thankfully
conditions and closing camps oh my
goodness a tornado in Cork whoa Oh Liam
now we're getting scary that would have
been scary like to drive
so we're actually just back from my
mom's house I didn't vlog anything there
because I was just like I don't know it
was crazy
um my I can regret it now don't cuz my
grandmother was there so immediate
great-grandmother and eventually got
actually I just went there it was kind
of late when I went there was like seven
but Jonathan had to go out at seven that
time so I thought because my grandmother
arrived today mm-hmm and we wouldn't see
her again until her birthday dinner
which is on Saturday because we're going
to Dublin tomorrow I thought I was just
like go visit her and just to have some
time with her before we actually meet
for the birthday dinner and I thought
it'd be cool if she could see me Leah
and she did which was nice and Amelia I
just kind of like we just kind of went
to hang out but then it just got really
late and they had already eaten and I
thought Jonathan was due home at like
8:00 he was only supposed to go out for
like a little while so Amelia ended up
having her dinner there because they
just happened to have some leftovers and
I was like okay this is getting way too
late and we should get off early
tomorrow so it's after 11:00 and
Jonathan his phone won't pick up like is
in it just goes straight to voicemail
so I'm kind of freaking out I'm actually
really upset right now
because I can't get ahold of him and of
course it's way late
so obviously I'm worrying at this point
I'm more annoyed of him because of what
happened like I just because I'm
obviously I'm worried right now because
I haven't heard anything I've texted him
I've called I'm just waiting for him to
come through the door so I can scream at
him for making me worry but then
obviously a part of me is like what if
something happened you know oh I just
hate him for putting me through this
stress right
you havin a nice bath time I'm sorry I'm
sorry today was such a disaster
I still haven't eaten obviously I need
to just make a sandwich or something I
bought it that's cleaner we're not
cleaning there anymore my sticky little
gumdrop yeah girl
my mushy middle sweet pea hey where's
the sweet peas see like peas my oven
baked cutie pie you're going too fast
my honey roasted peanut my chubby little
pumpkin so Jonathan is home he wasn't
killed in the car accident
alright so my phone died
you know what I create an Apple for this
situation because they should make a
better iPhone battery situation how
angry was I you guys know he doesn't
know he hasn't seen it yet you'll find
out tomorrow home safe don't worry I'm
sure loads of people like fast forwarded
the video but although there would have
probably been no video oh yeah already
been liking the intro of it the first 10
seconds horrible okay anyway and the
media I got to see her dad before it um
she went to bed last night yeah but I
just really that's all yeah like we get
that thing's really morbid better a she
got to see him before she maybe when
baby okay let's come back yeah we cook
you dinner before I country though
cooking dinner at midnight
good night fees anyway so don't worry
don't freak out pythons fine
fighting not fighting my nerves are like
shattered shot whatever
what good night farewell thank you for
watching thumbs up if you're not gone
still alive don't worry we will see you
guys tomorrow
in the meantime you can go to picking
the cookies true okay the happiest place
in this house right now my night hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
