now let me just like drop this
everywhere
Amelia Amelia I mean what are you doing
little nicer huh little semester Messer
you hopping on in the car
you go first bin
hello and good morning and welcome to
the Volga peace
I'm here my assistant my assistant to
the regional manager okay so we're gonna
make some goons it's been a while
being a while friend huh you are gonna
need to assist me from over here huh
this is part of the new process we do
lunch before than that we used to do
that before lunch but now we did a lunch
before nap but sometimes it can be quite
difficult see my right because she gets
quite tired but this way is better
oh jeez nona let's get crackin
literally this egg is bigger than your
head imagine you had an egghead look we
got a new friend huh we gave you this
looks pretty good huh doesn't it before
you get to me all right let's prop it
over here
why is it then want to get some numbness
do you like it do you like it the end is
it the egg in good what you have for the
carpets blow on it
you ready come on let's get the juggies
say fix the treats ready
Oh see you got one no Vegas you're small
if Oda was a little bit taller oh maybe
I got one oh you're gonna give it to a
doggie oh good girl
no that's your Peppa Pig counter that's
not in this that's not in the game has
used me a couple left over I people
don't fight Hey
up on the counter look all over get the
treat I'll be you know you can smell it
good boy oh goodness guys stormy is just
the warm you wouldn't know
whenever it is crazy stormy out here and
tomorrow I'll be editing this footage
and I will look at it no think it
doesn't do it justice you don't know how
bad it is it never looks is the dramatic
on video so just imagine it's ten times
worse
it's 100 billion times worse didn't you
think it is by now in the video okay
okay okay do you think it's you like a
grown up
huh you big girl
I just eaten my lunch and she was like
moaning out because it's like her nap
time she needs to be put down for a nap
but she's like oh she wanted to get up
and I'm just trying to eat my lunch have
enough time to do anything today
um and then she just wanted to get up
here hmm
I just wouldn't leave you alone it's
just nice when I get you a little snack
Jean host the way they twist I was just
having some lunch
you got lucky something crack right
where is it it's a wrap wait not know I
think it's this one here
know what yeah the sound one night yeah
that has there when I first moved to
quarter four or five years ago six years
ago was it 2006 I lived there when I
first moved to college and I was with
that girl and then we broke up and after
like now he's working Tesco he's got to
like leave there like two hours before I
get to college and then leave college
and then go straight to Tesco and then
try and leave Tesco and get back like
all hours of the night that was like one
of my darkest periods in my life back
then and it's crazy how him during those
dark periods when you think like it can
never get better like you know you just
I don't know a minor delusional or I'm
just filled with hope I don't know which
one it is I had two jobs you guys
remember that anyone even from back in
the start I had two jobs for over a year
just so I can pay rent and have dinner
like oh my goodness I can
and that that's back way back then when
I decided to set up my own like where as
a freelancer and then eventually turn
into my own company and eventually do
contracting work for all that CGI stuff
that I do and you know it's like if you
put in the time and the effort and you
just stay positive and you know you can
you can you can turn your life around
you know there was a time in my life
when I never I was pretty much a
write-off for a couple of years I bet a
lot of people thought I was a bit of a
write-off you know and - I might've
surprised - now or they might still
think I'm an idiot huh however it's ok
it's ok no no my friend you know I am I
suppose the part of that is why you know
I don't know I don't even know I'm
talking my hand I'm just wandering with
my tots look at this babe that's so
pretty
ok so we're gonna go down for a nap now
is that the one you want we'll read that
one ok ok I just need to change your
nappy I don't think we're getting
dressed today I just don't see the point
in dressing her right now it's like 3
o'clock so I'm not gonna bother plus
these things are really warm so they're
kind of perfect for in the house hmm
look at your hair it's getting so long
and fuzzy fuzzy thank you ok let's
change your nappy nap peppa and the big
train ah where's the train choo-choo can
you say choo-choo today peppa and her
friends are going on a train ride
together hooray they all cheer very
excited mr. rabbit is the stationmaster
he checks all the tickets tickets please
miss rabbit is driving the train here
comes the big train cheers Peppa
all aboard says Miss rabbit is that his
missile I definitely feel like I've gone
wrong somewhere
okay Meghan is that like a military ship
or something I don't know why not am I
supposed to be don't mind the beeping my
seatbelt is not activated right now
because I internationally got where the
heck am i this is not seem right good
design in the door but I don't see any
doors they don't think it furthers down
my hat oh my goodness I'm in some
shipping shipyard this is a ship of
shipyard I've ever shipped in let's turn
down here maybe what's this one fine art
fine art myself baby did you sleep well
gets dark so early here this is why it's
such a pain to try and do my videos like
late I mean I have to use the
professional light which we only have
one off coz one of them broke that's
what I don't like about wintertime is
that it just gets dark so fast it's like
the day is already over huh what do you
think about that hmm
daddy went out and he's not home yet so
I don't know what time it's coming back
and then I think he's going out again so
I'm like wait am I gonna go away video
ah you want a snack you and my little
snack okay let's have a little snack cuz
she was looking at this and Jonathan
just called me and said he wasn't gonna
be able to get home to like stop it so I
don't know what I'm gonna be able to
film my video I hate to get up at like
5:00 in the morning right yeah
everything done that's what I feel like
right now is that there's just not
enough time in the day and being totally
honest
I mean I'm so grateful that I can be
able to work at home but sometimes if
you're working at home but you're also a
mom it just gets really difficult to
like make time for both because one
always wins over the other and it's
always being a lot like looking after
your child obviously always comes first
I'm not complaining I'm just like I'm
just being real with you guys and I'm
not like painting a picture because it
is hard a lot of the times especially if
you're an idiot like me and make a
commitment to make a video every single
day well until I think I'm just gonna do
it until Christmas Eve because I think
that's what it actually is trapped in a
box with a company a job of a cup of tea
of a cup of tea I'm a dancer come on a
cha that's when they're mighty boosh
yeah somebody food probably keel with
them no egos they're heroes jingle bells
is there jingle bells he's trying to eat
wax mmm no not at the ears no there's no
like spam to eat
Oh God
amongst loads of hair I know we got
these sets of gingerbread like cookies
decorating sets nerd pick craft to be
honest because this is the packs that
come with it it doesn't even come with
like a little qb1 you know the ones that
you can like the regular ones that you
get of icing of right writing icing huge
like bags that you just snip a little
hole in but then it's kind of a lot when
it comes out no matter how small the
hole is so we've got Amelia's one here
okay we'll put the sprinkles here okay
now fun yeah and then look you do this
look we
we put them on your treat put them on
your treatments we on your treat
no you did him off the table and you put
the wonder tree this is a terrible
terrible set well we just got it because
you couldn't find the gingerbread house
set which they usually have there isn't
done stores but you're gonna show Dad
your creation oh oh holy crap that's
really good
it's a stupid setup it's like these bags
that like you can't even be precise well
how does the spring ahead of the spring
go stay on what's the green stuff oh
it's icing is it yeah now now let me
just like drop this every art oh wow are
you supposed to smear this stuff all
over it or something it's not even know
the picture is said that it was all in
Lyons I tried my best
lions and tigers and bears oh right
crunchy feed mommy the cookie if you can
pop me the cookie why did your mommy
your special cookie no delete some of
the pictures what and it's bonus ball
your phone is always full of pictures do
you not like delete them yeah I think
going as fast as I can buy a nice big
party Friday night pizza party Friday
night it's Tuesday night but that's okay
cuz it's Christmas and you're a lady
food all day long cuz it's a pizza party
Friday night no yo just got a people hey
he's having a pizza party we got the old
traditional Italian I got a prego off
the guy I said no math good he's like
right
that'd be old prego prego we also wear
net we got the fins fizzy pop soda yeah
I say club orange okay the pizza away we
don't put you can who's that for
uh Alby that's what happy Oh wine you
look okay give this to Alby every night
what is wrong with this when he's your
foot not fitting oh my god she's being
like every video what do you mean
since the day she was born she's being a
night I know I know but it's like just
what I said was like 800 days I was like
oh my god that's crazy
could you imagine if somehow I don't
know this is not an impossible or
somehow like if immediate I started her
own vlog channel when she was like 16 or
17 or somewhere not like and she started
daily vlogging after being on our vlogs
or like her entire life and then she did
it for her entire life and I noticed I
was hardly more than what I'm saying
here but they are all right to the end
but somebody's entire you know like for
me I started blogging it like what was I
like 29 attorney or someone else when I
started youtube I don't know said I was
like 30 years this I had an entire life
before YouTube you don't mean like I
didn't get all like all that entire life
isn't documented saying she like the 21
years or something isn't documented but
Emilia is mm-hmm
that mental see nightmare brand which
book do you one bigger book which book
which book do you want hmm a kiss like
this a kiss like this okay thank you
thanks for watching guys leaving
comments and doing the old tom tom tom
tom tom tom you guys want to spend a
night inside the light
don't talk into my
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony
Joley - don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
