ah yeah
all guide no oh no I advised you against
this oh oh my goodness you're the high
beam you're no I beam hey let's go in
there you give a navvy toys you can't
not be toys I'll be getting toys Oh doc
be gettin toys
oh well oh yeah airplane affected me too
hey Catwoman look like a cat burglar
imagine it Capra it was actually dressed
up was the cat ran and they broke a
guy's and stole your milk you get so a
meanie I just sat in a corner by
yourself
she took a book editor over here reading
I'm getting another one Oh Little Miss
chatterbox that's a good one
mmm-hmm was so cute though she just went
into a little corner under breathing I
don't know if she's gonna do it again
is that the designated book reading
corner that way you read your books good
girl
they're grown-up books over there
they're not any fun give up a kiss give
L me a kiss give up me a kiss mmm
give a puppy kiss give AMI
she went right into his nose good girl
say give up a kiss mmm give new visa
kiss mmm new fees that's new fees give
new pieces okay give a big kiss give out
B kiss all right we've come back to the
postie place because everywhere like
packages have arrived in the US the UK
the entire Europe people all over
America getting theirs and no one in
Ireland has got a shirt yet what's over
there the priority was proprietors but I
think everything here just went in and
then the Christmas rush but I'm just
gonna go up I just rang in my dare and
for the Seavey's here I just want to
make sure that there's no problems that
they're definitely going at in Ireland
now my friend
so everything has definitely gone it's
just probably a delay with yeah with the
actual poster of Julie this stuff gonna
Sh
yeah I got cut out there what I'm saying
is that important said like everything
has either its left little item it's
been sent out to their regional post
offices notion on Chavez hilarious that
like everyone in the US and the UK house
their t-shirt huh
and and Europe not everyone obviously
not everyone but most of them have
because when I'm where I said because I
they were put on a plane directly sir
never opened the problem was the ones
are opening in Ireland and then sent out
to the postman's bench or something he
said and then it's up to the postman
that we gave to decide what ones to
deliver and he said maybe they're
looking at them on their life honor but
have you been said like on his soul on
the soul and the keeper even though
aren't instead of the veil right now so
I like you know we're backing the Celtic
Tiger he said like it's definitely going
to come through Christmas there behind
so I'm hoping you know hopefully it'll
come tomorrow thank you
you have to drink it like you got your
country honoree
give my let's go
then I'm knocking Patrol
she's handing it up against everyone who
means napkins
who needs napkins oh oh that wasn't the
plan the CD at night look at Darden
again it's kind of sad the way it gets
dark so early
I'm looking forward to it you know
because it's always like so like it's
the times it has half for but not it
it's like pictures okay the camera is
our settings and they're saying the
f-stop is like 2.4 so it looks pretty
light but I tell you it's not it's gone
dusky dusk ask anyway I just want to
tell you something really nice the one
over here did what she's probably not
gonna tell you we we booked to go to see
Santa Claus on Monday the 23rd in the
bowl Arnie woolen mills and then we
found out of it to believe things and we
obviously went to the belief thing
instead and I'm not heading up to about
ahora on the mountain biking on Monday
so I was like oh no which I go dad so I
was like aw forgot about it and I
was like no she was adamant she wanted
to give it away so this morning on
Twitter Facebook she put it out there
and for a young family who you know
might be able to afford it this year she
would give you can take our tickets and
she did she gave him away this morning
and I finally took it a night yeah and I
was a really really nice thing and I was
like on no one in the world because she
deleted the sadness right away
afterwards you know so most guys didn't
even know she did that process that was
a really nice thing to do I was very
Christmas spirit of you huh I was really
nice so I just wanted to let you guys
know that I know those things like that
I'm happy that they
they said that she was sick oh yeah yeah
I hope she enjoys it incidentally I'm
gonna get a toy there was nothing that's
why it was so particularly I get ordered
like the girl and then a toy for our
present for a one to two year old
hopefully your present doesn't say
immediate and the number two bus or
number 202 bus also guys if anyone or
the teachers well obviously if you got a
t-shirt okay and your card was not
signed or you got the wrong size or any
problem with your order everything will
be sorted don't panic okay a lot of it
was because well the teacher
signing in a car thing some of them
didn't get signed is because you know we
are my priority was getting the shirt
the t-shirt to you before Christmas that
was my priority
you know enemy and I had like strict
deadlines by all the postal services to
ensure that you guys get it for
Christmas and then obviously you know
this isn't our business the teacher
thing and we just got a lot of friendly
friends together and got them all packed
up so you know sometimes mistakes might
be made do not panic everything will be
sorted we're gonna order a whole new
batch of t-shirts in January and we'll
be able to make anyone that has any
mistakes
just throw me an e-mail Ciccone Joliette
gmail.com and somebody will take care of
you in the new year don't panic
everything will be okay oh it's really
big look at this thing
I did not expect that at all so I think
on Saturdays is like when they have
yeah I think it's over here peacock we
gotta hit that up although this weekend
we're going away again
so when is everything know I'm trying to
hit up something from her dad in Dublin
yeah dr. Tuesday and we had the anatomy
scan and that was actually way more
painful than I thought it would be
oh my goodness yes I was just checking
to make sure everything's cool OHS okay
we're putting in a way to Christmas
though but okay oh I just forgot the
machine
it is incredible looking there's so cool
and look at the new air your new
controllers just like that's a mouse
trackpad on it
anyway you can put your headphones
directly into the thing that yeah yeah
that's also brilliant thanks the frame
thing we all put it away till Christmas
no touching till Christmas I'm so
awesome once you get the camera okay put
away no opening till Christmas oh oh
thanks thank you very much thank you
very much the load the stuff now okay
give it down it you can wrap it up then
wrap it up tight wrap it up tight don't
get off right oh yeah do it again
ready go
big blow big blow looking try it again
big blow yeah big blow
come on
she got it she got it a minute ago
big blow big blow okay I should do it a
second ago and it missed it oh it's so
good though it's a big blow blow no
don't don't put it in too far don't
buddy yeah good girl go again I don't
know when you're talking about politics
and stuff oh no on the videos you know
but I'm this happened at yesterday in
Ireland this guy here and you know we
aren't and exited its IMF fail IPO which
means you know technically I suppose you
know or towards the end of our recession
and this growing the economy itself and
I think I think it's pretty cool that
are in the little country you know we
all put our heads down and work together
and we all took sacrifices and did
everything you know worked as a team and
then we're actually out of it you know I
mean our beta program which is
incredible achievement you know I think
we're in first countries in Europe to
exit our beta program and such a small
little country and it's so cool to know
that like I wrote myself an honor
graduated from college
and it was like no opportunity in the
country everyone was like leaving the
country
we couldn't even we applied for Social
Welfare like for a dog we couldn't even
get Social Welfare like it was so there
was nothing in a cookie you know we just
sort of like you know we just put our
heads down work we do any hard seven
days a week 24 hours a day and in that
time like you guys have seen us grow
when the vlogs and you know things have
gone well for our business and stuff I'd
added you know we're growing and growing
and next year I've got some big plans
for like really big expansion ideas
because things have gone so things are
growing and it's just like our legs inna
beta you know
like I feel like part of that you know
it's like we all put her head down you
know and the rest of the world are gonna
follow suit and you know hopefully
things get better for everybody I know
it's still tough for a lot of people we
had a tough for like three years three
four years we're like no money with
nothing the struggle that we had you
know and I know what that's like you
know and I'm really really sad and sorry
for people that are still at that point
but you know yeah if you just put your
head down believe you can get you this
believe like like like the forest park
thing we're at you can do it I just I'm
really proud of our little country you
know we're like the little the little
country I could let the little engine
just a little what's the thing the
little engine I couldn't or something
you know the little engine that could
yeah was like a little like come on
George let's eat the meat
oh hello why am I so popular huh
look this some sort of a bunny look hold
on can you make it little thing this one
hey you I got my leg you know we can
share the monsters all right I'm on
early on from alien they've been getting
some wear zombie movies get in there see
nice teal how come you got your own one
guys you have to spread out well look
what we got as well these are from the
Netherlands if he's so good have like
ginger or something in them they're
yummy
let me score me dummy was Alby oh he
didn't get your cream mm-hmm well you
want some okay here no who's a joke joke
joke
hmm well you'll get some real cream
friend don't you worry oh you got a big
spoonful of fresh cream
this is like deja vu oh yeah this is
like deja vu Oh yesterday although this
is like deja vu of my life because we do
this every single night every single
night we must play in the post bath game
where we running here we went over to
mommy side of the bed and we see what
miracles and exciting things we could
find what mysteries lie over mommy side
of the bed
oh the contented baby oh I do expect
it's okay
ooh bringing up Pepe where is this
granite that's the book collection come
on we go inside you know the way don't
delay this is a song called somebody
long it has a beginning and it has an
end and I'll play this song as you press
the like button leave a nice comment
send me a nice tweet and say how's your
day going I hope you're having a good
day
PS you're looking fine there Joe a Joe
and good night Amelia thanks for
stopping by you store in my guitar I
feel I cannot lie I must take it back to
finish my song I hope you all and join
me as we sing along Jenna what's my name
borge Ella
what's my name Ella
that's my name my name is bonjela
good night hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
