what do you what's that who's that do it
do that
hey you just did it
happy second week of Advent it's
officially Sunday so I lit the second
candle on our wreath huh
we're having a recce and our candles are
almost done actually yankee cannot seem
to get more so we haven't opened our
advent calendar yet but we're saving it
till after to have your breakfast and
daddy's still asleep he's having a light
and okay frothing you my coffee turned
out
Oh Yomi does not look so how would I
breakfast and we just had our banana now
we're having some muesli
I still have to get my oh ma another
present because it's her birthday the
day after so I need to get that
organized but other than that I think
I'm pretty organized this year I've been
a lot better than last year I still have
to get our Christmas cards done though I
don't know how I'm gonna do it I think I
might just use the picture from when we
went to visit Santa and then maybe make
that a tradition if we keep going early
enough well seats oh my god so I just
realized it's the third Sunday of I
haven't not the second I was thinking my
head I was like Christmases sooner than
that though but yeah it's a third we
missed last week that's why I completely
forgot because we were in Galway that's
why we never lit the candles so now I
feel like an idiot
so just scrap that part where I just
said it was the second week of Edmund
now to take a freaking picture all over
again
there's our total picture of you all I
know is they're like you know okay doing
it well that sucks let's see if I can do
this with it
burning my entire hand off oh but oh god
oh god oh I did it put some wax on the
table though ooh an a war yes master I
have three back four I have three banks
Boyle
and it'll we have a tired teddy bear on
our hands and she is also trying to
practice her dental practical exam for
tomorrow
mm-hmm is your upper upper canines over
every day oh you and your dentist always
like they're always saying things in the
upper okay resorted to beating me now
it was right is the beating me friend
what if I just trapped in my missing her
versus what a lot of you just stop with
mistake yeah what do you do with the
drunken early you think Melia maybe yeah
heating again you know what that means
laughs that's right you said this movie
in the post to you check your mail
that's like oh where is the budget is
again run in a bag sexually what are
your like bags when you're go bags one
thing because I don't think it's up
there I know we had it on the cruise
that was like the last time we is it
yeah it's route clicks rifle and mom's
bag I was getting directly
which one is it one yeah good morning
again my little friendliest friend vias
friend no quickly warm this quickly
where I'm gonna get I have a nice smooth
plus news a jacuzzi
did you have a snooze jacuzzi we should
get a jacuzzi oh she talks about man you
sound like all the bring a jacuzzi sorry
fine Brent badging we could like just
convert the back garden to a jacuzzi
leave me comments if you think that's a
good idea
thumbs up this video if you think I
should get a jacuzzi a booth a Jacuzzi
jacuzzi know who now says hmm he had a
very short nap today but that's okay
good we're changing we're changing the
game what do you what's that who's that
do it
do that hey hey so you just didn't think
fishy fishies your fishies do fishy
kisses busy kids let's go let's all go
to the lobby so we were well I didn't
avoid this boy you want to watch orange
is the new black was epic this came out
at the same time is that good
it's this show actually really good I
don't know it's like he's an entire box
set on an epic so you haven't actually
watched it's not a good lineup I just I
read something the other day on Twitter
people are talking about it and there's
any new season is coming and all really
excited about it I was like it's good
he's in common TV you've watched that
let me know should we watch it should we
watch it friend
huh get that washing take care of it oh
my godness is another rainy stormy day
and unfortunately the Matt service
noticed a meteorology service in Ireland
has said that there is a pretty good
chance we're not gonna get snow this
year because the temperature has risen
so all this rain if the temperature is a
bit cold or might actually be snow but
no snow for jofi this year folks
although maybe up in at Northern Ireland
they might get some sound like way more
northern and they might they might get
looking as my mom my mom kind of lives
over in Inverness and her boyfriend is
over there so she spends most of her
time but um she sent me pics of her like
skiing and stuff I'm like oh I'm so
lucky
okay actually go shoot in for that so is
a much cooler and you guys live in
Inverness we got like a Inverness
Highland meet up in the highlands you
know am does a castle near Dorney I
think that's what she gets out near
Dorney somewhere and there's the castle
there i am i visited that castle once
first random information would you like
some more random information sure if
Aqaba know that's the player oh this is
what i'm going into this center here
normally i go up to my own point Tesco
but it's just too rainy and I'm just I
don't know it's like Christmas so it's
gonna be like crazy parking sitch sicko
so I figured about go to the into our
car park it might be as bad hopefully
hopefully I let's go go for a ride let's
go oh you've got an obstruction
they've got an obstruction it's okay Oh
negotiate in the carpark situation oh he
goes oops take my baby and I'm gonna go
on
this is the only downside to Christmas
presents perfect
he's becoming again sheet like Brussels
sprouts we were kids we used to try and
drop him off a plate and give him to our
dog Benji but he never ate them so we
always got caution Jim item this is
actually one giant purple state probably
not with what you would think I look
good make another one - lets see it feel
if I bought that I'd be like oh my god
look it's one giant a purple quality
straight one and then you bite into it
you'd be disappointed just type the
cowboy scream a good Easter our
selection boxes
should I get a selection by these gives
us cultural ten
I'll take one of them
we get on this instead of a cheese look
with frozen pizza and ice cream could we
do that we like up up the game apple pie
yeah I am playing a YouTube video I did
that nothing but why can't you just tell
me something else to do that's not a
very good option isn't Amenia I don't
have mental issues I can't figure it out
Oh different then it's so annoying it
was working fine I don't know you must
have broken it
how do we cool apart you sort of knew
you were coming and they were like
tracked into your DNA or something as
you walked up to they opened I don't
know you try figure it out you actually
try turning up the volume on television
yes John did you what will be surprised
now I tried everything
yeah yeah well done wait what did you do
them I I went over and I turned up the
volume on the top yeah Jonathan I was
trying to do that on the actual computer
you didn't touch it you you didn't
really choose the remote
what'd you just say Uther elope if the
body doesn't work on the TV
the first thing yeah Jonathan that would
make sense if we had an actual real like
normal TV but for the longest time
you've been fiddling about with that
machine okay so how am I supposed to
figure that out
oh whoa you keep chopping and changing
it really complicated like you have to
search for celery and then like it's it
we're a normal TV then yeah obviously I
would just turn up the volume on the
remote but it's not a normal TV it's a
computer it's been like that for months
we haven't used the auxiliary amps in
months since she started learning I
could fiddle with them why didn't you
just tell me to but the first thing I
said to you would turn up the television
yeah and I was there trying to turn it
up with the mouse you make it way more
complicated by having a computer hooked
up to our TV we should get like a little
teeny for the back can you get a little
TV like a little wall-mounted TV here
would not be fun friend
I need a buddy
hmm I got longer hair is gone
I mean good in this friend you now have
more hair than me I'm losing hair your
game in here
you made hop into the bat
are you ready double bad or you get a
waterproof casing for the iPhone that
would also work he's in the trend hello
huh huh we're gonna keep this up all
right
tippy-toe effect oh boy
hope you enjoyed your weekend enjoy your
weekend I was doing this to make him
kick make him King we'll see you soon
Junior Oh
night-night see you tomorrow Amelia hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
