Amelia's little house I love you little
house your friend
this is so cool ah players come on let's
go find the animals
so I enjoyed having the a sports car but
I figured you know it's time to get
practical with a nice big SUV you know
like who who drives around in small
sports cars when they've got you know
two kids and six dogs like come on now
jokey jokes
that's ridiculous the car is cadential
cars cut out oh no
the car has restarted itself haha the
car is alive no manual I have forgotten
her to drive the manual that's the
remainder of the shirt so we're just
gonna have a quick check make sure
everybody has got the shots that ordered
the shirts and then another the Attali
up and see what we've got left over see
what the remainders are I'll check my
rough work check my rough work section
see if there's any remainders so my
friend brought over some spot own which
is the stuff that I asked my midwife
about because she was saying that well I
told her that the iron supplements were
making me really sick so this is it -
just add it to water and it's just
liquid and these are supposed to be
really light so she said if I could to
try and take like to start out with one
a day there's really not a lot of iron
in it like they are quite light I mean
it's not it's not too offensive it
actually tastes okay
the initial taste is like that kind of
metal II kind of taste I don't know but
it's not that I'm trying out my new GHD
it's the GHD Eclipse I guess that means
it's here - no that was so fancy I
pressed this button see mine was like
really old I was like six years old so
it was all all technology and I haven't
had like a new hair straightener and so
like it not ever
not since six years ago so this is like
completely different but yeah this is
the Eclipse which is supposed to have
like triple technology I don't know
something that the number three and then
also
what's the other thing oh yeah it only
heats up to a certain to like the
optimum temperature so it doesn't like
fry your hair or something I thought I
don't know I'm gonna try to say it and
see if and I'm so excited
all right there kitty kitty enticed
kitty huh
in our roller coaster contraption no sir
hey that's not the way to act in the
roller coaster of love you must be loved
boomtown bonus one Idol one child and
one small baby thank you very much it's
like Tetris about a CD home of the
valley and the seed which like in the
Christmas to the entrances
I invited invited in the pop
so total boners blood Christmas village
come and see the animals that's not
amazing
I'm just hungry we went into the light
snack breakfast give this little
collection of and I got some beef tart I
got some cookie dough put it right
strips of bacon some other thing I don't
know what it is and a big potato cake
and salads and stuff look at that that
is amazing
this made me very happy and warming this
Christmas day yum yum we all having a
good time you have a lunch time laughs
you haven't allowed
oh my god this is a real Christmas tree
okay
that's what workers we see so much the
parent eaters like a petting zoo or
something in here
oh look at this look at this ever wonder
died here oh good this is so cool huh
thank you to change your badass huh that
cool is it
Amelia's little house I love you little
house here a friend this is so cool oh
players come on let's go find the
animals let's go let's go find the
animals be in here no I think those are
Santa's don't hey I think it's a dog
hmm hey hey this is so cool Arlis this
is just some bird that just randomly
come in here hi hi we came in for the
rabbit don't fly away no no Christmas
dog o Christmas dog mMmmm is this sheep
borrowing him you
that's a secret dad what's a secret
sheep talking look at the peel pekus hmm
No look at him no you know let me know
what you think of him we think a him
he's the donkeys
hmm the Christmas donkey hello
hmm this was donkey
along
another one oh my goodness crayon castle
oh let me put you down Oh
it is thing
the Giants life I don't know friends
you're supposed to be supervised but I
can't get in there
we have to go get mom we have to get mom
so she can supervise both of us we're
gonna go to a drive by Iraqi drive by
this is the place where Ana went to have
that M mom's weekend early party every
night so grand it's a dot you know
that's a bit smaller than our Christmas
tree I think is it yeah
the flags and I'll lead off into the
wind you okay no spoilers no spoilers
that look you can see the sparkle the
finest penny the elves come and collect
you on the train and bring you to the
sparkle thumbs up for Sparkle fire kind
of it and looking it look looks mean
it's me I'm having a bad day all right
just get the car back I just put it to
show you this is what I got done right
the air intake comes down here look this
in the last an hour Bob is so awesome
looking in it and just sound difference
and you can actually feel that are
deadly every time I go out for lunch you
know I have made it a habit of bringing
back something for the dogs
because Amelia never finishes her lunch
so she usually gets something like in
ham and cheese sandwich so I have to
g-guys I'll be having cheese toasties
here and I'm gonna divide them into six
aziz but they all know they always come
to my bag and sniff it because they know
that there's something gonna be in there
so let me cut this up for you guys okay
watch this I decided to go up here to
double yes - man I've done just like
these gingerbread making houses kits a
lot of villages you can make it a
gingerbread and stuff and I was like
that was so much fun
I have not didn't actually have be a
gingerbread house so American came
looking but I got these jokes look
decorate a cookie
yet like loads of stuff and you just
kind of like decorator cookie and I
picked up one of the air because I think
that'll look pretty and it'll make Emma
happy to have a Christmas eating rather
than a this thing that tree but I mean
it has noise like a meatball fell out
what's it broke open
no go backwards good Carol oh you're so
good good girl mm-hmm
you know how you know how come on Pooh
bum they need to change you come on hmm
what are you doing you playing a game
you teasing the doggies close the gate
close it close it you have to come out
first good girl you close that so the
doggies can't go walk
oh my goodness I dropped the PlayStation
in this morning the laser was broken the
laser has been replaced at the
PlayStation is fixed already back in
business with our friend here awesome
and it's got a same-day turnaround I
drop it in this morning about 9 or 10
o'clock
actually and it's back working relays
and everything
guess what Amelia it's returned but
that's for the future don't ever touch
that again oh my god that's so cute you
dare play the airplane game figure yeah
just when you think huh
these ones are these are all I kind of
like leftovers or ones that I kind of
had problems with you order to fix out
so it's the last box mixture it's tough
so we're just trying to get to all these
so I can get these there today so
everything is completed assistance is
working tirelessly here amelia is on the
job and so hopefully tomorrow and so
many people are emailing me about em
extras and leftovers will it be any left
when we get this finish we're gonna try
and get all this done tonight so
hopefully tomorrow or later on tonight I
will know how many we actually have left
over and what size
then your buddy request and a special
newbies sat on huh you know requests and
new visas sat on small piles and piles
and piles and piles when you come and
play with me we'll be as happy as can be
hi won't you come and play with me well
be a therapy as can be and when that day
is almost done
well tell each other I love you oh oh
over tires down the stream oh that
wasn't going back
where's she going no one knows say my
dear friends my friends say girl okay
nice
hey see you tomorrow for the winter
wonderland extravaganza nice list
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
