good morning friends we're making some
breakfast
unless she's having some of this stuff
that animate immediate feeding or some
fake food
Eduardo not on pancake duty when I feed
you for real now excuse me movies
alright now first let's give her a first
ready cauliflower
hmm don't you scram in here mate good
girl
huh megabyte your sisters meeting you
well done the media yeah the more yeah I
made some Christmas present for mommy
let's go I made them at school for money
money and knowing Manoa unwrap them
today I mean tomorrow and it's what
daddy's gonna wrap mummys present and
mommy's gonna wrap daddy's present
Frank
open wide and say come on baby come on
I have a challenge alright so we've got
two children two pancakes make they
bought once Nutella I know you do
this is all we have we have to make that
work for two pancakes
otherwise you'll be murder this is that
an S is morning champine cake one has
been completed this is your one mr.
escalating now he is you know a spatula
thing oh my goodness guys love it yeah I
got the thing Oh Bianca well yeah we
made it you did it
you got a chocolate pancake chocolate
pancake for Less yeah or a media and
then we all went back to bed except for
Alan's upstairs putting a messy at the
bed she doesn't know the loss knocked
back into bed this is what Sunday's were
invented for us kids are obsessed this
new game yeah you made the kids do stuff
are the people like just looks like a
play play house call what's a calling
Armenia play house I think that's the
one thing you miss guys and we've got
these kids like since I don't know how
long it's been since I've managed to
sleep especially the last few months our
last yeah I haven't slept past exam
that's a horrible it's a horrible
experience imagine sleeping tonight at
my present leg it would be amazing
wouldn't it guys
yeah lazybones daddy
he won't tidy isru lazybones daddy he
lives inside a shoe little leggings guys
she she's a you're in a proper outfit so
you pick a ball for her you look so cute
guys oh I saw my annoying something
begin woke up so it is something in a
whole town oh that stems from that stay
you know in an airplane
now I'm off to collect grandfather or a
lot my grandfather well be cool like my
father because he cannot stay here
because Alessia has stolen the spare
room because it's so hard with the kids
cuz they wake us up all the time so
early so I like to try and just at least
once a week I'm never gonna get a lie in
which is like chilling bad I just got
them all to chill in bed with us some
kind of a lion you're awake you're not
getting more sleep but you're just
trying to find what relax you know
updates yesterday's story if you guys
watch the vlog para Rangers alpha 5 and
has spent a lot of time here a robot in
the control room a robot in the control
not the office ok
she was right guys she is right guys I
didn't see up to you all I wasn't really
into Power Rangers yesterday at the end
of yesterday's video guys you put up a
clip we discussed the Power Rangers
thing very funny
I just want to be a robot robot robot
what mommy's boobies are on display
hey display explain again oh boy oh boy
Alexia Alexia Thomasina look at new code
I know
jokes oh no no but look you stopped him
for a minute just look at them when she
gets hyper and she gets excited yeah
you know even like look at her foot and
say Dada Dada Dada Dada oh that's me
remember he's like oh and say you
probably say Eduardo first with you was
his name-o b.i NGO b.i NGO and bingo was
his name-o yo what fun we had a dog and
bingo was his name-o be ing yogi jiki
NGO and bingo was his name-o there was a
farmer had a dog and bingo was his
name-o be AI NGO be a NGO the NGO hmm
anyway we just want to update you about
the robot there was a robot mary robot
it's feeding time at the zoo you like
this this is a sweet potato and squash
butternut squash yes it is yeah yeah do
you want some more oh good girl opening
your mouth yes good girl look at that
baby
look at that babe and determined not to
be defeated by life
oh I'm upside down yesterday was very
stressful as you may have seen
yes yeah and you'd have been doing solid
piece I just thought it update you guys
but her things have been very solid and
we're so happy about that I mean yeah
could you like a real person now
immediate this morning she was like she
looks like real okay just like she looks
like a real person of like yeah but I
know what she means and it's his first
time oh is that funny see then see vent
Oh see bone see bones events huh cement
see Bam Bam Steven Steven keypad
grandpa's gonna film you just hold it
like that it's all recording you know
all right this is where those new
favorite trick it's called holding I
guess go ready
what
that's for speedy racer what's me yeah
good boy and what about a media sciama
a media well done hmm don't bite her
head do you see the delivery man guys
no people
what come on this way pizza or you'd be
a delivery man come on pizza delivery
man oh thank you you have to deliver
your pizzas grandpa Oh chips and pizza
it's a nice it's a new thing all right
everyone take their seats back at the
airports you're gonna say goodbye to
Grandpa
I took a website why to you whole time
don't be sad to media I don't squishy
media let's watch the firstborn did you
have fun grandpa yeah well grandma has
to go home because there's a hurricane
coming but it's gonna flow my way what
explains you on the way home
all right just putting Alessia to bed
and she is hyper tonight she stoked my
bathroom because she know she was
kicking in the bar and she was kicking
up but not in that way
like literally she was so happy and she
just splashed water everywhere but right
now she's in a really cute mood so I
just wanted to capture what's going to
see yourself doing this the whole time
and every time I give her it right you
are so well if you get stuck in a
hurricane in media all the planes won't
be able to fly you home so there is
currently a hurricane
it's hitting Ireland tomorrow morning it
might be coming to the UK so Aer Lingus
when I'm flying with a cast a lot of
their flights so he was supposed to stay
a bit longer but unfortunately he has to
go home because of our hurricane and the
last time that happened was 1987 which I
remember I remember in 1987 I remember
waking up the next morning and going out
and driving around and watching like
Ireland because we got battered at
Dublin anyway for sharks I was in Dublin
well you remember you know The Wizard of
Oz the airplanes don't usually fly
because the airplanes know that there
was a hurricane is there don't worry
you'll never fly into a hurricane
well when we get home okay I will get on
your iPad and we look up some YouTube
videos about hurricanes and then we can
see them how about that is that a deal
all right
see what happens maybe we'll see an
airplane fly into one who knows there's
all sorts of things on YouTube
