Oh take it to new level
hi I'm Jo P this is my little baby
Amelia that's my wife Anna that's my dog
Cena and that's my dog newbies and
that's my dog to you and that's my dog
Albee she's the monster she's a monster
she's a cookie monster okay all right
puppy down friend oh I'll put in wanna
go up there you want to go venturing
into the plains of tomorrow
well well well well we're best friends
now so knocking something else but I
know that with Peter marks Fang did not
say Peter Marshall selling which in HD
at the moment so I'm going to say that
have one hair pink one finger for picnic
okay
totally bringing immediately Santa this
year I think she's old enough to
experience my options they have some
stuff here this is the one she was
suggesting it's like a brand new type of
one are you eating a windowpane
what are you doing anyways we're gonna
take a nap now it's actually a little
bit late it's like half 12 but we are
gonna go down for a nap because we have
been off schedule for like the last week
or so see how dangerous that is if you
could if she go open that window that
would be so dangerous what she can't
don't worry umm anyways so let's find
her some nice clothes to wear and then
put her down for now I will be a hero
riding into town so this is what we got
GHD Eclipse professional side I would
try tone technology I don't know
whatever the hell tritone technology is
we did an unboxing we shall not we
should leave for Anna for them she's no
idea I just bought this so I shall be a
hero riding into town
he also comes with a three-year warranty
that's pretty good considering on his
last one lasted six years
whoa oh you feel my lip balm thank you I
was looking for that so I just had to
take out some stuff from Amelia's bin of
like big clothes like big girl clothes
so I haven't been like 18 to 24 months
and like 24 months kind of clothing
because I noticed lately that she's
getting too big for her 12 month closer
it all too small and then like her 12 to
18 are getting small in there too
well some of them not all but I can't
believe it she's so big okay come on
Amelia let's get dressed okay I'm like a
child I'm like a child
Christmas has arrived I know I was
excited
GHD so somebody did not have her nap at
all
was it you but look at her cute
Christmas slippers aren't they so cute
they're like really thick wool and then
they've got fur on the inside like on
the soul part so they're really toasty
and warm and she loves them yeah we got
them for my Canadian friends that we met
last summer I think when I was pregnant
with the media and I remember getting
them and she was like oh that's for you
know obviously when she's a lot older
when she's like 1 or whatever and I
remember thinking like that's never
gonna happen
you know now they do and it's perfect
timing because of Christmas they're so
cozy and she just loves them they're
actually really really easy to walk in
I'm impressed because they have like a
leather sole underneath like a really
soft leather and I think they're
Canadian I think they're like originally
from from the area that they live in or
something I'm not I'm not really sure so
I'm just sitting here waiting for
something and I just I got them you know
box morning you know so I needed that at
the intake it'd come in its intake by
the way and I got that one the new speed
one because I like that loads and loads
of them and the comparisons and dot one
which they don't seem to manufacture in
Europe it's just like there's a lot more
growling you know I mean and yeah I'm
gonna do the mill take full system with
the cap bypass and that particular
intake works really well so you're
talking about with the chip if you get
the chip to
and plus their mill tactic at bypass and
the intake talking nearly a 4050 brake
horsepower increase
thank you thank you very much I'll take
it anyway look at this cutie pie oh my
goodness like a little travel Peppa Pig
back have a big toothbrush and likes to
pace and stuff and Devon that's so cool
I came all the way from Devon would you
have it
Alicia thank so you should from Devon
this Peppa where does the pig live and
only UK know where actual Peppa Pig
lives
you know like I'm sure the area's based
off some place in the UK so well let me
know you know what that if you are in
just Peppa Pig watch pick up some subway
on your way home and I gotta read a
subway fun time one make it nice it's
your first Capri Sun huh I just have a
cap we son every day in school this is
like tropical flavors huh first every
Sun and then again Cadbury Sun Kent
don't go to Capri Sun no one pronounces
it correctly Mikami you prance it
correctly anyway
cloud - Chad - meatball so we got the
steak subs oh my I got chili on my one
because we need yeah well I don't know
you want to chili chili give you
heartburn see I know your body better
than you do Oh nuke speed yeah break new
teeth Oh
do we like this hmm
is that a nice little surprise to get
when you came home that we can do each
other's hair you can do my hair yeah
I'll be terrible didn't we get a GHD for
the dogs at one point O is a joke are
you walking around making noises are you
he's trying to make the noise that you
make noises what's that that's me don't
bring out you love it is it cuz it's
partially laughter yeah I picked it out
of this books out of the bag through
this valley at a redwood novi Peppa Pig
he's the girly-girl fighter tio
grandfather's FINA I love my daughter
very much but she broke my playstation
so what kind of move reached an impasse
oh no she's pulling it everything that's
fell and smashed and I was just like I
don't seem that bad turn it on but look
the whole thing is like cracked open all
the way around here you ready for light
hold your eyes oh good morning again my
favorite things our puppy cupcakes
dresses yeah what was that
dancing my family my family listen to me
Amelia you have no idea to heart like
you've brought into my life he broke my
playstation how does that make you feel
hmm how does that make you feel are you
what it would what's what's happening
here
whoa hi it's done in it
he's done in it why do you do my camera
hi so you pulled it in the floor and you
broke it
how does it make you feel
it's your guilt it's okay though huh
good job friends it was good teamwork he
media broke the PlayStation and I bought
me a new PlayStation before tell us my
plan I was worried that nothing was
happening and it was getting too late so
he went into the room right he's like
kicked it in the floor what's that she
is a matter
she's a Messer hey hey Messer hey Messer
okay what what are you excited for it
okay I mean yeah give one give it
someone good girl Xena hey there hey van
hey van
then with youth on the via they are
you're so silly newbies newbies teo and
paid the game packers give that steel
hey girl give it to newbie you're there
give it Nevaeh it's here you lay out it
has that the cleverest licking it
newbies newbies you need guinea bees
yeah
Nevaeh just take this you're not getting
any more your janitor
okay what's the LB Lizzie give one to
Albie Albie Albie
no no yank no chance our lights come on
come on give this Albie Albie come on no
no no no not to see it no no no give it
to Alvey give it to Alvey ah good girl
off the trail crap my earrings oh well
she got it thank you
what are you gonna do with that stick it
in here yeah no loss marriage news we
want your earrings first put earring
ears on her earrings there's nothing for
dessert except for this yeah this seemed
like a good alternative no no no what do
you think you know somebody that might
like that what do you think don't drop
it
hmm there's no yogurt or anything but we
had some great times
okay you ready for a duet friend
nice mashing I try this one looking good
no no just just his finger just his
finger look see resorting to the mashing
are we nice nice nice nice heart
oh you taking it I lost it hey what's he
doing huh oh geez oh geez
I think the TARDIS is coming do you hear
the TARDIS
so fun
Oh take it to new level
the artist formerly known as Emilia
Thomasina huh
in a bath bomb again between you want no
eating or smell smell smell so which one
do you want pick one pick one get you
huh
big girl with your Peppa Pig brush yeah
Oh cute
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
