and we are done friend we done oh
oh thanks Amelia hmm huh you a good job
your friends were helpful too but you
did all the work
good morning I can't do the lobby get
herself some breakfast you request on
and talk about hmm you better enjoy it
Fred to the spatulas orange tomorrow and
then it's great here is a medium brown
sugar on top okay he became a girl
brought her over she like started to put
it down in front the batter
oh this is what I'm having breakfast I'm
having the platter
I ordered the platter of sugar it's a
wide variety of different sugars and
there's dipped in butter and jam it's
gonna be doubly
minicars on you try and get some attempt
like Sundays the hypnotizing room has
changed forget the vanity at the top
that's cute other than that hypnotizing
thing has changed
oh no it isn't it's still there mm-hmm
hello there what you playing with Oh TV
channels posted posted notes on TV
channels we have the girlfriend we got
to go back to friendly his friend HQ and
pick up the dogs and get the vlog at it
I have only a bad idea
I'm gonna buy greatest bass they've
removed mankind
we should get worries at home you should
like swap out one of the bedrooms for
like a giant bathroom like a bath room
not like a toilet bathroom you know I'll
be epic I'm here today just for the dogs
don't be good for cleaning their poo
bums you know a bidet no but like doggy
poo bums
modey modey modey modey modey modey
watch loads of Christmas movies in a
much home alone why don't we watch the N
and Nelson Mandela movie wasn't a
Christmas Eve movie per se it was
actually really good it's quite
interesting I think was the made-for-tv
one I'm sure there's lots of different
variations of it huh
all right he's an important man was an
important man hmm
you're gonna be an important person when
you grow up Amenia already aren't
important person you bring happiness to
the lives of hundreds of thousands of
people worldwide every single day Qasim
what you think that's amazing
alien alien
careful don't break it to the fishies
monster it's a seahorse is it good
there's a couple
don't find article what does that stop
oh yeah okay you ready friend for the
journey you got your friends with you
huh you ready are you ready to go okay
we got the party zone um
Dublin Dublin this way and we're not
gonna go there oops oops needs bar are
we good the cheese town ring char the
bells any chart a little friendly a
string hi hi hi I'm looking for are you
a friend you spend that's not so easy
breh so it hey it was somewhere in China
though yeah I think there's one open and
Douglas we need to sample fine look at
that today Willy picking so much YUM
we're home yay somebody's excited you've
got all your toys yeah the only thing
missing are the doggy friends cuz
daddy's gone to pick them up hmmm oh do
you love your couch what are you doing
what are you doing oh they're all not a
lid on they're only for Amelia his only
friend Melia she's so cute you got so
excited when we came home and she saw
all her toys she was like um so we're
gonna try and get unpacked I've already
got laundry on the go cuz laundry is
like crazy whenever you get back from
even like a two-day trip but then we
actually had laundry that needed to get
done before 2 so I have that on the go
our Christmas tree it's all pretty and
then I need to bring some stuff upstairs
and unpack also this is like my pet
peeve whenever the door opens all these
leaves blow in
but we're so happy to be home and it was
so nice and warm when we came in and uh
I'm just so I'm so happy to be home
Oh Jonathan said there was like not like
an emergency but they run out of cards
at the card or the t-shirts place so we
need to sign like five hundred more I
think oh I thought we had given them
like actually we thought we had given
them too much but turns out don't we to
sign more so and I think all the time
all the pens are or most of the Pens are
actually in the where has placed oh I
think you might need new colors anyway I
just collected the dogs drop them home
million and I'm having lunch I need to
drop we ran out of postcards how's that
possible if I sent more shirts than
expected I didn't even know how I even
happen - okay sure - I got jet postcards
downs a team for Leos then I gotta get
back home I gotta get the vlog edited
and uploaded we should probably put
videos a joke that's a good idea Jeff a
joke so I jump again okay jokes and then
I gotta go call the courier then I gotta
go up to the sorting office little
island sort out the oh the blood blue
the blue is and then the blue the blood
and it's a stressful night
hey alright can you place on
I think nikichi all have wrapped up
their lives in first eject button eject
eject go quick it comes up it's so cool
isn't it yeah keys starting spooky
you pop a checking up on you I know I
know she's like everyone she's like oh
I'm used to everyone now if you guys
being here all weekend things cuz she
knew like she'd been here yeah yeah I
kinda knew I was scared this time but
look at everything lined up ready for
Santa's sleigh it's killer they're not
actually better all wrapped up presents
Mimi is going around touching off the
sacks of t-shirt what are you doing you
can't go out there
no not yet where you going now you gonna
help
you're gonna help good girl did you see
her and we are done friend huh we're
done we've done it we've mastered it
still the plan all of our teachers are
going Aires uh-huh oh thanks Amelia hmm
you're a good job your friends were
helpful too but you did all the work
what spike you want point to the best
one who's the best one no you go to
Laura like everyone be getting a milky
way's leave his gloves I was a phone
thing behind into person there should be
stealing things already she went over
take the bottle in Amelia phone phone
and wallet Frank oh my goodness look
processing the video it's just gone six
o'clock oh my goodness I like we barely
made it it seriously
you've no I I just came home we got home
here at about 10 past 5:00 I have to get
in this shirts not sorted I just like
run enjoyed a lot I was like all right
come on my friend it's processing it's
six o'clock okay normally YouTube
sometimes can be a bit late we release
new videos cuz normally I schedule of
them so you know there's a minute or two
when it can be late I can kind of blame
it on YouTube but come on it's just
processing now
you're sitting in yesterday wondering
where the video was on time and you were
like refreshing I'm sitting here at the
exact same moment we're all sitting here
together
that's a shake hands pleased to meet you
all rights just high five like civilized
people
you ready okay so we have two days that
we haven't open yet think we've done six
haven't we
Yeo Jun six to have to do seven oh no is
it three days maybe it's three days here
we go yeah three days so seven open
seven good girl I think it's like a
shepherd or something hey we go or a
wise man girl yeah how'd you know hey
that's 9 no I need to do eight it's
number eight here open up eight good
girl oh I think it's another wise man
see Oh No if there soldier
okay I think that's it for now the Greek
are missing one more things today is the
night but we'll just pretend okay
he'll you're too hot fine heavy for my
bum got lots of bellies I mean lots of
children on me in me whatever
first things first first thing you do
when you come home after spending a
couple of days being waited on hand and
foot is you call room service and you
swiftly realize there is no room service
so you get the next best thing
this is I want to show you guys this is
a coolest thing ever this is the Sam
specialist Italian place that we always
get the pizzas from right I give this
thing here
oh it's rocket rucola with them that
like um I can't rename it the parmesan
and stuff isn't that so good that's the
kind of pizza that you would not get
from Domino's so god I used to always
get that win at Sorrento I loved that
particular one that's how we go to the
scratch this place leftover sweet there
the girls because I we got hopes of
different stuff which answers my
question quality streets was the least
eaten and roses with small accelerations
was and N Roses not the Queen would stay
to pestilence let's go let's all go to
the bad time let's all go have a I
didn't flick you
I didn't flick you that time tell me
your secrets in life come here
hey hey Slade nasty huh
I got you I had you drop it we had you
jacked Oh
Celt we're serving waiting to put he'll
be bred out of you in the back
oh I'll be sniffin the toilet I'll visit
pilots in a perk
these are pilots never let's be honest
not quite as mobile Isha's as the is the
hotel back was keeping he be under on
these two little ragamuffins often me
ragamuffins Oh hmm are you following our
be in one of the intimacy of central oh
oh oh
yeah coffee in a few days because I got
sick on Wednesday night and it's now
Monday night and today it was like the
first time that actually started to feel
better since then so plays like my first
time actually having some out of that
taste would pilot experience so I'm
making a level five I'll crack that work
that's epic I'm like since I have
psychic power thanks for watching as
always please tell me which is your
favorite sweetie and when you finish
this video just check your disc drive
just open the disk drive and fruit me
one of those sweets in there for you
yeah seriously no jokes good night guys
can see you tomorrow hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's - don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
