right it's Lots it's mind
morning again
come on Amelia you don't wanna be late
for school
mmm hello hello oh hey Bobby's watching
you max
oh yeah huh I'm good too a big bed
what's happenin here oh yeah what's
happening I think that was that you know
just oh oh it's all rainy imagine
imagine I was like on Christmas Eve oh
the Galway Bay is right there I scarcely
imagined the sea was right there to see
is right there you eating a cross on
just laying out look what I decided to
get
I'm surprised yeah no can you never make
fries so we'll try some friend
trying to get hypnotized you will hit
the like button you will hit the like
button in the middle like the pink room
it's cool isn't it it's gonna next room
the next experience we duetting you do
it with me will you be my grew up when
you do you might do it can you be my new
it's my duet kit of all don't you stick
your bum in my face don't you go over
our sticky buns in people's faces it's
so rude you're looking like it's Grace's
the Cool Ranch to keep bugging the
fastest all award this is milk so look
all aboard
huh you ready for a fun time huh Fiza
put your tray tables in the upright
position
Pegasus are here here here here here
here here let's go and drive around the
block for 10 minutes
take your left like what okay well we'll
drive back to square all right that's
what you want us to do this is the prom
this is where my oppa who's no longer
alive used to walk every single day like
every single day I used to walk the prom
and my grandparents used to have two
dogs which they have another dog now
book back when like my hope ours life
actually had two dogs one with Toby and
what everyone was Molly and he used to
walk them every single day down here
Amelia has been crowned the pontiff of
Galway the first baby Pope no color
imbalances huh you want that one
it's Alma Oh what you get it what is it
Oh fell over
you nearly made a castle go oh it's
really cover oh I don't know if we're
gonna get that one yeah yeah good job
no you idiot Rico oh yeah get it you get
it
dinner was spectacular the dinner be
spectacular
my friend you a Korean up wait
Swedish sweets speed and speed speed
speed
go back to the hotel recuperate maybe
take a little nap or something after all
the food breakfast turned into lunch
which is turned into afternoon supper
but we're gonna try and just do a quick
drive-by what's the deal here does this
work
I don't understand I don't speak go away
in so oh wow
cool you're coming back crap I'm
carrying around an empty stomach to be
filled
yes that's what more of my plan because
I'm looking at it I'm like I'm just not
hungry yeah yes yes we can't go to the
chariot thing
oh my god we're bringing a meeting on a
funny line ride ah we're just gonna
drive around in circles we can keep
seeing okay Amelia do you see the
horsies look do you see them look is she
looking she is actually she can see the
horsies oh wow which one oh yeah oh this
is cool but yeah I'm just not hungry
enough or like in the Main Street I
think you know if we're like oh crap sky
full of hot dogs popcorn and then go in
the craziest ride of your life Oh Thomas
of course you would find can't have
Christmas without home alone look amelia
is having a picnic yeah when they bake
bake bread so you picnic is our recap
pre pre Christmas market huh this is a
wee precrease mas' market
yeah portugee Melia doesn't need a nap I
would mine in Annapolis she's gone quite
quite you gone quickly yeah but home
alone and that's the end of home alone
if you can even make it out it's just a
little TV here it's so far away it's so
far away friend list huh the mom comes
home you enjoy home alone huh so I'm
gonna go to the winter market a little
window market yeah fill ourselves up
with Nutella we have returned for our
cakes it's okay I'm a tourist and a
vlogger to two reasons we're we're Multi
multi pass booty bop
what's this dinger
so what happened was that the minute
when I could park there it was like for
24 hours but it's like right across the
road from it so Alan bought the 24 hour
parking click one hour so it was apart
for 24 hours take my spot welcome to the
lit up smells amazing
yeah I think this is the here is it no
all right let's do a quick lap do a
quick now first we see everything right
that salon goodbye
it's like hello goodbye a lot of the
kind of stuff is kind of closed it's
really all froze we're so tired and we
had to have our naps what am i walking
who's like company this is cool
get you in like a fairy Wonderland all
right so three euros each a small Archie
five oh my god monstrous that's a giant
hot dog yeah but not those things are
giant I think so small one forget her I
just want to let her eat some of our
wood yeah
are those the small ones in the corner
life was a bit too big I think yeah it's
too big here we got too small yeah I got
two of my one I got to I got to smalls
I'm getting a large one huh
oh my god our first video on food TV was
called hot dog day one is called hot dog
huh
hot dog I have no idea I have no idea
what day it is today so many should you
to match to figure out what day it is
today
I leave it in comments let me know and
you'll win a hot dog it might be that it
might be a cold dog whereas men gets to
you
she gets that for me you know I do that
whenever I'm like relaxed or enjoying
something I was like twiddle my toes
studying bad always like twiddle my toes
even comment if you're told quit allure
and it's not a total how much my grandpa
look it's actually made of bread like
it's loaves of bread didn't even hear me
coming come on let's go back we decided
to go back to the room and we're going
to just in gorge ourselves on it's gonna
be epic
you can order everything keep it coming
keep it coming
another Christmas movie under go let's
get some room service Mina would you
like some service arrived and in here
somehow this thing it's supposed to open
oh oh oh there's your brother you know
our time it is friend it's time what
about of sound of you
oh I noticed the laptop is uh upside
down on the ground here I don't believe
that is the way it was left oh that's
nice huh friend you excited
Seamans better than yesterday's what's
that
curse that whoa don't back up too much
does back up too much huh don't back up
too much yeah we could snow in Rome fit
Petrobras okay hold on ready
blizzard cooks for you move boy hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
