Oh
this works was ever so or anti-god
I actually getting it and I was like
sick all night long my bones are aching
my head is throbbing I'm supposed to go
and do that packing now
there's always something friends oh yeah
and your heating won't work this morning
iron I had insult to injury there's no
heating in the house I gotta go meet
everyone no geez you know and you've got
internal fast on two t-shirts eternal
Viking outdoor adventure top thing
that's supposed to work in arctic
temperatures then a jacket and a scarf
and a hat and you're still freezing
it's not good at all folks okay so today
I feel not 100% but I'm definitely a lot
better than yesterday I think Jonathan
has now the food poisoning actually
caught up with him yesterday he only had
like a bit of diarrhea and that was a
bit about it and now last night he was
throwing up so I think it caught up with
him
thankfully Amelia because she's not
eating very much at the moment she
didn't eat a lot of that pasta at all
she ate like a minuscule amount so she
hopefully you will not get it hey honey
we have a plumber coming everything is
just kind of gone wrong
so Jonathan's really sick and he had to
go and obviously sort out because today
is the day when we were doing the
t-shirt packing and he hired all those
amazing people to help out who offered
to help out but he has to be there with
them you know to kind of not even to
supervise just to be there and greet
them and tell them show them what they
have to do and everything but he is in
the throes of this food poisoning which
if it's anything like what I was feeling
like yesterday I don't know I feel so
bad for him these are the ones that I
still have to do know I've done these I
still have to sign these - I'm signed in
the middle of signing these and the ones
that I've just gone out have Amelia
signature on them which it's not even
hers it's me signing it but it's just
that it takes so so long to get through
like thousands and thousands of cards
and I just hope that if you guys receive
one that only has my signature and
Jonathan's that you're not offended it
doesn't mean that I don't care about you
or that I care any less about you as
opposed to the other people who did get
the amoenus
it's literally just like I started off
one way and then you know I didn't have
enough time because we're here on
Thursday and everything needs to be
shipped at tomorrow and I know how long
it's gonna take me to go through
everything and if I have to go through
everything twice over to do Amelia's
name as well I don't even know if I'm
gonna get finished I don't think I would
the teachers are about 20 minutes away
look there's a chair of that why would I
need set up there I'll sit there they go
with good microphone
don't say that a yellow helmet in case
things get out of control
mmm all right teachers have arrived whoa
now we just need to pack them all up
look at the amount oh boy all right I
gotta make the tables up I better go get
the team they're all next door and
Marie's waiting I've got some Luca said
that bigger in Ireland and you're saying
maybe things cure for everything so I
figured if I just try and fill this up
with new clothes and sugar and stuff in
like that I'll be a bit longer
close it emedia close it close the door
close the door close it good girl
come on good girl good girl
yay good girl
yeah when we put something else on for
you mommy's wrapping paper cave yay I
got so much wrapping paper from Paper
Chase because Paper Chase are the best
in my opinion they have the best
stationery and stuff like that and they
used to exist in Cork I'm not sure if
they exist in Ireland anymore like in
Dublin maybe they're in Dublin but they
definitely aren't in court
anymore which sucks because it was such
a nice shop teams all working hard like
how many teachers we've got piled here
but we're getting tons done just cool I
didn't get that much done house it's
gonna take longer so good time okay
waiting for a plumber all day he's been
on the way since about 11 o'clock this
morning
that's now five o'clock who know no
Amelia to sleep though so hopefully you
to stay she had a messed up leche I
think she kept waking up when I was
getting up there doing my business I
think I kept waking her later I geez I
changed her sheets today and she was
like stroking them earlier he was so
cute she's standing it here and she was
like stroking them and looking at them
waiting it's freezing up here although
she's nice and warm because I put her in
warm clothes and then I put on her
blanket come on let's go damn and then I
put all her toys on nice and her bed
looks all nice and cozy huh didn't your
bed look cozy and nice this is all
laundry I need to do oh my goodness
while we're sitting here waiting for
your mind to come yeah I fixed it I
fixed it oh my goodness I reckon it's
because I was so sick today
I couldn't think you know yeah cuz only
I could fix things you know I was a
technician for years a cat5 technician
but still the same you know so oh my
goodness I fixed it I better go call
them time to turn around turn around
every now and then I get early
so this is my progress so far I've got
my family in white Jonathan in gold and
Jonathan's family in silver and of
course that means that's not all the
prison I just have a couple of dozen but
it's taking a while I also I need to
film for the starlet so I'm gonna try
and do that now Jonathan's gone to bed
and I need to take me out with me and I
film so hopefully she'll be hey it's my
simple way to get you something fuzzy
and you're done in your mouth no we're
just hanging it in the cupcake room
because we're gonna edit my video that
was really hard cuz I had to try and
film with her like scrambling around my
room and getting into everything
Oh careful of your brother careful of
your brofist you're doing where's the
cupcake you I my cupcake we wake daddy
what does that mean I don't know if he
wants something to eat or not I'm
guessing not if he feels like what I did
yesterday but thank you and of course I
didn't take anything out of the freezer
today so we have nothing to make for us
for dinner what was this doing under the
covers Jonathan are you looking a little
fort matter
my juicer my gym hey guys so I'm sick
I'm pretending I'm sick so I don't be
nice to me there's no potential Yeah
right you're not a half I think as I was
yesterday we're such a liar I was like
getting Lucy as you know I got sick way
more than you did oh it's a competition
that we have no because somebody forgot
I have played yeah okay don't give it to
our daughter if it's not food poisoning
then it's a virus so yes we're talking
about of marina and she said to me it's
like oh it was the turkey you probably
have something on that see maybe I
didn't eat a lot that night so it would
make sense that she didn't and the
turkey was out of date and we shouldn't
have eaten it go ahead over roll over
and one fell over and T OPA ha ha
everyone's here in the bear both sided
they were downstairs and then one of
them here you guys having the fun times
you're so cute the 10 is Junior six
seven eight nine go back my friend I
miss you coz I'm asleep all the time
mm-hmm that's the worst part at all this
miss my little friend you miss me I had
since you've had a few spoonfuls and
some chicken that's in water when you're
looking at right are you looking at
is that it is that what you want
is that what you want you have to do
something nice for me first pickup
please say please please please what's
that I know this daddy never puts
bubbles in your bath but mommy does okay
let's do this this day huh thank oh look
at your face me Alec let's wait boss
your face girl Kaplan good come on you
have to say night-night friends and I
think we're gonna read the German book
that I just make up every time because
I'm not really sure I can tell like
roughly what it means but I was come
here you stuck in the little funk come
here
come up for your book oh thank you bring
bring bring
hello who's calling
you want to talk to Amelia okay he's for
you
it's for you okay say night-night
friends say night-night friends
good night I'm gonna read my book now
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Joey - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
