it makes me want to cry because when I
finally did throw up I could feel the
baby moving and I just felt so like like
I was not damaging him but I just felt
so bad because I could feel him moving
and like you know when you throw up it's
not a nice feeling like you your stomach
muscles tighten and everything and I
just felt like I was squeezing him or
something and I just felt so bad
morning my friend very excited this
morning hmm
you're excited you're standing on an
elephant I don't want it I don't want to
talk about the elephant in the room
little bit no that's me do it let's go
let's uh go to lobby the lobby you
enjoying your juice chasing the doggies
oh good so I brought my brother's kid in
the end I wanna open it myself
Jackson stuff this is my new favorite
team right away hi a measely from
Flavin's it's incredible it's like full
of like good stuff and all but forget
that part
it tastes amazing it's so good you know
what the sad part is what appears to be
I see the problem
yeah let me just let me just go ahead
and fix the problem by removing them now
the situation has been solved listen the
house looks so much bigger
without the air where the gate there now
it's mental hi
it just looks like a whole different
house or something I wrap nice one
for any feelings 42.5 inches away from
us an ice shell I can accept honey so
here we go revise and revitalize you see
if that makes mommy better woman uh-huh
tell me when true this once you have to
make you last time
hmm said you seem to be a lot easier tea
for one in Loving Cup I'm an engineer
friend you can put it up your nose or
something I don't know I'm making jokey
jokes
she's like a big girl in any case she
like loves it now in anime it's like
she's just not happy anymore and she's
on the couch like she's just like and
all I have to do is teach her now like I
don't even need my protection system
because she can get up and down no
problem oh you want to get up Sini's hmm
everybody it's over it's over okay
friend
today's objective there was a ton to do
today we have about in around 2000 of
the cards signed so okay we've got a lot
done I'm still got a lot to do I know I
am I know we could have like doctor
cards printed and you could have signed
it once and I created a stamp or got the
cards printed with our name on it but I
really feel that that wouldn't be as
personalized as I wanted it to be that's
why we're going to all this extra effort
to sign everything morning because I
think it's worth it you know I think you
guys have a lot of you have been with us
for quite a long time and I appreciate
it and it's just my way of saying thank
you and I'm you know we love them and
then we need to go I gotta go check the
warehouse that I have for the job done
on swimwear today I need to organize
tables for packing tomorrow then we need
to go pick up all the labels and then
sort all the labels into different sizes
so that the process tomorrow is really
smooth and quickly done because we've
quite a lot to do and mom is sick so I
think Eric is not a half day today so
I'm gonna see if she can come over when
she's finished school huh
so I feel absolutely awful
today I was puking all night and then I
puked my breakfast up and I just feel
like crap so my mom and Eric you came
over to help anyway I mean yeah come on
in and she's gonna open her I told her
go get your peppa pig calendar and she
got it come on let's open it where's
Ford what is it Oh Oh careful hmm
but she knew exactly what it was I said
go get your Peppa Pig calendar and she
went over to where it wasn't wanted to
open it yes the tallest building in the
world don't get one
all right hidden to get the labels I'm
pretty much done you just got to go in
proof one and I'm buying
pop them offices with 20 minutes and
half an hour pump them out amelia is
asleep I got Amelia down piranha oh my
goodness poor girl and of all taste of
all the days so I think Erica's gonna
come over and either Amelia Erica's
gonna mine Amelia and I think maybe help
me or maybe Annika my new media and
Erica can and help me so something like
that this is the warehouse this is a
venture this is going to be friendly a
friend central and it's all thanks for
jellybeans
so you can nip next door and get your
supplies for your kids look you taking
us you can make dinner no not that say
oh she knows it's wrong oh ma not my
mommy oh my say Oh
Oh
can you say oh my see a nice turkey
hi hi say shake and I know she's
obsessed enough good girl
look at his bow yeah good girl okay
finally as you can tell it's actually
dark that's right now because it's
actually Phoenix everything went wrong
and then everything right but then it
all went wrong again and then it all
went right again but then it all went
wrong again
oh okay let's get home to my sick wife
and let's try and sort this stuff - I'm
home you're stealing your pajamas
Erica was good enough to come over and
help looking after her hey what's this
did you bring this a cake oh those for
me is that from you guys whoa whoa all
right let's get you some lunch friends
for dinner even
Hey poor little friendliest friend would
you like some egg it's a little
scrambled eggs
I forgot the bib Erica didn't tell me
about their bib I need to be Agrabah a
hot water bottle Tim I'm not sure why I
did you it's been in school all day
poor thing it's so nice having to have
another hot water bottle since I was a
kid Oh leave me comments if you sleep
what about water bottle why am I getting
an epi no do you even actually like it
and the hot water bottle not too hot
everybody too much never be too hot my
friend that's just sort of a Christmassy
one
well it's red and it has a donkey Amish
so it's Christmassy doesn't your plan
Eric is searching for the orders and
then she's writing whatever the ordered
thing is on them and then I am sticking
them onto the bags tomorrow well yes we
getting me in trouble there Erica's
eaten most of them just just a note I
was having coffee all right Christmas
music sweets coffee signage of students
it's the last pile Oh almost done why
are you in a box why are you in a box
huh
call for backup put the pizza and
chocolate please don't remember
chocolates
kay this is taking a million hours to do
this I may eat this cake before I'm done
you know I like this even comment if you
like this oh geez you having fun friend
you wanted pizza
so we're all enjoying a tasty pizza time
and it's getting a chicken soup
beat the odds with pizza and sweets
chicken soup chicken soup pop quiz a
baby sitting at a table with a plate
full of pizza what does she do
she has six doggy friends what are you
planning on doing with that plate oh
well that's what we do
that's what we told you to do you did
exactly as we wanted you don't you
eating it you eating it
nom nom nom nom nom
oh that in the floor I'll tell you on
the floor just in case you find yourself
on the floor later on I just want you to
know why you're on the floor okay just
in the in the interest of clarity nice
pizza man listen it worked
no slacking Kunis Kunis our margin so
I'm sitting up and I'm lying actually up
in bed I don't think I've ever like oh
my god I feel like I'm aching all over
just from lying down even I'm like I try
it I was downstairs for a while
and oh can I have my laptop please
Thanks I need to edit my video thank God
I added it are I filmed pre-recorded my
video for today yesterday I don't even
know why I did it but I did it I didn't
know I was gonna get this sick obviously
but I did it and I'm just thanking God
that I did that
hi there hi hi there most restful day of
my life and my wife is sick I know I
just
it couldn't have been worse timing so I
think what happened now is that I got
food poisoning
you did oh I thought you I thought you
and jr. said he wanted it well where did
you eat last night I reckon it was the
chef no you know what it was
rude Melia Emilia had diarrhea millinery
larger dogs not all the dogs but there
was two poops downstairs in the morning
for poops
they never poop in the house they don't
even pee really in the head sometimes
I'll be will mark if he gets annoyed for
some reason but they they are good dogs
like they're trained and they don't pee
or definitely don't poop in that I think
the tricky mints was taken out of the
freezer like a day before we actually
cooked it like we didn't cook it on the
day because we got those rule number one
don't get McDonald's okay because it
only leads to disasters and like it
makes me want to cry because when I
finally did throw up I could feel the
baby moving and I just felt so like like
I was not damaging him but I just felt
so bad because I could feel him moving
and like you know when you throw up it's
not a nice feeling like you your stomach
muscles tighten and everything and I
just felt like I was squeezing him or
something and I just felt so bad but
because it never happened with the
meanness would just I don't know I suck
so bad sorry sample two separate times
in the night I get up and throw up and
then didn't get better after that and
then I have breakfast at force myself to
write this morning because I don't want
to not eat because I'm still trying to
take care of the baby that's in me so I
ate breakfast then they threw it all up
so
I don't feel that for me I just feel bad
for the baby uh he keeps kicking all the
time so I know he's okay but I'm just
like I feel so sorry for him okay Missy
I think what's that oh this this is just
a small smart small Snickers bar would
you like a small Snickers bar what
Giuliana sent that to you there you go
oh you've never seen a bar of chocolate
like that in my life
not the world is that the world's
biggest bar of chocolate huh you want a
friend okay you can have one bar of
chocolate before bed oh my goodness is
mental it's not just mental okay
Instagram needs to go needs to happen do
your dance oh then yeah okay that's it
the intro okay just drop there go home
I'm on my own now
she kids want to see what all the orders
look like together this that is what
that is our mission over the next few
days crapper
that's quite a lot of friendliest
friends o Christmas tree o Christmas
tree we just pay you guys like some
thank for watching
dev vlog ''tis I will hopefully see you
please come back tomorrow like the video
leave a nice comment before you go it's
nice it makes you'll be happy attacking
delirious let's see you guys tomorrow I
may actually just still be awake in the
morning time doing this does the guitar
for good luck
good night hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
