me me okay
funny not a couple of thousand to go all
right so you have to do that a few
thousand times
wait you eat eggs and Bakey mm-hmm
no my baby friend my baby friend are you
my baby friend oh wow
dolly is that coming
hey meanie I'm second Irish repeat after
me I'm taking a virgin
don't worry
yeah
okay so amelia is gonna sign her name on
one of these cards okay so one of you
guys is gonna get an original authentic
well they're all original but an
authentic signed card from Amelia
okay so sign your name now okay good
girl just to take this off
there you go good girl
you sign your name you say me to go all
right so you have to do that
a few thousand times go for you go for
it good girl
okay brick that is the best one yet oh
my god Wow
good girl me Mia this is actually on
eBay for two thousand euros yeah these
are mommy's immediate cards I was gonna
say like an idiot but I know I cheat at
like 1 million dollars you know bit like
that oh yeah mm yeah well you want to do
another one oh well I don't know I don't
really think we have time to do another
one maybe maybe at another date a later
date hmm what do you think okay um this
is not working
good girl good girl let's get dressed
now good smore piece morph smell smart
B's morph smells nice
well looky that's it you like my smordy
smord smell song yeah yeah so we're
heading down to the light shopping yet
Oh God so one of them I think you showed
me I sent one of the boxes had am a
white a clear lights had a green one it
was not my fault this time but I would
have been happy with it so we're gonna
go ahead and swap them and then we're
gonna go to sort at Amelia's car seat I
know ready man I'm gonna go to kids our
enemy and sorted Amelia's car see we're
back after Christmas shop but it's not
and a focus last night have fun there's
totally unfocused when I take another
box you never knew you never even saw
the clip you're gonna go to like a
Christmas wonderland of lights and
snowmen that are taller than amelia hope
you pop oh you want something to light
up let up load up glittering with all of
your hands friend come here the video
unless he told you friend what the hell
he's wagging his tail that's what I'm
gonna look like any fears but party
sooner than that maybe she's
basically she's
huh I've been a Peppa Pig aquarium where
is she
there's no fishy than it though you see
it's just kind of boring
see ya the village it's so cute
set up a pink you're not dawdling
totally get her fish like it's not like
they interfere with each other silly all
right everyone leave a comment and let
us know should I feel nothing
responsible for another path yeah yeah
you know what you just came out the tank
and every hope you meet his job kind of
thing
no I'm gone right we can get one fish
for me and then when junior comes be
another fisherman even junior nothing
responsible for another pet I over there
miles away from me
that's a GPS I think he's like miles
race me get it soon friend a question
we got to smell the pastries bring jam
pump up the jam jam everyone say Jam
there once you guys watch Parks and Rec
you just being jammed you got jammed up
look at at brendham jealous know all
your super is amazing her amazing around
like I got the green side car you know I
couldn't resist
whenever you whenever is the green side
for your cameras is myself I just
haven't I just have to have it
okay let's go help me busy left over
something when I grow up and I have my
own house away from you know the group I
let have like a little village like this
you know like you could build a little
village and like every Christmas you
rebuild a village will be somehow we're
going to incorporate sky electrics into
the village and maybe like a toy trains
at work is my daddy's have a toy train
so I put a round around this entire top
of the house this really cool we never
like touch it or play with us before we
let watch it from a safe distance
would it be so cool we should talk to
Vince to arrangement could be a train
driver
I could have look in attic you know like
all dad's up in his attic and I feel
like hiding up my attic playing on my
trains when I grew up in Evan attic I
live up there
or we get these oh you need endian Oh
medium Germany German tealights hmm good
yeah
take a Schmidt look what I just found
because you know I always have pet heads
because we can put it in you know the
special area it's dry shampoo for dogs
oh look this is great for you it was
this 400 to be organic shampoo hmm don't
do it Amelia whoa whoa you have to keep
it a week no because we're gonna live
off your place in Canada sniffing
operation don't let the baby sleep we
call the wibbly-wobbly owners my god is
the worst heartburn ever it's so
annoying it's like if it's not what do
you so much love for me - your heart is
aching it's not anything to do with your
heart
that's weird yeah why why is heartburn
nothing like chest burn yeah we'll be a
better indication not ingesting it's
different it's funny yeah so much
somebody find that out why is heartburn
called heartburn Jovi's today
which he doesn't know so it's your
factor today
you guys were months ago we were in here
looking at car seat this is my dream car
seat well it turns out we're getting my
dream car seat yes the stars in this
yeah
stars it's leather and has stars in it
is it the double stroller what I mean
you couldn't go into there what doesn't
sound like fun Desai she doesn't look
cool she loved that she's like it's not
working it's got no power supply plug
then good working but what's this
what did you get this time what I care
and they're like turns out someone or
staff member they have to find because
they're the only person trained at it
and then I wait for like half an hour or
an in you're like oh sorry it's not
actually that person has told me that
she's not trainings his other guy he's
training but that other guy is in
college but he's finished college at the
weekend so we will be in here from 10:00
on like why rather be here do again and
he won that one is leather and starry
and stuff we're doomed made a you're
stuck in that seat
exactly
we have fluffed our tree because when
Hanley's where we had actually bought
our tree and we're like how come all
these trees look way better than ours
and then we realized that all of the
branches had been like put like this you
know like a star shape so they were like
all out whereas ours were like sticking
in it straight like just sticking like
flat like they had just been taken out
of the box and we were like oops I think
maybe because last year we just got it
new so we must have known to do that I
don't know I I can't remember
oh my god it looks amazing
yeah just put them still oh it's really
nice there is it also there is a gap
right here with lights but oh I can fix
that yeah
oh my god I hate this psychedelic
setting in such a are you for real
I hate those settings who likes the
flashy settings I don't like them maybe
we just do one and then try and find the
second one that's definitely one anyway
not another oh it looks so pretty
it's tough finish this project out every
time something goes right something goes
wrong that's how it feels like with
these cc's every time I'm like
everything is sorted a bulb rose I'm
like swords and stuff and snare just
like they didn't want to like I'm draw
you two shirts too soon whatever it cuz
I'm really sick like it took me like a
proof improvement improvement so I want
these to be perfect and it's we are like
the budget it's like non-existent and in
terms of like being able to actually get
these shirts you guys for the price
never and so like
it isn't there's no proper end in this
you know so I'm trying to like bend it
to all fit you don't mean all these
little balls in the air to make sure
everything the couriers and the space
and the location into printing it and
like one of the little things just broke
right there and they called me and
they're like this is just broken now and
it's like no so we're trying to fix that
with some sticky tape at the same try
and trying to hold up the roof of the
house so dismal for them so we lay back
another day but we're still still gonna
get them out on Friday definitely
getting in there on Friday we're just
gonna have to have to just get back on
my team known how she first fun project
it'll be worried it'll be totes worth it
when everyone's got a probably good
friend shirt that's my goal that was my
mission that's my mission statement
everyone has to have a friend of a
friend shirt that's my mission
that's my plan we're going to treat this
water hey how're you doing that hurdle
that we had anyone ever blank an 8000
barely barely woke up friend hi hi huh
you only barely woke up I beat you
most times you can make what what is is
a you a gymnast you a gymnast you're
gonna be like me I was a gymnast huh so
if you're a girlie gymnast you'd be
different
hmm egg egg as a foot at the foot did
the smelly food you did a smelly foot is
it this many foot is it is nearly foot
good lucky this
don't fall against a tree do not notice
the giant tree behind you you also got
rid of the M the gate thing here you
didn't serve a purpose anymore Selvi
your friend the father come over now
forget it the only one savvy no one's
that was good enough
where'd you get that from where'd you
get that from just came along with some
decorations Oh No
are you gonna take all of them off the
tree or you're putting them on the tree
good girl oh no hmm
this is light central here careful of
dad's an amazing cabling job there it's
safety certified ISS 2000 standard that
was crazy
I was over there at the church and I
said Amina oh my god will be open you
have a big calendar and / - it ran all
the way over here excitedly it was like
fake do you know now this is the
chocolate one okay where's number three
No
Oh
emergency five-second rule it's a Carol
singer
oh wait no more creative get up those
stairs get in that bag
come on Tiffany chop chip chop
tippity-top chip-chop
Jimmy jab chop chop I do pity chipping
chipping job get up - no but slop
flicking the bump no it was just a flick
no it was just it was just something
very dramatic about the flick Oh No
what's the name oh hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
