some day so I just feel so like I love
my children and I love my family and I
love everything about like I'm in a
really happy place but there's just some
of its parenting like motherhood
fatherhood like all of that like raising
small children and just this is the
toughest job in the world but it's the
most rewarding and I know not but
there's just some days where you just
feel like your children have to feed it
we are snuggling together aren't we yeah
and maybe I wanted mommy to come into
her bed and snuggle because we never
really get to do this do we
who's that you'd like that one yeah oh
why don't you like my one from me yeah
that's in our house in court gonna show
people the pictures oh you just took
that one in mm-hmm how'd you do that we
need to get you some more anyway I think
we need some updated pictures
so turns out the only reason of meeting
I wanted me in her bed is because she
wanted to steal my phone and play what
do you want to play Sofia games nice so
it wasn't about the cuddling at all was
it okay lassies asleep by the way I need
to make use of this time otherwise it's
gonna go past too quickly she woke up at
6:00 this morning and yeah this app I
paid a fortune for by the way and they
barely ever play with it so I am I was
just talking to Daddy about the God and
neither
get out you you memory someone in your
family and it's not good because you'll
get told up on the odd and it's good and
sometimes they try in other places they
kill the God try to kill the God and
sometimes it works can't do that because
of boys it's bad because no not allowed
to marry someone in your family and I
don't know why but you're not supposed
to and if you can feel that order from
the God
oh we made it to the airport guys right
that's the airport but we are collecting
grandfather who run for the not my
grandfather well that'll be cool we're
picking up daddy's daddy it is you think
everyone has that these guys are you
where you getting all these stories from
I've got and death and all I'm easy
all right let's going this one because
this is the one that's closest to
arrivals I hate this car price though oh
it's so tight it's tight like it tight
like a tiger
oh well I just don't know if the kids
are gonna be able to get outside the
door I said that'll be the next problem
yeah today was supposed to be a heatwave
and as far as I can tell there's no
heatwave like it's just a dull dreary
day there's no heat wave at all you are
you're smiling at mine oh is that why
you woke up a little bit
would you I made it up your hair
careful why it's got a roof on top of a
road
what kind of airport is this huh how is
everything moving if you're standing
still Amelia come on yeah there you go
10:15 this flight is here in the baggage
hall keep our eyes out what's this
grandpa look like again he has a beard
gray beard does he look like Santa Claus
he's father yeah
he doesn't spot me my father doesn't
recognize me hello there so is the
distributing gifts you got them a laptop
here in a book
we were all I was gonna walk we brought
two doggies with us Theo and Nevaeh got
chosen on the lucky dogs part is trying
to blow one of those things and I'm also
carrying a scooter because I made it
they don't want to screw here four three
two one zero
you're not gonna make it you're not
gonna make it you're not gonna make it
get over here okay you got it you've got
it you've got it you've got it get it ah
all right let's go into the spooky
forest
and right out what is your runner down I
get him the floor is lava oh my goodness
no can't just climb up there jump that
here guys grandpa's left over there on
his own I run the crazy hell
what we're still active friends I'm
trying to listen to maybe a week
we're almost to one more watts one more
booking we've gotten airbox down once
anna has dem completed we are halfway
litter box down cuz is a IBC type sign
all these ones Bona needs to sign these
and saving of my scene trending I know I
was a competition I'm just saying that's
the reason why I know has their neck oh
my god and then look I ordered these my
I was on and they tell me I failed
yesterday we deliver today after I had
find all my oh my god it's a telephone
box from marlin back in the olden days a
little focus that's that is the Irish
word for telephone if you are ever
curious and that's what I shut up on
what these look like
whoa what are we having today what did
mommy make what is this do I put it in
your ear go put it in your nose where do
I put it she chomping away you know
Chomper well you're eating your baby no
no you've misunderstood debate is not I
think she thinks the papers like some
slice of bread that she dips into it
open for the aeroplanes you know stop
eating your Bibble
let this in this is the good stuff there
you go there you go now we're back in
the baby
right tell grandpa what happens on
Sunday morning and the Saucony choice
has what happens
what pancake Sunday mornings huh you can
see from here put that he has to check
in or grandpa's to check in and
everything so we're gonna say goodbye to
Gramps here we'll see you in the morning
for pancakes then we can have a look
around the whole hotel grandma's gonna
go in and set it all up for us adventure
we bring them here oh yeah stole
grandpa's butt Alessia trucks grandpa's
room so there was no room in the inn Oh
president president you know you can do
it you see him in the morning guys he
was in your house all day went for an
adventure in the woods and everything
think you have the team you gotta pull
the thing up first yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah now slide it in you can do it
I believe in you deal I see him deal
he's just checking in get in his room
well that's go in there tomorrow morning
push it push it
today was tough today was really really
tough I'm not gonna like like I feel
like I don't really blog about things
like this but more like moments like
this cuz we get so much hate and lint
rolling but its inherent sometimes to
like open up anymore but like today link
being okay honestly boys
hmm was hard some days now I just feel
so like I love my children and I love my
family and I love everything about em
like I'm in a really happy place but
there's just some of its parenting like
motherhood fatherhood like all of that
like raising small children it's just oh
this is the toughest job in the world
but it's the most rewarding and I know
not but there's just some days where you
just you know like your children have
defeated like you're just kids
one u0r kid 3-0 hey hey hey hey don't
keep though so um I was filming what a
Wednesday today and like I made film at
dinner
cuz the kids were just like being so
naughty
those dogs barking actually they weren't
working at dinnertime
they had been all day and unless he was
crying it was just like hey why we've
had a camera now they're just gonna go
mentor like they're just gonna because
sometimes like if you're on the phone
or like anyway distracted they know and
they just act
or so same goes for like my word without
a camera then I just knew would be
carnage so I didn't it was late in the
evening and there wasn't a fright
scheming not even what is going on here
good job you guys ever been out in your
whole life have you right well guys
let's sneak upstairs to bed because it's
so late and it's spooky
it is almost Halloween guys mommy wants
to getting ready to decorate the house
and
