hey Christmas is over Christmas is
ruined
and now we have to get new lights take
all them down and put them all back
welcome to December it's the day of
Advent you can light a candle or open
the door we've not got the candle enough
for that yes yes go home I'm trying to
forget do this it's the stress of my
life banging my distance are we ready
we're ready maybe put her in her chair
so she's up my level okay how about your
car I drove over to breakfast okay we
got okay my family my tradition was to
open number one but I'll give it over to
you friends pick one just give me a
minute a camera I just got just gonna
check this out oh this dark no the
gingerbread man a gingerbread
mm-hmm Teddy parenting very night what
kind of a game is this what kind of a
game is this one ah good girl good girl
another one no don't break them so funny
little PJs all of her baby grows are
getting too too small for her and then
like the next size they don't redo baby
grow well they do I suppose for like
two-year-olds and stuff but not to put
her in like you know big girl PJs which
is so crazy because that just makes me
feel like she oh I don't know well you
can't do it like that look just do it
this way this way look look here put the
ice cream on now you're just messing
look
ice cream here I give you this I give
you says okay use a tub of ice cream
look here you go good girls that's that
one
oh wow
oh good girl oh my goodness isn't it
every year when you're putting this up
way it doesn't matter how I put this
away so neatly that this would not
happen now they've got yourself tangles
and somehow the tangle monster climbed
into the box during the year and somehow
turn this into a tangle tease hey do you
have a tangle tease spent the bus like
hours the thing or two hours even and
they broke because we figured out just
we were doing it were like oh yeah yeah
didn't this happen when around broke
just a second that you got involved we
started spinning it around because
that's what happened last time ever it
got twisted and then we found another
thing of life so he like I don't know
what he did display something at her
where was the transformer that was blown
and then I was like oh man we have to
get new lights take all them down and
put them all back
hello
thank goodness one fainted one of these
carrots no King we picked out me
properly penny you're right yeah me
properly pin milk there Bianca Navy
special no where am I
what how can I thank that
there's no room you generously you
didn't delegate in this piece we did not
plan why delayed over here no it matters
helping me here's the bank of guys okay
I do love her no hope in this carrot
whoever gets this carrot must thank me
you must leave a comment thanking me
when you get this you know you must put
a picture on the interwebs right and you
must thank me
okay okay I'm embarrassed now
I'm so so annoyed about the thing not
working but unless - I must go on about
my day and not due to upset by that fact
so I decided to go and get some soup I'm
just so annoyed cuz like
I get like that I got like I don't wanna
you know I'm just like I've always been
the way I don't know what's the way I
was raised or whatever I've always been
very capable person of fixing things and
whenever anything breaks like any
electrical thing or anything breaks I
can always I'm resilient to get a fix
but I get so frustrated if I can on the
fact that I got it fixed I said
everything was working fine and then it
just Sam that's why I really enjoy cars
because I enjoy working on things you
know it's like but this thing I'm
probably gonna get like you know an
intake I've got a military system gonna
dump files I got loads of fun stuff you
know I quite enjoy tinkering things
computers always overclocking them and
rewrite your bias processors and just
you know I always really enjoy team
drama tinker tinker Jovi okay okay and
that's ghanoush okay our depression is
getting to us you can't handle it we
can't handle the truth so I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go my smell because if we all
go we'll never get there in time it's
quarter to five I can make it I can make
it to Hanley's I'll buy six million
lights nothing quite like the draw of
Christmas shopping traffic jeez jeez
Louise it's funny because see that car
parked back there I'm gonna go all the
way over there it's the overflow car
park it's about 700 miles away from the
shops you know what nobody parks there
and that's fine by me that if I'm the
signature I'm just here for Christmas
lights okay I'm not doing Christmas
shopping is there a different sort of
Lane you can get into if you're not
actually I'm doing Christmas shopping
you're actually just here for getting
Christmas lights so I just tried maybe
spending me over this toilet it was so
creepy cause the lighting was just so
dark it's so dark I can hear it we not
believe in you in there well I will put
all parties this TV like one studio
light though isn't broken
oh hi it's so dark - there's all the
Christmas stuff over that place is like
mental town in here all they have here
is the 360 super bright so just check
like I was just googling on on Argus
there which is next door and they have
the 418 it's a little bit more expensive
but it was 130 again the 6 before so it
is half price at the moment they have 5
mm lapses for nearly 500
I just don't think 360 is enough to
throw the tree maybe bought these last
year and we didn't use them because when
the highlights we got the other ones
this place is like mental town I think
I'm gonna get out of here
so amina also has a peppa pig calendar
which is chocolatey so we're gonna open
that one but i am not sure if it's all
melted because she's been like smashing
this around the place the whole time and
she's been putting it was stored like
over the radiator on the windowsill so
it's for you okay she is so amazed that
food came out of there are you trying to
put a packet I have to eat it is no
numbers I don't think she gets that it's
food immediate its num nums look taste
it
look mm-hmm okay this child does not
understand and the only one who wants it
is Bianca you can't have it Bianca it's
poisonous for you oh she put it back in
perfectly do not want the chocolate
that's right caused it and everything
yours own funny
you don't want it look you can eat it
taste it look taste it
when you taste what it is oh my god I
can't believe I'm forfeiting your
chocolate hilarious
480 super LEDs static energy-saving
bright white C and E now they've
actually I love the lights here we're
taking apart lights in the front that I
has as well I'll be kind of fun never
doing that before boys
I got that last box and they
realize that I was just let her flute in
the bed looking at herself my brother's
good scale at tricks and stuff yeah I
can't wait to have a son great time if
we're not gonna be like oh yeah
what's the electric snails like oh my
god you know just these kids like
familiar with that Beatrice scale
electric sitting here saying that he
feels like tracks on the kitchen that's
what I want to do the big ball of lights
it's a big motor of lights in this guy
music movies like this is Amelia this is
her new favorite thing to do now like to
sit on the couch huh which is senior
like a big girl he's so cute
it's like your new favorite thing likes
to climb up there now and sit on the
couch
I appreciate the effort at all but some
people in the world were made to cook
and some people are made for bacon okay
you never you never eat the cupcakes
you're always like the meanest meanest
fun what I'm your biggest fan
look she got my gun this job
very interesting I am NOT I'm never
deflecting the picture I didn't drop me
one right now just to prove you right is
it yeah I will have one after dinner I
don't know ruin my dinner huh you nearly
ruined the dinner put it in here cuz you
gotta sing the song when you cook
chicken if you don't see me calling in
some well-cooked meat chicken
well let's just talk about these little
these weird little things using the
polenta's knife in the house
James Blunt would be offended by that
right here between here and here right
there sharp the rest of it is lunge but
this is right now the corner of it here
it's good it's good to go
oh yeah turns out that there are white
lights not warm lights bright white
lights and ones that I don't want
through are warm lights okay love you're
like no I'm just agreeing with you yeah
I always do when it comes decorating the
house I'm a simple man I'm a simple man
I don't mind as long as I have a
Playstation a good computer a nice comfy
chair and some Ciccone and I'm good I'm
good I don't need all the fancy pens oh
oh is that what's happening yeah
I blame you it's your fault right you
already haven't even turn the thing on
are you gonna cook it with like harsh
language or something
dinnertime dinnertime do you know what
time it is at theater time sit back down
and have yourself a tasty meal prepared
by your husband that's the wrong way
turn that around Nestle wrong way turn
that around sitting down having yourself
a dinner don't you call me myself as
playing nurse oh yeah you didn't Rollie
pollie yeah I don't do dinner anymore no
naps no dinner she doesn't nap
she's over it you over it you alright
newbies get her what do you want it hey
it's okay
Oh boiling what about one point in one
time thank you put my hand in here so
this is a fun game you say we put the
soap in here that was like a whole side
soap and everyday media tries to get her
so bad in there
she never actually gone so bad yeah but
sometimes a majority is hilarious
because she can't hold on to she just
like drops it all the time the media is
going through a little phase at the
moment of like not eating anything like
she will only drink she'll drink her
milk her juice her little fruit smoothie
thingies that's it like she's just not
eating anything I tried giving her Apple
and peanut butter so that she could have
something in her belly and she I ate
like a smidgen of that like she won't
even eat at all it's just I don't know
what it is and then I'm kind of
conscious of her chewing on her fingers
and stuff and I'm like maybe it's her
teeth maybe that's the reason I really
don't know
I know this is pretty normal like every
child goes through a period of just like
not eating or not one to detour being
really fussy at the moment it just seems
like it's so hard I'm like hitting my
head against a brick wall I'd put down a
plate of food in front of her and she's
just like does not even touch it
like today when I gave her her sandwich
and it was like a cheese sandwich she
just did not touch it and all she wanted
was Jonathan's bread which was plain and
then I even tried making up the same
bread with peanut butter and honey
because I thought that would be like
kind of like a treat for her and she
wouldn't touch it all she wanted was
Jonathan's plain bread so I don't know
is that a sign of that she's teething or
something I'm not sure but I hope
tomorrow she eats more she doesn't eat
her cereal in the morning so at least
she gets that but I just worry cuz I'm
like how is she going to sleep with
nothing in her tummy that's kind of sad
come on get up those stairs
the box isn't gonna bathe itself let's
go no that last one's a bit of a doozy
a freezie jacuzzi doozy I'm not there
don't steal that don't you burn in the
stairs okay hope you brought your
snorkel
did you bring your snorkel friend you
may need it just pop some stuff in make
it look more inviting yeah that's
awesome time friend are you ready for a
bat of your life it was just an ordinary
jay until it was bad time oh I shouldn't
be in here
I shouldn't be in here thank you should
be in here we stumbled across the
Christmas present glooty there what the
mommy get me for Christmas
find out okay you'll find out oh go go
find out have you know let me know no
that's not a PlayStation 4 go back go
back again hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
