that gonna go on you oh pretty girl
pretty girl
Oh
nothing all right let's get you dressed
let's get you dressed for bed now
normally I'm drawn into here getting I
end up with pajamas what are you doing
what are you doing you can't escape
cannot escape come on
no escape Oh No
there won't be no escape let's find you
something nice to wear that is not Bojan
mozz
okay this look at this you know probably
pajamas but I like him cuz I'm itchy
matchy you like them friend yeah good
choice oh oh oh oh thank you let's go
hmm you think so keep thinking all right
yeah later
don't look over there you won't be happy
just stay there with all your friends
Slater's what the what now is that a
giant funfair in the middle of the city
Xander
what or did court she's got a quark I we
like I'll forget London i man come visit
the court guy what is that I want to
investigate jokey jokes investigates
it's a new series it just ended that was
it that was that was the pilot and then
we decide what no it got cut funding got
funding not retracted
what is that isn't like a giant fun
fairy who's right there okay I'm
confused now there's some sort of a
winter fare oh my god there it is there
holy crap it's huge
excuse me and it's so cool-looking what
is that no I didn't even know you put
that there it's cool-looking so big I
know it's not obviously it's not like
topic you know but for something quark
in the middle of uh we're out on Maya
Patrick Street no maybe it is cool
looking okay and I'll barely fish
there's the post guys by the way guys
they're the cards we're gonna sign I'm
signing in these cars here with all them
these are the actual t-shirt envelopes
to put them in there
invoices and stuff like that Oh jeepers
but and I'll fit it I know that a couple
you guys are asking about the car yeah I
did I did change my car right there
about a week or so ago and I remember
you know when I was looking at em you
know about it wasn't a mine a month ago
when I tell it like just kinda like a
little roadster and stuff and I had a
shot in a couple of old stairs and it
just felt that like I have two kids
I have six dogs I have a wife my my
hobby is mountain biking I wrote a
two-seater roadster just didn't make any
sense so I had a look around a lot of
cars and then I found this one and I can
fit like Amelia and jr. in the back and
Anna in the front and the six dogs as
well and if I want you I can put the
mountain bike in the boot of the car
give me an opening nobody's over here
I hate the crows so whenever we put out
our not our recycling but like our
refuse bin the crows go at it if it's
full which it has been these last few
weeks just cuz I don't know we've had a
lot of ways for some reason but yeah
they were at it again
I mean Jonathan just came home you know
now and he was like oh my god there's
nappies all over the road like we're the
only one
what least of this like it wouldn't the
four or five heads up here we're the
only one with the baby so Cara be ours
what's that oh the car quite a lot of
stuff Oh get your pen ready and he
brought line yay what's that hmm oh my
god
that looks really good oh there's more
stuff okay what is this
what's this someday it's going down is
that it now sandwich time it's a bit
large
I got a decoder for ways but maybe
should be in six ways x-rays or
something I'm in Thailand hot chilli
chicken wrap nice ganodi old tuna meanie
this is the last time eating at this
table in this vicinity later on and
we'll be back there a little bit more a
little bit more and this whole area will
be filled with Christmassy Wonderland
thank you okay organisation central a
friend survey anyone's dresses so I've
broken them up into all the difference
that's medium that's small extra
exercise medium male a little bit
whatever but we've broken open to this
and now we're kids thanks for the help
friend
with the cards that cook me so
whoo well cool cool like fool and they
so cool-looking so we're gonna sign up
on this side here on the white side
isn't that so cute looking that's quite
a lot of cards to sign Twitter I have a
job for you and these are the actual
delivery bags of yours so when you see a
blue bag like this coming you will know
there was a friendliest bread and cheese
earnings are right here huh
pepper bad toys it's a jigsaw hey not
for doggies don't let your dog your
friends get them now you see you I'll be
trying to get in there we see you huh I
see you too friend Oh chicks aww mm-hmm
we have come to fill on the skipper all
right ease so Margot has decided to do
it clean out the house I've come over to
help her sort of dismantle some
furniture and dump it all in the skip
that's oh that's a poison for okay so
this is actually Erica's am changing
table from back in the day
okay cool good we could just use it I
was gonna take the violent approach just
smashing it and enjoying it but then I
thought I'll just take a screwdriver and
just take it apart learn a new trick
musical toys and then she tried other
things
are you shy
mikage I heard you upstairs playing come
on we go home to mommy
I'll be ready that's all I want to know
is I'll be ready
Oh Christmas tree Christmas tree he'll
be Christmas treat Christmas tree all
right let's go Jack that attic with a
sty right Syd oh we pop first Christmas
decorations Christmas decorations
more Christmas decorations more
Christmas decorations
Amelia what's this my stairs weight is
very tree and Renaud's well that just
makes no sense all together well that it
do you know hey Christmas this Christmas
been ruined hello pinky look it's a tree
yeah I'm gonna bring down quite a lot
more of it okay it's quite a lot more of
it to go yeah
I mean I get to work then all that okay
hmm
you helped too and it's busy oh just for
you and me are you almost done already
done you've got mo you've got like half
the done anyway
don't mind if I do
all the good stuff gone man that's good
you scare having a look around yeah he's
like what the hell what the hell where
dad is going on up here I think that's
the main part of the tree there okay
we found a scary head
what's that oh they're the old
decorations we don't need them what's
that it's lovely isn't it sparkly
getting the rest of it I think that is
the tree right oh yeah oh yeah probably
what's up oh is it like weird I think
that's it oh yeah the tree stand I was
wondering when that was gonna go down
she's so like just she can't believe
what's going on she's like nervous and
excited at the same time
Oh bless you okay somebody's gonna need
to oh all right yeah that is Christmas
Justin here look
yeah who's just gonna say second ago on
you
Oh pretty girl pretty girl oh you don't
like it you don't like it hey you look
so cute I see yeah is that all the
napkins you've pulled under down there
oh well that's cool let's put them
somewhere I reach for the moment okay I
think that one's first oh this is buggy
out here any bot bug your friend I don't
think the puppies even remember today I
wonder they weren't quite small oh did
you bump your head you'd be all right
this is the base that's it that's the
tree critic what is going on here okay
okay I think I think that this one over
here is this is the base okay beat beat
beat the fighter Friday night next what
do you try and make it from there
oh this this this is what was God from
there then thread that danced and right
to the ceiling
holy hippo holy hippopotamuses need to
tell her lights now Oh jeepers keepers
creepers they're like wow Amelia so far
is just acting like it doesn't even
exist
someone's a tired teddy bear
huh how are we getting on here
you're a motoring you're like a
motorboat series you're flying for them
ain't gonna be miles ahead of me Maxim
TV this is a very important show in
Ireland it's like a lot of a lot of
countries they have governments we just
have a toy show this is the President of
Ireland here it's showing Ireland toys
your friends yeah a charity of life
presents which ones you want it's a
house okay we have got a stack of signed
ones duck oh sorry sorry it doesn't
matter the stack is okay the stacks good
the stacks good waivers up oh we're
almost there
oh wait what so we've been like sitting
here signing why the media is watching
their legs you gonna stay up late
tonight watch The Late Late Show fringe
yeah I don't even gonna get the tree
finish today alright yeah so you might
just do all this tomorrow
what are your ex
not a half Hey look look just grab one
like let's take this one here right
tweet me a picture if you got this one
look I'm gonna give myself a little hash
to me if you get that one door with the
little hat others what do you say
whatever do some fun stuff with some of
them
Oh had to seek anyway this is another
very very important Irish finger it's
better here Bosco
Bosco well it's a girl my actual aunt is
that when she was wanted to present as
that was a very famous Irish TV show
years ago back in the 80s but my aunt
was wondering if there was like two
people in there was Bosco but you guys
remember that groan yeah she had purple
hair that's my aunt spielen advanced a
couple of times so when I was a kid
Bosco came to my house he was really
cool but in your hand a little puppet
there it's very important symbol of is
this box coming out
I think she's dizzy we're trying to keep
her awake we're filling her milky way's
kept ramming the mint or are you done
friend no I can do it I can do a coach
put me back in the game coach I'll be
back in the game coach oh you taking it
and doing a selfie selfie
selphie hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone joleigh
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
