come here come here to me now give me
this okay that's for the doggies okay
that's not for immediately eyes okay
let's just pop this down here oh the dog
chew sticks
what have you got there friends
euphranor dad's pop-up book are you
gonna get a voice you know like right
oh oh oh see you've already ripped this
this has been around since the early 80s
and you have it for five minutes and
you've already ripped it that's wynant
whoo Aslan live in Dublin let's have
them ooh look what Mommy did Wow huh set
a fruit salad hopefully if she likes it
I'm doing the exact same thing for
myself cuz it looked really good so this
is my little process somebody forgot to
dishwasher last night
and so the dishwashers running so we
read off like I don't recovery info and
it was fall to like so she's editing the
vlog right and I'll check his head I'm
just a little bit I just talk this is so
cute sounds like oh my goodness I wonder
if I actually record on the piano just a
little like then denne denne denne denne
denne
we actually be able to match it up with
amelia and turn that into like a song i
totally think you could like like i just
looped a little bit we don't even need
to because see check she did that
herself her butt butt butt-butt-butt
book she went up to scan herself like so
they're going oh my goodness that could
be such a fun little thing you know I
mean so I gotta go get the turkey turkey
to go but otherwise that's never going
to happen and then them then I'm gonna
try and make a little thing with this
it's gonna be so awesome
Oh max you do it'll be cool go came for
nuts today no naps we have to just go
out okay we're gonna go out and get some
turkey dad forgot
dad forgot to defrost the turkey last
night
have to pick some shoes to wear what
shoes when they were with this outfit I
don't know it's not even a very
Thanksgiving me outfit but I'm pregnant
okay
that's why the other ones I picked I
feel like a slob
cuz I'm wearing leggings as parents but
honestly like it's just what was the
most comfortable this morning
also when I washed my hair this morning
when I washed my hair it didn't like I
could feel the champ who wasn't
lathering property and I was like what
is going on here like I did not know why
and I knew at the time I was like oh I
should probably do like a second shampoo
just because it wasn't laundering up and
I had used a lot for some reason it
wasn't and it wasn't a new shampoo or
anything it was the same one I always
use so should we find but I just knew
there was you know it was whatever but I
was kind of like trying to you know rush
and stuff so I didn't do a second one
and now my hair like it feels and it
seems like dirty like it's weird I hate
when that happens it's like it didn't
take the lather or something so it
didn't get properly clean gross anyway I
was gonna find a nice lipstick book it
may have actually gone through all my
lipstick and kind of wrecked them a lot
of them so it's hard
dad um would you like me Nate the green
dead man no okay what kind of day fan
are you Duke you was the best Green Day
album that and all the other Green Day
album since then have been pretty good
but did you get me so Charlie forgot I
bet the people I just the video hasn't
gotta live here from yesterday but I can
just imagine the comments we were like
yo V you should probably get the turkey
now you know this morning I was not
gonna put it when I was like oh just get
the frozen turkey tomorrow and your last
year took like twenty four hours to like
even defrost the turkey oops we're going
to take my car but I realized that it
Emilia will be a lot more comfortable in
a forward-facing seat and in a
rear-facing she's still in wait no yeah
her head still
no cuz it said boy it didn't really take
age writing like that into it no it goes
past that's the public house mirrors
told us and then their head goes past
the top which she's wearing a hat right
now when it's just at it yeah but she's
always been a small fry that's why it's
like she actually didn't need one but
now I think her head it's like level or
a little bit over so it's not music
again we're not buying anything for
junior until right at the end because
it's like you do not tend fate like that
we didn't hear no it's late no I don't
know i watch other people as pregnancy
blogs and stuff and they buy stuff like
so I would just find I don't have
anything in sup but it's just no one
here does that like they're way more
superstitious yeah people I just feel
like I want to go with yeah we
definitely did last time and I mean it
was fine and it's like let's just do it
again I was like the third trimester I'm
so excited
and it's only like 18 weeks away like in
18 weeks
Junior's gonna be here less than 18
weeks now Junior's gonna be here oh my
goodness that flew along definitely does
go faster in second go after Christmas
that's one yeah whoa and my birthday is
like a month or something before that's
mental
monster monster she's fast asleep trying
to euros you can get into Charlie's
but is jammers in here like oh look this
one is Charlie's right here oh look wait
a second
I scored a free one boom
oh you're right actually yeah sorry
that's for jr. okay here we go
Shion is our Savior let's see do you
guys have a turkey I don't see any
turkey hider let's have a look
see lots of meat I don't specifically
see it no no
this is great this is great this is
corn-fed you like the frozen ones in
here yeah okay okay no I did yesterday
remember I saw Oh what have you got here
no one's going to chicken turkey I'm
telling you you buy a chicken
boom nobody say anything ok it's it's a
matter of statement
extra-large Joanna would want to go and
get one from the butcher's then make a
fresh one from the butcher's does he fit
on them like local locally sourced and
he's definitely frozen yeah definitely
definitely frozen push icky is simply he
keeps we could always go to dog like
across the road Douglas you know the big
butchers there let's go and ask the
butcher across the way hey before we go
to Marks & Spencer as far as I didn't
know there is another butchers yeah
there it is there let's see see I think
you know they might be saving ones to
the turkey stuff for Christmas that's
probably why it's not here let's go
check yeah it's got the defrost one so
we ended up with a free-range we could
have got the turkey breast you got their
chicken because as the legs and
everything just don't tell anyone can
you make it taste like a turkey can you
make it taste like a turkey yeah all
right crisis slightly a vertically
okay so just say like it's just a baby
oh my god I've done horrible a baby
Turkey 24 people fight that's four and a
half we just make it the same and just
say it shrunk did shrunk into wash
Frankie trying Thanksgiving wherever
having tranqs giving lunch I talked
about and pork are amazing aren't they
friend huh
and then she got some new organic juice
oh look at the lights huh
I don't think you need one of them
mm-hmm escaping baby baby on the run
make me I'm done I'll go the Christmas
stuff oh dear friend
this way I mean it's just running around
touching things
now he's just wandering touching things
and then laughing no those ones there
glass a little truck vandal vandal it's
like touching things Amelia Amelia all
the toys the person to sign their own
the image
I should get
I'm trying to put me down because she
fell asleep in the car so I just tried
to put her down for a little nap okay
when in doubt Google you just Google
Eddie cook a chicken
you bring me chicken home it's like like
the chicken comes from Limerick Limerick
it's a limerick chickens come all the
way it did have happy life you never
feel my caribou that's where I'm always
up in the antenna Murray Cobb late
because my accountants have been there
this is where it came from I should have
picked it up this is a turkey by the way
actually we've forgotten rumor is it's a
baby Turkey oh well it that sounds
horrible I murdered a baby Tory and this
is our chicken and turkey that's our
turkey guy now what all its vegetable
stocks this thing is bad boy is
preheated yeah this is gonna be nice
that's a nice Turkey all right stirring
stirring stirring yeah totally forgot
the baking bags as well the open bag so
these tinfoil trying to insulate it we
basted their turkey we're just gonna pop
it in here now oh you want them you
enter you win some you lose some
you like it hmm that's quite nice mommy
all right there you go that one alright
we're trying something new maybe Mozart
will try some baby Mozart French not
really sure what this is like but
apparently it's supposed to be all music
huh
and you are I think you're like some
sort of a musical prodigy friend they
think you are
whoa that's cool I think I could watch
that I actually did get the video up
guys this is the Hanukkah gift we said
it's also yeah our Thanksgiving gift
what Roscoe's for a media resignation of
C or C poured over salary top-ups no way
click click click click click off
together click yeah this is a much
better drug of choice for the child she
like Baby Einstein but it's a bit funny
maybe it's a it's totally far out there
no like you're sitting there and I was
even like it's like Fantasia you know
right there right there
what what's that this is this is this
was it's not connected to something at
some point in its life forever
hello oh yeah yeah no I got a new phone
yeah it's pretty cool swear those
microphones it's like in the 80s you
know the back time that's a microphone
but classic
even I they just happen to tell i neva
knoweven saying that making jokes in it
I'm jumpy jokes now somehow fix actually
what am i doing
that would be crazy come here come here
to me now give me this okay that's for
the doggies okay that's not for Emilia's
okay let's just clap this down here oh
the dog chew sticks we enjoyed the dog
acoustics you're going to get dizzy you
know dizzee rascal come on let's go
check on our chicken turkey or did you
oh did you make that one
we got in this one stuffing is it listen
Oh yummy
oh yeah YUM it's so pretty good our our
turkey shrank though yeah I I think we
just got like a baby turkey I think
that's what happens
it was huge when I put it in there yeah
it was like a 10 pounder took me hours
to defrost it then I put it in and then
I don't know why I was okay he went to
the shop yesterday was looking at the
frozen turkey Emma's face it's the same
thing Diana forgot to take me home yet
sitting this morning
Oh turkey now it's like defrost psycho
and everybody ate all the pictures we
couldn't find her so I got this one from
their butchers
because it's not Chris mic so it does
look good it's the same thing yeah yeah
I was gonna just buy you beat turkey
breasts but then there's no legs
anything you get this feast feast your
eyes I mean it's our first minute or
second Thanksgiving oh yeah Juno's hair
is long huh we're all here
that's amazed doesn't fight this whoo
Emily ah Emily didn't make it
Amelia fell asleep did you eat yourself
into a coma that's expected on
Thanksgiving yeah at yourself in your
OMA and all my coma yeah cuz it makes
you sleep can you do that one swig give
me that bike you might drop it brand all
right let's say good night you say good
night to our friendliest friends oh you
plant you playing with that oh you're
gonna bring every single toy you own so
much you guys did a good Thanksgiving
Hanukkah Hanukkah
thanksgivukkah you guys tomorrow bye say
bye bye Oh Sam hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
