hold this hold this big girl
oh my goodness Alvie and Amelia are
playing oh yeah
gonna get it oh it's the first time I've
ever seen Albee play before ever
oh you got it fun what seems to be the
officer problem oh I see this has
happened before
she drops your cupcakes in there this
has happened before she does it on
purpose
oh you can well you see you can move
this thing around but I just I warn you
it's very painful in the hands there's
one don't put it back in I want the
other one is it do more important dang
you got them who would like to go for a
walk ease a mother-effing walkies do
that
who is it who wants it go on a walk ease
mother mother have been walking who was
he going a walkies we're father and
father grandpa dirty oh why didn't you
go when he's for everyone it's so cold
as I was this handmade or something
and I'm so cushy oh it's at the girl of
Middleton this is for the charity oh we
should get that made up for everyone
alrighty run all right take a harness
past run all right all right take a
harness faster on take a harness pass it
on
take a harness you get any gonna help
okay we need harnesses we need a harness
for everyone the harness for everyone
turn is for everyone to do yeah
everyone's like Adam today some days you
have nice cam days some days you have
mental crazy days although today it's
slightly mentally crazy I think yeah you
know just trying to do the orders and
getting the postage in some sorted and
t-shirts by the way are officially in
production today this morning we got the
final proof done and they're officially
being being printed right now so that's
pretty exciting a fortune that means
that if you if you send me emails now
saying that you need to change the size
or and like that we still might be able
because I did order a load of excellence
anyway another piece of information I
discovered this morning when I'm going
through all the postage rates and stuff
the biggest order came from United
States the second biggest order actually
came from the UK right the third biggest
order came from Germany the fourth
biggest order came from the Netherlands
and the fifth one came from Ireland is
now really interesting USA UK Germany
Netherlands and Ireland and then there
was there was not funny there's a couple
of like ones and twos from countries
like damn I got one that's so far away
that's crazy that's crazy
I forgot everyone p45 yeah yeah he's
over there but it's not really cool as
um when we've got it finished right now
and I'll publish it for you make sure
you guys for all the different teachers
went to go track our friendliest friends
we have like friendliest friend watch
mm what kitchen in Apollo hope let's go
so I just took some pictures for my blog
and filmed a video oh my god I am so
tired I love this time of day because
Amina's sleeping
you know she's down for her nap
everything is just cam
the dogs are calm because they were woke
this morning and Donna's just taking a
shower that's why you could hear a hum
that's what that is it's just so nice
and relaxing even if it's just for two
hours it's amazing I love it
I'm like ah oh my god I hope with the
new baby I know obviously in the
beginning he'll be sleeping a lot anyway
I hope that there are naps somehow
coordinate maybe I can just like get
them to a place where they do coordinate
that would be really cool we'll see
we'll cross that bridge when we come to
it
but for now I'm just going to enjoy this
while it lasts because how long just
gonna left but I like it
good this is hilarious I don't even know
if you've noticed this yes it right but
the first word I said oh right I said oh
oh look right at the end right here this
Marana says it's not an arias the first
and last word of the vlog are the same
word I said I owe it to start and I said
oh it's not various she spot that did
you notice that what do you think you're
doing I didn't get doing what do you
think you're doing in here what do you
think you're doing in here
what's your hands all wet what that who
you gonna let mommy put on slippers I'm
freezing
I feel like it's so freezing in this
house
what do you think huh I have to go on to
move to Sweden like it or no wait Norway
Sweden or Norway it's not just looking
at interiors online and oh my god their
interiors are so amazing like both
Swedish and Norwegian I was actually
looking more at Norwegian in two years
but they are just so stunning I think we
need to move there that's what I think
betting again hmm so if you're a
Norwegian oh we're a Swedish viewer come
by and um help me decorate okay it
doesn't matter who you are but if you're
Swedish or Norwegian you probably have
good taste
- hmm are you doing you Andy first and
lunch we're just making some tuna salad
for our sandwiches we've got some
cucumbers and tomato some carrots some
tuna and I think that's that was
everything some mayonnaise so we're
gonna put them yeah big on one of these
good girl
you want one is carrot you love carrot
don't just cook okay let's mix in your
salad anyway so you have your there Holt
Holt come here to me
activate oh here you go
hey you going come on come on come here
I need to put your jacket on
hey throw your jacket on yeah all right
I'm going this way
ah all right let's go well I'm driving
along and am I will be like Adam Elia
thomasino at me and I've noticed that
she says taking off her shoes please
watch your back shoes on Ricky right -
on Amelia why have you got your shoes in
your hands I don't know so we're just
dipping down to give mom's carnal we she
washes who want to wish she watches and
I decided I bring a media with me
because and I could turn to use a break
not that she doesn't love you friend
oh we're just waiting here now we're
just waiting for our turn are you
waiting your slippers to the carwash you
in your slippers to the carwash oh my
god okay
the machine has come forth anyway I
forgot that it actually moves I just
drive to it now what if I just like get
in there as well and both of us could
probably fit in there right is that is
that not the done thing oh is that
are you reckon about that friend huh
Recoleta concern oh ah I can't wait I
gotta fix the mirrors all right clunk
Hey so excited it's super dark even
though it's not even not late but jokey
is out hey hey
play nice play nice Albee good boy yeah
yeah come here come here I painted my
nails because they were annoying me
they're all sparkly now and Amelia
wanted to help I like started painting
them when they went out because I was
like oh I finally have some free time as
I was editing my video and then my brain
started going like too much because I
was spending too long in front of a
computer screen so I was like oh so I
decided to take a break and paint my
nails cuz I can never seem to do it in
the evenings anymore cuz I'm always too
tired but um then Amelia came home and
she wanted to paint as well so that was
difficult but I wish I could paint her
nails but I just think she would like
eat the nail polish off like toenails
are hard enough but fingernails but be
really hard at this age maybe when she's
to Whoopi and me yeah why are you doing
buddy here so cute
what are you doing in here you getting
in your car you know you can drive that
car if you take this out but drive bad
okay bye bye the hilarity of it took
super conference calls for ads for the
US you know so I got all that he's a
head start then we have that funny that
all old and eight heads bonding so I
just swung up to get this thing has a
speakerphone on it's like a business
phone but I wasn't I was going to get
the cordless one but then I realized
be charged I'm supposed to do a call
about two five minutes and I'm here so
hopefully I make it back in time and
plug in this phone and it works quick
what oh wait a second this probably
takes batteries Oh No
just just cannot go to every run hold
this hold this girl are you still in
there
thank you for vlogging good girl
how was your ride ma'am comfy
what don't pull that Paul in case of
emergencies if in doubt twirl about
that's the media slogan in life have
been doubt
poor little what do you we don't know
well what are you gonna do well geez
trying to better working this old socket
t problem here but my little helper is
helping me what's that what if you got
what do you got there
takes her loose run away oh my god come
here geez put them on Vidya did you just
put them on did you go chant you took
the train exhaust and put them on come
here
oh honored too big there for big heads
you want to get a small head oh he knows
so some of you may or may not know I'm
I'm part French my family is French
Bonjour so I decided to introduce Emilia
to a French cuisine which I don't even
know it's a French cuisine but I'm never
gonna make a French toast
I say nothing and I was ever had french
toast and I was like let's make french
toast but we need sliced white bread and
milk and eggs and sugar and whiskey and
we don't need with you but we do need a
couple of things I've nothing here to
get them the French toast scusi we got
aha
the meatballs and the peppers and the
onions and the sauces and the past our
best time mother effers we have no
grandfather tio today no crab aren't you
you tu tu to dr d da da da da da oh hi
Aunty oh hi auntie oh hey you don't want
any more puppies here who's not over
there you there you're near dancin whoa
you a dancing queen singing dancing
queen Jana
I came over to word today what did I go
like in swatch them green begin to dance
no no you don't read that book Dexter
nice choice friend that mami-san
dr. Preston my feet feet fries up your
back cool breeze
hey squeeze now you good yeah girl all
over your Mac watch an apple drool rule
EOC grows slowly doli doli little little
little little little little oh oh hey
come hey good that bad
Oh hurry oh whoa that was cool huh major
tom's up for that action that was cool
huh
he said right in the kisser Oh
haha nay my my friends going finance EPC
make easy oh oh oh hey hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
