ah no don't put on your top my goodness
it's okay oh my god alright it's alright
you didn't look what you did you put her
finger in the lipstick it's okay it's
alright okay
uh-oh that does not sound right there's
a little friend huh did you let all the
doggies up come back good morning you're
on demand - welcome to the constant is
my life I started by you come on get up
let's go get the doggies hey what is
going on here let's go down up here huh
she's loving it you gonna get down gang
a navy dangled a bait huh so with the
Bianca oh geez
Amelia control your dogs hmm control
your Huggies he's got technique is
hilarious like what it's called let's go
let's go
Oh
I've just been watching her going back
and forth back and forth and back and
forth taking all of her toys out of
those two bins and putting them here
behind the baby gate or whatever you
call this the little wooden cage you
know I'm talking about you is that
what's going on but that was the first
time she took one over to a different
area so I don't know what it was about
Smurf but obviously she did not belong
in this little village of toys I don't
know why but that was really cute thank
ya
I'm a friendly stuff friends in case you
in case you know it's your walk around
right when your friend is friend yes I
just broke my phone and I'm a friend of
his friend all right got a head into the
printers then I'm thinking again the
haircut cuz you know what em you've been
like kind of sick for a while and you
feelin all kind of lumpy and wearing
tracksuits and you're just your hair
grows out and you grow a beard you're
just on ah well I feel like if I get a
quick haircut today shower cream the
beard you know stick down a pair of
jeans I might feel better about myself
sad what you feel better about yourself
oh my dear stop it stop it
get out of frame what are you talking
about just gonna walk like this no yeah
you don't wake me now I'm getting that
here I can enter this place have fun
have a large hell arf-arf
phew the road is actually open remember
the other day when oh no it's not open
fully I can see that in there the road
is still partly closed
crap no huh this is gonna be tricky cuz
I gotta go and collect an espresso and a
few other bits and bits and bobs
although this guy here is uh just pulled
in so maybe we can sneak down this uh
this road here now let's try it try it
try before you buy huh you're gonna pick
a book pick the book pick your book out
good girl
I'm so destroyed just after coming
upstairs and I have low blood pressure
anyway so I got like a dizzy spell this
morning I had to like sit down I thought
I was gonna I got really nauseous as
well phone anyway I don't know it's
crazy so every time I go up the stairs I
get so out of breath but I think I just
need to drink more water stuff like that
I hadn't eaten this morning that's when
I was do is when I was doing my makeup
and I thought I was going to faint you
let that one okay want to pick another
one
oh that looks like a long one okay
where's being to do all right we'll see
if we have time to do two okay
good girl no that's it come on oh okay
glad to know that Nespresso did actually
arrive oh now I'm gonna go home and
drink myself unconscious with coffee no
no I'm gonna get a haircut oh I need on
my name is Peppa and this is my best
friend Amelia and this book is all about
our daddies blues oh I'm heading down to
quick meeting when I post because they
might be actually able to give me access
to a Frankie facility Frankie is instead
of having to put a stamp on thousands of
envelopes
that would be all oh not easier if we
have a frank Excel like I think there is
a big post on Plus that sorting office
here in their lightened here glove in
Cork in the lion court so undersea yeah
I'm gonna be fin camera and share and
see they are going to allow me to do
that because that would be so much it'd
be so much faster to just bring all the
shirts absolutely package that
everything is all done with the brain
are essentially thousands and thousands
of times when it'll be epic it'll be a
lot faster process so I took that work
okay ah no don't put on your top oh my
goodness it's okay oh my god alright
it's alright you did play look what you
did you put her finger in the lipstick
it's okay it's alright okay it's okay
I'm not close with you it's okay oh you
are having a hard time
oh she did this when she know she did
something wrong like or something falls
over something she gets cold
hey you're not in trouble it's just it's
messy
oh here clean off their hand ease okay I
didn't know that you could do that
you're very clever got it all over it
now okay I think that's the end of that
lipstick just as well it wasn't a
favorite okay hmm we might need to I cut
your nails too I can't believe that
happen okay it's time it's time for the
monster
- look self-adhesive locks is this wave
seven-year-olds from one oh no what if
you get tons of them micro magnets it
sound good
this is one door summers no slums are oh
yeah this look what's for the fridge
Calvin fridge since more complicated I
thought I thought you just got like a
big box of life we were like a hundred
or something like eight euros each okay
we have the cheese we got the dog one
and the sweet one that's really the main
ones on and there's like all long we
should give it all the presses replaced
with something else
alright these ones they got like the
baby Dan you know that and I got sick I
guess what it's alright hi there what
he's going on here
huh what is going on here inside the box
we did it we bought some pots and pans
Oh
we bought baby pots and title I bought
them for elves their health pots and
pans
get your own oil pan oh geez
if you're not too busy over there he's
at oh it's sort of thing
he came with am stuff but it's all
nonstick kept a low stuff
nice we can make a variety of foods now
an egg I think look see for an egg or
something hey your little thank you it's
for making your num-nums so what
happened here what happened here look at
steel Grampa dirty Oh grandfather T oh
thank you alright you're going to step
on them down little crunchy D crunch
we're just gonna eat it now eating off
the floor hey any nicer from the floor
Oh grandpa dirty oh I could run father
to you very nice really tastes better
off the floor oh yeah sorry
should I just left Oh pick one pick one
what you handy one yellow okay oh cool
she chose one no oh wait wait that's to
be opened by it by the adult soon you'll
be able to open anything in the world
world we have lots of plug things sorted
mmm this oh four corners whatever look
at that possibly for your comments below
of your gas what do you think this is
for a part fresh get fiber
enjoy this freedom while and last friend
I dunno though now for the rest of my
existence I will regret ever putting
this on the door oh I understand this
morning and I saw the dogs you tell them
yeah every single one in a bar Aldi
grandfather he'll
making them every single one and we're
all in the same bed now now what's
happening here what's happening here
explain yourself alright let's test it
I mean yeah I mean yeah hey wanna grab
something there Jordan just grab
something from in there just go ahead
let's go for it oh oh it seems to be the
problem maybe I was oh no what seems to
be the problem
what's to see her problem I tell her
feel bad now
okay let me just get it for you
you see
it's closed now he's so excited take it
off take it off you can have everything
consolation prize
she kisses but peppermint oh my goodness
someone sent me these they're amazing
I'm not really that fan of like the
Hershey chocolates but these ones are
incredible they have like peppermint or
something in them how did you know I
don't know all right we're gonna try
some of these new coffee yet ah that's
when we try add the caramel oh okay so
one of our lights blew it so that's why
it's kind of dark um it was just lunch
so thank God anyways so I'm trying to
kind of what's the word micromanage is
that what they say
I don't know that was just on just or
not that pathways I caught on the
housewives show Desperate Housewives I'm
like an old person watching does per
Housewives when it's actually like Real
Housewives of wherever I'm still new to
the whole Real Housewives things I
started trying to watch um the OC orange
candy ones but I don't really like them
as much as the Beverly Hills think the
Beverly Hills are my favorite well no I
got the last season season eight or
whatever and I don't know who anybody is
so I think my problem is that I needed
to go back to the start and like watch
every single one from the beginning so
that I have some kind of an idea I feel
like I've just been literally just
tightening up after me yeah like all day
long which is what's new
right that's what I do every single day
um but it's like it's just constant mess
everywhere I just literally put all
those three boxes back together let's
start the talkies out come on come here
look what you did to the window she
smeared her smoothie all over it going
outside and every time I think that it's
gonna be okay at them like well she has
a new toy or like she has something new
she could play with it doesn't matter
it's like babies know that toys are not
meant to be played with it's the things
that you're not supposed to play with
like the animal earth why did I say
animal Omid say adult I know those
things like you know mommy's handbag and
daddies I don't know computer stuff
batteries light bulb just anything that
you're not supposed to play with
they're the fun toys so this just like I
feel like would we get her a kitchen oh
my god she's gonna want to plate at the
kitchen all the time no she isn't she's
gonna play with it for like five minutes
and then she will probably play with it
a little bit more but she'll find
something else she'll find like a knife
or something to play with instead
grandfather tio would you assist me
Hey thumbs up for grandpa dirty oh by
the way you guys got a match that like
button look at this little big steel
steel he's a big lazy
friend fate right friend
oh we're on to Jersey New Jersey
housewives no who's this now oh sorry
sorry guys
silly jokey jokey jokes Oh No there
isn't one in that and you found the
Smurfs oh oh
Justin you think you got everything done
oh no we're down a wedding present
Quartet a wedding present and I can't
seem to grab my decision because like I
got it I got it
Wow okay okay that I regret my decision
putting those things up they're
impossible to take it okay
vivia pull the steak over smashed
everything oh boy we're gonna have to
get married again boys and girls
my neighbors
just like that low but I'm saying ah
when you eat sweets only long very
important that I come along with Matt
come and give a little scrub scrub a
little scrub scrub little bit in the
side and keep it in the other side every
night right in the back can I come along
he'll use my presser come on Mina come
in with me now let's have a look coming
up I know cuz I know true
ok the Kelvin broken though this thing
giving it up skip the wishy-washys I saw
someone in the comments asked yeah
brushing his teeth yeah Bluebird every
night in the box
well we struggle to okay all I need to
fix his wonky camera donkey camera is
gone go wonky camera no you're gonna
make it one key again you're gonna make
it one kick and good girl
scrub scrub scrub dub it's the love test
did you pass it up - yeah damn what
could be good either but gubrious they
state now you're out of focus ease piggy
went to market
oh well that doesn't lead no way what no
oh boy home hey Nikki baby baby what
well she chose the phone over her
parents he chose the phone over us
hi there ketchup
I mean oh maybe she bends to have never
loved you Jill I make my friends like
night friendliest friendliest our
friends Oh Jamie is the friends uniform
everyone have their uniform soon you
have where else we can all wear them
together where are you going okay
into bed pick a book you're gonna pick a
book well put them on her Oh jammas
what's the name uh-oh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
