Oh
where's our little Ford dealer did she
put that across can I come in oh yeah
you're very busy there
oh I see you're one of the friendliest
friends yeah ah what do you know oh yeah
she's an extension oh no one's juice I
say watch out your friend purple Knights
get lucky grip on that scale of evil
let the Panda bit you
so I did not get to watch Doctor Who
Doctor Who who
the doctor Doctor Who again I talked to
you last night because I was up all
night getting the orders for field goal
field or a paper the reason we use
PayPal right is because
PayPal is probably more like most secure
at best web sites in the entire planet
for my things online and protecting your
sampling every time I buy stuff online I
always do to PayPal checkout because it
protects you guys and kind of protects
me a little bit
so we actually haven't got any of the
funds released from you guys mine on the
shirt yet because how it works that
they're just like you know they just
didn't want you know we have to have
mean like a meeting with them and show
them like you know and the suppliers and
so and like it is really funny so
tomorrow morning I mean the printers to
get the printing done so I'm kind of
hoping that you know okay that goes
ahead and gives I release the funds so
we can go ahead and like you know get
the t-shirts printed out of y'all now
don't do that anyway I had to have I had
to do lots and lots of work and show
everything and all that self whatever I
think I nearly have it all done I almost
have it all done Erica did a really good
chunk of it yesterday so now I did most
of the last night and then I'm just
basically go to all the emails and
people have said in terms of like you
know okay I ordered a small kind of
making a medium and someone and then
trying to go change your order so wrong
the dresses and stuff like that but
should have an all sorted sorta vote oh
my god so when I was going upstairs I
hit the accidentally hit the baby gate
the top of the stairs one and I hit it
with my big toe and I knew it was like
Rick because it was extremely sore but I
kind of I didn't look at it like
straightaway oh she's like oh my god oh
I out you know and then I looked at it
and my toenail cracked a little bit it
wasn't that major but it's so sore like
my whole foot is sore not just my toe
like it's actually just my whole foot
and the underneath part I hate feet so I
hate even talking with this but the
underneath part of the toenail is filled
up with blood and I was trying to you
know clean it was like a cotton pad but
obviously I can't get underneath there
so I do but it's so sore I'm like
limping around the place it's this foot
right here and I put like I did clean it
and then I put my stop and yeah
it's the front it's cold you know but I
think well Jonathan said I should soak
it so I think I might do that
oh it was so stupid I can't believe went
to that and then the baby gate kind of
brought what didn't break but it came
down and now we have to put it back well
it's back up but we I think we're gonna
swap the Dan shares one for the upstairs
one because it's kind of stupid like
they had stopped stocking the ones that
we bought it's like Linda and so they
have this other one called like I can't
remember what it's called another brand
and it's not as good as the linden ones
so that one has always been a little bit
temperamental but it's annoying because
it's like we got them both in Mothercare
I think and then the fact that we can't
have the same one because they have they
have stopped stocking it that's annoying
so I just don't like that baby gate in
general I prefer the one that we have
downstairs but its host whore I hope
okay I got all the Sunday Funday
supplies maybe now if you get home and
sit on the couch and do nothing
oh well Darla's stupid things almost
back to the grind time but first let's
have some lunch
this has some blue orange and being that
attack it's a Sunday Funday I got some
sausage rolls oh look at this right I
was just walking to Tesco nice fun it is
hmm
and I figure today is Sunday although
they spelled Sunday wrong today is
Sunday so look at this thing so that
should be devoured I'm gonna have a
second black one today they're like
level tens because I need to get all
that stuff done for PayPal and hopefully
it'll definitely it'll definitely work
out but that's why I actually had low to
extra time like this little project I
project manages so I had a week there an
extra week where Randy went wrong we had
an extra week to unit just like worst
case scenario if this is like pushed
back by a day
it's only a day I still have enough time
you didn't mean to get them shipped out
in time for everyone happy before
Christmas
mystery because when you guys know carol
singing with your family in spreading
t-shirts good morning again my never
finally
well is this change that's the trick
folks you do a ones need top it up the
second time
so you see that's the best will never
remain good blurry video blurry video
video I either hate upload later you had
the longest news known to mankind pushed
printer you try to dance with the dougie
you dancing with the dog oh oh oh
did I give him down talking this is to
mommy huh hmm not for about five hours
or something if you know that alike
don't be stupid
don't listen to him he's stupid sleeping
and sleep in the night away he gives me
vodka drinks you give me all this
it gives me songs that remind me of the
good dogs songs that remind me of the
bad times
I shall deposit you
it's not that bad she's not that bad hey
that's not fair she does that every time
I don't know what you're talking about
don't know what you're talking about
like yeah but after enough time huh Oh
Oh who'd wanna do pinkies drinkies in
King uses Juicy Lucy juice you can't
have juice can I use milky mousse milky
mini Moos hey pajamas no this is dad's
idea so seeing as Meany I woke up so
late she woke up at like half four and
she went to sleep at one
it's crazy she never used me seems for
more than hour and a half but anyways so
because of that I just made her a snack
because it's I just feel like it's too
late to have like there's no point in
having lunch otherwise you won't have it
there so just gonna have some apple and
peanut butter okay yeah let's get you a
bib you like that you can't just do the
peanut butter not give you dip tea oh
you dip the Apple like okay maybe I
shouldn't rocks you just stay home see
you take it take that with your hand
good girl now I have to get your drink
of milk okay wait there wait there let
me go
who's that that's the fighting music
comes out of here
how is that even working huh that magic
hmm oh my banker listen to it we finally
got to watch Doctor Who it's really good
by the way they put like a sickening
massive budget in it now I'm thinking I
might need something I like a little
Christmas pudding look Cherie is
Christmas pudding
it's one month today the Christmas Eve
century Christmas was begun 45 minutes
to steam it or 60 seconds in the
microwave
that's a hard choice but she isn't is
it's just slip this open ah copy on the
go
oh happy Christmas to you give it to mom
give it to mom
hey ready are you ready are you ready
and here he goes
boingy boingy boingy boingy will you
throw frissina fetch Cena fetch fetch
somebody fetch Oh where'd it go where'd
it go where is it fetch Tina bitch
can you get it did you get the tour good
girl
fetch Xena good girl huh right Xena
hey guys you playing fetch the toy but
to joy I'm joy
OTO got it OTO it's more it's more you
ready
here you go ah but where's your toy give
it to Amelia movies movies movies
ah hi
hell yeah Elia Baba a Obama oh yeah ha
ha
they have a pudding hey and I have a
buddy I'm putting eater friends call me
putting Joffrey puttan
hi mr. girls I made them cry I know and
they're taking it too far there
ooh mm-hmm look move lights camera this
is what you do to a crying baby
all OH
okay we have a case of the poopy nappy
we have a serious case of the poopies
we're going to need to operate stat I'm
afraid you're not gonna make a bread
when we are to me with it
come here to me come at me there where
you escaping off to there will be no
escape escape the futile hmm to the
human now you must enter the bath
delight oh it's the fat of the light you
might get haha fright so I filled it
with boiling hot water that was a joke
don't you find it funny it is actually
lukewarm would you like a drink
I'm getting quite your sleep
do it your sleep okay undress the baby
step one
lift up step two remove the head
this is why it's gets called as small as
a head on the puppet the easier this is
oh this is a big head let us say your
moves are closed on the dabba one
movement or death return to didn't Dan
Dan - Dan oh oh yeah jeez way to rock
and to
you're supposed to rock and roll
mommy is supposed to rock it wrong huh
Nikki baby on the rug Nikki baby on the
run where she gonna go where she gonna
go no one knows but to talk so we better
say good night no see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
