why was really good
good morning I can't what what little
marshmallow Eskimo can't open friends
yeah she can hear the dogs out there
oh my goodness it's even frosty er today
they don't want yesterday there's nobody
there's so funny because they're such a
pack you know like they run around like
a little pack have a nice time without
mommy love you
mommy's going out bye bye love you
y'all have fun finding other peasants
sorry but some airhead more by free
house free see that are you enjoying
playing with all your blocks there or
all the blocks placed on top of you did
you place on the blocks atop Amelia or
Cena I got my dogs and my babies mixed
up
I have so many dollars and so many
babies little gang here okay I think the
trick is you have to dress her before
you put her down so what you are you
dancing you dance it okay let's get you
some nice clothes is that by my tea I
may put you in pajamas friend that tends
to happen with me I think like oh this
looks really cozy and then turns out to
be pajamas
we're in Tanner in June right now Emma's
getting these ones and then I I just put
Vince my mom to try on some Chelsea
boots so I want to get her I like that
because I know how much I wear my
Chelsea boots and I lent him a lock in
fact I'm wearing well I'm looking for my
OMA and grandmother and she loves green
so I'm gonna get her something like this
turtleneck here she loves green she
wasn't registred head so she's always
learned a lot of green I love this for
her but I don't think she would ever
wear and like hearing that
they're cute this bears an amazing
little one chip baby won all their
Christmas stuff shows up
Oh God the pumpkins are turned into mush
one pppppp
meteor Oh No you've already met the
friend Oh juice is not good that's not
good juice no oh yeah yeah
that's not nice initially job complete
you know a way that the anchor going to
play and drink it off am i turning dice
you want us for you morning again my
little friendliest friend hi I missed
you when you're gonna appear enough you
know that I miss you sometimes I know
it's important because I get nothing
done when you around but I do miss you
coffee did you say cofee you know is
that hey Java juggs say jokey-joke
sooner we're just dropping served by
back to the car
and we've got some stuff I got actually
I just got that one present for my
grandmother and then see it's her
birthday after the day after so I need
to get her two things so I mean I still
have a lot of time left but I don't know
we'll see you check my card let's see if
I bumped it is that it no no I think
yeah it was just because I was trying to
maneuver off but it took me like 20
minutes to part but then it was fine so
we're gonna dump our bags and then go
come on you know what they say and dad's
in charge it's dad's rules and dad's
rules are different mom's for us huh
just all the time no murder be loads of
Milky Way's coming soon only joking only
GOP joking
alright peace has been prepared you like
it
I call it the mini you ate all toppings
you ate all the toppings oh no this
doesn't seem right it doesn't seem right
at all does it friend it's okay it's
okay cuz that's here that's here but if
mom was here you'd be hung out to dry on
a cold winter's night with nothing but a
fright teasing
tells me we're just gonna bang that out
there she's your friend a mediator
but this child is a bit strange she's
the only one moving in the window and
she's looking down
for the other three address I think the
ballet is on and I think one spork and
one Expedia we've arrived Erika has
seemed a mammoth task he excited hey I
gave her a hammer so when she gets
frustrated with the computer she can
just beat the feeders can't go on their
friend do you wanna play toys what's
this what's that huh
what's this sad me hum would but look in
here come on the toys aren't here a
friend all right this is what we're
dealing with here folks this is what I
did last night when I was here I tore
this up to see and that's like going oh
look there's no I know what is pretty
good down there as well you know so I'm
I think if I remove all the carpet you
know we'll see what it's like I might
just need to get might need to varnish
or you might just put a rug over it
might be okay yeah or is it Derek a like
this room is like a perfect sort of
square so we could very easily um just
get some more carpet there you know like
one direction carpet or something that's
what I said right okay okay let's do it
I love a good project we're looking for
$1 million to prepare her for her
real-life dog that's coming in March
so here's one muffin these are all the
ones that were denied now we're in
Pinocchio's though I don't I don't know
she's not blonde
I don't think what little hair she has I
don't think it's that one looks a little
bit too big yeah like she looks like an
older girl this one is different brand
I think we're gonna get hurt a kitchen I
don't know if we said that yeah but yeah
like these ones this friend you could
get you could get close mom sorry this
friends you can get close you guys see
the progress so far has way better luck
in it looks so much better even we just
like I got one layer up I gotta get the
installation thing up but it looks so
much better compared to what it was like
all right ease most you guys know that
out you know my parents split up and my
family at home during divorce got sold
and everything so I never really have I
nobody have a place right how about my
stuff right so when I moved out to court
for university um I kind of had three or
four boxes with me of like all my prized
possessions I had to narrow it down so I
could like travel with it and so when I
met Anna our relationship evolved and
when we moved over to the UK I put the
boxes here and then slowly you know
moving stuff around whatever the box is
put in here and I just I was just up
here because I was looking for a rug I
woke up here and I came across these and
I was like you remember just like was it
two weeks ago I was talking about my
favorite books as I was a kid this is it
this is deed this is the one ancient art
hers it's jungle one there's a dinosaur
one there's a haunted tower and the
stormy seas and this was my favorite
book as a kid as well it's just like a
simple pop-up book but this book would
have me like four hours I would look I
would look like all the different places
and all the different things that will
be going on your imagination would be
like running wild but out you had a
haunted book so let me know if you guys
ever had these or you've ever had the
Asian Arthur books so we do is you read
them right and then he comes across
problems and then you have trying to
figure them out if he can't figure them
out you can go to the back of the book
and we can actually get the answers or
at the end of it you can actually see
were you right in the choices that you
made you know so it's kind of like the
original sort of role play you know like
role-playing games and more online
MMORPG well these were the original
MMORPGs because you can actually choose
your adventure as you went along but I'm
I just thought I just saw him there as I
thought oh my god I'm ringing these home
and like I don't know for like junior
maybe more junior maybe Emilio would get
a kick out of these that'd be really
cool like I'm really emotional if one of
my kids ended up having these books and
actually like or the pop-up book and
actually like playing with it and stuff
like that really emotional for me but
let me know there were if you've ever
had an agent Arthur book or idea or the
pop-up book actually getting quite
emotional here it's a pregnancy hormones
so the other game my mom is in T V Max
and she can't cupcakes like carrier or
like something store it with because we
have like the whole Tupperware at all so
this is perfect so I'm gonna get this
and then I'm looking here if they have
any like not silicone but I think these
are really nice they're not very
thanksgiving ish though oh they're like
the fancy one yeah
actually these are currently no no how
are they work so for a cupcake kind of
more than one finding but they had a few
too it's here that I could suppose be
used I'm filming the last of my cupcake
series
no waiting for the Thanksgiving one so
there was that Peppa
Noah's babba there come on put the bed
down there there oh we go to piano one
sure let's go piano all the way good job
it's going to the mystical own misko
room of music plays a son
we that will need that one why was
really good that was really good little
friend is that your practical so this is
like her theory and then she goes over
and it's just a bit of practical and she
goes back checks two scales yeah yeah
yeah
yeah let me just practice here so I'm
typing my finger movements there's no
way these are pajamas no which I was no
more fun here oh not a child she just
told it off the window a minute ago oh
she's doing know whatever whatever Eric
he gave me crackers gonna mess it mean
ahead made you excited heating up what
you care you came there
I know it's a heart it's hard shopping
all day long I could imagine it like
I've had a luxurious day you know a day
of luxury
they have relaxation but all husband
forbid one would have to shop all day
sorry sorry now I must make to dinner
then I must beige the baby dump ducks
Jew you guys have not been you guys did
not spend a night in the fridge for
quite some time also let me know
does the light turn off the fridge when
did door closes I don't know the answer
to that see tomorrow bye hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
