good morning again my little friend is
friend
hi Mountain Dews until you see Lucy
Kenton Juicy Lucy huh Juicy Lucy nice
make weight all right get the
appropriate Juicy Lucy and you don't see
it see parts of it see more parts of it
and where's the final what is the final
part would you like a Juicy Lucy there's
no bruising almost there huh my goodness
it is like so frosty outside dogs
barking and you this morning so it
doesn't look as frosty but if you look
around the front it's like all the
houses all the roofs and all the house
is like covered in white but not snow
but it's very close no I was just
putting the bins at this morning it's
like so
frosty oh my goodness it's like
it's okay this snow cause look how it
look actually so it is you wanna make a
video my camera is so dirty right now
here take this take this girl video
maybe you're too weary she she loves
this voice for some reason ever since
Eric's have made this kind of came out
the disc I don't know you would think
sure you think it's creepy but she
doesn't chick she loves it oh my
goodness it is so cold I'm actually
wearing my term Oh a Viking top
underneath my jacket because it is so
cold it is cold to the floating cone
that's our coldest for couple rapid
there Douglas shopping center okay it's
nap time
it's alright
just after a vacuuming okay daddy's been
out here alone it's writing you on you
want that one oh the new one isn't it
oh no it's not like we went that one
okay that's three three stories in one
she curls up in a chair tap tap who is
that oh dear
it's builder Bear
whoa can you guys see the view I got
even those mountains that are
compressive don't they it's so cool
you're so big so still is not sunny okay
thank you thank you very much for your
information it's still super sunny
brilliant Thanks
gasps I like I thought I was really
gonna snow and the ice sort of went away
this morning and now it's sort of like
super super Sun in my eye on me and
we're driving along and daddy
we came to Omaha's Hess cuz I dropped
off it's actually 11 I wanted are
usually I do it doesn't but somebody ate
one well I had one last night Jonathan
had one Jonathan said his favorite so
far it was the Apple one is that you
what do you think yeah he said that was
his favorite he said that these were a
little bit dry it was like excuse me by
the us cuz I I don't have any Tupperware
so I had to leave them out last night so
you came here for lunch Jonathan's in
Limerick today and I didn't even know
until this morning and then he left me
with like a dead battery and I was
trying to charge my battery before
coming at like until the last second and
then I almost forgot it so could it be
no analogue today I keep I always find
things in coverage like I find her ball
or like a toy or something it was so
funny when I was editing with the
cupcake video yesterday I couldn't stop
laughing because I can't see like her
facial expressions when I'm holding her
and filming
I was watching her face when she
couldn't have the cupcakes she was so
upset she actually did like her bottom
lip turned I yeah turned upside down and
she was soaked and then the part where
she just is really cross because the
spatula is stuck in the drawer if you
haven't seen the video you watch it
because it's it's cute just for those
moments
the media's looking at her cup cause
it's got pepper hey gun what are you
having there she's having some butter
beans some tortilla and banana and some
ham some more oh she ate lots of ham or
maybe some what I think she I created
though yeah just having mortadella do
you like that
and I'm having some seafood chowder are
you doing you Piper you hyper Oh
oh yeah she loves you know the way Erica
yeah well you know the way Erica does be
a scary voice that she lives you would
be scared right look at you you're a
mess you've got a bruise here you've got
a red nose red cheeks runny nose
standing in traffic it's not fun sitting
in traffic it's not fun I would like to
run but I can't run cause I'm sitting in
traffic
it's no fun this traffic is no fun
alright who invented traffic sitting in
traffic it's not fun sitting in traffic
it's not fun I want to run I can't run
I'm sitting in traffic is that what the
iTunes number one Christa number one
sitting in traffic it's not fun I want
to run but I can't run
the debt that daddy
hi I'm confused I know I'm sinner how
disappointed well I mean it would that
the cheated to me when I came out your
day huh tell me about your day
did you long for me whoa I just know
it's all right keep cake cupcakes that
you had the life did you have the life
and times today huh huh you have the
life and times it's always funny when
you leave work few hours sometimes she
just does not care for you at all when
you get home you're gonna stop doing it
now just because I'm nothing quite blow
into it
show me show me
no into it make you little instrument
blow into it you paint a recorder
recorder Oh conundrum of life huh so as
you can see here exhibit a fast asleep
okay it is a quarter to six if we put it
to bed now it's not gonna work
it's not gonna work like and if she has
a nap now be stupid like so it's like I
have to kind of wake her up I don't feel
sad like it took her the cartoonion wake
up that's weird
she's obviously had a trilling day he
obviously had a trilling day okay
hi hi there honey there friend
how does to make dinner the treaty here
we found parts of the treaty glasses
sitting around and advances voice actual
glasses it have been consumed Oh in the
terminal top work the charm rain thermal
loading underneath the jacket you
wouldn't think I'm waiting thermal and
I'm not wearing jeans nice score and I
wash them oh boy oh boy
check out the Christmas lights the
Christmas lights
what don't look over there so pizza bar
and Friday night but if you can't have a
pizza party Friday night it is okay and
it is acceptable if you are to go ahead
and have yourself up McDonald's party
Friday night and you instead of getting
a Big Mac he's got like a massive match
instead of got a chicken Royale you
should get a chicken king down
right that's breaking oh you're pretty
that is
oh it's so pretty it's a pointy pointy
thing
alright it's getting here oh yeah but
what do you want what do you want to
leave your orders below and I'll do my
best to I should Matthew along with your
t-shirts like a cold stale cheeseburger
arrives with your at which our t-shirt
hilarity will ensue that lady wouldn't
say all right let's uh see do windows
dancing alright my best behavior
there's new things
d'Arles it happened it happened I ended
up and it up parked up its the chicken
nuggets it's 12 chicken nuggets that
always gets them like is they right you
see 12 chicken nuggets q do you want
thoughts no buddy no sauce just 12
chicken nuggets please but it looks so
Christmasy look at Douglas look so
Christmas Eve isn't it I want to put up
the Christmas tree Donna wants to eat a
lot after Thanksgiving which i think is
like it is the 25th or 26th or something
which is like next week I think so I am
super excited because it's kind of like
Christmas is like it's such a fun time
and it's or it's like it's such a short
time as well so I like that I can
maximize my am by Christmas and isms are
you doing Oh watching that's gonna be
out soon
it's gonna snow I have hope
I have hope for snow no dopey little BS
you'll beat a cupcake and then boom
you'll be buried in snow
boomer Boomtown Rats yeah well well
objects appear let's go check the back
Tobin no I got those people left
comments bed am apparently there's a
recall on the angel care we actually
have a stopped putting angel care up
here hi because we've seen that Amelia
could have reached it wrapped it around
yourself and probably hung herself so we
decided to move our say in the bottom
about a month ago and then that's funny
that was not funny but like that there's
actually a recall on them now so I don't
know if there is
well maybe I don't know I'll have to
check it out cuz we bought ours and
Mothercare and see that see if they're
doing a recall in art or maybe it's just
other countries I just I just seen it
cuz loads people are tweeting in and put
it in the comments and Facebook and
cellphone us like we should hug into
that friend
but anyway ours is on the floor so
there's no risk no risk involved this is
about ready for you
you ready friends don't you run away
from me don't you run away from me oh
jeez oh thank you very much it's book -
um mom and dad are here tonight huh
it's a duet we're gonna we're gonna you
weed one book and I read another book at
the same time let's play hide and seek
oh yes oh you preferred the mama
it's like so cozy that looks really cozy
there what sorry sorry that looks really
cozy looks like a cozy time yeah it's a
cozy Jolie you are my company hmm my
mushy little sleepy you like sweet peas
whoa my oven-baked cutie pie nope she's
got whipped cream my honey-roasted hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
