good morning friends and welcome to the
best vlog that you will watch - yeah
they're still here so we've got you a
couple of them this morning
not a couple so I see 1 2 3 4 5 5 10 15
20 25 30 35 40 45 50 - boxes inside 50 -
I'm losing each thing is there a hundred
in each oh my god I can't I can't sign
that many books again thank you so much
for to support guys ah I'm lying on a
bed of my own box so you'll know if
you've got if you wanted these one of
your books i-5 light on it I have light
on it
we had today's operation sign thousands
of books job ford stroke yay right let's
have a little chat here right so we've
got the 10 a.m. to 1 a.m. slots I think
are sold out everywhere ok but the 1
p.m. - I'm not sure how long we get you
the next batch they're still available
think the problem with double is that we
were unable to get a second batch of
tickets for Dublin I think it's because
I think it's Easton's O'Connell Street
so I think there might be some sort of
restriction to the numbers that we can
have because you think it's just coke
just come anyway
alright see what he's getting into the
store right maybe I'll get of me you
should be able to get a book and
hopefully you know I mean you're if
you're gonna take it I think if you ever
gonna take it I can't guarantee that
you'll get to meet us and stuff like
that but if you don't have a ticket just
go anyway get a book see if we can
chance your I don't know say what
opening like he's going so that's up I
just come along anyway I'm sure a home
behind gives Oh actually we're gonna be
in London and there's a London event and
we're gonna be at the London thing is
called a baby show but I'm editing this
video I'll probably be able to put all
the details in it got my
done I went for a really nude like a
neutral kind of biscuity color and then
I'm just about to get my toes done this
little talky no no come here
it stinks it stinks over here oh look
how cute they are
okay so so that's four boxes it's this
mini oh you're the thirty four boxes
okay so we've signed this menu guys this
is what we've managed to sign I'm
signing up here and I'm gonna signing
over there that's why so far we're
trying to corrode concreted system Oh a
production line that's what we need to
do here oh boy I don't know I feel like
we should just bring more of them in and
make it look like daunting but like if
you get you fired
yeah get one more box and then let's see
have fun and your time and see how fast
we can do five boxes and then we just
have to do that another ten
all right update we have how many we
done 1500 would you say what you can
bring in the meadow we're getting
somewhere so these are all drawn up and
signed ones and has come in to join us
she's signing some and then I'm gonna
peace to all these but we're getting
somewhere I feel like we're actually
getting high it's absolutely blown away
you I don't wait for me wait for me and
why don't made a cake for mummy didn't
you oh my God he's actually gonna lock
me out terrible child for me hey why
should you why I picked her up I change
a nappy old friend pray did you let's
have a look what we got here friends oh
yeah look we aren't you getting
somewhere these eyes are ready to go
back I do feel like I was a bit
concerning or getting anywhere yeah so
we are about halfway a big what into
tree one two three
awesome I need to get out I need to
actually run out of a sharpies as well
they're all dead so I just need to go
get sharpies but I just need to get out
of it
my hand is like mushy I got mushy hand
syndrome and I got to go off and track
the duardo about an hour ago so she's
back though but she got a break I need
her I need a break I need a KitKat I
need a break but the good thing about
this guy's is that because all the folks
are gonna be signed before it tour it
means I all got to spend more time
you know Chad hanging out with you guys
and hugging and taking selfies and like
okay gang shot these guns and the
sharpies dis is the only one pack of
these left the rest of them are all
silver and gold oh yes I can't see it so
more what I think this is it I don't
really think this is gonna be enough all
right we're back at it another stack oh
my got it - got some tenacious d he's
like books everywhere all right let's do
this okay another distraction
we'll bring in the scooter she was that
bunny can you believe it's half-term
already can you believe it's after
Amelia oh my goodness
just be careful these are all to be
signed I've signed them and then there's
more behind me to sign and then we will
have done half there's still half like
another amount of weight in the carriage
anyway um so this one's actually special
because look who signed it Amelia I told
her she could only write on the white
and so she went like in-between I'm so
cute so whoever gets this one please
tweet us or I don't know tag us
somewhere let us know cuz that would be
really really cool I really want to see
who gets this one but let us know when
you come to the signing or the book tour
actually that would probably be best
this is so cool though I'm gonna see if
I can try and get it wired up to sign
one I don't know he doesn't really know
how to sign his name so who knows but
this can go in now
should I put it in yes
there you go somebody got a special one
so we managed to sign about half of the
box you put something in front of me I
will just sign it anything in front of
me right now put a blank check and print
about just sign it I'm in such a signer
mode
but um it's gonna be tricky over the
weekend because my dad is actually
flying in tomorrow which is pretty cool
grandpa's coming tomorrow guys are we
excited what do you mean he's thinking
you know my dad's coming in tomorrow and
he's staying until Oh for a few days
anyway midterm starts today we're gonna
go say hello to two friends are you
excited I'm excited man it's gonna be so
much fun like we are so much it's going
on and we've organized their transport
no towels or stuff let me so much fun
bad whoa wait wait wait show us around
water what's this take it to the moon oh
I'm not the Star constellation guys all
the planets Wow
we're looking at weirdos right now oh my
goodness look at this guy's Wow whoo I
like your tickets and a moon that's cool
you excited
underneath oh that's so cool word Oh mm
oh you got a hole dug it up she has like
little textured pom-poms good job oh my
goodness when I was a little lad Amenia
Rise every Christmas Eve we got new
pajamas and my mom would put new
bedclothes
head right and there was the most
exciting part you get your hair washed
you put on your Christmas pajamas
you'd snuggle up in your bed and it
would feel smell well I don't think it
smells like bananas but doesn't it feel
nice and fresh yeah yeah could you turn
a normal bed because pom-poms make it
Cavey yeah yeah that's how I knew it was
Christmas Eve and that was the most
exciting night of the year escape you
asked for rollerskates
I remember or hopefully hopefully I mean
your fingers crossed
you're good enough that you actually get
rollerskates because you know that like
the elf will be coming again this year
so naughty Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie yeah and
every day I'll be they'll be here to
check on you but first first we have to
do Halloween yeah yeah and we're going
trick-or-treating with all your friends
this year you made the astute viewers
upon you may realize I didn't realize I
was just plopping footage to get it
right because we spent most of that they
just doing the book signing stuff and
now she's editing up this morning and
then I was like I think I might have
accidentally added a couple of days all
over the place like watch out a shirt go
back in and watch at it she's wearing a
chick shirt well it's a different planet
and one minute it's like storming rain
and an egg but I was like but when I was
editing I was like but you said you
weren't like I connected in Rhino is
very confused I think I may be wrong but
did seem like it was a multitude of days
mixed together anyway it was the it was
the book starting day so it's a bit
messy but anyway it's today is the day
that you're actually watching this and
my dad is here and he sets up hang with
the kids and and it's feeding the old
Baba there you can see no no to be
appropriate I guess yeah yeah right
again guys thank you so much for all
your continued support with the book
did you order what I ordered from Amazon
but he came that doesn't mean delivered
no no I got you oh I'm excited to see on
today that's how that's how we're gonna
beat the charts everyone by two copies
right and we're getting all MSR the boom
by 100 copies go okay anyway what's the
saying oh yeah and the 19 little people
or anyone else enough talk it was a very
book heavy video guys cuz we're doing
the signs and stuff like that
and our hands are broken but thank you
for watching thank you for supporting
thank you for being amazing friends one
and we decide one we signed fat ones
that seems fair
hey made you sign it made you sign means
you sign you sign any books yes yes yes
I read you do I'm sure you got a rose in
pinks and that are likes tablet well
remember a few years back if you guys
remember from the friendliest friend
t-shirts here I have to get everyone
decided Amelia and a dogs and everything
I mean I think was only a hundred so I
wasn't as ins decide and then we were
like this is a terrible this took about
10 minutes to sign like each one ah doc
you're pretty like you i bred fight us
yeah hey
bye bye hey my goodness it make you say
bye bye see Dada Dada Dada say Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada it was
immediate return was it wireless data to
anything I would say Dada Dada that day
say detect data processing
data data data
remember in power rangers wasn't it what
they said data oh yeah
no wait that's getting start I turn a
next generation data range is called
state there is something there's some
power rangers called data from the
office and it's a date time machine and
a toxin Siri I'm going bye-bye
Siri be serious here hold hold one don't
get the whole theory
who is data in Power Rangers who is
machine in Power Rangers that gives them
information
oh good what is there anywhere like the
office is there any discussion of the
office the para painters office I think
adding your pencil I don't think you're
watching Power Rangers I think you're
watching like office shows right goodbye
friends yeah see you tomorrow
I'm gonna leave comments and links or
tweet us videos and you can find the
Power Ranger data how did he ever name
their hands in windows name did they
call back to him because he data me
they're like ours you know he's like
there's a bad guy approaching in like
this it's all partners victims I think
you are aware data the android robot no
no with like you know wheels giving a
loss in space
oh wait you know in Teletubbies it's
very like Teletubbies apparently this is
nothing there's no computer or office in
Chinese oh he's either oh yeah no I
think I've got it wrong I did you gotta
know it's if there's any show out there
that involves in office and they
computer named data it's a robot named
Ava looks like I swear it looks like
it's a little like robot robot robot
goodbye see you tomorrow
