Oh day long people on the vlogs don't
like like like leave a nice comment like
like I tell people on the blog's go
friendliest Wednesday hard
Oh careful now
thank you silent for that word oh thank
you that everything done do you think
our friend we're gonna get Amelia a
dishwasher for Christmas that's a
favorite toy something left something
else you see we don't take a whole thing
out
thank you thank you
oh now I'll show you where the mop is
you know when you spend like a long time
folding laundry and then you go away and
you it load for a second and then turn
around and you see this okay
thank you so much I mean yeah that's
really helpful
oh thanks at least you're putting them
all back in all of this was so neatly
folded and ready to bring upstairs yeah
mm-hmm and there she's figured out how
to turn off and on it was my fault
I was getting her to help me with the
tumble dryer again putting clothes in
and then I got her to turn it on
nationals how to turn it on off because
she's just going in and out monash tanks
the door but she goes Internet
I hope the laundry room and turn off and
on foot toe blueberry so nothing's never
gonna get dry huh there
you had like a five-minute nap she knows
you know you know I am you're not like
oh yeah this is my favorite time in two
videos this your favorite time to videos
okay let's go
oh never mommy here this is your nook
good girl oh my goodness look at her she
wouldn't take it for ages though she
would just like grab it and then she's
like laughing yeah I know and it's just
like putting it over to a girl like huh
put you at your high chair so you can
you know property their favorite time in
a week
hello cupcake Wednesdays okay Thursday
today gonna go outside guys does anybody
know any doggie friends that might be
interested going on her walkies cuz then
you want to go into walkies anyone
anyone for walkies those treat having a
clue these two no further a mother
mother have been beets go I was
following my eighth Ventura actually bit
like it's been sure okay pic grab a
leave oh my good man if you grab little
need something epic Kunis in the Lena
Kunis and Alina you you banished
banished it is so cold today like it is
you know that kind of cold that it's
like chills your bones
Oh first are tonight I think is that
skies an eye but look at a little star
over there oh my goodness make a wish
I know you say it wish it's not supposed
to go true but I heard if you push your
wish in the comments all the secona your
news video there's actually better odds
of your air wish coming true
that's supposed to plan here are we
answers were a plan what
sighs is that the Sun hubby hubby yeah
guess what I'm the boss you're not the
boss of me now you're not the boss of me
now Oh some days but this is not that
difficult so nice this is a nightmare
he's like so just getting feisty moods
or something obviously all the way over
there okay I'm not with them I'm just
thing okay deal
come on come on come on mush oh my
goodness imagine for Christmas I don't
even know if this is possible but you
could dress them all up his reindeers I
suppose I'll be I'll be Rudolph wouldn't
he
I'm Nicky drive more like and you can
have like a sled if it snows oh my
goodness forget the viral forget the
Harlem shake
could you imagine a video and YouTube
call like baby on sled with six Maltese
or something like that epic epic I'm
telling you it's gonna happen well if it
snows happening that's guys really cool
oh you know people on the vlogs go like
like like leave a nice comment like like
go friendliest presence a hard
Yahoo speaking friendliest friends he
said-she today because tomorrow from
Friday Friday is the last day to get one
friend have you got yours have you got
yours huh
this is it tomorrow morning when I wake
up no Saturday morning when I wake up I
decided like I'm gonna ship the site
down it's gonna be closed on Friday but
I'm gonna do it in Saturday morning
because I realized that my Friday and a
lot sudra so in Saturday morning and
whenever I wake up I'm gonna ask I'm
gonna switch the site off you will no
longer be able to by themselves
essentially today being fighting for you
would be the last day ever get your
hands on one of these
sickness oh yeah we decided I keep
saying signed insurance we decided we
are going to go and print it to add
separate little complementary cards and
we're gonna sign the card
instead of t-shirts because that was I
don't know some people probably who
still want t-shirt signed but the
majority of people wanted us to sign the
cards and send in t-shirts you know I
could have actually incorporated design
to include the signature you know and
then just mass-produced at but I just
don't think I would be as personal you
know because every single signature from
every single t-shirt or you know thing
that you guys are gonna get is gonna be
individual and different and special
just for you but anyway if you still
want one or if you're hemming and hawing
tomorrow you won't be able to buy one
ever again so today will be the last day
in the dog history that you can get one
now my friend did you get your one we've
got some add you have a serious problem
here folks
the last frying pan piers is this
fixable though Oh in second this might
be fixable one oh she isn't fizz we're
back in order lights we're back in order
we have not been beat yet what you
excited yeah and now it may break off
while I'm in a minute flipping the
pancakes
yeah maybe at the funny way of watching
pepper it's a funny way of watching bad
put the chicken in the pan turn it
around as you can don't forget to stir
the chicken if you want to have it
thicken nice when you're having your
dinner
people say that's nice nifty cool
luckily I took pettypaws it'll be nice
hi there you hungry are you hungry hippo
uh-oh
so I a lot recently I've been making a
lot of our food with sweet corn because
Amelia hug this has a phone call sweet
corn and she's a big fan so I'm trying
to incorporate sweet corn and peas
because they're like this different
color sweet corn don't tell me yes she
doesn't know that's a difference what do
you guys pair noodles or rice I always
have this debate if it becomes even
passed and rice I'll always choose rice
I must prepare rice over pasta but
they're difficult you can noodles and
rice
there no I like rice I like basmati rice
you know a nice soft white wrap how many
people right well yeah kotl Google a
Dublin coddle you might make you vomit
but it's amazing I meant I was
disgusting but it's amazing it's
gorgeous it's like my describe to you
it'll also make you feel ill okay
they call her the boiling water like so
drop it load the potatoes drop in raw
sausages rolled off bacon and soul
onions and boil it and they just eat it
that's what as Irish used to live up
what's that what's this goofy goober
okay severa num-nums
what did dad prepare for us chicken
somebody is very tired because she had
like I'd say she slept for about half an
hour today didn't you yeah when's that
bruise gonna go away mm-hmm when's that
bruise gonna go away but Yoshi Pony
something for like half an hour today
and so while she was eating her dinner
she was like crashing she's hard to get
any of it hey so are just better with
apple and yogurt
you should get something in there oh
there there
I'll be yeah can you give it a Lovisa
mothball I give some to Alby no it's too
much fun it's too much fun
come on let's clean up let's clean up
clean up everybody everywhere clean up
clean up what the hell is in your hair
you want to call home phone home et et
phone home I love the way that works
that's what we call her mini Thomasina
so i could color et narrow right friend
we do not believe the bad is in here in
here let me lure you in here just lure
you in you let go poo the window
yeah when you thinking that you know
what you have a habit of dropping things
in there and I would appreciate if my
phone was not one of those objects come
here come here
oh my goodness we finish here I am
literally going to be basically just
doing administration or organization and
all the orders that you guys have please
friend these fancy chips
I did not expect as many people to order
them that actually did we're not talking
under there exactly exactly tell is the
camera still alive the cameras don't
work it you maniac
yeah it's gonna be insane like trying to
organizing into like the size and stuff
like I'm just Sally oh my goodness this
going mental
you guys are the best oh thanks so much
anyone actually got them oh you VC just
do it one more day to get in there and
get on there make me coolly on each one
we're going to try and like the little
button things free Twitter and just say
every single order like individual and
spatula and just like this is so cool
what's that okay yeah you say thank you
thank you friend news friends busy
friend is friend army is massive and if
you see somewhere else where a friend is
pretty sure you say right to the rose
but it'd be more excited like next week
when towns when you get back to the
bridges
help you might need all the stuff done
between today and tomorrow
well I had until it ends
but I keep myself a load extra time to
get on this donor but it's a breaking
sure all the stuff and getting them all
back here that's gonna be mentally
they're like stache I was like excited
about it's gonna be so excited sanding
them all hair and it's gonna be so
exciting
then you come you got tweet me pictures
if you do get them but about my cab
wait'll they get here wait'll I get here
friend I think everyone in Ireland will
get them first then everyone in the UK
and then everyone in sort of Western
Europe and then Eastern Europe and then
sort of maybe Russia and then Asia
moving those and then and then out
sometime in 2015 people of New Zealand
she'll get a friend a nice French
t-shirt let's go to the bedroom
oh no oh no you're doing a show for the
neighbors
yeah you doing a show for the neighbors
come on let's go let's go they say is it
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's see we don't you know it don't you
want to go to bed and have your story
you read tucked up nice and cozy
then do you wanna go to bed and have
your silly story read by mommy who's
nice and cozy as my phone what are you
doing I might need it for my dad okay
okay everyone just count down everyone
just calm down let's go let's go let's
go do you go to bear cuz you wanna go no
better than have your little story read
my friendliest friend Amelia my friendly
you threatened Amelia
good night thank you for watching don't
forget to like the video leave its nice
comment it's appreciated don't you know
good night and see
tomorrow hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
