 in the park good my friendliest
friend walked in in the park with a
friendly and friends secret you do a
little hiding a little bit look at them
see any you guys remember those little
mittens that would be tied from one in
theater I had them so I wouldn't lose
them
good night welcome to the National money
internet thank you for protecting our
aloof TV which has been we may be able
to take only doing Google Plus elaborate
to change it because Google rabbit
returned it but now Google passes me to
come it's a little funny but cook
oppresses okay in my books
kind of like II yes it is no milk
although in a madam six months Anna will
be producing milk again nice about
homegrown cow I love the cow in the
house it's a regular work although I
don't think Amelia would really be fond
of the rest milk
freshly squeezed so because it's gotten
colder now in the mornings I have
started putting a media's dressing
getting on her and it looks so cute -
Mia I want to show everybody your cute
dressing gown hi hi look at cute cheese
and it's got like a little hood as well
with another heart hanging off so
adorable but like I could tell she
needed it cuz she was I mean I put one
on when I come down the only thing is
it's white so it's probably gonna get
filthy she never really shoe I put it on
there like once or twice first one she
was really tight me I think it's for
like anywhere from like 6 to 12 months
but she's pretty she's still pretty
small so it it fits her and it's big oh
my goodness not like that was Brittany's
been t-shirt we saw that right in 24
hours it was like gone it was like wow
okay so I got another batch in like I am
I my goal is to I will keep getting them
I will keep reordering and get
everything ready cuz I really want to
make sure that every single person can
get one but there is a time crunch
friends there's only about two days left
to order friend his friends t-shirts and
then that is kaput I think on Friday I'm
gonna call a halt I'm gonna lock the
website out and that'll be the end of it
because that gives me enough time to it
takes about a week
print them all so this week this Friday
we say kaput and then it takes about a
week and then we'll have them all back
here by next Friday and then we'll start
tying them and all that so let's go be
fun you'll get to see your own t-shirt
come in here we'll be like sign them
like maniacs make me excited t-shirts
under run and then and then hopefully
down he takes a couple of days and then
we get them shipped as soon as possible
I will definitely shipping before my
deadline but um it's it's so exciting so
cool we got them on here if you like
what this is she should read I'm gonna
try it every single one of your t-shirts
little where'd your bag special request
hot hot cheese that's great the milk
this is kind of work so I finally
finally got rid of the Halloween stuff
and the house looks so clean and empty
and I kind of like it there's one
Halloween bucket right there next week I
think it thinks you forgive me please
forgive me I know not what I do please
give me your mic smell oh look at your
unicorn Bruce huh it's crazy it's great
night are you walking the doggies okay
girls gonna walk the dogs picked up
movies how did you know no she has
newbies too
we don't care we don't need no
information hey you there leave those
dogs alone and then under this tripwire
look at this trip are you now bended
bye-bye doggies well we'll be back when
you wake up
bye daddy
hiya like how you dad come on
so apparently supposed to act jealous a
lot of rumors it's gonna snow here on
Wednesday which is tomorrow but today is
that kind of em you know like it's super
it's super sunny but it is super cold
you know that kind of way yeah it's
super sunny I like that I like that a
definite to Christmas tree no rabbits
here today folks no rabbits here today
hey are you trying to get over there
what are you guys doing little escapists
okay I think anything all right
there's there's a process to unraveling
this all right that's it let's begin the
process and there we go unraveled oh
geez
let's go let's go come on let's go
friends let's go donkey my minions
let's go donkey for the essence oh it's
funny
wait a second there I thought there was
a document right through a real Doug he
does it moved quickly down to have our
lunch we slept a long time good girl
good girl
hmm we get your little bow bow driving
along and now mommy will be home annoyed
we're shy what again over this cold so I
don't say Taulbee Italy
I'm very easily so about a week ago we
ordered an espresso coffee and arrived
yet I had the final final capsule that
was it
I am out and the ones that we've had for
the last few days if you know like em
you know what a funny little sort of
spicy maybe you like the spicy ones hold
that's hot
tallest building in the entire planet
Earth
okay okay it is don't don't tell me
about - by the by is nothing on court
but then all I had left is one box of
level twelve these crazy level twelve
Indian spiced coffee and I was like on
oh my goodness like that I kind of got a
question to it but I call him this
morning I was like and he's like look I
boxed came in this morning and I was
like how big is a box and he's like it's
got enormous I think this is the same as
price writing and decided he's like no
it's nothing on the side of it knows
like so I'm coming all the way in Oh
like this but the mommy makes you it's
PB&J milk cucumbers cherry tomatoes how
does that sound
you like peanut butter okay
ah oh my lovely the entire Road what am
i walking to you
it's fine if I'm getting yours so that's
the part like way ahead here Sundy I
decided this river oh you're gonna date
them sheesh I get the cameras on her
yep the minute I turn it away from her
she tastes that she's so cute
all right now for mommy's lunch okay so
giant pots did come this is so are you
in this press oh no no this does not
seem like it's an espresso probably
espresso I have a big why would
Nespresso put this oh no oh no it's
pretty cool but it's not the Nespresso I
might have to go into brand hummus and
just buy some cuz I can't I can't I
can't go on I'm never buying a hot
espresso online again oh my goodness
okay mommy's having some soup and bread
I feel bad for Johnny thinks he went all
the way into town to our peel box to get
the nespresso package that we ordered
like on Friday and should have been here
by now that was pretty bad actually
we're driving in the back because I'm
trying to figure out how to get back
around to a brown Thomas Thomas hello
bro please don't drop your ladder on top
of me think I'll fit you here
whoa it's a tight one it's a tight
squeeze now you've got the shiver ease
where the heck are we and what the hell
is doesn't sense we're at dozen sides oh
wait a second I'm right at the Crawford
that sucks oh I feel really bad for him
because he still hasn't eaten I wanted
to give it a breakfast anyways plus I
wanted to go and get my ingredients for
tomorrow's baking video in Tesco or guns
or something like that I don't know
figure to that yet I wanted to do that
after lunch but I don't think Jonathan's
gonna want to come with I'm not a P just
spend the whole day like in town so
don't do that
uh-uh-uh-uh good girl
you do nom nom say you finished are you
done no no no no you're just messing
with your milk Mir thank you
finish up good girl
this is so Christmassy anyway we're here
for Dia what's best so please
there's the mr. Escobar yeah fill me up
please
we're all up on it alright ray always my
hat that's my hat
who's my hat skank over hat
rat-a-tat-tat alright let's go friend
let's go my heel you've already had your
go today
let's go let's go see you laters let's
go then you go mommy's not coming we're
all gonna walk mother mother effing wat
is huh hurry walking in the park good my
friendliest friend walked in in the park
with a friendly is friend so good you
little bitch look at them do any you
guys remember those little mittens that
would be tied from one end to the other
I had them so I wouldn't lose them what
happened you down for the count you down
for the count
oh oh she's up yeah penny it's gonna
snow Amelia oh my goodness could you
imagine a few days you get to walk on
snow for the first time and ice the big
pileup fill up the tire right and when
someone comes running yo GI bill this
big pile for Advent oh oh oh
who do you think what do you see do you
see do you see you can't catch me you
can't catch me
whoa
Oh God look at this mess
so when I was gone last week earth
last weekend I came back and they may
not look like it but these boxes are
actually I had organized them by like
category so there's like soft toys hard
toys and books and when I came back they
were all jumbled off because clearly
somebody I know I bet this is dumb so
this is actually a good thing about it
was all taken out because I wanted to do
this for a while look what Mommy has to
do here actually don't bring attention
to this because it's just she's just
wanna see you later oh my god guys if
you can feel that feel I can't was it
who were you from again
banh cuon wow wow it is amazing it is
the most nice feeling thing I've ever
felt in like the nicest things she has
left me and it still fits so I felt a
lot of things in my life and this is one
of the nicest things it was really
fanciest from my brother and his
girlfriend they bought it in Paris water
it's like one of the nicest cool things
that she has but the cool thing is that
it fit our from like age 7 months till
now so that's pretty good and I've
washed it and it washes really well and
I think it's like cashmere or something
but it still looks perfect so let's get
this done you miss you're not on my good
fist because you were for ages and now
when I went to let you out what do you
ran away you ran away can I ask you
something sure
you scrap this do me you just sitting on
your nappies yeah I could sit in a Pew
she's watching gta just admit happiness
he is that a comfy spot Oh Oh careful
you don't slip up well you're taller
than me now you're gonna be taller than
me yeah you know balancer he's a pastor
making some meatballs and peas and some
other stuffs and some pasta I chopped
the meatballs up see I made like little
tiny meatballs so I mean it could enjoy
them you want a bourbon you want a
reverend Oh everything everything was
pulled in everything is pulled in come
on let's go let's go where are you going
you have to go in you have to go in
don't you
you're always the messer there's always
a Messer
huh there's always a way nicer in the
bunch
something in there there's some loot
tell lip-out
did she just taste it
did you just taste it I think she
sniffed alone tasted it
oh it's back the love test oh you passed
again you passed the can oh oh keep
beating me up don't beat up your father
don't beat up your father see you later
night friends say night-night friends my
friends thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow it's doing your ear oh hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the sakuni Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
