oh my goodness the last night right and
I actually went into labor how we
actually had the baby
okay now you push Amelia push okay I
just don't want her to fall go another
push this is a stir
come on you're the driver will ya gravy
log
go go go random circles Oh
check checker is she okay yeah all right
hi ma'am that's that's five euros please
okay Oh get up ma'am ma'am step out of
the vehicle ma'am oh it's a tight
squeeze you make it oh go for it you got
it you're under free Road that's why
this is the practice run know anything
you take them up I don't take them and
hide them I can't wait to have two of
these it's gonna be great they are so
cute isn't sitting there please don't be
a stealer no one likes a stealer
I think you know normally over out
places she doesn't mind I think it's
good were in immediate territory no
that's why she's getting him it like
this
she doesn't care though no she just care
whatever having a hard time sharing she
does not really enjoy it you have to
share sharing is caring
okay have to share with your little
friend good girl no she takes this with
it go good girl
Hey they're so cute whether it's
somebody you watching them play I'm like
oh my god gonna be so cool although it's
gonna be totally different
cuz Amelia's friend is three months
younger or no four months younger so and
obviously the new baby is gonna be like
18 one Joker but it's just cool to see
even like two kids playing it's weird
I've never done this before so I don't
really know me Nia don't be jealous
she's allowed to play with your toys
yeah yeah this is so funny I think
they're having like a competition who
could say mama we have a media staff
friend in the cage she has the same crib
as media so we just have her in there
while I change me yeah but they're both
saying mama and it's like competitions
like okay say mama better hey mouth are
you huh lemon you see mama mama mama
let's pick out your socks Oh My gods are
there Cher
no it's crazy how fast that actually
talk like I mean instead of giving her
her toys good girl
boys nipples playing together she's not
getting like me where did you get fit
work hmm
you're not gonna mean so we're spending
our day stuck in traffic
hi hi there hi there soaked in traffic
friend what I know a friend
we're having a stuck in traffic day it's
a stalking one wrong turn and we ended
up here yeah it's a great buy Liam gives
his lap traffic flora quickly Peter
likes it lights she saw nothing so
nothing you saw no one say nothing to no
one
okay I'm gonna make this gonna make the
lights so I gotta call into the printer
because you guys you guys are pretty
quick with the buying of t-shirts so I
think they're gonna stand out I think
they actually did and then I'm like
where I need to go back in and get more
ordered a ton more so I really want to
make sure that everybody gets a t-shirt
I wants a t-shirt so I put the link
again in the description they are it has
free shipping worldwide we are gonna
sign every single t-shirt and it's gonna
side most of them I'm just gonna teacher
I decide my signature Wonderware talk
with us today um leave my comments and
let me know okay because it's really up
to you guys do you want us to sign the
t-shirts or do you want us to sign em
like a complimentary slip you know we're
thinking of printing out I'm a fun
little sort of logo thing and then on
the back to it maybe signing you know so
you can keep that separate or do you
want the shirt signed so leave as many
many people have bought the shirts or
would you like let us know in the
comments below and we're gonna do what
the majority say you know because I'm
saying like if you want the shirt sign
that's cool or if you want the thing
sign but we can only do one or the order
for everybody you know because there's
quite a lot and a lot and thank you very
much to everybody that has bought them
or everywhere it's a bag
but we're waiting for you to get it
it'll be our six o'clock uniform you
have to take off your clothes put on the
t-shirt you like okay what wow what kind
of machine is that where is the road
serious obstacles today
oh hey just Park it up you have enough
for name traffic you having a Monday
traffic on me huh
we need to get Amelia and your car seat
that's also on our list of things to do
she definitely is a new car seat now my
friends want a new car seat one that
looks the other way yeah welcome home
rent well Camille Amelia did we not
discuss this over the weekend what we
are and are not allowed to munch on hot
chocolate okay baby baby baby baby let's
put the puppets in here you want this do
you want this is that we're talking
about you want the yellow one what's the
yellow one guard whoo I'm organic what's
it got in it bananas mangoes apricots
and apples with a dash of lemon juice
yummy
all right let's go there correct what
this Oh Oh
munch munch munch munch munch now
everywhere else
scooter AMA escucha ramit scooter AMA oh
oh oh my goodness okay I know we don't
reach our self in P o box but never did
it again
it's up a junior six to 12 months that's
the junior Fridays fortunately you won't
be super you a super girl okay that's it
that is that remember got moving on
swiftly making some air
I guess then I'm gonna be the slicin
because I said Madison that is a that's
not my trophy jokes greatest hits going
way back way back when I had a bagel
slicer from Charlotte but
I don't even know where the bagel slicer
is okay I know what Charlotte is I have
this okay let's see yeah I'm definitely
gonna need a second hand whoa who was
gonna walk ease a mother mother effin
walkies who was going to walk ease
Albie gets one of these because we were
missing one of those thingies yeah we
can't find it so I'll be somewhere nice
you ready guys you ready you standing on
the edge of your seat right that light
on my top in the world one light switch
at a time all right well let's go pals
come on guys quick quick march quick
chop chop oh yeah someone let's go I
don't know what happened today I think
my body was trying to tell me something
but I felt so silly because I was like I
should be all relaxed after like well I
was only one night away it wasn't like a
whole weekend we were calling at mom's
weekend but you know it was like it was
one night it could have been longer but
um I felt like oh we should have been so
relaxed and like everything after my
break away but I just hit a wall this
afternoon I don't know a water-wise
after we came home because I was driving
I don't know like because I drove into
town and it was all traffic II and like
I had to concentrate a lot but that's
kind of weird if I generally just felt
like I could have slept if Jonathan had
not woken me up at 5:00 I probably could
have slept like until the whole night
probably I don't know until I got hungry
next have a good sniffing have a good
sniff lads
so it's important oh no I got multiple
rabbits I was kill another one you see
them all here rabbit rabbit rabbit
one rabbit little rabbit good quick
quick here comes a crazy man with six
small T's look at his par this is what
happens this is what always happens here
look at this
let's say you braid your hair and then
I'll have to go and do it all right and
then they'll just go mess it over again
 man over there when we come on over
there with the old slinky lead huh
slinky leave slingers until I call him
your highness back to call all these
thinkers writers thinkers mud slingers
that's the altar call him mud slingers
come on mud slingers oh my goodness
thank come on lucky friends let's go
this mental time what's uh what's the
plan here friend what's the plan here
you try to do your makeup while driving
you see you've got a car full of makeup
huh
see you got a car full of makeup huh
hello oh hello Rick you got a sunroof
kind of take a little sunroof imagine
the car just had a hole wait a minute
cars do no wait they have this hole
there's no car hit a hole here huh don't
don't be it's not Ash Wednesday you
think it's actually NZ look there's a
thing in there fired what what are you
trying to do what is your plan you some
sort of like special Amelia I mean Oh
Thomasina does all her own stunts in
these vlogs we don't have a stunt person
she does their own but she does her own
stunts down when I'm down down down down
down down down down
oh no it's not evil Bianca whoa nice
moves come on you can do it look well
but we're pretenders as a speeding car
hair their trainers on me what yeah yeah
that's me why what's up what can I do
for ya really up good show yourself
I mean yeah I mean yeah I got yank it
yank it look at me oh you giving her
hugs
hey are you pushing her out of a
speeding car hey so I meant to ask you
them
is anybody in court actually going to
the doctor who as far as I know I was
looking through the list of cinemas as
far as I know and the man points how
many tracks is actually I'm going to do
a Doctor Who 50th anniversary you don't
I'm talking about a doctor who is having
a 50th anniversary what the 50th
anniversary episode is 75 minutes long
and they decided that they are going to
play it on normal television for at the
same time it's going to be on the cinema
which is kind of cool to watch Doctor
Who in a cinema and it's you're invading
up the new doctor and we all
anyway but it'll be like as far as I
know the attendance is actually gonna be
in it the guy who plays doctor here at
the moment and the next dr. hill
do you want to come with me friend I
don't know actually what what do you
want make a son Julian and Amelia for
some reason is don't match up
wait you gonna talk why are you gonna
Mentos why are you gonna lose would you
like some tasty food at history it has
retreated it's got some peas and carrots
and sweet corn and it has some ciccone
and and some naan bread followed by some
basmati rice down that tasty place that
takes twice as nice dystrophy made it
we're having her grapes you like grapes
I like grapes or my face the only scary
thing my grapes is that they're really
bad like really poisonous for dogs so
every time I give them to her I like
watch her like a hawk so that she
doesn't put any on the floor which she
actually usually doesn't because she
likes them for both having a great huh
mmm juicy
what can we do with the drunken sailor
early in the morning early in the
morning only loaded loaded lion only
gloom
get in there no cuz you know how vital
guns hello what everybody you're very
welcome to this evening's cabaret you're
all going off from there from Port
Arlington Park leash and home Keiko
there
that's the Christine boy Sam it's a bit
this is the back and you pop friend run
first run for your freedom but for your
freedom show me later
Hey hmm it's getting cool looking
yeah what good is that plenty is that
bunny haha
you said funny haha hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
