oh hey BJ
it's going on here
is there any particular reason we're
watching Peppa while while trying to
balance ourselves in the car oh you're
hilarious bend
I think offensive stretch marks that
weren't there before
I think pretty faint what I have there
can you guys see y'all look at there you
see I'm not there's just veins but I
think they are just I think they are
stretch marks okay I mean they haven't
formed yet but I'm pretty sure that's
what they are I mean I know this is
probably gonna be like our last baby so
whatever happens now you know that's the
worst of it but still it sucks
I mean clearly I'm happy to be pregnant
and I'm not like I'm not that upset
about it but it's still kind of like
because I kind of a worth it and I won't
ever look nice in a bikini again and I
use oil I used by oil maybe I should
start using more bio oil again actually
but I do i voiced your eyes and
everything but I guess it just doesn't
matter plus I did pop out really fast
this time so it's just a bit depressing
whoa I am full of the snots full of
slots so I think before Ana goes I'm
gonna nip down to the petroleum
situation and pick up some some lemons
and stuff
it's a touchy-feely book oh I don't know
ones that you're like you know you drop
it and it's soft and the tiger parts and
she knew she recognized it I could tell
the way she was reading
she loves books you have to get her so
many books for Christmas because she's
obsessed
it's so cute their new trick now and I
take mr. guy was a prized a fake and
reach your arms up in the air you wait
you going are you going what you gonna
say teeth come in come here you take fun
of you this is it folks no turning back
huh you ready for the adrenaline rush
Red Bull all night long
little funny sound are you thinking
that's not that's my plan huh okay say
goodbye to mom Rob it's not son mom
mommy kids okay take a look at this
house because they won't look like this
when you get back hey we're here I meant
to show you guys the danced over the
next one um the dancer it's really nice
it's like I've never been here before
and that drive-in was amazing and had
all these like autumn trees it was so
nice but it's really it's like a modern
building but then it's really like old
school kind of downstairs so I'll show
you guys later but we made it no more me
yeah Jonathan when I miss them so much
now I'm like because when you're about
to leave me like I can't wait to get out
oh you're so annoying and then as soon
as you leave Thanks you're like
this is our bathroom I wanted to fly out
before where's the phone
oh they're calling him to mate while I
was on the loo hi but yeah I wanted to
vlog up before yeah before you traffic
you know the way it always looks really
nice
just before anyone like touches it but
yeah this is our bathroom and then this
is our closet yeah well there's three
there's they've had three ropes three
dress again
yeah housing these are our beds this is
like a popular what wedding spot I think
but look at the treat that's what I was
telling you right the trees or well you
can't really see on camera but they're
all like orange and right uh good
morning again
I need a frame early his friend hi there
hi there friendly a friend
hi there friendly his friend you rushing
to open the curtains drinking downstairs
yeah
you said keep quiet good
pull it pull it Oh point of you oh we're
gonna says just you and me friend
you mean the doggies okay so don't mind
my crazy crazy friend over there my
friend's partner is co-owner of this
company love abou they sent Amelia the
Peppa Pig dress but everybody loved so
much but love this is her Christmas
dress it's so tea
and then this is the this is like a
little blouse thing oh it's so cute I
just wanted to show you okay it's
getting crazy in here so I'm gonna shut
this camera off
excuse me Theo excuse me Theo oh you're
not awake long and already a mess
huh what well what's that what's this
here now what's this site Oh jeepers Oh
friendliest friend shirts by now
available in an assortment of sizes hard
take it it's alive if you're interested
in getting one to get it sooner rather
than later because it is a limited run
there is only a certain amount it's more
so about getting them done you know the
morning that are ordered the last chance
we have at getting them done so at some
point I'm going to just have to kind of
maybe stop it to see your enemy and try
and get them all that because they are
definitely get to you for Christmas
and International shipping is included
in the price so no matter where you live
in the world once we get the shirts done
over the next week the ordering process
will begin and then we're going to get
them all printed and then we're going to
get them all delivered here that we're
gonna sign them all friend huh the
family and friends we're gonna sign them
under so you guys will see I'm signing
them all how will be of course will be
shipped out with the t-shirts along with
movies they will definitely get to you
before Christmas
death oh definitely because we checked
up when I'm with the postal the shipping
company and everything and they said
like as long as they're out by the 6th
of December they will definitely be
around the entire planet within one week
from that which is kind of like early to
mid-december so yeah exciting exciting
and of course we couldn't get kids once
but there are a few days ago we put the
small female one on Amelia so if you do
want to order one for kids I would say
just order a small one and they'll
probably fit a kid you know a small
female one fits a one-year-old well okay
it's like a dress on her but you know
I'm just saying if you want to get home
for it like if she's one I don't know
like a four-year-old would probably fit
like a normal t-shirt yeah we just came
down I just wanted to show you guys
it was like a cabinet of it here so what
are we doing here we're getting it
something no they're getting something
and then knows we're gonna get dinner
later
didn't mom say something her mom say
something about what what have we got
Oh their mind sighs they'd like for you
why don't you do i okay
do you want one of these yeah what was
it again wasn't on one of these I wasn't
one of these which gonna do I'm friend
you want a yellow one green one or a red
one which one pick one can Steve get in
there Dan Rather's organization project
yeah this is this is called dad's
organization project it's a little bit
different okay no sharing today I'm
sharing today
gingka Navy this isn't good at all this
isn't good enough friend hi there that
probably isn't allowed either can I have
can I have this can I have this can I
have this just because mom has gone away
those are mine
ways ways this stuff everywhere okay
somebody has to be in charge here okay
somebody has don't look at all check out
flyers and mojito it's not mine hi guys
this is my little diet coke this is
babies and milk tell me if you've ever
had babies on milk because it sounds
really nice and I actually I did used to
really like babies and then I gots a cup
on it
once cuz I drank too much of it yeah but
I really like me
stick it in Instagram there's this quiz
online that we did and it's like what is
it guess you're it's not guess your age
there's nothing missing or your coolness
yeah your coolness of your age I got 40
no I got 52%
Nicki got 78 are so annoyed she got more
than me it asks you questions like
what's like WTF or what's like I don't
know like cool ya know or what's name a
member of One Direction I couldn't do
that I only knew first names you have to
do like both names and Laura got so I
just wanted to take it Instagram her
three play notes as I did scram right
what she should be because it looks
really cute I'm gonna take it Instagram
and I heard that a t-shirt website went
live Jonathan texted me and he was like
what lives this is off like seven seven
five eight coming in for landing do we
have permission to board the mothership
do we have permission to uh oh uh yeah
dinner and I didn't get a starter and
they gave me a complimentary little tiny
tomatoes ooh maybe the frame if she was
kind of course but off course but like
she wanted one thing
you wanted one thing and then it wasn't
there
and then she wanted something else and
not one thirst we should have to get
duck pate favors do I don't know can you
tell the scale of this that's my phone
that's what I needed are you having an
argument it's Airy I gave you a chance
give necessary
friendliest friend and look at the first
one comes up
Ciccone Joey's on YouTube I actually you
say friendliest friend in the Surrey it
brings up Ciccone jollies how cool is
that
that is so epic man in that epic friend
we got a desert Nicky and I got the same
thing and then look at this it's a latte
yes this is a chocolate and it says
Hotel look at this one you expected
that's what I'm gonna do next time next
time I make Atlantic this is the milk
and then you bet to let everybody up the
stairs I hear back to let everybody up
huh I don't think everybody needs a bath
tonight and only everybody needs a bath
tonight huh where's my chair get it get
it yeah oh she's making a run run four
legs
yeah where's he going where you go come
on it's bad time you know it's bad time
you know it's bad time I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you okay
so we're just back in a room please do
not mind the big massive huge I have one
big spot in the middle of my forehead
like thank you but anyways we're back in
our room we're all cuddled up whenever
well I'm not I just took a shower well
we had a really nice dinner so I'm
wondering what Jonathan's doing yeah I
think he put her down to sleep at like
half-past ten her bedtimes at 8:00 so
yeah we'll see how she is tomorrow ah oh
I got ya I got ya
Oh
hey guys yet you got to come to the back
now oh wow wow
look at this Wow you're all ready for me
that time that's mommy that's mommy in
your grandpa huh mommy looks like you
thank you go say hi yeah no I got that I
kind of like it dad does mama is that
that see mommy's daddy there's mommy
Fanny let's go let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go oh she's making a
run for it let's just wait down for the
count
see you guys tomorrow hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the sakuni Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
