do don't be greedy only take what you're
given
morning friendliest friends oh my
goodness I have no idea how because I
Emilia had the cold she passed it to me
and then I got it from either one of us
I don't know I was like teamwork we
infected her teamwork and now I woke up
this morning all I cold again I'm like
what happened so I have donned the Hat
because I figured about where I hide
everything of everything it'll be better
if I just wear a hat all right everybody
better
threes I'm driving this car though is am
I don't know jeez so I'm went on I
bought this car you know I was like
alright so now we have two family car
saloons
there's not a need for two family cards
two moons maybe jofi jokes as I sang my
while again the top of this car
maybe jokey jokes should get a little
roadster for himself just me a bike
friend so he can cruise around like a
cool little writer so I was thinking a
trading down I'm offloading ammaji and
getting some smaller smaller roadster
just was something for me you know just
blow up out in so a while I mean while
I'm doing that I don't want to put the
mileage up on the match you know just
keep in mind down low it's okay put the
mileage open this because this is like
there's like thinking no mileage on it
anyway so might as well use this it's
like the family car the family sends
every car but dad's gotta have a toy
all right spot the addict in this
situation the media want some juice hi
you're so cute here look my sisters how
can you do it yeah that's why she only
gets juice in the morning because she's
addicted and she wants it all day every
day but we don't give a turn the morning
time with her breakfast so let's see
where your little cup is Rock City it's
a fabulous city down as you can see her
down the right-hand side you've got a
bridge this bridge has a name but it's
in familiar to me there knows artifact
and lovely voice and a lonely taxi and
then another fact and lovely horse and
then does this lady or hopefully for a
she didn't she didn't walk out and
forgive me there now lads the belt rope
belt up don't forget 12 o'clock now
there's some crepes in there and they're
 gorgeous ah
homage and look at it now isn't it only
second gorgeous now it's a gorgeous
system ours up right how's it going
Brian now lovely look it's tough for
Sutton truth when a letter mouth Beckham
won't
hey good morning again my little friend
me banned me I just took and I weren't a
half long enough wasn't great
you used to do two hours so mine is just
two hours so I was just two and a half
hours that's what I'm sure this does one
hour yeah usually it's point out we're
not tomorrow I'm going on my girls
weekend it's kind of thing I'm excited
about that but I need to get some makeup
and I think we might be away I think you
might be going to the cinema today
because Jonathan has wanted to go see
and no no ma crap I don't want to watch
it Museum we want to see gravity and
Eric has said it was good so I actually
didn't think I would like it but if
Erika thought was good then I probably
would like it cuz we're very much alike
let's go downstairs
Oh first we have to make the bed mommy
he didn't make the button yet and look
you got a pretty great boat pretty okay
that was M that was totally unexpected I
just I was down in the P o box
collecting all the P o box boxes and I
got talking to you and the guys that
they also do t-shirts and printing
himself and we were just chatting away
there and I was talking them about what
we're doing and stuff and they Noura
printed I were working with and then
they were able to do a really really
good deal cuz I was saying cuz I want
the t-shirts to be as cheap as possible
so you guys can have them you know what
I mean but I gotta cover the cost it's
getting them printed or getting the
t-shirts done I'm shipping them
worldwide and everything you know that's
why I even like what I'm surprised he
dances price and I'm like I don't want
it to be too much I wanted to be
available so I want everyone to be able
to get one but it was it was just the
cost was really high
wasn't it oh it's quite high um I
checked on district lines
other websites and it seemed to be like
I was charging started the going rate
but I wanted it to be kind of cheaper
you know I think I just did that
you know the pricing that these guys are
able to do for me might actually be
might actually work out way better for
making some lunch
of course daddy to use all the dishes in
the dishwasher and then are in the sink
not the dishwasher that would be a good
thing and then look at this
he just took all the stuff that was
drying added the tumble dryer and put on
his jeans I know that's what he did he's
he's like obsessive tumble drying
machine here no nose is coming he's
coming we're making some chicken
sandwiches so I've got a chicken a
cucumber tomatoes our cheese and our
Mayo and we're gonna make whip these up
okay
yeah it's like why aren't you running oh
here you go
sometimes it works yeah look at that's
all on the lam sips we're gonna try and
catch at gravity it's on in about 40
minutes so we're gonna drop Amelia off
we're gonna wrap you up in grandma's
house oh my gosh I never gonna try and
hit it up because my bro brother told me
I should definitely go see it in 3d so
we're gonna see it in 3d
have you seen gravity is it the most
epic film ever what
let's go let's go
help oh come on in friend this is why
you live from now on you just hope these
painters yeah it smells it nice and
fresh that's nice okay friend you're
gonna go live here now
i order you know noodle you Oh another
one
oh you got spoiled today with your I
like shuffler nice I'm gonna be is your
rabbits not media okay new
one you can find out where rabbit is
owner owner a rabbit lost lost something
yeah I did just change the PP this is
fancy tableware
oh the old wins narc fine snark and
Marfan Darvin please christmas is here
christmas see you're not what I think oh
my god feel Taccone last year
pushing the media no but it feels like
like oh yeah okay I feel like last week
Jojo oh yeah it's so cool 5050
that's wolfy hey piggy yeah thank you
boy fee did you find Oh
me fee oh that's my fear let's pussycat
Oh oops
with piggy go I got a medium popcorn
meds I midlife I know that's you what's
in me yeah quacks ah italiano is that a
thing
could we get a second 300 maybe that's
what it is he got pregnant why don't
they call it 611 two seven
one trip we took blood around Oh Derby
ticks are back home again
herpy chick blah blah blah oh the chirpy
chicks are back she already trained
there
she would actually okay so gravity is
amazing it is it's adrenaline
it's intense oh my god I do see it 3d
you recommend anyone that was actually
way better in 3d you can see parts
you're like oh if I was watching us in
2d exactly that Erica said you aren't is
engrossed in it but uh and it's not like
you're not gonna cry because their side
you're gonna cry because it's yeah but
you're gonna cry because you feel her
attorney like you know definitely
definitely recommend it in the beginning
I have to admit I was a bit bored
yeah journey natural initial event yeah
okay but um I like I like to start I
thought the start with that but I
thought the whole thing then towards the
annular you just oh you you just it's
adrenaline it's a rush to rush
definitely recommend it
what do you if they make a sequel I can
be in it I'll be cool gravity - Oh
everything's in 3d hi hi take care
because I'm in 3d I'm in TV now huh did
you care Oh time and she texted me it's
the world in 3d get the bytom chancers
Oh would you get friends yellow look
it's like a candy store here it's so
cool of Lyra flavors of the shakes and
she always knows had to go get them that
good but someone banana lemon juice and
it's making dinner today cuz I was sick
thank you very much
Thanks everything I do yes
whoever media loves to do the puppet
eats him for herself and she shares with
the dougie friends
you like Chang went your naughty friends
he like to share yeah do don't be greedy
only take what you're given what's going
on here somebody using a spoon
is there a spoon user she got herself
right man in rhyme it in yeah nice job
Fred jeepers makes you be using a knife
and fork let me hold that for you let me
hold that field oh sorry
all right there here you got me go get
it in get it in thank you for stopping
my lord Tommy's up is always appreciated
nice comments a nice Amelia you like
your comments and the thumbs ups and our
adventure begins tomorrow I'm gonna be a
single parent for the weekend I'm
excited oh goodness
alright it doesn't start today item 6
gonna be worse ever if I'm sick tomorrow
oh yeah oh nice don't make sure to go up
your sleeve in that now give me oppa
please gonna have me yogurt please
alright goodnight farewell
enjoy your eyes to your day wait hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the
Ciccone jolie and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
