oh please blind faceplant go out up you
pop let's go
what's going on over here are we burying
the doggy
are we burying the doggy hey Toby
thank you it's buried a doggy that's
buried a doggy shall be missing Thank
You friends
Chrissy what hey don't don't mind that
oh my goodness yeah oh my goodness
what are you doing to the dougie take
that exit doctor run for Abby run for it
now's your chance
mom's Club is canceled but you're having
a mom's weekend partying to Palms
surviving yes
what that's rough like everybody sir
everyone's sake leave a comment of your
sake hope you don't catch it can you
catch a cold
watching the bugs I hear some rustling
oh my goodness
how did you get up here everyone got up
did you let everyone else did you let
her know huh come here come here come
here hey it's you did you just smell
your own shoe did you just smell your
own shoe salad you gonna you gonna smell
it
come here she's never let's go it's
breakfast time drop the shoot dr. chu
finally feds in time to get ready so I
think my mom is coming over and she's
gonna grab some cupcakes cuz I made stew
me if you get to the third load
yesterday stop - yeah there was
something I needed to get in here and
mom's clock was canceled this morning
because everybody is sick and where the
don't got you there but everybody and
their babies are sick but so Amelia has
been doing this thing lately which is
really making me upset like it's kind of
like hurt or something it's not like
intentional obviously she doesn't do on
purpose well actually she does but not
for the reasons I would but I would
think because I usually spend the most
time with her and so I usually am the
one who is more like I'll I'll tell her
when she's doing something wrong like
I'll give it to her or I'll get across
with her more than Jonathan because she
does spend more time I mean he does a
lot of but she just spends more of her
day generally with me so I'll be like ah
you can't do that oh no don't do that
whatever and she gets so upset now if I
tell her that she's doing something
that's bad and she will go running into
Janet she'll do like a really sad face
like she'll curl her bottom lip and then
look at me like as if I did something
awful to her and then took off running
into dad and she'll start crying and
like go to him and hug him and I can see
it in her like she knows what she's
doing like she's playing both of us who
already hurts my feelings because I'm
like
I can't help you no I have to tell her
when things are wrong you can't help
that I'm the bad guy because I won't who
spends the most time with her I know if
I when I go away on this weekend
Jonathan's gonna have to do both so but
that's only like one time so she's
probably not gonna you know it's not the
same but it's just it's obvious as
always it falls on like a parent I think
it's usually the moms because the moms
are usually the ones that are with the
children for the most part and they're
usually like the bad guy in the whole
family but it sucks cuz like I just I
don't like that I don't like having to
be the bad guy I don't like her thinking
of me as like Oh mom is mean and dad I
can get away with stuff and it's not
even about like it's not even a
parenting thing that's not what I'm
upset about I'm upset because I don't
want her to not like me you know but
it's tough yeah do I hear somebody do I
hear somebody in here hey you having fun
you get the mess you made hmm mess up
yeah okay yeah huh wowsers
mm-hmm the monitors gone put them on her
then here narrable Little Miss
crazypants lit the coulomb on what's on
your face hmm oh no no no not bad let's
go look how cute you look
how cute with your little mittens huh
goodbye let's go slow and steady wins
the race
I'm gonna ring Alvey and then I'm going
to come back and get the rest of them we
just started to bring our view first for
you enough it come on go my kill me
Victor
what but what right
that's a car by the way
hmm are you one you going back home
ego my call so funny
let's go you two laugh right laugh Fred
what are you doing here
easy easy
all right we're going a little off-road
here friend you've got a little off-road
what are we doing here what's going on
we're just gonna hang it into bushes I
think she followed I'll be in here come
on what is it don't just sit down oh no
no what's my name
where's the gun where's the gun okay
what's going on here
what is going on here what are you doing
what are you doing whoa whoa come pick
up your doggy porn Amelia Amelia Amelia
please plant
please plant come on up you Bob let's go
let's go let's go we're going all sorts
of terrain today oh she's down don't be
a quitter don't be a quitter
good work we'll make it all the way to
the top of the hill
come on you do it you're tangling me up
here lads
let's go let's go look at this guy's Oh
or dam one catch up there oh my god it's
actually doable though I think they've
gotten a lot better at this oh you're
this all right everyone pee on our way
TOS the only boy here all right that's
not to you
come on
let's go let's go we try running
can't you hang with me go go go go go go
go let's go one damn oh my all of them
huh
and it's giving away our cupcakes and
water is not free anymore in Ireland
that's it folks
no more free water so we will be turning
taps on anymore we got our water meters
installed today no more bats no more
showers no more drinking water it's
probably cheaper to buy water in the
shop then it is to get a water meter all
right well don't give them away my
circuits away mom
aah everything just pull the Bianca's
bow that looks like it was taken out
with quite a lot of force
mmm Eric has turned into a cash oh god
they wouldn't see gravity instead it's
the best one we've ever seen their life
is the best of everything right no cry
I'll cry no spoilers
you need to convince Anna media did you
just turn up no no oh geez oh no oh come
on get to it y'all are cleaning up to do
so anyway I would say my brother said to
go see it in 3e that's that's what I
heard it would be really good entreaty
but it'll be PI like 3d like I don't
care share it puppy boy sucks you'll be
more in the morning
z that sounds good if only ones get
someone to look after the media tomorrow
honey I could not be sick oh yeah are
you going tomorrow oh uh you should take
her on Saturday
that's a good idea Oh what I'll be good
we're taking over taking quests and
you'll wonder media for the weekend and
six dogs oh do you score
hablo work hard play hard work hard and
play hard Dago children one must always
work hard one must always play hard
never work hard too much never play hard
to work work little play hard sounds
better didn't work hard play hard to be
honest or work little play little does
not sound too inviting either speaking
of inviting all I had it happened I got
a contact it by a member of the
friendliest friend community and he said
dear Joe fee jokes cuz I dat bawt
friendly as friend calm and you get home
it I got it guys we got it we as a
community got it
Oh ma'am just email me all the what are
you for real this real life huh that was
awesome you are an awesome friend and
friend friend but I can even see because
it's you dark now but oh my goodness I
was very happy that news let's play a
song and celebratory your relations
wonder what song is is poor celebration
really belong all alone so I'm trying to
do the weekly shop here on Tesco and I'm
trying to figure out like a menu for
next week we never usually stick to like
a set menu or anything at all but it's
just nice to know even just like 5 to 6
meals and including like lunches and
stuff when I'm grocery shopping because
things like this should not happen like
last week I didn't do the weekly shop
we've just been kind of buying like
drips and drabs which is and it's
annoying because I had the moms Club
last Thursday and I always tend to do it
on a Thursday like kind of at the same
time ish and so because that was thrown
in the mix I just completely forgot and
then we I never did a proper like full
weekly shop so I just started doing it
here just planning it some meal options
or meal ideas but it's just it's hard
right because I don't know it's just
it's difficult I never know how much or
how little to get we always seem to
point out of things as well and every
week I'm like okay this week I'm going
to be you know I'm going to take note of
everything that we ate or what we needed
never happen it's always like you always
end up going back for more
my mom got a media some new things she
got these cute kind of brownish leggings
they would be really nice for actually
Thanksgiving for Thanksgiving outfit
that would cute and then these ones
which are from Zara they're really nice
quality like these they're kind of
fleecy on the inside in grey I can't
believe she's this size like this is
huge
what is going on you know my dear friend
it's frozen cold it's a frozen situation
I know what is nothing here it's time to
make some for heaters you've been
terribly busy huh do we have any
friendliest friends from Sweden it's
your name day today in Sweden France how
do you say happy nameday in Sweden
Swedish you Swedish like judge like
German I don't know anyone in Sweden
my cousin Sweden so essentially your
family happy nameday
Amelia's name day and Sweden today not
your name day mm-hmm
all right it's time for food friend look
at looks to of anything like an
aeroplane oh my god careful you could
take off you could be like Icarus don't
fly too close to the Sun uh-oh
SpaghettiOs Makarios oopsies
that's quite amount water you want to go
swimming tonight gonna go swimming
instead of bad time
I'm swimmy time hey you gonna try it in
don't try it it in don't turn it in
whatever you do oh you just gonna eat it
you gonna eat it
oh geez
it's gone it's gone pens it's gone to me
some nice all right let's get you under
dressed you don't want to be overdressed
for the bat on your dress is appropriate
this is a Paris is supposed to open oh
my name is ping booty and y'all know
what a million's embassy in Libya can I
get a reaction
whoo the depth of the bath tonight
please no way you heard it here first
folks it's an exclusive who's your
friend
dangle
I'm not familiar with okay hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
haha
