what you got here what you got there you
can tell you that you gonna share that
with your friends see you no no no it's
not share time
all right breaking him just like for you
she was though for like agents who study
yeah yeah right now you're such a good
girl you like their more than us
do you like the talkies more than us
well it's pouring with them also this is
an issue
so our it's green eggs yeah
after lunch I was like there on my hands
and knees like trying to gather up
everything and I was like this song is
so like if you don't have that even like
I won dog even one that would be the job
yeah but if you don't have a dog and
you're doing baby led weaning like how
do you do it actually if you're going to
do baby anything also get a dog it's
important you need a dog what's crazy
like I don't know what I'd do if we
didn't have dogs I would have to
probably put like a paper tablecloth or
something under they go to restaurants
and stuff yeah you just let go mister
dogs like she's just going her in the
head calling them it's suicide
wicked doggy friends
ah pretty cocky friends feel girl
careful Sabine what the behavior puppies
okay qe we're best friends
here's it - cutie bug Junior get out of
their car like in any room hanging in
his room we want junior wait Junior she
does not she wants a tiny baby yeah okay
for the first few months baby but after
so again like come on that's a couple of
months you love you you know that dance
moved up what it is okay okay
right now officially it looks like I'm
planning to wear this forever I have to
show you guys later
I'm a few embarrassed to show you three
basket in the hall is full tooling if
you don't do one loaded eight eight just
anyone troubling here yeah
one child life yes but that's also cuz
I'm a bit ain't another like I have to
watch everything after I wear it when I
only own one pair of clothes it's not my
car I'm not a part of the problem here
are you giving out free kisses are you
getting have free kisses who's that
you giving kisses gonna kiss daddy pig
oh it's my operatic morning time song I
Faraj and the go coffee under squeak
penny pick Amelia after advent calendar
adventurous so Amelia is now studying
advanced chemistry and physics or as we
like to call putting things inside of
things but that is pretty impressive
friend huh
she just and that herself that wasn't
even encouraged the pink stars are
falling the pink stars are falling
remember that with a dome the aluminous
the glow-in-the-dark stars are falling
huh you're very clever you're a clever
clogs obviously you get that for me
obviously
Bravo
oh my goodness I think I have just
written the friendliest frying sound I
was sitting there with a meeting this
morning while I was playing guitar I was
just kind of like Thunder's me like
since she was pressing and then I just
started singing they're like and then I
was just I was like going like and it's
very dear friend you know cuz I figured
that I kind of knew that the friendliest
friend song was more like you know just
like it's slow acoustic it's not a big
guy to come to burn me you you know cuz
it's kind of like it's got to
incorporate that good cuz like a
friendliest friend is like you just saw
it it's like a lot it's a ballad it's
not even a ballad it's like an
expression a statement of what you know
the mission statement I'm a friendliest
friend kind of thing you don't mean and
he just sort of happened and start
playing and I like this is that back
write it down write it down I was like
on this is so this is so cool so
hopefully I can I can actually you know
Anna's gone away for the weekend so it's
just me and Amelia so you know turning
her nap times I'll try and record some
stuff and I'll try and actually get that
song and turned around I think it'd be
really cool there won't be a fancy music
video or anything like that you know but
it's just about getting like an anthem
the friendliest friend and temed yeah
thank you for really cool you know so
I'm getting ready to film my okay video
this song I'm doing today maple cornmeal
cupcakes um that's what they should look
like except I don't have these in this
country so I'm gonna use pecans instead
that was actually their little tip it's
like sweet success tip for another easy
cartage idea place a pecan half so I'm
gonna do that cuz I don't we don't have
maple leaf candy in fact I've never do I
have heard of it but I don't think I've
ever tried it or I had never seen it
before
to tackle I have to show you guys the
load of one or the the laundry situation
it's pretty embarrassing but I need to
do it for tomorrow because Thursday's is
when our sheets all get changed so the
sheets from last week have not been
washed yet
so let me show you guys so this is the
situation right here how embarrassing is
thought like it goes all the way down to
the ground and this is our you know if
dresser and actually no taller than the
dresser Jonathan was right so that's
really embarrassing and that's only
supposed to be a small laundry basket
that I put there so that we it was like
you know for like socks and underwear
and stuff that you take off at night
instead of going into the hall and
putting it into the main one that's all
that's supposed to be it's not supposed
to be a mean one the main ones fall too
but it's not like over for but it's full
come on guys let's go let's go come on
jeez get in gang's all here
gang's all here hi Theodore right you
know how you see me sucks mom and dad
get in the front seat are you guys
excited to see Amelia who's Amelia three
piles here great but these two are mg
now so that's good little put this up
high fit your monitor that went off
because you pulled it out thank you hey
are you doggy friends here come here
come on oh I missed it she went over to
Nevada instead of petting her and she's
been saying hi to all of them yeah you
say hi say hi Theo hi Bianca
where is Alby ah did you give up your
big kiss big kiss for I'll be hi Alvey
they ruin it don't think they ruined it
all oh you're so cute hey Bianca
is it Treat time for the donkeys was a
gift Anunnaki treat who's gonna get all
that a joke butter he's gonna get a
treat first who wants one who wants one
Cena movies you van hey van
tio hey van here yeah yeah this one
going here yeah girl here they sit sit
sit sit sit back give Newsies one I mean
have movies movies
I've a plate two-thirds of the way full
which you got here
what you got there you've enjoying that
you're gonna share that with your
friends see you no no no it's not share
time
stand up I know Oh
spoonie's spoon time lady you should
stand up to Amelia you need to stand up
stand up for your rights Kate look at
them all the ganging up I won't be able
to hold them back
oh yeah with the whole thing back stand
up get up stand up stand up for your
rights we realize friend have you just
like if I come into - this is a good
chance I'll get some sweets hmm and then
you go into mom and you get some
cupcakes when you went to dad and you
get some chocolate and then you go to
Molly get cupcakes and then dad gets
chocolate that's all you do all day is
it wouldn't you upped it but yet okay
friend let's let's see we give you guys
low sneaky friendliest friends huh holy
maybe attitude a little bit okay I like
that I like that I like a chicken Eric
the iPhone it's nice I wouldn't lie
exactly part of the shop oh okay
so far we haven't gotten very far
probably friend okay so I just finished
filming my video and I'm just gonna
start editing now I mean you guys
watching Peppa my mum said I'm hoping it
gets better by tomorrow because I have
like a girly weekend planned for
Saturday and I was really bored you and
I need to be able to go me too carrots
and peas and all sorts of fundings
huh do you love it Oh would you go away
are you gonna go with okay Karen what
are you doing what are you doing with
that food with that you gonna squeeze
your face in there my rice under the
lens oh well rabbit when
it quick quick quick here comes Amelia
she's gonna get you quick she's gonna
chop everything into the back that is
what you do is she is a little brats all
right nearly full friends look let's put
this under here for fun congratulations
you passed the love test congratulations
you passed the love test that means you
love me do you love me
that means you love me you passed the
love test huh what's going on here
let's go Oh jeepers
oh oh oh I don't meet your father up
whoa
belly flop what the heck was that
you just go belly flop did you just go
belly flop I think you just said belly
flop friend we go oh you're away this
time
yeah here we go here we go here we go
end a blog and a high do it do it do a
blog and anyone go oh
oh that's it you won WrestleMania
74 and me there's the champion oh they
make friends see you tomorrow
don't forget to thumbs up the video and
leave a nice comment coz that's
appreciated
no it's bended evening inside of me
Leah's bellybutton if we can find it
he's gone now we'll go for the air oh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
