yeah
good morning my friend my little
friendliest friend
look at the mess you're making here oh
thank you
oh no oh okay which one goes what oh
okay sorry sorry
Oh done let me just push you in here
first more stable huh whoa tree up
friend
four up Oh Jenga Jenga three one more
come on beat the world record beat the
100 isn't this isn't fair and we did it
what right right right
all right you're gonna get o come pick
up pick up pick up pick up pick up goose
you guys gotta have fun today
huh he's gonna Clarence House get it
gonna go play with Claire today huh
funny I'll be the octopus Oh beers was
wrong purpose good long and shiny
tentacles and you would put those
tentacles around children and the child
would come and feed him his own
testicles no tentacles oh no oh you know
this story has gone terribly wrong
so it's true we're sitting there and I
was trying to buy you the domain I was
like oh my god friendliest friend Kahn
will be an epic domain to have right so
I look it up and it was like two months
ago somebody registered it and I was
like two months ago
dammit but there's nothing on it there's
nothing on the website it's just it's
just Park it's just a parts domain and I
was like did you guys registered honest
make mini mess oh um I think my goofy
voice goofy Oh
Oh goofy Oh goofy goofy goober
come over here friendliest friend night
check it out size small looks good on
prey nose it looks really good on you
seriously that's a size small it's not
even that tight yeah hey that's pretty
good
I know so stupid boy fanfare - girl ones
how am i tried i went on scene it looks
like i mean i like fitted clothing ever
since I became a ripped like a riptide
tastes Alex awesome yes I think our trip
is being canceled oh crap hey guys
oh he just leaped down technically and
have a date
I'm trying to get some pictures done and
for the actual site so when you go to
the site you see what are you doing no
take that off
that looks cool - yard 20 week 20 weeks
pregnant I know you did I wanted to go
to
Jr wanted to go nowhere run from my
heritage
Oh pause from the Big Smoke yeah you're
walking a dougie
you're walking a dog whip them yeah hey
come on girl whose blanket you gonna
walk Bianca Oh newbies ah good choice
good choice movies is the best choice
alright guys you're gonna adventure
movies movies what oh yeah okay be
easier you got it it's okay
doggy didn't escape yeah or doesn't
actually easier for all of them for
transportation the transportation safely
who's giving out Oh Bianca Anubis do
never mix a bank in any way split the
two of them
Oh weird Ana dog
jab up above bounced on big fan that's
on big fat big founders even reprise
reprise it
oh hey when birds like land in the road
right they just like land in the road in
front of you and you're driving along
you're like kind of my way and then they
don't that like Daredevils they waste
they waited I knew gonna like well
should I break and if I waited like I
need time traffic like I did your mom
tell you not to play with traffic so I
feel really really bad about not going
to jump in tonight because I was really
looking forward to it and it just sucks
I wish it wasn't sick if I weren't sick
long ago but I just feel like if I went
to Dublin like if I made the trip today
I would just get sicker and Emilia is
not a hundred percent either so it's
better if we don't go but I'm sad
because I really wanted to go but
anyways so I just finished the doggy
went away I feel kind of silly because
the dogs like don't actually even need
to go away for the night but because I'm
sick and everything and just with
everything that's been going on I'm so
busy I just feel like it's kind of a
welcome break sans so mean because
obviously I love our doggies but they're
gonna get a nice long walk and
everything and I just know they're
they'll be well taken care of so um plus
it's like a little holiday I mean they
love where they're going to so it's nice
I came I saw I conquered
like you said go damn awesome Linkin
Park and jay-z probably the best
collaboration in the world ever
you wanna push the button you know which
one the green one
press the button good girl good girl
push it don't be scared it's okay
remember that thing we were supposed to
go down Saturday the babysitter a
mistake well actually turns out we
actually won an award from it's out so
fortunately you didn't actually turn up
for it so everyone's gonna clap now just
waiting there we go that's like this
thank you thank you there's gonna be no
speech unfortunately but how cool is
that look and it's actual oh yeah
unfortunately Anna and the media won't
be able to have any of that so now let's
take it we'll take a spin out in an AMG
oh my god so I'm sitting here Emilia's
asleep I'm basically like home alone and
all the dogs are gone and I feel so
lonely like it's so weird and as much as
I'm always you know when they're here
I'm always complaining about the dogs I
love them to bits like I would never
ever dream of getting rid of even one I
just I love them all
but I always complain about them and
Jonathan does too we're always like oh
my god painting or whatever that's the
same like you complain about your kids
or you complain about certain things but
then when they're not here you're like
you missed them so much like I okay it's
not that I don't love me huh I love
media but I don't miss her right now cuz
I'm actually thankful that she's asleep
and you know she went down for enough
because she's pretty full out at the
moment but the dogs because they're just
not here and I know I won't see them
until tomorrow I feel like I missed them
so much because I you just get used to
like little bodies hello Adam was in the
house and so when I'm here on my own
it's it's really nice
nobody's messing up my stuff you know
everything's that just weren't supposed
to be and I don't have to keep getting
up and letting dogs that you know to go
pee or anything like that
we're clean up after anybody or think
about you know what they're gonna grab
and chew or whatever but it's so lonely
like it's just not it's not worth that I
would not like to be like this
I need my pets in my life like it's so
weird and now I feel bad because I feel
bad for every single time I've ever
complained then if they were packing in
five minutes I would be complaining
about them again just oh here it is
but I definitely miss them look it's so
empty it's so lonely I won an award for
being stylish oh man I feel I don't want
to get home it's so cool
do you want to tell your friends how
long you slept for do you wanna tell
your friends telling you step four
we're talking for hours brokes oh oh
straight away straight away first you
know straight to work straight to work
thank you very much and the next one
please thank you very much okay that was
the price actually the price of freedom
was a Peppa Pig and and a musical dog
that was the price of freedom and you
paid it you paid the price of freedom
mmm
who's that you kissing daddy Fagin Zoe
zebra probably like it's very empty here
you know if your daddy do you have good
dogs probably and Nicole's now time in
our lives
Bianca is noted she wanted TM reward if
hey do my face hey she should have cone
and collected it okay thank you
everybody
we decided put it here turns out Anna is
actually low on iron she does not pump
on so you're having some steak
like a big dirty filthy me cheesesteak
eat dinner thing don't let I got you
don't get you you're kissing her in the
bum
you're a bum kisser okay don't snip one
feels like I'm gonna pull up your leg
this week drawer was open when we say
sweets we're talking about like the
organics off things Ella's kitchen
you gonna swap out the swap and daddy
pig in zebra when you're pacing Emily
who's popping it out for she's opening
it oh what's the next phase of the
operation oh you want that don't we -
open the for you yeah hey juice the red
one oh you need a big girlfriend hold on
we see a bib
hold for bib
no I said no it's not open it no it's
not open yet wait wait come back here
wait wait go back before yen's
dctp dgtp phone Ian it's the phone Ian
it's not ciccone inexp phone Ian alright
so we're cooking up a phony and I'm a
little slightly he's like super tin
these are these cool sort of sweet -
sweet peppers I'm gonna add in some of
this stuff here just duck lips nothing
in writing it into soy sauce and some
soy sauce that's the name of this oh my
god smell amazing
now it's so good so good I got you miss
me you miss Alvie is that why you're
picking on lv1 don't move don't lose
them Amina's boss
oh oh oh it's a mommy monster it's a
mommy monster no mommy monsters coming
hey mommy once is gonna get you the
watch is gonna get you I said oh you've
got your Tesco bag in your car there you
going shopping
the standoff oh yeah baby she's got long
enough legs although she is a small fry
like this your try friend you can use
your feet it's like the Flintstones
okay all aboard
no no it's like no no it's just not
right that's just that right oh no no
okay we're just trying to everything now
army set the plan yeah Oh bro little
buds he's soon will replies pepper then
you'll know what he wants huh later they
take baby Alexander out in his buggy
this is disguises pepper can you say sky
googoo gah-gah says baby Alexander this
guy is where rain comes from can you see
rain continues pepper
hurray puddles everybody shouts together
and I taught him to say it say pepper
Bradley puddle says baby Alexander he ha
ha he the end the end end night night
guys
see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joely - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
