waiting on me good morning and welcome
aboard definitely gonna be late if you
start next definitely gonna be like if
you start this harvest festival friends
very excited and meeting it while we're
singing about cauliflower there's gonna
be that is gonna make that's gonna be
fun
yeah we're young free and single keep
run over a bird Oh over to me like to
make is that the fun camera you know you
know who's gonna be he's gonna be the
shot you could just get a tripod I could
get try for the table is here whoa oh oh
we may remain remain hey hope you
enjoyed this video
all right we survived that crazy car
journey thought you guys had flown off
out the window that goal is just you and
me that's the fun part
did you finish bendy ball I'm most
looking forward to I'm in a book tour
it's just like hanging out with you
again and like I'm like going like you
know we're like you know going to the
services and eating Donuts room at that
time Who am I gonna do RSPCA Tino the
donuts just like okay just a fun time
just you and me again it's just for last
like I don't know six months to a year
she's need so much intense just a parent
you know united front twisty leg hey I
don't have to steal anymore cuz I
figured I roll no yeah yeah yeah the
diesel
I think it's I belong like I think
everyone has the one key like they're
just very skinny you usually just twist
yeah
do you have any idea to get her
you
good morning and welcome to this video
presentation yeah hi hi hi Alessia did
you have a nice news look he's got
bell-bottoms and she's ready mm-hmm
she just woke up for her first nap of
the day moves it in a snap and a package
has arrived for Anna a very exciting
package when I bring it up yeah
I'm gonna put you someone for a minute
scooch in here for a minute really is
quite heavy what do you think this is an
idea huh oh oh
from the youtubes ooh hey yours came
with a personalized letter mine even
come with a little love heart letter
like this look and a second a
congratulations and suppressing one B
really are subscribers we now have two
gold flecks and for silver plaques who
is the writer from Vivian are you gonna
put it oh yeah my journal for the
imaginary has it has look at this
this is 8 years on YouTube there's like
speck sort of like look at the sides it
that one the old one the new one they
made it a lot smaller and then luck the
newer silver buttons on the frontiers
friend Channel you know I mean but like
that's crazy
time for an OOTD are you guys enjoying
Anna's new vlog videos this is my
comeback comeback this is my comeback
comeback but it's catchy tune to what a
well I tell you what it was it's really
good because it was like a fly yeah what
happened you ate food yeah breakfast and
you had love
honestly snacks yeah I'd like hated me
yeah and who calls me Francisca ah
burn I started talking doubt Tom nails
the Tom Tom nail polishes when I need to
go oh she needs to go and cook food
writer okay but yeah the story elderly
what it's called a silencer the Lingus
toes
you should watch on his videos for
formatted content I mean I can take a
day off and I'm just picking up a duardo
from school and right outside the school
there's a dead squirrel on the road and
I have to drive over it like it's not my
tires but you know what I mean like I
had to go over it to basically get up
the road and I'm just praying that
Eduardo doesn't see it because I don't
want it to spark a discussion but I just
don't want of but that was really sad I
just feel like stuff like that is just
so sad like that must have just happened
like this morning
oh why do you think like that make me
sad I don't even know and they always
have like ever since I was a child but
they still do I feel like it would be
weird if it didn't like I don't know
like it doesn't like a factor as to my
day or anything but I'm just like how
like if that didn't affect like if that
didn't make you sad that would be weird
I feel like anyway I am kind of like
going through a phase with my hair this
always happens to me especially after
having a baby where I just want to cut
it all off but I'm not going to because
I swore to myself that I wouldn't go
there just open that gate I swore to
myself that I wouldn't this timer and I
was like no way am i cutting my hair and
I told my hairdresser I told Alex I was
like if I asked you to cut off on my
hair you're not to do it like don't
listen to me so I'm having those
thoughts right now I'm just like how
much better would it be little short but
actually it's easier when it's long
after having babies and I'll tell you
why
when it's long you can whip it up in a
bun or a ponytail easily but when it's
short it always has to be styled so that
was actually a mistake that I made after
having kids like after having the babies
I felt like cutting it short would be
easier but actually it does kind of make
it harder in a way because it just looks
crap if it's not styled whereas I can
get away with with one hair I can get
away with it not being styled all the
time even though I do like when it's
styled so I'm trying to get out of this
funk of like feeling like I need to chop
all my hair it's just annoying me it's
like irritating me right now but it's
just today like tomorrow if I cut it
today tomorrow I'd love it for a day and
then tomorrow I would look on Instagram
and there would be tons of pictures of
people like all these girls with really
luscious long locks and I'd be like I'm
not gonna do it so she can see that I
because like when imagining she cuts in
back and she head and reminds me that
before ya know who's gonna know you can
awake her say good because the house is
shaped like this I don't know what that
is you think I wish I think I wish I did
I already say something in Irish then I
guess I'm walking okay
say something in Italian yes you do me
but the rcent yeah
you can kind of do it me camel and well
I'm not that big enough yeah but I bet
you next year you'll be able to you have
to keep practicing cake so we are
outside school and we are waiting cuz
its water is going to rugby and he has
this new rugby Warner monster water yeah
it's not rugby water it's just general
school water
can you believe guys we are its mature
in a couple of days its major it is it
is a bit harder than expected isn't it
this began it's supposed to be a who
brought this guy who brought this guy
yeah you know Eduardo's parent teach me
and they said that it was very funny we
said you're funny yeah you're funny oh
wait you press things your oppressor you
know that your oppressor
why do you press everything why do you
press everything I I
you like pressing these alright we are
home from rugby but I got a delivery
guys I got a delivery and I've made also
a terrible mistake I haven't seen this
yet it was oh my goodness oh my goodness
I'm not sure why it is a toolkit in the
front of it okay you are you ready for
this guys are you ready for this do you
see this I don't know if you need to
commute when you see the scale here ok
can you can you can you ok so what's in
here property of WH Smith oh well W hey
what's inside here you can probably what
is it I'll wait lift here to open oh
very good
wait it's not gonna open yeah
Emilia look what's in here look at this
you know what this is this is all the
books that I have to sign I have to sign
all of these books guys because okay I
was like when we started doing the book
tour I thought it was cool and that's
the tickets were coming in you guys were
supporting us I was like this is so
amazing that you guys are supporting us
thank you so much for everybody
we saw that the whole show and then I
was like release more tickets release me
release more tickets you guys like
bought them and you guys support us and
I love you and thank you so much for
that then I got a call and they were
like hey Jonathan you know you have to
sign every single book under for the
book tour and now I have thousands
thousands guys so then you guys can sign
my signature for me and want to come
over and help you out but seriously I
appreciate so much guys look this is
insane this is insane like it is insane
guys oh my goodness oh my goodness the
companies in each box literally in every
box Oh what you could sell them in the
playground they're so cool they're so
cool shiny
oh my goodness guys and seriously Amelia
Amelia tank - boys and girls at home
thank you so much to everybody that's
what this has been a dream of mine for
years guys you know I mean I couldn't
have made this book without your support
I couldn't imagine spoke with that
Francesca Garcia Oh
who is amazing a satyr quor'toth owner
without Egmont my publishing team's
inspiration couldn't have done it
without Anna great wife couldn't see I
couldn't have done what I didn't you
guys we all as a team guys have done
this thing this is the greatest thing
I've ever done in my life apart from
eight years of love and you guys and all
the children and my marriage you know
what I mean it's the greatest thing I've
ever published I'm gonna be a published
author in a couple of days guys does it
make you wanna be able to go into shops
right and like oh what's this about
what's this book about oh man
but now I have to sign in order look
okay look what happens can you guys sign
my name my any chance no look what it is
the cut in that book is here guys what
okay guys but I think you sequence I
didn't have dinner okay
all right let's bring this inside and we
need to start signing okay guys oh my
goodness this is literally gonna take us
I think also also I think I only have
about a week dissipate all of these as
well guys thank you so much for your
support I love you
