like achieving a little friendliest
friend t-shirt huh I like your t-shirt
friend whoa
so a small girls top fits a one-year-old
essentially
good morning my friend my friend Lee is
Friendly's dog he is friendly is friend
you enjoying you just you have my cheese
tastic time yeah don't splash it splash
splashing I'm having a bad delivery jeez
Bob cop cop cop cop cop cop oh just a
dannhenry juice his favorite thing to do
in the morning is to get a big gulp just
like what's the juice of JHE when i open
the fridge and like shakes it she comes
running she's like just um just Alan
Juicy Lucy you know walk around the
house for you juice in your hand shake
you juice tell him who you're working
for
well whoa mmm
I mean it's having quite the fun this
morning so you see the trail of
destruction doesn't end there doesn't
end there to the friends yeah bud huh
you havin fun there you friends like
that food Oh welcome
why he's going on here huh he who are
you hyping up the dogs I'm so excited
how we're gonna digits oh okay I didn't
know if I playing at you it's like are
you just excited in general as we chew
comments like they are going to be
available internationally anywhere on
planet Earth
that one's the friendliest friend he
should will be able to get them there
are going to be a limited supply run
because I'm probably only going to put
them for sale for two weeks and for the
first week once the first week is over
then I'm going to go and put those ones
through the ones that one to the first
week and we'll get them printed and you
said they will get you for Christmas and
then the second week there's a smaller
there's a small risk involved if you buy
it in the second week that you may not
get it for Christmas if you live in
Australia anywhere outside of Europe you
know I mean there will be a small risk
so if you're outside of Europe and you
want to get it before Christmas
definitely jump in for the first week
and I were we're building a website at
the moment I get on again who's the god
of all things graphical and design he's
put together our website for me so cute
this is the limit
oh you're so cute looking this is a
double print and you see yours yeah it's
quite not too bright colors are they
both doable the boom for double yeah
yeah both are the same
okay so cool again uh-huh you ready yes
you go ma'am don't take a wrapper why
because they just get in there ever good
I need it like that
would you think yeah you can have a look
at the guys one printed yeah yeah yeah
it's so apprentice no no isn't that so
cool he's a small name that's a small
men's one yeah I thought I'd try to
mondo you can trying to grow this one so
cool though isn't it well this is what
we were talking about with her what I
think we might do instead of actually
signing the t-shirts right we'll get it
cards printed and then they'll tag the
cards to be hanging obviously you get a
special card and then you don't have to
worry about t-shirt being signed you get
to keep the card unsigned cuz they're so
nice looking and I know it's bad but
then I still want to make it special so
I was like what if we got cards fringes
and she said she can include that in the
shipping and we can put the little cards
in here that are signed individually by
us it's not so cool little coconut happy
I know yeah it's awesome really good sex
that's morning juice
teacher is the best are you a single
star or a double star I've always been a
double straw what are you I have another
liar don't listen to her rage of claims
meet is gonna be a double strong now I
converted her I need to walk a bad time
I don't think you can write their
friends I'm gonna try it's closed
can't steal them Oh
as a joke joke looks like I like this
it's fitted really really well huh what
do you think of my t-shirt friend huh
it's fit I think it's I think it's
really fitted really well like it's
really good like I have am i quite like
everybody you know my big shoulders and
normally I find he's really hard to fit
them but yeah like it actually and this
is this is a size small this is a size
small for guys I think it's really cool
again
huh imma friendliest friend I would
totally wear this I think it's really
cool that was one thing I really wanted
to make a design that you guys would
wear and actually like no really enjoy
it like hanging pretty cool but we
change look we put the Saucony Jolie
thing in here Leslie already computer
look we actually put and that's actually
me blocking in the computer thing and if
you're a little surprises in there well
you know giving is cool and I want to
see what your looks like you know it's
not she that long
you know he's really nice he's a high
collar but I didn't think I'd like it
actually
actually yeah I just like I like short
sleeve what are you a bringing his
friend as soon as he can't get over to
quality this shirt it's actually my new
favorite shirt I'm actually just gonna
walk around wearing this t-shirt all the
time now
oh I hate to take it out of the package
go I think it's kind of messed up a
little bit I'm gonna see I don't know if
I can I'm gonna see if I can get Justin
because this is a small female so I'm
gonna see if we can get this on to
Amelia and try and get a photo of her
where's she going
well come here to me now friends where
are you off to
where you off to what that's what are
you doing huh Bianca Navy Navy Ninon
name baby
name any new nuns where you going friend
list huh it's closed it's closed for
business it's closed for a business
teacher
it's closed for business DNR Navy huh
huh
what isn't avail put up with you huh
come on Fred you want a snack you want
us Nicki be snacky snack then we pop
whoa whoo now it's three steps whoa you
gotten rain you gotten very quick it
doesn't get a better quickness in you
hmm
and the rid of the old quickness in you
what what do you want what do you want
huh huh get your own t-shirt
I just thought minion looking at the
t-shirt if I'm like hey cuz it's fun
it's funny funny funny Oh
someone didn't make it somebody got
locked in those clothes huh that was
close oh-ho-ho no bear didn't make it
sorry Nevaeh will come collect you
tomorrow
oh goodness in this code this this goes
on for hours hours upon hours she runs
up and down the stairs you know what
it's brilliant because it makes her
tires are out and then she wants to go
sleepies which is oh you okay
Oh Tina got a clatter gave her a clatter
huh huh beat you in jail you guys want a
teeny tiny sneak peek at the sights you
were building a sight especially just
yeah
do these t-shirts and stuff and then
eventually I don't know you'll be fine
if we can do it you know we're talking
about it and we're like what am i cool
to have like a friend is friend like
community a forum I may be like a chat
room and then something where the videos
go directly to it you know I know you
can do all that but it's just the time
to do it you know but you already cool
anyway come on tiny little sneak peek
pinkies go on so this is what the site's
gonna ask cities what this is gonna look
like and then it's got loads of like fun
stuff in here but how awesome is this
gonna be huh
oh my goodness what is going on here
who's in there who's under there it was
under there yeah I got fish you ain't
nobody there oh my goodness my mom comes
down and sees the mess you have made
from soon
and see some less you have made huh
Melia right um it finally happened lads
oh that would be quite hard of trenee
just use your hand
no it's finally happened nice we're
finally we're gonna have to do it we're
gonna have to do it or we can just get
takeout forever oh thank you very much
do you want some oh you've got one for
yourself there oh nice one each mm-hmm
did we get one each Oh
two for me uh-huh thanks very much
friend thank you very much
hey you know really cool put this on you
oh my goodness come here to me come on
can I do here yeah can we
that's the bin friend I put it I put
your teacher like achieving your little
friendliest friend t-shirt huh I like
your t-shirt friend whoa
so a small girls top fits a one-year-old
essentially
and it's also functional it also cleans
the floor good send it back to front and
it's a little like breakfast egg frying
pan and even though you had it for that
it'll have to do now that they're for
walkies gun depending up for like three
years or something like that
finally you finally gave in it's kind of
working
just when I add two vegetables and stuff
it's gonna be a it's going to be quite a
tight situation nice they look juicy
crunchy and intensely sweet delicious
stuff as tough-ass I'll make terrifies
but what you did over your friendliest
oh you're a Britney Oh - my daddy and
your birthday how did you go did you
know I did it with our little fake
frying pan there you go it's a fake
dinner it's not real it's made or a fake
frying pan looks pretty good doesn't it
yummy what do you think friend
fortunately i'm melia didn't get the
rice plate shorted tobago the baker
butter bagel bought her what happened
a vivo Potter weren't being cool bananas
babies what somebody fell asleep during
dinner and got himself a faithful of
yogurt yogurt Oz a yogurt yogurt face oh
look at you had a spoon huh she asked
for it did she yeah it's boom ah shakily
yeah yeah
mom's gonna put you in the back that is
to get I'm gonna go ahead right but I'm
gonna wear my friend his friend t-shirt
it's probably freezing but she's gonna
walk her into light what's up what's up
well this this thing what just a friend
that's all
driving along with my friendliest friend
t-shirt on in the mommy mobile hello
little troublemaker my need Ewing
can we come here we have to take a bath
somebody doesn't want to take a bath
somebody is trying to convince mommy
that she doesn't she thinks gonna
daddy's not here she's like maybe it's
not having one oh he left the tower that
already
oops oh well we'll do two towels well
they're two towels look at you nice buns
look at that
don't you want to place all your toys
5008 he'll test drive in the friendliest
we have to pick up some stuff for Amelia
because myself Hannah our pedaling up to
Dublin tomorrow
but um yeah burn his friend on the Dave
you are testing good girl yeah you
figured it out
he's in here okay so daddy didn't put up
her net properly last time good girl and
tidy them all away here hi hi Peppa Pig
this girl just realized she had Peppa
Pig on her PJ's Oh golly come on where's
your books Oh where's your books your
pucks yeah book which book do you want
pick one good girl
clever like the Bing bong song and all
that okay you'll have that one one more
Oh Incy Wincy Spider okay okay come on
up to mommy look how Christmassy my hand
looks like cool all the lights and stuff
on dough can't the candle acting booming
bong Bing bong Bing bong goo hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
