that Mommy Kissing on me give mommy kiss
see mmm you don't like kiss mommy that's
your uncle's hmm no that's you you're
giving kisses I just came in and she was
like well actually I was in here and I
just looked over and she was like mmm
and I think it started because of this
one this one here because she's got
elephants in that kissing book an
elephant kiss is like this there's
something and it's like a mommy and a
baby I think that's what started it off
because I looked over and that's what it
was up it's that funny rainy sunny
situation on so we got invited tomorrow
night to go to the hi 2013 styl Awards
stuff that's me actually they modeled
this picture off me it's pretty cool is
I was like food and the big award show
and stuff like that
and people there and self an absolutely
yeah that's gonna be fun tomorrow night
media unfortunately I won't be able to
attend
see that bit the other day when I came
home
oh my god I must repay that about 10
times like before it was like we'd have
these other moments and you capture a
moment every year and again you go like
wow now it's like what Amelia it's like
every day is like oh my god you see what
you did is now I don't you see that you
see this you see that and there's like
it's just amazing it's like all the time
I just can't even imagine what its gonna
be like to have to oh speaking of to you
guys here but Judy's tactical girls oh
my goodness huh
Benji's gonna have been she's gonna like
move into a little a little side room in
the house to get away the girls so he's
essentially going to become been jjigae
all year round
well alright so I think news though
isn't it did Kelly pull you down without
stressing you what was he thinking well
is he thinking Thank You Diane event oh
you want to go meows oh come here look
at this pretty girl you're giving you
toys tell me yeah I like your top
straighten it's nice and stripping book
painting the book poor thing I'm kind of
a bit concerned because I was just
dressing her and you noticed like three
or four little spots on her leg they
looked like chickenpox or something but
I don't think there's any way she could
have got me chickenpox
she's vaccinated up today she just needs
one more in about like two days or so
do it something like that but they're
just like here on her thigh and leg and
I mean her cheeks of being a red I
thought that was just the teething you
okay are you doing
Miami Miami like afraid of her so he's
just giving you her toys hi say good boy
say I think it might be too late for it
to be the minimis older than me me
sure whatever they said that that can
happen after her last vaccination but
she said that would happen like a week
after everything I think so I think this
is pretty late so we'll see I'm gonna
show Jonathan what well aren't you full
of the chat footage at today you're
gonna you're gonna jump down there you
got cupcake stickers there's a donkey
friend out here
she let this doggy friend in oh hi hi
there no I don't have anything of
interest
you're getting better at the kisses I'm
almost a professional kisser
I give a kiss appeal
huh okay kisses aw man oh they kiss
Bianca
decided to make some chicken burgers
like to merge it where am this tasty CD
roll I thought this would be nice but a
little bit of Kilmeade um what do you
think we think kill Medan bread roll
Ciccone and burger what's going on over
here no issues here can you put them in
the bin you gave me the wet side down
the media's being she's just washing her
cupcakes that was so funny when you were
in Lars and AM you saw Amelia climbing
into the dishwasher no that's what kids
do they give away all the secrets you
know you go with your friends that's
like it's like no I Toto what they're
talking about and she can't talk you can
imagine when she talks the secret she
will reveal okay I'll have to check -
all the footage what can I do this
what's this can i this thank you very
much
look it close together look friend look
friend but what's mystical about st
feast it's friday feast lads Friday
calories don't count
that's the rule that's why we have
so genuinely excited what what is this
and this what are you doing what do you
know
well what am i last time you sipped on
the plate now it's time to find out oh
my goodness what happened to mine Rome
Revolution let's put the blinds down
goodbye by daytime bye bye daytime it's
TV time daytime what do you laugh come
on Amelia let's find out I happen to
mine Rome and miles miles Madison thank
you oh thank you
well aren't you a helpful Henry
for them don't stand on the dog now do
you have the keys
did you remember to bring the key did
you mean the key with you I don't think
tio is the key well pal just getting
ready just preparing you for a pizza
party important to be dizzy pfft pfft
pfft pfft pfft like to tell you about
our pizza party Friday night I think I
won a prize I think I won a prize but to
my surprise my nails don't work I cannot
see what I won tell me what I want you
super duper woo but anyway just squirt
its back time back time
what you gonna do what
gonna do when the bag goes for you I
mean what's he doing
can't you Peppa I'll be on are we going
you gonna ring back before a walk bring
them back before a walk huh that was
good to bring your Peppa friends for a
walk it's very important it's a very
important process now write what they
expect
what do you owe mommy might not be
impressed all aside pepper for me things
mama may not be impressed now what
you've done here that's a big one now
for ones from the Fonz
hey Fonz that's a big one I'm not sure
it's bit up a big one oh it's a heavy
one do you want to read about jr. what
to expect in junior comes let's see
where are we
dopplers no ok ok let's go let's go oh
you can't squeeze that into me
how many keeps your house how much
cheese mouthful of titties you're like
mono Tootsie friend tutti frutti oh geez
whoa whoa the monster has arisen thank
you pick tonight which book do you want
you want my mommy and I kissed like this
I think those ones are your favorite
right now I think she was taking all the
ear cleaners out they're not really here
the q-tips they're like the baby safe
ones and she was putting them in her
ears it was so funny
they're like the big ones that you can't
really fit in like it doesn't go any
anywhere but it was so funny because she
knew exactly what to do with them she's
like pudding but like taking them out
one by one I'm putting them in her ear
can't read a book okay come on a giraffe
kiss is gentle and tall like this a
mouse kiss is quick and small like this
fish kiss is fizzy and bubbly like this
Oh My look everybody is kissing
now there's only one kiss missing you a
kiss like this do it again hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
