three five three four yeah
give me five yeah
yeah yeah what what what look hmm media
loves her breakfast juice
um she's giving it away to someone now
Oh any careful give you juice dalbi
don't give your juice to Alby do not
throw that yes
he's okay he's okay I'll be gutsy Oh
drawn attention to yourself so mom is
upstairs getting ready for it's a cup
for moms and dads aren't invited
Oh what are you getting your hand what's
this oh it's my name place for my
sister's wedding brilliant who knows
oh my goodness guys thank you so much
everyone that like um I know this is
like two days later but I just looked at
the video I was like 20,000 thumbs up
helic is insane oh my god thank you so
much thank you for being excited as
excited as we are you know I mean it's
like it was crazy like everyone all day
long was so excited and Twitter himself
and I was like it just makes it so feel
really partisan you know he may really
part of this family this community that
we have so am I really means a lot you
know I come like that's that's very cool
you know I'm it's only a couple of
months so we actually get to see a job
jokes jr. ah six I see the little junior
little jokey junior millions purchase
ready oh no it's not you put it on for
me do it again for 40 the process so it
doesn't overflow and the other thing was
down t-shirts um the girl I'm working
when I get out oh my oh my goodness guys
she came up with a design and
kind of splashed here last night hmm
it's probably the best teachers you're
ever gonna see in your life no jokes no
jokey jokes
exit your videos seriously it's amazing
um hopefully if I can get the proof to
unknown today I'll try and show you guys
today
fight it like covers everything pizza
parties and the dogs and conquers every
element of us house like on how did you
do that
genius what what is that mommy's phone
did you steal mommy's phone you gonna
miss me at Moms Club handle ball oh good
for me ah so for me thank you thank you
oh no what's going on want that whoa hey
said also for me ah thank you
so I'm here at Moms Club and um my
friend and I are bullying our other
friend because she does not eat she has
like a rule that she does not eat mince
pies until her Christmas tree has done
up so I want to know when do you guys
have your first mince pie because we
have them here they've been placed
strategically in front of my one friend
she's refusing to eat them when do you
guys have your I think I usually wait
for like Christmasy things until after
Thanksgiving but people in our end don't
side with Thanksgiving so I'm just like
a weirdo but I usually wait um but yeah
let us know leave comments media is
playing with some toys she's like yeah
she's like completely in her element
because of all these new toys and we had
some lovely quiche I brought some
cupcakes too so yeah let us know the
mince pie
three in the bed and lengthy one said
roll over roll over
cannot believe you just rolled over when
I said that nutty's German wouldn't
media did that bro oh my goodness she
was so slow just yesterday
I'm trying some lunch though new all new
oh Sh oh yeah I got some in this beer
today
whoo salami from left left left left
get rocket nitin toggle of Khafre Newton
whiskey smack salami a smack in their
coffin lift Frank said cadet oh yeah
Oh No hola chorizo spolanos dala dala
dala been out tonight oh so as I used to
change up your omelet situation but also
got some lucky eggs bacon lovely eggs
take it loads and loads ahead in lovely
egghead alright then you can just gonna
use the old river view ah I get my
review here immediate spend another
dishwasher to empty what it's supposed
to be filled immediately top course
you're such a good cake you okay yeah
doesn't she that's renewed worried my
mom taught her there she put something
somewhere inches there yeah lon my mom
was Oh babysitting her utter the words
there yeah uh no no no for not don't
show people that we didn't have a host
is for you washer don't don't tell don't
tell anybody
that's must be sick
oh my god charges come in there yeah
and the dogs - Jonathan ya know cuz the
dogs go in with her it's at least a
stroke this dirty don't stop me now cuz
I'm having such a good time just having
the crack with the lads they're all
looking at me they're all looking at and
they're making faces another thing here
they're making faces at me cuz I said
would you like some Torito would you
like some Teresa guys alright where's
there was the Caniff oh nope Tara who I
made a certain teacher I donned his
sword memory impressive sword
good boy Albie kick it and run good girl
you know oh my god they're biters
they're biters Bianca
today up movies T oh wait a second the
mats don't work out what did somebody
get - I don't know who got two though
Cena did you get one uh-oh uh-oh
we have a problem look at you man two
dogs I own like seriously amigos I
have I can sing oh it's so much fun it's
so much fun
oh you'll love me you'll love me I'll
give you more salami love me who loves
me ah so we're just home from Mom's club
and amelia was wrecked she's always so
wrecked afterwards which is really good
because you know I I just take her there
completely destroying her because she is
about her energy playing with the other
kids and everything and it's so nice but
then when we come home it means that I
get a break because she goes straight to
sleep so usually fall asleep straight as
soon as we get in the car and so I
picked her up
the remnants here I like picked her up
and she was still in her coat and I had
to try and like put it back into the or
put her into the her crib and might take
off her coat and then I had to take off
her shoes and her bow and everything so
this code is so cute though my friend
said she looks like a little old lady
going to mom in a May swing do I just
give it her and not push it and then see
suit she does why she might be able just
suck it out
no way yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy
yummy
or is it tear look let's take a little
tear okay get that wonderful tear geez
that's a heartbreaker look at that's it
never fake she's so cross does tio need
soap kappa boom yeah okay you're sure
okay you want ears
yeah always you can scrub and scrub
everywhere I'm professional washer oh
I'm gonna to them by that's gonna be
hilarious
maybe Amelia can wash dopey dogs jr. you
gonna wash Juna what do you do do you
yeah children I think we should even
brilliant prime bringing to you the best
news huh Duke Boog what do you think
mean every let it hit me Amelia should
name him okay now you can't put that
back in your mouth no never again it's
done forever well they did it again
folks they did it again frosted fancies
there's a fancy for every season no it's
okay she didn't notice the monster
didn't notice
the monster didn't you just look at her
just walk around clapping around but you
have frosted fact these look at white
ones get out of there man white mr.
Kipling you yourself on fire fire
fire as you guys done himself went work
so change of plan Emilia has the
sniffles still and we just thought it
was best if Amelia and I stay home how
friends maybe next year or maybe we'll
fly to New York and we can go to
Rockefeller Rock them ah what what did
you say now if you say you want to go
inside and watch dad's clothes put it
inside watch dad's clothes so what you
want to do hmm
yeah whoa oh you're cutie cutie patootie
so we made it dad I got us here I
thought I was fixing everything hanging
all that is you don't freeze to death
don't you have a gingerbread house and
they have a Christmas eternal life and
never like crazy
we're but greener Pensacola's up legit
cold and looks so good looking is there
I this might be my last vlog ever by the
way because I'm going to try and vlog a
nice games and I'm probably all work
singing to work will just get a little
dinner penguin over there a penguin is
like a baby slow
I cut about Amelia shirt bottom II oh
I'm gonna go to the baby stuff though
then I'm ready hi boy how are you you're
pressing you too fast when they like
tipper RT 2 1 2 3 hey come hug me
hahahahaha he's so funny when I sing the
songs not right go ahead do it again
you're interrupting my song how are you
don't leave I'm a friend a light to bed
I'll teach you one two three sleepy
happy angry bear hey hey you ruined my
song alright we got in now we're trying
to get the skates on get your skates on
I like a penguin thing I don't do me
look oh no that's me there that's why I
look like
I'll tell you one thing let's have you
come here bring extra layers ok I'm
going to try to rate all of this before
important crime news board ok cookie
wear gloves check safety equipment
available right cameras and music
players equipped forgot that part I move
on to putting on part so heavy
oh the footings weird walkin chop chop
chop suey okay I'm gonna get up and
trying to walk
nice they're so cool again okay so much
righteous
like I'm walking like
let's go
here we go hey come and hug me hahaha
did it did it did it did it do it do it
oh hey what are you doing why you
shaking your head
why are you oh I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get ya I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get ya I'm gonna getcha
I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna getcha I'm
gonna getcha I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna
getcha life ruiners okay go at some
point
can get low at some point
that's about it if you cold run to the
thing
look at you professional professional
here we go he's gonna be our corner
let it go
Oh
you survived
yeah the Koran
penguins dark get out of there last
night just before bedtime hmm a media
bumped her
we had the drawer from underneath her
crib open and she bumped her she likes
lips when I was putting lotion on her
and I think she heard her OTT I don't
even know where she fell but she hit the
corner of the drawer and I was like are
you for real bye bye it's like every
single time she gets over a bruise or
fades or whatever she trips again or she
falls or she slips or it's just like
part and parcel of being a toddler I
think but it's annoying I'm like oh my
god are you serious
you are just she looks like she got in a
fight or something but uh-oh uh-oh
SpaghettiOs
I basically pushed my feet
25 keifa yeah do you fight yeah do fine
yeah good girl can you fight yeah give
me fine dad yeah gimme five hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
