now has your spoon in there and you just
spoon it up in there huh you've any idea
how your spoon ended up in there I could
it welcome Gabrus Oh
oh thank you thank you
Ria's help me empty the treasure
oh she's headed to sis is that oh my
goodness where does it go
there but anyway I was standing here
this morning that she handed me all the
cutlery
I'm start putting it away it was so cute
I did while I was distracted by that I
turned on the coffee machine and I never
put a cup underneath it you can't come
right here
see you later friends my daddy
see you later friend bye-bye daddy Oh
driving along and daddy mobile and I've
got some puppies with me now her go to
drop them into
a little bit everywhere what is going on
here what are you gonna break it
oh my god of all the places she could go
shoot I found her watching Peppa in her
little go-cart thingy car I don't know
you you're like a little mushroom or
something you just squished in there is
that Xena we found it in January
yesterday by the way I'm so excited I
feel like I'm still on a high from
yesterday honestly the javis of all
bunch the groomers I'm baking cupcakes
today it's Wednesday I'm gonna attempt
to do a video even though it's probably
gonna take it seems it's raining I'll
come to the underground car park for
Tesco turns out everybody else is the
same idea so now there is like so much
traffic in here it's insane trying to
get a spot oh my spotter spot I spot a
spot ass bodies body spot look at that
spot there look at it look at it there
look at that looking at me it's
encouraging me to go into it wants to be
it wants me to go into it
hello spot are it's an extra long one as
well perfect for my long fellow Johnny
long fellow as it a quarry quick Amelia
put away the Sunny's yeah he's home
daddy's home she stole his Sunny's we've
been climbing stairs that's what she's
been doing going up and down stairs I'm
trying to teach her like what Jonathan
said to go down cuz it's safer you know
I'm just scared of these titles they
freak me out that's why we practice
right
yeah you gonna open up oil good morning
again my little friendliest friend hi
look at her huh I could hear your
rustling around opening curtains wanna
see the world you must see the world
there you go
what do you think of it what do you
think it or else huh my little donkey
says one friend hmm like your Esther
friend
nice nice moves
you gonna end stairs hmm hmm squishy
cheeks just watchin Oh what you mean
when you slide on me slide down
I think he's more excited about the
dishwasher actual batter thank you well
we'll just put it back and we'll just
close and so over for fun just for fun
this one's even with this fancy fancy
Melia video sister want it you want it
didn't want it you're this way okay like
the cream cheese yeah
oh thank you thank you oh thank you oh
geez I think I have to stand here and
accept all these gifts Oh Peppa thank
you Moodle oh hello copies made now you
know something to go with my coffee
who is that ice cream hmm which one
should I pick I'm drawn to this one ah
lads would you look at that now is hold
me back and guard yeah right let's have
a taster please test I'll just break a
bit off the edge here we go folks
oh my god it's like dinner in the Apple
enjoy with the frosting icing yeah
personally I have issues but I'm it it's
also good stuff that was in Emma's birth
oh well then definitely not all right
but then just have it like this if you
like I like dry food just have like that
it's like a muffin I move on
hmm well I'm have it right in a second
anything no you can have an extra dollop
I see what are you doing
oh you putting your stuff away okay you
man in times you'd be looking for things
right in the house you can't find em you
just find stuff and press look it is
poisoning but I found her toys in the
box in the dog stuff the other day there
there mom okay
she's looking there okay good good nice
and can share it okay you're falling on
top of me what eating I did you did some
sort of a coma which is like falling
asleep while eating or something this is
that good okeydoke ease in lower
payments they're accepting air newbies
buy newbies see you next month
hello everyone hello everyone
do y'all have a good time do you guys
all have a good time huh my LD Cox V Cox
oh I only think it's funny if you can
steer - this place is right beside a vet
and there's always people in the waiting
room and you're always like watching
bring one dog - and then like three and
they're like oh my god - for they're
like five and they're like what the hell
how many dogs is this kind of bring it
out they actually probably think they're
going crazy
Dougy friends are home
Dougy friends are home when you're out
in the garden getting filthy
yeah that's them Oh sirs its Bryton in
here is the bright light now has your
spoon in there and you just spoon it up
in there huh you've any idea how your
spoon ended up in there I could it
welcome Gabrus just so cute
some had a spoon ended up in the water
we're not quite sure how that happened
yet what's going on here anything yeah
got a packet of puppets and she's now
dipping them on out to her friends why
laughing at her but look how these even
come in three all gone
how do you can came in but know you like
that bread oh thank you thank you
hi everyone so mommy's going off on an
adventure with Amelia that's the drop
Erica to collect the record from piano
or operate the piano there's no thing
about a piano and there see if she can
start Amelia unless ins grade one what
what age were you when you started piano
Oh 8 yeah we you went all the way to
grade what's a top grade where'd you go
Hey great yeah way is there a higher
grade the name the teaching thing hmm
maybe you could teach her I could teach
it chopsticks
dad where is she
tell me your problems in life tell me
your problems talk to me in the van I'm
here for you ok ok
okay and our just beating is out their
own food and of course tio takes it and
is excited alright Slater's Slater's
okay that's enough
okie dokie th-that's great now thank you
that's brilliant
oh that's me phone so yeah Oh stir that
up mom's cook - I don't know how she
knows cuz we don't actually have
property Oh pumpkin she's got like your
little brother careful no careful
thank you good girl oh poor brother
what's your piggy we have to have been
going to bed earlier
I ran eight instead of nine so we've
been eating at like seven instead of
eight it's actually kind of nice cuz um
she's dropped one enough and then now
she's just going down later or earlier
Eric can that's not dad dad where's
Erica you can take him with the t's oh
good girl
say thank you say thank you thank you
yesterday like kiss like he was he'll
cuz he's mine I don't know if we said
this but he's measuring a bit big he's
actually what like a weekend yeah and I
was like what is horrible huge last time
and I'm craving me and I bet he's gonna
be like a monster be and so oh my god
Mike he was a 10-pounder I play my hand
up yeah hi out of an a B and C Zack it
takes a my mom I have to get the paint
or the blue candy blue can you want to
reduce the other one yeah no he's gonna
blue it's so much fun if we get some
like get all the news so all the stuff
again we get to do it all again where we
had a media you kind of reuse a lot of
stuff but now we get to like get all of
these stuff yeah boy clothes from legs
are like I log dressing off a little
girl but then at the same time I'm
always wanting to know what it's like
yeah why don't we like matching it like
blonde hair and no no eyes like mine
look like what's your jokes jr. gonna
look like so excited my Tina Turner I'm
sitting over there
what takes after his father which would
be quite the gentleman stop Robert my
son stop Roman Jovi jokes hey Junior
like no no it is like cupcakes he wants
meat jokes he likes meat yeah yeah and
with Emilia all your pizza you are you
wanting me pizzas oh my goodness good
boy huh Santa he's that your favorite
you like the cream cheese I'm gonna save
mine I always save my treats for after
she goes to sleep it's like my reward
for being a good mom okay but seriously
it's like you have to like reward
yourself after your kids go to sleep you
have to have something as a reward and I
know I'm not the only one who does this
I either have a nice treat or like
dessert or paint my nails or do a face
mask or just something nice for myself
after I mean he has gone six I'm like
you know what my job is done
I did a good job today she's happy she's
fed she's safe that's all that matters
hmm painting a media is inhaling the
cake oh I say that I say that I saved it
ah sure the whole thing is here yeah I
made some of the best what was your
favorite home a thing your mom made oh
you make I can see your solid dating
you're tasting it right there yeah but
it's your mom's cake moist and like oh
my god it was just like a plain lemon
cake but she used to make it further
birthdays yeah anything and like I used
to genuinely difficult with her places
and you'd smell something similar and be
like oh my god it smells like mom's let
me date nobody similar like my mom
anyway it was them she's make fruit cake
and she's to make homemade pizzas like
once every five or six years we had like
a homemade pizza pain in it yeah but
like whenever I would smell like a fruit
cake or a homemade pizza homemade pizza
I like that
the dough is like this tin and it was
like the cheese in the tomato and stuff
we come down like and we'd like pick
what we want on and it was like a whole
thing you know
and then fruit Kraig is what we get
going to school sometimes but those two
things are like always right my home
cooks so wonder what Amelia will have
yes and leave your comments let me know
what is that what is your childhood
memory of them something I could never I
smell it automatically I just like oh my
god oh my taste it sometimes got
restaurants when you get pizzas be be on
the run baby be on a run look at her
cute bum as she goes run and she's an
achy baby and she's on the run she's
gonna run and she's gonna have fun Nikki
here baby
oh I've got a funny face is it cut that
ugh these are a disgrace we were you God
come on friend it's time for bed oh no
are we doing the show we're gonna show
fornicatress oh geez huh
born to be an entertainer huh born to be
an entertainer Gwen
off you go into mom story time hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
