I still can't believe it and I had a
dream that this happened like what I
mean to that my new detail I had a dream
this happened it showed like he showed
the and it was our doctor and everything
was right
so today could be the big day the
gender-reveal day you guys know before I
do because I'm sitting here in the past
and you guys are in the future and you
could see by the title of this video
whether I found out or not because you
know we've been saying that we're going
to find out at this appointment but of
course you never actually know because
the baby could not cooperate the baby
could be asleep and in an awkward
position the baby's legs could be
crossed and all that kind of stuff so
where I doctor could just not be sure
100% sure and I know that if he weren't
a hundred percent sure he would not tell
us because he doesn't want to you know
get her hopes up for something that
isn't necessarily true or that could be
a mistake or they're probably gonna
doubt their so you guys let me know in
the comments let me know if we found out
or not I'd love to know but yeah so I'm
trying to drink a lot of water this
morning so that I don't know I've heard
that that helps I've heard also heard
that drinking a fizzy drink helps but I
don't really want to do that at this
hour so we'll see some I think Mia is
going to go over to almost house when
we're there because it's just a little
bit well a little bit is pretty
difficult with her because she just gets
bored obviously and you never know when
your doctor is going to be called out so
you could be waiting there for like two
hours that's happened before so we'll
see um but yeah she's gonna have her nap
and um she's gonna go to all my iceberg
I won't open the crust
whole world out there hmm baby you want
little baby ones you're a big baby God
takes your time
Oh y-you know how to use the automatic
thing oh it's the name of yesterday's
video independent woman hmm
so today's video is gonna have to be
called dis independence one independent
what's the opposite to independence Oh
to Venice
codependent yeah there we go all right
I've been replayed yeah almost got
replaced yesterday with a tripod
Geoffrey the tripod
hi Geoffrey Geoffrey's got a little bit
of decoration going on here Oh what the
hell is that it's Dickie
no you put that on I didn't put that on
did you put that thing on to put the
phone in and ever since then oh that's
kind of weird
Geoffrey what's up with Geoffrey we've
actually had Geoffrey for a while like
four years
no three years three two years
I was letting ticking smaller eyes
editing right remember right - okay and
I was like oh my 26 year old you're 26
and I make you when you're 19
yeah we were seven years no no he's not
mental oh seven years come on friend
the babysitter's here is Amelia picking
the wall paint for you okay um oh yeah
we're going to possibly find out the
gender oh we may or may not though you
know like off you might not we might
tell right now my tell it's over here
never know because that consultant might
need to tell us even if he does know
because that's who he was like last time
she's like paint the room yellow okay
not pink or blue just go yellow and even
if yeah
new amelia was a girl I mean he's a girl
who steals her grams like it's a girl
it's funny cuz his reputation and he's
like I just want to put it because
sometimes things can be different you
can take it to boy the whole way a girl
the whole way although if it's a boy I
think you can tell sooner because of his
little Willy Willy but if it's a girl I
think I don't know
actually I don't know I'm just making
things up I've ever seen no idea so I
hope you find it today we so exciting I
really feel like we find it agender it's
all really exciting them because it's
like oh my god like Nellie
then once you find a gender boom we got
a name because we have a boy's name
picked and we have a girl's name pick so
tight
do I think I don't say you're on it's
like my name is video you already know
you know and you probably skip to the
end to find out anyway
it's about sweet comments one for you
written anyway see you later alligator
in a while crocodile in a while
crocodile
wha here we go here we go oh no sorry no
we didn't make the lights
oh no wait does it feel tonight hmm oh
ah we didn't make the lights so I guess
you have to wait just a little bit
longer right
here we go we're about to find air you
ready yeah
what is it looks like little boy ah
hello boy oh really
oh my god I thought it was a girl I
taught a wife and I first thought I was
like oh that looks like a boy just don't
know anything a big boy you'll be great
stay there are you sure I'm pretty sure
they look like a row bleep air sometimes
we get a row yeah occasionally if I get
along with just consent oh don't buy
blue clothes yeah buy Greenville yeah
well he'll be wearing all the media
slows first well they realized we check
that again the next day Canada say whoa
there oh there they said it won't
tolerate aggressive behavior this big
sign then there's the old tolerate
aggressive believer excited okay I know
you know we got photos photos oh hello
there I couldn't I felt like I couldn't
even be not seeing myself because I
really loved her doctor but oh my god um
okay her phone is better than call her
my name a I couldn't I couldn't even
like it's not that I I don't know I'm
just like that like I don't like showing
like too much emotion in front of people
that I don't know that well and so when
he said it like I was just like
overwhelmed emotion but I couldn't even
like express it but I'm just like I feel
like I'm just gonna explode like I'm we
got it we got a girl and a boy I am so
happy like so happy but I feel like we
wanted we wanted the boy we just we
couldn't say it anyone you can't say
that's the room you can't say oh really
I really wanted to avoid because part of
us are oh boy you know I always wanted a
little son I'm gonna take my brother be
like do you get it no I said I'm gonna
have to be like I did it man no did you
always want yeah you always said to me
God said to me didn't mind because I
just thought you can't say anything I
knew you wanted a girl so I would have I
would have lived with it you know today
I wanted you to be happy but I still
can't believe it and I had a dream that
this happened like what I mean to that
my new detail I had a dream of this
happen it showed like he showed that and
it was our doctor and everything was
right and like he showed the little
peepee and then he was like and I saw it
like on the thing and this happened in
my dream and then I just convinced
myself that that can't be true like I'm
not psychic but I'm like maybe I am
because pregnancy psychic because it
happened like exactly the same and even
when he was doing it I was like but what
if it's not what if it's like what if I
have that wrong what if that's just like
an arm or a toe or I don't know I just I
still can't believe it and then I
started freaking because I was like I'm
raising bellboys I don't know anything
bad though I'm so happy that I'm happy
one but I just
I can't even explain it like I think I
have a small bit of knowledge about boys
just like you know I because I had like
a sister vision what we watching the
other day watching so no home and and
this is not waters son the son loved his
mom essentially and yet the son of the
mom I'm you were just saying like oh
that's the theme boys with their moms
more well that's it that's like the
stereotype but then I think I mean at
the moment me has one I have a pretty
good relationship with her so you know
she's not a teenager yet but they do say
that when they're teenagers that boys
are nicer to their moms what a cell
phone my impression was nice to my mom
though and my I actually had probably
more issues with my dad when I was a
teenager but it's always different but
anyway I'm just I can't believe it like
I'm so in shock I don't know whether to
like laugh or cry like I'm I don't know
so I got a little PlayStation buddy
we're gonna have a car and talk about
cars all the time to each other
welcome home everybody did you miss us
did you miss us
would you alright everyone outside
we have important news for everybody
Oh jeepers Amelia oh you excited we know
we know we do for definite for
definitely keys that's a polar bear joke
she knows anymore cheeky bear subverted
okay
there where where does that go what do
you think what do you think what's your
best get forward does it look like me or
Anna that's very pretty so I'd say boy
Louie hello
oh we just had a squirm what what it's a
boy
uh-huh and it's definitely definitely a
boy there's no mistake
we were so convinced waiting there it
takes not oh yeah
we should tell we're under way home
we're taking vacatio and Albie
oh no difference in Hassan I really I
thought I was gonna start crying and
then I couldn't start crying because he
first Whitney way to a lie straight away
he looked over me and I was like that's
a boy and as I'm not gonna say anything
in the new horses they're gonna what are
you talking about because too much new
and so cool huh he's gonna be wearing
all the media's cause if you drag him
you dressed in pink hope you liked
George happen George it's perfect
oh I think that like button needs to be
mashed mushed huh nobody wanted
everything to you thank you what you
know and we got it yeah you did well
good job and deal womb there thank you
hello hello no way no George couldn't be
it couldn't be it's not possible it's
not possible no I want Suzy sheep on the
case okay Amanda okay hold on a medium I
talk to you
hello
hello say hello hello what so rude say
hello I'm a no good girl
give me give it to me right now giving
you acne good me right now
hello Oh Peppa Pig no way
Peppa Pig no way what you want talk to a
media okay
oh hello hello hello
huh Oh Peppa Pig any more like that I
know let's just keeps putting it up on
her
yeah Victor I know hello Peppa hi mother
can I judge a paper please is he your
brother
mmm is your brother on the phone is it
whoa double spin well watch everybuggy
hi Geoffrey Thank You Ven watch out for
lucky red mom's gone crazy mamas are
going to crazy oh oh
Amelia's officially my favorite daughter
you're my favorite daughter I got a son
in your bun bun in your bun you got a
son in your bun hmm my son spun me over
I know I was making a joke bed son oh
never play with knives only play with
forks show me what you did oh-ho we
saved that dive teacher doll on the
floor I think part of my land run a
couple of dogs yeah oh poor thing was
falling asleep fell asleep during yeah
did you have a sleepy dinner time always
happens if she missed her first enough
and then it was too late for her second
nap
miss that you went down with Indians
yeah yeah then it was too late for a
second nap alright friend back is on the
run but these are the running don't
forget the gun you got to shoot my son
to have fun hey what are you guys doing
still up Emily's in bed they never get
to stay up after after bedtime it's like
they stayed up after bedtime you know
he's normally in bed with Amelia are you
excited yeah we believe rabbit little
boy know she know yet no he doesn't know
yet I said it in the video did you I was
like if you know oh that's so cool I
cannot believe that we actually hello
ever having a little boy
so like I'm so happy the world is
getting a second jovi jokes too jokey
jokes in the world dopey jokes jr. oh we
tell them to name jokey jokes jr.
doesn't name we'd pick for a boy oh do
you guys wanted to take you with him
sure while ago I was talking about the
t-shirt thing and I just never really
followed through with that but then I
was talking to actually a printing
company Theater day we just randomly
came across something we're talking
about something that I was like oh my
goodness they were talking about how
they would like all we could do it for
you and we could get the t-shirts to you
and we could get them all here we could
get them all signed and we could get
them to the entire planet before
Christmas would but in order to get that
done we'd have to do it like at the end
of this month
you know admits you guys have them
because I was like well look if I'm
gonna do it this time of the year it's
gotta be in everybody's house like no
later than like the 22 December you know
because if you if you guys want give a
present or something like that so I was
like okay I think we can do it we have
about three weeks for three weeks to get
the design done we need to come up with
a design I'm thinking like a friendliest
friend I think is the best thing to come
up with a friendliest friends or a
little design print them all ship them
here sign them all shipped into you guys
have and get too mad to you I think we
can do it I think we can do it I'm gonna
have to go and get the design still get
everything organized I might do it like
through eBay
or some sort of something like that
we're trying to forget that but I think
would be really cool I think would be a
really good idea anyway I got it I got
it you guys need to go to bed
oh my you won't be able to get up in the
morning you hear you'll be late for
school
all right where do you honestly you
wanna sleep in here do you want to go
sleepy sleeps in here
okay sleepy sleeps under the dog I'll
just go in your pop oh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
