morning again my little friend real
friend reduce
so I'm heading down into the middle of
the country and the country got an
Olympic I've got an important business
region and co sure has been a dawn to
got the shirt we do our test war that
you say young man and in a why would
when one speaks of the business tear my
first talk just much like let's go to
Don Draper
he was like smuggled cigarettes to go to
whiskey
wait damn you damn it to hell man so I
hope it won't be gone for too long so
I'm is an abandoned bandit I was gonna
bring and I mean it with me boy damn I
do think it's too much you know to drive
well enough Rana I think I think I don't
make it team but it Amelia you know she
haven't knocked down but then it's just
like you know we just like you know she
just sitting around for and I'd only be
able to really position look after her
and maybe just drive home again so I was
like you know what I'll do it I'll do
the drive you stay alive 25 okay watch
this oh good girl
we made some lunch there's the media's
lunch and mommy's late we're all having
lunch together I wondered I didn't get
any hmm what you think daddy's doing
right now
so we just filmed in the cupcake room
and Emilia has never seen these lights
on before and when she saw them she did
her little thing huh
didn't you she did her little like oh
come here come here come here come here
look what's this is that pretty
hmm come on I know you're stuck in some
boxes of makeup but come here come here
I have to show you something oh wow oh I
wish you could touch these are you okay
oh my goodness oh thank you thank you
thank you look II don't you want to see
the flowers like come here come here and
then I realized too I was like uh-oh cuz
I don't have anybody to take my bump
pictures for today thank you
oh that's my favorite ah Barbie look
come here
look can I show you something can I show
you what what is this I'm gonna touch it
oh that one might be a bit hot though ah
a cupcake look he moved my cool Oh
that cool yeah okay back to your nail
polishes well yeah I don't have anyone
to take my phone pictures and I don't
know how to use the time run the camera
I don't know how I'm gonna do that
anyways oh try and figure it or hope
that Jonathan comes home soon before the
light goes but it's kind of bad to have
to rely on somebody like I wish I could
just take them myself oh yeah I did it I
figured it out how to do the self timer
app or act when we sing there is a self
timer app but not an app on the actual
big camera so that was really cool
because that means I don't have to rely
on anybody else oh there he goes up
again look at you you're drooling I
think she might be teething again we'll
have a little snack yeah soon okay I'll
be still it sorry
that's not normal maybe I helped me rent
out the house while I was filming but it
was actually pretty cool and what are
you happy that I figure that out you
want a snack
want some M&Ms let's see what's in the
magical color come here you something
John oh yeah you want one of these okay
you need to get more of these don't
leave one of them I need to open it
first what I need to open it first
did you miss me all day long friends is
she whisking all day long friends I
missed you all day long friends she
missed you all day long friends I miss
my wifey my almost 26 year old wifey
mm-hmm
are they just like huge pair all right
you guys huh you guys miss me to tell
you nothing
you guys missed me mm-hmm oh holy Hooper
steams cold outside okay there's
something attached on my leg here
retired friends friend you tell me we're
done
tell me of your attire friendly and nice
sit down Oh uh-huh
so things to play with no what are you
gonna do yeah be for me thank you
oh thank you and thank you well you're a
very helpful person Oh Oh do I get that
back again oh geez okay okay do I hear
an Amelia ya doing here Amelia do I hear
a friendliest friend
these are friendliest friend in here is
there are friendliest friend in here oh
good morning again my squishy friendly
hey come on you can make your own way
down the stairs now you don't need to be
held down anymore huh yeah whoa good job
almost there Millia where's the baby mr.
day great oh right race time all right
everyone to the top everyone to the top
back to the start back to the starting
post back to the starting post whatever
race which one you can
both cheater you have to pick one
it's a pick one that's your baby
one take your baby this maybe and I
now we should get the concept take one a
run yeah okay you want to put that one
inside that one I'm not sure okay yeah
well that works
go go go go Dickie baby chicky baby
what's going on going on what's going on
what's going on newbies going around
attacking everyone know what time it is
is as far as I can tell it's baseball
time beach balls would you like a
meatball
would you like a bottle of meat I would
like a ball of meat I'm meet the bar huh
my sonic is ready to go I'm gonna mean
is figured out what if you figured out
what's in there what's in there when you
get that feel oh yeah yeah boy yeah your
father's taken yeah he supposes better
because that the back is all the
categories if we miss that so we took
the juice instead all right the
meatballs are cooking knives are past
the judy and as on pasta judy and it's
the italian on passage unique Miami
Irishman they make the meatballs
thanking me violin yeah what's meatball
an Irish no idea um Jimmy come and let
me know what's before yeah that's it
drag on chorus Adagio
Tommy gamma August Icarus made her sappy
meatball
what that's the way you talk I just can
just say firefighters normally you know
when you when you want to speak are if
you gotta put on yes buona sera gosh
okay our nickname thank you
don't press it again let me get that for
you won't you come and play with me
yeah gravy always starts with a newbies
written grapes
you ready already
let's do it again
practicing mm-hmm accessing for April
except I don't need no name we'll be
walking across the table you wanna hold
the baby
are you sharing your grapes there once
was a troublemaker named Amelia
Thomasina she would sit in her bath and
she would throw a little bit of a wrath
to the toys they'd go hustle to the box
to go puzzle but Amelia would be cool
because she thinks dad's a fool is it
going how's it going there not be sealer
huh
snappy theater I mean Happy's if you got
there I mean happy said you'd like that
huh
I mean appease if you got what's that
hey hey like seriously see meaning go up
let's go into mom you can't see what's
behind the curtain
you got an opening and then ya can't
open the curtain everyone can see you I
mean yeah you're giving a neighbor a
show
goes over clothes that over good what
let's go let's go oh you're obsessed now
we're nudists what little exhibitionist
let's go into mom ready for a new book
ready for the new book hide-and-seek
with piggy Pig oh yeah you know it
friend foxes socks and what's the other
one
hide-and-seek
pink okay so will we do mr. Fox first in
a cupboard up high he finds his bowtie
open it's beige okay the tie looks neat
but I've got bare feet under the mat he
finds his hat hey hen
where can she be look a tent is henan
here can you see a long brown ear come
on rabbit follow me let's find hen where
can she be
pig has found a spotty sheet can you see
a pair of feet
you can open good girl squirrel hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
