um hi hi what are you doing in there
she's gonna help me putting all of her
toys in the dishwasher as you do and
yeah actually excited yeah you're funny
aren't you
let's see if I could take a Instagram of
you cuz you're hey he oh that's not
yours hmm
you gonna stay there I need to get my
phone happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
see misty gentle to like grab it for it
give it to me no yeah yeah do you never
wear like give it to me now me now
Cena's three years old today
okay he's in here just those two see now
tonight you give any more treats with
you will make you another cupcake yeah
we're gonna make a cupcake cake today a
pupcake okay pop cakes cupcakes break
all hostile reco first oh um what's
going on here huh
Amelia open the gate and let all the
dogs of oh my god what she's making it
gone
okay so you just wake up this morning
and decide that you can climb stairs huh
I don't know if she's gonna be able to
get over this thing are you
you didn't yeah she did anybody ever
walk around in the nude on a cold day
he's my closer in here I like to tumble
dry my clothes on a cold day before I go
out it's like a way of heating your
clothes up before you go out some people
put them on their radiators I think you
just didn't it just actually era tumble
dry my clothes before I go ahead it's
nice and toasty jeans tumble dry before
you go out oh my god toast central if
you've never done it try it so I feel
really bad for because so I mean this is
the thing if your birthday's in November
it's not gonna be nice it's gonna be
horrible whether it's pouring rain it
was like well it's not pouring anymore
but it's raining and it was storming
earlier it was like so stormy and windy
and he's gone out to do my birthday
shopping so I do feel bad for him but
anyways I'm gonna tackle some laundry
because I'm not even gonna show you guys
there's a pile up to like it's past
Amelia's hate it's almost the same
height as the dresser over here that
needs to be tackled so I'm gonna try and
do that you just came downstairs and I
found this I even did the tape I was
right there take on everything
Oh golly I am blogging I mean really
good anyways I just put on a load of
laundry and I am going to try and
attempt to sort out which one will I do
today I suppose a let's start from top
to bottom one of these remember I showed
you this yesterday
like I said that one's not too bad but
this one definitely needs to be dealt
with
oh we are done we are give this ticket
to this man here this man is not
actually managed machine thank you thank
you for allowing me to leave
oh excuse you sir so we have done it Oh
press the buttons we have we have done
the shopping for Anna's birthday present
there it is it's in notes boxes
no spoilers you gotta wait till tomorrow
or probably being that today is her
birthday you go write a check or Twitter
she may have put up some pictorials of
what it is Oh hopefully I got it right
um I I got some assistance from the
lovely people on the makeup for a
cosmetic floor in Brad Thomas Thanks
thanks a lot for that otherwise I look
like a little sheep they'll approach me
because I like walking around like
you're all right can I help you said I
don't know why during this but Emma no
if they gift-wrapped everything as well
for me which is which is like totes cool
because I'm not the best gift wrapper
the world has ever seen
we are having our lunch finally huh and
oh excuse me excuse me guys and I'm on
my second glass I worked it out and two
liters of water is the equivalent of
five pints or like four and something
but five just to be safe this is my
second pint of water today and it's like
three o'clock so err and yeah that's
kind of awkward because one awkward ones
it's kind of embarrassing but like I
said I'm not gonna drinking water so you
know this is the challenge for me
a white yacht he was on the wall in G
okay I'm finally done are you guys ready
I'm gonna see the final result tena who
knew bees came running in what do you
guys think so we have coffee tea and
cereal up there we have baking goods and
pasta over here here we have rice
noodles and jar jarred good jars cans
and spices here we have sweets and also
there's some baking stuff at the back
like decoration there's a box of
decorating stuff and immediate snacks
and then we have oils vinegars and
sauces and salt so as you can see from
before it's a lot better I think so I
already proud of myself
whoo I did it
what's going on here are you trying to
break this open sit out all your doggie
friends in are you going where are you
going
listen here huh oh my goodness
a little adventure huh look at her she's
so smart okay
it's scary but she has a process she has
a property it's Tara white you
gonna do it what she's really smart and
she's like figuring out I had to get up
and down the stairs it's a parable he's
hilarious
obvious out he was like oh no never can
get upstairs
Oh
backup is right I'm proud of her but I'm
terrified at the same time uh that was I
was bad no and she gets up to the top
one here and how she gets down it's just
like slides and falls a false light it's
really important I think that she knows
what to get down there jumping all right
here we go all the way all the way king
of the castle this is the terrifying
part hook this is the terrifying part Oh
God come on come on you're terrifying me
you're terrifying me ah
oh goodness you did it you did a friend
there's no nurse that this entire step
is another step
oh whoa Oh cuz I think if you intervene
then she'll never learn you know you
have to let her learn and then
just like taxer she falls but let her
fall if she's going to fall iterations
over there but it's terrifying huh
that's my technique that's Jovi's
technique everybody has their own
techniques huh
oh you tired friend you tired
are you ready for an adventure because
it oh it went dark there we go alright
because it's seeing this birthday
we're gonna bring seen an LV to Alma yes
well you can't go over there aren't you
blackout almost there lights almost
there
there's panic there's panic at the disco
I know it is road it's like forever and
Rovers it is like there's no cat sighs
I'll be stopped I'll be come on that's
not Oh behave don't you want a pupcake
Oh Dix reminiscing about when I was born
who cares why didn't you love it where's
the birth blog on his birth blog what
dear complaining about their Baba look
what we got oh she isn't Fez this is
their Sunday roast on a Saturday night
Sunday for you peppers roast peppers now
in leg of the leap jersey friend look is
like Apple Apple Apple soft
Apple's trust in me that's really good
good girl yeah
yeah that's the Amelia Thomasina
Symphony that's it there you go
that's the piano concerto element never
to be repeated dawn let's go let's go
I think dessert is ready thank you want
some dessert don't you want n dessert
amazing amazeballs like a friend it's a
pumpkin Swiss roll that is nothing to do
it's Swiss mm-hmm pumpkin roll that
would you call her could you define it
as a pumpkin roll faces vices that the
things on the top no dinner
what's the things in the top then no so
it's a pumpkin spice nut roll want to
maybe make that little adjustment what
are you saying what says that for me
thank you
we got the back on the go and ready to
go we got back fun to go and we're going
with the flow is the gang hope Tina had
a good birthday
Oh seen a headache that bright day huh
yeah you ready for baby boys maybe I'm
so tired
chilly I'd like one nap later on which
is like an hour or something that and
then she had another nap which lasted
about 10 minutes so she's like super
tired you go with know what you're tired
because you're kind of like like falls
you know what you can't like stay up and
she like gets upset about everything
everything's just annoying no exactly
the way it is
I just like falling over a place we just
like oh yeah exactly
you tell pepper you tell pepper how it
is Oh Oh taking that with you you want
to read that you need to join a book
club or something friend or library how
old can you try to library yeah if we
should hook you up at the library friend
go in the library very close to so maybe
we should join that get you some like
books will that be fun you're gonna go
read that huh
he may comment right well I should say
that right leave some comments right
that's disgusted in the comments what
was your books like when you were a kid
I didn't when I was a kid I loved Calvin
and hobbies oh my god I didn't know if
they make our own huggies anymore if you
know Calvin hobby is one of my favors
when he jumped out of his skin or the
one we had actually save up the tokens
divided propeller thing and after weeks
of waiting it becomes and it snaps will
be comes out of the box
oh man Calvin high was great and also an
agent rkers adventures they were like
they were books by this tick and the
whole way to the book through was like
puzzles and everything it was about four
or five of them I got all of them they
were like my favorite books when I was a
kid each and Artur and Calvin and
hobbies
so at least some comments and we
discussed below what everybody's
favorite books are and media will say
the mr. Fox's collection yeah like mr.
Fox's collection and we shall bid you
farewell Oh wha ciao see you later yeah
see you later yeah so you see you later
yeah see you near me don't snot on my
top don't know much we'll just throw you
in here for tonight night night friends
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
ah
