good morning everybody and welcome to
the video presentation brought to you by
me hi it's me I've sponsored my own
videos Oh
we're on our way to school and the
Dwyers acted a fool in the street don't
act the fool under weight the school
remember grandpa
he doesn't remember grandpa me do you
remember grandpa oh yeah a pound pound
for prints here you go keep it safe
good job you remembered hi
the first time and I gave me money to
bring him to school for a prince I went
up and I was sinner teachers like oh hey
I was talking money in for printing by
printing cost or something and they're
like oh we don't have any printing costs
I was like yeah and I said this is for a
prince
she's like no Prince this little boy in
Africa did this girl and they kind of
what sort of like nominee or in a
sponsor here or something like that so
all the kids I give money all the time
but I thought you said prints not prints
is that very similar print prints anyway
I was a fool that day it is for a
harvest festival too she wants it you
know you can do that with the mirror
yeah look that's you too so the screen
is so much better yeah here you go one
day good girl
so it is half 11 which means it's much
time we've got some curating here these
are all right there this is my favorite
called mushy pots and I silicone little
pots and they're actually really handy
to freeze and then like just pop them
out like they pop it really easily so
we've got some sweet vegetable medley in
here so I'm gonna give her some of that
fer
does not know
it needs the Sun to shine illuminating
or its melancholy sadness down a
preserve
does the rain not know
the Sun to shine evaporating all on
little droplets to the sky
time
time times not on our side I was hoping
you won't mind if I
this time time times over
is never going to last you know you and
we were fine fine I'm glad you find my
side watching sonamoo Goulet
so today I fetch her her milk an hour
before lunch
it seems to have worked it seems to have
done the trick I just took some pictures
for my blog um that was new haven't done
that in a few years it feels like maybe
you've done it a year ago maybe no I
can't defeat no okay no no I was doing
it one actually no I think they were
just for Instagram no I was I was doing
them when I was still I was pregnant so
we're not too bad why is it every time I
do this raining why tell me why because
the thing I know a lot of people were
saying why don't we put the thing on you
can buy these cushiony things but she's
too small guys because like they're kind
of was not that dangerous but like they
can like suffocate it a little bit a
little bit
Oh suffocate a lot of a bit so we don't
put them on yes put in a little one a
few months maybe we can horizon cool hmm
was it a rude awakening was it a red one
Oh things you had a rude awakening
Eduardo look at you two huh that's your
that's your little sister huh that's
your big brother and I see ya brother
anything give me that much she laughs
every time they camera come there
CJ's mics right right
blissfully camera yeah that's his crime
right but what she sees me put this
thing on she's gonna no no no where you
going
she's stopped trying mm-hmm isn't that
cute guys you usually go in here yeah oh
that's my baby you're really quite the
best so tonight the girls are gonna
sleep together
maybe it's gonna look after Alessia
tonight all right you girls have a good
night okay no immediate don't forget to
feed her at midnight and change her
nappy if she needs a wee-wee Alessia be
a good girl for a meeting okay
night-night every oh it are you joining
in too all right
supposed to be a girl time but it can be
in everybody time all right snuggle in I
want all my babies snuggle together
everyone look at me look at me let's
take a nice photograph
we're losing a nest yeah
we're losing Alexia I know it was cute
for a moment just be careful guys be
careful okay she's only a little baby
burning fit doesn't even fit in the bath
anymore to the pack phase of this little
monkey huh the time is it time to go
over there this is the time to go over
there what's going on here I thought you
were guys are in bed in your beds did
you bring your friend oh yeah you
brought a friend
hello there oh hey try to hold it up to
your face
hold on oh no let me see let me see turn
back hey guys hold up your I come Elena
come come my lady you're my butterfly
yeah baby can you name the band yeah go
Linkin Park let me just check Alicia
come and let it come come my lady you're
over the fly it was like a really weird
mm-hmm weird name like three three three
squared
yeah just check that no unfortunately
it's not three dude it's not cubed
either leave comments if you know the
name of our five below don't Google
already don't Google it leave it below
and he and I can read it tomorrow you
will put the black oh he's like blond
hair tattoos took it at wires lunch
bread need to sing making part well Yeti
I'll play guitars and what's that that's
that's nobody oh yeah yeah how do you
like seven when I can read or something
look 40 I think I was married and had
kids that's like the Gurudwara us bread
it comes like crustless what is like
wonder is somebody's job in the
Kingsmill Factory no but I'm at yeah but
they didn't make it without cross look
you can see the crust was cut off
imagine no is your job to like cut cross
off is it getting crusty okay giving
them some Salman Salman on cream cheese
is it
Salman an innocent something citizen no
there's definitely no citizen in there
Citizen Kane sorry
you have until this clip end otherwise I
don't know anything they had a couple
but not really that was like their big
one is that what it is is that what it
is
Brittany came along ruined it all true
religious religion you got it sorry we
don't talk a serious not Alexa Siri you
don't you don't you don't talk that you
don't tell Siri name
Alexei you have to say Alexa okay go
ahead who sings the song of butterfly
from 2014 I try again I want to see this
work hello and don't say Siri because
then you know he's gonna look up Siri
now who thinks the Sun butterfly from
2004 to know he got it down close it was
impressive stuff that way Siri Citizen
Kane
right I can see I can see your yeah
where you were going with that way hmm
goodbye friends
citizen cubes was it I was twenty two
hundred thousand into hello leo
fourteen fourteen I was 22
that wouldn't work that come on Lena
come come my lady you will put your flat
sugar baby
see you tomorrow friends thanks for
stopping by
