favorite new toy ever what I would put
it here here
God morning my friends my little friend
please friends pom pom pom pom pom pom
morning my friends someday I'm going to
write a musical someday I'm going to
write a musical that would be so cool to
write a musical in it right there come
up with like you know all the little
silly songs or the silly song
solutely sausages some of the silly
sounds I can't even stop all those silly
songs I come open and like a Howlin even
I don't even that just takes so much
pork and I think that just I don't think
that is even possible for me to do it I
have so many ideas and plans and like
things I want to do and then it's just
that's what happens when you get old
kiddos and you know and then you just
like you're like I'm gonna dance but
then you spend so much time big
children's are the biggest time wasters
ever put not in a bad way in like a good
way you know it's like darn it I never
have any time but like what I do get
would Emilia is really cool and precious
and you can't even put a value on the
amount of time that we get to spend with
our kids but keepers jib ADIZ and so
many ideas so all of our Tesco stuff
came and I hate putting things away in a
dirty fridge so I'm cleaning it the
fridge what I should have actually
planned ahead and done this like last
night or something but I just need to
clean it out before I can put anything
in and then we have this disaster here
but like this I can't do this right now
I need to take like a whole week look at
this oh it just it used to be organized
and then it just started getting way too
much someone was murdered here last
night
help me so I'm gonna try something crazy
she said she's gonna shave off my hair
dye it orange and put it in extensions
just around the edges here so if you're
like fall on the top what sort of
extensions right here that's a bad yep
okay so do you guys want to see tada
lovely clean fridge and love when it
looks like this I wish it would last all
week long now we need to tackle this
mess and Jonathan went to get his
haircut he was like oh maybe you guys
could get ready but I'm gone and then we
can go out for lunch I'm like yeah I was
just writing my blog pose and like then
I was responding to emails then you know
you just get lost online and then
realize that you have nothing done well
I did click the French though that's
good but I need to put this stuff away
oh here we go do it I changed my mind
actually was this daily right now
you can see how hard my receiving line
is painted in good morning again my
little friendliest friend
not only have I shaved to be like you I
have a haircut like you now Frenzy's
twinsies
Jordan come on a super awesome adventure
with dad do you only come an adventure
with Daddy we have to take mom's car and
mom's car has all your attachments on
board oh I guess you Oh Mattie Mattie
friends oh matchy-matchy friend matchi
friend can I see you can I see you in
your matching jacket haha you look so
cute friend driving along in their mommy
mobile and I got Amelia with me and
we're going on an adventure which just
as a tool buzzes mommy's asleep because
she's bright and and I wouldn't
understand because I've adjusted you a
bit bad it's kind of funny how it's
completely gonna work out like that
where you know one of us is gonna spend
more time with the other kid and the
other one's gonna spend more time not
like on purpose or anything but I'm
probably going to spend more time with
Amelia initially then we are gonna be
with no name because you know like I'm
hanging out with her and we're going
everywhere together
I'm
because Anna's got like she's gonna have
the infant right now she's like super
price
she's like worn out and tired so
normally I would just I wouldn't even
bring her with me but I was like oh I'm
taking me with me you know and that's
what it's not probably what happens you
know when you have two kids it's like
the dad starts taking the older child
with him to places and doing stuff with
the older kid where is Anna's gonna
obviously she's gonna be breastfeeding
and she's gonna have the infant like to
look after you know give me comments
amino is that is that what happens I
have a feeling that's what's happening
you know which I don't really I don't
really mind now i friend child friend
you have bike friends behind me baby
friend you know I think she's a baby
anymore child infant toddler
all right so Jonathan's that was Amelia
um I just spent the whole like however
long it's been since he's been out
pretty much in bed because I feel so
tired I don't never know why I have no
idea why my mom do you feel like Windham
on point with me okay um but yeah so
they went out with my car cuz I has all
the baby stuff in it and I'm hoping that
Jonathan has used his brain and has fed
her or given her some kind of food at
this stage because she left as you can
tell this is her room it still has the
curtains drawn anyways she left right
after her nap and usually she will eat
before then but Jonathan just took her
to give me a bit of a break because I
was like literally falling asleep but I
don't think she ate anything or at least
she only ate a snack before she left so
she could be okay but she might not be
so we'll see I'm just hoping that he has
given her something to eat because it's
you know while they've been gone while
now somewhat but I don't know
man don't want to use comments like
women for certain things not for
everything but for certain things
baby on the loose baby on the loose baby
on the run okay good is they gonna say
careful careful careful as I said as it
is I know
yeah Wow what are you going so you have
to wait like at 20 minutes to meet
someone so I've been all across the road
so it's like come on let's go walk
around Harmeet Horman's will you knock
over some TVs or something
kind of like a giant toy store for
grown-ups we also need to figure out
what are we gonna get mom for her
birthday huh you need to figure out what
learning a mom for her birthday
what do you let me get her didn't want
me needs one of these hmm
you'd be expected to get her a birthday
present miss your friends
do you think it's kind of harder when
you get older because presents become
things for the house in a relic you know
I never really wants one of these these
kitchen aides you know and I'm like is
that my kind of make it just a house for
a present for the house you know there's
no what's this on K mix seems like the
same thing right who makes this one
Kenwood I think this is doing she wanted
that the kitchen anyone emma has one and
it's really handy for like bacon and
stuff I think she said she wanted one of
the same colors yeah the rest of the
house well this monster here can wait oh
Christmas what the media is going with
so much fun this year because she knows
his like rip open presents and stuff
like that right friend
yeah yeah house belong hey we're s'mores
are one who's that one sorry Mike in
here huh no how was I here friend they
long does that belong to you or does
that belong to you that is a fancy
toaster whoa I would say the toaster
comes out of that case fancy he may come
together taste it fancy toast if that's
what it comes to four six eight we
appreciate Amelia and a breakfast
Amelia okay let's go let's go t if I
were a cheerleader if I were a
cheerleader cheering neighbor do and
knew they were a cheerleader tonight
would cheer you would you cheer for me
now if I was the cheerleader cheerleader
layaway was the chair he was from
Dundalk and I was the cheerleader okay
all our friend how about here we go some
art look at this do you guys think this
is for you
yeah
look at this prime selection selection
what's my name
selection that's its official Pizza Hut
hey time there's a pizza party Friday
night pizza party it is so funny trade
why as a vishal we've made it we've made
it official thing folks didn't work out
as requite okay ready that yeah okay I
know you're excited but that's not oh oh
oh in the jungle the mighty jungle
Amelia so I did like so much shopping
and so much vlogging like shopping no I
didn't I just excuse me oh what's going
on for the last couple hours just
because you missed it you might have
seen it cook from here to here no I know
I went out with my mom she wanted to
take me out shopping for my birthday and
she did buy me my birthday present which
is actually really nice I really needed
a coat like a winter coat but I needed
it to fit you know for when I'm yea
pregnant and I tried on this really nice
coat you remember that words - yeah
remember that gray Zara coat that I had
that was crumbed
yeah and it was like a light light gray
well they had a coat there in Zara
that's the same grade but it's a
different kind of style it's longer and
I loved it I was like when we go
when you reminds me of that one so I
tried it on and it looks so bad like it
looked it made me look like a snowman or
something like it really it was so bad
because it was just really tight and
like no no way hi hi there hi there is
that your camera hey squelchy squelchy
feet scratchy feet
what you got there what you got there
huh
is that my clothes that was like an
adventure camera something like that we
want another waste of money that jokey's
fans huh
only good for like that was like was
that the wedding Sorento no it's deer
after the wedding
yeah bland annachi about that other
underwater thing we just had great years
haven't we it's been wonderful what have
you figured out in life what happens put
it here here ship over it amuses you put
in are you guys ready Pema we should you
know we should put on it you know her
yeah the Italian Peppa Pig CDN oh you
know I can transfer that to your phone
if you want that's it f have a big
Italian nursery right you like that
friend so the reason why she started
doing this is because our cleaner likes
to listen to her iPod or like her phone
with her headphones when she's here
although she never gets to do that
because I just always talked to her the
entire time nothing to like waste her
time but anyways so a media figured out
that her headphones made noise and so I
don't put it in your mouth
uh-uh no no no no and so she started
giving her headphones to a media to
listen to and showing her and the media
who was the funniest thing ever so
that's how this whole thing started but
it's really cute because now it's like
her new thing I think we need to buy you
a radio it's okay just don't put in your
mouth no snotty nose what is it like
what is that what is that there know the
poem gives ya you're gonna get you
gingka crap come on
good you gonna get you quickly we're
gonna get you come on young lady it's
time for the back what
oh I see you've done there unfortunately
I think this thing opens somehow wait
what what we saved the magnets that was
very tricky please don't do that again
no no they can go there but don't put
them through the grade yeah okay come on
we gotta go to the bath we gotta go to
the bath time friend
bath time friend are we ready for some
bad time entertainment don't put the
magnets in the back don't
are you doing no oh don't you hit you
might use our magnet to city if that's
even a thing
hey she's a man why did I give friends
serious movies
oh hey drop something oh my goodness so
do you man of tweets I have gotten
people asking what actually happens to
mr. Fox's socks what happens normally it
ends right here you guys never get to
see because everyone's asleep i dint put
luck his socks or in the chest in the
Attic huh
there you go that concludes that's the
answer cuz everyone falls asleep all the
time before then you guys never get well
yeah we should do an SM or Fox's socks
video hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
