give her the pocket seriously it'll be
worship trust me and her the pocket
yo yo yo welcome to the vlog on this
Halloweeny this attorney for total birds
don't believe what you read in a college
it'll be hearsay believe what I say cuz
it's Joe fees way hit the like button
and don't forget your favourite come
every day and I will grab you in later
with my comments up a baby she's a
little crazy
oh my goodness
Starbucks coming to mind points yeah
epic it's also almost I skis sea ice
kiss kiss gives you haha and nor in New
York you have the Rockefeller Center in
Cork we have man point man point that
when the prefabs in the prefabs ismahan
white jersey ice skating I've never
gotten in there never this year I'm
going in there it's going to happen
gonna go in there I'm gonna follow my
bomb leave me comments if you'd like me
to follow my bump and I will do my best
to facilitate a bum college for you oh
my god
so my friend this morning tweeted me
this article are not treated me she sent
me this article both to my other friend
and me and it was so crazy it's this
girl or this woman who started drinking
like three liters of water a day for a
month
and there's like pictures like before
and after pictures of how she looked
with no makeup on or anything before and
how she looked after and it's insane the
difference okay so that's the before
this one right here and that's the after
so I was like oh my god I'm gonna start
drinking
I can't drink 3 liters of water a day I
think 2 is like my maximum otherwise I
just can't do it so I'm gonna try really
hard I even took a picture of myself
this morning to see if I could see a
difference I'm not going to share it
with you guys because it's kind of scary
oh well you're watching it right now but
I'm not going to share it until the end
and I'll see if in like 4 weeks there is
an actual difference I'm so sad but
these things really excite
me so Anna thinks because it's her
birthday week and seeing his birthday
week see huh see his birth teams
brilliant Saturday three years old Cena
is three she's three years old she has
four children she can oppa so Anna
thinks because it's her birthday week
that she does not have to change a nappy
for the entire week no stinky nappy no
stinking happy for a week
oh my goodness in my breaking we have to
know we have two kids by my birthday
dovey doubly bonus for me ever like I'm
sorry I cannot tell me what to be fair
what is it worried like a newborn baby
then you have to change them like every
five seconds yeah you do
I'm gonna go more by nappies we're gonna
have to buy like two sizes Oh No or we
just buy one big nappy and put the boat
into it can I not be share these button
peoples hmm well let's go change your
thinking uh P you come on you're there
you know you're thinking of the stinking
up the video why do you go wow let's go
let's go in this let's go down with this
one
let's go down with this one Oh Jimmy G
crackers hold on so we talk you through
our breakfast breakfast dinner and tea
the tree food groups
Oh Jake over here give her this and if
you are just looking if your package
during today Oh would it be hilarious if
you could like cut out one of these
pumpkins and put it on her head that's
the costume you kind of mean though
wouldn't it
are you putting a customer all day like
as a coat now you start
to get messy when to you know I don't I
think you should what's happening huh is
there anything else you think what do
you think I'm missing the shopping this
is the future of shopping this is how I
do my shopping awesome yeah don't do it
like this yeah it's just like is it this
year we need to do it early yeah I'm
gonna do it like this like is he in the
chairman's IG yeah oh my goodness right
so last night right we were sitting up
when I kept minding our own business and
I stuck here knew he's gone and I turned
around he was on the take on the table
no idea how she got here so we're like
right we're gonna deserve some cameras I
don't gonna have to see if we can
capture it because like how did she get
up here
yogurt um Steve College of your
Christmas list and also our chair that's
an angry airport that's the cheese here
for so amelia is still asleep she has
been taking her naps after lunch which
is fine the kind of suits actually a
little bit better although I would feel
like she's super tired when she's eating
her lunch which I don't know that's kind
of weird okay sorry that's it
incessant creaking sounds but I I'm too
lazy to go to the shop and get myself
some matches so this is what I've been
doing lately I did buy some though to be
fair I actually bought some matches but
it's just that orders coming tomorrow
I'm really excited about I mean it's my
birthday on Sunday so obviously I'm kind
of excited about that but never I'm more
excited about Christmas shopping I've
already started looking because last
year we were relate years before I've
been really super organized and then I
always think to myself afterwards like
oh that was way too far in advance like
try this way to organized if that makes
sense which you can actually never be
too organized
that's like something that I've learned
but because of last year being so hectic
it was probably because we had a baby
and everything like a new baby and
that's probably why I let it slide but
like I don't think we even did Christmas
card the last year it was so
embarrassing
but anyways so now I'm like okay that
cannot happen so this year I'm so I'm so
intent on just doing this ahead of time
and like you can never be too early in
my opinion not this year anyways so I'm
starting really early I'm going to get
all my stuff together and be really
organized and do Christmas cards and
everything like that is gonna be amazing
okay okay oh my goodness oh that's yours
that's your costume oh oh my goodness
this for you dancing crazy because
they're like there's another dog here
they're such idiots ooh Taylor when she
walks like it is so cute
hi there right there I really appreciate
it as much as we do oh my goodness
amelia is addicted to the
trick-or-treating huh had so many hits
calling and every time we just got out
she's like so excited isn't she yeah she
looks it and I should realize it's a big
pot of sweets out there did you
we're gonna work on a going
trick-or-treating now
are we are we gonna grab friend huh
cuz yeah like I don't know how long so
we're gonna go over to Anna's mom's road
cuz we know everyone on that road won't
bring right trick-or-treating there
it's got me so cute yeah it's gonna be
so fun I love the tail you're in a great
mood huh it's full of sweets huh
policy that's all you need that's all
you need to put your baby in a good mood
just give her sweets all day long boom
huh huh whose policies
solicit driving along and a Halloween
night and a mommy is driving us to get a
fright ha ha
we're driving this is fright tonight hey
hundred we're gonna get a fright you're
gonna give us a fright one gets afraid
I'm so excited see what Amelia does like
I'm worried like if we just open the
doors which just like run into the
houses it's black okay don't the don't
oh she's gonna be so confused I hope so
you're gonna put a little m headpiece
back on and hope she keeps a lot you
know it's not me she doesn't know
they're going to give you sweets you're
going to get something all you have to
say is trick-or-treat can you get
something yeah up up here might take
your handy it
and I don't have her hand properly
that's like you pain this Halloween
music let's go let's go
sticky hands come on sticky hands mommy
rehearse this hi hi what are you going
whoops
Weaver it's all water there you go find
your you supposed to get sweets not
magnets friend she up there oh you
wanted Emma's up where's that what you
do friends yeah I'm fine look at Erica's
Halloween costume the cat's she's a half
the cash put that in Erica oh my god I
oh you don't want that
oh wait I don't want to see where but
who's next
whose turn is it next you know pass it
around
I'm gonna go Andrew gonna go to tried
some Tikrit reading I tried to get here
but the lights I didn't work so I'm
gonna go next door of the light works
sake we're gonna kiss his sweet sake
that's not dog I have six okay yeah yeah
yeah yeah fine go to home I say
trick-or-treat
this is all my store not gonna door
close the door will will attend your son
let's add that on yeah what'd you get
what'd you get
what oh she's giving them away
thank you thanks cutie what I should
have tried that ended we're near that
door I know she hood somebody has
figured out what buttons are actually
thinks is more common look chica
what did Emma give you her shoes
mattress.you yeah it's gonna be a long
weekend you got Cena's birthday and
someone else's birthday on Sunday I know
Emma is ish like you know y'all Aaron
must be Eric Emily
Cathy anybody else's birthday should
Hawks roam around
you're missing it all I mean yeah
chicken poison yeah get rid of booking
seriously it'll be worth it trust me
hand her the pocket Oh what do you want
Lulu good choice good choice leave
naturam you stay I'm Smitha Luna what
else we have
Oh oh you did well tonight where are you
going
all right
well how was our second Halloween
technically first Halloween
what what's this I think it's a little
hand would you get take your treat
okay I'll take that it sounded like
trick-or-treat so we were fairly
prepared this is it Amelia gosh
this is what Joe forgot are you so cute
I was really different once what's your
favorite one with your favored one state
one Oh Snickers good choice your choice
you prepared you've got some rappers
that what that was a bad choice on the
rapper egde we going for Twix nice guy
tricks you get it quick Fred what did
you guys think of a millionaire costume
huh oh oh thank you very much
Thank You Barry oh okay I go out here to
take the wrapper up thumbs up if you
taught in media's costume educators cos
you move ever seen ever
I'm heard trick-or-treated over okay I
got going for but I know knowing okay oh
okay
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Joey and
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
oh haha
