she looked up with a knife just like
what as we get so bright all of a sudden
uh-oh we both drank added the same
kool-aid mm-hmm too much kissing up your
baby when she has sickness means that he
got sick mommy didn't affect her she got
away with it but it's okay oh and we
felt no name moving this morning
we're sitting there and I was like oh I
couldn't feel a move or I was like
Jumeirah lassen so I was like had a good
rummage in her tummy and I was moving
things around and prodding away and then
next thing you know really likes our
little kicks and stuff that was cooler
than the friend not so cool now that I'm
sick that maybe I'll stick a bunch of
sickies hmm I think it's inevitable
though of your child get sick
one of yous is going to get sick and
like just can't help but kiss you all
day long okay you want some organics
some weren't getting let's go there's
all the friends my friends doggy friends
better peple issues while we're waiting
oh look if the gorge catches a cold
episode Oh a Roenick friend I'm gonna
turn off because you're not eating
you're just watching I'm having a London
sip oh man and the little one
said roll over roll over
mm-hmm we had the baby this morning oh
we thought the baby I heard her him it
oh you were just tell me the gender for
our gardener imagine women knew then he
just knew from me if they just like hit
a button that'd be cool you have to get
up that friend
fourteen freckles past sixteen Harris I
say a lot of things okay I'm the sick
one you somehow got away with it
no how did you kiss him yesterday on the
head
you've Becker you left me all the
kissing and then I get sick that's not
fair I'm not kissing that thing okay I'm
gonna get us nuts right and when you're
asleep on the road a minute maybe
there's nuts
that's gonna happen mm-hmm one friend
we're a peer pressured into doing this
all right banana isn't it as far as I
remember I might be wrong there we go
your highness thank you coffee to
cupcake coffee to wake me up I could not
find this in the money that's probably
why I could not find this thing on why
jeepers open the door you feeling okay
come on see our light broke our light
switch broke so um it does not shoot I
try to put it back in it doesn't work so
Jonathan's been using pens to switch it
on I figured out we actually have a
light over the sink
no come on let's go let's take these
into a media's room come on come here
I've got a surprise for you oh wow wow
this is cool oh I wish you me I could
see this
she's just so into makeup
oh my goodness look at these magnets
here
you know you know loud near like that
hmm
even in my second state I prepare and I
forage for the family and it's baking
some cupcakes gives a look at your loss
but no some fitness maybe it's cuz
you're pregnant
yeah there's immediate like isn't it so
cute oh it's really cute oh yeah you're
doing some holiday baking finally I'm
gonna do 12 the ghost cupcakes and then
I'm gonna do 24 little mini ones what
was that I'm also watching this or not
the French coast
berryhill's really high so everyone go
look at these cute little Halloween
baking cups so I've never done this
before it I'm kind of like oh but
basically to make the little ghosts
instead of cupcake cases which I thought
I needed in the beginning you use the
ice cream cones so I'm gonna when the
mixture in now and see if that works
strange good morning I can my little
Wendy's friend
I only feel friendly as friend you're
not a snotty is that Iran
she's hopefully a good thing yeah yeah
I've got you down huh I like it oh I fit
though
you know cupcake outfit we're gonna cook
a Celtic about cupcake offered look what
oh yeah I'm saying love me anything
cupcakes and she has an apron for you
you wanna trade on the assistant Baker
has arrived
she's dressed for you whoa
what it's where are you better than
using cokecake cups no that's the best
idea in the world ever did you just come
up with that oh I was like oh my god did
you good idea
you dressed appropriately no but I saved
for you oh it's a rite of passage you're
gonna get a big though oh you get a bit
though that was a no nobody yeah I'm
gonna tell me kpy doesn't even Tommee
Tippee type of situation you know it's
not time you get oh hi you okay private
for you bye what do you think that nice
do you think
what you think it's chocolate yum yum
yum can't fit the whole thing in there
okay you can have some more you can have
someone that's done okay
Oh oh my god they're so cool they're so
cool oh my god they're so cool did you
show me yeah yeah what's happening girl
ghosties oh that is so good
oh my god I'm not expecting to be that
good
no no offense I like that is so cool hi
you pulling my pants down you want to
see the video then we're gonna eat them
all don't like not with them Thanks is
so cool
well done good job sock you put it you
know it looks amazing
who cares it's amazing they look like
you guys look like multis not one thing
well take a plain one that's probably
gonna be gross it's just icing so I
think who cares what they taste like
they look amazing put a spotlight on me
there hi there friend
like what and we get so bright all of a
sudden then they get too bright all of a
sudden huh oh whatever I'm just putting
here we're moving around for yourself
when on some backlight so it's a kind of
even at the scene you think that you
want you want to set the lights you're
gonna be my lighting expert hmm okay
well we're looking for a harmony
directional lighting we're looking for
an indirect illumination scene and we
might go with a point what do you think
that's a good plan
yeah okay thanks thanks for assisting me
in this just walking around this reminds
when I was a kid and we used to get our
am our Christmas tree we're always like
the first ones to crawl around
underneath the Christmas tree he'll
that's like what she soon Theodore put
him in the bin punishment yeah yeah oh
good night smile you feeling better
today friend I think she is being a
little bit better
yes hmm
look at this little monstrosity pancake
we prepared for a minute I saw a pancake
it's a day cake watching the vlog ease
come on baby yeah the roof ma'am you're
gonna need to get off the roof or your
car BP your friends driving
oh won't you come and play with me we'll
be together be as can be mr. boy you
won't have as far as the microfilaments
oh we will give you a 5 cc's of the
California's I won't give her 5 cc's of
the cap on it ok she's mad for Manfred
all right here we go here we go
jacket in check it in you're gonna push
it too fast you don't wanna push it too
slow gone done it's over we're just a
bunch SI keys hmm just a bunch of sick
keys man
mmm-hmm last time me do is take you guys
autumn the video on the manor better
maybe this time you double tum it up
right bootable su got better huh
what do you do investigating my yard
come out oh hi hi oh I'm just here for a
quick a quick ear test I wanted some oh
I'm not sure if this ticket is my turn
my turn it's just such thing as parent
abuse another's child abuse but it was
actually a parent it is but can you call
like parent line hi my child is beating
me up sudden help let's go to the lobby
hey that's the wrong way friend hey
excuse me
oh yeah let's all go to mommy let's all
go to the lobby
you're going around rear end you're
going to run we you're breaking the
rules you want to get your foot lick do
this is that what you're going for
that might actually distract her you
don't throw that they've come for a for
chicken they've come for a for clickin
now I went to put my foot in there boy
show daddy where the makeup is here
put our friends in there for tonight
which box we put them in we've put them
in here come take the cupcake free this
room has become like my chicken a
magical magical room don't look into the
light
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
