does anyone know what I mean is they
don't know what it means I can't seem to
locate Amelia I'm looking over here and
I'm looking over here I just can't seem
to spot her anywhere I found you I found
you it just not he knows
what what do you guys do that cycle
easier
BIRT river quite a full panoramic whoa
we can really feel essence of the height
it actually looks like peas I love it
doesn't it because
it's about the same height this piece is
tiny bTW you've never been to Pisa and
you're thinking like wow I know but it
is more window bus full of we're looking
for design where is it I walked up to it
and I was like that's Pisa no it's it's
tall it's it's not late the Eiffel Tower
anything
so me is a home with Erica we are
wandering the streets the streets of
court the mean streets of Court three
times the party I'm a caller popper
that's right a problem for Tara here we
go do you buy the colors for you from Oh
leave me comments if you're caught a
popper color to color popper that's
great there's a lot of information there
oh we're on three did you press oh you
press three twice this is the you press
three twice and it brought it oh oh
levels 2 2 3 press marry there we go
what I said to go up didn't even make it
the trick me why that just doesn't look
right look golden disks in the HMV store
yeah you know
and the coldest like that was the HMV
one that was the HMV store two had all
the em number they all like locked
themselves in and so yeah that's really
sad - hey champions gone alrighty let's
make some new our would you like some
Luong we are very busy morning
it is like five o'clock or something oh
my goodness
five o'clock lunch what do you have but
do you have hey yeah don't steal that
oops you get winner wafers and it's
getting ready for her hair I'm baking
the cupcakes the nice when we had the
way first in the videos like can I have
one it was like I'm supposed to
Sonya wafer in a waitress but are made
out of wafers hmm looks pretty good if I
may say so myself you guys ready for a
flip the flip and the flop this is my
technique give it a quick run around as
you're preparing yourselves try and stay
away from small children and small
animals okay they're following around
cuz it away fur doesn't even want the
wafer oh here we go here we go there we
go
well it's bad to happen how many of I
made perfectly and look it is perfect
but what is going on down here what's
going on here hi there hi there it's
like so bored at the cone as well to
your door
Theodore I know we're all sharing she
wants to give the TOI now
she's letting him like bike parts of it
out but just want to give it away
because then she's no control she want
to hold on to it so she has control
you're a smarty pants huh
this might work better if you were to
relinquish control of my leg all right
open the highchair you girlfriend's
lunch is ready
brunch know if lunch if brunch is
breakfast and lunch
what's dinner and lunch till dinner the
little inner winner is that it Lina
leaners ready isn't iconic you lucked
into a it's like you stayed there and
that was a drink let's add the milk
isn't that kind of cool the way it's
actually said that the imagine was
served like that
Taman walking right familias when i put
the whole milk in but I don't like a
whole muck I'm just gonna drink that up
now it's gonna be cool all right let's
add it in a little bit of a virgin olive
oil why's there no and make a nice
homeless yum-yum all right time for some
coffee
it's the biggest piece of chocolate you
know whatever I have got the biggest
piece of chocolate in the world ever
hello my name is Geoffrey jokes and I
have the biggest piece of chocolate into
whatever what we write to join me in
making this piece of oh hi yes what
no I have the biggest job I got does
anyone ever admit is that me yes
I can't seem to locate Amelia I'm
looking over here and I'm looking over
here I just can't see this bar anywhere
are you feeling you I found you it just
Martino's your spotty Adi nose huh it's
not just his mutters it's not this huh
that's your new nickname
maybe wipe just nuts all over me dizzy
Oh hugs I'll drop you as well Alvey
sometimes I have Alvey
sometimes I drop Ali oh is it better
smoggy all right it's ruined for
everything all right that's nuts all
over me oh look at that one know what
comes up on camera we got major it's not
problem did you meet Albie have you met
I'll be before
alvey's I think I'll be is her favorite
maybe she's the one he chased she chases
I know come on come on now somebody
somebody get fishing for the back hey
they shall find another Lizzie that's
all over me this is hard to test if your
child loves you hi do you love me you
love me
don't step on me don't step on your
father situation okay thank you
I guess you do love me t hold it yeah
let's go let's go let's go let's go will
you then what do you feel
Britt one more time we'll watch the bus
watch the bus I was just looking in the
comments area and somebody was saying
him though why are you pretending to
call your grandma and Nana whatever and
then I've seen this before we moment mom
right I was born in 1918 in Dublin fair
city I'm a Dubliner I know sometimes I
don't sound like I'm a Dubliner I don't
sound like niche or fried oh so I always
come in my mom m om for my entire life
I've called my mom mom not mother not
mine I'm not moving not me in the mood
mom mom and dad that's right I actually
call mom and John I never called my dad
dad I was humdrum it's kind of weird mom
and John we were gonna say wait a moment
Rob like I don't know I have no idea why
that happened pot always said mom and I
always had a grandma and I had a Mamo
because my mom's family are all and they
all speak Irish to each other at all
fluent Irish speakers today would speak
Irish each other all the time so a
mammal and tatto or my grandma my
grandpa like we refer to Anna's mamas
OMA because Anna's mom was born in
Germany in Frankfurt and she's and her
mother in Sonoma so we call her oh man
or OMA and then my parents are Grandma
and Grandpa and then I have a mom in the
dad and then I suppose I am mom and then
when you're a kid you can be mommy and I
just want to clear that up because I've
seen some comments about it and I was
like I swear to clarify Irish I'm sorry
make comment let me know do you or do
you have a moment
em um a mom mo em a ma or my mom mom
what about sister Han a second I've got
a really yeah they're really important
meeting going on here right now
hey welcome I suspect a cure please i
canna get their large chicken legend
meal please you think she's just feeling
look you might have seen Amelia trying
on one of these few days ago member she
had won it once or now I know it's the
Duran
but these are so good yeah okay media
give you some of this cuz you feel so
long let's go let's go have some too we
all have some Cowboys okay well you know
pepper nice assist you ready friend
friends mm-hmm
yum-yum is yummy that's way better than
the spoon good girl
better okay give me a hit
give me a shot give me five cc's get
that man five pcs of cow balls yeah feel
a lot better friends you better cap all
those words look over
don't touch my seat mr. Mosby's
quicker quicker
yeah mm-hmm
well the cow ball is definitely set in
and she definitely feels a lot better
huh
feel better friends all right let's add
some it isn't this is lecture buh-bye
look eventually bath and shower gel it's
not actual blowback but it does get a
little bit frothy let's just pop a
little bit right here oh that's good
there's more fun to have a frothy bat I
wouldn't mind a Frankie bats myself look
here
hard to get this uh passion and then
look it's actually a money box when
you're finished all right peppa licious
yeah okay
oh my goodness look it's gonna be so
much fun what's this where's this
where's that it is it Oh we'll put it
back in
oh my god I would stay with a much
better plan huh
all right Fred meet your little red
cheeks rosy red cheeks all right let's
get you in here that's so much fun I
think I might actually jump in there huh
you excited yeah I kissed your ear et
phone home each oh my BT Amelia
Thomasina ah no way friend new nickname
et et voila long et foam at home is your
first foam party yeah Amelia oh okay
they even just made it worse where are
you going don't panic don't panic don't
panic you watching vines it mom hmm she
looks to put her feet here you did a
veggie fan
I doubt you can I thank you thank you
I'll be yeah hi mm-hmm story time Peppa
Pig okay we sing this once okay
oh poor little thing look at your light
it's not pretty
ha Peppa Pig hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
