what's that hey our bed oh good morning
my friends my little friendliest friend
I showed you how to use the mega bloks
do you have like a boxing yeah mm-hmm
did she
yeah the pink ones oh is that makeup box
yeah a nice moves friend are you
enjoying that now Baba are you enjoying
your parents yeah fresh Irish heavens
parish is actually fully in the box with
the Flavin's pirates that we get I
always think it's Larry's new turn in
the back it's like ingredients purge
that's it if you buy the other one which
I used to buy with like the fruit and
the strawberries and the fruit and you
open up ants got loads of different
stuff in it but then we buy the organics
you don't hear organics porridge
actually says nothing else where is it -
lair look ingredients organic whole
grain oats the end I was like oh that's
it nothing added before and anyway open
this one like whole grain oats sugar and
natural flavorings but that one's nice
close here except I don't like that one
anyway massive storm coming parodies
over the UK at the moment and Wales and
it's heading this way last night and
there's massive Turner lightning kneecap
she's he can hear the house shut her
with the winds
the shadow wins the you should leave me
a comment if you shutter with the winds
do you shudder with the winds got me now
honestly we did a pumpkin today I mean
is very very busy morning here you need
to be not over yeah we're just we're
gonna need to put that over there with
the other pile don't mind the hamburger
alley yeah it was okay how about this
you gotta get over there so busy you're
a busybody
oh she's gotten good at the tourney did
you notice that yeah come on she gets
stuck in a turnin she just kind of walks
around in circles well can I thank oh
I've always wanted that can I have that
no no I didn't I didn't make the cut
didn't make the cut Hey oh we're back
oh I made the cut is that for me
can I thank you
Oh Oh do I not get it
can I have it can I have it gonna have
it oh thank you she poured some tea into
my hand I think back that'll be nice had
friend that I learnt in new parents we
were in there oh this is cool in Liberty
of the sea one reason when we were are
in the independence what now gonna be
need it she took all the doggy treats
and treat him on the floor and then
started taking stuff out of there as
well
Hajis I think it's definitely time for
child locks
because before she was kind of like she
paid her stuff that you wouldn't knock
them over what did she drop cheese
please just one ingredient cheese no no
come on
I think you've uh you've broken your
mother's heart
where do you do what are you doing what
did he do oh my goodness
there is makeup everywhere did you open
all the boxes give me this give me this
what is this
Mike why the Mac thing don't you want
that I don't even know I had to a which
goes and where what's this day I don't
even know what that is week huh wait
that's weird
all right friend we need to figure I
have to get everything back somehow he
doesn't know this all right what's this
okay look they look like they came out
of here okay maybe there are all the
same things it's closed
I have something Foundation okay let's
hope everything in this stuff friend so
I decided to make dinner for lunch
cuz it's smashing storming rain out
there I don't feel like going out for
lunch
everyone's asleep yummy yummy yummy and
a bit of revolution I like revolution do
you guys watch revolution it's a good
joke but the curtains drawn tea is here
with me and I'll be somebody else all
right
good morning again my little friendliest
friendliest friendliest friend
what I did you have a nice news of
jacuzzi did you have a nice news is you
kuzey I'm so tall you're so tall I'm so
small hey hey hi there hi there tall
Frye hi there tall fry
are you tall fry you were tall fry him
huh
I went to mommy I'm gonna tell you at
the mommy go let's go ms rain slippers
really yeah hello we love slip slaps
listen to me Nia when she walked out
please sit
Thank You veneer coming a mile away
they're so cute and they actually fit
you've lost the slipper you got sleep a
problem friends you didn't lose on but
it's cut hi hi what's enjoying some
boshy bought him in the airport best
Italian chocolate in the world none for
you friend
you drink him it's daddy mommy
Amelia no-name I just vacuumed
everywhere cleaned up everywhere because
it was a complete mess and I know that
the upstairs is too so I need to do that
because Amelia I was playing and my
cupcake which isn't really my cooking
cream anymore it's actually more her
room I think she's cleaned it she really
likes that room she does so she was
playing in there earlier but I did clean
up and vacuum now you to wash these
little pumpkins that my mom got me and
figure out what I'm gonna do with them I
need more space but I want to do like
this I think would be cute if we did the
family I just don't know how exactly not
to pick one for no-name what you guys
think the family no no what are you I
don't even know if I'll be able to carve
that but we could like do a mini well
what does it look like at this stage
it's probably about this size whoa so
yeah hello no-name we're talking like
next week mm-hmm right we're gonna find
out the gender we could find out now if
you wanted if we went to private oh my
god I knew we had something doesn't like
spicy some really expensive things no
there's no way a point either
told you have when you have a nine weeks
you're pregnant is that you know that's
not a good start
okay there Bianca's like okay that
they'll tell me tell me that's your one
we should put this inside your one then
you can't see it so I don't know what
what are you gonna do I always have
these great expectations and plans and
I'm gonna eyes and am and I'm gonna have
the vomit pouring out of it and
everything but never point you just do
it finds a marina that place last year
yeah buddy CD yeah the guy had made like
this color ones nose vomit all down and
then when I was daddy then I go like oh
yeah I'm gonna do that man if you watch
the tutorial and had to do it and then
gave you an amazing one and you look at
your one and it's like no I think I'm
just gonna do a happy face plus you have
to be careful you don't want to scare
her what's a cross face will do a cute
little one for her a cute one for me I
don't know what the hell we're gonna do
for that one you just need like that
yeah I know you think you can actually
even do anything but no trying to see
okay you dropping the baby the head has
been removed the brain is the lid part
alright now we're going to scoop out all
the ass all the pumpkin stuff
we'll keep it all because somebody might
make a cheesecake hmm somebody might
make a cheesecake
oh yeah huh what have I just turned this
upside down on top of that she might
work better who sees the pumpkin the
pumpkin that was this case yeah look
good the marker that give me that look
should I put her hand in is it oh thanks
is it now you put a candle in and see
what it looks like they put Bianca Navy
in there no it won't immediately um
that'll be kind of funny yeah how would
you I don't know how you could get the
googly eyed oh what's that there mm-hmm
right with no matches so I'm just gonna
use this instead oh all right
see this works right like all right
let's remove the brain oh yes I can see
all the things that you are thinking
about but the brain here for the moment
Emilia loves to watch the vlogs I think
it's because she's in them or because
her parents are in them so it's kind of
like probably weird weird to see it
quite am she also likes to stand inside
a box while watching your blog that your
plan is it better from inside the box
so if um if you watch your blog today
you should try watching it while
standing in a box you know do it
Amelia's way Amelia's way you see me
what but that was yesterday the hell
what the hell
DejaVu later boohoo come on come on get
out of there yeah they're for mom comes
down the mom comes down and finds you in
a pop and realize that you've told list
up in the floor he's gonna get in
trouble that's right me okay now you
ready to see the ghouls and ghosts do
you think we didn't get the ghouls and
goblins and ghosts hmm I see your mom
and dad it looked like a parables and
goblins and ghosts yeah I shouldn't seem
fazed by it what do you think huh
you can see the candle in that one and
it's kind of cool
good job job yoges here we go I know it
just went out but the rest of them
worked fine it doesn't bear at them or
hold on let's relight that it looked
cool cut can I mean just take the
picture and then we're done it's so cool
isn't it
oh you can't read dad mom Amelia no-name
didn't get a light though it's a dog's
head sorry I had to turn the lights off
bitch did you park your car all geez bit
of an accident there
it's okay give the lights back on it's
so cute though look a little no-name oh
there you go hmm it's so good
alright come on friends actually smells
really nice isn't it
yeah you can smell the bouquet the pom
cake yeah I know I figured that was it
that was a fantastic job you'd like to
organize things so figured you might
want to organize the seeds mmm dinner's
ready it is time to say good night to
your friendliest friends before we go
let's show them the destruction that
attends when you have a little baby that
knows how to walk and puts her little
hands wherever she goes
we're splashing the water first we took
two dog food affected across here wasn't
that fun then after we moved to dog food
we found this you just oh please please
this means means you guys automatically
have to press the like button Toby would
say so bless your face
yeah look it is water everywhere okay so
hitting is night night friends
late-night friends and as promised you
guys are spending the night inside the
pumpkin which pokken what'd you like to
spend a night in would you like to spend
a night inside Emelia jokey jokes or
Anna I think it's gonna be Anna because
alright I don't even fit inside no name
okay okay here we go inside the brain
you can actually see him this would be
like a mirror pumpkin all right
night-night friends see you tomorrow
see you tomorrow yeah who's that who's
that no no no we there they have to come
to bed
okay hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
