what are you doing you know she found a
piano in the cruise ship and she was
like oh yeah
so yeah she loves
good morning oh my goodness
I'm off nobody else's it's like a
quarter or twenty two twelve twenty to
noon
that is not twenty twelve midnight
obviously it's torrential e raining
torrential e torrential rain inaudible
but it's really rainy outside and
Jonathan and Amelia I just checked in on
the media she woke up earlier
I put the monitor on there we go
um I checked on her earlier and she she
had I thought she had woken up earlier
this morning but then she obviously went
back to sleep because when I went in to
check on her she was fast asleep and
like she's been having because it was so
hard in that tiny tiny room like because
we were working as well obviously were
well I stopped editing because I stopped
making videos like halfway through the
trip because it was just so hard she's
waking up that's good but Jonathan was
editing like late into the night and
then she was there and it was impossible
to put her down because she's like right
on top of you you know um so she had so
many late nights and then also she which
would have been fine if she had being
able to sleep but you know we had to get
a move on the next day there was
something else to do and that can think
so her sleep has been so disruptive
disrupted um so I just wanted to let her
sleep but it seems like what you're
watching happypics I didn't really want
to be eating breakfast by myself
what this excuse me Hey excuse me excuse
me
oh I guess there's nobody in here
guess I was wrong you thought I was in
the media's room hi
it's not the first time come on get up
hey yo hello
she went away with 80 oh I think she had
maybe 10 like eight and then the two
molars were the top ones were coming
they're like half way there she came
back with 12 teeth she was 12 teach got
her bottom and top molders so she is a
big girl and she's grown so much she's
so tall look even in her now she's not
standing up straight foot even like
she's going up over her bed over the
bars you never used to be able to do
that huh yo big girl big girl
Negus can I sleep hmm
pinnacle down see your dog you wish
Dutch friends Hey look he's up and about
hmm
look who's up
hi hey good morning
at noon we're just making some tired
I wonder she gonna be like I think she
was so happy though when yeah you know
when you go to sleep in your own bed
after being away um no matter how nice
of a holiday you've had it's just always
nice to go to sleep in your own bed and
I think that's how she felt last night
she went straight to sleep like she did
fuss a little bit because she was
obviously kind of not used to being put
down another room for a while so that
was a little bit like huh but the moment
she realized it was her own bed I think
he's that right who's making all that
ruckus huh whoo Nespresso time I missed
you - preso friends oh I missed my
espresso friend let's get a good cup I
believe my heart's Cup is an acceptable
breakfast club actually one of my newest
favorite coffee for breakfast it's going
over here with the gang oh hi you are so
tall yeah look we're going to move it in
a step soon just trying to show you the
courage all over yeah oh my God look at
that thing
now she's gonna be able to grab
everything terrible just like I did I
forgot you're gonna grow friends we have
to reassess our plan everything's
changed oh look you keep their new
birthday parties huh yeah she is that's
how I noticed yesterday just a matter of
like whoa whoa never
check out Anna's hoodie sabana in the
boat cause he knew he was coming to
London it was like it's gonna be cold
it's gonna cool those ladies to the
Liberty of the Seas
I know I think it's just really creepy
croupe we're status allign you say
there's no way actually in the comments
you can even write because whatever way
you write it it's going to
it's however you read it but I always
say carribine and I know it says
Caribbean now normally when it comes to
word pronunciation and it's always right
and I'm usually wrong it's like you're
smarter in words you you read good
I don't good but am I always called a
Caribbean like Pirates of the Caribbean
Royal Caribbean Caribbean yeah
Sesame Street well Kerri Strug and this
song is like I went Caribbean amphibian
okay
Caribbean amphibian so that go there you
have it
Kermit Kermit the Frog so either the
best way to do it is either Jovi's way
of saying car Korean or Anna's way of
saying Caribbean pretty much it confuse
myself now you say Caribbean I said
tomato you think you matter buddy like
that six minutes yeah potato potato what
what kids what screaming and the dog she
likes left him forever
okay the longest lion ever of her life
it was a brilliant
by far the worst part of coming back
from a holiday no matter what holiday is
all the laundry it's my second load of
the day and like always I unpacked the
second week on home Grantham's yep
unpack Jonathan is it one pack unpacked
my suitcase and really a suitcase and
then
oh yeah she bring that in for me
how much bigger you are uh-oh whoa
there's a whole new OS X Mavericks ooh
free harlot free upgrade don't mind if I
do well if you gotta glide the blue X
code together
hey OS X Mavericks well I do it have you
done it
should I could I what I should i beep
beep Oh wrong computer oh hi there
friend I had dreamed of Jonathan joining
us for you know my parents most awesome
dream ever maybe it wasn't a dream
Jordan Long's maybe it was nothing at
all what rapping along and Daddy mobile
and its kind of painting but it's still
sunny and I came home to a storm that
was not fun we landed like that's what
players like coming in as I was like
whoa whoa whoo right it's not fun Oh
even a plane they couldn't even take off
from he drove that the way like an hour
because there was like a million-mile
air literally million mile an hour winds
they had to wait and then we got
Gargantua storm caster four times but
Amelia to sleepster she's like he's a
pretty good flier she's actually gotten
quite a lot of flying for her young age
that's pretty cool
jealous of her autumn display we have
this too though what looks cool Mia said
wind Qi or pumpkin it's emotion she just
basically threw everything on the floor
and she got Peppa Pig it's a piggy bank
and bath and shower gel so yeah and then
she took all the magazines which I
stopped them all what she took them on
just flung them on the floor that's what
she's been doing since she came home
it's just opening cupboards
oh you tired now hmm you want num nums
we opening comers and taking things out
but all these cupboards were just
varnished so she can't do it here so
that's why we were in that room um we
don't do stuff to like you know bate
haters or whatever the hell people were
saying like when you see a video and you
leave a comment that was two days ago
for us you know so it takes two days to
vlogs for you leaving your comment to
see any sort of reaction or response to
us actually reading your comments so
when I showed that cheerio Zweifel thing
was in response to the comments in the
day before it's like the day before I
was like I hadn't even happened yet for
me by the time I recorded that I don't
think I even edited the vlog of the day
before so it was just like how could you
even put together Jeremy I can only now
respond to the comments from like two
days ago for you so the next day when
you leave your comment there's no
responsive because clearly it didn't
even happen whiteout
we never know we live in a weird world I
live in the future you live in the past
unless you live in Australia if you live
in Australia or
yeah or newsy or any of those kind of
places technically I haven't even
recorded this yet but you've already
seen it oh yeah tonight yeah
Costco back in our I think or something
like that so I'm 6 p.m. GMT time is
changing whoo was gonna be an hour
earlier yeah so immediate started
stacking things she's never done that
before
now she's not gonna do it again but she
did one or two really well here you go
now put that one on the top good girl
oh yeah
when I get out what I was doing was I
was trying to get her boxes these things
that might be hard it isn't good yeah
one and this one I get you some oh I get
you some more blocks and we danced all
night to the best song ever we knew
every word but now I can't remember I
don't know it sounds just like it's got
into my cranium it's in my cranium I
can't get it out but I like it I like it
why is this it's pretty dark in here I
know it doesn't use this light on now I
know why it does get dark
hey we got to carve these bad boys two
bad boys made a power to rock you
blowing your mind good oh is it
lets's boy man esque time say myself a
tasty this one here is really good um
okay bread dual CL do see our map don't
see candy this is a cop
look what we found Nick jr. took me
about a half an hour cause there's three
different remotes and it took me about
half an hour to pick
you know she found a piano in the cruise
ship and she was like oh yeah CI she
loves me please Danny good girl she
obviously wants me you know so yesterday
we kind of missed out on our pizza party
Friday night so we're going to cook and
we hear some eggs hi there hi yeah we're
all having eggs okay and we're gonna put
her to bed and then we're gonna order
pizza we're gonna catch up on all the
shows that we miss for the last week no
we're all having eggs yeah let me just
get the eggs for everybody here huh
pointed a giggy's un scrambled I was
gonna give you boiled but scramble is
way more fun you like freaking squatting
what's that a squat you get some baby
tomatoes oh come come come up punk and
then we've got some tasty cheese to make
it nice and fun Jesus fun mean it likes
fun me likes fun cheese
oh all right you said don't eat that
friend
don't mind me let's get this geez I open
doors nothing important in that CD oh
what's this
what's going on here what's going on
here huh
did it roars be left open so excuse me
if you don't mind
excuse me if you don't mind what's this
what's this little pool of milk here huh
what's the middle pool of milk huh Oh
came from that it is a clever show me
how you did it oh you just knocked it
over as it like that and it spit out was
that the plan just dinner
Steve er food sealer sorry let's add
some Peppa Pig bubble back home
but then as a little funny bunny it's
gonna have to go whoops
you're kind of playing this game all
over yourself as well
you fucked up the camera hmm your
account before okay this is Amelia's
plan
you see Amelia eats about I would say 20
percent of the food that's in front of
her and then another ten percent of that
gets sort of like mush and ends up in
the bib and then the other 70 percent
goes to the dogs that's that's your
process isn't a friend that's why you
always have to make enough that you can
fulfill the doggie friends the bib and
amelia is he eating your fingers is he
eating your fingers huh is he eating
your fingers huh what the hell do you
have a yoghurt beard tea oh come here
here gonna eat that up there now
TOS beard is covered in yogurt kale
he'll let me see you your entire
underneath is covered in yogurt jeez Oh
hot cheese you have a little beard beep
beep beep beep every delivery system
should have that thing is like it is
like the best thing ever isn't it
because you can just you know you can
wait and about when it hits number five
Johnny Five is alive
I need input I need input you guys
remember Johnny Five is alive I love
that short circuit one and two which is
better I don't know two was good and
you're walking stuff sure I don't wear
my tongue okay let's go let's go no hey
what's this who's dead
why you still on roll poopley yeah huh
why is it all family uh-huh look George
is here why'd you stand the bubbles on
tracer
probably okay
I'm going to take a big bowl and be bold
full of side we're just gonna go on your
head
great great good let me do it let me do
it okay
can we do Oh Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia
Amelia what's this
please did I switch Nicky baby I run now
career Nicky baby put this nappy on
there we go
the nappies on the happies on way to go
ha ha under the stair is a shirt to win
good girl
close it next page the shirt goes on but
my socks a fun in a cupboard up high he
finds his bowtie hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
haha
