okay ready ready for this friend ready
whoa maybe this thing huh geez
oh are you guys doing inside Amelia's
ear no mommy's wedding ring you gonna
eat on a tour turnover board huh
that's super windy it's simple money
let's go over here buongiorno italiano
welcome to Italy friend welcome back to
Italy should I say so we're going to
head out and try and see the UM and
looked at ship came to New York cool so
windy I love my friends in Canada we
want food we vote that was you saying
those you saying look at our viewing
from for breakfast this morning
how cool is that the mountains basically
I can't wait to get our friend with you
up and get to munch huh
so I think we have an hour spare and
Pisa
like takes about an hour to get the
pisac is pretty far away so we got like
an hour to get there and then we get one
hour so hopefully we're going to try and
track down and it's cool and it's dad
school so and that is to go for today
also buffalo mozzarella and a caprese
that is all Fez the second we go
give me Cuba go oh oh he's like
it's so funny who doesn't think I know I
know
hey hey I shall say hi to us or to the
dogs or engine like yeah but not till I
see how you were friendly as friends
yeah how long she does think you all
look like a camera
who's that person here through that if
you had just flicked on the video right
now someone just came across this video
they were like others and some more
somewhere that's what it looks like you
don't realize it's a boat let me just
come into the teen room is the cool
teenager area let's go Playstations
media Siegert leave me a comment if
you've been in this room if a romance
has sparked in this room is where it's
all happening in the ship nervy with all
the snoring boring old people
you're gonna lose where you want to be
at snowboarding skateboarding can it's a
big bike support Weiss yeah hey see you
hey see you yeah thank you Bob
ooh platinum is really why yesterday the
Platinum oh no this is where we are this
club is packed kind of I never got
videos like physically record you order
dance I don't know if that's a good
thing can you delete the footage
singsong ball loose change oh yeah I
think you got to go up down and around
yeah that's right uh-huh
we're just waiting for the coaches and
stuff look for waiting I drink except
it's freezing cold
this is Mia's first time an ice rink I
really wanted to go ice skating but I
forgot I had a pregnant wife we can't
ice skate and a baby can't ice skate mmm
I'll be alone yes her ice skating could
be hilarious I just don't think I have
ikd ice cream
you know I think it'd be actually cool
so I'll just be alone the ice skater
just like to rule the ice skater let's
go friend
let's go to Ibiza let's go to Rocky yes
winners
oh yeah stickers Pisa on your own pee on
your own oh my up let him are
papers you know Janelle couple of
Picasso's she lovely
you made it you made it off the boat
look at the ship friend
we see our room which one's our room no
idea on this side
funny I decide oh no it's cool okay No
right over
so cool-looking
welcome to the town of Pisa where you
can actually has a subway we go to
Subway for lunch ketchup for Mom
they gotta go see the falling tower yeah
we'll go to our first apparently they
built a tower and it fell over I'm
actually I'll be down when I get a
picture check my Instagram see if I got
it of me like holding up the tower I'm
thinking like but I go for the holding
up the tower or I go for the yeah oh
look no legs no Lego so Lego boards yeah
I'm thinking like when I go for the
holding up the tower or I go for their
how are falling on top of me alright
it's taking too long
okay ready ready for this friend ready
whoa look at this thing huh
jeez it is our friend don't we take your
picture
yeah I wonder what to work with mice to
go further away to get the effects okay
it's so cool-looking you can count on
being here before so cool we're actually
gonna go up because what is it if you're
over 18 yeah yes the media can't come
there we go friends I think we got a
picture think everyone's trying to do
the thing where you're leaning against
it if to get it at the right like angle
we're ending it with you because that's
trying to hold Amelia to get into shot
so I wasn't ever get the Leaney one um
can you take a picture for me yeah
trying to figure it away get the Anna's
dad school from the piece of monuments
yeah I did look like it's prettier just
open Google Maps I like the way you have
like I like your battery situation
okay so we've had we've downgraded our
technology to a map um yeah see if she
sees you're going yeah I think we're
here this is the school that we're
trying to get to which is right here and
we are here and I think we just need to
get an end this street here and take a
left
I think so I hope so I may be completely
wrong we're getting close look
University we are right over there we
went along they say a lock University
the PISA that's a neat oh is it that's
just a normal University okay
the roads are a bit it's like a trip oh
gosh I wish you get almost there look at
this place down school your grandpa used
to walk along here yeah Oh was he gonna
no no no no no no I coulda said that
you're breathing right here here we are
tada Julio's did your dad sit not
balcony there the dress the crowds if he
lives in your face oh it's a boarding
school no universe
how 14 University how do you say that
squadala normally I'm gonna stay here
he's pretty scary gonna get out and walk
around him oh yeah give you tiny with a
background right so I think was I was it
seven people
nine people seven or nine people out of
the whole country are chosen at once a
year is it to attend on Anna's dad was
one of them that's what it was and he
was chosen and what was it for horses
like subject or specialty Oh
literature literature tonight is pretty
like this dr. okoda not let any young
Hawkins I mean it's not just like
language yeah this we raisin everybody
we're like we dad went onto him like a
magnet or a it sounds like faster he
wrote it looks like cool would it be to
be one of seven or nine of your country
to be chosen to like represent your
country in this like school college
college
it's so cool huh I'm proud of you and he
I didn't know I was your part of it huh
I'm jacking be part of it now so Tony
Jodi score yeah I bought into it that's
basically my house now essentially
buongiorno
I'm going to UM Kiki Kathy alright we
have God it is a quarter past four and
twenty two five leaves you back there we
found a little place it's got its put a
big one but it's crazy chair
it's crazy baby chair Barry Barry the
baby chair all right Barry a baby chair
we need to put this on dear friends some
fresh Italian made food let's try it
hmm
is good you know it it's only garlic Oh
rucola mozzarella parmesan this is some
sort of a beef thing and I got the
prosciutto and mozzarella yeah yeah we
got picture
like 10 seconds see what time we got all
right we'll make it okay in order to fit
into food we had to brace and then they
didn't take card machine side to point
an ATM and then the first h√± didn't
work second a chair didn't work I have
to ruin life and we're all the way back
pick up an ax and I have to run try and
pick up the coach before it leaves her
else were stranded here all this just so
I can have some nice good in Italy it's
like you've ten minutes enjoy Italy huge
goodbye visa hopefully the tower doesn't
fall over anytime soon hopefully we
don't get run over any time soon it was
a short quick stop it's pretty cool I've
never seen that before that's cool we
made it I made it back in time for a
crew but here look we gets you to terror
again there it is hopefully it doesn't
fall over some mini blaster bow sadly in
Pisa it's actually neared a university
that we're rocking so many guys live in
Pisa right and you find the boat take a
picture of it thank you dress and know
that it's in a happy place
coz Emilio's last pose in Naples rent oh
and now Pisa
Bracey doing a world tour I'm gonna
travel the world I'm gonna lose bows
along the way we just won't geotag them
so it makes it a little bit harder to
find but if you do happen to find it P o
box to 1114 watch the street West Thanks
you seen email friends who's reeling oh
you're wet
so cute huh Emilio in the middle a
little italy shipping was on at night
but it's all lit up
let's go like myself in the media what
kind of matching my top and her little
dress cupcake land let's go cupcake land
friend
okay good luck friends cakepops oil cake
pops cappuccinos oh my goodness woman
here for your birthday you don't
remember because I ate them all yeah but
there was cake pops why don't we get
hurt
mmm cuckoo is reppin Nana banana one
she's a fan of that oh did you have a
cupcake did you have a cupcake did you
have a cupcake teaching and through me
answer me did you have a cupcake what
but what the sparkly floor
yeah
come on
whoa
let's go charge
to busy
yeah one year one year yeah 30 months
yeah
come here gimme come here don't go out
there
don't go out there
you guys gonna get a magnet I mean yeah
who's this oh you've got the world over
let's put them all like can I have that
we in the moon here
we got oh yes I see so it does something
chuckle buddy motion activated rolls and
laughs no that's not turned on open a
rainbow bridge oh it's really I'm pretty
flashing tonight
come on almost
a
I was I just turning around
who you don't you go back oh that's not
what I'm try sushi ports and teriyaki
beef
turns stir-fry
try that
about the Jade bar on the boat so I just
break out right we got at beef and think
it's a beef stir-fry and soy sauce I got
that teriyaki strips of beef we got five
different types of noodles let me share
that is and jasmine rice oh yeah she is
and fish friend she got the pork chops
and the fries yummy
Oh lemonade lemonade on board it's
actually one good Nick yeah my said you
should come here for the lemonade
I'll give you five
and we are back over the Rainbow Bridge
a single most favorite thing to do on
the boat is to walk in the Rainbow
Bridge
I know kind of ship as well
yeah what you want huh huh huh where
I've been enjoying spent well Ben and
Jerry's not just Ben or Carrie
Ben and Jerry's huh Oh coke coke up I'll
go to Manley hope the man wake up
would you get the butter oh jeez butter
just the cone of butter fresh butter who
you looking at huh you're looking at
your friend hi friend although my name
is Roger for raw heroin and I'll help
you add a roaring good time
Royal Caribbean a did you ever Roger in
good time a what if I may is that so
funny
yes there's an elephant we think it's a
dog yeah alright so from a pyramid or
something anyway it is like the boat is
moving like it's never moved before so
we're going to show you guys I don't
know if you'd be able to see anything
there's like superstore meat here here
you might be able to hearing him he's
right
all right friends it's time for
beddy-byes so I'm gonna go to Betty boys
is it want to adapt anyways you gonna
sing a song selfie selfie face selfie oh
geez okay guys we have a big long
traveling late tomorrow so it must be
jeweled farewell BG farewell Frodo thank
you for watching our videos and humming
it up and leaving a nice comment and
we'll see you tomorrow for another
country and this show hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
