Taurus
yeah it was a four era one which is
turned into six hours now yeah but she's
ahead while I got half a bit of pizza
today that's it all day and she's just
been like falling asleep all the time
I'm sorry baby
well were you guys seeing this out of
friends check it out look where we ended
up this morning I can tell where we
actually have to take that boat into it
but I'm and that's so cool it's nice and
monaco is it's so beautiful to wake up
to that
Oh morning friend my friend look huh
what do you think no nothing not not
interesting enough for you wait more
daddy we've gone to a naughty meeting
which to meet somebody so Millie and I
are dining alone for breakfast
she's having some Cheerios and I think
she's gonna have some pancakes but I
can't meet her there's like a whole
buffet I need to show you by really
really cool and it's all-you-can-eat so
you can have whatever so try and be
careful because you could get like
pretty fine on a cruise shoot putting
the food and it's good that there's
there's a lot of it
we are in Nice
I remember my prenatals this morning
pretending to take images
Oh breakfast a cube we have a root and a
muffin
yeah that's what normal you're my friend
oh I always got the big football you
know and usually be a red rose for you
feel like you can see the - a cross on
pancakes and this is the moment in time
is roughly versatile I think I've ever
had a sweet waffle well I'm in the
middle but I'll try it
that was nice oh my god smells amazing
well I just driving to a casino trying
to find they're pretty get off the ship
very clearly March I made it printed or
wrong airship when you're in wrong area
 so Blake takes about an hour to
just intersection ship we got our
tickets we are things I'm really annoyed
left i wings up in rooms and drive as a
wear a wedding ring so now it just looks
like werner opened some options in
Montecarlo that is true
hopefully I find a billionaire actually
we accept 606 jobs to babies I don't
know if I could take a bite to the dogs
showing them in the house wife things to
guide anyone says
yeah yeah oh I thought you don't like
you are up there somewhere
no idea site at the bones because she
was getting penny Frankie
I can't wait if we wanted to do Sun to
page too long I was like paying hours
Racing to be wearing happy happy
it's a nice food here as well
Oh
you open your shirt Stephen my sticker
that's uh stickers we can get back in
the boat friend so this will be honest
first time ever stepping on French soil
first time ever I know your quarter
French what is she my family's francs
for the maker she's so much right I lost
track fourth-generation yeah yeah yeah
that's your hometown
well I got me some neon friends well
he's close enough I'll find that I get
it on a standard
first step into France huh Amelia's
first time in franchise oh well she
wheeled in the France she has yet to
actually step on French style now look
at ahead of you at that wonderful
landscape of the Alps and to the right
is lovely leisure part we're still in
Europe whoa this thing here look at the
trains it's like in Sorrento the little
train grabs it the train goes choo choo
you get train to sorrento from Monaco
you guys need a Monaco
no wait isn't it like 40,000 people that
live in this entire country 30,000
people oh my god leave a comment if you
to Monaco it will be epic you should
meet him but like when versus we're
gonna go and knock in the princes have
CDs there it was up what's up Prince e
okay
operation changed a baby on a bench in
Monaco beside this guy here if you ever
been to this guy here Emilia got a do
not be changed right here well we're
hoping so I'm sorry friend it's an
emergency situation it's you it's
incredible how cool-looking I truly
Castle
well it's kind of a like half castle
this is so cool look at it move you rock
up there so cool oh cool you're so cool
again la Commedia
Oh side streets of Monaco pizza
it will be nice friend fortune we have
like 15 minutes
Oh craps oh yeah let's go oh you want a
hut
it's about it maybe defend then you ever
have pizza in Monaco we recommend this
little laughs okay VIP very Italian
pizza it's not fancy hilarious though
he's like no time you story share
contain sometimes like tomorrow we're
going to Pisa but we're doing like a
free roam so we just basically get a
lift off the boat which would be a lot
more fun no more friend all right sorry
Geico oh my goodness it's probably quite
windy but you have to see this it is
walking around Monaco like it here
Monaco Baxter chap and friend huh
extreme shopping
no probably enough time litter I'll keep
going I was like a special dog place on
geez so it's definitely not kid-friendly
mister taking it more because everyone
like the abandoned us
geologists like rushed ahead I'll keep
like slider stairs the window for about
ten miles then she's gone everyone's
gone yeah and then we didn't stop for
food all day just to get it yeah we're
trying to like change her on the bench
and change or so forth in general
complaining about it this is not being a
very good experience I got always trying
put on like a happy face and try and
just show you guys the happiness stuff
but then it was just building up and
building up and it's just like
-
yeah it was a four era one which is
turned into six hours now yeah but she's
ahead while I got half a bit of pizza
today that's it all day and she's just
been like falling asleep all the time
me sorry baby
at least like we should be like getting
back on a puss
we have no other choice like we have to
and just get back to the boat your
friend
- bye gotta go find our big boat I don't
think that's the ship he takes a bit too
small this place is amazing on
so
I would be happy to stay here all day
brightness bonnet amazing
oh my goodness it is at 95% where is it
89% processing we're just still on GMT
time it's 555 oh my goodness are we
gonna do this I literally got off the
boat that gets to the ship right and I
actually had a meeting in my hands and I
ran up all the stairs like holding
meteos I got honest a backward at the
stroller so she takes the elevator I
just ran up here picked over a door ah
turn on the laptop upload a video like
hey sorry she ate like nothing Lucy was
in the middle snacks in supplies yeah oh
here hun today was a scrap of pizza all
I had was a pizza from I'm told we were
going to Monte Carlo to get like that's
funny yeah I would suppose nobody would
be like epic and then nice things like
oh I mean it was amazing don't get me
wrong
yeah yeah yeah thing in a side street we
were like oh this is the best food I've
ever had in Monte Carlo because it won
it was amazing okay what if we got
friends so hungry um um to eat one of
these and she is so good the entire time
is right we should I pose cuz we picked
the like you know main treat to for our
excursion so it would be a light one and
a turn HBO at six and a half hours
walking and no food no toilet breaks no
water I got a pregnant wife and a baby
home witness we got cheesy come on soon
why not the Hennessy I don't know I
don't know if I could do a guided tour
again yeah we're supposed to be going to
Pisa tomorrow but now we're all like
doubting ourselves like all my goodness
but Pisa is supposed to be free for all
I know I guess I just I think it's
unfair if you're on a boss yeah crying
baby and
have to sit separate because two people
want the window seat yeah that's unfair
and I know everybody is different but I
know if it were me and if there was a
couple there with a baby or a family I
would be like hey do you want it you
know I can move and you guys we're like
passing her front and back over see set
he's a cheesy puffs friend she did
really well she did really well come on
what are you playing at
process oh my goodness
two minutes to go two minutes ago I have
yet to fail to get to video of it six
o'clock if you watch the video you're
probably refreshing at this point at two
minutes you're waiting for it well jovi
jokes was in a minute mediterranean on a
ship drastically trying to get to the
hero up oh this dress who looked as if
there's a lighthouse over here look how
light s is cool
come on step over step step step step
okay huh
doesn't grandpa rabbit working the
lighthouse scrub a rabbit working away
that's friend yeah my toes I think it's
I think you're wasted on you
wha yep-yep-yep yep-yep-yep yep-yep-yep
do that again again and again it was
hilarious
you know you get dude oh yeah red very
sorry we have four didn't didn't ended
well you trying to wear my shoes she was
wearing my shoes
Oh Melia very character and a half you
gonna close that yeah yeah it's probably
best good one leave that door open so
tonight we decided with you the book
late into the day we had always make out
up without eating ourselves to a
conscious station like
like a cake for a section as well which
like so much crazy stuff there's just so
much food here like when we just go
mentals and just order like everything
like all food that they have so there
are trade intersection I'm texting to
select straight to the dessert section
you could actually sit here all night
long eating out looking for trade so I
can hook up at the same time okay they
were afraid oh my god
people are saying the comments like I
haven't showed this much food and stuff
like that it's like because there's so
much other stuff to show so today's
video sorry it's going to have a lot of
food involved oh my god I don't even
know what even show you what I got for
let's just say I got everything and
Emilia didn't make it she's she crashed
so I'm when I'm moving on to the dessert
section of the city
she might as well have a look as a
copywriter at it we got to work off that
Jonathan said and it's not happy out
here she says it's too cold and I'm
forcing her she's a Steve excellent I
just wanted to see this late at night
hey we've seen it let's go
we're just one quick lap can we go
upstairs to a higher level no no I
decided to come today actually a cafe on
board to get like a coffee instead of
doing that I tore it up this is like the
premium tastiest and I think again like
for this morning me just ask for time
with you and you can just eat it leave
it
Milly's get one huh got a cookie cookie
huh are you looking at you got your
friends over there then we're going to
go to the cupcake place and then we're
gonna go to Ben and Jerry's oh yeah
we're going all out today friends hello
mm-hmm have you been eating some red
licorice some red licorice huh you will
need the foxy socks hmm we've had such a
fun-filled emotionally-charged day we
must say bid you adieu actually put you
guys tonight
would you like to look it's like a
secret six atoms together you guys want
to spend a night in a secret cabin huh
okay Oh chips jeepers
ha okay hey you guys look after the
secret agent super surprise party cabin
I'll see you guys good morning don't be
afraid to hit the like button leave a
nice comment and hook a friend Hey okay
hi hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
haha
