yeah Emilia Thomasina come on you may be
late for school
you're gonna be late for school we are
in two wrong left horn sorry let me show
you I'm sure you close France using on a
better series you're busy busy busy busy
busy
he looks like an aircraft carrier it's
kind of cool well yeah went to sleep in
Spain woke up in France it's better go
fast okay mommy's over there somewhere
Tommy's over there somewhere getting
some food
look at the beautiful house pretty cool
few friends Amelia I'm Koka Media
encoder hi honey
girl our way to so which actually
offered to clean a lot of plastic bit by
the way I suppose ones that with the
scoop out they get kind of funky to have
disinfectant like she actually offered
to clean that those really nice you walk
you go right over
yeah we have to go this way we have to
go get dressed
Jonathan she has her Oh steal your
pancake in her mouth Amelia Amelia found
a druggie friends medium who's this this
is doggies good boy boy that doggie
friend
a minute ago no I missed it
she's just obsessed with like stairs the
bridge thing imagine a casino good luck
look at you standing in an elevator hi
you're going to leave pictures
shareholder balance this works a little
step good
oh it's not as dramatic as last night
because it was dark yeah come on girl
yeah I didn't get the darkness all blue
lights and it was strobes and stuff
going off
he's probably waiting more like exciting
that seems pretty exciting now she's off
rule
she is operable hi
is it midbass news mom's going off to
the spa but you and me are gonna stay
here with Fox and Sox's oh she's envious
Oh Oh what
poor old Fox lost his sucks looks in a
chest
so last night she actually took the book
went over to the door and started like
opening the chest and opening the stove
and scientist sucks
sorry I don't know is that you okay on
it goes when I've got cold toes under
stare he's a shirt to it this is the
spot so it looks like I thought she was
not that hard to find
I'm surprising myself because my not
ditions like crap no I find it pretty
easy
I'm just getting my money and my nails
are splitting though because like I told
today this pregnancy they've been
feeling really bad where's the last one
it was really long and strong so I
couldn't work but she did a good job she
brought them out and everything I
haven't got my Coria this is the color
shoes
CND a rose or a parfait oh my god
they're so pretty I'm wearing a pink
dress
Nene anxious coastal actually has
toenails
yes toenails
huh if you got toenails Oh we'll stick
your bum in the air we had a nice big
our snooze now we're just waiting for
mom to come whoa where are you going huh
knowing for mommy to come and then we're
going on another adventure well that's
gonna eventually I think I'm going to go
and see how the boat walks I think we're
gonna go drive the boat friend I asked
her to drive the boat we'll see you dad
at me so my nails were really yellow
before like stained because I'm
constantly polishing and so my spa
therapist used this dog is me it's the
tea tree SOS grey by EL MS okay I hate
showing my toes I think it is gross like
seriously they're like white you should
I should have done it before and after
shot but um thank you
I can't show you my nails now because
they're painted but the difference is
amazing so I need to get so so much
better on my spa surface keep its PETA
yeah yeah
really good if you come here you should
get her you're very like thorough if you
do everything perfect don't watch me
okay oh it's a black that room I'm gonna
level 10 I'm gonna try to ship gonna be
too captain all right that's behavior
that's Oh everything will be fine don't
worry about what having which one's
decelerated up up your braid the
touching kids actually do move it lazy
you do actually drive a boat when it's
very well you don't drive both are you
said about your navigate a ship there we
go
no words right so I like the compass in
the ruler young we still have that still
have a compass and we never know we
still have a divider and yeah put in
opposite but no without GPS and you have
this problem in your parts Rev video
don't press that button it's a red
button what does that do stops the
steering pumps do you see Renee's me
like Captain's Log seater yeah
it doesn't become man and she took it ah
what's happened to poop on it yeah oh is
it moves is it yeah go get this this is
where you walk the plank yeah look at
that I go high up you're right this is
so cool I would have walked around yeah
I was just going back to the ship and
then I didn't feel the ship move when I
was driving it fun Elena I really want
to get a cockpit tonight yeah deaf
person here we're trying to see if we
can get at some co-pay stuff gonna go
cupcake glasses or something
thank you it's not yeah oh I think I'm
gonna cancel her FlowRider tonight
whoo zero upstairs we're upstairs like
freezing like I was gonna do Flo Rida
but it's so cold I'm like I don't know
the captain said is 20 degrees
yeah but it is to see ya it's I know
it's warm in here
would you miss me you may think we need
to buy her yeah
oh just do it are you going to get
across that I mean it's fancy accessory
no you can't see oh you got it covered
okay where's fun friends I'm we managed
to buck in for the cupcake thing
tomorrow at 7:00 we're gonna get lessons
you pushy you gotta push it okay so I
have to do I have to do with Ben and
Jerry's and I got some early coffee I'm
actually at a coffee in like a few days
for a lot of few days since you've been
here and I was like I'm like three or
four coffees a day so I have seven
desert of withdrawals and then I have to
just get the manager because I was
wondering thanks everyone the comments
are saying last time I lived in the
manager Ben Jerry's is so good so we had
to find out for ourselves
let media got some to you well you guys
don't mind media has gone off she's gone
around she's working through the menu
she's working working the tables she
works here now
moving on friends I give this beautiful
fair this is called pyre nine like right
at the top oh oh you split the drinks
what's a scary it is gonna Terry I just
thinking oh hey just engaged to win
there just at this moment Falls true
apparently the captain was also telling
me that right there this is the biggest
naval fleet in the Mediterranean
it's a French fleet and Napoleon built
this entire Bay area and it has like am
some sort of a ring around it well yeah
that's it the biggest naval fleet in the
Mediterranean is right here I asked you
we have a code review like it you know
bow to up or ship swap we get have a go
on an aircraft carrier send us out
unlikely
it's an unlikely situation this thing is
so big hmm
it's got an ample we drive - I think we
won - n Monte Carlo tomorrow
oh yeah actually we're going to get off
the boat heading to Monaco I'm thinking
regatta it assonance up there that's
pretty cool somebody definitely needs to
not be changed
whose turn is it huh the mommy say mommy
mom mommy who do you want who do you
want who do you want change a nappy
mama mama or Dada or just even touch the
person that you wanted to change a nappy
Oh seems like a mama it seems like a
mama mama situation no I did
no no did you change me when I was in
upstairs I changed when when you were at
the beauty saw also so we're even
Stevens like my man Julie drooly Angela
named Angela what's for there butch Ella
what's my name goodbye France no oh yeah
we are still gonna friends well we're
gonna Monaco nice I'm Monaco nieces in
France for Monaco's not ah no this its
own little thing tonight we're going to
his big formal
I got my suit dry-cleaned my little
things well I gotta see dry-cleaned for
tonight
it's the Azshara one that I want my
sister's wedding
and I got my Sheridan sighs manager so
we're gonna be all dressed up tonight
it's fancy night fancy night from the
room
how's he getting into monocle and a top
hat house asking like when I come on
like will they actually um you know what
trumpet Sam uh-huh
now announcing the Sicari Jerry's no
well me too cuz this it is like one the
Royal carry so no technically I'm a
royal Amelia is
get the elevator me it's going to go for
us all we're going to be late because of
elevators that's why we're late for
everything okay oh no five so wrap the
fancy dancer dining place hello you're
enjoying your fancy dancing dining
experience hmm they didn't blow trumpets
I came in I was like where's the
trumpets ready go for it we got our
trumpet we got our trumpet huh
now you've had an official over a royal
dining experience
is the Queen on board volunteering oh oh
you might even recognize her for Millia
his team badly I mean the poor thing we
get rid of the food there to see if she
is actually peeing and you're gonna win
haven't you somebody looking I always
forget when a room is here bunchy oh my
god so the guy turned into room nobody
did like you made an elephant you put
the sunglasses on the elephant was it
supposed to be this oh whoa ladies in
touch
he's just oh he's good this is gonna be
diving some kind to get fun jela but she
actually should be back
my problem
but
all right
we are friends coming off
this is what the main dining hall looks
like is what it looks like running
around the main dining hall where we
going
what do you think Ben Jung meow meow
meow meow yeah I look at I got the
meringue
mehran and then pretty much everyone
copies me oh no you copied me you got me
media that's what I got yesterday it's
got a kick to it
a good case you might need it you might
need a light nap afterwards
it's Amelia's newest game they put
school's up here take the spoon what do
we do the drop them on the floor I think
it's when I picked them up as a bone
part she's learning how to control huh
my contact is like oh no she's his name
with a pen yeah yeah I got all three he
that smarted
again we're back on the road gonna run
out of friends
where are you will spot a shop and
friend you can choose two kids they'd be
in a row
it's like roaming around the shops
shopping like fit at midnight shopping
see nice stuff huh
I think you've Amelia I want to review
the boat she would say this bridge is
the best part of the boat
she loves the bridge yeah watch your
step there
why what are you gonna again are you
gonna give me young come on Bren we
gotta go home you I just wanna get I
love this Star Wars posters the Star
Wars aren't I know I ran him in bed if
you ever do come in this cruise ship
this is the room you want thank yous all
right so I was looking at some comments
here but it did a bit where is it kinda
thought I had a job is filming stars at
night please must be impressive ok you
stay there a friend okay um very problem
with doing this is I don't think you're
gonna be able to see anything oh-ho
Nicky baby hello Nicky baby oh okay come
on let's go inside it's going tank well
I tried I tried to give you guys it's
kinda hard to see the stars at night you
know I can see them but the camera won't
pick them up no sorry about that anyway
where should we play our friends tonight
someone said em I'd actually taught
about doing it they were like oh you
should try to come overboard and I
looked at it and I was like when I could
have a rope tied to it and I was like
why don't the Rope snips okay I won't be
able to go down there and get the
footage back boyfriend huh we're old
friend so we had the life jackets
how many other options is that for the
old sock drawer job is a subtour that
these are my socks take good care of
them okay there I don't know what no
what sizes they are so take it sucker
oh there's a little thank you okay put
your cane it that I breath hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
