you know while you're watching this
video right now the super super special
surprised by the picture has begun we're
not even here we're not even here we're
like over there has begun what's that
that's a peanut mm-hmm the peanut who
eats the peanut
I think the monkey where's the monkey
here look media let's feed the monk you
know okay grab the peanut no okay we
could use the Apple too good girl okay
what does the monkey have like the
monkey wants a peanut can I have a
peanut please there you go push it in
good girl
carrot who has carrots oh the bunny what
the bunny has carrots here let's do hmm
let's do Panda what does panda house at
least good girl this way now push it in
good girl oh no I don't like carrots
she's so cute she's putting just bring
in all the cupcake magnets from her room
onto our radiator in our room it's so
cute and she's always like so busy all
the time what are you doing oh hi you're
gonna give us some more yeah cupcake
friends huh good girl you're so busy
busy busy busy
ah mmm pretty her face lit up when I
took at the nail polishes I found her in
the cupcake room she had taken which
well she can't take them at herself but
she had gone over to the nail polishes
and she was looking at the boxes and so
I caught her
boy I took mine out for her to get the
pink so now she's playing but her face
lit up like as soon as I took the
matches just like this is so cute
so I just put on my eyelash jumper the
one that's like super fuzzy and so cozy
for the first time and you guys let me
know what you think I don't know I think
it's really cute it does I will say this
it does make me look at that like 50
pens bigger than I am but you know I'm
pregnant so it's okay um but I like it
it yeah it's not like the most
flattering but then I think with skinny
jeans it kind of works I don't know let
me know what you guys think oh my
goodness I don't know if that's gonna
fit you I mean that's for you yeah for
you don't put it in I got some soup sure
I got the soup in a row right and I came
home and I walked past and I was like
second a pizza party okay what's going
on here I know I do like when she hugged
my thing we got sent this thing oh you
gotta be 20 weeks baby bump sound system
it's like I'm a sub amp
dude you are you okay do you mind us
doing this without your brother or
sister he didn't actually
well you're not most women
your aniseh Coony oh goodness sake you
guys the Coney Thole dopey jokes
recording sent free messages I like the
way it says like record and send free
messages I'm like well obviously it's a
free man or the pain subscription basis
um plug the thing in I think you plug
into your iPod or something
and then it plays music into the belly
cool we will play her to be ball but the
vampy game a navy and dip with me if you
and whatever other songs you come up
with what streamed them directly to no
name or leave me a link get throw us a
few cuz song ideas in the comments right
woo it's sexy smexy sexy yeah you look
pretty cool it's sexy sexy there's a bit
of a gap exposing yourself but it's cool
I mean you should totally bring that
bring it any if you don't feel like
wearing it don't worry about it it's
really cool needle critique my teeth the
socks
they look like argyle socks oh yeah you
know looks like though a couple of hours
to go and Jeff is like oh oh bring me
pain stage and don't bring this one in
the ring this one and then everything
else should be okay actually do you know
what you just put my hand in here that
shirt goes on but my socks be fun and I
cover it up high joint this look ma I
got a new cover not cool yeah good
morning again friendly it's pangaea's
friend all right
hey daddy keyring mommy clozapine in the
wash so we're not psycho stops yeah
you can actually just put it on the
dryer
okay well put the sooner in the dryer it
needs to goes in the dryer before it's
too full goes yeah 250
yeah wait so if we want to have
everything done but I pretty much pack
everything that I dropped the Sorento I
don't want Sorento pile and I just put
it back in the suitcase and closed it
over yeah see for me it's harder because
I'm pregnant this time oh you're a
hundred percent you weren't even like
you lost all your baby weight never yeah
person yeah I know Thanks
and now I'm pregnant so it's harder
because yeah if you be hot though but if
I weren't pregnant yeah it would
probably pack pretty much everything the
same as what we had in Sorento but none
of those things fit me anymore so I have
to pack two year ago ya know cuz that's
the new cover she's like oh my god I
remember I took that picture of you and
her like in that spot yeah just like
this yeah and she was so tiny in there
she's like big girl big yeah you're
gonna have so much fun under
super-secretive in Japan I know
during that yeah I know preview what did
you get from home
look it's a pity it's a piggy remember
where you saw these remember and oh my
god you want nash's looking at the place
yeah I know
say hi say hi you pussycat
Hey learn a new word today
oh yeah because that toy that you got
hurt the the wooden one I'm trying to
decide which cake to have I think I like
the nut one the not coffee one I
definitely am not having because but I'm
not really that in chocolate but Amelia
had brandy because she does like
chocolate and then there's a lemon so
it's between that and that these are
from are they from Middleton from the
funny yeah oh yeah Bonnie Lou and we
also got a pumpkin like punching thing
our Garland
yeah garden that's do you call it so
amelia is gonna like when I put that up
too I just dropped Erica into town hey
I'm not in y'all's pre-travel
Ordnung somebody's bad boy some he's
kind of good because I mean there's a
couple of nights where there's formal
and soft soil when I planned this that
during the day we can go just like kinda
in shorty shorts and deep V's and then
at night time will I break out the old
suits suits and shirts I love this one
where did I get this one I think is one
of these handy is when his hand was like
I was like cotton but it's like super
fitted so nice it's so nice you got
about two or three of these I got from
this a tailor he was like one of the
sides fees from we're in Sorrento I got
it it's like so but am there any kind of
wear them around but now I'm having
excuse t at all dolled up sitting at the
capital nothing nothing nothing at all I
said what do you like think you can take
her without the sauce what we're not
some chicken tikka without the songs I
would like some chicken tikka without
the sauce this is it lads this is your
treat for a week
alright save it now dog it's already
gone you're supposed to save it this is
what does your packed lunch for the week
yeah I mean yes and you can take out put
some tomato and other sort of stuff
there first you continue oh we've made
it before
what's your first one from ash from
Bollywood
I got the what you get vegetable ba I
made that and I got the Parma behula
karma hold you like ba Hoonah or Co
forma and we got B or boring rice also
known as boiled rice more a nice fried
rice pudding rice boiled rice boring
rice all right
Darya friends are almost ready mean
isn't here playing with the magnets huh
that's dirty
that's a bin yeah blunt start bring them
in there one at a time
alright folks we already ready to go an
adventure
hey guys huh your mom's car uh-huh no
remover in a sec keep the model of mom's
car huh
she loves in their hair friends
technically the adventure begins now
whoa oh he's gonna moon if the moon up
the moon in the sky
it's a full moon excited I can't see
anything now because I am in the
backseat I was I'm restricted to the
backseat because I'm the better I am
very excited now I have to say this is
my first midnight adventure and so it's
after good dad
and I heard their throat the walkies are
this on earth every day yeah and you all
get to go together
yeah that's be great now and this is my
first time in the miss Mercedes how does
that work very lovely yeah better
stuffed blanket and Yvonne hi friend
you're up pretty late here I'm pretty
late watching a favorite show me and
she's like glued to the screen
especially the price of the cheese's oh
she's in it's like hey babies pretty
cool that baby's pretty cool I'm gonna
give that a thumbs up you're gonna give
it a thumbs up I'm gonna give it a
thumbs up are you couldn't you two
thumbs up
well it's time to say goodbye to our
friend list because the super special
secret surprise party adventure kind of
technology has already begun when you're
watching this video it'll be in full
swing
don't knock your friends in the house
but we better go to bed because I've got
to get the vlog done tonight and get it
uploaded get it done before we leave
hey it's gonna be fine it's gonna be off
the hook
hope you guys are excited you're coming
along pretty adventure adventure say
night-night your friends we make meet
your friends what you want to put them
I'll put them in the shoe okay in
machines oh hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
