we've come to find pumpkins we just
found a pile of baby pumpkins but we
think that this big pumpkins here too
come on friends arms over here run away
oh I see them up there
good morning my friend
my little friendliest friend what are
you doing here hey you uh is there a dog
over there there you you piling up here
you packing up your troubles huh huh
mom's gone around the house making
packing lists for everybody we have to
check the temperature of the different
places we're going and yeah that sounds
like something in some horror movie oh
no it won't stop me just boom boom itch
boomtown did it yeah and then mmm and
mmm and some of the nights there's gonna
be things like there's a formal thing
there's like a white party thing where I
want to suggestions why are you go to a
pool party there's no the fun stuff to
do so she's trying to find all the
different clothes for the formal wear in
the semi-formal I believe I made this
huh
I believe I need you I need you but why
did he trust you then I made you hmm
where's your ass up your sockless friend
you got a windsock situation so I got
these black skinny jeans in my a sass
hall that you guys may have seen and I
wore them last week and I loved them
they're perfect the thing that I really
liked about them is that they're a denim
so they don't attract hair and like you
know little white hairs and things like
that cuz that was my issue with another
pair of black pants that I had like
Maternity they would just attract any
kind of dust it was crazy but these ones
don't and so I was really happy with
that but I washed them last week and
when they came out of the wash they were
all like
we're I don't know if you guys won't be
able to see look you can't see see
that's not dirt or anything it just s
like he came out everywhere creased it
creased like white if that makes sense I
mean I don't know is it supposed to be
like that or is that wrong I don't
really know it strikes me as kind of odd
so I'm actually really disappointed
about that because I really like them so
I'm gonna try washing them again and see
what happens I did wash them with
similar call it like dark colors so I
mean it's not like I want something
something white oh it's stupid but I
don't know what happened it was pretty
annoying and now I'm wearing them for
like an outfit of the day and I'm just
gonna be like um yeah this is awkward
but I don't I don't understand let me
know if you guys have ever had this
happen to you before Anna's putting
petrol in the car
he's mommy doing the car is having some
Vicki's car that of junkie juice look
I'm really close to can I have some
booze please it's the first time putting
it in point out what you takes do you
want to do it or okay you send a car off
though yeah small things like that
please my friend of yours oh yeah it
doesn't matter now you have to listen to
it you have to watch the cartoon okay
just press the button
pick the thing up just pick it up put it
down there you go alright so put a card
in do not move card
yeah take the cards and then lifting up
now you haven't actually on you have
there you go put it in yeah all the way
in and then lift the thing and then just
hold it just fill it up for the top so
just keep on holding it until it stops
it'll stop once it hits the top
hopefully you know like oh there you go
87 41 that's that's quite a big tank to
be honest all right now put this thing
back in here
don't spray patch everywhere yeah pull
slide it in clunk and that's it now
press receipt let's tip it ditch putting
your seat there you go then
how did you pay for it if you didn't
don't have what you want ah no way yes
you prepay to the card the authorize the
card you should probably close that now
we've come to find pumpkins we just
found a pile of baby pumpkins but we
think that this big pumpkins here too
come on friends arms over here run away
oh I see them up there
walking through the market
I see them over there that makes it in
there she's like just too much stuff to
look at
since he's getting distracted oh yeah
let's have a look how many do you want
I don't know I want a few like small
ones as well yeah you look at them far
later
between do you want friends look
pumpkins
me going there you go
Oh be careful well
the Audrey
oh one pumpkin two pumpkins yeah oh it's
a pumpkin soup in there do you think
then forget some cheese some cheese we
can make over
okay maker I get some stuff making an
omelet for lunch all the fun stuff here
it is for fun huh escalator you're any
friend first time now this might feel Oh
what happened
the I fell over more she's prepared
this is not right clearly at the end
here now might even wear to see it ready
now you have to walk again
she's like what kind of world is this
kind of Wireless his friends here we go
again there's another one Oh
ready
what is this huh
you have a let her figure it out
or just to figure TC that it's the big
bad world
she just got afraid she thought there
was like nothing there
hi
oh yeah
No
but
I was hilarious oh never chicken walking
walked at his shop and then she ran back
to the teddy shop you go check that
movie no back
the cow behind in Homer it is known you
almost think it is Halloween so there's
like a big gap pumpkin-carving thing
going on in my on point next week but we
won't be here for whatever on pumpkin
carving at home jambalaya
29:30
for them you might check that our friend
remember are a couple pumpkin-carving
last four nor am i sorry one it didn't
work out so well which I knew a better
repetition
listen to me no Baba listen to me no
Baba he can't be walking around the
house do whatever you want
I've just printed 75 billion pages
literally 75 billion pages that's how
much I've printed I've actually
single-handedly printed a forest come on
up up up up
let's go you gotta leave trapper behind
y'all even behind he's go oh oh we go
quickly make you read will make you
write will make you write like your
pumpkins friend hmm
you know this point I also got loads of
stuff from a boxes of certified organic
fruit and veg for me to deliver from
organic republic dotnet and it's pretty
cool you can order from the farm and
he'll deliver nice one we got some
Tomatoes friends we got some chilies
there for me not for a me do they got
some fresh Street I love these little
sweet peppers and then I think I'm
mushrooms with it yeah I asked some
mushrooms and then we got some pumpkins
look we got a ghost one it's not cool
look it's like a ghost pumpkin a
ghoulish ghost pumpkin and this big bad
boy and then we got a couple other
little pumpkins do you want a drink
is that is that we thought were you
telling me there might be one already in
the fridge for you
chilling Melia this one's children in
the fridge not that one
yeah is that so funny no my goodness
I'll tell you what you are a smart
little baby I don't know if all babies
are as smart you I'm starting to think
that you're smart and you let on hmm
you're smarter than you let on if you
don't go there and get that
so much so much matters matters hey what
are you doing huh oh please
oopsies oops these oopsies coop seeds
it's these cookies
what do you up there huh
what do you up there I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
come on one winds up one foot one
sock one but ones at one foot one sec
one sec one foot one foot once I thought
what's up what's up with the heat you go
get you like a shepherd ruin your little
flock hey is it no wait ohh ok pasta is
ready mm-hmm
forget the know it the chicken to
sebacean
the anticipations too much bread picky a
roast beef and this isn't piggy was
eaten by Xena and this will be Ewing oh
you're so cute dinner went down a storm
there was a storm I didn't need all my
dinner wait who went down his storm
pretty excited to chop up these bad boys
Anna washed him so we got all the the
farmyard stuff off them pretty excited
to watch them what should we make them
let us know because everybody why I
don't know if we have time to do it
tomorrow
all we have to do before we go some
ideas of what we should do make sure you
make ghouls or goblins or smiley faces
or sad faces or should we make a trophy
jokes you make all right oh and if you
don't follow me on Twitter I pretty much
told everyone just there what we're
doing like a super secret special
surprise party adventure I call it a
hashtag ss SS P a super secret files
prior to your picture I pretty much told
you guys where it was it's going to be
epic still be so much fun unfortunately
you can't follow me on Twitter tutorials
to begin with that you guys say
goodnight to your friends oh this could
be actually quite a torch a tickly
torture device you could lock her into
this and you get to go Yuri took around
a time
oh god give mom a big kiss at your
yogurt face media can I begin
recall that it is
here's way that would your mom but oh I
got loved alright let's put you into bed
in the bath in the bed where shall we
put her friends tonight our friends
tonight our friends tonight where shall
we part our presence tonight will I put
them in the fridge he's climbing hold in
the fridge tonight it's which tonight a
French tonight it's gonna call in the
fridge tonight will I put you in here I
won't put you in the back to
celebrations but um you ate the last
time preciate all the thumbs up the
thumbs off you always give us a pic but
like when you leave the comments lately
you boys have been the East in it I'm
talking about beasts in it with the
noise comments yeah victim here chef BAE
those enough homer community so
appreciate that yeah Anna gets fired the
ballot the Bubba's crayons like I got
put in the bat and it goes an awesome
thanks a lot no feeis but no I'm going
to eat you prepare yourselves here it
comes
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
