I know she's like taking all of the
things off the shows I mean here and
like take everything off the shelves
we're upright at area today because what
yeah well I said nothing's going on
friends we're just going on a nice
little adventure absolutely nothing at
all no one's gonna stab you in your arm
sorry Emma is it just a warning today
doh
it's not the - hopefully it's just like
driving along and die mommy's my bull
and I'm good with my daughter hate me
okay that's the problem with getting
these shots and stuff when they get
older it's that they're more aware you
know excuse more of an infant last time
an infantile or now she's like oh she's
gonna know toddler she's six months it's
nothing last we did like this so she's
just gonna like sit there and be like
wait a second why is that girl got that
sharp blade what is she doing
yeah I think oh god that hurts and she
may not forgive us for quite some time
nothing to worry about
we're just gonna nice and walk dog
yeah I know we're gonna do a year one
first and it's getting your shots first
you're getting your shots first
yeah girls need to get em and safe to
travel form for no reason at all it's
all done telling is that you good run
y-yeah what did i do leaves in your car
you can't blame a man for having these
leaves in your car - light to see
forward about a mile well yeah it's a
damn add more we got and then she said
they've give him the meaning mumps and
measles so they infect her he's infected
teeny tiny man she said there is a
chance
yeah wait whose car come on so yeah they
say there's a small chance you could
develop measles or mumps you know
meaning means minimis those are moms got
a center in the next few days but it's
perfectly normal if she does and she
might have four to three days but I
don't know like everything so far to me
I like you know even saying there's like
we've never been home to you I know boy
Rose award that's what you have one in
the car we say like we've never actually
been to the GP with her like she's just
being like such a star that she's never
nothing's ever gone wrong like you don't
I mean she's always forgotten the other
day or a few weeks ago remember she had
like turkey 80.5 or something I was the
highest temperature she ever had other
than that like she seemed like such a
trooper and then she's had no breakfast
he was dragged out here injected in both
legs she's not having a day
that's worthy going in March
havin another Bob would you give us
another Baba woods yet hold the board I
had up how to hear about hard and I'd
like to have another Baba that's out
right for your house
hello VA no feeling lovely fresh oh I'll
get Alex number the sniff of a baby
Oh a lot of times I smell too baby my
baby kisses me now so I don't really
mind so much what it's not other baby
something special so we decided being a
traumatic day mainly hives that we'll go
to the coffee like a snitch I know
Harley bitch come here for what the
middle one friends get the biggest
banana that place yeah this place a
place ready to grab a plate or cakes
everything's better everything's better
with banana bread
fortunately mom is not better though so
what we were at when we were in with our
GP that right and I was chatting away
tonight I don't get it I thought next
time we come back we'll know degenerate
a baby only today like I am but it's a
boy he's like it's a boy it's definitely
a boy
I know I know we have one it was like a
mountain Dew's like not exactly a boy
he's like a lot of women say they come
to Waikiki because I'm very good at
predicting genders very shortly anyway
if he's right or not geez time
constraints had to be picked up my
friend she's taking too long no one
forgets a nice pair of boots they should
sell shoes and boots are you shopping
yeah which we knew it
like this one
get yourself some nappies loved it
will you after huh you like these ones
she's like taking all of them in here
and like take everything off the shelves
so you need boys in the house take care
of new girls - so many books as well our
favorite book of late is this one box of
socks it's actually quite a riveting
story but what's cool about it is that
look you have to look for his socks and
it's really cool because now she'll
actually when you're doing the book with
her reading her story she puts her hands
in she knows to like look in the presses
and stuff that's really really cool what
you got there oh you uh you wanna fix up
the room so we can grant are you so busy
you're always so busy friend I think we
have to put these together I think it
goes like this and something that's to
go here their thing
in here teamwork yeah I can't is it this
one and this one I think that's how it
works
or we could just take them all out and
look at the funny pictures and make a
mess that's also the official way to
play yeah you take it off oh oh please
oh please oh please oh no oh no the
happy
I have the worst just on my cake ever
since I woke up this morning and it's
not going away I feel so sick your dry
skin baby hey what'd you do - daddy do
what'd you do - huh okay so yeah like
it's fine and I sick when I lie down I'm
not sure I did I went back to bed
because
I literally felt like can't even explain
it but when we were walking around like
mmm went to class done everything this
morning I was I just felt so sick like
my stomach was so sore um I don't think
it's morning sickness I think it's
something else
I think it's something I ate worse than
I thought so I was just editing my video
in bed because I felt like every time I
got up
I felt like every time I got off it got
worse hmm I still need to film ah yam ah
mee and the screen mommy who's that
she's at a mood
well she just woke up from right now
panic oh no no she's annoyed I brought
her back into a bed just like what oh
god I'm hungry
ate mate I hate radio stations put a
song on right and the song kicks in and
you're like oh yeah you Jack here I feel
like I love the song and they cooked you
like and that's the song that's coming
ups next and then he played a news and
you're just like what what would you
want me to play the song get me in my
groove and turn it off me like that's
what's coming up and I'm like did that
grind your gears I don't know but he
just did that right there and I just
like was like back when I was in the
third grade and I was like oh yeah I
love the song turn up coming next on Rev
I'm like why would you do that why would
you do that I feel like today was told
not wasted but it just went by so fast
because I had to sick earlier like just
the minute I woke up honestly I just
felt like so so sick and then Bianca
thank you and then hey he'll know how
did you break in anyways um yeah so this
morning I just felt so sick that I had
to go to bed is the only way then tummy
ache would go away was if I was lying
down and I I think I can ever remember
it's the left or the right actually at
the right this time but I remember my
grandmother like my mom's mom used to
say that if you had a stomachache or
like a cramp or like one of those kind
of aches and you're in your tummy
basically that you should lie on you
either your
you're right with your arm like extra
now I couldn't remember which one it was
but for me it felt more I knew it was
one or the other so for me it felt more
comfortable for some reason to go on my
right so I just did that
and it did help but then when I got up
again after actually did fall asleep I
got up again and it was I came back now
it's gone so I'm really relieved about
that because I was kind of scary and
also it was like it felt like a big kind
of person thing so I didn't say anything
to the doctor because I kind of thought
it was something that I ate yesterday or
because I had like some diarrhea as well
so sorry if that's TMI but um that's
kind of how I knew that it was something
like a food issue you know um she's
reading her book clipping her it was so
funny at my doctor's appointment because
I'm pretty sure his scale is wrong like
it's every second time I go so I either
go to the GP or the OB and this time I
was a GP visit and I need two cameras at
the last time I was pregnant that the
scale could be me a lower weight than I
actually was which is always I step on
the scale and it was like 56 kilos and
that's exactly what it said I wanted him
left go in the OB office and he wrote it
in and everything you know 56 kilos
whatever and I was like means I
shouldn't gain any weight since last
month which I know I did so it was like
maybe our scale is wrong is like no I
don't think so
oh we cool but no it would be kind of
weird though if I didn't gain because I
have clearly gained weight since last
one I just thought that was kind of
funny we got the itinerary of our our
super super fun special surprise party
supplies
what oh no no no country but seriously
it is like a community pages of
itinerary with stuff we have so you can
you read true that I don't know some you
guys might have x-ray vision but it's a
lot it's gonna be a lot it's gonna be
awesome it's jam-packed
I'm now going to make a fresh vegetarian
organic homemade skinny cut oven fries
with some breaded Birds my fish and some
pretty prom that's what we called an
Irish dinner lines I know right this is
a proper Irish dinner I think I don't
know I'm Irish this is my dinner
ascension is is entire dinner all to be
cooked in the oven that's the best thing
about these new oven they're not new but
he's read for years but oven fries are
so much better than like a deep-fried
fire thing you know because you can just
like put it all on to the rack and let
it all cook together apart from the
obviously they're pitted Wow who's
excited but it's super super party let's
go my friendliest friend
alright means you got by this oh what's
this a second checkpoint uh-oh
a second checkpoint is being installed
and it's an even more complicated one
he's depress the button
lift it up still an open it's a super so
ok it's not jofi safe let's close it
back over okay you don't be watching
what I'm doing now you want to go on you
want to go and jump down the stairs what
you can't go and jump down the stairs I
just imagine anything fell over no it's
it's pretty sturdy girlfriend it's a bad
time oh I haven't even run it back yet
come ahead of myself haven't even
running infringe hold on see look I
don't have to worry now just being here
doing my thing tingling huh oh my
goodness look at this
geez I must be da and then wore one oh
that looks really sore okay like I'm
swollen it looks huh you don't seem to
mind you don't seem to mind at all
instead it would probably also I look
like this are you good are you good are
you good huh are you going where you off
to
huh all right we better say good night
to our friends don't we see you at your
friends where we fight them we put them
in here hey guys okay night night
friends is a nightmare Brett oh my
goodness look before we say night-night
friends come on try and put these on
will be hilarious trust me he's pretty
second kiss for a second just raise
al-qaeda hooks our again my friendliest
friends we'll see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
