yet the look of you when you kiss me
look at me
hello you won't look at me when you kiss
me hi
good morning my dogs my little doggy
doggy doggy dog you there you there you
go hi Brenda layest does that Casper
your friendliest ghost new mind you're
here wanna go huh
yeah yeah what do you think friend you
stay here uh-huh he's a Casper Casper ah
the friendliest ghost
do you know Hospital fingers ghost yeah
you are the cutest
Judy patootie get your little fences for
me is that marshmallows or sugar or
something
thanks very much thanks very much Yankee
Navy Yankee Navy you don't need a mop
when you have a Maltese you can just use
the Maltese to clean up the floor just
got a bit of a mess there no problem
just clean that up there how you Nevaeh
listen yeah I just got that and her
sleeves I'm some sort of an issue and
this sort of green and all sorts of
things
you're just happily in here so I just
did a whole deep clean of this spice
rack you probably can't tell because it
probably doesn't look any different to
before this is a one flaw though about
this kitchen I love this kitchen
to that like I think it's so amazing and
it's so well designed and everything but
this is the one flaw this wall right
here if you could see it's got all
splash marks on it because it's not
tiled it's painted and no matter how
much you clean that it doesn't come off
and until you repaint it cuz I mean it's
oil and grease and everything from the
cooking you know because this is the
stove obviously and then you just get a
bit of I mean you can't tell from like
here you can't really tell but when you
go up close which nobody really ever
does and if you cook a lot like not that
we cook a ton but even would you cook
almost every night and so of course this
is gonna happen so that was kind of a
design flaw I think but um I think if if
I were to redo that I would do it with
tiles I think that would definitely work
better this is what my little helper
does for me every morning you're gonna
press it press the button for mommy
clean what makes you look good girl go
on
press it no not the red one the green
one
good girl your dog bed
she loves hanging out in there is that
give daddy a kiss kiss me look at me
hello when you kiss me
hi cute kiss the camera freak so epic
yesterday no no no just put your put it
on mommy oh it's over do you hate it
imagine X yes was that a cop sneeze my
do not team call up to your door you can
take it all yeah
so that was my first reverse round
corner it was this bad as I thought and
I remembered my Maryland
so do I turn this off the enjoy press
this button to turn it off yeah unless
you want to use it again or the other
side as well so well done
okay okay our hand signals okay to be
talked with you know okay they're gonna
ask you these in your test there are six
different signals that they will ask you
if your indicator they aren't working
but there are six of them and they would
ask you most certainly what LCDs in your
test would you do it kisses give all my
kisses a lunch but you're calling me in
Lent for myself decided fair bring a one
egg so I'm just gonna pop it in here
with some pepper some chicken and make
some sort of a thing ding dong ding ding
dong
so what I did is I got I was my one egg
and then I put some more stem together
pour that over it like so for this
little it all together this is the
official Squidling waiver when I had to
squiggle just sort of do this Oh craps I
was a serious tasty time how was yours
friend do you eat the plate
oh my god Amelia ate her plate uh-oh Oh
huh
and she had a couple of mine better mine
and she stole my fork right she's the
power of Hercules could you I was trying
to pull it off for his eyes oh my god I
actually I was gonna have to cut her
hair
he's not a Hercules Austin sparrow he's
despair because they're who was that no
Rapunzel the warrior guy what's a turkey
tour no you know he has the long hair
and then they cut his hair off and he's
got no power anymore what's not matter
Kunis
somebody somebody must know about a
technology and let me know
I can't watch ah it wasn't Sinbad
it wasn't Hercules wasn't or it wasn't
Achilles ya know huh somebody somebody
had all the power and he asked the gods
he got the parity guys what are you
doing you guys in trouble huh she was
trying to groom the dolls because
there's a bit of a grooming going on
here there's a glooming going on whores
- yeah that's how I talk girly Oh cuz
they know what a sprays done huh what is
X
Nevaeh I must be off on my way I won't
be long please don't stay away thanks
for shaking my hand friend thanks for
shaking my hand friend huh where you off
to
brotherbrother blue high only ducks are
we on an adventure an adventure ugh I'm
a firstborn boy with me always being a
firstborn we're going on an adventure I
was the first born
D'Arnot my sister was booty booty booty
my dad in a song he grew up right hey
Mimi that's where I got that from my I
don't know I didn't know my dad or Nev
he's young
I know my owning to my dad he's my dad I
didn't know my dad before he was my dad
surprisingly enough but uh yeah maybe he
made tongues up all the time but um get
a song when it was like all of our names
was at rooty-pooty teddy bear and Simon
fireman teddy bear Duncan Bunton teddy
bear and so was good to me yeah by
Schmidt going up for honest died of too
many kids too many children that song
without song would have such a long
chorus if I was to try and include all
of my children what do you get what do
you turn to go on escape an escape for
blown along I love driving along with
the sunroof open it's so nice you know
what I should get a I was just saying it
look at this I'm saying my next car
should be a nice convertible Oh that'd
be nice top down top down and driving
he'd be common if you have a convertible
is it epic I better keep something
because he has that I'm a Honda too long
s he hasn't and he's always saying like
Oh top-down driving is so nice I mean
you think in a country like Ireland
because it's so cold here the top dad
driving isn't really a thing he's like
it doesn't matter you don't need hot
water to be a top driver driver I just
think I I think I'm ready to be topless
that we have a big family car we drive
around in Adams car all the time maybe I
should get like a little tea seater
topless two-seater topless 'mobile
all right leave me come let me know let
me know so this has become our little
routine every time I put on my lipstick
I have to put on some lip balm on to
Amelia because she likes to be like
mommy she's so much she's obsessed with
my lipstick yeah she knows it's coming
okay
open it up see she has already dealt
inside and taken some yeah smell smell
mmm peaches Wow I mean yeah Wow now
she's distracted by the pumpkin pretty
girl now say yeah she's all distracted
what she loves it
okay there you go just lift them these
tights are a size three to six months
but they they still fit because she's
got such short little legs yeah that
your lip balm I need to get your little
ball okay welcome where are we pretty
much only cooked Ciccone in it would
seem we only kept Chico me I think I'll
Bertos that nerve Oh Albie well oh
there's a little fella here's a little
sailor corn in there now little fella
you watching kappa good nice nap she's
woke up from a long nap little pepper
wallet
it's nice I shall make some korma I'm
gonna mix it in with some doing this you
are on this Mina said she wants the
basmati rice you want the rice and said
you can be my assistant
except into the jockey to make it to
Conan don't make these minor my Jackie
ever know many give me forget it forget
it huh I'm never gonna take a smile
she's never gonna crack this smile she's
never gonna crack this smile she's
reading Twitter and I noticed I have 29
that focus I to a 9000 896 Twitter
followers so oh cool is that
so am as soon as I hit 30,000 on Twitter
I will give you guys another clue as to
what we are doing special surprise okay
it's now become a super secret special
surprise party are you excited for a
super secret search to the finest party
is it stay super secret special surprise
party 10 times fast
ready go 10 times fast super secret
special surprise Friday few crazy and
you gotta forward to boosting
consumption surprise party super-secret
special device right super easy because
it's right
super-secret register papa there
anything you examine super-secret
special first party oh I do like to be
beside the seaside
oh what a lot to be beside the sea so
and would you like to come and see to
see which means you feeding your friends
they marry mattress a mattress in
 night foolish ok Sina Bianca
okay
the bay is like wandering around quick
mind gettin into meself low all right
let me remove this because it has the
poison that's doggy poison grapes you
wouldn't like it lads
doggies kind of grapes which means they
can't have a nice glass of wine after a
hard day the office they want to come
home sip a bit of Chardonnay
nope can't be done friend can't be done
there's something on your face as well
 disgrace let's go into the bath
let's go Nicky baby on the run Nicky
baby on the run Nicky baby on the run
when we open for same time tada hmm the
temperature seems right I've already
buddy
oh no it just seems to just be sprouting
Spratt oh geez sorry about that
sorry about that
I feel like me either now peek-a-boo I
see you
be careful I see you you know say you
like your friends day night friendliest
friends oh good night ah mash the tiger
like button
whereas the tiger button you guys are
going in here again tonight hard you
wanna go in here
oh the Kepler he's a check we will get
there
Tamra kisses
all right folks sorry if it's a bit
stinky in there
I'll come collect you in the morning
night-night hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and dont forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
