so for Halloween yank is gonna be in a
box yeah got puppy in a box
what is that is your puppy in a box in a
box
good Sunday what were they I'm drying my
one of my new jumpers can't tumble
direct I'm just trying to get here media
is doing can hurt you and yo fees gonna
get some because we woke up pregnant
like flick 11 right now and I was just
gonna prepare her breakfast we went to
my mom said for dinner last night's we
got home kind of late and also I painted
my nails last night we feel cool so I
did them in a purple
it's called island hopping I think by se
but look at the crackle a nail I put
like a Sally Hansen and silver crackle
and nail polish on top there's my first
time ever doing a crackle nail polish
and I did not know what to expect I was
like okay what is gonna happen here I
don't worked I'm so impressed
oh hi oh hi I just there's my girls okay
oh they both go the same when you pick
them up they both do every cat videos
the movies are gonna restrict you
picker-upper did she pee no I got her
sometimes new you can craft you quickly
like if you used to be in a van and then
newbies develop this like weird thing as
well so any of you go to fasiq if you go
to pick her up with you be his daughter
come here that's it yeah she's like oh
oh oh yeah media kissed us this morning
she does this
so cute anyways so Jocasta a pizza party
Friday night sky saw me cross F at
Howie's and practice buddy Sunday today
cuz I'm filming today cross on morning
Sunday Cory got signed morning son's
name boring I was jealous even my
imagination
I bet cross that morning Sunday warning
a time for the weekend
it's boring Monday so you got enjoy your
day have a cross song for your troubles
away
Tyrel cheesy beer wonder what Irish
sounds like that's alright sounds like
it's the top 40 if you give me Harriet
the top 1 music anyway I got the cross
songs right and I got soup and some
bread roll for laters in case you want
to have a lazy Sunday I've got another
box of celebrations right there like
seven euros and tasks and I was like oh
my god it's amazing six heroes in Tantra
go now go now because she's dead you're
gonna set it and they're gonna be up the
prices on my closer to Christmas elf
boom boom rich hit up Sentra what do you
think friend huh buongiorno huh
we haven't plenty that soon too much
come on let's go anyway pop me pop hello
my puppy friends Manzano high I heard
you coming I hate you coming better size
your feet in that thing sure glad she
has clown feet because the shoe our
thing she's like walking on the back of
them so it looks like she's got like
giant feet what Julio oh you're just
coming to beat on my chair huh
watch out talkies everywhere are you
taking your car
No she's taking the car
she got this poor old Fox has lost his
socks he looks in a chest look in the
chest and it goes but I've got cold toes
under the stair is that shirt to wear
good morning again my little friendly as
friendly as Minnie Mouse Minnie Mouse
Minnie Mouse yeah we turn off the
monitor no more monitoring down with
that sort of thing
hmm Mickey day we've messed your buy it
up now you've made an awful mess of
everything
you made it happen oh is it your diving
you practicing your diving
oh you can't stick your fingers in there
uh-huh
honey then we'll leave you guys yeah you
tell that doll you say what's up doll
what's up Tommy friend
well we got a sister mom
yeah yeah boys like now let's go to
mommy eat your little sandwich Nicky
little sandwich she's having some
chicken baked all it's like a whole
whole meal bagel with chicken and mayo
tomato cucumber the usual stuff rocket
she sucks eating the rocket and some
baby Bell I'm just trying to do some
work and she actually slept for a long
time so that was good because then I got
so I got a lot of stuff done that I need
to get done now my computer is being
crazy
please switch on please hi there we go
it is that is right so I'm doing all
these like I can't show you anything I'm
doing here right but it's all like
accounting stuff right and it's so funny
how this is going through everything I
kind of looked over IQ it is like a
deist a highlighter here you see what I
think she came a once-off yeah I think
it was one of those offers one soft baby
maybe it's upstairs my check found it
fans the suck in question get downstairs
a little peppers
a little pepper spray we're going to
Hanley superstore is right there is that
house right there
watch your puss oh my god the bus car
crashing aw didn't right there it's am i
probably seen it loads of times did you
like the Christmas one whoever sees it
it's a seasonal store so they call it
the seasonal shop yeah they have a big
garden center that's we bought our
Christmas tree you want to get a
Christmas tree in Cork go to hannelius
they have like epic
20 50 foot ones they're technically but
they have this expansion shop let's see
you never come up to it now it's just
like a house and then it's converted
into the season store but it's really
cool look
suddenly seasonal store sample in there
pull in there and go through this day
yeah let's check it in ah okay
it appears to be quite full today this
is gonna be fun for you I think it's
because it's almost Halloween yeah it
was like two weeks away so I'm so glad
to back it up yeah
okay so then oh yeah all right okay
you're okay
nice job
nice day
I totally got this terrifying name is
scary
look at this thing I think if you just
go near it
go near well I don't even bother she's
not a scaredy cat
huh we didn't raise little scaredy-cat
using this step can you make that step
my mommy's hand is that thing we got
last year what does the Yankee Candle
Halloween smelling what does Halloween
smell like cornbread or something oh
look we spotted though who's this this
is George
daddy pink Papa George and well he picks
having some problems huh does that work
okay that doesn't it doesn't appear to
fit look it doesn't it doesn't fit but
it looks like it should go their child
is running away yeah she didn't matter
walking out like you can't even hold her
anymore she's always like come on dad
let's go we go
he has our clocks no white friend for a
minute that's it that's all we got out
of this it's not for you
jeez Louise
this is Bianca Naveen yo I'll be media's
friend last year's like we're more
interested in the life than the actual
thing hey what's this
media what Jeff spiders they're witches
fingers with cheese yay oh my god those
decals were crap they fell down straight
away you know it's supposed to go in
there oh no it doesn't it doesn't stay
it you have to like sit it Oh where's
the coat he's gonna get so annoyed
come on and he didn't really beat the
dodge I'll be running for your life
spots out of you there no Bianca no beat
them beat them all it's a Halloween yank
is gonna be in a box yeah got puppy in a
box
what is that is your puppy in a box is
your puppy in a box
first I put this on Amelia and I was
gonna remember the flight of the
conchords that humans are dead I touched
one it was dead so I pointed over Amelia
but as she didn't like it what are you
gonna do with it oh you're putting that
in there oh it's a good plan oh it's not
working out is it hey let me help let me
help look problem solved teamwork
she's helping make a spaghetti Leone oh
look out sorry this thing looks it's
just like oh hey happy Halloween
it's a sorry sight it's a sorry sight
for sore eyes
check it right here you can get slashes
will be a slashing situation just
flashing and pick in the best oh hey
there friend did you say just wondering
you wonder wonder wonder new wagon the
past then they go we got the meat and
the peppers and stuff oh that's how hard
it is well that was a tasty treat and a
half well isn't it
what's going on here you wanna go for
bath time for a bath time today hmm
that's Nevaeh nuts in there alright lads
we have reached the end of another T
then I hope you won't cry your heart out
does we'll be back tomorrow in Amelia
we put our friends for the night you
guys wanna stay the night
we're gonna have a sleepover sleepover
oh my god can I paint each other's nails
we can like braid each other's hair look
at me Nia knows it to get down off the
couch oh yeah genius I met actually I
created a genius you're gonna do great
things in media you're probably gonna
get the Nobel Peace Prize and wherever
else
Nobel Prizes are available huh
who woulda thought it this is probably
going to be scientific research people
gonna write thesis is about the genius
you guys get to watch a genius be made
obviously you got to watch me another
genius another gene eásá t huh the
genealogy of geniuses all right let's
pop you guys in here what you can now
you can sleep right here
smiley old stuff gang you know ganging
up on you what
no no but that was they were supposed to
watch that DVD no no I mean I'm thinking
I have no medium you need to watch but
those features would you know what okay
well I guess you're gonna be spending
the night in me Lea's ear hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's can dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
