okay I don't want to make this video
maybe I won't but then if I don't I'm
not really adding by not saying anything
but no wait I'm looking for distraction
damn it wasn't a distraction
stop looking for excuses - yeah - walk
away there's only about two people in
the world that know this story Anna my
wife's best friend the person who it
involves pretty sure maybe they've
forgotten I don't know but they know
part of it and I am not entirely sure
that I've really ever told anyone this
if we make this video right if we talk
about this it exists and then I don't
know if I wanted to exist because it
exists in my head but only in my head
you know I'm by saying it out loud on
this camera I kind of make it physical I
make it legit my logical mind tells me
that is nothing to be ashamed of you've
nothing to worry about you did nothing
wrong
you should tell this story there's
another part of me which is the main
reason why I want to make this video is
because that is the guy that is a part
of my mind that's telling me it was my
fault
just shut up and say nothing about it
and hope it goes away
because you're ashamed and embarrassed
of what happened so lately in the media
there's been lots of crazy stuff going
on and a friend of mine Caroline
hyerin's
started at red last night she posed a
question and a lot of people were
responding with their answers of
scenarios you know and it just got me
thinking and I was thinking oh wow like
that happens a lot to a lot of people
you know and then it dawned on me that
oh yeah
it happened to me too so let's start at
the start so about 20 years ago I was
baked into dance and drama and theater
and singing and all that kind of stuff
and I was in a dance club I used to like
tour and do my club dancing and we
perform at big events and huge parades
and kind of stuff there I kind of joined
bands and used to perform and then
eventually I formed a proper band and we
toured and we recorded and it was cool
it was a great time in my life I really
enjoyed it I was like I'm not gonna name
names because I don't know I just I just
I don't know I feel I see I just I don't
know I'm not gonna say who or the name
of a person or anything I don't and I
said and I said I should but I'm not
going to people who were close to me
during that period would probably know
and have probably also been affected by
this person but here we are here we are
20 years later almost 20 years later
and I can still remember it like so
clearly so visually so and almost like
is and and now I have children and now I
have children and everything you do when
you're a parent is you think about what
if that was my kid what if something I
experienced happened to one of my
children how would I react about that ah
my old friends so when I was 19 years
old I was sexually assaulted the impact
that had on my life for the following
decade just
it's hard it's a hard one it was like I
want to make the video and I want to
share the story but then at the same
time I told anyone to watch it I don't I
don't want to be a victim and I I think
why I'm struggling with this video is
because I don't want to be a victim but
I am so one night um I think it was
after one of our concerts and our gigs
we all went out to a club I was 19 at
the time and then I got really drunk as
I did and I felt that this person was
someone that I can trust and someone I
could be vulnerable with so I went back
and say they're flat and next thing you
know I'm like where am I gonna sleep cuz
I'm just like drunk and they're like oh
yeah don't be silly with all the sleep
on this bed like you know so I go up I'm
I'm lying on the bed and then he's like
oh don't be silly like take your clothes
off you know I'm I'm drunk I'm naive I'm
19 I'm not really thinking I'm just like
yeah yeah just whatever got it's bad and
then then I just started feeling someone
some stuff you know
you know my my mom doesn't know about
this because I've always felt too
ashamed to ever tell anyone about this
cuz I feel like it's my fault I feel
like I must have done something wrong
like I mean I must have brought this on
myself like it must've been my fault
like you know I mean the right there
like that I lead him on like that I
suggest you do this or you know I'm like
how did you know and I think that shame
like that's what makes people not talk
about it because you feel like well I
don't want it like I don't want other
people to know you know that I got
myself into that situation so I never
told my mom or my dad or my brothers or
my sisters or most of my friends you
know I'm hoping that nobody's watching
this video right now I'm hoping my mom's
on watching this video right now because
she will know who these people are I'm
talking about you know um when I what I
would do if I find out that Eduardo had
this has happened to Eduardo but that's
the point that's the point of why I want
to make this video because I don't want
to make this video guys I don't want to
tell you this story I don't want to be a
victim but if I don't say something if I
don't tell my story other people are not
going to tell their stories and I am in
a position of influence I'm quite well
known and I have a platform and an
audience and I feel compelled to share
this story this cautionary tale for
young people out there and not just
girls three boys and girls for anybody
anybody out there you know it's like it
happened to me the next day I woke up
sober and aware
um I just got my clothes I left and I
just walked started to walk home you
know it was about 7:00 a.m. and I felt
so dirty I felt so ashamed and shocked
and I I didn't know what to do I didn't
I didn't know anything and I just went
home and had a shower I never told
anyone for about 20 hairs and now I'm
sitting here telling you guys this you
know all the people coming out right now
I'm talking about experience they've had
in the entertainment world and how they
might have been manipulated into a
sexual encounter and you think oh that's
only there that's only there and I'm
like well it actually happened to me you
know and that's that's the problem
that's the problem because I felt that
if I did not participate which I didn't
really participate
I would not you know progress my career
like oh I wanted to be a pop star you
know and I wanted to be a pop star so I
felt if I wanted to be a pop star I need
to not disappoint this person and then
in turn as an adult now looking back I
feel like that person let me down they
disappointed me it haunted me it still
haunts me you know it it probably
affected how I felt
intimately with other people you know
and you want to brush it off and just
think like oh that's what you do you
brush it off when you think oh it was
nothing you know it was just it was
nothing
like in fairness the guy we're talking
about he did stop you know like he did
stop on me he didn't stop on himself
but he stopped on me when I kept like
when I made it very very very clear that
I did not want to participate but at
that point he had you know night done
stuff to me but so I he did stop and
then he did he continued with himself
until it was over
but either way either way I still feel
that probably shouldn't have happened
and that can never happen is any of my
children so I guess that's wrong but
then the way the way somebody is made
feel is so inadequate and shameful
because if this has happened you've
allowed this to happen or this has
happened that you just don't want to
tell anyone that happened and then
therefore by not saying you never
happened therefore it did not happen
therefore it continues to happen I guess
thanks for listening to my story friends
I still still don't wanna make the video
but I guess if I can I guess if I can be
brave then maybe other people can be
brave and other people can talk up and
speak up and the more we talk about
something the less likely it is to
happen again so speak up tell your
stories don't let people in power abused
you don't let people have control over
you or your body or your actions you
know don't be manipulated I was
okay all right
that's it I think thanks for listening
