this matters
you play with the toys last night
Oh Jimmy packets Germany jiminy crickets
the things you find underneath your sofa
when you move it walking baby who is it
Walker are we going where we gone how
are we going
there we go bunk good morning my friend
my little friendliest friends we want we
want you leaking it in great eh oh jesus
that garden is to be taken care of stat
spider Oh a spider a media and a spider
do today like she's just like chewing
ice she's like and it was like there's a
spider in America did her day catch the
spider did you catch the spider I ate
the fly tor not thing it was like I hate
to fly to catch the worm to catch the
bird catch dead no okay well somebody
must remember that oh wait wait wait
small problem we caught a Bianca Navy I
see you I see you doo dee doo tripping
that cable there
let me feel sick the one went all the
babies you got a baby on the outside and
a baby on the inside multiple babies
I was it the tumbler
don't you remember that will read this
over Oh
oh my god did I put the one on that weed
okay that you showed me with me in it
being the media this is so cool if you
guys check this out it's a tumbler
I think it's what you think it's
according to all about calm or something
Ciccone already fine now calm is the
domain look at this in that car it just
keeps playing Thank You Mia it's such a
cool gift the best gifts the best fan
art is on sakuni's you're a fan now
Kappa you need to let's have a big group
snuggles that's it
who brought this not there you brought
this naughty baby it's Nazis nutters
let's make some lunch for everybody this
is what we're using
and our trusty frying pan which is also
a phone as we established yesterday can
also be used as a telephone device from
Elyas
you've got potato you've got a little
blocks of potato blocks the chicken
blocks of peppers blocks of cheese
blocks of egg and blocks away I'm kind
of sure why it's blocks maybe this is
like a Minecraft omelet make everything
into blocks block o tastic
let's plop some milk in there stir
Ciccone in pitoni in some peppers and
little lumps I chopped up the baby bells
I just think it'd be more fun with a bit
of cheese the meat is one down that
looks pretty tasty
alright unto add mommy and daddy's I'm
gonna make ours together since gonna
make one Mungo Bungo tastic time one
poor meeting I was teething again cheeks
are so red her top two molars are off
but the bottom two are big lumps and her
gums you could see them so she's got
this like teething rush he's playing
Peppa Pig hmm why she her face it
but she was so happy when she woke up
with boobie mmm nice treat is wrong with
me today I felt so sick all of a sudden
in the middle of um I was vacuuming and
I actually had to stop and like coasters
and get you back cuz I thought I was
gonna I'd like to throw up I don't think
it's morning suggest I think that's just
like something I ate funnel Joe if he
made us some omelets
I feel out the right now a memory softer
that's news with the meaning uh-oh
that one is the medians one and amelia
is watching at pixar lunch with monsters
which is actually liking it you like
that you make it you dancing to the
music I like your little love pardon
your bumbum I think we're both watching
this more than me please about today
today was like I've walked away we're
like oh hey this we could you guys seen
it's the monster anything hey you got a
plate is that for me
Peppa licious you want a bike sorry I am
mm-hmm
she's so cute walking right in the place
that be right now
get her with a little packet dogs they
just like follow her everywhere just in
the off chance
oh good recovery get recovery oh you
come back over here with that Amelia
somebody sent a cupcake tin it's so cute
I have to decide what I'm gonna keep in
there so it's like five half bus wife
nice to love and shower yet because I
just felt so sick this morning but now I
feel a lot better and we're going to my
mom's house for dinner so I kind of took
you know yourself a little bit and look
so much presentable you need some stuff
to put in there thanks Sophie ole Robson
kind of things but
Oh Jonathan there's a bag there as well
as recycle bike there's a yeah no no no
no they are plastic bags to keep it's
bare
yesterday at mom's club we were like how
is it that the moms are always perceived
as the NAG because we can see everything
like you know and we can most like I was
very good lunchtime but I can see I'm
like a perfectionist and I know you know
things have to be in a certain place
whatever whereas the husband's along
they will try ya glasses down no but
it's like they will try and like do
stuff do something nice it's so funny
like we're all over saying the same
thing and we're like it's an so mean
there's like we're so mean but we're
good not we're just we can't even help
ourselves
I don't know guys need a break we do our
best I'm usually happy the least that we
try and do our best as it so happens I'm
having a break yeah mom's cumber going
to a hotel for weekend oh yeah and the
spot so we're having a break in then
because we were we were talking about we
were like oh my god it's anybody worried
about what they're gonna come in might
be the best we can help yeah it's gonna
be epic I can't wait I have to buy some
new pyjamas those are my pajamas they're
like ancient press the onesies up yeah
so then you guys want to pop over that
weekend and I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna bite us yeah what anyone would
like to be hired as a maid yeah we can
you two made a gardener a cleaner a
babysitter I will send her a buddy
play with ya cook kena dog walker dog
groomer electrician medic will probably
be advisable to keep doing way she got
all quiet he'll are you minding the baby
what is going on here huh is that your
doggy I think there's a dog in your car
well yeah Amelia I took her out of it a
second ago just I'm back in again huh
you love it come on come on 200 if you
got insurance license and registration
please
I just got to reverse it out there got
it all goodness alright okay hold on
here we go alright Universal right oh I
don't know you're gonna fit there friend
don't run over newbies don't run over
there ways can you believe it me knees
you used to be afraid of driving I know
look at you now driving a knife like a
professional you're like a professional
driver now I have Nike driven quite a
while you know that because you're
driving all the time now this is quite
cool I've gotten used to it I have a
personal driver oh my goodness that's
what we came here for is that a chicken
or a turkey is it
today's Canadian Thanksgiving what are
they yes anyone's be Canadian in here
you say Happy Thanksgiving Canadians
Happy Thanksgiving give here in Canada
we knew that that's why we organize way
this is all arranged
surprise YUM that's a tasty bird meeting
at the Pussycat oh yeah that's how I
sleep thoughts be taken every naked
voices of are me know my tummy's man
she's here look oh yeah so cash
she do this should I touch it no it's
best nice are you gonna go to huh are
you gonna go to Emma for sama-sama going
though she's got some posture she
should've ducked in underneath good girl
good girl
okay girl she she was clever she
actually knew - do you know where's
Patrick
no time wasting here look at this
election what do you know some things I
screaming over forgot a fine selection I
mean is this in heaven now to be
silently here an effort
two hours munching away on Patrick hmm
good buddy yeah I know
then like Walker and I know like bones
and nothing everything this is really
good I look they're my favorite keys
yeah oh yeah and then there was these
tiny little like coconut did you know
yeah and apparently the place where my
mom goes they give them tons of free
stuff so we're like we have to go there
the Spanish places oh where you going
where is he going raise another pumpkin
friend here give them to mommy look
media no you're sitting right there
she's trying to stop walking we're gonna
sing a song nice all right let's sing a
little song for our friends
you won't play down here and I'll play
up here you won't play up here look
which way we're gonna do is there's a do
act we're gonna do this friends oh nice
oh nice okay ready I'll do the baseline
okay I sing a good night talk are we
gonna sing a good night sir let's go
movie Turkey okay okay it's out you're
not sure what are you doing like a very
good night turn it up read to the end
don't be late
we have an important date good
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
