Lorain put out all of these amazing toys
for her and she goes over to the dvds
and the TV anything non toy related she
went over to and she turned on the TV
like okay excuse me so yeah if you just
turn on the TV by yourself and there
she's just standing up there looking at
it
welcome to the buggies Oh friendliest
just fighting she paid a new thing to
hit you are gonna have abs of steel my
friend look at all that ab work you're
doing want one you reps come on let's go
two three well you know that what I'm
saying you know absolutely my face there
no legs
that's I will you could do it a bit of
cardio my friend uh-huh fdt oh oh
thunder thunder steel so Anna's heading
off with Amelia to Moms Club Mayan being
abandoned lots of fun things do i might
actually I'm trying it out in the old
rover runner is the Irish for bicycle
Jordan what am i yeah what can get you a
runner since the Sun is in the sky it is
freezing it's not it's not fake you know
like what it's like it's frost on the
grass that's how you know it's serious
serious situation when frost is on the
grass did you see that there's a bit of
frost in the grass doesn't that look
amazing in her new clothes hot stuff
coming true it's so nice I like the
shoulder part in it today your new shoes
but also I have to oh my goodness I
remember that I remember the first time
I drove like in like clifftops mental
you ever if you've never driven
flip-flops close to got a pair
flip-flops good your car that's really
scary to you because you're used to the
power of your foot and then barefoot
ears like whoa
the Oggy in these trees imagine going to
a cheese shop right be like can I just
try these head great to the carpark just
drive in the car park
how would you drive for those you know
those Louboutins you know it's like
six-inch heels
he would call me bastard send him to me
I'll wearing him driver in so I'm on I'm
at Mom's Club and Amelia I was just it
was so funny like my friend Lorraine put
at all of these amazing toys for her and
she goes over to the DVDs and the TV
anything non puoi related she went over
to and she turned on the TV like okay
excuse me so yeah you just turn on the
TV by yourself and there she's just
standing up there looking at it she's
probably in shock cause we don't have a
proper TV we just have like no we just
have internet so we just have all the
peppa pig so this is all new that's what
we do
I would do my friend
oh bike friend it was my friend to talk
good night yeah just hang on I'm out at
about four weeks I would say we'll have
a gender and a name in about two weeks
we'll have a gender oh my goodness own
site about the finite agenda cuz I
really feel like that is like the
biggest you know animam bonding step at
the moment like
it's a seed it's a hay balance you know
whatever it is hit hard way to do per
week and you know I'm bond and I care
about it I love it but I feel like my
concentration and heart has been poured
into a media because she's like tangible
you know I'm saying so when I'm no-name
sometimes I'm talking and I'm like oh I
wonder what she'd be like or you know
anything like our itch or a dam or you
know and you're like trying to correct
yourself because you want to feel like
correct but there's no correction to be
corrected so once I actually find out
its gender of the of our child it would
be like only then is then we will
actually be able to like pond or
somewhere I when I went to give it a
name and also I did think about what its
gonna be like to have a little boy or to
have a little girl it's gonna be so cool
oh man I can't wait I love being if I
did not realize that I was gonna love
being a dad so much I kind of talk like
crap I'm gonna get married now what if
I'm not good at it oh it is like so much
fun
it is it's like so much fun it's it's
hard work at times but like I love being
at media is that you know I love
spending time and playing with her you
know whenever you're feeling down you
just just great just like I just
pictured in my head and she just puts a
smile on my face
that's awesome that is and me me I got a
cookie she's in heaven she like snatched
it off me my hand her little bees could
you just snatch it off me
yeah even joining that with her black
guy last time I was like hearing a bike
was up in Dublin last weekend Saturday
so it's like okay it's Friday so
tomorrow's Saturday but it's almost been
an entire week since I've been there and
it's been a lot of sitting it's been a
lot of celebrations DiFrancesco
different those celebrations on offer
and like I mean are like six or seven
euros for that big box of celebrations
they have the rose into quality streets
but celebrations better what do you guys
think celebrations roses across the
street personally celebrations but um
I've just been like sitting on my ass a
lot heating celebrations like upon
myself every day when I'm like working
and stuff I just like the hand just dips
in you know the hand just like Dipity
dip dip with me and then our next thing
you know you've eaten like a couple of
boxes of them here it's like a gym who's
all exercise equipment like it's like
one of those Walker look what you're
looking at on here and look out there
cuz that's the problem my finer gyms
they get boring you know I don't get my
stimulation I don't know I get bored
easy anyway so I'm this is so funny that
is so cool normally I go around that
Island over there I decided to come over
here and check out this I got it
good girl
meanie how you do it here you know
hasn't be done a little bit of time
we're talking about Java jokes special
on the time I'm a child man to see today
why my senior phone might use your phone
hello
yeah yeah telephone pause the video go
to your kitchen get a frying pan or a
wok preferably one that wobbles like so
stick it in your ear and go that's
actually slightly deaf in this year now
all right Department
oh it's made of waste all right yep
now I'm deaf in both ears so the problem
has been solved go do it
what's it is like it's gravy huh
oh it's tasty it's a tasty time have a
quick question do you guys know why I
make these videos do you know why I make
these videos on YouTube under youtube's
because I see a lot of like people say
some stuff and rumors gets generated and
started people saying all sorts of stuff
but I just like tell you guys I'm the
guy in the situation when stuff is tough
and things are down and we're hurt and
you're upset and you're having a hard
day and you just you you know you who
are you gonna turn to Joey jokes I'm the
guy that's gonna make you smile I'm the
guy that's gonna make you laugh when you
just think that you're you're sad you
know you just think no way I'm gonna
smile today you watch my youtube videos
and I will make you laugh and I don't
really mind that people mock me and
ridicule me and you get all the wrong
message
about why we do this YouTube videos and
all that stuff but it's because there is
no better way of connecting with people
directly you're not I mean I'm just like
you I am a people pleaser not even a
people pleaser I wouldn't say a people
pleaser because I don't wear them away
like all of them to like obsessively
please people but I'm making people
happy I love making people laugh you
know when I see those comments and
tweets all the time it was like I had
such a bad day like all I know when I
watch me blog today I'm gonna make you
happy and on what ah that makes me so
happy
knowing so I'm putting smiles on faces
and you know minute ago and I'm like
messing right there did you practice
tomorrow
did you just crack a smile if you ever
would like some tips and tricks and I
had to cleaning the table after you've
had a baby on board
get yourself a Bianca Navy give her
access to the table and the rest she
will take care of herself
did you miss me today Jimmy oh you want
to learn the guitar like we did
yesterday you don't get to our time with
that let's go oh like you like going on
you're like a rock star smashing your
guitar
she's like a rock star I think you found
a spinach leaf Yankee Navy yeah you
ready to come down it's over you guys
missed the spinach leaf who is my little
friend list Oh friendliest Oh friend
list
hey she's coming she's chasing us all
let's meet this idea way there we go
where are we going where are we going
huh oh nice turn nice turning good
morning again my little friendly his
friend who's got sore duties you got you
sedum I came here for the first time she
was like buried under the covers I beat
you I got here before you woke up oh no
come on time for school school buses
outside beep-beep you don't to be late
for school huh
you don't be late for school oh come
along my lovely come on friend all right
let's make some tasty vegetable snacks
mmm okay down here water what are you
laughing at what do you love for that
what are you laughing you go over there
he's stealing treats well if you're
having treats when you said the word
treat seen Ali look at this look at this
huh
look at her she's already in the box
give it give it out box I've all Jesus I
have a better plan I think we have a
better plan friend
I think you have a better plan it's a
fart if right or not it's a fart upright
on our pizza party Friday night
he's a party Friday night between you
our friend which he knew when you went
out one point that one you have to be to
prepare would you like to spend the
night in a pizza party in here with the
fries okay dude don't eat any don't any
any okay I already nom nom nom
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
