I mean this is a very serious talk to
meet you're signing here okay this is to
get you this is to get your car come on
my car fees
great doing so we're here in MSL we're
getting the app game card that's
actually on his car right there that's
where she parks it from now on
I've been quiet about this car and I
hear this is for sale to trade this in
for the Mercedes which is now yesterday
I was in the Maserati and they tell you
what has the best single twist effective
me legs ahead me head out the window
first time ever
what you think that's funny
introducing all the dogs we have a video
no on my town oh if you do i'll leave in
the link in the description for a look
at the wonder after the Harlem shake
it's like their interview after the
Harlem shake video viral thing so I'll
leave that in the description today I'm
trying to like put in videos in the
description everyday that you guys that
I think that a lot of people haven't
seen that's what I like you today I put
in the my draw my life and I was like oh
I put it the dogs drawn my life and then
I was like oh I'll put in the feed gas
they put in their dip with me and you
just gonna try and keep putting
different videos is I think you guys
probably haven't seen to the variety
little excitement and it's doing new
videos five five to five were calling it
like a new show by the 500 biggest and
like the five eight five five videos
five days a week
well five minutes on five videos five
days yeah 5 videos 5 2 days 5 minutes in
duration they're all gonna be around 5
minutes or like under fire on it um so
that's how I'm going to make it work cuz
otherwise I think I'll be like editing
for my whole life yeah so they're gonna
be short
but they're gonna be hopefully good
hopefully good animation people you're
behind 5 a.m. get open about 3:00 a.m.
right don't even sleep ok is it working
wait are you in it oh yeah you're
snoring I do not snore thank you very
much this isn't the cutest thing I've
ever seen in my life I don't know what
is Amelia's behind me I'm trying not to
uh she just found this book that one of
you guys actually sent her I think it
was one of you guys yeah
her birthday this book of Peppa Pig and
it comes with some paper figurines and
are not figurines but like you know
paper dolls and I kind of I didn't
really give it to her because I felt
like it was a little just a little bit
old for her yet I didn't want her to
like chew on the paper dolls and then
like wreck them but she found them and
she it has just been so quietly like
playing with all the little dolls and
like putting them in random parts like
she was trying to put mummy pig into the
car now she's gone daddy talked and she
just read with him do you Danny
dog let Danny dog what she put mummy in
here like it was so key so smart like
she was picking like little places for
them like I saw her put mummy pig she
like open the page to see what it was
and it's like the toy setting or
whatever at the bedroom setting he
cueing huh there's petrol pony or Suzy
sheep you get you not be changed snappy
cam sounds a bit perverted yeah
always get your someone to subscribers
okay now don't show up your nose make
chocolate fluttering out angles oh don't
show your bum either in about two weeks
and we're doing something amazing
and in order to do it though we need to
add a couple of things first of all
that's what we're doing right now we're
heading out to the country and nuvvula
nuke just new visas my dad had a fund
research now and did the Lemon test I
didn't work in immediate but she loves
it look she's obsessed she's like oh no
you just pull it in top of yourself
don't laugh who keeps you that you can
put some in your car laughs its opener
what's nice though is my Flickr page
it's laminated so big well it's not
lemonade it's like it's still that was
nothing I mean a this is a very serious
doctor Mitra signing here okay this is
the getcher so this is to get your car
come on my car fees great doing so we're
here in MSL we got India get card that's
actually Anna's car right there that's
where she parks it from now on if you
buy a car here you actually get to park
your car in here when you're in Deer
here and now I rent she wants to get
down I think she wants to walk around
just yeah okay sorry let's move in space
yeah oh look at this one huh you want
this one you want that one friend
come on Oh No she likes to shiny things
serif you got her Junior sir back would
you if you got a B for this
it'd be for the best huh huh don't look
at that thing over there they didn't see
it do you see they didn't see it did it
oh you didn't see it they saw nothing
I saw your soup I saw your soup look at
this
so who's everyone here now talk to me -
who is the emotion behind this hey
whatever you look is that Simba no tio
it's just I was doing Tiger it huh
so look chatzi's next page okay that's
my final fitting
don't let miss Lilly Matt stop it okay
don't look at this bit here so I mean
it's gonna stay here while we go and
collect the car and Oreos gonna come
with us it's narrowed Oreo huh Jim tried
to have a steam and that's a very busy
job I'm trying to catch all that Mouse's
around the house not saying there's any
boxes in the house but if there's any
Moses in the house I'd catch the mouse
and a couple to shore up a couple - all
oh hello my name is Anne and I got some
ants in my pants
oh no Otto you're holding it by the head
friend yeah yeah love it oh oh
poor hands Oh driving along in there Oh
my mobile and I got my way
the Ouma mobile as the name it is
official Oh mobile so I'm gonna go up
and collect oh god oh I forgot about the
clutch I don't forgot
I haven't draw him driven the manual
awhile I just as it was stopping was
like - pew - I was like there's
something I'm supposed to do right now
like right well yeah when I shift gears
it turns the lights on let me nothing
sir we got the car from by the way the
delight on MSL is getting that Danny had
to use the car this is the instruction
guy just a one-time-only yeah yeah do
you love it
yeah yeah getting the phone connected I
like this thing you'll put it in your
truck yeah that is cool look it's for
like the shopping trolley it also goes
like a ninja star someone tries to rob
your car like okay yeah yeah yeah go
there's no one coming just keep going
but what's good um yeah he's taking up
the whole Road go ahead and random Derek
he's flashing at you like don't crash
the car in the way home what are you
doing what are you doing huh you wanna
go outside and see mommy's new car or
your new car
hey arty Disney shoes I don't even know
they were Disney shoes you want to
outside huh what are you doing what are
you doing huh well let's get your jacket
on let's go outside in your oh my god
your car you want to see your car in
your car huh you see inside of a
traditional car seat we just got a car
as a seat let me little just sit in here
I think it's like a jewel controller
should be on the controller it's got a
German Rhenish
oh come on Brent do you love it
Eric wants it we give it to her leave
comments we should just give it Erica
driving along and then new army will be
here and I've got em on Eric no Eric
Melia there's so many E's in your family
so we're dropping Emma into town Amelia
look we put the eyes a fake space
anything it's all been moved over to
your new car oh you things get the new
app the new chair for her now cuz we're
gonna be a forward-facing one I mean he
actually likes this car yeah she did it
yes Peter she always like complains and
stuff she's all like laughing in the
luxury auto she was kicking the backseat
I'm angry so where do I drop when I do
the u-turn yeah yeah do you for a person
pull an intro or off yeah and it's
George's hot pair as we as we go around
the u-turn me mom throws you off mids
driving MIT palms oh don't go by don't
lose the door uh-huh
alright go George Lauri I never noticed
we were never here
you saw nothing you saw nothing well it
hasn't got parking sensors
Oh baby
maybe don't over does she's trying to
get it going with me come on troll this
is man look they look pretty pair
started its Bianca bitches I want
perfection eleven now yeah I got the
super car I got the super hurt driving
along and that mommy mobile and I'm just
wanted to have a go that's all that's
all I wanted was the cars I can I have a
shot of your car it's a really nice car
to drive I need to get my own he's their
pet for probably oh no it's not me I
have a tank well I gave I know I gave
her a quarter yeah but I've never seen
that from the dealer and here we go
we're going to shoot a video for the
satellite so I'm just going to a hotel
to shoot it look what we found
conquerors fan loads in them huh
teaching me let's pay Congress you drill
a little hole you add some string if
you're really sneaky you put some nail
varnish on it
don't tell anyone in the schoolyard boom
you'll get a tenner the tengo huh
here's mommy okay let's take some
pictures boys it's done whoo Golden Hour
Oh organized huh all your little shoes
and boots we've got this pile here which
doesn't fit anymore so I have to figure
out what I'm gonna do with them I need
to get my label or tape because it's
something to label those two bins
there's more bins in the other in the
spare room I'm thinking about maybe
moving them all wood she's happy because
I put her little cookie wish I said I
gave her the cupcake magnets I put them
in the radiator on her in her room
because she loves going into the cupcake
room and doing them from the radiator in
there so I them here is like it can
be hers too not being used in there
anyways Plusnet he loves magnets
actually every time she's with mom's
head
at the dishwasher she's like cath
magnets she killed
that's your princess canvas where you
going where are you going with that
magnet you've got a nice shiner there hi
hi Dada Dada question ever since she
started the wall numbers I know
yesterday she just took a tumble and it
was like nothing it was on the floor she
went head down like it was I mean of a
sore butt and then she had this black
eye and I was like I was trying to look
for stuff that she could have possibly
hit it off but I I don't know I still
don't know if she cried a lot but I
don't know what it was
he liked that book - lullaby book are um
playing with CDs oh jeez
alright see you guys later Slater oh I
just left Tesco look around texting me
don't forget the nappies ah so I had to
go down to Sandra down the road huh I
was just I was just about to get nearly
home and then just took ten phone as I
don't forget the nappies I was like is
that Apple tastic is that a tasty Apple
tastic time friendliest friend
yum-yum so I decided tonight I'm going
to try and make homey I got some noodles
noodle soup look we got some whole wheat
and we place whole team stuff like you
know white is twice as nice white rice
white noodles nuts
I'm sure to pick up some noodles oh well
having chicken chow mein whole style
alright so far so good cooking along
nice and I've got the old whole-wheat on
the go Oh
oh hi there Alby for sale done deal
dot-com forward stroke free dogs in an
imminent inning and in it now only
because the media's had a tough few days
what'll we give her she's a big fan of
the milky way's but let's try something
new
Marge Bart although as a mars bar it's
the same as the milky way caramel
caramel or caramel oh she knows she
knows this editor rustling get the bath
running upstairs a little caramel oh
come on have yourself a did you tell him
it all you don't drop it
no would you reckon your first caramel
oh yeah hey here's your stop you guys
stop the whole duckie just broke you
know read the insides for a caramel look
at all spilled here like oh my goodness
oh my goodness great for the farm that's
it that's all we've got for you today
hope you enjoyed and I hope you'll come
back tomorrow oh and by the way thank
you over 10,000 people did you not
10,000 people thumbs up that video when
Emilio is sick
I was like Tom Brokaw you love Emilia I
mean you got a lot that's why she got
better so quickly she's all the mad
clicking so feel free to repeat you
fortunately and courteous oh yeah so if
you what sided media if people your Tito
get better hit the like do you guys want
to spend night in here if I come back
tomorrow and these are all gone I will
not be impressed all right night-night
guys hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Joey and
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
we'll be ass Wow
