Amelia's new thing she knows how to tap
it to make music on here so funny
somebody's having a bad day huh
we checked them all normally what we do
is we check Amelia's temperature let me
check my temperature and then check
Anna's temperature mine is always the
lowest and she was she woke up at like 5
o'clock last night was really upset and
then again it's like was at 7-7 yeah
like five and seven somewhere yeah so we
just got I felt in her marriage
huge big teeth coming up so I think
that's what was going to tell what's
wrong with your friend is it sore you
can always tell when she's not herself
she really gave the dog she said of like
not happy huh he's cute going and he
brought her in notes he fell asleep on
you I hope she fell asleep with me and
then I slowly tried to like for her over
because I wanted to get up early but
then I was like God go be the fish to
the far away
ah it's not a pleasant time it's not a
pleasant situation a pleasant situation
time so am no I won't say it I was gonna
say it I was like going now wait a
couple of days there's no there's no
rush there's no rush come chillax
chillax just them it's amazing how
things are done these days and phones
but anyway I just wanted to quickly say
something Amelia has like no social
media presence she has no Twitter no
Facebook page no Instagram no tumblr no
Twitter no no nothing so if you ever see
anything with a minions picture or a
media space or page on facebook on
Twitter on Instagram it's not Amelia and
it's not us what what I say it here in
social media I am making a conscious
decision to say it as myself and honest
testings is herself and the dogs like
their dog so doesn't really matter but
Amelia Amelia is going to matter and
Amelia in a couple of years is gonna
want her own social media presence and
she's gonna want to say her own things
to the world and I feel like I don't
want people saying things on her behalf
that's why we won't set up an account I
didn't have social media going up so I
don't know what the appropriate ages to
get on social media you know I mean to
be able to have an opinion and say
things that you're not going to regret
later on but we'll cross that bitch um
maybe maybe we all still be here maybe
we'll all be at Amelia sweet 16
could not be an episode so you take
dinghy I love you guys I love you guys
for supporting us out of you guys for
being on Facebook and Twitter and
Instagram and everything you do and I
don't understand that you know sometimes
people setting up those accounts it's
not it's not malicious is not trying to
steal her identity or anything like that
it's just you guys want to see pictures
of her and she's really cute I don't
blame you she's so cute
yeah how you feeling
hey feeling huh how you feeling there
friend
oh he's all big red cheeks no come on
it's bringing edamame
maybe we do need some kelp or something
hmm
poor little baby so it went up again it
was thirty eight point eight I think and
then I went to thirty nine point six
when she first woke up Oh
but now Center a nine point one because
I think she just woke up so we might
give her some ice cream and stuff but
she's definitely feeling a lot better
like she's actually jumping around and
stuff I like to open around when she's
moving around and playing the toys but
she is bad hmm
poor little baby why is this happening
to me anyway thank you oh yeah tell you
one thing hugging a sick baby is pretty
cool because they were so warm
you're like a little water bottle red I
know right tea and toast in bed all day
that's what it seems like is your phone
did your phone you text in people's poor
little baby so just making me a lunch
and this piece of toast has gotten stuck
in don't worry this is actually switched
off I'm not gonna electrocute myself um
but yeah it's completely stuck I can't
get it out so she's having her little
pasta with veggies and like tomato sauce
and then um mommy's having some soup
actually this is like the soup as much
as the Thai Thai chicken Thai curry what
or something but I think it's like this
year I don't know I don't like this much
as the other one but it was even when
they had their so that's what we're
having for our lunch I don't know II in
Ireland the cure for everything is
either flat 7up or ice cream we opted
for ice cream it is I know you won't
believe your robe I'm telling you art
and cure for anything flat 7 Oh
jelly and ice cream or flat 7up she
definitely feels a little colder in a
nice like why am I getting ice cream
what you can you guys can humor this
time of the day one more take this good
girl
tasty hey do you guys want something
yeah drop it on the floor is there a
bagel in there no well get there um it's
still it's still edible if you put it
are you putting it in soup
not sure where the owner side is done
only cuz you're sick we get midday
pepper as well okay what Christmas time
Christmas wait for Christmas friends
I've said it that is the funny hair
because amelia is over a year old we're
going to Halloween it's like oh my god
last year this is like maybe a second
Halloween like everything we've done
from now on we've experienced it how way
to meet it before it's like alright Oh
rainy day game huh we need a game from
yeah I'll be over here she's - it a
Republican oh where are you little baby
number two
hmm it's time for the tennis tekapo I'm
gonna give it up a cap off never gonna
put her down for a little while again
and let her sleep it off and hopefully
hopefully friend this will make
everything better that the little and
lengthen a little in Lindon mmm this is
my giver no man look at happy that kid
is gonna longer Harris you say jelly you
said jelly then you guys have any extra
hair you don't need set it to the pol
box we'll put it on Amiga imagine some
spare hair yeah you just have to
remember you love it you love it a port
in your air mmm okay okay
ah daddy's having it mm-hmm okay
yeah Nicky has this problem okay this is
angle alpha jacks we are need to get me
emergency landing we need an emergency
landing good girl oh thanks for taking
the emergency mmm
emergency situation so it's nice you
should try the orange one terrible hmm
come on friend there we go there we go
good doesn't it good good down in one
Danny one I even love to smell my shots
Danny one yeah now she's all into it oh
yeah and then you don't feed that habit
feature cow Paul habit good girl
yeah did Danny have some fun of me
saying bye-bye to my beetle today
because
I sold it I I got a new car on last week
last Friday but I haven't gotten it yet
obviously um it's gonna take a couple of
days I think they're valeting it and
just getting it all ready and everything
like that so yeah it got a new car last
week and then I had a person that was
interested in the beetle so I just sold
it today and she's so excited she wants
to get it like ASAP so she's coming
around
um I thought it was going to be like
tomorrow either tomorrow or Wednesday
but she's actually coming tonight so I'm
smoking furnace circles brother I hope
you don't mind
that was my first ever car and I'm not
really sad
well I kind of am a bit sad because I
really loved that car I loved beetles
like I always have um I always wanted
one but it's just not practical for a
mom but it's practical for a single girl
which is exactly what's going to take
who's going to take it so that's fine
and I'm really happy with who it's going
to as well because we kind of know them
so um it is kind of sad just because
it's like the car that I learned to
drive in but I'm excited for my new one
as well so I don't mind too much I don't
know what to do with this little girl
she's like in such a bad mood she's so
cranky she's so clean II I have to carry
her everywhere because she does not want
to be put down
and she do you just want a box of
lipsticks I could get you a box and
lipsticks I don't know if you would like
wreck them I like to eat them or
something but she loves makeup like I
know that sounds like I I just made it
up or I just made her say that but she
actually genuinely loves my makeup okay
don't for them she loves opening it and
like taking it out and looking at stuff
and just I don't know what side so we're
nail polishes anything we're saying
goodbye to Beto leus this is what this
is what mommy lanta driving no more
sitting in the back in here friend
she hated it she hated this car and I
look right now
someone's coming to take it away now
you're gonna miss it hard though to
learn to drive was hard to drive but you
did it you did it
well everything will be different now I
know every no more this malarkey huh
but I'm glad that I learned yeah
absolutely
what only her car looks like in Arlen I
don't know what it's like for the rest
of the world but you own a car and this
is this is basically what it looks like
like yeah you know pink slips I didn't
know it's a thing by now from Greece
we're racing for pinkies oh well in
Ireland there greenies greeny kind of
white yeast as it looks like my people
is gone oh no I'm not that I'm saying
yeah I'm not observed because I'm
getting a new car so I'm like that
softens the blow but drivers empty yeah
this bit sad it was kind of like Oh
Jimmy what teaching me to drive did you
run we all bought that together and we
drove at home and then you didn't use it
for about four months and then you
started
oh yeah old all the driving blogs are in
that car like I love his seat covers in
their cup I think it's kind of a man in
you well I think that it makes it look
better but yes my yeah she can add
tautomeric oh yes you could do whatever
but Amelia's new thing she knows how to
tap it to make the music on
here's so funny
it's so cute you know yet
you feeling better oh yeah
you wanna dance a time so I'm just going
ahead and put these back in here because
it's lashing rain it's cold and you
can't cook food on a lashing rain and
cold day it is again some sort of a law
all right it's again some sort of a law
cuz I'm gonna move for Jame would you
like a taste that you can show me check
charmolue tic Tommy chicken chow mein is
chicken its Chow it is me yesterday it
Joe it is me I'm talking about chicken
chow mein
Jesus partner me love my song who know
part pants oh I smell a little
silhouette of a poop gotta move gotta
move
midgel do a little poop now get the baby
wipes now and enough be now gallileo
gallileo got a layup Figaro we kissed we
did it folks
37 we're back we're back and we're
healthy mmm oh the harmony we beat the
city we beat a friend we beat it let's
see your belly button we beat it
oh I'm so glad I was so worried about
you chi fever I got a fever
ah fever Oh to tonight yay better hmm we
broke it friend you got a spoon
something you're gonna do hello there
hello da hello it out Bam binos we must
go we must be on our way because it's
time to say good night to our friends it
is time to say good night to my friends
friendliest Vindhyas see it is time to
say good night to offerin friends had a
tough day huh
what's that you can give everybody likes
the video some presses the thumbs up but
you might feel better well I think it's
where to go
where'd it go Olli if you care about
Amelia you should hit the like button
well if you go care about Amelia then I
guess you shouldn't hit the like and
we'll see we'll see how many people care
about you won't we hmm hmm
oh my goodness it was a scary day one
wasn't scary today was a tough day
that's don't worry about her all day
even when she's down the naps I check
that I like a couple of times let's say
goodnight to our friendliest friends we
put them into laundry basket
whoa whoa oh okay guys a little bit
stinky in there you may want to hold
your nose for the next 24 hours
ha all right hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
we'll be ass Wow
