you are such a good little Walker huh if
you were a zombie
you'd be like oh no it's a worker but
because you're not a zombie we're proud
of you but just don't ever turn into a
zombie okay because it wouldn't end well
something is going on in here
oh geez what is going on here is there a
Halloween ghost Halloween the dogs are a
bit concerned Navy is for sale
Oh five-year it's gone up is it those
steps does not that's your oh yeah
oh yeah
what where's the second one oh yeah
which one den housing with under Bianca
Navy can we put her in this go go go go
me there you go you have a nice he
perceived yeah I smell pee pees I think
you have to change your nappy oh I got
lipstick on your forehead sorry sorry
mommy got some lipstick on you did you
just woke wake up you're squinting it's
nice and cozy up here it's nice and
toasty sorry that's interesting
yep look how cute this outfit is this is
from auntie Erica we need to find you a
bone media what bow do you want I
thought you might let's find you a bow
okay princess we also need to get her
clouds and hang them up in here cuz they
should not be downstairs anymore look at
that pretty girl do you like that one
we'll see I have this one too so we'll
see Wow look at Amelia's hair ah
you so pretty listen forget your things
what's this
huh hey look at you all shuffled up huh
having a fun day Monday Sunday Monday is
I'm not sure to send anyone is or have
an amazing Sunday sweaty lazy Sunday
they're right here
that's right dad that's the best kind of
Sunday's that's the best one dad this is
Reina my voice this is the voice that
was made up now you're not here yeah
it's done yeah there's like a schedule
and a routine in and like everything
just works like clockwork
and I always get these done like way
earlier yeah because it's a
psychological thing this is my friends
have told me the same thing happens like
when their husbands are very if they're
harming right there yeah more done
things just run like clockwork because
women are I think like that clockwork
ease some women aren't that some men Aki
are but it is true that if you're the
only parent like if you're there like as
a single mom or right okay feel way more
responsible so you don't like dilly
dallying door I feel like Island you're
not here do you I don't do that please
I get straight yeah I achieved more
missions I get a higher ranking when
you're not here cuz I don't dilly-dally
why'd you go all blurry see you should
go away more so d essentially you think
who Amelia yeah wait what if she falls
asleep on the walk but then when she
gets back here she'd be all rested in a
wake dinner time five o'clock thirty
five a cop friend oh geez
a what a month where the poop that's
even worse I know but these it was the
one half brother how long did you take
someone quick google it how long does it
take for poop to biodegrade maybe maybe
it's all gone look at this from
yesterday oh my goodness like her burger
is like oj more like wash your bike and
actually ask the guys know everything I
was like there's Washington a bike make
a difference I can he's like no no it
doesn't really make a difference at all
I can keep it dirty now I was like yeah
it's like that's all my hard work in
progress here we've got a bit of
Limerick a bit of Cork a bit of Galway
stuff this is all the Dublin Mountains
you got all the different mountains how
are you being true come on let's get
ready to go plump the rolls are sweaty
Sunday's you're tired we're sweaty
tracksuits outside you can't judge a
person alright you Konomi join get the
dogs ready
who said this looks dad you and me Beth
you're gonna need that yeah you training
you training it
what's this look at the future no come
on push your own stroller push your own
stroller yeah come in okay okay whoa
good save good save friends newbies
newbies
hmm come on you're gonna help the
doggies come on guys we're all up on a
walkies my mother ever met walkies yeah
that's a song before your time with me
yeah that's a song whoa whoa okay
I should've got there for 4-wheel
Quattro this is not either standard
front-wheel drive I think doesn't - and
the bumps make an off-roader friend like
off-roading like your off-road moves
here shall we
without me you see how these Nazis hey
Olli I was very busy he's got so much
sniffing noise Tina sucks
ah he doesn't like to run around so much
you have appointed a walkie friend yeah
I guess hi hi hi let me in there
hi oh you kissing everyone you keeping
out kisses
next pile of doggies for the walkies hi
Sorry Sorry fronting over your foot
there friend this is a very complicated
device is right if it's a manual you
wouldn't understand
you in your automatics baby RTO it's
only a car she is obsessed with cars
he's like his dad you know what if she
falls look guys media poppies let's go I
wish I could let these two off but
they're just not as well-trained years
of experience
being let off stamens and all that stuff
but I want to teach these guys takes
time and here we go Bianca movies Hey
hi there yeah do you think I might
happen again
oh yeah how's our new business actually
kind of bringing the corn down you look
like one dog and I can't actually tell
where if you got one dog they're your
friend thanks a lot I know can I come in
you guys spaghetti but you want
spaghetti friend play golf runner up I
got smokes
no smoke no spaghetti look you can chew
on it will turn into spaghetti I think
mommy does
well there is good folk someone's eye
out a bit tomorrow yeah it's nice
spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti is it it's
Italian spaghetti dolly on spaghetti
drop off my game pad oh you're a good
girl
now we don't know which one that was
Jenna be boiled anyway drop that in the
ground no it's like you eat it now eat
it mom you're so cute
okay can I have a back now because I
kind of need it to cook it
spaghetti we're having spoke at E and
we're gonna put some talkie mints oh and
we took everyone's advice and went with
Beverly Hills it's really nice
how'd you get here is quite enough so
yeah let me count it you live every Hill
and yeah this is a total make up as I go
along
kofi dinner I've added a ton of peas
quick they POIs fit the foie and then
we're gonna have some Philadelphia and
some tomatoes and stuff and after that
the spaghetti and the ghoul I was just
getting on it's time to add the special
ingredient garlic and herb all right so
this is where right now I'm gonna jig oh
nice powerful dollop this tasty tasty
stuff
and mix it in there oh hello my friendly
is friendly it's friendly its friend
whoa are you a tired baby
are you tired baby just let me know
there will be no consequences there will
be no consequences I promise you you
won't be sent to bed in an upside-down
world everything change somebody say
steamed party sticky party and my hard
work has paid off whoa
it's a mountain it's a mountain for a
molehill there you go little friend that
is a lot for you but in half until half
on the floor your friends will
appreciate that do you think it just
needs it needs a little something what
do you think maybe one of these it's
girlfriend let's go let's go don't be a
cheater who's that who's that who's that
in there who is that is that the man in
the mirror you're gonna make a change
I'm gonna feel really good we get
different movements hmm oh you gonna
come to have a bad time
you're gonna come for a bad time you
gonna have a bad time friend uh-huh
let's do it I'm happy like if you
dressed in the same way they look the
same
that's what you look like friendliest
you're gonna have a bath you gonna go to
bath time whoa you are such a good
little Walker huh if you were a zombie
you'd be like oh no it's a worker but
because you're not a zombie we're proud
of you but just don't ever turn into a
zombie okay because it wouldn't end well
what's going down
oh I love your Balinese leave so long
farewell auf wiedersehen goodbye hi I'd
like to stay with my friendliest let's
put them in hot press all right guys
eenie pop into the hot press it'll be
nice and cozy gonna be nice and cozy in
there
yes tonight so that's a nice time and
I'll come correct in the morning okay
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's can don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
