so this is embarrassing Amelia went into
one of Alma's cupboards and she got the
ready-made icing
you know the cupcake icing that you
spray out and she knows what to do with
it because well that's what mommy
hello friend hello friend
just give that you just standing here
this entire thing you're just gonna
stare at like oh geez Hajis I just
realized I'm standing sorry I'm so busy
on my laptop I brought to work to do
we got Pep on the TV we got pep on the
go
you don't miss me today friendliest love
yo you gonna miss me today friendliest
Fabio I kissed your ear sorry I kissed
you
are you gonna miss me today Brandi what
do we do with the brush he brush our
hair good girl
see she knows what to do with it in your
books you're in a book we're just
getting dressed here this is her outfit
for today she only has long Steve best
okay girl brush your hair
that's so cute that she knows what to do
his mommy brush your hair every night
okay so we're gonna wear this today it
is quite chilly those so it the probably
just as well shoes along it best done
and where's your socks gone you're there
I've got to praise you like a shoe
figure out whether I should put her down
for enough or not it's a little bit
early but then she woke up kind of early
so she might be ready she was rubbing
her eyes which is usually a telltale
sign
excuse me that she she's tired and she
is ready for her nap
do you woke up at like half-past eight
or something this morning because I
figured it out that like she usually
wakes up at 9:00 and I figured this
whole thing out we're like I have this
system or if I wake up an hour earlier
than her then I can get ready for the
day and I can you know shower and
usually get dressed whenever I didn't
get dressed but um I shower I do hair
makeup all that kind of stuff and just
like you know get some little things
done before she wakes up but now she
started waking off a little bit earlier
like a half past eight so I actually
don't have that much time anymore and
I'm like well I don't really want to you
know because we go to bed pretty late in
our schedule is like you know yeah I
don't mind getting up an hour or like a
half an hour even earlier just it's it
just gives you a head start and it just
gives you a little bit of like alone
time before everything starts happening
and like it's like chaotic whatever so I
definitely recommend it if you are a mom
because it took me a while to figure
that out like before I would be able to
get ready to do things during her nap
time but now her nap is not always such
a sure thing plus it's kind of later and
I don't really like getting ready that
late so anyways that's my little round
but getting ready just got some snacks
and supplies
Mars is an uchi games that's when you
need to be remember Micah and Lucas ate
and water so we're in Kasia
just wanna make sure do that
like you still still with us
no Jerry when it happens two trucks
trying to pass each other out with one
can pass that hitter so we're all
sitting high to drugs
when you doing in here this is your
favorite room be careful careful me yeah
I said precious cool oh what's that
cupcakes okay now where are the
remaining cupcakes do you want this
really so cute nope I'm like okay
obviously once this room hmm but we
would have to keep all the cupcake stuff
in here oh look at the star on top I'm
in job that's always the same if you
leave the Newlands cross you are in
Dublin fair city with a girl just so
pretty it's pretty so on a pike French
bike ride bike ride you still there
though friends beg quieten my apparently
so now you actually see the entire fight
friend sitting out bike friend made us
to Dublin get along I was getting a
cycle all the way from court to Dublin
up to Wicklow and but I opted against it
because I wouldn't be there till next
Saturday
I found Brophy you see this whoa how
awesome is this place wow this place is
so epic looking isn't it the mountains
are so cool look at that oh my gosh this
is so cool let me see we get from Zoo
much here feel nobody to go to dark when
i zoom in is that so cool looking
wow oh my god is that the track we're
going oh wow this place is so I keep
saying that but I'm so blown away so
cool so I'm in my mom's head and a
meeting out where did I put it
I can't remember I put it but it was so
funny and we just went straight over to
the little farm you know the one that I
said that was mine when I was younger
and he takes his dirt it's like fussing
and then my mom comes in here and she's
like well what's wrong and she was kind
of get something out of here it was a
screwdriver that apparently my mom and
Erica had been searching the whole high
was before she had stuck it in there the
last time she was here which was ages
ago and they couldn't find I don't know
where I put it I put it away from her
though because I didn't want her to
scratch the table with it like banging
yet but anyways I funny that's how it
going everyone it's so muddy I know
everyone is so muddy look it's up there
I think we're heading to the sugar loaf
here
I took up to 5 psi oh not Arizona oh you
can see that it's cushy to go all the
open air look at never goes off on
around and all this mother that makes
more sense
yeah we are we're back here huh we're
back right yeah deer calling 14 hey ok
so we go setting we turn in or we keep
on going we turn in keep going all the
way up and maybe another turn
that's just like a little nippy one at
the end for foreigners which she's in my
place that's actually my place but I'm
in wall Johnson's and why you treat my
dad's place cuz the chair was just like
that and then I thought she could join
her somebody she could be more
independent so she's having her tune-up
passed on I'm having the same
this is leftovers from last night you
want to say hi say hi hi honey
what I missed it do you want to go in
there ok I did it I just brought Erica
into town I don't know if you caught
that I don't know if it was even on
camera X I couldn't really check it's so
hot today is it warwolf but it worked
yet I did it so we're on our way home
yeah well not actually I'm not
attractive I am stopped in a safe place
all right I need an idea you know if the
camera I can appreciate that they block
off the light of it oh my goodness it's
incredible is it mr. speaker shortest
one 14k with this 14k oh my god
we are like it is like you are working
it you are being thrown all over the
place like oh it's it's so cool it's so
trilling but it's like even though it's
a short one what are we up to like 9 K
10 K in an hour like but it's like an
insane 10 K so this is embarrassing
Amelia went into one of almost cupboards
and she got the ready-made icing you
know the cupcake icing that you spray
out
and she knows what to do with it because
well that's what Mommy does I think
that's why she died she's doing that
that's life done she just put it in her
mouth like she wanted to eat it she knew
exactly what are you doing what's this
oh this is choc chocolate flavors oh
when are you doing all sprawled out on
the floor I was just showing my mom
Amelia's costume that I got but somebody
said to us that we should dress
immediate up as an old lady and when
they said I was like that is the
stupidest costume idea ever but then
they sent a picture and Jonathan Lyte
like died laughing it was so funny and
the person was absolutely right it
wouldn't be an epic costume but I don't
think you can get it over here
maybe it's like an American costume I'm
not sure but hold on let me show you
this is the costume so funny but I don't
think we can get it here many of what
are you doing
you are abrupt Seenu oh my god that's
what my own message oh my god that was
epic
oh my goodness I am destroying filty I
don't even know if you can see I felt I
am but I'm serious the Polish there's
some serious filter chips oh my goodness
I am wrecked the time is it it's four
o'clock wow that was so much fun
that is that is not as long I could tell
you about 14 or 15 K boy oh my god it's
so technical it's like there's like
elements of like pure downhill straights
like just look straight down like oh my
goodness I came off like that's the most
I've ever come off the bike came off at
three or four times
oh my god i trone right off off the edge
hook bloody cliff oh my God my whole
side of my leg I bet you it's like
bruise all the way up here like oh my
goodness but I survived it I'm okay
everyone's okay I'm gonna kidding I've
got I got a short little air while I
bent over and I decided I would just
like double up if you think you want to
do don't know why I'm here so I'm gonna
quickly take care of those little tiny
things
and then head home to the family
a mr. family
where they're doing so we came out for a
walk that's really really nice out and
this is my favorite kind of autumn
weather I wish it would stay like this
it would stay like this I would be
really happy because it's just when it
rains it's not nice so we're doing
Albion Cena and then we're gonna do in a
van so I got a coffee and then I decided
you know what Jeffy jokes you worked
hard today all right I cannot know how
many calories that burned out but it was
a lot so I decided to get myself some
tasty dude I didn't wanna be like
discriminate so I got one of each
because there was a pile of these ones
and a part of these ones and I was like
I don't know which ones nicer so I
decided to do the only logical thing I
could possibly do which was to get one
of each what did you do look at heal
what did you do she just reached into
the dog bowl grab a handful and it was
like put them all over the floor and
he'll do you have a bit of an issue here
you know I over it today
you do realize that at least we have
dogs they who were everything up
it's so epic isn't it
everyone enjoys an epic sunset huh so
beautiful like I'm actually gonna watch
it go down the whole way home when I get
him over that Suns gonna be gone but
I'll get to watch it go the whole way
home and so cool okay someone more
demanding than others Sina how beautiful
is that huh son
good night sunshine see you tomorrow
I'll miss you I miss you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
