hey I just drank my first cup of coffee
it said when I did a flower for me I was
waiting for it
ah hello - thank you baby - but hello my
name is blanket baby blanket it is my
they're thinking coffee is my game
what's that T oh wow
what's this huh a shot cause it was a
blog that was ever there's the people I
know you're like what is that
mommy's table is abandoning us is it a
turkey or a baby oh I took your baby
here we see that it's Napper no you've
never seen a snapper I'm pretty sure
about 90% if you have never seen a
snapper no you know I'm talking about I
didn't know but some do google it but
it's a very famous Irish film but your
mind's having the baby and he's like
what is that kind of reason the public
the end is like five pounds no I was
like a turkey or a baby's like a baby
that's a fine sized her baby you know
the turkey something like that I mean
are you gonna miss me today media even
know I exist do you even know he exists
nope nope no interest I'm gonna go sit
in your couch okay it's like 11:00
remember I said that I would change we
changed the time from half past 9:00
half past 10:00 well my friend texted me
and she was like I'm running late
I'm running really late so it's gonna be
11:00 I'm really really sorry
and then my other friend I say she was
like that's fine I'm running late too
and I was like oh that hurts me cuz I'm
running late too we're like the same
people
mania dressed and ready to go she just
had her breakfast it was like a speedy
affair look at her outfit though it's so
cute huh it's so cute
the Lighting's not very good here but
it's all pink and blue no we're not
gonna do that now okay
my good girl you guys still here yeah
it's not today today do they do here is
just the creaking thing yes brother
dude I think yeah it's the Miley Cyrus
them to influence definitely bangin my
desires for this and are behind caps
yeah I think she's here
goodbye forever friend you guys have fun
oh oh
this presence my name and these the
glasses that didn't fall on the ground
we've got like one foot completely bare
and then one with it
maybe it's having some brioche
she got grapes cheese what else did she
have olives and she just went for the
Brianna's leg boys and you're talking
put bread in front of her setup I be
plate watch the media I guess we're all
halloweenie in this hand
we can't wait for Halloween look puddle
time make sure there's no one around
don't ever do this but that was a very
disappointing personal time I thought
it's gonna like smash our window and
everything that's great fun it's against
the law I think to do that nowadays if
there's people gonna buy a bike in a day
when I used to go to school I would
regularly get drenched by passing cars
or anyway I gotta go collect on aa and
Amelia are from Moms Club Moms Club it's
best to be in them we're here we have
arrived at Monster High
I'm not a mom but can I join your club
did you even miss me
nope doesn't care this is your best you
guys best friends best friends best
friends best friends looking at toys
Amelia oh my goodness wonder the heads
I'll get him out of cakes I'm in
Wonderland - what's that is that soup
can I have some soup please looks like
soup well flavor soup is it green flavor
is that you practice it for Halloween
you're making some broth Oh painting oh
I'm obviously not as smart decision
what's not a show as smart as a white
girl or something smart as me here
always
the quiz isn't there yeah but can't seem
to win that quite life yeah
nothing took my driving test yeah failed
miserably everything I got right it got
a Gordon right I got the like put on
your seat belt or something but the rest
of it was like we know what's this digit
pay attention pay attention pay
attention don't touch it don't touch it
don't touch it don't touch it don't
touch it don't touch it don't touch it
don't touch it touch it touch it touch
it oh my god it's the Peppa Pig laptop
now you remember from the shop turn this
one off only legs in it we were gonna
buy that so much in the room we didn't
buy it and then ever since that we've
regretted it ah
Amelia say thank you that's a thank you
in her own right yeah cause ever since
everybody should be playing with our
laptops and you're like I would have
gone to that
how are you not into Peppa Pig anymore
you're the miss Warren Direction likes
family who likes wood interaction huh
yeah he's your favorite Niall Niall
Horan that's the Irish guy thumbs up if
you like Niall Horan who's the who's
your second favorite Louis and you guys
own a Prius we're looking at the Prius
because they are like amazing for the
environment you know they're really good
for the environment which is killer
under like automatic they drive
themselves they do everything they don't
make any sandra hybrid citizens is a
carbon on I'm not I'm not I'll be honest
I'm not considering I'm driving a five
liter when I Drive past trees they
wither and die when Ana drives past the
tree and our Prius they're like grow and
they prosper and they they drop apples
and they thank you thank you for
nurturing me but and we're trying to see
if we can hop into this one and keep
Emilia sleep in here with me see if that
would work I think it's just a Honda
place here no you care how it works it
looks like a little hub a hub behind
this anyway if some commenters if you
have a Prius
if you have two kids in a Prius does it
work okay maybe you just nothing you
have the key so turn the car on this oh
my goodness guys the future of driving
is insane it's like look there's like
nothing there yeah welcome to Prius
energy monitors so oh my goodness let's
very quiet
okay our universities know I'm enjoying
it is tougher are we I think we're an
electric mode so open traverse yeah yeah
hum rates off beeper Donna would you do
it
okay you're gonna escape are you gonna
escape
I'm Deeping I'd like a Prius but I see
beeping please a non beeping one it's no
idea what's going on if he's got windows
blue screen or something yes maybe
piggy-wig tomorrow it will be pretty
cute will be pretty cute
what does the Fox say let's put this I
know you're doing this a minute ago and
I was like oh my god this I gotta get
the friendliest friends in on this like
this boom boom boom boom that's that's
not the way the song goes everybody
dance now what does the Fox say media
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo let's do this
Oh miss Amelia this Amenia is Amelia oh
oh oh so I'm looking at Halloween
costumes for Amelia because one of my
friends told me about this costume shop
I II it's an Irish costume shop and I
love this one the precious poodle but
what you guys think of me I should be
for Halloween I don't really know it's
kind of hard to decide because there's
so many cute ones
I just I'm drawn to that one Hey I just
drank my first cup of coffee it fell
when I deliver for me I was waiting for
it
ah hello when it's like a baby threat
hello my name is blanket maybe blanket
it is mother thinking coffee is my game
so I ain't got no he's getting Oh joke
the jokes coffee all over the corn
it's cuz Jonathan doesn't know how to
use the coffee machine properly he
always puts one crucial part even though
he's supposed to have it out I'm not
right Bianca yeah yeah I have a new plan
here's my new plan right
I've been instead of the dogfood and the
bitch crack bones I can get the coffee
because he has matriod okay I have to
train the babba all over again she'll
have to be giving me coffee capsules
instead of the best crack board okay
Baba you need to learn new lessons now
you need to grow a little bit more so
you can reach the coffee machine okay
okay this is the most delicious drink
I've ever drink in my life didn't order
hello okay so we've now moved on to drug
costumes so Amelia spilt some food some
dog food
I heard her do it like she put her hand
in and she threw it all on the ground
and if she's picking up little bits of
dog food and feeding them to newbies hey
Hugh Cod what is that
hey you PO can eyes out you poking eyes
oh I'm track to the cat I'm standing up
here I'm trying to get her to go to
sleep
that is gone over it now I don't like oh
you get a media to have a nap like to
have some quiet time daddy needs to play
GTA or reading some comments as well
good life is my life she said oh my god
this forgot I left you guys in there
last night
look you gotta lose to them you know I
sweeties sometimes you just rock there
like this
she mentioned Harlan see I'm not really
sure right now because this just sort of
started happening a few minutes ago so I
don't know I don't know how much
progress we're making under sneaking
this we feeling tired your eyes are
getting heavy you're feeling so tired
all the weight of the world is upon you
alright friendliest friend time the
water is gone it
you must comment to the town it thank
you
come on friend give me round okay Nikki
baby Nikki baby so she that's one
Italian book that one right there the
Peppa Pig and then she gets her good
night moon which is the last one there
so that's what we do now instead of
breastfeeding and so far it's it's
really worked well I love her fairy
lights in her room I think they're so
cute ok are we gonna have some reading
time Amelia come up to mommy come on up
to mom and she has fresh bed sheets
tonight too come on you're so tired I
back up on moon and I look up a bit move
about you bout that Moochie bail bail
bail bail bail bail we do it again and
go down corner and faster of our bow II
can't even chip og bhauja buh-buh-buh I
pick up a move without their Mumbai boat
you
bow-bow hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
