careful Jonathan oh great
Oh God put you guys in a microwave last
night what you guys did you guys enjoy
it in microwave last night huh good
let's put it up at all I don't put this
on for three minutes right but I put
mine on for 250k
I don't know why 250 just seems better
we've done three minutes it just you
don't you forget that we just need
things to be an exact per site right
Yankee Navy Yankee Navy pink don't be
mean to your sister
she's busy watching a purple is
Napoleon's Peugeot yes uh-huh
sorry to disturb your friends all right
and today guys
it is not storming so I'm gonna big
orange amber storm warning everybody run
for the hills protect your chosen well
actually turns out to be an all right
thanks under the sky you know how I feel
it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new life this is what she was doing
yesterday she was like going ahead and
place it with the trees and she loved
the power and the control that she had
over it the puffy there was some
laughing she's like a little king or
something with his oh oh you're not
giving it away what is that thing that
kings and queens have the nothing wrong
nothing I can't remember they have like
a staff or something that's what she's
like the ankus the most ballsy looks you
can get got it Clank I got the tree
woman oh my god Lee Jackson it was
Halloween right as a shepherd all the
dogs you can use she could walk newbies
arrived everyone Little Bo Peep Little
Bo Peep
yeah okay new pieces like she's so tiny
yeah I know I know the new pieces right
here
I knew these okay I know it's a good
idea okay here you comment oh you can
have to go to you're gonna be Little Bo
Peep well won't be buzz laughter she
didn't lady for anyone no just think we
can incorporate our props you will be
the best-dressed Halloween baby under
road all right there's a heavy
competition on this road all right we'd
start organizing the house you know it's
the Americans they always like are down
in the basement like your brother is
like a huge basement and it's like it's
like a bonus room when you buy a dress
in America you can't make a bonus room
we buy houses in Ireland we don't we
just get gravel and ground emails - yeah
if you build you can build in a basement
but it's like it's like a standard thing
in American houses this basement so here
if you're sitting in your basement or
your next time next time you go into
your basement just know just know jofi
joke doesn't have a basement so I
appreciate your basement send sense of
love to you but hope your basement okay
hugger basement what the Fox say what
about the first area but I'm fine and
that I have to look up don't watch is
this and it's just that it's song you
don't know just google it I think it's I
find I stand
I found on iTunes or just a 30 second
thing on iTunes listen to me now
semantics semantics right remember that
rule about jokes oh he's right well the
song is not about I love your long hair
rush into the field so it is about a fox
but I don't know I just think it's funny
what the say that it's very catchy
what does what does the Fox say
what the I think my ways better and
you can contact APIs or Yvonne Yvonne
whoever it is that made an Avon
Barksdale oh my god I mean that's what
happened to him after to wear what Avon
did so we're just here look like looking
at cars
I knew did we bump into your kids why to
show Mom
you get bonus points if you hit all the
other cars it's cool because it's bigger
kind of Affairs the black one I think
it's a lovely car nice barking on his
parking right it wasn't about me the car
about him the car all hope is lost how
do you feel about it yeah I really like
it yeah I really like it um my issue
like my thing with I think I was more
confident in like a hatchback driving
just because it's not a huge difference
you know any comments if you have a
c-class see days now let me know what
you think of it if you probably have
kids and stuff cuz I I think that will
get a perfect car for like a good few
years you get a couple of years yeah I
don't want it like I'm not like you the
second you buy a Ford or a family car I
am in a roadster on that same day Joe
feel drive home in a two-seater
convertible let's go to toilet land this
is where Thailand is it is such a track
to get to this place like you think
they'd put it near the car park
- toilet lands it's a drive
if you park it's like there it is the
motorway out there eventually all of us
in the elevator
we're just standing there we realize
like your biggest thing is you know
these are like winters move your hands
there well they are showing down yeah
they're actually oh my god if your boobs
are gone
Chumlee used to be like ginormous boobs
never come back yet just just as they go
away hey so you know doing that when you
stop resting in there you gotta start a
depression ego so when you start resting
did you get it before yeah does it work
that way that we cool what did you get
friends Percy - delicious all butter
biscuits decorator rest with flavoring
fondant it's Italian Peppa Pig a block
of cheese call me - Marks and Spencers
and get a nice bite soft fun oh my
goodness they're amazing
and he can't put it in sideways I think
she's trying to eat at the big thing
there you go yeah okay okay what do you
think Brent this Percy tastes good
I was he I was just eating this bun I
don't like to be oh my god how many
times tonight you know I was like as low
as I could say so good so turn it over
and they read this is guideline daily
amount but then I read is if I do have
some calories I was like there's 2,000
calories is fun imagine eating something
what is the most amazing carriage and
soon amazing calories in a big mess Oh
doesn't he want it don't you get like a
double burner thing no is it Burger King
that do it somebody doesn't way you get
the double I'm gonna read a Big Mike
that's treatments bread three slices of
bread and then true burgers all right
god no I'm putting a very I've only ever
ventured as far as their chicken round a
Royale with cheese
RMA chicken macaroni or chicken sandwich
chicken salmon is employer the same
thing I know we are big for anything
else in the world
yeah yeah that's a big P yeah obviously
read the entire pizza but if you come
and if you know something like like a
bone like that is there like a cake a
little small cake if one's consumed
oh it's like two or three pairs and
calories I'm gonna find out I'm gonna
eat it as an experiment Presley Big Ear
you're eating a pig hair
you think friend look it moves oh he's
walking in a toy shop yourself yeah well
Teeter oh my goodness
like that think we taking that did you
pick that up think the stuff all moose
it's over the other side you wanna party
friends birdie-birdie look at no one's
eating I don't know what happened if we
had a bird in the house it'd be
different
hope you bought the biggest bag of dog
food known to mankind
there's dogs in there is it good morning
again my little friendliest friend it's
the outside you want to say hello did he
had say Rob still there friend huh
you didn't talk to many things that I
heard the books pour glasses didn't uh
didn't make it
what what is your brother
waiting's read about it I haven't got
one eye correction my arrival perfect I
only need to wear half glasses
do you know what I mean do you know what
I mean Jojo ciao ciao
give me a look you bring a book huh
Minnie Mouse Minnie Mouse looking at
Peppa's big train don't jump off there
nobody's there to save you we're all
over here normally I brought you a
charger supercharge your life how many
apps did you watch oh really
yeah I'll wait and transfer them for you
hmm very busy life Oh
so every evening I say to Anna
I say Anna how much how much why don't
you be got today huh for all our
friendliest friends huh I opened her
card and I find one file one fine today
is it oh my goodness and we are we just
deleting that video now after today's
work it's okay it's okay
pick your nose instead what's so funny
oh my goodness oh it's like I put it in
it's like ah geez geez geez you dance a
friend yeah all right dinner dinner
we're out dar dinner I think tonight I
am going to slave and make a giant
beautiful char girls teriyaki chicken
noodle dinner okay it's going to be so
fresh fresh it's gonna be amazing
there's nothing behind me to see here I
mean it's quickly quipped that off this
is so you're laughing at you little
freak
under the under the light there's
actually not anyway so tomorrow morning
we were supposed to have Moms Club at
half-past nine and I kind of just go
along with the other moms because they
have kids in school and I don't
so it was like yeah whatever that's fine
okay and then my one friend just text or
no she so we're in like a watsapp group
called Moms Club and there's three of us
and she knows to eat at me because the
other girl isn't on Twitter and she was
like did we really just commit to half
past nine she was like go on you're the
pregnant one who asks can we push it
back to half day oh yeah I'll do it I'll
take one for the team it's not even like
the third girl is like a witch or
anything she's probably gonna be
fighting yeah I know it's just I feel
like okay well they all have kids that
are in school and they you know they got
off earlier so how these things go yeah
I'll be some grammar school I was four
so but engineer to screw up in your fort
Oh or play group I think five is good
yeah
goodnight my friend
you gotta put him somewhere you just
can't just leave vlogedy friendly as
friends around the hair so I was about
them but then somewhere exciting oh are
you going you know where are we going
what's even happening here to go to
spend the night in a box and
celebrations ok see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
