don't be afraid we'll go in together
what do you mean you're not going in
good morning friends good morning
Alessia eduardo and and today
Alessia is having her first ever pancake
do you want to try having a pancake no
no what do you think oh thanks very much
for that pancake we think you like it do
you like it what's it a blueberry every
day is another party day with these
children is there a party every single
day your social life your social eyes
are off the hook
it's a double party today Howard wired
us in who's backwards thing this is
Eduardo a little backwards move
I can say you know I haven't worn this
jacket you guys remember when I bought
this we were in Beverly Hills and in
Rodeo Drive of all places like pretty
woman here and yeah and we found that
shop that sold Porsche design stuff and
I bought this jacket and I loved it
that's true fit in here but I do miss
that time when was that 2014 2015 and
kind of like the half of 2016 when we
were like traveling all the time and
going to all the conventions and we were
like just always traveling and doing
stuff and pretty much since we
miscarried would smell squid baby
we haven't ready done anything in the
last like year I know you didn't mean
yeah but in the last year we really
haven't done anything we haven't gone
anywhere we had a baby and then we were
just saying that like never leaves me
where it had Alessi is six months old
and she's moved out of my room I feel
like life is starting again we kind of
paused it and I feel like the book tour
which is happening only like two weeks I
think that's gonna be like the start of
like going back to our life coming back
going back on track and
yeah I said I wanted on to be busy if it
took out rosie was it boy Borya would be
Rubby Rubby and Rosie like the story
that daddy used to do yeah
so I'm excited I'm excited for our life
to get back on track
yes fried and we can take
thank you
all right boys and girls
untouchable what did he draw a miracle
sting no I want you to bow off oh no all
right let's go we're gonna leave our
magical pen in the car let's go no you
can't bring that no no go get lost to
media it's a party all right we're going
in here guys but I'm not 100% sure this
is the place it seems kind of abandoned
let's just go anyway what I know come on
we need to go in don't be afraid we'll
go in together what do you mean you're
not going in well I think this is the
place guys what what is what is what I
saw kitten come on guys I do we'll all
go today they've getting wind in the
bushes come on I mean it we'll go
together
send the media first run we're running
we're running all right
they seems lots are you here people
though where's the party guys an
invisible party
look what Jessica got for her birthday
she got a motorbike oh my goodness do
you want a motorbike for your birthday
Mina what do you know where to play
seemed abandoned ice
do you know why I couldn't figure out
where the party was quite because it
doesn't start for another hour a place
looked completely abandoned I didn't
know what to do and I was like wait am I
in the wrong place or something and then
they all came up in a convoy and I was
like ah phew the place is abandoned and
I mean it was afraid to go in she
thought it was abandoned by the
advantage of coming early is that while
the setup is going we found access to
deer abandoned playground from the
abandoned building an abandoned
playground Oh Caesar
look at the size ROTC show guys guys
what's in here I'm coming why don't we
try something
I know I need to take a pill there shall
be no kicking of daddy there shall be no
kicking of daddy there's a no kicking of
that yeah I just heard Alessia crying Oh
it is half past two on the doll which is
perfect cuz yesterday she kind of like
yesterday and the day before she woke up
early from her naps and I really didn't
want that so perfect I moved some of the
stuff last night so this stuff is there
but those loads of boxes there I moved
them so I'm making progress every day
she change a nappy also I was just
training the dogs because I brought I'll
be upstairs like by himself because I
had to clean his ears and he never likes
that so I brought a treat and he was so
good and it's all because I had the
treat there and then I started doing
this thing that I was to do back in the
day which was fetch the treat it's
actually fine to the tree but I hope he
doesn't fetch if you know anything about
lb he does not he and Nevaeh do not
fetch so they like running hide instead
but anyway what I did was I put the
treat like I hid
in my room and his nose is incredible
because I trained him to do this um I
think it was after he lost his eye
actually yeah to like practice his sense
of smell because as I obviously was gone
so I knew his sight wouldn't be that
good but his sense of smell is amazing
he found it every time and I would hide
it in like really obscure places and
he'd always he he would come into the
room and he'd just be like like the
whole time and then he'd find it it was
just so cool and like he hasn't lost
that and then um it's probably been
years since I've played that game with
him as well which is really bad but it's
just like the time that we don't have
anymore so then I tried with the other
dogs and I was trying to teach them I
was trying to teach Theo and Bianca lay
down because they don't know that one
yet with Albee I used blocks of cheese
which will not blocks not like four
blocks but like little tiny little balls
of cheese that I would like you know
rolling my fingers and he loved it and I
was using organic dog treats with them
times have changed
yep so we're back Jessica came to our
house what's in there here hey there's
one of those orange balls in here anyway
mister come on come here to me Eduardo
likes to have a pre-dinner about your
party bye where's your party bags are
behind me oh you get a party bag oh it
was nice shall we go inside don't have
our dyndns mister before I had to feed
you to the monster in the basement
no okay No
check out my fashion statement hi there
hi there I would like you to come inside
and have dinner peace now Wow some LEGO
Friends wasn't that nice to Jessica
Olivia and Johanna and I made us a feast
is this me here oh yes plenty that's
those two chips
hmm and she didn't eat at the party so
Eduardo was throwing this thing around
and you know what it was at some point
this was a slice of cake but it is milk
we having dinner and alessia's happened
some of my peas having didn't say that
everyone thank mommy for making us a
dinner while we were at the party what I
like watching somebody YouTube's well
unless you have some peas
I know because mommy film - what a
Wednesday the neck concludes today's
episode of you want to bet idea froggy
everybody I think it's done everybody
