morning hi hi hi friends you see my
friend Amelia kissed her mommy this
morning voluntarily she crawled across
the bed huh get that India Cynthia get
that in fear Cynthia it's another
beautiful morning here in County Arland
not slashing rain but it's nice and
sunny which is a nice change and as a
14th driving lesson today 14 lessons in
and you haven't got it figured out yet
look at this little cute munchkin here
what are you coming in with you got to
pepper toys you bring in to pepper toys
in huh one sock to Peppa pig's oh yeah
so I saw like there's a bit of em that
was sort of it a gentle light debate
yesterday in the comments about the
origin of our bees I version of alby's I
we did a big frog in it but that was
like about a year or two ago we talked
about it now I now be yeah
what if you're wondering how peacocks
does one eye because when he was like
about six months old their little black
cat my mom or my mom Anna's mom has um
you know they were kind of playing
together in the sitting-room and I don't
think Nikki yeah I don't know I don't
know if Nikki did it on purpose or not
but she likes wiped him you know and she
could like it's sort of the outer part
of the eye and we brought him to the
vets and turned out it was pretty
serious and then we went to a specialist
that Oddie surgeon and they did a huge
operation and they said to us afterwards
they were like look you know we can do
another operation now and remove the eye
which is probably
like the cheapest option and it's
probably like you know or if you want to
take the risk there's like a small
chance that his eye will be okay but if
it's not it's gonna cost like another
ridiculous amount of money so we decided
to take the risk and see if I he's all I
got better and about six months or so
later it started started to develop a
coma because the pressure behind the I
was forced to get bored or something
like that so we went and got another
operation removed I'll be I'm telling a
story about you and you're over there
barking and everyone huh
and that is essentially how Alby has
ended up at one eye he was only like six
months or so when it happened so he
doesn't really know life were at it so
you know he's okay plus our dogs are
also quite versatile they're able to
survive not right you don't even know
you don't even care how they cook sees
and that is a story about Alby everyone
I he'll be the one I tried then spider
mommy's going mommy's going on her
lesson friend which means we can put you
in a friend okay yeah so I was watching
this this morning because they got some
PBS on it from the doggies and two peas
came into window chased me out they ran
me out of the bathroom
so it's abandoned there I don't even
going with you where do you even sleep
anymore huh don't even sleep anymore
are you pop down there for a second good
I see you know a friendly as friend
turn about my new verse okay so my dad
hello hello thou how are you
I got quite heroes bigger to my gaudiya
what's that they're purple who wants
them I don't know put your hood on
friends no let everybody see your beauty
okay okay this thing huh it's cute bows
should be no bigger than society that is
a regulated phone so I can't find it
it's breaking all the Bowl rules bull
give me we have to go no I'm gonna grab
the lashings of rain
give her the hand sanitizers what she
eat it
Jonathan like be careful I'm careful
careful's my middle name how do you
stupid daddy's not stupid watch the side
you focus party what she's not messing
up her bowl all right you made it all
weird shape I hope the ball doesn't fall
off in the car and blow out the window
and get it what are you doing you try
and put that in my eye
what happens if it Breslau bees mutton
it's like oh no it's gonna do a Breaking
Bad spoiler there huh
we're people I've seen it done
how cool I should install that as a
security system in your car so it breaks
it okay
leave me alone so I can do my stupid
video oh it's so beautiful in summary
so I just spent like the last 500 hours
trying to film a tutorial video and I
filmed like most of it before I went for
my lesson and then I had to finish it
off after my lesson and so it just got
really dragged it and like cards died or
filled up no cards filled up and then
batteries died and it was just a huge
mess but anyways I got it done I don't
know when it's gonna be up because I
don't know how long this is gonna take
you to edit cuz I'm not good at editing
at all so I'm trying to get the place
cleaned up and the dishwasher still
hasn't been emptied from this morning my
little helper is gone that's not the
reason why I wasn't empty so yeah my
little helpers gone
dopey took at me we have four so I could
finish my video book I was like do you
how do it's like if I don't I come back
and there'll be nothing done and you'll
be in a bad mood
it was like so that was nice man so now
I'm just trying to get the house
somewhat in order I love this weather is
like driving me insane though honestly
like the dogs can't relieve you out so
they're kind of all on top of each other
and not the thoughts usually like even
in nice weather I mean they're inside
dogs they like being inside and it
doesn't usually bother me as much which
is weird on a sunny day but I think
that's just because they're in and out
and they're kind of like sometimes they
play head side and it's just different I
don't know I don't even know how to
explain um oh god this room well it's
not my bad foot you see machines on here
Oh God I need to run again yeah
we just need to check out one it's in
our home right now I feel it's a little
bit messy so I'm gonna clean up we see
if we can score some transporting one oh
this one's gonna put enough funny person
on it mmm it's a bit dirty though you
don't like she a bit dirty we go to the
next Charlie Bay see if we can get a
nicer one only can I get under your hood
as well we do pull up at the hood Ã¤j--
who do you think get your little hairs
she the front okay okay now I did to
know it's known that I want about these
ones you don't want to eat you want to
be a little pirate want to be a pirate
no it's a no on the pirate my bread
would you like friend we got some soup I
would recommend those bad boys their
poppy seeds would use anything else
you'd prefer instead yes sir yes ma'am
how about some coconut swirls their
cocoa and nutty their cocoa and Nettie
this is the best part of Halloween
so good
we got one where this guy the kind of
service you look like it makes a good
racket you seize ones but they all have
the Rings in them and I don't want you
want the ring because one time I nearly
ate the ring and look after that for me
yeah don't drop it now okay don't drop
it
are you gonna do oh you know yeah yeah
so I thought oh is that lipstick sorry
sorry put you back yeah there you go
do what you were doing you were walking
oh look at that big girl
that's very Christmasy outfit by the way
I fell asleep editing I actually did get
somewhere with the editing but I fell
asleep I just don't even know how to
explain this tiredness I'm having second
I'm this tiredness and doesn't matter
what time of day what goes on but I'm
always tired somebody actually said
though that you know a few people said
that the hormone that's released when
you're weaning like weaning for good is
the same hormone as the one that you get
with like postpartum depression and
stuff so they were saying this wasn't
about this hardness issue this was the
best us mood swings there's no that's
probably contributing to that as well I
didn't even know that you guys know as
well that the hormone that's released in
pregnancy in the early supremacy is the
same as what they do
two horses in horse tranquilizers
so we're not getting a nanny we are not
getting a nanny just put in air first
what animals looking on a website about
a nanny oh my god cheers job so you can
go live in people's like super rich
manners as a couple and I think I can do
the gardening and the girl can do like
there with like laundry service and
stuff and he's like a driver and so
could you get to live there and you get
paid to live in someone's mansion I
totally take that job but look 40 grand
here anyway
so you get these monsters we're just
talking about you know cuz I don't know
wants to get a nanny what is that like
you might you know easy be and I was
like on yeah whatever nice and oh my
goodness like everything tonight I have
to like Iran this time I gotta bring
upstairs in our batter itself and I was
like oh my god I'm actually saying
something like can you just bring the
baby upstairs and put it to bed please
and we can just like sit down and watch
TV and stuff but then that's a bonding
experience yeah yeah I might feel not
that don't prefer that you know I still
like you but they all look Yeah right
now like as much as like you don't want
to have to do it but then every time I
do it it's like we have our little
special time you know if it's like a
bonding experience but then you just
like oh but just when you were talking
about your I was like ah wait a second
okay could you just bring the baby
upstairs please or we're gonna have a
sister or a brother to take care of you
we're just get it Erica to move in every
time she was open skills attend dear
what yeah I know we couldn't even put it
in the room without the inner babies
aren't we
you weren't there I was even there for
Moses I was very present check the
blog's I was exhausted but they were
like oh if you want you can remove the
baby you know I remember I wasn't
exhausted but then I remember I was
walking possibly - ah I saw all the
babies in the middle plastic bed I was
just like no you didn't friends yeah
well next time you're gonna see a hybrid
right wheel it away please take take it
away
I'll collect I'll collected in reception
on the way out after my three days in
the spa - it's like Brent alright
where shall we put my friends tonight oh
where shall I put my friends to unite oh
where should I put my friends tonight
would you like to spend it in the
microwave I'll see you guys for
breakfast in the morning
don't forget two cups of almond milk and
par Jan don't forget the Shogun and
raisins hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
