oh you are so cute
where you radioactive you gonna jump
down there you jumping down there are
you determined to jump down there a
friend I see you get your okay I've got
her I've got her I got her she's just
you seen her backwards slide off the
backwards she's doing a demon oh nice
nice a mount demons whatever you call
that thing hi Ally featuring LV did it
did a sitcom start you know the music
plays he's like dude a turn to turn into
laughs oh don't do it
hey friend like the bacon you like the
bacon bacon bits
perfectly erect you destroy all listed
files and folders no thank you no thank
you I don't want to do that
no thank you what kind of a book is that
what kind of a button even a button that
says that you mean is a hacker jeepers
okay be scared don't be scared if the
rocks that I got
okay hello the concern okay okay okay oh
you know it's like no no no thanks
you know what every time I see a media
in this room I just want to give it to
her she walked me into yourself
I don't use it anymore for filming but I
just don't think that's why boys night
exactly that's why boisterous boys
aren't allowed I gotta do my workout and
they're my morning workout you'll get
your feet off this pretty good three
four five six seven
hey show her show her the cupcake tree
yeah I know she makes these funny noise
it like careful I know cuz there's one
cracked at the back so I keep it like
this like almost afraid okay she's not
afraid anymore
I love Italy being so cute
no she suits this room so much better
yes yeah do you want this room anything
is I think well she's still too small to
move out of her no bars yeah I know you
can get like toddler beds but then it's
like what's the point yeah because then
you know you have to change it after a
year or two and then you're playing like
keep it wet until we yeah which we
actually last night we actually came up
with her he chose me
because we are torn between two names
well because we have the boy name we
have the boys in and then I'm convinced
that it's gonna be a girl like I
definitely think it's gonna be I don't
know I just I definitely think it's
gonna be a girl I can't imagine having a
boy I don't know this is my boy this is
my son say that yeah but then we had tea
names and I liked one you like the other
but then last night we came up with a
way where we get up both yeah he's
pretty cool I just like saying I
actually oh is that what it was
well no we liked both of them but we
wanted to use them both in some way and
we're like Oh boom Ã¤j-- and you have to
use them the way we're using them
because yeah the way there isn't it
ain't roll it doesn't roll you know it's
really important in the road if you're
wondering basically you just made one of
the names and middle name so now we have
a name we let you know once we get the
gender first yeah one name her name and
I'd name her now and then it's a boy
ever like that's just me Oh at the end
we have no name but it's just that the
boy one was easy because that was a boy
name that we had for like our first date
you know in case she was a boy and we
hadn't taught him for another girl named
because the media was our first choice
for a girl's name
I don't know about leaving this in your
room when it becomes your room yeah but
we imagine she has friends over and
she's like that's just picture my mom
that's cool no I know but it's like it
should probably be an art your bedroom
oh oh oh hopefully you know we got a
bigger head someday and you can have
like a studio room
just be yourself you know that's what I
don't know that art the communal bedroom
oh I'm just like it can't be in the
living nobody needs to be in your Nick
you know and make you mine I like the
closet yeah yeah that's cool yeah it is
cool but you can't like display it in
your house like downstairs I'm the I'm
the gauge you know just let side to gave
some people drive by like no what am I
don't you get friends home no that's
just a collage if you're like oh my god
your mom is so beautiful she's so
amazing
that's a big missing for them they're
probably be overshadowed by the fact
that how amazing your father is but your
father is amazing yeah they put a bunk
bed for you and your friend
it is a bunk I had a bunk bed bed I was
a book bed buddy it was a bottom bunk
bed buddy but it is a bunk bed yeah I
know change it no no you've comments
yeah I was I was in the bottom Roberto's
under there actually dangerous dangerous
yeah I was reading a thing that you know
we were looking at walkers and walkers
on bunk beds on trampolines are like on
the noblest why didn't have a walker or
trampoline but man a bump LaVista job
offered it was great fun
your good name is Carrie sighs you
scared right every time she comes in
here I'm like this should be here like
it's so perfect for a little girl or
means I get it there and then if we have
two girls we can have one on each side
like Sister Sister
remember to two sisters and nifty Gary
went to school Sweet Valley High there
were twins though
you know maybe I mean they don't have a
twin somehow we could like to know and
attend our twins and raise them together
and then under 18th Burton will tell one
of them actually you're 17
no no I see in the beginning when one of
them is crawling and one of those
walking Nakul he's just a little bit
slow
I've got the munch I've got the crunch
I've got the peppers Chili's ham and
potato crunch and some egg ran out of
rhymes doesn't really matter because I'm
Justine times what what so it's been a
while well it's been a couple of days
since a Ana and since since since comma
no full stop return new sentence capital
a I was gonna make just a sandwich
sandwich and then Remembrance Sunday was
like Sunday
hey I don't affect I have good honest
okay I've got good honest eggs today the
review is not in quark I think we're
reviews in quark I may be wrong
Riverview yeah yeah water price ago came
to court cool they're like local eggs
totes local eggs it actually had a
better on us that's how fresh the eggs
are they come with feathers it's taken a
long time to float down to the ground
we'll wait for you okay we can continue
involved to get some could you from new
roast Irish ham
where's this from second Dublin ham her
back in Dublin had essentially yourself
okay I'm gonna whip this up into a nice
tasty you want you know I always do this
first beforehand no idea wine so it
builds it up actually see the flip
perfection every time mm-hmm seriously I
don't know why that just seems to work
every time one of these days it's just
gonna explode everywhere
my name's because I bought a facade it's
going to be excellent you want before
that let me tell you I'm just gonna
stretch you out horizontally I'm just
stretching it out here now because I'm
just getting prepared now and preparing
myself I can smell it ahem hi I can
smell him smell it smell it before you
or H&F attacker it's mayhem I was ready
to eat it all but then I checked to see
us I don't wake and she's awake so I'm
gonna give her half of it because I
noticed she's probably sitting upstairs
she probably smell it you know and then
I was in a boy good husband stupid wise
good I didn't get the freedom going
peppers potato egg Chili's it's a good
hi there
Neto lawyer stuff in the floor were you
trying on your stuff on the floor for
you hmm
you don't own your stuff on the floor
why you never a moment's peace with a
friendliest friend if you're committing
to having a friendly as friend just know
that you're never gonna have time to do
anything ever again
except look after your friendliest
friend and sometimes you can poke them
in the air sometimes you can poke them
in the air like that right friend wanna
come downstairs yeah you gonna keep on
what does it say keep sweet sweet
cupcakes
good plan hi there hi there friend you
causing trouble good trouble maker how
would you like a tomato cheese chicken
Ian deli-style and a nice tasty one of
these thingies you know I'll be bloody
tasty that would do
yeah we'll be a tasty time friend you
like it friend huh I didn't
I actually just can't invest more
scrambled eggs instead to make it more
fun cuz the tomatoes are a bit too big
but look at it some bread
you're mad on the bread we'd love a ham
there or chicken blanket Ciccone
anything you make this friend is so in
three so horribly and wintry it's really
it is actually winter even though it's
only Oh technically in October for
another a couple of days two or three
days I think
but it's time
it feels wintry it's gonna bypass on
them it doesn't do Ottoman are entered
by pathless just go straight past it
straight to winter no time for autumn
folks pork belly is the actual belly
because this isn't an berry after you
eat a pork belly be like no how you
Jamie wake up was the dog we just
missing yeah but it only takes in 30
minutes make it right there you go
such as quite appropriate because last
night was the first night that she did
not have breast feeding so we were
reading lots of books and I was seeing
her lots of songs and lullabies and
stuff and that's kind of how I got her
down so let's hope tonight's the same
it's kind of sad though cuz it's over
like I know I did it for the full year
and a little bit over but it is kinda
sad but still I know it's better because
then I need my energy for the pregnancy
and then next baby alright friend away
from mom
something that panicky it's key
well you aren't turning the page you
like my nails luck without a pedicure
it's not folks
hedgers a pedicure yeah what's I know
manicure no I just paid join in look at
that one I got a cat on there's a bit
no it's flowers oh that's cool let's
make flowers secret I've got a nose
pierced guys friends
we have come to the property today we
will say goodbye if you don't it'll like
pretend Emilia cries ourselves to school
and we don't want to about that now
yeah hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
