what's going on here Oh what's going on
here
is it tore tormenting going on here
newbie favorite Albie never else getting
in on it you guys running around ina
forgot to put the bins out this morning
in this dish
that's your job I always say it every
night oh my god our bin people right
there like all these Greg 9 never like
12 and I've kind of depended on their
flakiness and this morning they came we
a and it's all the recycling stuff from
the party all the media's presents and
stuff
everywhere you go everywhere we go
people always ask us who we are where do
we come from
and we always tell them we're from
tearing earth my mighty Terrier Aziz is
there the rugby matches GE oh and you
worry boy last night you thought it was
so funny and there's just like over
whatever whatever good for it do the
eyelash thingy
oh the iLife thingy China butterflies
here last makes you thought of what it
was like she could not stop laughing
my
not very close but no me what you got
tiny boobs again no not getting bigger
knowledge ease Oh Theodore didn't you do
it we love you much --chili hey careful
there
head bumper oh you want to play the plug
sockets why'd you lick your finger and
stick it in with a little holes see what
happens ah welcome to the House of fun
here I guess what reporter no cons are
so long and I like dragon the eyes I'm
holding them up like five dice
hello somebody is having a rough time
today I don't know why but Amelia's kind
of to me this morning and she just wants
me to carry her everywhere so I've been
making breakfast and like carrying her
on my hip hmm money don't mind cuz
you're my little buddy okay let's help
mommy with the dishwasher Tang thank you
come on earn your keep thank you are you
gonna love organizing like mommy thank
you good girl
ah thank you look at you I need to troll
pop over there aw say that your toy just
got a million times better
huh oh just gonna stand there
beige toy yeah just put that back on
actually go in just a favorite wanna
screw Teddy oh oh oh my god is a what
Jason your Oh got more white where's it
see can't sorry I abandoned you Amelia
hey dancing hey that's it you like she's
like turns it away
oh my god it's back you just flew past
me are you doing this again friend know
what she don't give it to me give me
that what the heck give me get your hand
in there I mean I got an iPhone this is
my old 3G iPhone so I gave it to her
cause she loved stealing one the only
thing is it doesn't light up so it's not
as cool as mine okay so let's decide
what to wear
good morning again my little friendly
friend are you might have a friendly as
friend hey you dropped your phone
Amelia's got an iPhone 3GS
oh my little peep outside
look at the outside world it's an
interesting situation got a picture of
mom a picture of that asleep it would
seem but this time let's just put this
over here don't ya inside the mommy God
good morning again mommy
buh-bye Google's go to the window to see
you over come off and help 1965 Beatles
film help that's the answer by the way
to yesterday's anyway as well why hasn't
the second trimester kicked in yet
this time last time I was like so full
of energy and I was all like woohoo it's
like you try mister everything's perfect
now I'm just like falling asleep all the
time like literally I had to go back to
bed for three no two almost two hours
and somebody mentioned that maybe I was
sleeping too much and that's why I
couldn't sleep at night that's that
definitely is not the problem cuz I it's
not like I nap all day long or anything
like that
and then at night I don't get enough
sleep I know I don't and that's just
because I haven't been able to sleep so
I probably get a bit like maximum six
hours and you're supposed to get eight
so I don't it's not that I'm saying too
much I don't know it's like this crazy
tiredness thing but then coupled with
insomnia it's just not working out for
me right now and you second now you can
just be dropped oh just measure how many
you just V job
oh yeah you could just be dropping and
then here tell you my I saved you
hornuts you're telling about I save you
oh I mean it makes everything better
oh it makes everything better huh come
on such a hard date today folks such a
hard day today I know that all great
NAVAIR makes everything better - it
makes everything better - huh
yeah I haven't said such a hard day
you know I talked about that before
wait depression itself kind of like
spiral headed control you know it kind
of like you started yesterday when
you're getting the sign of that I don't
know it's our feeling the emptiness
creeping inside of me one of those days
where it's got me it's gonna beat me I
know what's happening I know inspired in
my so it's back just you know if you if
you're similar you have depression your
life right I'm you know it's always
important to check yourself I've talked
about before you know you just like
check yourself realize that you're
spiraling realize everybody doesn't hate
you you're not alone it's not in their
world you know it's like just you're
going through something it's going to
pass you just need to check yourself
while that's happening you know so
they've all got for a long title or
something later on just kind of clear my
head now so I was just telling Jonathan
that I was reading my last my fifteen
week bump update on my blog and I know
obviously I'm not fifteen weeks
yeah but I will be in like two under the
little under two weeks so I was reading
that and it was like best moment this
oh my god we think Xena might be
pregnant and it's like Oh her little
nips are like swollen and she looks a
bit bigger than usual now we don't know
yet so weird it was you know cause it's
like a diary and I'm like we don't know
yet so we're gonna go and find out and
there's like I can reach back in time
and shake that girl and say no it's the
worst idea ever
what it isn't really oh my god do you
imagine of Bianco's yeah can you imagine
waking up my next 15 was like we think
that Bianca looks a little bit bigger 12
mafia yeah I know but at the time we I
remember thinking like oh I gotta have a
new puppy not like puppies
damn you guys actually like I know it's
been it's been a while but if you
haven't I'm gonna leave in the
description dead links to seen his birth
video
yeah you know exciting a lot of people
didn't actually see act I was so long
ago you guys are totally checked it out
it's what amazing to see like I'll be
was sitting there like looking in
watching into River and give her our
Twitter and you guys follow us back
there and we're like live tweeting ass
bag but like I took two puppies I was
incredible aliens like it is amazing
because I remember like I had never you
know I didn't have a baby yet so I
really what expect to expect and like
was just it was really almost like
therapeutic to watch an animal go
through G we're not gonna fall over or I
could choose contracting acting almost
like get emotional talking about it
because she was like my hero like she
was like my birth hero because she
pushes five puppies and I just I thought
I had so much respect for her I was just
like you are amazing oh my god I was the
funniest thing ever
the media was grabbing the celebration
Seng and hitting the dogs with it but
then they took it off her but you got to
back off them can see that she got a
 off you go bug like ha ha ha oh
they got it they got it
well that's Oh Erica just called bean
she's like oh I don't I was flooding
they can't get you to a plumber and
they're like oh of the top is exploded
in the side passage oh and go turn it
over so I can fix it oh ok that's
standard a clip better turn the camera
Jovie and always like no your latchkey
kid he never lets me practice driving
never yeah but it's like rush hour
traffic now look at your time look at
six freckles pasta hair you're supposed
to practice in practice in rush hour
nothing yeah stop go something oh yeah
with you go there we'll be stuck in your
mom place for hours we won't because I
need to get stuff done do you need to
get stuff done I wanted to go for a
cycle clear my mind I need to do the dog
pill well fine but we're going right now
put a melee in your pocket let's go it's
the funny yes bunny is did it it it it
funny as bunny as did it it it it
justice mom's driving I'm in the back
foot Amelia see you are getting you're
practicing I know
nice I show you you're welcome for it
we've got a house flooding at the moment
uh-huh
I've never actually sat in the back of
this car Sam wouldn't say it's the most
spacious I'm not the tallest man in the
world
oh my goodness haha I read the college
manager really my father's Road works
there is Road Road sir this is not an
asphalt there's a road right situation
come on you noticing hey look dude I
think you know anything your kid ago Oh
what your arms oh okay come on let's go
up the step up good girl
up the next Stephanie peak one big sup
you might have to let go at this point
come on Oh one photo get your photo
there we go huh big step
oh don't know why you walked all the way
here friends
so many kids so many E's Oh oh my
godness bit of water here on let's have
a look how bad it is Oh No
it's like a lake here it's not working
there's another option if we can somehow
I know I know nothing away have faith
look you know I had was so close oh my
goodness I should have bought my hose
eating with every alright we're equals
it helps let's just type it kinda see
what happens to turn it off
oh my goodness no that's not gonna work
we tried twisting it
we tried Behance 10-hour option if
you're trying that the holes back on
like it never even happened
alright at this point you might want to
put an electrical equipment to the side
now you can see I'm like a Fight Club
okay oh yeah but now I want what that
was already all right
the stage process matter we have that in
place what that was already on the whole
time mom just put it off no because it
was attached to the horse now yeah I
know she attached it to the hose itself
what uh tada
oh yeah hello Mario
hey sorry oh it's Oreo is Oreo chorus
Mario or is Mario you see orange Mario I
don't give me hold it there check it out
o Rh mari is gone so let's go crazy on
this Friday night let's watch Peppa Pig
on the floor
crazy party Friday night crazy popular
thanks Russian song it goes pizza party
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
