you know those kids that come home and
like their parents don't help them with
their homework or that's what I'm like
like a little latchkey kid like no son
you're not gonna brag to me
bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
hello and hello hello I am so pooper
Steen today call me George
pooper stain hi to Josh pooper saying
I'm having a tyres day oh my god it's
turns eight that worked out really well
I'm trying today not to get dressed you
know those days we just you wake up and
you think I'm not getting dressed today
I refuse to conform to society's rules
I'm wearing clothing thank you Oh carry
on cat behind carry on Tim Tom Tom fact
I do not know where I am
I was meeting somewhere up here this
morning and then I was cool and then we
went here and then they've gone now and
I'm like act question tell me what you
think about me oh my god I'm breaking it
so I don't know what's going on with the
pregnancy this is like spot here spot
here spot here there were spots up here
as well oh right crazy any racing I'm
hitting it for my 13th driving lesson
did you wake up you had a good nap today
hmm
you did let's open your curtains I'm
just heading me up for my driving lesson
so daddy's gonna make lunch um and
you're gonna have some yummy lunch from
babies hey this is what a serious
problem am I not getting dressed today
use this in-store ATM oh no I look like
a hobo
today I'll probably need an
because the way it works they wait for
you to come out a way for you to look
your words and then they all like meet
up with you
you want to try something this is the
tastiest ham known to mankind
stick it in Trust trust me trust me
trust me eat it eat it
thank you friends hmm
I love you little bracelet there you win
today oh whoa alright that's that
India's munching much game monster I
don't even know about that grass okay
look how long it's gone should I be
at last yesterday when I do it was okay
just keep checking this on your paradise
right yeah okay
I would the straight nature we are now
used to be okay so with your signs
straight there should be perfect week
and then Nicky saw me and I think she
got excited that I was driving and she
weaved in the make freaked it's like oh
my god is beating at me
you ready for snack time friend I've got
some mushrooms some green peppers some
egg some ham we just need to get a
little bit of milk for you there is
nothing I will tauba time and then let's
add in the mushrooms add in the green
peppers and let's get you a nice little
handful of tasty prime ham in here as
well and it's mixed it all together and
just drink it down
you know what else needs potato needs a
potato way tastes up the potato and to
make all these small little parts here
and there for my one I'm gonna have some
chilies but for Amelia is one probably
best Knicks made on a chilly May okay so
I'm doing a three-point I know yeah
grand turnabout it's cuz they're round
of it so junior round of it why did you
get me here
more I would say
laughs suppose to watch it okay right
left and they look behind me and give it
a few turns just for a little bit of
leverage before you go this way not too
much stuff you want to do someone you're
moving as well okay that's fine
excellent oh you are going not bad just
carefully oh geez she's got mentals
there's not that much clearance between
your head in the ground oh where are we
off to now are you trying to get what
are you trying to get huh
this one's not working out is it mm-hmm
all right we are ready to flip this
friend
bring me your script there we go glad to
have him friends oh nice
nicely done I'm just kind of I'm not
really guy cooking this side over for
how much and just like sealing in all
the em all the poisonous goodness
gracious this think I'll make it
so what do you think you like it there's
quite a lot of it there but do what you
can do I'm sure your friends will have
any of the leftovers
look what jokey made me I was getting
really feeling really left out because
he kept making these amazing meals for
everybody and like I was never invited
invited
yeah who's never there it's not your
phone or mine so I got my learner's
logbook right and now I can read and now
I can read what's T pretty things about
me but yeah I know I need to practice
more although there was this one time
when I asked Jonathan if he were going
and practice with me I don't know I just
don't have the support this in my home
that's the problem Jonathan you know
those kids that come home and like their
parents don't help them with their
homework or that's what I'm like like a
little latchkey kid like no son you're
not gonna practice of me I don't care
enough about you
I'm too busy with my playstation is no
okay I have your lovely baked me okay
last week you know why I gave myself the
son instead of a daughter yeah I just
think daughter would be like creepy he
hold up it's like why would I be your
daughter that's a little weird
so you're my son
that means I'm carrying his son little
friend I'm trying to drive
I'm trying to drive down the road this
game Grand Theft Auto it's just epic I
think I've done about one mission I
think I've got about what or two
missions I'm like I don't get these
about you know it's like don't buy these
games to play like the linear storyline
I might is just to enjoy the freedom and
just roam around like I love that I
probably gonna finish this game in about
a year cuz I I want it to last as long
as possible as loud but it's just so
much fun to just buzz the bad isn't it
friend you want to press these buttons
don't you ain't your goal in life is to
press those buttons I'm also enjoying
coffee mm-hmm fiendishly well I see you
got some ice cream see what serve ice
cream here this is Aldi's ice cream
probably know you have this ice people
not me no you have ice cream oh well
careful there now you drop the HQ can i
but thank you very much I put it here
there is himself there's himself no so I
have to go do I have to have to post a
letter Zoey this up
I had to post a letter so I decided I
would actually just cycle down to the
post office to drop it off there a
minute ago and when I minute ago um okay
okay friend Brett Oh friend I'm attached
to this so yeah after you am hungry what
you mean you can't detect the history
odor as I had to blow down to the post
office I decided to take the bike track
marks all over the place here look at
the levels of mud in here there is so
much fun it's so awesome
we're all buzzing are all buzzing I know
we're all talking about it but another
like oh my goodness
can't believe how far we got
with so much it was so epic Fred wasn't
it so oh oh oh thanks for calling me and
Amelia are on an adventure for the
father/daughter father for the doctor
father father daughter at ease a
adventure something was that like going
on an adventure the adventure it's all
right
make big say in adventure and an
adventure all of its own so it's like a
double adventure boom huh
you ready friends all right
- well aside for a minute
we're going in adventure we're gonna go
get a trolley dose you don't have to
bring you on stroller oh gosh I'm tyke
oh god bless you know know that you have
a snooze a Jacuzzi turn to drive
we understood Jacuzzi why would you
looking at huh it this has gotta be in
the frying pans again they get quality
stuff okay now look it definitely is a
couple of frying pans give my friend a
couple of pots maybe you should get
those tokens seriously selection boxes
friend you don't know about selection
boxes yeah but they're a good thing do
you want to read stuff do you wanna read
something yeah
which again again
oh well that's the obvious place to have
a French baguette okay is that funny
should I go mental oh there you go
I'm on milk say no we don't need that
friend oh look at this one
moo moo cow goes Moo
she tried I went up he's coming along
here nemedia suck on it couldn't figure
out was it on one what the tato man oh
my goodness what did you spot huh
total shape potato snacks though he's
bought it
so just find it look at her face one you
can have it's so cute ohh
so we have ourselves a bit of an old
celebration lads I think it's only right
it's fascinating
I was a job well done friends ok put up
put up jacket closed
they still have an adventure departing
retrieving device that I've been talking
about for years so we need to return the
child traffic issue here all right I
mean now I need to bring you back okay
end of the line for you let's go what do
you think huh oh I thought they were
gonna look like Peppa Oh their portal
shaped snacks it is they should be Peppa
shaped or something well he mushing them
all in one go
especially meets the bottle mister
bought me the bottle ah Allah oh yeah
and if you're wondering I have to get
dressed
well I went shorty shorts shorter shots
is the kind of moment to blue with it
doesn't make much going on so I kinda
I'm technically half dressed just a
little I didn't actually almost exceed
cheap my goal my friends picking up a
spy for me tomorrow
you alright there friend
have you got something to say for
yourself have you got something to say
for yourself huh cheese fizz fizz there
you go friend
there you go friend you're getting some
- you're getting some - we got meatballs
we got potatoes we got tomatoes we got a
sausage we got onions we got gardener we
got so much
I don't follow recipes too good but when
I have to just makes them up and throw
it in a pot I make good food I also make
extremely messy food instruments of the
messy food there is a half-naked baby if
you see a half-naked baby could you just
let me know where are you going friend
where are you going
are you going huh come here chief if I
can Arabella
alright broth just laying some
foundation here mate not really sure
white builders or a Turkish Bob but the
Builder oh no he's a bit scary alright
ready
we reach the end of another fighting and
trailing episode you still have no time
to hit that like button just saying just
say be sitting there it's like oh my
goodness you mean comment if you know
what movie that is from go to the window
it is like an old movie no one's gonna
get no one's gonna I don't even think
you google that you will get the name of
that movie I am very excited to see you
somebody I think I might I think I might
have beat you I think I do you know what
it is no you do not
you don't know what that is okay so Anna
saucony is wrong what we're gonna give
it to her because she you brought me to
the attention of a second movie that's
wrong yeah that's it that's it that's it
you know why joke joke rules so you can
say either movie a or movie B we accept
either them a is I know if you say it's
for added if you say fees for yogi it's
for oh my goodness Mike regardless ah
don't bite me to the partner lads right
where is this munchkin where is she
oh my god you did it Ben hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
