good morning again my little friendliest
what are you guys doing in the fridge
huh then I begin to preach the other day
what are you doing back in the fridge
sorry Superboy a little rock everyone's
asleep my little munchkins rapping like
so misty exactly like what was like to
make kids like we're just coming up with
all these alliterations for all nine
days yeah I was like mommy Mondays I was
like that's a good juicy one you know
we're trying to brainstorm for the
Starlight whatever and then I just
something it was like I make merry new
because you couldn't wake up Amenia you
do my good medias but then everything
again keep like kickers up my dad and
then I got even funnier and then me and
then it turned into like a Chinese menu
yeah I know making funny cakes like she
kicks the wall later like or when you're
always gonna give in to it
oh you so cute you're a bit tired you
know sorry
ballerina PJs big girl huh
because adorableness right here except a
pig slipper done so cute right program
to get some breakfast lunch my brother's
over here with Alan and then Aiden he's
already there about a hora I actually
win then you guys know cork you probably
thinking like what were you in casual
when you're actually going towards
Mitchell Sarah exits I went then the
cash cash will do the best food look the
mountain we're going up look the entire
top that is covered in cloud okay I hope
you're holding a tight back there
boyfriend okay vibrate my friend is that
you don't take anything I know we're
gonna miss it were not gonna see it I'm
not gonna see it
okay I think we're River roads
Oh
all right we are here
everyone's upstairs getting their bikes
is David cuz they're all coming from
done run severe I'll just rent some
bikes today because I'm a I'm a local
okay we're all going cube today okay do
we usually get the inner ones and hard
areas to be MP shot over here yeah
alright skilled lookin okay it's similar
oh the analog yeah did you get the
Kiva's oh the cute guy okay group of
cubes
okay thank you
literally was just like on my laptop
trying to get stuff done
I look over he's opening the cupboard
she's just like feeding them all dot and
the dogs are just like so quiet cuz they
know that this they're on to a good
thing here I don't think they're getting
any more treats for the whole entire
year I think that was enough why is
there a need and okay
sorry this needs to be washed I mean
yeah no oh my goodness it's so muggy and
hot today like so much out of breath and
usual no he's waiting for Alan I'll put
her Natan I got hit it's like a million
times harder
we're in so hot you throw me like
lastima here it's kind of cooler even
though it's rainy and stuff it's like
it's harder to catch your breath cuz
it's so muggy huh
hey it's so high hi don't mind me yeah
yeah impromptu break if you got water or
not where's the whole backpack full of
it this is a linear one say I am Allen's
sister watches what up Allen's sister
oh my gosh
we're actually like this is our second
time around that's what we're waiting
here laughing oh yeah so it's half past
12:00
amelia usually goes down well before I
used to go to end from 12 till 2 and
she's
it's like yeah it's like 25 past top
bust and she I don't know if you can
hear her I can tell she's tired like she
was rubbing her eyes you're ready for
her enough and then just lately like
I've been saying she just has been
resisting like the minute I put her down
in her crib she just starts crying and
she won't go to sleep and it's the same
at nighttime so I've had to go up not
right now but I like for the bedtime one
I usually have to go up and pick her up
and rock her back to sleep and it's just
like a nightmare oh my god because she
was so good for so long and now it's
just in the last like three days she's
just being not like him going to her own
bed there's not even anything stored her
own bed she just doesn't like to go to
bed it's hard I don't know what to do
we're at Windy corner this is we call
this a look at that view foggy coming
here
we don't even know look don't even know
what's up there oh he looks like we're
gonna go into a cloud we want to see
Claire do okay so maybe you know she's
tired and I know she's worn out like
when is she gonna settle and I don't
want to go into her because I don't
usually do that during the day for her
naps cuz I feel like she she has to get
used to like putting herself to sleep
but at the same time it's hard because
obviously all I want to do is just like
go in there and you know pick her up but
I'm not gonna get anything done she's
gonna be in a horrible mood for the rest
of the day if that is the case yesterday
this happened she slept for like half an
hour and then she was falling asleep at
the table so I don't want that to happen
I'm here just sleep oh my god a second
ear too tough it's a tough one okay dad
yeah it's incredible oh my goodness
all right Potter on oh oh you guys can't
see this it's like you never been up
this far
it's like it's treacherous boy it's
amazing
I'm trying video up anyway oh okay I
don't know this is gonna oh my goodness
this is epic
you never beat up too tight and we're
still going up higher
hi stinky bum hi stinky stink christen I
can smell my stinky bum I could run this
team people thank you thank you
omg omg
oh no it's not nose snot nose thank you
bum immediate hey you going bond with
Wendy Wendy what are you saying hi are
we gonna go - what are you doing I just
have to stop and show you guys this
okay this again it's amazing isn't it
the deal
I think ran of like look there's that
cross that you always see on the m8 eyes
kind of raining of it I don't think it's
pretty we're in the cloud that's what it
feels like I think we're in the middle
of a cloud unless you can't see anything
around oh my god this is the height
you've ever read open this mountain this
is epic it's so body destroying right
painful what it's epic look at this
cutie pie she's got her Peppa Pig
raincoat and her Ralph Lauren shoe shoes
let's see Oh super stylish emedia Wow
gonna go to all my chest now okay so
sorting everything out where we go
and no monitor thing has gone into a low
mode which means it kind of turns itself
off the phone is pretty much turned off
but it's still tracking everything
you're doing it's actually getting like
dark and rich anymore but anyway we got
a blow-up they're open they're a big
push and then run to brown town and then
Brown town I think he's about 15
kilometers to the car oh my goodness
this is a challenge today you feel
challenged feel challenged this is a
challenge thanks anyway so
Amina's having her lunch she looks so
cute so she got my mom got her this new
babe a ladybird big and then there's a
matching plate as well and I don't think
did I I don't think I showed you earlier
she has a strawberry on her bum and then
she has a strawberry bow in her hair I
thought that was quite clever that was
not her and I'm having my lunch as well
we're both having bagels and then om I
made monkey bread I think I said that
yesterday I really wanted to go
yesterday but I had to go and something
else and hand cake so we're spoiled for
choice with Kate today my business veil
just incredible all right here it's the
wind jammer okay so on the green one
underway home having real Fanny ice off
at 8:00 in a minute ago he's just
piddled on no sign of anyone else oh boy
damn I feel like it's tradition to vlog
here because this is this is like the
vlog spot because it's just so cool of
him coming over that mountain areas like
you're blown then they're like oh
there's oh jeez hot cheese well this is
M next shots gonna be in a car park so
take it in take in art and wonder if i
zoom in can you guys actually see cuz
it's not like I already cleared I can
sorta see it
there's the hills of Ireland and the
hills of our mmm
I got clarity this today oh my goodness
how do y'all situation all right
I best be on my way oh oh the wind thing
just fell off the bike are the car all
right the cow my god when he doing when
he doing a media has discovered a whole
new world she's being annoyed uh chapter
one says she's won over the past um oh
yeah
yeah she is upset look okay close it
again good girl good girl
it looks trying to close and a wolf
she's getting annoyed cause it was close
don't get your boots yeah oh my goodness
look at me covered in mud hey right look
here's the here's the business that we
did today look we did 3035 we'll call 35
kilometers in three hours 35 minutes I
think you know you're home turn off
we did another cutie pie
who's a cutie pie huh mmm no you are
lying to me Lea time to go home that
needs to get me shower thank you - never
bake a cake
oh great do we get one okay dirty
daddy's bike is oh my goodness that's a
you know you had an awesome day in the
marriage arranged
Everywhere's all over me and everything
in your paw missed you all day long now
you have to go to bed we'll spend any
time together today she does hi guys
no only someone's excited to see me hi
you can always count on the dogs to be
excited to see you i'll be i'll be i'll
be that way they're just the ladies hey
strawberry boom hey strawberry bum hey
strawberry bum
oh hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
