let's go one foot in front of the other
we need what can I do go walk in the
grass oh boy will you point Ned care oh
oh oh jeez
good morning good early morning to you
too so I didn't get the bike in
yesterday because and I wanted for way
longer we kind of expected so I'm gonna
try to drop it in this morning so I
tidied and organized all of the mini as
toys last night though you wouldn't know
it to look at the boxes because I tried
to do like so soft toys plastic and
wouldn't what you know like car toys and
then her books there's a pair of arm
buttons in there too but it's mostly
books and the soft toys are like totally
overflowing but it's so cool because she
found all of these toys like four keys
for example that she hadn't liked I
think sometimes winning these she has so
many toys she forgets like it's terrible
but it's like she does too many and she
forgets I bet you know ones that she
already has I know that happens with
like every single family and like I
remember it used to happen with awesome
my mom would get so annoyed keep like
you never plated the toys that you
actually have you know but it's just
that's what happens so I thought it was
so cool that she actually like started
playing with these toys that she didn't
even realize she had
see like you're traveling off school or
something
take good care of her it's all empty
my bikes empty an empty rack
I've got empty rack syndrome auntie back
syndrome yeah remember that not the
actual show Tala for Nia but biking like
crazy I used to work down at Coco's on
the BAL card road Singles 97 remember
lies and I said I was 18 but I wasn't
sorry Coca's you're watching I was a lot
of age anyway this job was like kicking
at the time for everything I got a
little blue so we're using this thing
can't we thought it's actually pretty
cool I know that's have you get the snot
so we laugh it's not earn their money on
the bob-tailed tags somebody took it
away again
it's a tiring game oh my goodness I was
like daydreaming away listening to some
song by somebody and I went get entirely
the wrong way oh my god never happened
you ever like default you know you're so
used to going somewhere I'm so used to
drive them to the center up here like
when I go up this area and I'm so used
to it and I just I was just driving
along and started like this design if
you got a call
and as I all right that way what are you
doing here oh I finally got ready I
didn't wake up an hour earlier this
morning I was wrecked after yesterday I
know that sounds so ridiculous but I was
like so tired it was like okay I can't
get off this morning so we all kind of
slept in this morning I think we're all
pretty tired actually
we also Jonathan and I stayed up
watching Breaking Bad and the Dexter
finale I was just a point it was Dexter
I was like such a big fan of Dexter and
then the last season was kind of boring
I felt like and then the end was just
kind of a letdown but I know everybody
always complains about the finales of
stuff they're always like you know
annoyed about it online you see like so
many people you know complaining and
it's just like you can never keep
everybody happy but I was disappointed
though but anyways so one of the things
yesterday that the what do you call her
beauty therapist masseuse um told me was
that I clearly take care of my that was
actually nice because she said I
obviously do take care of my body cuz I
do moisturize every single day after the
shower and she was like you you can tell
that you look after it and you do
moisturize whatever but she was like do
you usually stop at your ankles and I
didn't really understand what she meant
I was like I thought first I thought she
said start and I was like no I usually
start on my arms just like no no do you
usually like moisturize down as far as
here you know and then stop like right
there and I thought about it and I was
like oh yeah I think I do actually and
she was like yeah your heels are pretty
dry the rest of you is fine like perfect
but your heels are dry you can tell that
you stopped that's so weird that you
could actually tell like another person
could tell that this is one of the
things that Vaseline actually sent me
but I I used it last night just the
intensive rescue moisture locking body
lotion and the thing I like about it is
that it's unfree grens because for some
reason like with the pregnancy
I get like heightened senses like my
like if I smell something
that's really strong it like irritates
me and I never used to be like that like
I quite like sense but I had to get
Jonathan to change his deodorant because
I hate it the last one like all of a
sudden that just came on so um yeah I
used that last night on my feet and I
was like I'm going to moisturize my heel
cuz I do not want dry heels so I got my
hair cut here but a past hairdresser in
Cork good as what you can see here so
this is the best hairdressing just
telling me that most people around here
don't even notice exists so this is in
Mount Toba what why should people come
here hey why is this the best
hairdressers card pitch it because they
get the best haircut in the whole of
court
you can just come in on can I get the
joke joke special that's what this is
here it's totally made huh
we should totally come on in it's it's
in the middle of Marin tovahleh state
it's the best barbers in court don't
listen to anyone else to tell you
otherwise
good morning again my little friendlies
what do you think of my little family as
friend this is that you know Melia has
been at the computer all right data safe
local backup has stopped working the
start thing is up here June ormally it
should be down here there's some sort of
water thing going on here that all
doesn't look kosher does it doesn't look
above board Liz it journey had like a
half an hour I think when you slept that
night except for like half an hour thug
like that huh that that happens if you
show you about it did you ever see
someone you ever like in a disco where
you're walking down the road and you see
someone with a crop top and they have a
belly showing just were up to them go Oh
seriously they love it they love it
trust me freshly cut I cut them this
morning on my way on my way to drop the
bike in I swung past the rivarly true
inner rod kind of quick salmon filler
the fileted it chopped it up and made it
into a beautiful salmon steaks huh
you're very hatchling so
you can't have it oh yeah
oh yeah we're money to go you're
screaming the house down get so excited
like a trail ride good job friends you
come back oh you got your bass in a bum
right ease righty-roo look at these two
beautiful Simone's becker and factor it
by the way I seen you in the comedy
backpacker Becker is like an Irish word
like Germans in a pie chart galactic at
they had like frack because they wanted
a way to say you know what on foot under
the watershed well in Ireland like
factor is like it's a term of endearment
it's not like a a meaning thing you know
it's like oh yeah Becker generally
that's like I go out yeah Becker
I mean Irish people like that we insult
each other but we insult each other in a
nice way whatever what do you mean to
each other we just say a horrible thing
about someone is actually a best thing
about somebody so it came with a a chili
lime and ginger sort of a sauce stuff so
I kind of mix that in there it looks
kinda like yeah a burger except it's
just a mountain of salmon and Lion
coriander and ginger saucy stuff hello
my name is burger meat of Seymour
how does this even happen how did you
get yourself in there huh come on come
on I'll help you I'll help you no no no
no if I came back in back in in in in in
no no no no you're panicking you're
panicking oh okay just seem to have
known head - yeah obviously that's
happened before has it are you chasing
the ball what is going on here huh
what's going on here are you just you
just like making a big mess and then
throwing it on the floor and then of
course they have one thing said we're
getting cheats look at everyone's like
oh my goodness what it is oh my goodness
come on get away from here let's go up
let's go come on you're dizzy rascal oh
you are right I have to go collect my
bicycle to ride my bicycle I want to
ride my mine I want to run oh boy
if it's ready my friend
I bike friend all right let's close it
up my friend mm-hmm that's good like a
privacy thing it makes all the windows
in the car tinted it seemed like a home
dog I mean yeah
Amelia that's a nice picture you have
there
oh my goodness while I was that Amelia
took on his camera and lost it it's lost
where did you put the camera where'd you
put the camera friend I think I might be
in here this building blocks and we're
going to mini for this picture really
gonna mean a fun adventure like it it's
right outside but it's not actually
raining and I think Amelia would enjoy a
little walk we go for a little walk
friend
let's ever look at your friend yeah we
made a bit of a a bit of a mess probably
gonna get in trouble for this but none
of the socks we feel it's luck Amelia
Amelia Amelia hi
so I rang a lovely pair of white pumps
part with a lovely pink pair of Peppa
socks we've got this lovely trouser leg
on and for an overcomer wearing this
lovely Peppa Pig top yeah OTB friend
come on let's go with the practice and
the funny shoes what do we think do you
think oh I know they're funny I did
they're funny I think he's walking on
cheese's probably I feel it's really
different
we're totally used to but it feels kind
of different come on we need to avoid
mommy because she'll tell me everything
you're wearing is wrong hey want to go
walkies for the first time that's I I've
got your hand okay let's go let's go
one foot in front of the other
we need like a night
huh this is fun this is fun
you walk in sideways come on come on
cutest thing ever
whoa whoa whoa whoa don't lose your
balance don't lose your balance it's the
shoes look she's walking undecided the
shoe come on we're bright oh oh my
goodness you're outside the house yeah
all right are you ready
you ready that's your first lamppost -
first time touching a lamppost huh
and later on in years you'll be hanging
by lamppost you may even climb up a
lamppost
you might even graffiti on it won't it
your first wall huh
all right let's go pick that's going for
a walk together oh it's the shoes it's
the shoes that are tricky Oh is your
hand all squished in huh me see let me
see if I can get it for you there throws
your hand friends Oh than a mosquito oh
it's gone whoo girl walk in the grass Oh
what we point net over to this stuff
here to be careful though okay oh oh oh
oh oh jeez oh jeez hot cheese
that's hot cheese friends look at your
shoes is these hi there hi there hi
there abandoned child betel-leaf huh
give me AK come here hands
no don't smack my hand okay I'll put up
up up up you can do it you can do it
really anywhere is it Billy anywhere ice
Amelia I wanted to walk into tire miele
ash but
it's where as long as he get in the car
you know and you're just kind of like oh
I think I'll go for a nice calm and
quiet drive to the countryside enjoy I
need you you and then you're just
like
and then decide sometime and we all slow
right down
oh my goodness look at her the mess she
made so earlier today she was putting
her hands into the dog food and
literally going like putting it in and
then curling the new year
repeatedly what beater play and then
what happened and then she spilled their
water everywhere it overturned onto the
floor during the but cuz it's a little
bit too hot for the baby here the baby
by the way hey you dropped your thing in
here there you go
normally it's always perfect but I must
have moved it or something so the
temperature has changed Oh
night-night time what are you gonna read
Oh Oh baby Alexander oh my goodness so
last night guys
I left you in the fridge I heard some
people on Twitter told me they're a
little bit chilly so tonight I thought I
would took you into me Leah's bed all
day you all now okay night-night guys
you sleep tight with all the little
animals okay now come get you in the
morning okay night-night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
