tonight
so I am up really early actually it's
not that early anymore but I got up
really early too because I'm going to
this spa today with my mom I was
actually pushing with my friend and then
she couldn't make it so I'm really sad
about that but then just with kids and
everything that's kind of one that's
what happened we never like platon we
eat that far ahead so um I'm going with
my mom my mom has I've never been to a
spa before not like on a official kind
of level I mean obviously I've been in
spas before but not had any treatments
don't I don't think except for maybe
beauty school that was it oh my goodness
it is so misty seriously I am mystified
you see you out there I hope you guys
can see it or you get a sense of the
kind of mist that's in the air but it's
mystifying so Anna is going off to a spa
having a small day lovely some chai
lattes and spa far faithful and slinky
bobbins like that where I'm not of
course and Amelia is staying with me who
got my grandson Wally right no hopefully
she just stays nothing all day I mean I
usually wakes up around 9:00 so Mike
twiddling my thumbs board well not
really I have lots of stuff that I could
be doing but um I don't know what to
wear like what do you wear to us don't
know like in terms of I mean there's a
there's lunch afterwards I don't want to
wear complete like sloppy clothes like
sweatpants and stuff that's what I was
going to go with but obviously I know
they give you a dressing yeah when
you're there but I don't really know
what the spa attire is for like actually
going through the spot now it is nap
time in 11 minutes in 11 minutes it's
nap time
how do you feel about that my name is al
ba-brain speed I'm a bit of a Brady act
I knew I know everything careful that's
my I please have to poke my eye I would
be honestly preference if
didn't poke my eye those pebbles I'm
very good in the tickle monster
I am say tickle monster talk become a
some bass on some tickle monster
signal monster monster we're at the spa
I've never been well I thought it was
Bob before but I've never been to this
part this coach I've been to this hotel
before this is where I had my birthday
dinner
last year look at this one book here huh
that looks like the good read curtains
have been closed lights had been
activated she knows she knows the gigs
up lads
okay we gotta go this is gonna get messy
we got I will flip flop and this is the
change very much meet them is like there
are he lifts which then he would lay
underneath and I got and then we're
going into a relaxation room
hi there my friend
BOE oh oh I heard you thrown your pocket
yes dolly had a poly what's that who's
that who's this bear Oh Millie are
friends friends friends you bet against
me but I just got my feet done and now
I'm just getting undressed and ready
from inside you have to get rid of
puppets to play with and then present
light bulbs with him
Oh media Amelia
so we're in the relaxation room this is
the room I really wanted to show you
guys cuz so cool look at the waterfall
thingy it's really like comfortable in
here anyway so we're deciding what we
were gonna have for lunch my I got the
prenatal massage and it was really nice
actually she did say that my shoulders
were kind of tight but they don't the
same thing or my mom's girls are the
same thing to her and she said it might
be from the breastfeeding and she'd like
be careful when I breastfeed him and I'm
not sitting forward you know that I'm
always sitting back so yeah but um aside
from not everything was perfect
I felt really nice and then we're
getting pedicures after lunch so I'm
trying to decide it's a two course lunch
so you get a mean and well you're gonna
start her in a mean or a mean and absurd
so obviously I wish you made me a
dessert check this plan hold on a second
hold on a second friends so you've
sliced up a lot of fresh fruit apples
and bananas then we're gonna get this
which has apples and bananas oh my
goodness the piece has gone in patience
you must hurry give me the yogurt I'm
gonna put it over and over it quickly
ordinarily boring fruit salad and we've
just made it mega cool we also put a bib
on because this is gonna get messy this
is gonna get messy friends what are you
writing we just get this little it's not
these here
oh goodness and turn it to be a giant's
Nazis hold on this is our setup for
luggage it's actually pretty like our
room in like are our rooms cuz they're
in separate rooms for the massage and
all that keep things more tart I don't
know if you could even Stevie I tried to
do a little bit of vlogging know it's
like I don't even know if done it's
gonna use that part but anyway this is
nice it's like very bright and airy and
there's like a little garden inside so
if you're wondering my point we're in
the Mary Beth oh yeah there we go that's
the thing that I wanted to try but
because I'm pregnant I couldn't do the
thermal heart I don't know but in the
changing rooms like I showed you they
have that full and heated that's what
those things are even heated lounger
things I want to try that next time
we've changed it up a little bit same
sort of similar ingredients to chicken
the peppers the egg and the potato we
see what I do this time I just
everything up a lot more and we're gonna
make one egg because well I only have
one egg we only have this particular
juncture yep we have a one egg situation
folks so we're gonna use the one egg
we're gonna dice everything up this time
so yesterday I made everything I can
serve like bigger portions a lot bigger
portion bigger parts time we're gonna
chip it chop it all up hopefully it
worked that well huh
you enjoy you enjoying this is this a
tasty time yeah okay thanks that's all I
wanted to know also this time the egg
for hands and I added some almond milk
because I don't really like dairy milk
so I want to put something in it so I
think the almond milk will kind of beef
it up a little bit
again totally making this up as I go
along
so please or I could just eat all these
fiendish fancies I've just had it was
really like dinner it was really nice
but it was a lot and now I'm full
never having dessert but I got lemon
tart and my mom got pretty hot that's
chilly by the way chilly and oil a
dinner Ciccone in next I'm gonna add in
the potato because the potato is gonna
take a while to cook all right that's
nice and brown so I'm just gonna pour in
the good heaven strawberry milkshake
just sort of add your ice cream well you
thank you for a second
Joby's gone too far we're at the final
stage we ready to add the PS too busy
sauce let's see what happens
Oh yummy yummy I think I hope I have
hope it looks good please have hope
right just type hope hope for jofi
hashtag come on come on baby you can do
it you find another little pile of stuff
in here Oh YUM it's like a second
helping isn't it
okay so I have a little bit unstuck
right we're going to try and flip this
thing over now I know hope this is
actually gonna work because to see the
stuff that's gone everywhere what was
gonna swing around to releasing it up
okay here we go I'm kind of nervous
about this oh it works it works we lost
some stuff though teal what's this
whose chicken it was like chicken on the
floor right there
it's pretty hot though I'm happy with
that
kind of worked it worked enough what do
you do it why don't you do it I think
we're definitely gonna have to class
this is a success you're definitely
gonna have to class that as a success
folks like come along okay you see huh
oh my goodness that is amazing I should
I should be one of those TV chefs forget
Jamie Oliver jofi jokes 30-minute meals
take five minute 10 minute meals
who's got 20 minutes to a meal huh just
whoa okay that's pretty high you burnt
my head something television execs
watching hit me up on Twitter I got our
vailable I like totally available for a
pic good job I would call it
oh my god fiendish fancy omelet that's
next
tune in tomorrow so I'm getting my
pedicure done my mom actually didn't
want to shoot off today she was like no
I don't want to do it so I'm on my own
but it's fine cuz I'm with Amanda and
she's really nice you keeping me company
so I'm doing this what do you say also
it's the parks and lakes park from
Northwest okay I've never done anything
like this before thought I'll just let
you take your toe into the top and just
press your foot into the ground
you'll feel - max Larry names it's
actually really nice it feels very nice
on your skin it's not like too hot
it's really comfortable as yeah it kind
of seeds the skin it just kind of
nourishes the skin as well and hydrates
us I honestly I was just telling Amanda
I can't remember the last time I got a
pedicure like I just did so embarrassing
so this is really really nice and it's
really relaxing and this is the color I
went for what did you say I'm not like a
white going I thought it would be nice
for um like autumn and winter it's kind
of a nice color I always go for like
boring just red maybe is doing that
thing again where she's like skipping
Joe I'll get her stuff just to play her
song
you see that she liked you questa too
many times in a went past it but did she
knew to just keep going back around and
shoot come and play with me I think this
is so cool we're finished now pedicure
okay
I hate whatever I do these girls and I
don't think my feet are very pretty
so cool I lost the little lights up
there but yeah my pedicure dry
back to reality it's bed time wasn't GTA
because as soon as I'm looking Tom I
need to drop that in I'm getting it's
them attorney dating service I had done
just so I'm shocks and stuff we balance
then everything ready for at Wednesday
and now I'm gonna have a Mindy Coffey
says cozy up there twenty one nice I
think I should be home time is it so she
left right she left a half 11 it's now
half four that's one of us body look
what's going on in here what's going on
in here if you're Amelia in there sounds
like there might be someone who's in
here who's in here both in there what's
in there oh they're they're a stressful
day oh my goodness I can imagine it's
really funny though cuz after using this
spot like both my mom whenever like
exhaust yeah and the people there
they're like I know it's so weird you
wouldn't think that you'd be tired i but
you'll see pretty well to make well
you're you needed that like push you got
like five hour break from media you need
that sometimes I will be I'll be
returning the favour' on Wednesday it is
so much darker and like so fast and it's
just like like the minute ago it was
like the end of the summer now it's like
jump right in it's like welcome to the
winter enjoy it don't forget to bring a
coat all right let's make some chicken
again for the second home today and I
so was that the jail we're just mad in
Sandra laughs I was buying my Stoops
melius cleaner thing mom seen all the
laundry and that's making the dinner and
the dogs are just roaming around
oh look this is our safety device tops
little little people going in and moving
around sweet and sour
leave me comment if you want to get in
I'm a provider um blah blah blah really
she's a guzzler
is she a provider Oh yawning yawning I
saw a yawn that means automatic bedtime
if a baby yawns and around that time
automatic bad time automatic bedtime
automatic bad time she's getting excited
about it
automatic bedtime all right guys
automatic bedtime where'd I put it
I put you what do you understand anyone
spend night in the fridge we won't spend
a night beside the yoga chair you go
right at you and you'll go type
yourselves a good ol time I'll see you
in the morning
why hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
