quick Emilia tidy up dad's home that's
home come on me to clean up this mess
they're like the 15th time she's done
this today I seriously go around the
house cleaning up after her and the
minute I turn just as I clean something
or put something away I turn around and
she's like unstacking it's another shelf
ah what are you doing my good doll of a
mischievous face huh so I got rid of all
the balloons bar and Peppa Pig laughs
cuz I didn't have a heart to burst oh it
was like I attacked all of the rest of
them with a scissors you know a pair of
scissors and then I saw the like I
couldn't like Peppa's just looking at me
and I'm like stopping her with the
scissors so we're gonna cleaned up who
just had her breakfast this is the
aftermath of breakfast
I'm coming today
you haven't seen her in a while she
hasn't seen her since her wedding I
think so that's exciting
once again I woke up an hour earlier
this morning and it's working out really
well this is I'm actually getting a lot
more done which is good I was just
feeling a bit like well you gave the Tim
her whoever you know I was just feeling
like I wasn't getting anything done and
time was just escaping me so I'm getting
to you right now yeah yeah they went
really really well I got like a lot more
soft um and I just felt more like
productive or some things though I'm
gonna keep that up because I think it's
good huh is that better
okay you're crazy
Jay she walked yeah I said for the first
time or two years ago yeah huh they
didn't want to come until you could walk
yeah yeah big is cork city gone good
auntie yeah Oh
put into you not any of that hang on for
dear life make it exciting yeah Oh make
it worth it wait cheater yeah you tease
of it
and she loved us i I watched that story
selfie Oh control my life the best draw
my life unusual and then oh you just
left me in the head oh no presents
nobody just wants the part she just got
her card big wrapping paper and inside
it is a jacket nice jacket a ring jacket
friend but it never rains in our luvs
cards yeah
what's this my sis
now first things first check for money
yeah that's what you do and if there's
nothing in it just rode away what's that
no she's walking alone where you think
she's holding I love it when she gets
that for me obviously
oh yeah you know yeah super advanced
human I know
Oh comedians bring all her toys over oh
you got a teapot this time we just began
piling up water toys there
no it's a button just put that there all
right no it's a deal here
CJ she's like I'm for you they want to
be taken off yeah I've no time for a nap
we all worked well Cantonese the bottles
good no oh oh we feel we're taking a
break now just go to back survey what we
have I can't today yeah oh you're taking
it back you've lost weight that's it
you've lost it so we're gonna use
whatever we can find
okay so we're gonna use a little bit
olive oil up a little bit olive oil in
there we're gonna heat that up to on
some chicken and then now we're going to
get some pepper tubes and pepper and I'm
like trying to slice some potatoes throw
them in Apple's probably not pleased to
all of them
bit of salt bit of pepper
see what else you find along the way mmm
maybe I'll crack an egg now if you
follow my recipe and you make something
that tastes horrible I cannot be held
responsible
however if you follow this recipe and
you make something that we both agree is
amazing I think I deserve in the past
all right so let's chop up this potato
and throw it in here and chicken the
chili the oil the soy sauce the salt in
the pepper and also just frying up there
together we're gonna add in the potato
crack an egg honey
now I don't know I don't know why I feel
like I should have an egg when I'm going
to add an egg bonus if you have a lovely
egg I happen to have a lovely egg I've
one lovely egg left
well it's mirror box above the eggs but
this one here this is going to be the
lovely egg okay I guess this is what
we've made is this we've ended up with
no I appear to have just become very
popular all of a sudden all right here
we go he's actually way better than I
thought
nice one nice one jofi oh my god that
was amazing that was amazing they're
getting the leftovers and also
appreciating it one of yous may get a
bit of a chilly though hmm
that was pretty advocate considering now
it wasn't like a ton of leftovers it was
like a leftover meal remember what I did
good you made a video about it
eat your cucumbers convert beating your
cucumbers misty look cheated took the
cucumbers out of her sandwich shade this
language should have some cucumbers
behind what she does boats it's all for
me oh there's more sandwich here
yesterday you got an omelet look she
still finished takes off the top she
takes out whatever she likes the cherry
tomatoes mm-hmm yeah I have that one
they're actually really nice so the
cherry tomatoes for some reason wherever
we got them thinking they're always
Tesco but for some reason that back just
like super crunchy and like juicy yelps
can you get any cuter can you get any
cuter than this no that's not mommy pig
that's Bianca pig mommy
whoever Yankee Pig Peppa be a big TV
that's not Peppa Pig that's New York
housewives soon you'll have a friend who
accompanied you on the couch yeah
I hope the Kissin of the Bevis
I love the kissing that hard food it
can't wait you know they're actually
nicer when they have this nuts on them
you know if I love the necklace nuts
whoa fancy dance moves
what's even going on there who else is
guilty of this sort of Bin's
went out on Friday I put the pin out
right
and it's now Sunday and as you can see
the pin is there I did we let him know I
did wheel it in yesterday it was like
sitting out the front on the road for a
couple of days this new ad keep little
doggies cuz they stick their little head
there um I don't know it's just better
if they can't actually stick their head
oh yeah you okay you okay panic a bit in
spill your tea okay let's go friend
there is always the other option of
actually leaving the pin at the front
therefore never actually having to bring
it in or out small problem is that is
that you'd always have to bring the
rubbish to the front that house not so
annoying so the best option is to have
it in the back the best option is to
bring your hands in a note on a timely
fashion
what is your plan what is your plan
Oh what is your plan huh she's gone six
o'clock friends
oh that's entirely smell is airless
Maryland's airless smell your friends oh
we hit okay one time one time yo and
it's my list eros - eros what's up Anna
Spanish pay me
hyemi thanks for coming yeah no it's
cool
it's not a focus she's gonna skip like
did you skip the arrested oh I love you
so cool you come and fight with me her
be as happy as can be
everything has changed in terms of
weather ah it's not pleasant folks and a
pleasant experience out there so this is
me his new obsession she likes to go in
here I thinks it's the best treehouse
ever is it like a little treehouse a
chair house
I've literally went away first second to
go P and she had her hands stuck in the
dog fits I'm gonna see if we're gonna
put it back down because I just need to
eat you would think me don't feed her or
something like we feed her amazing food
human food okay what are they huh what
Nate no 100
what's your head what's your head hmm I
think I smell a stinker
I think I smell this thing to not be I'd
kind of forgotten whatever the pregnancy
was like the craziness there like
emotional journey the roller coaster of
emotions that it's like you know every
day it's like we're crying or laughing
or sad or the Pratt's were happy it's
like it's like it's agitate this line as
the husband you know it's like sometimes
you know like argument to be started but
it's like don't be drawn in don't be
drawn because if you get drawn in they
like escalate so far so fast over
nothing she's just like she's am showing
so much faster this time than she was
last time so she's like you know like so
Levi's comments for Nene's okay it's
completely this pregnancy is so
different than the first pregnancy is
redonkulous and I'm not even pregnant
like can I keep you can the husband
expecting dad's people to save their
pregnant what do you say we are pregnant
the same year private damn I don't know
but anyway what we get for Nene's toffee
oh my goodness wait a second does that
mean
and oh my god a fiendish management you
guys remember last year but I couldn't
find in Finnish fancies and then you
guys said to me like 700 million in the
kill box just for as many fancies ok
back banoffee x' quick emilia tidy up
dad's home
dad's home come on me to clean up this
mess
they're like the 15th time she's done
this today i seriously go around the
house cleaning up after her and the
minute I turn just as I clean something
or put something away I turn her in and
she's like unstacking another shelf hi
hi I was just in the middle of filming
so if you could come back in another
time because you're not actually the
star of the show yeah wait fiendish fan
just fancy somebody tweeted me Wow and
though they saw you stuffing your faces
no somebody tweeted me they're like oh
my god guess what's in Tesco remember
how many people send me feed his fancies
faster because they didn't exist here
they only in the UK yeah it was so
unfair change it a little bit oh my
goodness well that was a tasty feast
are you ready Emilia lives changed
forever
lives changes forever just for the
record Anna is not giving her a fiendish
Randy fancy there will be ours basically
she's gonna eat more Halloween as well
entrapment
you spill a milk everywhere are you
interested
hold on hold on there now no grabby
grabber scenes whoa take your Apple for
you you go friend you like a Venus fancy
wigs yes to the cream part get the cream
part right then in that part huh look at
a nice egg waiting what wait think I'm
what no one told me no one told me
there's cream in this no interpreters
creaminess I hope you enjoyed my videos
and I'll see you guys tomorrow I might
even listen to you
hi guys
alright monsoon once you get monster
we're gonna dress her up for Halloween I
know you've got a man a month to
trick-or-treat nice
she's gonna be walking around
trick-or-treating this year doesn't
matter I'll be holding the hand and I
walk around her because remember last
year all the Bears know everyone on the
road and all the little kids kind of
gang up together the rumor last year and
they all went around together yeah it's
gonna be so epic say night-night burns
you want to get you won games in fingers
fancy you wanna give me fingers fences
oh hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
we'll be ass
