yeah
he's made a little for herself so cute I
don't know ever since we had Amelia
definitely today was the first day I had
a lion it was amazing I just I woke up
and I know of him there and it was quiet
and I looked over my phones like 11
o'clock and I was like it is a matter
what time you go to bed it you're always
going to open up about seven or eight or
so Valley just lets it hey friend
my family is friend here huh
if you move here huh I'll go downstairs
not some munchies when she went geez
would you like anything you want roughly
at the head again how about a crazy
omelet huh
we've got tomatoes chicken cucumber
parmesan to top it off and some eggs
they get her own frying pan how long are
we gonna survive it with two pots excuse
me the frying pan walk and thing and
that's always that's always had four six
so alone just put this up here and you
put this in here that in there let's get
to it
nice so I had the worst night sleep last
night
like I couldn't sleep like nothing would
work I was just like sitting there
blankly looking up and there's just
nothing worse than that when you just
you're just like sitting there like ira
lying there at night nurse looking
around you're like doo doo doo
then this morning I wanted to wake up
early you know that's how I was getting
so frustrated as well I was like I wanna
go we go early and like do all this
stuff and get all this stuff done or
whatever I'm not gonna be like or I'm
not gonna be able to do that if I'm
wrecked too tired but I did it anyway
just because like my alarm went off and
I was like oh I was like I knew I
wouldn't get all the things John I
wanted to get done if I didn't so
I actually wanted a film today as well
but I didn't get that time cuz I knocked
during Amina's naptime but she only
slept for an hour so trophies being
downstairs looking after her it's the
last hour just being really nice I'm
really grateful for that because I don't
just exhaust it I don't know what
happened it's good that's good
nice moves I'm glad you got dad's
imagination mm-hmm
then my belly has grown even more like I
don't know if you guys can't see look
okay there it doesn't look too big but
trust me this morning when I woke up it
was like I was still bloated and huge
and um last night it felt like just this
big rock and I couldn't like sorry I
couldn't get comfortable like I I you
know usually I like to lay on my stomach
I couldn't do that because of the bump
and so it's really and the site that you
should like to lie on I couldn't lie on
those like oh so many Bracco problems so
hopefully tonight will be easier but um
oh I think I just need to break out my
pregnancy pillow again because that
really worked last time yeah yeah we got
the tomatoes done okay I guess let's add
some ciccone in let's mix this in
together and we'll chop this bad boy up
it's gonna be good friend you're gonna
love it I don't even know what's going
on - I don't even know what's going on
here what's going on here
and he's kicking a castle are you here
the king of the castle
oh my goodness you're gonna be two of
them in there and that 100% sure let's
go out here now okay you're possessed I
did tomahto tomahto
I don't know some people call it tomato
but I call it tomorrow I didn't become
murder could be another never become
number but I don't know the name become
murder if there's another name for
adding in the Ciccone and some people
call it chicken but I call it to call me
and sometimes I get or connector Coney
and if this was for me I would probably
add a little sweet chili and a touch of
salt and pepper but because it's for
Amelia it is best if she does not have a
burning running through her chest yeah
that's pretty good
you're gonna head open press his friends
think that means that we need to get
those little press locks because oh well
that's poison
yeah that's also poison and that's also
poison so it's probably best if you just
you know let's put that here yes let's
go
come on and then add a little bit
something just to kind of like complete
it out okay let's get some organic milk
now I don't know many people do this so
this is what I do because I think it
makes it a little bit nicer for Emilio
anyway this is mine I definitely will
not do it because I don't really dig on
the dairy he's the monster is getting
impatient
so if you just want to go ahead and wait
there your food will be delivered
momentarily here have a pepper I think I
hit you on the head
you don't seem to be bothered that's
fantastic looking nice and testy
actually looks kind of fun isn't it
maybe you should like it because of all
the different colors and so try and get
this part right ready
top boom
huh check that egg I don't even know
about that camera because I wasn't even
looking at the camera I was more looking
at the pan 10 why's IKEA at the camera
so it may or may not have I even seen
that what I figured that's the best way
because when you try and use a spatula
to flip it over it like breaks in half
and stuff but it's like a mess
let's go again now the flip ish I'll put
it up here see if I can actually get to
flip this look back look at that huh
does that look good that looks pretty
tasty to me all right let's give her a
suitable plate see the pepper balls Oh
friendliest munchkin what have you found
you see you found a wheel and God knows
what that is bunk
oh sorry see that you me mm-hmm
I gave you just a little bit CrossFit
because I'm trying to go to the tab look
what I did and put it into freezer so I
was just writing my blog and I got
thinking I haven't actually taken him in
against measurements in ages so well the
last time was when she was I think like
was 8 months last time she was ok when
she was born she was it's all like all
over the place when she was born she was
19 inches and then here in Ireland I
think they do it really by centimetres
but I had asked for the inch or I think
I had converted it myself or something I
thought so yeah she was 19 inches first
and then when we did her measurements at
8 months she was 65 centimetres which we
don't know what that isn't it was a pony
check Oh what if this doesn't go high
enough oh it does I'm supposed to put
okay so 65 centimetres is 25 and a half
inches
what yeah yeah
so she was that's why they were like oh
we want to check her again when she's 1
because that was a little bit short but
that's ok like should we are both petite
so
I mean that's probably why I'm gonna try
and do this
stand straight here you can vlog okay
yeah Jonathan what you think is she 28
or 27 yeah
do you think a baby I was 28 in earth 28
inches of 27 I'll blow down the road
right it Amelia present strangle which
is like jumping in a car just like jump
in a car and gets run over you just
killed me I don't appear to be coming
back either I'm back oh my god I was
hilarious she was doing that she was
like breast dragon eliezer I go what is
he doing
I see operating the door what could you
do thank you like oh my god Amelia's
paying grant autonomy GTA for most of
the day
well no I got up ahead of the boss
himself in there so I just felt like I
spent a lot of time today in front of
the screen and I can sometimes melt your
brain especially GTA cuz it's a thick
paper all day longer than you realize oh
my god I'm 56 years old and I four kids
I don't even know what happened so I
decided I think that I have my rubber
bicycle
go for a spin Ling learning the
Blackbird the one I did the last time
it's pretty cool it's at this time
this time I'm gonna try and track you
correctly so from the carpark we're
gonna park near passage and then track
it
see how far it actually is like last
time I do like Matson stuff to figure it
out but that wasn't exactly I think I
have a better way of doing this going
over the motorway all the way out to
Black Rock to the park there may be near
challenger I'm gonna see how I'm gonna
keep on going and see how far it goes
because Wednesday guys we're gonna
battle for elements a four up four of us
going to value hoorah it's gonna be epic
it's actually incredibly a hot today so
much you're gonna leave this off and
just go in my air on t-shirt and
obviously my my fun pants so hot today
you know and obviously if it's hot
narrow to stand around a little roast
and when I get going all right let's go
boys so I just did some laundry just
folded some laundry I have another load
go and never gonna brush up the doggies
because they are looking really
struggling and I think laying out for a
couple of days and they're kind of gross
so I need to brush them out this is the
pet cologne that we use we just get it
from our groomer that's the brush I use
and yeah she sells it at her place but I
think it smells really nice I really
love the smell so I don't know I think
it keeps them like fresh okay remove
your toys paper okay who's first I think
I'll do a lovey first the most difficult
okay I'll be ready for a glooming you
asked there is no access today well
perky queef well I think I moves a
football party or something like that
you know so actually for the first time
ever I have to actually yeah pull over
good thing I carry and sell bugger hair
with me because it's actually way down
it was probably done because when I have
it on a mountain trails you want it like
super low down you can actually like
absorb with the impact of all the rocks
and stuff I know it's here I was just
blowing along and I was like oh goodness
is my in my tired dad wasn't it was just
that super and deflated okay so like 20
minutes in and we're at park we've all
nice and clean being casual yourself
Bianca Bianca
okay she's not interested but they just
all got treats so they're all excited
but I put all their bows back in the bed
you get your pose good girl you get your
bow you dig it look so silky and soft
it actually takes me like 40 minutes or
like 45 minutes to do all of them all
sex it's crazy I know that sounds like
insane but it actually takes me that
long so now it's getting late we're just
waiting for its joyful to get back and
then we can get dinner on the go look at
this stunning baby huh sure this must
have bump like I'm covered in here now
that's the other bad thing of it pushing
them out covered in hair let's go for a
little Drive here along the sort of
really Park Place
whoa whoa okay okay it's bumpy
I think that Sam to place in order to
marquee or I like the big concerts and
stuff are on course can you get some air
oh I get it okay I have no idea what's
at the end of this road
what's this one it's kind of scary but
chugging it saying like why is there in
this corner is definitely a two hand
experience watch oh look it's the body
the front of packing wave oh my god all
the parking guys seriously they're also
come and I was active like when they all
kind of like stopped
instead of like waited till I asked
sneaky who's the back way football team
you guys are getting like that you know
tour of course yeah unofficial
oh we're having snack time we're having
some apples and cheese for our little
snack because daddy's not home yet
and yeah we usually have dinner like at
8:00 or something so good girl
I just donate to got rid of ours I made
it to be granted ocean oh no I didn't I
survived my adventure of parka queef
that's pretty much the city just stand
there I'm gonna blood in and see her
close to me well can I keep get cork
rolling from of the fifth year those
clouds those guys are bringing their the
fun Stoppers well you know what
I can play Grand Theft Auto when it
starts raining it's like in cycle in the
mountains of San Andreas
it's a win-win situation
oh you're so funny inside out Oh see you
tomorrow
friends bye oh hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
