men in my experience anyway when they do
like a tiny little snippet of housework
they're like I just did this for you and
I just want everybody to know like they
just have to like broadcast it like how
amazing am i I just they have to tell
you about it they can't just like do it
and then not say anything he came up he
was like I just cleaned the kitchen for
you
good morning we are I don't know why I
say we it's just me I am getting Alessio
up from her first now so I need to start
at this room
don't judge me at least I got work done
this week shot I am happy about this is
good is it baby
media should look you've got little
hairs on your legs
that's so cute I'm pressing that so I
know I'm enjoying that's so cool so um
I've done my makeup wha okay just put on
a little bit today um and then I still
have to get dressed kids are dressed oh
and their beds are made so we're hashtag
winning today so I want to organize
these are just products baby products
but there's like a box of like it's
jewelry or something in there like
costume jewelry that I need to get real
and there's all this stuff that just
needs to be sorted through so fingers
crossed I will be able to today and then
I want to go through this why'd you take
that crap out
and just make this room look pretty you
know like it's a pretty room
it's actually a very pretty room okay
guys are you ready for the final reveal
that's an so grand when like it's not
even decorated properly this pretty
little thing which is so adorable
this is a present from Selfridges I
think and so that's the company right
there a little cloud and I just think
it's absolutely stunning I've been
waiting to hang this up um I actually
kind of want to hang it like above her
bed this is just temporary as I said
this is her cot as you know the she
needs to be changed
I put her Alessia from that's from my
mom she gets got those little letters
I put her little Burberry bear and a few
little things
Winnie the Pooh not too many toys and
then I put on her closet which is the
same closet that Amelia has look at how
good they are they're tidying up you're
doing really well I got I put up her
wish jar from Paul and Jason white
mousse a day the day you were born book
that came from the peel box I'm not sure
who gave it to us but thank you for that
this was also from Selfridges I love
this look a cute watch this it doesn't
have much of an impact right now but
it's actually really bright when the
curtains are closed so there we go
love that little cloud we've got her
grow egg her LS yeah Francesca Zaccone
Jolie from forest and Fleur
I think it's an Etsy shop or else it's
just a website but if you google Farah
sunflower like names they all have one
and they're so cute and they're handmade
I put I know this is really ugly but
what can you do I put her nappy bin
there you can both share it
you can share it okay because you both
did really well that was a good job okay
I'll find something else
I'll find another treasure for you okay
just don't go through any of this stuff
because I still have to like kind of
tidy it away okay so this is her closet
which I organized at the top of this
this was already done
that's actually an Easter decoration
that needs to go downstairs and then in
here got blankets
I love these okay they're very cute but
we need to put them there for now where
that's mid I don't know actually
is it in here so that's it for now um
it's kind of basic but Jonathan needs to
just build this drawer there's a drawer
that goes underneath there so there are
the parts for it and it goes like under
there and then I can put more storage
like more stuffing because there's a few
things good few things downstairs that
need to go pen yeah yeah I'm really
proud of myself I feel like accomplished
now except for this obviously needs to
go away we need to get an A for her door
as well like the kids once these are all
old brass actually not old they're like
new but um they're not breastfeeding
bras so I took them out of my drawer
yeah you can you have to share it I'm
sorry there's nine one
well can I bring it to school day you
can bring it in for show in town a few
yeah for the next Chantelle albeit that
evening but yeah
so a few days ago two kids had a
photoshoot in school I look at their
little school pictures okay and we have
two of them because he always had just
the Amelia one from last year and in a
few day also had a siblings photoshoot
as well but I accidentally ordered
thousands of them
not sure what I was thinking but we have
a lot of them so I am heading to a
birthday party as always on the weekend
I'm going to a birthday party put
Eduardo sand I come we're all coming Wow
we carry these guys for prom look what
else arrived
we got an this is for Alessia not for
avi they got the name wrong silver
closer to the neighborhood CLS yeah haha
but yeah it's a little Pratt me thing
for her for the book tour so we have the
presents wrap but look we've also got
these wrapped up are they so cute so
this is the thing that they did in
school called love in a boxing and I
spoke about it yesterday because you
should check it out ms or am that oracle
UK the idea is that look you create
these little boxes where them toys and
stuff do you have or a perfume or a
stuff for that you know I mean and you
take these little boxes and they send
them out to kids and stuff these are all
kids yeah like the kids don't our
presents
what's in the box Amina loving in the
Box love in the box but immediately
decided Eduardo gave loads of their toys
away and it gave some more her stuff
away it's all very good but we're gonna
go to a party right now
and the painter minus one all right
let's go elevator - way it's not a
swimming party so I just wanted to share
a little nugget of information with you
seriously Bianca you were just a sight
like it's just not happening yes yells
yes yells my last nibble I lost my ball
man
I don't know her ever since oh right so
what's the thing oh yeah
so Jonathan was like I came the kitchen
for you like you know when men like I'm
not dissing Jonathan because he is a
good husband and like he was trying to
be nice but you know it's just so funny
how like men in my experience anyway
when they do like a tiny little snippet
of housework they're like oh I just did
this for you and I just want everybody
to know like they just have to like
broadcast it like how amazing am i I
just they have to tell you about it they
can't just like do it and then not say
anything he came up he was like I just
stay in the kitchen for you I was like
oh thank you so much that's so nice of
you
he was like yeah and then I come down
and like yeah it was cleaned like he
cleaned it but um after lunch I was
about to stack the dishwasher so I
opened the dishwasher it's full from the
stuff that was in there last night I was
like okay so in my world cleaning the
kitchen involves emptying the dishwasher
like that's just how I do it but
obviously you know men are just a little
bit slower I'm just kidding but like
when it comes to housework they just
don't think he doesn't think like oh
yeah that's involved in cleaning the
kitchen it's just like oh that's a bonus
so I got this box from it was gets us on
the back
oh it's from Zara home oh that's cool I
actually didn't know about I thought it
was the perfume brand yeah Sarah home
really pretty so I put it here for like
keys and stuff I might change my mind
but it's really nice box and like it's
wooden as well so it's quite um sturdy
you know love it and then I got these
two flowers as well they came with this
perfume that was sent in that box and I
just put them there like they're coming
out to stay there but I just put them
there and Amelia came out and she was
like she sold the box and she was like
oh she was like this is lovely mummy
this looks really well in our Hall I was
like thanks Arabia and then she went
over there and she saw the flowers and
she was like mommy did you put these
flowers here yes like you've done really
well with decorating our house so we are
back from the party but Amelia has had a
traumatic evening okay bye key like it
don't do it don't you do it too but it
exploded you can't really see it it's
got a lot better but it exploded blood
because we said you blaming me how did I
make you do it oh it's okay the blood is
kind of gone now though which is good
which is good but you've brushed you
live quite a time when you burst the lip
guys if you haven't burst the trials lip
lately
find an old trial birthday I live well
over my case ha and that's maybe that's
how it go
Hey hmm actuary bag and did I help my
without my fault again I got it good
everything came to be my fault today
guys and what are we why do I have a
question why is your hand green I think
were you very upset about that yeah but
don't worry this weekend
you've been invited to all the parties
with Emilia there are melius friends
parties but the parents thought it was
best to bring a little eduardo yeah how
much stuff it's hair like what do we
guys think of alessia's room oh do you
love it need to order one Ice Age for
her she's got quois in her bed now do
you want to sleep in here from now on
guys we have a slumber party with
Alessia tonight okay all three of you
sleep in this room tonight unless you
said
kisses and cuddles I mean I give Alessia
kisses and cuddles in tea room mister
thank you very much
oh boy
alright media you jump into your bed and
wait for me okay good night to the day
what did you make your bed today oh good
boy I know I have to so we have this new
thing now where to earn pocket money you
have to do chores it could be yeah is it
oh who is it oh it's our student oh
she's all out today she's not fond
Journal hola como estas and for school
Oh shucks sucks alright hop into bed hop
into bed students we have an odd part
and a student tonight for a book time
yeah so the trick is they get you're in
a pound if you do your beds in the
morning and then we have other chores
like cleaning up after lunch and stuff
like that like you know if they can
start earning our way
what lord I just getting to do chores
renée's and teach them that life is
like that life is like a box of
chocolates right SD book time we ready
for book time boys and girls I think we
have a visitor
I wonder I hope nobody's out there
what are you doing what you need a way
you snuck down to say you need a wee why
are you sneaking on the floor you're
gonna try and crawl into our bed that's
your plan let's go then mister let's
gonna have our movies there are many
friends that you do Oh
