you gotta push election you got today go
sweat off Bianca's huh oh she's doing it
she did it
hey come to mommy
oh yeah you did you did you better
friend
I'm watching the footage of Anna what
she did yesterday
while I was in London and she was here
with Amelia and I'm watching like this
is so cool that like even though I spent
the day away from my family yesterday I
never miss anything I was like she
brought this to you Joe haha I'm about
to do it folks I'm about to do it right
now right okay here we go here we go
next
Oh Oh chuckles huh okay it's gonna
happen I'll let you know how I feel
about it they're loading iPhone software
I tweet and esten everyone am it's very
positive negative out there but pretty
sure it's part something oh hi hey there
you go to update yours I don't know I
didn't get it yeah you don't get a thing
I was waiting for Steve cook to call her
personally Tim Cook Steve Jobs Tim Cole
I'll let you know how it is I'll let you
know what the future is like I'll send
you a postcard in future ooh
holla Coolio's whoa update complete
continue all right I'm back in a second
um okay yeah okay go away look it's it's
it's all lighter they look like little
vectors and stuff the phone the phone
looks the same though
let's go again
Costard ATR cedar I'm gonna clean last
day oh did I hey what what are you
twerking is that at work and that's kind
of Turkish oh you're at work up she's at
work or folks here at work are you I
want to be like Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus
Miley Oh Cyrus yeah oh yeah there we go
let's go get you beat on oh hey and as
our final offer legal in Ireland you
have to do 12 lessons and this is it and
it's gonna get her book stamp today it's
having problem so she got it on my car
like I know what it is just to remind
you again come on this is it 12 lesson
to 12th lesson today you're gonna get
your books and you're gonna complete it
you completed your assessment exam to
get your provisional license and they
you're gonna complete your 12 and that's
it and then if do your actual driving
license we can read an automatic it
doesn't matter but you've done something
huh he did to 12 lessons in manual I'm
telling you here but doesn't matter
you've achieved something you've done
dealer I hope you're gonna kiss oh you
know what else is missing moo moo stood
she broke her Sorrento tiles
robbing or having a tough morning we're
having a tough morning al became happy
always comes from you cry and see you as
he likes to lick tears his little worker
oh and she's clutching a photo of
herself
let's see let's see let me see
I don't even need me the gear Nick so
this is my 12th us and like I said um I
had a bit of a meltdown earlier but I'm
fine now they saw me crying earlier huh
oh yeah it was worse than what you fed
me um but yeah I'm okay now I've done a
bit more driving so it's okay I think it
was just as well because I had driven in
the automatics and then I gotten used to
them and then I was kind of anxious of
it you know coming back into him I knew
okay I'm gonna go to us
what magic
so I see here
I put in here right
let's have a new yeah really
this one thank you my last but not last
but you know I mean do you have one and
jump leads and everything so we should
be cool
under that her driving lesson I'm out
for a drive also get my car Oh
someone stole my boat so I'm gonna go
find my boat some I stole my son's boat
oh my goodness this is the best game
ever in the world I would be so next I
don't realize my other Twitter doesn't
have a fancy thing on it
gonna have like y'all kill the tire at
least I had one if it's on this side
because these are really still quite
good tires okay if the if the if you
find something that where the the
perpetrator so to speak is on where the
road uses yeah it's very easy to repair
because they can just take it out put a
bit of tubing inside snap it off but if
it's on the side here
you have to get a new tire off together
for two oh so just cuz you have a flat
tire it doesn't mean that you have to
get in you oh god aah oh my god no way
so we stopped using the sensor mat you
know while ago about a month ago now and
it's funny like every night I do this
before we go to bed and then I do to
sort of make nap how often
he just you think I look yet here the
breathing or something okay so why did
you save Harry lefty-loosey
okay lefty-loosey righty-tighty it's a
question speak up or not you know I'm
getting a new person hopefully that's
what happened again for a long time yeah
I know well I think I might still fly
somebody else dude
if I want my own so Jonathan was mocking
me before because I got tissues when I
first got my about tissues and then I
got hand sanitizers and now I'm actually
reusing this do you thought throat dirty
from so take your pick
there's pink or blue oh I go for the
boom tesco has nice love when that
happens
love when the copies made excuse
yourself
monks what reason would you have in life
to play a barker geez mom zone okay four
we went good morning again my little
friendliest friend well what's going on
here we throw everything out we told our
toys that at a crib huh he said when
we're doing he said we don't what it was
this this is what is is that part of
somebody who's that who's that in a baby
I'm gonna getcha oh oh yeah oh yeah so
earlier today I just do it myself um
earlier this morning
and maybe I like took a step it was so
crazy and like I didn't catch on camera
I didn't even like catch it in real life
I barely did because she was um yeah she
was in her room and seen our typical
peepees
she went um she went to get a toy and
she was at her rocking chair and she's
holding on to it like standing up and
she turned around to get to her toys you
know we're like her little nightlight is
and everything and then she like let go
and went over to the toys and then sat
down like she took like two step you
know she went like step step and sat
down and I told who's just like um like
it just happened so fast it was like and
she didn't even know what as she did it
I didn't even hardly notice that she did
it was crazy
um Biden vlog it or anything cuz I just
it happened so fast so evidently she's
gonna take her first like official steps
at some stage soon so sometimes PR
companies get it free wrong sometimes
they get it right but sometimes they get
it really wrong so I got these um Lay's
products from Vaseline and I got this
card to jo-ann dress maybe it's for you
Joe and I thought that you were a girl
hi Joanne hope you had a lovely holiday
enjoy the product actually wear the
holiday why
Thanks thanks a lot for lad okay you're
here Amelia's looking at the road ugh ha
ha ha ha I can't see Joyce really
annoying on kids apps uh naps unthought
on iPhones that are designed to
entertain your child why would you put
an ad on the top that looks like a
cartoon like Amelia's always on them I
know and then she start crying and you
look back and she's like clicked in the
ad
yeah and it stops and it's like okay pay
for this sure I care hey baby
click here click it don't worry about to
be scarred easily stored up on iTunes
well make it even easier come on good
click deported kick to Bhutan for
changing the name of the PIO box to
despoil amelia box oh my god she knows
how to do it
turn of it in the spoil box today look
at this book is so cool she loves her
books that was perfect on its close this
one what is it hmm it's a pop-up book
more pepper books you got a pause
calendar posies hey buddies some socks
tons more clothes a melted of Disney
characters and those the stuffs and
stuff robots we call it to here to there
what that whole distance look I was
watching the video and then somebody
like in the corner of my ego I'm you
stir yeah yeah so and I just looked over
and she was like literally she's like
this like okay okay hold on we've got to
trick her into this
Amelia hey you want this media won't
mess with media Amelia hey hear what
this click we'll get some food
put over TV we're just gonna leave this
one here no back in there Teeter Teeter
yeah Gina
I can walk I'll walk first I wave you
got handsome come on Cantus it's just
right here look it's right here
I got just leave right here I'll just
leave it right here what with the doctor
well they're making a little more
difficult I don't I just don't think
she's got to do it chanter chanter
career
are you going to put this here yeah you
gotta put your legs you got put today go
sweat off Bianca's mom oh she's doing it
she did it she did it
hey oh my goodness did you guys see that
didn't work I had to cover sitting there
waiting I was just messing with her here
anyone else she's gonna do it but she
can do it again it has the sweet
well done well you don't let go there
let go there for a second come to mommy
hey there friend oh okay good come on
come on oh no crawling crawling for
babies you're not a baby
Turner oh come on come on come on here
look at you huh Oh ready
off you go to me oh my god to me you
like anymore
come on
well hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
haha
