go go do it do it I don't like to do if
she's running all this buh-buh-buh Oh
gonna turn you've got a friend
Oh keep on truckin
keep on truckin
the media's favorite toy I put a coin -
no Yankee Candle it looks like she's
also a kid - got our hand stuck in the
cookie jar you guys see that why you
need to buy expensive toys just put 20
set cord in an old Yankee Candle hours
of entertainment check this out this is
so cute
we can Ukraine Oh give me kisses
you love your doggie friends don't you
yeah okay you're going crazy now oh yeah
when you doing don't do that immediate
for you taki friend huh crazy junkie
friend to his Bianca it's a good girl
Bianca careful her eye or I don't be
mean at Emilia be gentle
good girl I decided to park here rather
than going off into the mentally large
carpark like it is Melanie gone so we're
on the last day of sickness so we're
gonna still go to our chicken and veg
soup because it's probably still sick
unless you try
like
no chicken a veg I need something to dip
into the soup linglong this one
they look good don't they need something
for some GTA x axis
ah please Peppa Pig wish Peppa step on
yourself look look ah big oh what did
you do what did you do keep sweet and
eat cupcakes that what you're gonna do
oh oh sad that your friends not knows
there is not a little baby oh how he
fell back in he thought back in you're
gonna have to work harder okay one two
three
turn it turn it one two three oh oh it's
so hard and it's room at the window no
way to do that huh hmm who's that teddy
bear he's not a bad mommy it's a doggy
friend up again I don't want to be out
in the bed I quite like it in here okay
come on I found it on my Brophy Robbie
and oh my goodness we're talking about
breaking bad we watch Breaking Bad I
like breaking bad Dexter and
dome okay the dome wasn't as intense his
boy Hank and Big Jim we're joking that
boy I am oh my god this breaking bad
last night was just it is just such an
intentional it is definitely by far one
of the best shows on TV at the moment
there's always a new best show come
along but Breaking Bad right now
oh my god if you're watching it I don't
wanna say it Novak's gonna ruin it for
anyone but whoo
it's intense there is serious intensity
hi hey there hi there yeah new trailer
talks on yeah but you stopped done but
just up done but just planted a keep
sweet and eat cupcakes beautiful catch
miles can you take her while I get right
well you right huh I'm going to take
your firstborn daughter and she said I
grab pepper pepper pepper on your foot
we can says method argue that oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah month Oh jump on jump on
what's my name let's go hey mom food
food time we time you answer
uh-huh you ate dog food Nicky this carry
on I see you they're trying to eat the
Coco Pops I see you in there
huh Coco Pops dealer little doggies Coco
Pops okay Dada Dada Doug you know the
donkey friends you don't do friends
everywhere
what is that what you got there what you
got dad huh my soup is ready soup du
jour get the toast on the go
we're getting the toast under girlfriend
huh look at the media is having I'm
gonna try one of these that look
organics meeting meals Kirby is salmon
and potato BOTS and chickpeas sauce then
it's new and improved organics moving at
it with organics huh that sounds pretty
good friend thank you thank you very
much
don't don't you're just dropping it
everywhere oh my goodness you're making
such a mess
oh I think your food just exploded and
it sound like it it did yeah yeah
oopsies oopsies
what do you did you really clean the
place up
Oh did you land on someone
alright friend let's get you some real
nutritious if you like something in your
hand
not that gosh gosh it went it it went
did emergency keep Becker oh my goodness
what are you gonna do with you huh are
we gonna do with you oopsies so I put it
onto the plate and I realized amoebas
are still kind of cold
which is kinda but the sauce is really
hot so mix it around plop it back in
there runner I don't know 25 30 minutes
jokes 1 minute on high what kind of
trouble are you causing okay I know
you're causing trouble you have to do
sup people have to do to be laughing to
yourself
uh-oh everyone's upside down whoo Oh God
oh jeez um that's too hot so we must
wait but you got your big girl Cup big
girl cup tune we've established a big
girls don't cry but the big girls
drinking from cups so that's done
oh nice moves friend oh hi is that is
anyone sitting here do you mind if I
join you for lunch with it that be okay
with you my lad sit here is this the
cool table huh is this the cool table
there's still scroll DS scauldy Mike's
called enstein which is not good friend
all right
soup the juror t-shirt only I'm happy
side
go splitsies I'm probably 50
monstermunch is that I'm hit - and then
she's like eating food as well at the
same time you have a pernicious win
another automatic card the Simon asked
Rana s re auntie I wanted to get a
naughty and all the or H Anna you should
get an audio or eggs
all right don't make jokes on my jokes
just do it all um don't wait just go
around the corner
how do you feel about this one this is a
dragon was a pole a golf plus and this
is a all the a3 sports back no we're
gonna go around roundabout Orion yeah
what do you feel like how do you feel
the difference
what is it cute no no no it turns off
itself when you stop it's one of those
power saving cars okay I know I know I
know it's weird it's like what why is
the car to turn off and start itself so
no that's normal it's good for the
environment I really like you in space
there for me leo
yeah I really like it I think it's
definitely smaller and it's less
reactive to my foot yeah yeah yeah when
I would press down on this is a diesel
hearing was a Patchogue things are good
yeah exactly so when I press down in the
pedal it's like hardly anything happened
but it doesn't cut out like like the
manual yeah yeah I don't know I think
it's only one point six to twelve petrol
but it is loads of space no no idea I
really like this I like this restaurant
I feel like I go slower in this you know
yeah yeah you do the other I was like
breaking the law on stuff yeah well I
wouldn't even notice and I just know
like suddenly I'd start going we I just
this automatic thing like I don't care
what are you doing um I don't care what
anybody says like so much nicer to drive
yes I I don't know I think driving I'm
just like yeah I would try it forever I
think this is a much smaller turn yeah
it is the Golf Plus thing was sort of an
SUV a small SUV where this is like the
Koopas the front of this it's like it's
one a new one so the front is like the
new fluoride hot you two hot friends
I think you have all the details here
the car
hey so much look it's one of the new
ones Ryan yeah yeah yeah turn in here uh
yeah yeah turn in here
auti 30 I'm just leaving your aunt here
I suppose
Barbeau any guys isn't a news talk
because I'm about to go on the news talk
with mr. hook mr. George hook I'm not
late but I don't have a million hours
stare because I really want a Nana to go
in a test said yeah that's wine or tea
or tea yes papa
whatever they say whatever you guys so I
got here super early why not sleep right
I got 20 minutes the wait says I can
wait in the studio or you can go walk
around us I can just go walk around her
house your opera in 20 of that Anna was
with me I probably would have been late
because house on my own I was like super
early shall we do it
when are you up to every time I turn
around she's in some kind of mischief
she's crazy
I'm getting kind of sick these balloons
to be honest because number one they're
quite dangerous with dogs and babies
around because Amelia I was like putting
them in her mouth and like you know it
could pop in her mouth which I don't I
don't know if it's dangerous like in
terms of like I don't know but I just
think that to me is scary because it
would like give her a huge frightened so
I keep your down for a second
I'm not even gonna put it down for a
second her dad will stop and she just
it's like a hurricane has come through
the house and apparently little boys are
even worse that's what I've been told I
also had to banish em there she is I'll
be into the study because he was being a
brat he was like growling and just being
nasty and stuff so I just put him in
there
I'm sure he's very upset but he has to
learn cuz the rest of the dogs are fine
with her but he just cuz he's spoiled
because he's the first one the first dog
he was like like an only child or
whatever at the longest so he still gets
a bit jealous
so here Newstalk is George hi either a
head to the world yeah hi to the world
particularly doing my good friends in
America like my favorite country after
I loved you even people in Dubuque Iowa
where I once spent a night and never
went back to people in Dubuque alone and
I know how often you get a hello like
that we're listening to news talk online
right now cuz Jo Jo shine aren't we
proud are we proud comedians at a dog
look busker look she's creating mayhem
mayhem a meaningful vice on YouTube yeah
yeah like you know we film everything is
always that question you know should I
need to say ensure not leave this in and
I'm always like adjusting and checking
to see like can I make this better
like every day I wake up down and I'm
like you know what I'm gonna try doing
this and people have been watching us
for long enough I've probably seen how
the show is evolved from like you know
five minute show eight minutes 20
minutes or 30 minutes world and when I
edited then it was faster clips or clips
along because now I have an intro and
outro just you're always learning it's
not you can you make it better helping
you audience enjoy it more but this is
business not this is you what do your
neighbors think about that something
they've got a TV superstar innovators
yeah what think about her I know like my
food on a road whoo we did it does know
now you know it's funny how we were all
that playing with the kids here today I
wanted it my name is Suns kiyomi's like
my mom's always notching you guys if you
said I was like no secrets here you know
and you know you had a like except like
every time you get in court no matter
where it is task or just people always
come up to us like oh my god I love your
show and tough it out but it works
because you never let it get to you
never teen like oh yeah I'm super famous
you know you always think like people
like it because it's just real like
usually guys it's a good look they close
at 7:00 it's right to have six well
every big shocking underlying some way
that means actually I got a parking spot
away from doors epic I think it's here a
one is it can't bigger parking spot
right at the front door
I get paid Oh pay stations oh I just
like play stations okay
you guys got any changing me some
changing yeah this should check and glue
be 250 right look as a 5y right actually
tacking me be 250 right so someone says
see something like 250 but like oh yeah
you go hey is 250 oh boy so I just
reading the comments on today
yesterday's vlog you know and you know I
did I bought Club Milt's it's always
going on but they didn't just say hey
Rimmer Club man so much remember those
biscuits wrapped in chocolate
like all coolers like on I need a club
back for my life my garlic rub milk ha
ha ha
let's go boom uh-oh can you reverse
let's go this way friend let's go this
way friend oh she's a cute bunk ok
gajala villain let's get he sick
skinny say Go Go do it do it
like she's running all of it buying oh
is turn it we turn it we turn it are you
going it's a pen all right oh no man
down man down
do it do it oh gonna turn you've got a
friend
Oh keep on truckin keep on truckin Oh
classic that's lamentable a bus the mid
de bola bola a parmesan spicy meat the
bottle ah we must go folks because I
just give her like 5 or 4 o'clock in the
morning it's ridiculous so I need to
edit you right there stop what you're
doing I need to edit you all right stop
it I can see you guys will happy
tomorrow I'm gonna London tomorrow when
you're watching this time in London hi
just just hang out the Queen kicking it
what's there what's the name of that
married people Prince and Princess the
neighbor kid
George George George Foreman hanging out
with them nah not really
wait let's tune in tomorrow yeah to find
out what I did in London study feeling
who's feeling it
my dad Sam I'm only going for six months
so jokes but I must say farewell say
farewell nothing nothing to be alarmed
of you like that like an immutable like
at the meat of all your lies about me
the ball doodles thanks for watching hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
