what you mean you cannot detect a
wireless controller what could possibly
be the problem here huh I could possibly
be the problem
welcome to deaf lanka teased and been a
good day and you're welcome anyway
whoever you are and wherever you're from
go to general empties in the house hey
what happens it's all gone if I can get
some you're all still cold it out still
doctors Napoleon's and they have the
eyes which is really hard when you're a
new work on like computers every single
day and you have like heavy eyes it's
not good my friend
then I sting and they burn and he sat on
fire and they melt well anyway I'm
getting some at Mississippians
and hopefully they'll let me Kevin what
you got there yeah what you got there
oh my wrinkle fix I got then all these
products from nip and fat and Amelia got
to them before I did and I'm shouldn't
open any was fine but she took this one
out which is the Nippon fab viper venom
oh my god it's actually a hole in it but
anyways is it oh god I think it might be
they can smell something
oh no cuz these products are supposed to
be pretty good yeah is leaking crap
anyway so a dog got to it and shoot at
all
so if our dogs have no wrinkles
you know why this morning Amelia woke up
with no snotty nose like there was no
boogers and no snot and I was like yeah
yeah I thought it was over but then I
was kind of like oh oh cuz you know I'm
still sick I mean I'm not a hundred
percent yet but I'm I'm definitely
better than I was yes I think I'm better
than I was
debate I still need elem zip this
morning when we were out so that was
crazy but I got some look at my lipstick
it's like that crosses Jonathan ed so
much he's gonna like vomit when he sees
that you had no snotty nose this morning
and I was like oh my god and I had
slathered her in Vicks last night thank
you no not for me
and then this Mar and then during the
day it just it started running again so
that was a pity because I thought it was
over but obviously not I think maybe
there's like another day and it or
something so we'll see I'm just doing
laundry which is always I want to bake
something today but then at the same
time I don't want to go out because it's
storming rain outside and I don't want
to have to go and get ingredients but I
do want to bake something then we asked
today the tree in the bad situation
there was four four in the pit yesterday
I fill them three of them into bed you
know say like just like nine beds in
here very very important I've been
waiting about six years to go on this
journey I think it's about six years now
not as if in six years it's been about
10 years since I've got to go back to
this place because the last time wasn't
as good I'll be honest it was not as
good number four it was definitely not
as good as number three no three four
five
is this six I think this might be six
I've owned every single one of them
every single or since to start since the
dawn of the games I have owned every
single
cuz the little remember lucky bamboo oh
my goodness but before I do that I have
to do a shopping list so I decided to
get going on my closet overhaul my like
autumn and winter stuff here my scarves
my boots and warmer clothes so I'm gonna
just go through them and see which
things I haven't worn in the two last
like two seasons in which I have of
course talking about I got special
edition because it comes with am looking
or D or H nice it comes you know the I
think you start the game off with like
some tattoos and clothes and guns and
stuff oh my goodness apparently it takes
nearly an hour to install it download
all the map pack stuff that you get with
it uh-huh so I have to get in early
enough my brother he pick this up this
morning about like 8 o'clock or
something
cuz we're trying going around and
present at the city together for the
first time be like the best time you
know I didn't was exciting times like
the first time we experienced something
so it's totally fun to do it together
and
the awesome thing about your wife and
kids got to taught is that there's a lot
of sick days today a lot of people call
right go home and try and convince Anna
don't have me to disappear into my cave
your blog might just end right now hey
guys and thanks for watching the no just
kidding oh I knew that you you're like
you're my best friends why would I
yahwah you guys can come along in
joining experience with me huh I have
very few items just like three items for
to sell this is either donate or throw
away I'm not sure some of their own the
old so I don't know this is also donate
or throw away that's just to keep I'm
keeping these but yeah I go into some
right closet how it looks
yeah I've been filling it with things as
well as I go along
what happened to tell me why you do this
well they just found out I just pick it
up and just by thank you
there's still something left as you nice
you though I'm guys come on it's too
strong yeah no no no no likes to rub it
everywhere that sounds amazing
I know huh yeah I know too much for
God's own fur okay I know to be always I
think it's jofi it's all right though
well I'll be like deep breeders as so I
got started on my am wardrobe overhaul
oh yeah I have three items to sell and
so far and the rest is like
I found some stuff that like I've had
since we lived in Bournemouth like that
is oh can you know like that stuff you
need to get rid on you shouldn't be
wearing this thing I mean no there's
nothing wrong with that but you hardly
wear your clothes that are almost at the
mileage in your clothing it's pretty low
so it's a good deal
well I might reminder to my clothes it's
very high but I already have my two
pairs suppose that's true yeah geez
that's quite a lot of that it's quite a
lot of installing to do
Amelia's helping me play you help me
play friend don't look oh geez like I
just got shot I'll be honest with you
friend I don't know if that's a good
idea okay I'm not really sure like I
understand you're just trying to repair
my wheel or something like that but I
must admit I don't think that is a good
idea
I don't think that's a good idea huh
you're making it very difficult for me
to ignore you meaning you're very
difficult for me to ignore you you get
your fingers chopped off huh maybe
fingerless you'll be able to use anymore
Thank You media isn't Lynch it's so cute
she's having pasta shells with a veggie
sauce it's nice and warm and it's like
good for you know and she's sick and the
temperature is all dropped and it's like
just cold it's like gonna go outside
hmm the dogs even don't want to go it
takes it's so cold
they're looking a little strike Lee as
well I need to brush them it yes I cut
up some little toast fingers and I
dipped them in there it's the tomato and
the veggie sauce so she's having her
lunch and mommy's gonna have some soup
dad's gonna have some soup too but I
think he might be busy right now
why just what that looked really cute
look one of the first things I did see
that they're a bad one and I went up the
mountains on it so it's like you don't
even do that in the real world anymore
you spend and I drank I knew there's one
of the mountains somewhere so I thought
I found one I went for a blood and a
mountain Larry's right think it's time
to get a haircut so I made something for
me yeah they did something they did but
I need I'm missing one Lego piece so
annoying
ah it's like one little white block that
I can't find anywhere I mean I don't
know maybe it wasn't even in the pack
because I have a couple of like green
ones left over but you wanna see it I
made Ted Oh
do you see what I mean
so at the top here this one should be
white I copied it from that but I think
it's pretty cool let's see what Amelia
thinks that's what I mean so I'm missing
one piece though really yeah mommy me
mommy's pretty advanced at the block
building yeah this one should be wait oh
yeah what is this one called words
missing oh I just had a few spare ones
of those like wow she's gonna break it I
know she's oh no your jobs to take that
apart you know how long it took me
oh no not really I just copied it off
that first one no hmm you like it though
didn't look okay just think I wouldn't
go yeah
those are the fun parts there's a corner
oh excuse me
do you love your castle what is going on
here
it's because they've had a ball she was
such a little brat and you know that she
was up tiny little squidgy ball in her
mouth and it's like officially her as
like she's claimed it as her own and so
if anybody comes near her she freaked
that is that fun of media all the
doggies are eating your leg Oh Katie oh
ah it's time for a snooze a jacuzzi it's
time for a snooze II Jack Hoover was e
you snooze you kuzey what do you mean
you cannot detect a wireless controller
what could possibly be the problem here
huh I could possibly be the problem
they're pulling it out they keep putting
it back in when I was a kid right me and
my brother was anything like I have to
order something you know and how it work
is that I would always be like the
co-pilot like he would play the game and
I would like to decide it would just be
like oh go this way go that way Jeremy
like so that's what we're here we're
like the copilot media is my co-pilot
she's telling me where she's on what to
do
Oh grumpy you shush grumpy grumpy bums
don't mind grumpy my holiday go going
old school annoyed at ages like why
don't you call by anymore huh huh what's
your big deal Lloyd huh huh huh huh
Oh boys that like that there's no
positive so upon making the chicken
dinner we looked in and I was like why
it's just know about smiling Christ
there's only one fun snorefest whole
grain grain nothing added no fun
involved folks like have one bells
mattock rice or white rice or fun sticky
gooey rice you know I don't want stupid
whole-grain snorefest brown rice so I
was like what about like a pasta sauce
so like Coolio so we have everything we
need to make a nice pasta dinner we have
the organic tomatoes and all that crap
missing other stuff so I decided I would
go saunas cooking the pasta now because
takes a while to cook pasta anyway and
I'm gonna nip down and pick up pick up a
penguin oh my god you remember five four
to five forty one but that is old school
on the snackage comments if you remember
the snackage or what is what snack you
guys remember I remember in school I had
Cadbury sons and five four three two
ones are tracker bars oh my goodness
Cadbury son pedi flus tract of ours are
if you're a posh you had y'all play I
didn't have no y'all play at a petty flu
I didn't need a spoon you just basically
grabbed petty flew by dope wouldn't
squeeze that's it
King crisps in a roll my name is Catoe
King Kristen at all my goodness why I
don't even know how we got into this ah
why would we go for her stick on one
Lloyd though tomorrow basil sounds good
everyone likes tomato basil tomato
tomato tomato tomato potato but Adam I
said to me tomato
know it confusing me now is it tomato
and potato think gonna go this well I
can also just get the rights here -
right we made it back Ciccone in swap
out Lloyd a for Lloyd to be and low
light oh my god little a litte bit no
way you kiss newsela why he gives me
self
oh my god like at twins should we do
with this inna suck see what should we
do with the newly newly is what should
we do at the Albie starts easily in the
Marne and what should we do it you know
baby what should we do what a little
baby what should we do Marlin well see
good keep my friendly as friends now say
goodnight to my friendliest friends now
we're shall say goodbye but I'll see you
don't cry tomorrow good night good night
good night and thank you for stopping by
and I really appreciate you and to be
honest I love you hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
