Run DMC Jam Master Jay book 1 DC Jam
Master Jay
beep zzv playing this game for it take
her and Susie I don't know you just
better know it's cold like it's the
temperature has really dropped it's
looking more and more like autumn now
and so it's really important that she is
dressed warm you know so I'm gonna find
some stocks all your socks are like
pastel colors and I need like some more
autumnal whoa that's not really our
table that Sonia from Zara well this
would probably have matched but of
course it's on its own this is like the
story of Oh found it you guys seen my
psychic potatoes second potatoes like
just like a sec second for da de whose
is that looks like it's like a bidet he
stuck up with the heater like a you know
don't rub you to me don't worry
spots on me oh my goodness I just got
started
I just got snotted look at this Nazis
and my mom sees Oh someone's come on is
that now was that me yeah
it's come on for us me anger that's
never here
sometimes it is hard to tell initially
thank you initially with you oh geez I
have the room in the house that slowly
becomes moot you see this an exam aunt
and uncle Arizona is like a carpenter he
made this yes it's not amazing it's like
as Amelia grows up it's like one of
those measuring boards I feel like the
room was like caving in on me oh my god
hiding down here so I need to get it
need to get a bit spick-and-span because
there's always this always the boob is
inert so I'm officially 12 weeks today
and I look like I'm smuggling a beach
ball here what's gonna wear boots cuz
it's pretty cold out but the boots just
did not work with this outfit and be
honest I don't have a lot of outfits to
go with right at this point I need to
get more maternity but like 12 weeks I
remember last time I wasn't even and the
funny thing is I'm actually the same
exact weight that I was last time at 12
weeks because I look like an idiot when
I can checked um I don't know just out
of curiosity I wanted to see because I'm
so much bigger this time but I mean the
exact same weight so I would appreciate
it if some people stopped calling me fat
in the comments because it's kind of
hurtful but anyways but yeah seriously
it's huge for 12 weeks it's like no is
that a baby
or a beach ball I don't really know
anymore
hmm you clapping whose are you clapping
for approval oh you do break dancing do
it Run DMC Jam Master Jay one do see
Jeff Master J she's so funny she's so
happy
there's my little helper all right ease
we are getting somewhere we are getting
somewhere operation take back the office
is in full effect friend so a minute ago
the media was messing with Albie I was
under sir she was playing out there and
I swear like she actually stood in the
penalty for like over
minute I was just sitting there watching
her and I knew if I went to get a camera
wasn't gonna happen where she was just
like standing there looking at I'm
laughing but she forgot that she was
standing didn't you huh just think this
is great does it keep like pulling
things out like what's the game what's
this game what's this game
all right back to work
there's been a small delay in the
dusting appearance the dogs remember
disaster yeah I guess favorite duster
pens Amelia never seen it before
and toasted ham and cheese asana or that
M&S cross on yeah
the old Costas bike but I got a tea cake
as well of mine does it figure in your
sake should have tea cakes mugs
Tehan jokes and if you can't have tea n
cakes just combine it and make a tea
cake or a tea cake and coffee isn't loo
Bonjour Mademoiselle left for Hong ah
oui oui
Bon Appetit
kids are like snotty sniffing there's
like an English and
expand all around pulling a right shoe
iconic unum
don't start using my finger favorite
remember what that's called
baby something you know was really want
to gab I want to count like
DVD players that sit on the back of the
headrest for Amelia and no-name huge
thing like we're gonna call this baby
monster baby months ginormous Maisie
watch much you could put the app like an
iPad or anything going to see the
battery in those things they don't last
long you know where is like a TV can I
just see the appeal like
like I understand you know kids have to
learn to
distract themselves other ways but we
will do I like you know to be in sky
news or something cause y'all can only
watch I wouldn't have a nod all the time
but then they happen for when they get
really upset sometimes there's nothing
else for them to do and they're just
like frustrated yeah exactly
so I just think pretty good idea
I really want to get them get the mess
oh oh it's not bubbles nothing to see
here
don't turn away and the way I applaud
you oh poor you
it's so sad you don't hear your kiddos
sick is like that's not you can do and
they can't like take like grown-up
treatments you know they just have to
like you she doesn't understand huh
life is a breeze and then your nose
filtered snots hmm
it's okay won't last that long
okay you know what's in peppa pig in
your special touch okay you're supposed
to couch over here okay pop oh yeah yeah
yeah you want a dolly honey no doggy
there get Pep on the go and all right
you're just sitting there waiting for
the show to begin
she's just oh geez Jesus watching the
computer boot up you just sitting there
patiently just waiting I'm you
but now it's over are you the sheriff
are you at a sheriff around here huh the
sheriff of mischief that's what I call
you all right let's get back there is
nine dog beds in this room okay
nine dog beds and everybody wants to
sleep now
tomorrow I'm going to be cycling in the
heels of San Andreas are you gonna be
cycling the hills of San Andreas of our
what I could do to midnight tonight but
I don't know when Amelia and everything
I don't think I'm gonna go midnight
tonight but tomorrow I am heading up San
Andreas let me know let me know in the
comments below halfway that's pretty too
windy wearing your step running from
every orifice
I see you looking for so I took enough I
just felt absolutely exhausted and then
I was like what is wrong with me and
then I remembered oh yeah I'm sick I've
never pregnant
I always forget that that's actually
happening going on in my body and I kind
of forget that like I'm still in the
first trimester so I'm just they were
moved yeah that's something to do with a
joking jofi anyways house for a drone it
son of OPP they story oh yeah oh yeah I
would to get a full you need to brush
you everything later
take a small bit of a detour driven in
that road there's Madam point over there
like 7 o'clock Jonathan is out biking
waking and all that Draghi's are not
stupid to talk you through a little bit
oh I haven't thought that for a walk
don't know if I'm gonna be able to it's
just so what does not enough time in the
day it's like huh but anyways yeah I
forgot that I keep forgetting that I'm
not in this first I'm not in the second
trimester cuz I'm like why am I feeling
so tired you know and then I remembered
that I was pushed back so unfortunately
I have to wait till next week before I
can start feeling better again this road
here
every time you just come down here
Madonna used to always say my goal is to
either own the house on well io say Viko
Road and donkey and you guys live near
at Tokyo you know the fico road Oh Tina
heads there like whoa like 10 20 million
a gaff but I've always wanted it there
but if not I would settle for this
this road here oh look at that view
imagine living on a road like that it's
just incredible isn't it I don't know
like in a lot of places in the u.s. like
it looks like one road to university
places but I don't know every just I'm
on Black Rock from in Black Rock I went
from the castle over down towards my
head and then back around up here we're
gonna follow us around the park and then
head back the roaches him I think I saw
a little trail along the way I'm gonna
investigate and worry about
when I'm in this place epic I love this
area
sit it down and she's like no she loves
up where we are now you know cuz
toasting to a mom oh what's that
need tons and tons of money yeah I'm
nice I've been saying I'm gonna make
this lasagna for like a week now well no
not a week like almost a week I think
tomorrow or the day after
yeah umm but it's just I don't like
cooking like I hate cooking so much and
I have all these ideas and then I'm like
oh when it comes standard I'm like so um
I need to just like get down to business
and uh we make the stupid friggin
lasagna wholesome eats you a huge Tesco
shop because we're he putting it off and
it's just so much easier to do it online
when there's a ton of stuff taking a
baby around
Tesco for like an hour two hours even
and sometimes it's just not fun so I
just prefer to online and laundry is all
it's just okay are you gonna wake the
baby
we're back at the car my little friend
oh my goodness
okay that's it we did uh and yes I feel
like a hundred times better alright stop
you should record it so eleven and it is
seven so 19 19 kilometers that's not bad
Tennyson where should I go I went to a
place I've never been before
oh oh I went all the way along here oh
my god okay continues on what can you go
all the way into town
oh my god I'm discovering things about
city I live in don't even know about it
oh man epic also he were asked me the
name of this app
is that is that endomondo this is that
endomondo you can get it for free you
know I bought it cuz I'm foolish like
that because if you buy it you gotta
like I think you got lots of more
information and something that you know
and I'm I'm training for something so I
wanted all the extra info but yeah you
pick it up for free Android I'm iPhone
and I've got the lasagne on the go this
is the tomato sauce obviously and then
this is the spinach which is almost
actually pretty much wilted now it's so
funny this was like two huge bags of
spinach and now it looks like nothing
and then it's burning I've got the
ricotta cheese and all the rest of the
ingredients there I'm not gonna do
there's like a cheese sauce with butter
plain flour milk grated cheddar cheese
I'm not gonna do that my mom never ever
made a white cheese sauce in her lasagna
I think that's what makes like most
English and American lasagnas really
unhealthy
whereas in Italy as far as I know people
don't use like a white fish sauce it's
just not done I think that's like an
English thing so I'm just not gonna do
it just because I'm not used to it and I
don't think it's really necessary but um
unless it has the ricotta in there
already so I don't understand why it
needs a cheese sauce but it weighs good
morning again my little friend is friend
oh my goodness dinner on the table
excited for them spin oh look at this
perfect job look at this perfect
specimen of Maltese you are a greedy
guts if he got something for the
greedyguts hair new yo
that's great I really appreciate what
you're doing we're friendly as friends
oh but every pretty awesome if you stop
taking everything I don't know uh whoa
okay you need to deal with your
aggression need to deal with your anger
issues the meters got anger issues
Theodore had a fight a fight the light
all right mrs. it is time to wine and
dine oh let's go have you seen any air
passes hmm we do a step-over
Oh have you seen my muffin my muffin man
have you seen ah
Oh see you tomorrow mm-hmm hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
