Anna his test driving an automatic car
oh my god and we blew in their right
mind would drive Oh Jonathan
not funny
good morning again boop-boop
my little friendly friend but we got but
if you got don't put it behind your back
let's give her some Cal Paul after night
in a rough night and I will tell you the
story about the yeah
her mommy Wolfpack adventure they gotta
made a blue one today
that's a decaf familiar sitting in there
she claimed up you want to be will mommy
when you're sick yeah wanna play this is
this thank you have a safety thing on me
a dolly what you mini Amelia this is
mini Amelia oh we're like you know when
you're sick he get to sleep in mom and
dad's bed so funny though cause I put
again there and she all she wanted to do
is come up here but she's never even
know we're quiet don't we should be off
causing mayhem oh poor thing
it's your party tomorrow kind of a
snotty party it's not party everyone's
in all aboard
bar one who's you can right you're okay
you okay I'm fine you know you geez
alright be bitch be whoa driving along
now mommy won't be like I said some of
these puppies with me we're going to go
and get us some food cuz we got up a big
party tomorrow I know people yeah
tomorrow
Oh what I was gone
hey guys Wisconsin what's up what's up
back there look what you guys over the
party look what oh look you guys
remember that back in the rave days
Jojo shows up well sorry so this is the
little things the days are made up look
the little pepper it's so cute
oh my god we do at asteroid okay huh Oh
No now you can come to the party so cute
lookin dude he's so cute it's such a
good idea huh yeah
you okay hmm
so uh organizing a babysitter because I
don't really want to take her your love
seems to do and I don't want to take
Amelia outside or she's good she is sick
I don't her to get another who was sick
and then she's not sick I don't want to
you know never bring a red it'll prolong
the thickness but him Eric is gonna come
over and look after you she's gonna come
over and look after you while we go
outside babysitter has arrived with
crunchy what it's empty
you're fired you want to be good for the
babysitter oh that was like a dance
party feel free to rub your snots all
over this nice floor here yeah whoo
going into circle the dance circle need
some lino on the floor here what
people coming oh just something up let's
go there's no one there
in Decatur there's somebody on he's
moving Lane he's moving man all working
together job job
until huh oh my god I've never been the
passenger in a car since living in Cork
this is good guys look this is still
good here this is no good Tesco show you
guys around the dogs are getting groomed
right now we're gonna see and a half
lucky and see if I can see them I was
very traumatic
you know
yeah and a bit of speeder they get the
kind of like holy crap you see I did say
forever but like I'm in Flores and I'm
the water not even like kill us all
I'm like okay I go wah missing dragon
are those awaits me I'm Jill fertile me
oh my bring it forth the hell are we
ready follows that listen follow that
spider oh my god you're driving past
Elysium and you feel about that get
excited now we're taking a slip road
left your program yeah yeah yeah
you noticed way
all right we're and we're staying on the
left or staying on the left lane here
yeah into the left lane here bingo bingo
bango drove to the PIO box
although into town that was really
stressful especially with everything
going on I'm immediately parked right
now so I have to careful there's so much
to think about when you're driving huh
I know it's a practice though because
every time I get in the car like I feel
more confident you know like every time
I don't get in the car I don't practice
the next time that I get in I feel less
confident so I just need to get used to
it
but um
yes I was helping him
Oh Connie okay this dad this is a funny
one here it's very tight the cool
graffiti wall whoa the pity wall we
should actually write saucony Joanie's
news wall at some point penico uh nope
nope carry on just keep your eyes peeled
I'm not even a yield just peeled now
we're taking a right-hand turn here oh
do something I've been done Sam I got it
all right whoa she's he totally looked
at me like how are you - hey cut me off
I said sorry okay he's gone you then you
go do it do it do it do it good
he's confused now thank you
you're not a lightweight point of the
rules of the road is you're not LED wave
and somebody lets your edge did not I
take your hands off the steering wheel
actually started come and people are
saying about doing the thing where you
cross your hand or something steering
and it's like oh my god you've failed in
an instant in our end anyway I know it's
like for the rest of the world you have
to keep your hands at a 10 to 2 distance
and it's not practicing right action
hang out but both hands have to be at a
tentative position and you cannot let
your hands off the steering wheel ever
even if your car stays on fire
nice about you oh look a catedral whoo
we got we got like everything this is
gonna be epic it's gonna be epic doing
Anna his test driving an automatic car
oh my god
oh who in their right mind would drive
Oh Jonathan I'm not funny
Hey oh you just changed gear again nice
job the GT automatics I've had nur come
on just drive right into the trailer no
I mean I actually feel so like I could
do anything I don't know I just feel
like I could just take this car right
now just drive home to drive any I don't
want the beetle anymore that they want
to drive but I know they're gonna has
parking sensors and everything on it so
like parks itself and armed are you
serious it's this easy you Americans are
so lucky why did I ever move haha I
blame my parents all right stop right
here stick her in reverse
basically just move this knob up are you
serious like that's it
never cut there oh my god this is so
like what the hell hey no no no Oh
poplars media is it so good oh yeah she
made them they could have a pillow or
something
good tomorrow
yeah yeah just in case ya know cuz all
the kids stuff the first thing they ask
for the dogs gonna be there I get
everybody all aboard
hey stop humping her something to home
baby here I one thing in oh my goodness
me crazy day what are you getting home
now
Amelia is not getting dressed today it
would seem you had an awesome date with
the babysitter um we got the supplies
this is our party favorite stuff we
ordered like a million balloons did you
have fun tell me tell me tell me the
truth yeah just when I figured well easy
go we need to go to Alma's house you
guys want to sneak peek at the cake no
it's a surprise no looking well he can't
even see anything
and that's actually made a real peppa
pig's Galway pigs oh cool and instead
what you gonna paint all different
colors so for that
okay Emma's busy too I did I did you a
temperature check with the coder that
wasn't you worried angry separatism I do
it again I might give her careful oh
yeah she does evening if it happens it's
kind of me so if you just got rid of
Califano dress day huh yeah you're one
now just don't need to get dressed
anymore only only people under when you
get dressed he met right hey no she's
still in a great humor like you know
what's going on here yes you look super
joy
we know the toys are in here do we hmm
where are they
where's your toys where's the toys huh
where the toys so one of you guys sent
Amelia a book which I remember getting
when I was little while I was a lot
bigger than a media but nice to see
their husband Oh
anyways it's this book the new baby and
I it's to teach kids about um you know
basically having a new brother or sister
now the little girl in this is probably
as old as I was I was like 4 and my
sister came along so it was kind of a
shock but amelia is obviously gonna be a
lot smaller so she most likely won't
have we got a home for Albie problem but
but I should might I mean she jealous
and that's normal that's fine but um
it's just so cute that she got sent that
book and I had that book when I was
little and it's still obviously going
strong so
and then she also got some Peppa Pig
bows woohoo and the dogs got Peppa Pig
bandannas or is up the gun oh yeah are
like an extra G neckerchiefs yeah so for
the party tomorrow we're and put them
all on and they're gonna be the
entertainment so I wanted to get all the
supplies for the party oh my goodness I
have to get a product over there's no
way I can carry all this defective the
car I gave me a giant list I forget they
have to feed people and then drink
people we don't drink people huh yeah we
become a river drank a person but begs a
different question folks coke or diet
coke coke coke this is so funny but I
just wanted to address it because um it
was kind of annoying me and then it was
I could tell was kind of annoying
Jonathan as well so I saw a couple
comments that were like saying that
Jonathan edits me a certain way or tries
to make out like he's the better parent
or something like that and that he edits
he deletes my footage or something that
he edits me out of the vlog I just
wanted to point out that that's
completely ridiculous it's so not true
at all
the fact is that I spend most of the
time honestly with Amelia like I am I
spend about like I don't know like 80%
70% of that time with her yeah probably
like 7080 percent and then Jonathan
spends the other like 20 30 % with her
um he looks after everything else like
with regards not my channel but with
regards like the vlogs and the editing
and everything true however he has to
work with whatever footage I give him
and we both have separate cameras and
his footage he always has okay Riku
he always has a whole lot more footage
than me because he's the vlogger like I
he didn't start the daily vlogs heated
so it's kind of his thing my channel is
my thing you guys know how sporadic
those videos can be because I'm like
number one I am a mom I look after
Amelia that's like my number one
priority so if I don't blog that like
there's so much that you guys won't see
because either I forget to vlog or I
just don't have time to blog like a lot
of times Jonathan blogs himself with
Amelia because he's doing something fun
or a novelty or you know interesting
words I do a lot of the basic mundane
tasks um I know that for example there's
like a misconception that he changes all
her nappies which is completely not true
I would say that it's probably about
half and that's only the only reason
that started up is because I was doing
all the feeding in the beginning and so
it was really tough on me because that's
I was doing all the night feeds and
everything so he took on the role of
nappy changing but as she got older and
everything it became totally more evened
out because obviously she's not being
breastfed as much and it wasn't as
taxing on me at all so I don't care
about changing nappies so just to clear
that up okay I change her nappies I mean
if I didn't well then she would have a
full nappy like every all the time
because Jonathan isn't always here and
he's extremely good at what he does um
but I think I'm good at what I do like I
take on the role of the mom like I look
after her majority of the time and it's
just that I I'm not a vlogger I'm not as
good of a vlogger as Jonathan is like
for sure so I don't vlog everything and
I don't think of things and as well if
I'm doing like basic mundane tasks like
cleaning or changing her or even like
playing with her and stuff I don't think
to take it the camera like I just I'm
not like that I just do things and then
go oh oops I probably should have logged
that or I don't even think about
vlogging it so I just wanted to put that
out there that it's not Jonathan's fault
if you guys think that I'm like the bad
parent or something
it's probably just because I don't give
enough footage to him and he can only
work with what he has
so please don't think that he tries to
manipulate the vlogs in any way he
doesn't okay there's a lot of stuff that
you guys don't see and there's a lot of
stuff that happens off-camera and I will
try and be better at vlogging but at the
end of the day Jonathan is amazing and
where's the drink dangerous
she called minerals bizzy's no nobody
calls the mineral it was a joke somebody
yeah old people no um Ryder
yeah it's fighter month
oh so Amelia and I ate okay
I mean I already ate maybe that could be
my dessert huh you enjoying that hmm
everyone's enjoying it and Anna's in
charge dipping out the sauces ha ha
everyone gets one even me here got would
enjoy that friend you're the best
yeah yeah I think so I should try to
make the way back from war look at the
hand there's bandage see there's a cute
boy on this is a cute boom get away I
hate boys Ausmus yep oh my goodness this
is going to be an off-the-wall party
folks we are going to have a celebrate
Ohno your hero's celebrations it's gonna
be mental we're gonna eat nachos popcorn
this is gonna be crazy it's gonna be off
the whoo you guys see this thing did you
show them the thing with the does if we
got an X 1 we got one in for the cake as
well isn't it though I think oh my
goodness make sure to tune in tomorrow
for the
I'll expect you all here brighten their
day two o'clock
well we'll say six o'clock just come on
cease and we'll see you guys tomorrow
it is going to be epic oh my goodness
what do you see the balloons and this is
like the most catered most epic most
amazing Peppa Pig party in the history
of the world ever happy I think it is
happy happy
guinness you over to catch up they'll
get center yeah nice one Zaza ketchup
catsup here
oh good night doodles hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
