oh hi husband wagging she doesn't know
when they do laughs right
hello and welcome to another fantastic
episode hi hi you have any good day so
far how's your day going come on come on
it's showing around Michelle put your
shoulder no be your head on my shoulder
tell me about it
even in the comments I'm here for you
I'm here for your hug hug hug the
Comintern friend you stay out all day
when I cook a friend I don't know how
you hug someone in the club but
everyone's just everyone should just hug
each other ok hater we're building our
first LEGO creation or makeup look we
went with the unisex version so in case
we have a boy we're all set
pink pink pink pink hey you can play
with that ok mm-hmm do you like it good
girl I'm gonna put some more blocks on
just a quick bit of it oh good girl you
want to put it back on good girl so I
got the coffee's I don't know how those
chocolate and plain butter across arms
ended up in my ownership if you could
bring one thing back from the past the
one thing that's all you can do just
reach back and grab one thing what would
it be what would you bring back from the
past I got it I got it ok so when I was
growing up right myself my brother my
sisters all of us right my grandmother
made all of us a toy like a teddy bear
kind of thing and I had a lamb and a
rabbit and I
lamzy and rabbit when my parents went
you're like a bit of a crazy divorce and
stuff and they sold up all the assets
and everything and the help my family
home was gone and everything's gone you
know but during that process somehow
lamzy and rabbit got lost now I have no
idea where they are I've tried looking
at my mom's on my house and my dad's
doing something I've never been able to
find and you know sometimes I'm like I
know it's stupid and I'm an object
sometimes you think about the poor
little lambs in rabbit or out in the
cold somewhere or they're on the dump
site or something like that and it's
like it's my little lumpy and rabbit
that is what I would like to go into the
past
and bring them here now so I could hold
on to them and then I could show them to
Amelia and be like look this is this is
mom this is dad's like toys and he was
younger and watching really a play with
them and stuff like that you know around
me used to make clothes for living
everything like you have like you know a
little like jumpers and tops and we go
over to our head school my grandmother
was like a seamstress so you go over to
her house he like make clothes and shine
like a sticky thing I mean the sewing
stitcher yeah and you've like we'd
always like make well you could do
whatever you want I'm not very creative
I just went off what are you doing you
have to back off oh no she she does it
anyway
actually yeah she loves it though
actually they're being quite good
they're not stealing her this is her
temporary um shelf because we need to
get a shelf for there but we haven't got
that yet so I put her little bookends on
her books on this tool for the rocking
chair
we're actually so exhausted from
yesterday and then um Amelia woke up
kind of early this morning for some
reason
so and then her parties on Saturday I'm
like oh and Jonathan's gone all day
tomorrow
moving out my cousin who is doing all
the sweets and the cake and everything
he's picking her up from Galway so and I
think I'm staying here and the dogs are
getting groomed tomorrow as well and
today we still have to send out her
invitation like we have them all sent to
people living in Cork but then people
living it I mean everybody knows that it
it's just like a formality thing but I
mean we got them all printed out and
everything so yeah do you have a little
curl coming oh that's cute I wonder he's
gonna have curls mommy and daddy met
curls so maybe you will I think it's a
possibility
just find some stems for a medium
invitations
to pierce them
so I also I also picked up another bid
for Amelia cuz we kind of needed to
anyway because we use it like time you
know the plastic one
the Tommee Tippee one she loves this
doll here one her doll before I know we
know but she's never had a dog she got
this doll as a president and you know
Suzanne got it for her because she
thought it looked like Amelia and
somebody actually one of you guys had
tweeted me a picture of this doll was
like doesn't this look like a media and
she got her that doll look with the bow
and the two bottom teeth and everything
she's just like talking to it and
playing with it so now she can put her
in her stroller as well like the Peppa
Pig stroller anyway so I got it this is
well just cuz I saw it there it was like
Tommee Tippee is like the best brand I
think for you know like cups and bibs
and like bulls and he was like that I
find anyway but this is for twelve
months plus and it's an insulated truly
non-spill cop but look it's like
different to the regular you know it's
like an a.1 up from what she had and it
has no handles so she'll learn how to
use like a an actual cup cuz most
glasses
you know don't have handles elevator
party what do shiny metal depends their
reflection which is gonna like America
it is so funny thing it's like so humid
and hot yeah I hate that you know you
have to wear a coke you should like it's
kind of cold but then it's like muggy
you guys hold on to the doll fight her
but when her beau he's in love her oh my
god she just find our first toy but I
have to do a test I think I don't know
how many why are we going away we
couldn't shoot a makeup section oh yeah
oh yeah I see your plans a second
elevator party me the menu I know what I
want standard let's get some copies
let's check out then espresso bar oh my
god Christmas Christmas it's like we got
off the elevator Christmas vanilla
caramel pretty happy probably thinking
to yourself how much coffee that person
by I do like it it's cool I think it
looked really good not like that sparkly
and stuff when she's announced that she
comes out at the party yeah we get a
matching on for your dolly okay yeah
bocce's hey friends wondering where mom
is
billboard are getting a shade test on a
shade test I think it's something to do
with sunglasses or something
whoa my favorite place in the world huh
if you think gonna get some dollies and
makeup to make a Pagani
oh so we're we had planned everything
that we were gonna have in grand Tom and
the left remember we were driving the
mega talked about it they were like oh
it's cash only today we're like there's
no machines like in the building or
anything like I mean we would have had
to traipse all the way there the other
thing was that we got the Nespresso
capsules which I thought she like had at
us two machines she did was like huge
bags because you get so many like we
bought so many of them you bought enough
coffee for everybody in the audience
yeah well we're having a party smell a
coffee party all the kids on the
espresso or not tomorrow
I'm sorry imagine giving all the kiddos
know their own private restaurant didn't
see just you and me on a date I
huh
taken out of a big girl's cups
she didn't get it at all in the
beginning in there she's like you see
like really little apartment
nespresso hall imagine espresso Hall
there are these silly ones all right
where's it
what are wick all right so we got this
thing okay this the glass collection
that looks cool I told him let's check
better and here's our oh my goodness
we're never going to run out of coffee
again oh oh goodness look at this look
at the flavor just decaf O's for any
notes that's for Nina's the rest are for
me oh yeah oh there are very cozy mm-hmm
all right let's plot this over let's
just put all of it all of it in one go
oh my goodness that's gonna last a while
nice and this thing is well I need to
set this thing up anyway pop good
morning again my little friendlies
friend huh one year in one day when
you're in one day huh what do you reckon
I'm gonna come downstairs tonight I'm
cooking lasagna let me tell you some
lasagna have you got Mike asleep in love
with her dolly
do you love your dolly por tu if she
really liked pulled out the bowl
oh me Leah's got little sniffles
arranged for my be sick for her party
don't get sick for your party
you're sending text messages oh oh oh
you see we did is Ana's decaf and that's
for Ana's lattes that's what she is
that's my like sort of midday and
evening coffee and that's my morning
wake-up coffee isn't it cool oh so we
have a little bit of a problem Amelia
has a runny nose and she's pretty much
had it all day oh hi husband she doesn't
know any good laughing right
hi Tammy anyways do you guys see it
honey can't see it right now but how are
you watching your video he's reading
comments she brought up the comments on
her happy birthday video you reading
colonel yes anyways she looks fine and
she is acting fine and normal and happy
but her nose has seen running and she's
been sniffing me and I think she puts
temperature change the keeps changing it
keeps getting like freezing cold and
then like really warm and muggy again
during the day and then at night it gets
super excuse me cold and so last night
she took off her PJ pens so I have to
put her in onesies all the time or like
you know baby grows go go baby grow but
yeah she took off her pants last night
so then when she woke up she was
freezing like her bottom half was
freezing so I'm just praying that she's
not sick for her party on Saturday I
mean I know it's two days away so it's
okay it should be okay but I just don't
know like I've never had a child before
so I don't know what the protocol is I
don't really know what to do like I
don't want to unnecessarily give like
Medicaid her but at the same time I
don't want her to be sick for her party
and I don't definitely don't want her to
get other kids sick
so we'll see what happens
I could pick the chick corny and let the
cooling and the ciccone enmity jealous
sauce would you like some chicken in
here what utila just that you know if
you would like to go out on a date with
Joe oh don't tell my wife that I just
said making an espresso not change and
it comes to happiness okay no until I
tell so Media is asleep I'm really hope
she's gonna be a it's gonna be okay for
her birthday
that's my blog and my dad I was just
like get her in the back minimal time
between the bag the pajamas into bed
and she's like fast asleep now we're
having ourselves and lash a funny party
because there's so much coffee to choose
from so guys thanks so much for
everybody that tweeted happy birthday
and left all those comments yesterday in
the vlog and you know everyone's just
being like crazy like an Instagram
Facebook and Twitter Tumblr YouTube
whatever other platforms you know it's
just leaving like in San it's really
funny I've seen dad's like I actually
felt like it was my birthday because
nobody can contact Emilia directly so
they have to say it either me or Ana and
it's just like flutter the response just
like so overwhelming and it's like you
guys really care about it's really cool
it's really cool
leave like you get it hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
