there's there's the movie you see it's
it's the feeder to the left
jumpin right
everything's coming together okay so I
still want to get some things but that
can wait because the pack the party
actually isn't until Saturday and I just
keep getting like my head is like all
confused because her birthday's tomorrow
but then the party Saturday so I have to
like prioritize you know for what I need
to get organized although I think we
need to let the caterers know today
about want we want and stuff because I
think they said to give four days notice
and that would be today right or am I
wrong then I need to make her cake so I
need to get all the ingredients for a
cake and make it for tomorrow morning
because my parents or while it was
really my mom but like my parents when I
was growing up had this tradition of
every morning when you come down in the
morning of your birthday your place like
where you sit at the table we'd have
like on your presents and there'd be the
cake and the candles and everything and
you weren't a leg down like from your
room until everything was ready and so
it was just really exciting and I really
want to do that for Amelia I always just
think that that is a really nice memory
to have of your birthday and it's kind
of sad that like when you move out of
home well Jonathan it does a good job
now but like for me I'm given it but if
it's gonna sad when you move out a home
because you don't get that anymore it's
like you know that's kind of when you
miss living at home I think she's just
discovered there's an echo one hand good
girl
King care okay there you have a brake
caliper let me just get that a lens hood
a brake caliper and the lens hood and a
box of Lego you're obsessed with the
LEGO Friends around you that's a win
it's an exploit or wing
you guys remember Anna got me down for
Christmas about two years ago or
something at you member that my goodness
so that wasn't long before you around
friendliest friend you guys wearing your
white tee and down jeans today it's
national white TMG day check it out
whitey denim jeans look at that crack
and then we say our you know we finish
each other sentences hi we're your 40
appointment weird uh Ciccone Joanie's
you know eight the Millers I mean the
dogs it is nuts
scenario why not oh goodness uh-oh what
to you is a cool problem this time
probably this time and day last year we
were driving in here was it for
apocalypse
okay well it's ten to one now
we were actually driving in here to book
in for our induction and then today
we're coming here to book in officially
officially booking last time was like an
early scan this is like our official
booking appointment it's not crazy on
the same day that we booked in
production it's the same day year later
that we're booking it officially to have
a second baby that was good timing on
your behalf well done
nice job where's Jason are you Oh No oh
no like we could bring her in in the
stroller and hope that she stays asleep
what do you think we try it just cause
like success whispering this is empty
you don't have to share your toys today
friend uh-huh that's toys dinosaurs
to me about their weight you have to see
your little friend okay
there's there's me but you see it's it's
you want we just can't just get twins of
these it's all we need
oh yeah bell pepper I see
is there a pepper cake option hater
buddy you just standing around don't be
don't be don't be a loiter looks you
loitering loitering around move along
now move along there now no loitering no
I love this little selection selection
isn't it oh my god guys what'd she think
of the baby standing it was very active
it was so active comes pretty you could
see like the legs and Everton it was
like whoa yeah it was like oh my
goodness I know and it's so funny
because we actually got em that's why I
asked to have a fester I asked him I was
like can i film just a little bit us
because we recorded Amelia at 12 weeks
we gotta know the trouble for it yeah
I'm this light you know Hospital the new
buddy give me Brendan so we gotta be
fair Zeos it's so crazy that today was
induction a I have a one-year-old 4
o'clock oh my goodness you just went in
come on let's go have a baby oh my
goodness you're not gonna get your goods
into the bag between a clue and then
you're sitting there and you're putting
the drip onto you're like oh my god
whatever you do you have no idea what's
happening like I heard we could look at
the window the crossroads
beforehand to say goodbye yeah yeah I
don't even know what my mom I know it's
so crazy I saw her like a happy I know
and now it's like tomorrow like I'm
celebrating like my daughter's first
birthday we have a child birthday
tomorrow
I know we've celebrated plenty of Daleks
birthdays but this is like our first
human child's birthday yeah
they are one actor age Amenia actor age
huh huh let's go to repeal box and hope
the ribbon is in yeah is that the only
thing left Oh a cake topper and the
ribbon and then we need to go in cuz I'm
just gonna make this tonight for
tomorrow morning yeah no but you're
making this tonight yeah nice all right
folks let's go skadoosh finally oh my
god this stuff arrived
fermius party look into the cake pop
toppers our sticks
sorry not toppers I'm the cake topper
let's see what the cake topper it looks
like I'm so excited so I can't actually
show you guys the cake topper cuz I have
to use my both hands to hold it because
it's one that has two sticks and then
like flies on its kind
it's good whatever ribbon but the ribbon
Dean I don't think so I can't really see
if I'm happy when we get home but anyway
these are the cake pop sticks how cute
so they're Peppa pig's ones you know
when she was a fairy princess and so you
stick them into the cake pops which are
gonna be pink and then they're little
cute ones they're sparkling I love these
they're so cute I wish I could show me
the cake topper anyways we could see in
a couple of day use it see it
yes Sunday Sunday's vlog yes wanna see
how much you guys spoil her she has
fallen asleep with presents she has
fallen asleep looking at presents
there's toys everywhere here next fall
asleep clutching these well things
what the heck oh my goodness a there's
no family
oh you're so cute come on friend let's
go
time for school time for school huh good
morning again
Oh would you get there friend oh you
should you will one your friendliest
friend your one a one year old oh my
goodness talk about something else
good now for ourselves we're just like
walking by everything that was pink up a
delicious like throw it throw it
this isn't all my god large if a pig was
forbidden Russian slices how many times
have we been honored by Russian spies
how much is when I just put them in here
okay
nobody needs to discuss it with mom
she's down there oblivious oblivious to
the fact that we just stopped in
different places you want to want to
blog and test girlfriend you go there
you go
buthe that what you got there huh you
ready for a free birthday present
who's this oh she's standing she's just
standing around those things shakers
yeah they'll make her stand because the
two hands are occupied yeah
so she'll stand it was good she just
didn't go go finally arrived
7 million days too late come on Martin
so is there next thing we're going to
try out no it's broken
there's a next thing you try out I think
we're the next thing we're going we're
going back to Bali hora and I think we
got an extra man this time so there's
gonna be three of us that's gonna be
more fun the more the merrier I want to
test it out though I'm gonna try it see
what it looks like the other day we did
it was really good when we filmed it and
stuff but I really like to try this
helmet-cam thing I think is really cool
because it's real POV like you know it's
really my point of view as you know you
can kind of look or an answer
it smells me funny because in the
envelope that it arrived it had a tea
bag bag it was like a scented tea bag we
can open up when I was like this is a
funny smelling cameraman what do you huh
nipping around the house with a little
thingy
whoa I'm not sure if doctor that's
supposed to work I'm not sure if that is
really out I'd supposed to work
the violence yeah
you know datas meatball day I don't know
why it's meatball day but it's be partly
because this monster is craving meat
meat and sausages all right so we're
making some make the bola with some
organic organic to Mewtwo's sittin y'all
I didn't check them up so my eyes are
still functioning that's it son
all right meatballs in the bed as I know
looks like cheese but it's not garlic
garlic and onion just salt garlic and
onion it's smell is incredibly amazing
amazing love it so much I'm say never to
mix the two garlic and onion yeah are
they saute them separately like oh okay
and even better smell is fried beef wit
onions and garlic um all right riding
they're organic
one part of organic it's a spicy meat
the Borella are you ready for a spicy
meatball oh oh a bit
look we have for the bath time tonight
bad sponge hamburger what is it
okay let's see she is look what out to
happen got restocked restock under high
knees please Donna Heinie's gives me
orange ease yeah that's what I'm talking
about yeah I don't even I don't even
know what you're talking about you know
what I'm talking about I'm talking about
my honey honey honey looks good got it
got it got it get it we think your first
people experience now you're almost a
grown-up that's gonna happen tomorrow
morning when you wake up are you
prepared for that the epicness of
tomorrow so this is it I'm using the
spicy one because this is all I have
left today I ended up using the pork
which was actually really good the long
ago the long coats are pretty good as
well but I'm still gonna buy the
espresso we need to bite on Omar's I
have no more coffee
I am coffee less what I'm gonna try this
is the an Indian spice one
oh well they look spicy and it's gonna
bake a cake cake baker it's obviously
like isn't it so cute that like not like
media like goes up too bad now then you
come down you like bake her a cake and
we lay out all her presents for the
morning and all it's so exciting isn't
it
so many as in bed and I am baking her
birthday cake it's like half past nine
Jonathan is watching while we're both
watching the dome and I'm what I'm
baking her basically is I decided to cuz
I looked at the recipe for the pig thing
and it involves like roll out coloured
row layout icing and I couldn't get my
hands on any colored version of that so
I just decided to instead go with
something like this except in a big form
so I'm gonna do some kind of like a
princess or just like a pink and girly I
don't know I'm gonna make it up as I go
along but I'm basically just doing a
massive cupcake cake like this that's my
big top cupcake silicone bakeware which
I use for my mom's birthday cake as well
and I think they look pretty cool so I'm
gonna do that for Amelia and it's gonna
be super pink and fun and hopefully
it'll turn out okay so here's all my
ingredients okay so my cupcake has just
gone in my giant cupcake that's the top
and that's the bottom
I'm going to bake them for 35 minutes
and in 50 minutes for the bottom second
time
so this is what they look like they're
finished that's just it's not actually
the cake that's Britain it's the bits I
splashed at those lights so that's the
bottom that's the top and they all have
to leave them to cool for about 15
minutes before and then I need to leave
them to cool completely before I
actually ice them or frost them
hopefully it over to wait too much
longer it says perfection
face the top they're still quite hot
though so I think I might make the icing
now and then maybe like frost it in the
morning because um I'm not sure if it
will the cathode 11 o'clock so yeah I
think I just want it close by hit so I
might just make that and then frost it
in the morning and that's it I'm so
excited
do you guys want to see her place for
the morning I wrapped all her presents
we got one more today so this is what
her place looks like for when she comes
down it's so exciting
Amelia Thomasina and all her little
Peppa paint characters are here and then
I'll put her cake here probably so
tomorrow will be her first birthday I'm
so like emotional just thinking about it
and theme at the fact that this time
last year I was in hospital getting
induced it's crazy so I will see you
guys tomorrow for Amelia's birthday
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
