this is Peter Rabbit did he just wink
this is his garden just arrived to save
your home come on you need a hero Peter
Rabbit you guys ready
have you got your right equipment on let
me see turn around Amelia has her bag on
and Edoardo sweating if she was coming
by guys we have some questions who is
your favorite character in your Peter
Rabbit movie yeah Benjamin and Peter and
what about mr. McGregor is he scary
what's Peter rabbits favorite food
you've got bunny ears on your one just
like your wing just like your way
mommy's here as well are we ready boys
and girls all right slow and ready come
on down what is this oh my goodness look
at the giant carrots look everybody all
right boys and girls are you ready Gator
on your mark get set
Peter rapid Steiger activity book a
raincoat Eduardo a t-shirt shirt
what's these guys what it talks
oh my goodness
oh my goodness guys did you get
everything oh boy oh my goodness
thankful Kaveri this little chocolate
a summers day we'll take a shell
little maze to please the plow
good morning who's the queen of the
castle and these are her subjects I'm
joking you're all queens and kings and
princes and guess you made cookies last
night who's that
so yeah is that brother she's that
brother it is isn't it yeah holidays
yeah we go back this summer term summer
term when you go back to school I mean
when you come back to school no not
today
after Easter holidays when you go back
to school it's gonna be summer how mad
is that why yeah oh good you guys have
to go before Leslie gets here quickly
the baby's gonna make it the baby shall
escape sick she's laughing away
last day of school
like an icy stare waving us all off by
Alessia you can come soon she's waving
yeah here we go folks the last school
run before the holidays she's not joking
are you gonna you gonna miss all your
friends maybe Eduardo you need to hand
out all the invitations for your
birthday party today and the meeting you
need to say cheerio to all your friends
because we're going on an adventure when
I've got a while and when we get back
from the adventure term ends so the kids
rocks go for like a month Wednesday for
quite a while all right
is it I mean it's not exactly what okay
you excited media the TV guys you have
mass Tula just before we're getting on
an 11 hour plane you have mastered
crawling that's gonna be fun
hello Hey
and there's not going through my
wardrobe for deciding what's right in
time and I bring could you pack my bag
please
I asked on Twitter by the way how you
follow this shirt and not getting
company everyone said you roll it up
yeah I know I don't know that's what
everyone said I grow on the shirts you
worked in Ralph Lauren you tell me
that's why I asked you the tissue thank
you it's just some annoying just so
annoying I'm gonna have to get them
there and that's it baby Thanks
I am NOT gonna lie this was a lot more
work than I kind of realized for maybe
it's just cuz I'm pregnant
I think if I weren't pregnant I probably
wouldn't be like you know nice tired or
out of breath but I've got a media's
done like her clothes anyway not
anything else but her clothes which is
like the bulk of you know what we need
kind of feeling a little bit overwhelmed
because I only have one child done and I
still have two more to go we've got I
really need to get my packing list guys
cuz this is kind of like ridiculous I'm
just need to you know so these are the
two travel outfits this is the one for
our that you know coming home because
they're like cropped leggings we're
gonna be leaving like a hot country so
it's kind of different but then I've got
these for her to change into whereas the
leaving one is like
leggings particular length sleeves and
the jumper and like you know it's a bit
different so to travel outfits and then
we've got a number of other things ten
other outfits so with maybe like one or
two extra tops I realized that she has
run out of pajamas that are her size in
like summer Ajanta so I kind of made up
some of them like are just you know just
comfy shorts that she had unlike old
t-shirts and like not old t-shirts but
like oversized t-shirts I think she only
owned oh she's got more some questions
yes Alessia has like twelve swimming
costumes or something like it's insane
immediate just grown okay so this is age
six but as far as I can remember this is
kind of small so like compared to these
like this is age six right and so is
this one yeah that's not going to work
nevermind that was short-lived right so
I pretty much have everything that I
need I think when I go to my packing
list I'm gonna double check but I think
this is everything close wise and then
obviously those shoes which are
downstairs which I'm gonna get right now
hopefully fingers crossed misses it and
then I've obviously put bows aside I
need to get hair ties as well so there's
just so much more than squeeze in here
oh no oh no Jessica do you promise not
to be crazy are you going to be crazy oh
my goodness you guys are gonna be crazy
oh boy what's happened in here why
what's all these little excuse me
there's dogs here see oh look it's like
Alessia growing up it's gonna be like
unless Ephrem enough Jessica's Alessia
grown up oh my goodness guys I just got
an email if accept their offer in the
house oh my goodness I'm gonna go tell
her that just means I think we bought a
house oh my goodness we're going away
we're about to get in a plane to the
other side of the world I think we just
bought a house you up I just got her
Nima they accepted the offer
no way yeah yeah email I think I didn't
want open the email that I was like but
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter it's
not gonna work out and he was like
hiding it back to you yeah he'll accept
your offer
and I was like like seriously I'm soaked
I just like oh yeah I forgot sorry about
that dude and then we'll go away yeah I
came for kissing time oh oh
again this Oh oh it's so outside today
all day I was I was fighting the rowing
guys hey I know cuz I actually told
Louise about it and then I was like when
I was anybody's talking about I know how
everybody every social creature I'm a
social creature but then the minute I
saw her I was like oh shoot in the
Toleration instead to anything I don't
know how long it's gonna take guys to
get everything sorted but a long time
which mean I wanted to stop oh no no no
no I mean like just it doesn't matter
the minute we get the legal stuff done
and the the money and everything pay for
it and thing as soon as we got the key
just like we're not moving
what no no moving in yeah but when we
get the keys we can go there and be like
God she got a new house and then we can
like well yeah yes and I think this guy
is here right at all everything else
goes quick though with the legal stuff
and everything like oh man could you be
in like a month
no you know we said like birthday
Jonathan
unless his birthday we could have a less
use birthday I haven't even started
packing Oh
back away oh no it's even worse and you
get an aeroplane
