the things that you have to put inside
just made me think about like my kids
and the pictures on the front and
everything and oh my god anyway
my life on the school run going today
please the ringing okay Missy cackles
thank you go good morning everybody we
are off on a school run and it is cold
like winter today but it's kind of
exciting because what happens in winter
guys oh oh oh what do you guys want for
Santa Claus this year
what's that only presents for dads well
we're escaped what you have Christmas
right now buddy
Alabama alpha at pictures like me let's
not eat all the air cookies abelian okay
I think we can rustle that up Amelia
Christmas a night back and it's got some
coloring sure but that has got our own
Elsa and the roller skate roller skates
what color and it comes with some brakes
so I because I is fully my first time
doing
I have you have a present for me but it
only at Christmas it's in the base I've
obeyed that changes its race you with
that well we're at the wall you leave
the wall and the snails and everyone
else alone please come on
I'm never getting to school
Johnathan's gone out on a run and I just
filmed my five and six months maybe
upstate with a mess yeah
and she was so like jumpy and fancy for
the whole thing was so cute
you're a cutie pie aren't you oh did you
buy it you so we're gonna go downstairs
and have some lunch now okay guys so
Amelia came home yesterday with this um
package but sorry not packaged what am I
saying brochure and it was a mustard
seed kept from what it's called
charities like mustard seed charity or
donation or something like that and
basically what it is is this um it's
called love in a box and I think it's
for like children from like war-torn
countries and stuff which is so sad like
it makes like the the brochure like made
me want to cry like it was really really
sad I was looking through the stuff that
you have to put basically you put it's
for Christmas and you put inside this a
shoebox you have to put inside like toys
and like for older girls you can put in
like deodorant makeup and it just broke
my heart
like reading you know reading like the
kinds of things that you put in I'm
gonna start crying out oh my god I'm so
hormonal the things that you have to put
inside just made me think that like my
kids and the pictures on the front and
everything and oh my god
anyway cry um no just like the thought
of like children
I I can't watch like it's about stuff
like that on TV or I can't I just can't
handle it like or TV shows involving
children I just can't like might ever
since having kids like I can't do it
anymore
anyway we have so much stuff and we
don't need it and I always end up giving
it to like shelters here or like
charities but a lot of like makeup and
stuff like they won't take the shelters
will take them sometimes but like I just
saw that and I was like oh my god we
have
loads of toys that are sent to us we
have loads of makeup that's sent to us
and I really want to do this love and a
box thing for like every single age
group so I think there's four or like
maybe more than that there's like little
boy little girl and then like teenager
like 12 to 15 year old girl and 12 15
year-old boy
basically this wardrobe here it's fine
like it's full of like glass just it's
falling down that watching um full of
Alessia stuff but then there's a lot of
products up there in here it's full of
product like chock-full so I'm gonna do
a little bag or a big bag up and then
I'm gonna sort through it and see what
we can give okay this is only like not
even all of this stuff there's still
more in there and over there
okay keep going you're so cute so I'm
sweaty is those three flights of stairs
or two you go from the basement it's
three hey looks like absolutely
nothing's changed but it has all good
stuff from up here it's gone a lot of
this stuff from up here is also gone I
just kept all the products that she
would use it's pretty much empty I've
just got some candles in there which I
need to bring down and some resistance
buttons so that we can put her we can
put her and clothes and like blankets
and stuff in there I'm so sweaty okay
let's go to bed miss
just got my waxing done and oh I just
heard back from Don with him that unless
he was awake and she's meant to be
asleep um so I don't think she's gonna
go back to sleep if she's got like if
she's been got up then I don't think
she's gonna go back to sleep until I
feed her to sleep so that's kind of
annoying just because it's like bangs
smack in the middle of her nap time so
yeah I'm gonna have to rush home now and
try and get her back to sleep
got a sad face we do have a sad face hmm
when'd you have a sad face good morning
again my little friend this morning
right now for a run went out in a bike
if the bike needs to be oiled because
myself and so my friends from school
cover the other dads we are going to go
on this 33 mile intense crazy off-road
mountain experience but I haven't really
done much this summer so I need to go my
f fitness level back I'm really excited
it's gonna be fun huh it's a new
mountain challenge hmm it's a big one
but it's in like I think about a month's
time so I have a month to get it going
let's get the bike set whole bike friend
haven't seen no boyfriend in a while
well I went it's morning at the camera
with me but I see no light friend to
bring the vlog mix up went to the old
place I used to go should I golf course
and everything it's cool it was cool
was it cool was it cool
where's my smile is my flower very oh
car karaoke then I realized I'd get to
strike on my channel and copyright
removal and then that means either it's
a pink hundred percent sure not down
with the kids
pink remark she was really cool she made
that speech recently to her daughter
about her daughter said that she wasn't
pretty or something like that and then
she made this big speech when she won an
award I can't remember what kind of
warranty what one but you should YouTube
it 3dm well you don't need to be pretty
powerful no it's like she's stuck as
she's telling Mary how like she was
never that way either she's like do you
think I'm like there's something wrong
with me she was like no you're amazing
she's like well you're this exact same
with me you know like it's a really good
man it went viral a little bit like when
it first came out I forgot that a video
yesterday friends so it was a bit of an
abrupt ending over myself and out in the
car I know it's this morning when I was
editing it but we've been at all day
long at a birthday party just home did
you did Lobby and only as
banana-flavored Eduardo its banana a
banana lolli you cuz I got one damn
my makeup she said then I'd use it I
have good money
that's all I did okay anyway went to a
magic show party Amelia was part of the
magic show I mean it was a little magic
show helper very exciting anyway thanks
watch this situation hope you enjoy the
video please leave a like and a comment
hit the subscribe button Bai pupus
everybody
good bye
