all-you-can-eat ice cream all day long
you just just put your
get fire he likes ice cream
and they done
morning friend morning friend you got an
adventure today I'm gonna adventure
today
whatta help us do we're gonna and we're
gonna and we're all going on adventures
just separate adventures before we read
the Sorento I remember taking these
jeans off oh yeah I'm wearing jeans
right I remember taking these jeans off
before he went to Sorrento and sticking
on shorts and then we went to Sorento I
haven't actually worn long form pants
pantalones since Dan and today was the
first day I put them on I was like yes
any heating is on winter has arrived
well probably autumn alone all right
let's pop you up so funny look this is
her way she gets her in the house all
the time I think she loves to yeah this
thing is really cool for hanging on to
isn't it family your dad your ends hmm
you know that's not your bed right you
want to see your made-up bed huh what do
you want often many oh geez oh geez
hot cheese it's the pants the prego
pants these maternity pants were the
bane of my life last year because they
pick up everything they're really nice
but this is actually good for them they
have like a little bit of hair like
partly any hair usually they have like
they're almost white by the end of
wearing them because it is so hairy but
I'm back in them and sad is on at like
12 weeks and
anyways so we just dropped your media
often it's so sad I've made my mom and
my sister like this really long list of
things you know like her routine and
everything which I'm pretty sure it's
not gonna read she's not gonna stick to
it that's fine I just wanted them to
know to have something to fall back on
yeah she gets upset or something and I
brought like all these things she went
in her PJs delay didn't want her to have
breakfast before we go because it was
really and I just
I she usually has breakfast books
between like nine and ten so so I had
like I measured out all the milk from my
mom and I brought her two little
porridge pocket and I put in some little
snacks and like her banana it was like
she was going to school and then her
little love like rice cakes okay we
spotted it we spotted it there you go
it's huge huge isn't it you can see
people in it oh my goodness independence
on the sea I love it the size of it oh
my god oh my god it's like I've never
seen ice yeah I don't think I've ever
seen a boat that big in my life before I
mean okay that was scary
I probably would have crashed into that
car because I'm like whoa look at the
boat oh it's amazing oh my goodness look
at this monster it is so big isn't it
like when we eat it looked pretty big
when we were sitting in the car but now
this lady here
we have to walk a whole ship a little
munchkin are you crying you're crying
there they've got no signal which is a
bit of a problem here
I do like this is brighter Titanic duck
at one point ideal girl back there but I
was like me that it's an area here you
know we have a really important message
for two boys out there hi David hi Evan
you won't believe who I met with no
makeup on Marshall and she's a little
cupcake covering it looks like the
street
yeah it's like
permanently
for adults and children
and what did you try to bake the stuff
Oh same it is a rough sea like a safe
place is mentally big I'm the star walk
this actually feels like central Las
Vegas Hey first I'm gonna casino please
try gamble owes money more yes it's my
first time in like a big casino like
this no I'm gonna repeat the Las Vegas
so copy your eyes Andy it's the official
depositing copy area I know I've been
carrying effort it's so big isn't it
alright next meetup we're doing we're
getting in here whenever you go everyone
have to get on a cruiser look at that
it's so epic this is where you
sorted all the disputes onward just you
just basically fight it out that's how
it works that's over : let's go to the
window
it's no wonder check
is that the old Corp jail I think it is
it's not totally like sorrento in it you
can actually smell the actual we're next
I think I think Jesus did the wood on
Sun when waters did that smell
that's right
I was a bit colder this sunbathing in
County Cork not really the dumb thing
so all you can eat ice cream all day
long you just just look at it
looking out in there it's kind of like
Disneyland or something yeah look at
this one here right there's like a giant
screen sitting there so you can just sit
in the pool and watch like this giant
screen here that's mental isn't it
every crew just lounging the pool would
be nothing get five ice cream and they
done oh you really ever seen leaning
over like what it's Ohio that's cool
yeah running track and you guys ever
been on a cruise I've never been on
every part of a gun on a cruise before
in the college never be known for being
on miss Cruz we got more immediate
updates
and his mom rudder for a walk Adeena
irrigator or Emma
is there now you guys miss or to get a
free hat got a copy go and that's epic
oh it's heavy Islam yeah yeah shogen ok
so we were looking at the cupcake place
in the rear center the mommy-daughter
thing it's so cool that's the one thing
we were looking at was a cupcake made it
off the boat to ship sorry and even I
got in trouble for saying boat finally a
boat is what hangs off the side of a
ship
ah geez
grandpa's annulled rain so from one
giant ship to the next get in Lane well
they're just stop there there's a mic
there get in Lane folks we're going on
the next the tallest most grandest ship
in all the world are you ready for the
biggest ship experience your life we're
causing crossing the atlantic cork the
cork ocean all right this is quite
frightening going in these fairies
always like what the fairy moves are the
fairy moves at the exact moment that I'm
coming onto the ferry that will be very
scary I'll be very very very scary Oh
very huh
using media we want Amelia we want
Amelia is Amelia
well yeah hello friendliest friend no
Frank Mia's friend we came back did you
misses the amount of people I left
comments and said that they had this
actual foreign was insane you see that I
didn't have one
do you love it huh hello I'm mr. Wolff
and you know what I eat Mr piggy baby
pig yeah listen we knew mr. ball hmm I'm
mr. ball I am
I'm also related to Yoda where do we got
thank you oh hey want to see some
Stanley whoops I won't even look you're
decent standing I'm gonna let go already
Oh what did I step into
well you just had a right oh good time
and you didn't want to go home now oh
well we have left those two are like
Indian spiced coffee or something like
that this one is sweet and salty or
something I'll add so those two are kind
of weird on once those two but this is
all I have left
oh so I'll have one now for my midday
coffee
Cronk this is it this is my breakfast
for tomorrow but that's it that's all we
have we have to go to Brandon Thomas
tomorrow and get some of that otherwise
we're fubar
whoa after a long day at sea
there's only one thing I can satisfy the
Sailor Joffe jokes and it begins like a
vegetable patch a patch of sorts bull
vicious and voracious tasty fishies that
some have turned into fingers and some
our deep fried and came with a toy and
fries and the subject and Ronald
McDonald's himself handmade it oh my god
just balloons everywhere what's going on
there's a party let's party partying
McDonald's Bonnie McDonald you guys at
the party right Alice let me know in the
comments below what you'd like and I
will do my best to deliver I know I've
never actually successfully delivered
fast food to you but today might be the
day it happened it happened I was
unlucky order Bay 3 if anyone asks I'm
an order Bay 3
I ordered too much you know it was
because I ordered fish fingers always
happens because nobody orders - fingers
when you order something like if you
wonder like the standard stuff like Big
Macs and you know just like the basic
stuff no problem also copy the fact that
you're always ordered twelve chicken
nuggets they always go like I'm sorry
sir did you say twelve chicken nuggets
like yep - each none for newbies she's a
 pest
hello yourself
hello yourself hello yourself
hello yourself huh where are you going
where are you going where are you going
huh where are you going and what you
blown with bro that you know I've got
you now I've got you know I've got you
8:47 agent Lee ready to play what are
you gonna do oh my goodness you're a
genius and you're not even mode
Amelia hi hi hi
okay everybody this is my daughter
Noelle
thank you the amazing but sometimes
she's out of the back hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
