ship in her toy box
Lemmy is hearing me know she's busy
she's like mom leave Oh leave me alone
I haven't busy watching papa and sorting
out my tea set okay okay
good morning again friend is friendly
his friends thank you
we had a Korres there so I the wheel
came off the bike as I was driving home
yesterday
no I didn't but I take the wheel off so
out we could drive faster on the way
home cuz we wouldn't have a big wheel
bungling at the back bunny to put it
back on and it's trying to tell me
because plenty of morning I have to
drive and get croissants all right
all right I'll go it's all right what
you should have to take like how long we
need to get ready came in two hours upon
like leggings mm-hmm I hear all these
stories yeah if you go we all have to go
the entire extended family and you have
to get ready and everything if I go I
just walk out the door right now okay
that's the law well I could just walk
into door right now the Tyrol his eye
that when did you get the cross arms I
was need to get some petroleum because I
think I was driving home I like the
super look at the light was on but
looking low down as I got when I got a
make it but we made it I brought a
friend Haley he just wanted to tell me
tell me to even he was like children
under step it's like his dad he used to
bring me everywhere I was like get in
the car son it is I like see you later
suckers so Jonathan is getting the
croissants um I really wanted to drive
but anyway I know would take me like so
long even to just get a little bit ready
um anyways so I am doing some laundry
just folding some laundry here Oh
Amelia's excuse me I mean he has new
clothes she got so many new clothes both
because I went shopping and also because
we got so many presents from viewers so
thank you so much for all these
wonderful coach got so many Carter's
things
and just really cute stuff so she is a
very very lucky girl
um so I'm just folding everything and um
there's so many little socks as well
look at these little stuff her feet are
tiny - it's so cute and she's watching
Peppa Pig - Peppa Tron's
I got to Chacos and - all put her a nose
now I don't know who wants what huh
coffee work we just have to make coffees
now you just press a button
well not buying anything huh oh my
goodness you know what I actually had to
do last night
ah we turn the heating on it turn on the
heating have you turned on your heating
yet cha are you straight in for the
choco good joy friend you choco muncher
like that I think you remember in Italy
when you gave her some chocolate oh yeah
yeah fill it up
she actually watching yes you can watch
peple peple issues what are you doing
look what I've got huh oh my goodness
it's Lego oh my goodness it's Lego you
know you have to build a starship you go
to the starship there okay don't eat any
of it yeah you don't want to play with
Barbies okay you want to play with Lego
okay
that's the plan alright son good boy son
my god I'm so stressed I hope everything
there's so much that we have to do and
good boy hey get it was like we were
just both doing this chasing 3d mode
come on
is your daddy your top Oh daddy's girl
huh
do you want some soup you know what's
gonna happen in a couple of days friend
you're gonna be a one-year-old arm
you're gonna be a one-year-old huh a
grown-up you'll be expected to pay your
way get your own job
make your way you're here alright the
rent bill is due soon friend Amelia
Thomasina is the biggest time waste of
my life has been so much time playing
you nothing done folks it's like four
o'clock --is-- for cotton morning and we
have nothing but who's that alright sad
little typo Leah's pagolis all right so
this is how to make a Mongo feast
what about we're having creamy and
tomato basil we've already had our soups
I'm gonna break up the thread he's like
the courgettes we'll call them you throw
it in like that - but she'll find it
hard okay I'm actually finding it hard
to break himself in huh oh yeah oh yeah
now I know you're thinking that doesn't
look that tasty let me tell you this is
basically soup trifle soup and bread
trifle essentially are I gonna leave
that there for a while cool then it was
probably a bit too hot for Emilio
she is occupied with Papouli's at the
moment yeah so I moved in from the ball
to a plate
that's hard that will be better knowing
the right I said yeah you're gonna go
turn it yeah is it cold cough I've been
waiting for a while yeah okay
I may have made a little bit of a mess
yeah I was reversing at the driveway I
had a fatality rested and we're fine
this one didn't make it she's so cute
yeah what the hell it's like some
torrential rainstorm all of a sudden
just when I wanna go out and do stuff
hey this is what I was saying I'm so
stressed out 35 minutes yeah this is
like going to be really really busy week
it's Amelia's birthday on Wednesday Kirk
parties on Saturday we have
tomorrow yeah tomorrow buddy Chris it's
just great the ni8 again what yeah Billy
about that tomorrow Tuesday we have our
OB appointment but it's not just any Opa
Opa get one but yeah it's like a
two-hour long thing and considering last
time we were there for an hour before
and I wasn't even supposed to be an hour
it's like you never know because
obviously the doctors
I mean someone could give birth at any
minute so anyway that's that and I've no
we have no presence boy yeah I'm just
really freaked I want to do it all
yesterday but somebody somebody had to
go about this bike anyway and then most
of it yeah and then Thursday and Friday
like that's probably going to be me
freaking out about the party because
yeah if this weather's like we have to
have a back-up plan for the dogs but I
think the dogs are getting groomed on
Tuesday as well
you don't have been something you can't
remember a party cake topper hasn't
arrived and my pop
Kate popped cakepop thing oh we have to
collect the caterer go away
well that's absurd
like I'm just so there's so many I know
this week is going to be in sane which
is kind of like okay it's like fun in
some ways that there's so much going on
but then in other ways like oh my god
and then you know what was the other
thing there's something else that
happened and so that all got in the way
of getting you know there was the
shopping done today and mmm situation
wasn't and then um we're heading in a
like half my wife everything closes at
6:00 okay so that's my time and we have
no balloons
oh you know oh god we ran out of coffee
as well
stupid Nespresso why would you get us
something that we have to plan we're not
the planners we're our planners we're
like oh we will win - brilliant Elvis
today well I didn't happen either so I
need to get makeup as well we budget our
coffee and our makeup I need to get
water phones ringing they'd get
waterproof makeup for the party cuz I
know I'm gonna cry oh that closes we're
locked in we're trapped in the toy shop
for the rest of our lives I think that
isn't so bad actually that was my dream
as a kid to be trapped in a mall or a
toy shop be so epic oh my goodness look
at this stormy City
holy crap timorous during the middle of
a storm luck Tony wipers off onesies so
we're just sitting there we're hoping
that the rains gonna go like it I mean
is like laughing away from Steph know
what she's talking I was like oh she's
just playing with all her birthday
presents what they're here it's not like
she's gonna Roman no easier well tell
you what she likes all her presents okay
including the wrapping paper luckily God
we got everything sorted we got
peppa pig wrapping paper we found the
cups and plates and everything for the
party we got it all sorted
okay she's getting a bit aggressive now
okay let's go we're gonna put a melee on
one of those little trolley things and
do the shopping
he's mommy let's go ah kidding way let's
go Seba she's too big for it easier yeah
cool
get to go in there friend let's bring it
inside first we put her in I know
try to do it yeah let's go
vulture it's so cute
she gotta go flag that's what you get
the flags all our neighbors have them
like like draped all over their entire
Road we're like the one has the middle
it over no flags
oh no you look so cute really away
features ten fun packs piggy tails ten
episodes
International Day I haven't seen that
one
how was he now one I know what's up so
far
what the hell just like whatever potato
city dado City no freakin way
it's not new shoes the birthday party we
should play that one on her birthday
oh yeah boom
okay
bounine what's the name Onan what's the
pineapple Kiwi
let's go Liam's she loves that our
parents way more interesting just put it
in the car I drove off after the door
three wooden I'll get soaked toppings
we're starting gonna get Suppan anyway
no problem
who is this causing trouble who's a
trouble cause ER Lucho vocalizer
huh you ready cause mischief and mayhem
are you out to cause mischief and mayhem
oh you dancin let me drop some beats DJ
Spector ding boom break the breaker
thing my goodness that is a nice moves
you got fun on that friend there's nice
moves huh I don't think she gets that
for me cuz I don't think that's
something you can get from someone I did
right dancer about maybe five or six
years I did street dancing years and
probably man loads your intentions for
that break dancing is a mixture of fancy
gymnastics and then I saw a video this
is like late 90s and I was like on my
and then we learned how to do it
windmills and stuff
it was pretty epic Melia is showing
signs that she could be an epic dancer
you go Bay dance a friend huh
I don't mom want you to be a ballerina
uh-huh you get over there I know mom
wants you to be a ballerina but I need
you bit cooler cooler cheap trooper
super trooper what are you doing Oh what
are you doing no one takes you say
me no one takes you seriously no one
takes me seriously
you're just a grump senator girl music
rum he's a grump
he's mr. wrench the wrong one mr. Grinch
are now backup has arrived
Oh what please say what you get in here
Runa she was standing there is that
gonna go again
what quit
ha ha ha ha ha ha well that goes there
is it look at this carry on
look at this carry on huh I'm so funny
looking I just looked over and saw two
two of them
she's like watching Peppa from over
there nice taking a mountain of it
chopper up the peppers here shopping the
peppers I looked over and it's like what
do you mean yeah those are over here oh
you're so funny
uh-huh so I'm just sitting here editing
my video and I look over at me she's in
her toy box
what is doing no she's busy she's like
mom leave Oh leave me alone I haven't
dizzy watching Peppa and sorting out my
tea set okay okay
um what's that what's that what's that
like that yeah life's about the heaven
why should you have a head hmm that PB
and J PB and J the picture Oh
four minutes too
they are she's having a bit of trouble
she's having some comfort food she
didn't want her dinner
oh she just got the strap in the gem oh
we got jam Jam Jam pop up the jam pump
it up a little bit now baby alien Isis
oh hey listen PB&J know if there's any
chance yeah it would actually 8x no
don't give the rep don't look at your
face back there I know just feeling like
this but sis now give us a give a bit of
that no thanks
oh oh woah-oh media oh oh no oh oh my
goodness guys you can see that's the end
of this video
see you tomorrow hopefully oh hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
