oh my god I just got so excited she just
stood up on her own like she you know
from the floor and stood there the media
do it again
lucky guy issue the rain yesterday which
is not fun your smile could light up the
planet you know that your little smile
in the morning to the light of the
planet you like you to smile ever you
gonna miss me today you gonna miss me
gonna miss me yeah yeah anyone wins like
the mommy the woman's like one more
it's the giggle gang you're so cute with
this
we took it out of the car cuz it took at
the car seat okay so I don't have the
car seat and stuff for today you found
it
two hours 10 minutes ish let's do this
my boyfriend
please stay attached to the car bike
friend okay that'd be fantastic cuz if I
get that I've got no bike I don't know
why I'm shouting
what yeah and I just club is off the
hook man you do that in a club you're
like shedding your friend into song ends
and then you're like shouting but
there's no music on if one's looking at
you and you're like excuse me while I go
hide in this corner do you want
something special for breakfast
something mommy made so different so
different than normal
what is it that nice that's banana bread
mommy has some too huh and I made it
mommy made it alright I'm in quechua
getting some fuel for something oh my
god oh but I can't over here I'm so
tempted to get her for a medium ah a
little guitar Peppa Pig guitar or a geta
for her I just saw it there's like oh my
goodness do it again oh crap this is
overflowing oh my god I just got so
excited she just stood up on her own
like she you know from the floor and
stood there the media do it again again
you know you don't you don't even need
that anymore
seriously she was just there oh my god
start walking mind you started walking
when guys it wasn't here
are in the country friend the
contrivance there's also a country of
Ireland and this is not in Irish accent
this is a wee Scottish accent hey I
don't know I come on Scotsman but I've
become a Scotsman while in the country
of Ireland so we're off the motorway
it's it's like flying line tomorrow is
fine with the bike once you get to these
like rocky roads I go I spend more time
looking in the rearview mirror at the
bike that I do looking ahead of me at
the road I got it on camera that was for
a shorter time get up hey media she's
not gonna do it media oh you want me
okay yeah good girl I'm gonna help mommy
you could help me but you have to stand
on your own okay I'll see if she does it
again I will catch this line camera yeah
we're gonna do tidy up now okay good
girl give it to mommy this is all so
nice that one there the first - the
first friendly trip so we going first
work during your green on first no red
cuz it's ten point five oh I never knew
green so red would look we're here he
goes all the way up there close but you
go right out yeah just that's epic man
turning aside rather different my mom's
chance or not I have a couple of things
I need to do here like I need to edit my
video that I filmed yesterday and then I
wanted to film I don't know what though
he caught me kind of like I wanted to do
a media's party supplies over there um
video but I think it's too early because
I haven't received everything that I
want that I need yet so I'm not sure
look with Jonathan dip to the cards to
the cards from you guys
so if you see your card here
then thank you I just like show you a
little bit slower look we got two of the
same but with different pictures because
it's like a personalized one um so yeah
thank you so much for your cards and
maybe I likes taking them down and then
walking around in circles this is what I
do okay when you're East I was just
putting on my makeup and one of my like
expensive MAC lipsticks the one that I
have on right now creme Cup oh I must
lean really hard on them or something
but like it just snapped in half I was
like Hello so yeah that's kind of
upsetting but anyways so I'm trying to
decide whether I should go to my mom's
house or not yeah because I have some
things to do like I said and I'm I
actually completely forgot that it's
Amelia's party on Wednesday like I keep
thinking it's Saturday because that's
her party but it's actually Wednesday so
that is scary yeah I need to get some
stuff done so yes all right so the
Helena didn't actually come in time I've
got a that so what happened last time is
this thing is smashed on the trail it
broke off of me so we're going to build
I wouldn't want to film some of this
meeting at the cameraman so I'm gonna
actually put it on here
I brought some masking tape because
masking tape fixes everything
we're gonna try and attach the camera
and see if we can get some footage of
the trail it's very different experience
it's not like Mountain it's more like of
a forest experience alright so folks
homemade tripod mount this Dubrow Pro
yeah if you can't afford a GoPro get a
pro pro let's see if this works
hey did you have a nice CBC are you cold
oh no you're not you're nice and warm
we've got warm blood like your daddy I'm
freezing I think it's gotten cold today
the temperature changed definitely
actually last night it did so it's
definitely feeling more like autumn
oh look you can do it open that Crichton
just open that curtain
Oh your toys Wow all right this is port
omen of fire spark red run
round one in the bag we did the red
gonna go do the green and maybe parts of
the red again but em the footage guys I
don't know did you just watch it that
had come out really good like we had
like we were putting the camera like in
all sorts of different places like we're
probably nearly broke the camera at this
stage we had it like at one point right
I don't know if the shot actually word
but we jammed the camera look we had the
camera sitting in the back here and if I
could apply the try and make it work
media has managed to find another
hazardous area because she always goes
from the most hazardous areas and I was
just doing the ironing she's delighted
to come along this is what she does at
home as well
yeah I don't think that's a great idea
me yeah no she's just buying on the wire
you know the ironing board the
underneath part and this is my farm baby
an immediate pain now and my mom kept
like the Parsee and then we open this it
says Moo when you open oh we used to
have chickens yeah there's a piggy in
there
piggy set peppa pig
thank you who else had this farm I'm
sure there's probably the viewers of
ours that had caught fire when they were
little
thank you I loved it I'm so glad my mom
kept up these were Erica's this is the
wolf and then there was three piggies
but I think there's a good two left hmm
that was mummy that's mummys farm why
we'll share it with y'all thank you
that's a moo cow okay about guys do they
see the dairy that's so cool I said it
was like a ton of them just blew past as
he came flying along found like dirt
there it is
we got pretty close to good night we
couldn't find it rages one of my mom's
friends is just over and her little
granddaughter who actually was the
little girl that Eric how are oh I mean
I was playing with when we did that
playdate she's like my mom's friend my
friend's mom she's the one who we went
visit and anyways she has all this stuff
left over that she gave a meanie I was
really really nice all these little like
baby snack foods and things like that so
we have tons and tons of goodies here
for her so I think I'm gonna give her
these because I think she had these the
last time um YUM
say thank you sue thanks mica this is
how you know you're in the country folks
you see what's ahead of me here you see
why all the cars have stopped
look at this carry on cows cows are
crossing the road oh oh no oh that of
the year a while in too bad the bad cows
my mom asked me to help her watch like
you're such an idiot
she asked me to help her put this
protective screen the screen protector
on her iPad
and oh my god
yeah and now I was just cutting it
because I was cutting the packaging I
cut right through the actual screen
protector look let me it's only the edge
but still look I just didn't even think
I thought it was here for so I don't
know what I thought too anything
yeah cats having youngnam's oh she
doesn't mind Oreo but she's kind of a
bit maybe because Nikki's all black or
cuz we keep getting like kind of nervous
about him cuz well have I got a little
something for you what do you think of
that huh but I take it out of the
wrapper for you I woke up this morning
this is your first guitar do you love it
your hands are a bit messy Doh no cheese
hot cheese I'll let you touch it for a
second
okay that's it that's all you can touch
maybe I'll bring it up to the back keep
it at the same time we're all waiting
waiting get all the way to here fun time
huh did it move did it move I was gonna
move there it flickered flickered like
it was going to move it's time to say
goodnight to the vlog oh geez it's time
to say goodnight to the friendliest
friends it's time to say goodnight but
it won't give you a fright for I'll be
here on your computer - mom
what that children day night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
