No okay there we go
can you vision it visualize it she's
like one of those little calendar baby
you know two ones
whoa that was a cool move
do you breakdancing you like - Wow
smooth moves Emilia
yeah good girl whoo
make it daddy excited what are you doing
with baby on the treetop I think she
preferred it the other way where you
actually had her he's like a newborn so
he was teeny tiny in the laundry basket
she's like she doesn't even fit YouTube
dad's aren't like the most uh safety we
talked about right I think you wanted a
beurre blanc CD Oh Jonathan no it's a
team of tool oh come on it's nap time
we've done okay it's not that
I see on Sylvia
anyway Catan you later so Amelia's
down for a nap and I'm finally I got my
makeup done now I used to my hair but
it's like it's so different our routine
is like completely different than before
like when she was really tiny and small
I could do my makeup in the morning and
like you know in the morning well yeah
in the morning I could do it in the
morning when before giving her breakfast
because either I would breastfeed her in
the morning which I don't do anymore and
so that would obviously hold her off
until breakfast or at the time she
wasn't even eating solids so it was just
so easy and then she got a little bit
older she could like just sit in her bed
or whatever and she was happy enough to
do that and I could get ready but now
it's like it's impossible like when when
she wakes up in the morning unless I
wake up an hour before everybody else
which let's face it I mean if I'm going
somewhere not morning then I will do
that but I don't want to do that every
morning so as soon as she wakes up she
wants her breakfast you know obviously
so you know I have to get up do a
breakfast to all the little chores I
need to do like vacuuming laundry
whatever cleaning up and I don't get any
time for myself until she bows down for
her nap so it's just changed so now I
don't end up getting ready for the day
until like noon just so annoying but
it's actually not that bad it's kind of
relaxing to be just like calm and doing
my makeup and have some time for myself
and I like it so I'm not complaining
it's just like it's so different than
forth
so I'm gonna do my hair now feel really
like I can't figure out how to get on
the couch I swear the dogs go through
like periods of just like stupidity he's
never gonna do it mom
anyways so yeah I'm gonna do my hair now
and I'm have a driving lesson that three
so and then Jonathan I had just texted
him and asked him to pick up lunch I'm
trying to be organized today I'm trying
to get everything done that I need to
get done on my to-do list take it off
and feel good hi what's up Wendy what
tell me I don't know I don't understand
what's so funny
this used to be the problem there huh
huh it's a little it's a dress look I
couldn't no no way it is so crazy isn't
it it's a dress we're like a sunflower
in the middle no way not with those
grubby hands you can't touch this with
those grubby hands oh my goodness thank
you so much for all cards birthday yet
sorry birthday yet you guys you guys
send way too much stuff don't ever set
it boys spoiling you rotten that's what
they do they're spoiling you rotten your
internet family are spoiling you rotten
so this is my my eleventh lesson yeah
yeah now that's when you pass your test
so honey I'm for our eleventh lesson but
it won't be my second last I'm
definitely gonna do a lot more after
this but still and I I couldn't even
lied to Steve about practicing cuz the
last time I had reversed in and he was
like oh did you reverse it in the last
yeah you know when you practiced was
like no that was from the last phase
yeah me
dear Thomasina Bianca Navy and Rufio
laundry basket
Melia movies and checkered shirts
mommy's off in our lessons so we're
having ourselves a party Friday longer
party Friday lunch at Friday lunch
you bit my lip put my little bullet
fighter
Jabberjaw travel to rumblejuice Jamba
Juice so if you don't know the link road
on a motorway but it's like a main road
its fifth gear
they don't
okay so good hey cool I'm breakup back
into one
just to be sure
I merely I'll follow Amelia she fell on
the ground she bounced the bomb Amelia
oh Jenny Germany topples
Jenny to Punjab it's wait wider I new
beliefs
I knew boys oh oh I know believe that's
where I'll be taking visit well that's
very gonna do it yeah there what happens
yeah
I'm not ready yet but next week I'll
just show up I'll show up with all the
dogs in the back I mean yeah big
pregnant belly you better boss huh okay
so I got tons of messages and comments
asking about Steve and booking Steve for
lessons and stuff like that and I can't
reply to all of them but I have good
news
I mentioned in a few vlogs back that
Steve had set up or he was just setting
up a Facebook page but it's all set up
now it's all done so it is an alert
school of Motoring Cork so cork okay and
yeah
the link will be in the description box
he's doing he's gonna be doing giveaways
were yeah yeah yeah so check it out the
link will be down below like I said and
yeah happy driving oh is that me oh my
god jofi jokes you're such a fun daddy
for Amelia friendliest friend oh my god
a minute oh my god I'm in a Papa bak
dreams have just become true I'm in a
pepper bug that's but look look at this
one pepper goes to Amelia's party and
it's like one of those custom books
where I like like Amelia's I haven't a
party with pepper
is that Nick here Vicky it looks like
Vicky but it's quickly that is so epic
she's from Germany man this man special
airplane is that oh my goodness now
white finger doesn't look very good here
all right
that's what I look like in January okay
this is my September bigger all right oh
my goodness yeah I came in pepper oh my
goodness that is so cool you have on a
tea party and your doggies coming is
that sugar is it sugar in your tea oh he
is take the tea pots who are you gonna
invite your tea party you're not
inviting being guess she's burnt she's
barred from the Tea Party they're so
lovely
they're wooden but no these have to be
an upstairs good this won't play with a
knife
you go you can play your first knife
cookie want a cookie oh you can put
different toppings on them is that the
idea
yeah and then you can put them oh no
it's kind of cool to eat no princess
Zowie or Prince Alby is there more
princesses Oh princess FINA Princess
seen a girl well see we got pursued we
got look at a king and queen in a house
deal movie movies
look at this princess hey are you going
to the meeting I can't wear one no ice
no hair and stop you up here a friend
let's have a look
it's over luggage it I know
princess please dead okay Oh what you
got there what you got there Alby get
the toy she get the toy this is going to
end badly
everyone's the toy someone's gonna steal
their toys you know me so finally
finished cleaning up because whenever I
come home from a driving lesson where
from this being out places for dinner
hey awesome cuz um Jonathan does a good
job of minding Amelia don't get me wrong
but like everything is just a mess it's
like a freakin tornado went through that
was because all her toys were everywhere
and there is like candor's needed to be
disinfected on that kitchen table and
everything so it takes anyways so now I
want to make the banana break because I
let those bananas ripen for like a
couple of days after we actually bought
them and I think they look pretty right
they're all spotty so that's the good
fine so excuse me I'm gonna train make
the banana bread now before my mom comes
I would just like to point out that I'd
had no idea I'm still wearing the tiara
when I filmed the last clip that is so
embarrassing I went into the bathroom
and I was
my hands I just look up the wood at the
mayor and I was like oh my god I just
filmed an entire clip with the shiera on
my head and not even explaining why so
I've got all my ingredients ready to go
for my banana bread and my pecans and my
raisins this is the recipe book I'm
using it's actually a really good book
it's called eating for two by Annabel
Carmel she's the lady who made the M
whose book I was using for Amelia and in
the beginning when she first started
unlike purees and stuff and then I also
used this one that's where I got the
recipe for the turkey mince but it
wasn't actually he supposed to be was
passed I was supposed to be enchilada as
I think oh yeah I didn't end up doing it
like completely to exactly how she had
it but that's where I got the basic
recipe so for the sauce it's raining
guys that does not make me very happy
tomorrow I've been waiting all week long
what's the wedding like important that
let me know
oh my god swear to God I saw an ostrich
egg do we know I actually walked by I
was like oh my god wise eating you I do
I know you wise news the cash or
compacity
they look they look like an ostrich to
me hi buddy
huh what's there what's this now huh
what's this little mess I see before me
what's this mess I see before hmm
Moni come downstairs you wanna come
dance there's no naps no naps a cone oh
yeah
oh yeah it's a rite of passage passage
what do you think
if you don't like it that's okay well
you guys seem to like it no problemo huh
oh goodness me oh geez the dramatics
know things are serious and we using the
fancy plates so I prepared a feast okay
no I did not go to go-go's and buy that
but I did make banana bread and lucky
came her perfectly well see she is of
the snobby Darla and Kunis in Molina
malteaser chica
do you want to sit one see him uneasy
there's Maltesers in the cheesecake so
moody dropped a packet of Maltesers as
we're making a cheesecake and it turned
into Maltesers cheesecake do you want an
espresso anyone an espresso espresso
didn't espresso
whoa the effort with all the cartridges
it is in-car coffee roaster but it's an
espresso you have any cake
it's made of fresh cheese what do you
think I used to brown that in there okay
Eric Carla do you want okay good okay
good
sorry thinking like this is the best
cheese I've ever had taken our napkins
Sophie Sophie mom you want to selfie
happy era I think dad has like Sophie
it's the best time ever
Derek the fact we still runner selfie oh
no way deep comments fair at the yes at
the front yeah yeah what do you want big
splitting it
there we go can you vision it visualize
it
she's like one of those calendar babies
what you doing there oh is that for me
thanks so much
should we put them all back though you
put them all back though yeah
another nice so long farewell auf
wiedersehen good night I like my first
champagne
well my friendliest friend Oh see you
all tomorrow at 6 o clock don't be late
don't forget to like the video and leave
a nice comment wait
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
ah
