maybe more like driving then run like a
mother now baby open reception she's all
like take over and we jump onto the bed
and then you do the OB comes in he's
like oh my god you're crowning and then
they pull out the baby and there's tears
and we all like cigars
work hard play hard party like it's
something like that
good morning good afternoon good evening
and welcome to looks like okay tell me
about your to buy all right thank thanks
Alan
thanks a lot for stopping by buddy
school this is your first time here and
you're thinking like about that for that
guy it's like a I have a suddenly
sausage we're having Amelia now drinking
breakfast in South you weren't you to
milk so fast go fast it's really it's
like every single day we've never have
any milk it's like what it's gone huh
every time oh my goodness could you
imagine when we have no name and like he
she he she he she it's like drinking the
amounts as well oh my god speaking of
which it's you guys here Judy's having
50 million kids oh my goodness and all
the talk we were to want to go out of it
the whole twin thing
oh my goodness congratulations though
for that 50 million kids oh my goodness
there's so many babies on YouTube oh my
goodness so what collection clatter
having a baby
Rachael Talbots having a baby Anna's
having a baby
Judy's having a baby
that's our baby I like to rap babies but
like you so many youtubers right now
having babies it's pretty great cry cry
you totally have a big oh my god I'm
having a baby
so I'm trying to get it ready here and
amelia is taking apart Daddy's underwear
drawer good girl
oh the pandas copying what everything
good girl that's a great job dad's gonna
be so happy with that so um we have a
not a photo shoot but like a photo call
I think that's what you have officially
call it I'm not really sure with I think
it's the mail on Sunday or the Daily
Mail maybe it's the same thing
I don't know today so I did a little
heavier makeup than I usually do for
every day just for the pictures and then
I don't know what to wear because my
bump is like getting bigger and bigger
but it's like not big enough to be like
a full-on pregnant belly so it is very
very hard to try and find something to
wear because I'm just I'm trying to find
like the in-between stage clothes and I
don't know where any of that is so um
yeah okay that kind of getting turned
off this is what she does when I get
ready now she like - can't sit still for
two seconds so she takes everything
apart
are you going you looking for the
tampons yeah now at you doesn't she go
through my tampons and she takes them
out one by one and I'm like if anybody
saw you this just looks so bad but
anyways yeah so I'm gonna try and find
something to wear I don't know what I'm
gonna wear but and then I have to do my
hair as well I've been really slacking
on doing my hair cuz it's just it takes
so long and well actually it doesn't
take that long anymore cuz it's short
but I feel like I need to do something
different with my hair so let me know
what you think I should do okay I want
to keep the color the same because I
like my natural color right now the way
it is with the little blonde pieces at
the ends but I think I should cut it or
something or like I don't know if I
should grow it out cut it trim it I
definitely need to do something though
like at least trim put more layers in it
I don't really know but I just feel like
I need something and I haven't gotten it
done in so long like ages like a few
months like maybe since the minute I was
like 5 months wasn't that long ago oh my
god but yeah I definitely need to get my
hair done
hey she's crashing here put that in the
car do I take her and let me just put
that in her well we have to go now wait
I have it back two minutes so we're
popping in here we need them a photocopy
for the Irish harder than Sunday Irish
mail Irish mail on Sunday possibly
that's it which is that on Sunday and it
involves mail and Irish people did you
sighs repeating myself on a Chinook no
like a fool Sullivan Sonny I hope it
stays this way I'm really worried these
are the things you got to do for
photocards friend forgetting using
addresses and their son okay that one's
from giuliana mmm it's nice huh well
yeah I'm worried because it's been so
good for the weather
my last few days I'm waiting on the
weekend now it's gonna screw me portumna
yeah Saturday okay I know you don't care
again oh the party yeah oh my goodness
if it rains on the party day it's gonna
be a nightmare we have like 10 kids or
something coming like 20 people or
something coming oh my goodness
we cannot have for you we need the Sun
we need the garden
look you want to this and we're done and
we're done and it's simple I don't know
which ones they gonna use if I did some
fun separate shooter up in the air they
tried to get some shots I hope they use
some of those ones the fun ones I drove
my shoulders and stuff
get some numbness it's gone today its
back where did it go
Richa min you got will you get her her
menu back she loves the menu cuz it has
like a little scratchy surface she's
just been doing that the whole time with
her hands like this
I'm the menus peeps back nice and quiet
today
my talk too much products is a weekday -
this is nice and like this place but I
thought that my mom and sisters came
here yesterday because they were
instagramming like crazy don't try
you're so pretty in your little dress I
love it we put on a puppet buddy
it's not quite warm enough for this
dress but it's pretty though I didn't
want it
anyone is thrown out of it you should
grew out of something that I tried to
put on her we tried to find him that day
and it was too small
you should never had to wear it I was so
upset
we have a serious situation guys I don't
even know what to do like I really want
them lying here
I can't decide think of the lemon juice
lemon meringue pie lemon tart or the
meringue cake
I think I need tweeter Nate I think I
need to put it out there then he had my
advice and health care love lemon lemon
cake and coffee go so well together but
I haven't had meringue in a while and
when we were added in valium in the
house I didn't get the meringue your mom
let them rank I got the
the baked cheesecake thing what do you
think Emilia I don't know hold you need
to live constant know what do you reckon
ya know so she's looking at them she's
like the meringue woman lemon has torn
between this is very special today you
don't always know what's in the middle
of it and it's just a sponge and quickly
could have a cheese day by creme fraiche
all right
he's a good jacket yeah absolutely it's
C we got both lemon cake meringue both
lemon lemon
rying were
no it's everyone saying different things
stop
Emilia has been asleep pretty much since
we got back which was an hour and a half
ago quiet so she had her one little foot
stuck through the bars
okay can damn Yankee so I got a new
helmet I didn't get the one I was
looking at the kind of a funny face
because I did some research online and
these ones
yeah they're crazy they're really really
expensive but um it's a guy royal
mountain one so like they're designed
for like all-mountain where you see so
it looks similar you don't see the back
the backbone inside and stuff like that
it actually looks like a horse riding
one isn't it would you just did to me
evil ouch
that store huh how would you like it if
I did that to you scratch scratch
scratch you love it would you do
moment you frickin love it ah creepy
don't scratch you wanna come up with
mommy okay okay
turn a clump and see the baby mm huh
pissed yourself
here like she won't come oh hi pretty
girl I'm pretty sure huh where's your
doggy friend where's Mimi huh
okay we go down hi yeah so my sister
finally had her baby girl
a sneaky Shh hi Emilio's first cousin
okay she's asleep is that it just more
pictures but we should probably okay
I'll give you any more information
because it's not really my place to be
giving it that kind of information but
yeah oh my goodness when I tell you what
I tell you the story on each man so
anyway she's about to have the baby
right so she's like oh my god I think
I'll have my baby so they drive down to
the hospital right
her husband drops her off from reception
jumps out is like I'm just gonna park
the car literally two to five minutes to
park the car right parks the car gets to
take it goes back into receptions like
oh yeah what room number goes into she
had the baby literally had the baby
while he was parking the car oh my
goodness could you imagine what happened
I'd be like you guys you would miss it -
it wouldn't be just me we'd all miss it
had had that been the scenario oh my god
inside that was crucial and said she's
like it was almost born in the car um to
the hospital although that would be kind
of fun I was like I want one of those
ones you know I feel like I'm gonna
regret if I say now but I only wrote
when I was like oh my God my water broke
you're like in the movies with a water
breaks I'm like drive and then run like
a baby open reception she's all like and
then we kick over and we jump onto the
bed and then you did the OB
like oh my god you're crowning and then
you pull out the baby and those tears
and we all light cigars I don't know any
to move his damn cigar some we have two
guys and it's like amazing and everyone
cries and we all hugging sure didn't
happen last time was very organized we
got in juste we booked in we had it in
we got hooked up to a drip 24 hours
later we had a baby it was very
civilized who's not like the movies
I'm starting to realize life is not like
the movies go guys go
we're having a bit of a snack we're just
gonna trends Sina we're having some
Ella's kitchen
this is it right here with the dirty
nappy who nibbly fingers that's what she
likes right now I'm just gonna recycle
this and some water that's our little
snack get in there and other friends
going over to me hey thank
yeah hey get a mouthful of sausage
you got a sausage bread give him an
apple slices look at the ball going
crazy because some sausages on the way
home did the poo job all right crazy
face and see if we can get you and film
reversed knees somebody treat our plate
on the floor
it was paella we had paella hasta la vie
ho paella hasta luego paella Emilio
Emilio Emilio you can't touch it Oh bow
hold hmm
you made a mess you got rice you got all
sorts of things that are nice would you
find something
oh yeah oh that's very nice of you
hi hey Joe Pepitone because they make
your friends you can see like your
friends because they a major advance
what he doing before we do we have a
little a message to say guys lately in
the comments it's being a bitch I don't
know I hate when I see you guys fighting
with each other just don't need to fight
because our whole thing in the Ciccone
Tobias is about positivity and fun and
everyone comes here to have a good time
you know so if you've ever said anything
mean you should leave a comment and say
I'm sorry for being mean for that person
it said like instead of being into
someone just be like hey hope you're
having a good day or hey let's be
friends let's all be friendly as friends
what I mean because it's really mean
when I when I see people fighting with
each other cuz everyone's come here to
enjoy the show and we would like if you
all continue because we're friends
more friends thank you sleep every
follow a same of fit it all here for and
to recap everybody's friends face up
over face either 12 you're good friends
create your feet oh yeah very much I'm
going to let you know but feel free cuz
I'm going to kiss you here we go here we
go this habit which I don't wanna do
with it
Oh George is gone no no no you owe me
the key
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joely
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there would
be
