yeah
Oh bright and early today because amia
and I are going on a walk two of my
friends and I have decided that we're
gonna do like a mom's club walk twice a
week because we all want to get fit
we're gonna do it with the babies
unfortunately I can't bring the dogs
just because the walk that we're going
to let you have to drive to so I'm not
gonna bring like six dogs and a baby so
I might usually when I walk the dogs
obviously it's on my own so it's nice to
get out with the meeting as well and
have some company I have a driving
lesson today as well sorry but have a
pig it's like I'm crazy did my
brightness anyways making some breakfast
getting ready dogs are going crazy we
don't upset the driver thank you we got
the stroller doesn't fit in the boot of
the car oh my goodness
doesn't work
we didn't get the stroller into the put
in the car anyway so I haven't gonna get
too strong
you're gonna have together
didn't even know it's gonna look at this
abandoned car in this just abandoned
there was a bit of a panic moment and it
hasn't done parking ash just drive back
in the car so we just did our walk it
was just two of us but it was actually
really nice I'm really glad that we did
something yeah the babies were good and
I didn't film any hopefully been nice it
actually there was a really nice view
and I I didn't film that but I'm
sweating now are you rested here
obviously fitter than me because I am so
wrecked but this is what happened when I
did that walk with my other friend and
it was all uphill and I completely like
I had to take like two days to sleep it
off like it was so bad huh we didn't put
a bowl on this morning because I knew
she'd just lose it and look how gross
her stroller is but this is from the
plane you know this is from when we went
where to be a friend and then Jonathan's
picking me up I was gonna drive home but
then I was like you know what I have a
lesson today I think I'm getting enough
practice Hey
have fun in your walk yeah what do you
like 50 K yeah yeah your nose drill
sergeants to come which is a few times
tell me who you're working for working
for oh you're working who are you to
tell me where you're welcome
scratch yourself tell me why you watch
yourself oh like a Bronco ride Bronco
ride what are you doing are you in the
donkeys bed that's so cute she just
crawled in GTOs bed is it nice having
friends having lots and lots of doggy
friends yeah
Gio loves you huh and he'll the best
he's so cuddly and big yeah good girl
you're gonna go to sleep in there I'm
gonna take a little nap he naps I like
her little stones she makes Nevaeh
nobody huh
so can
careful new videos of Lincoln er
these Middle States you're making you're
fighting over you heading to my tent
driving lesson and I feel good about it
because I got a little bit of practice
done today so that's always good
I'm supposed to be practicing way more
than I actually do it so I'm just so
we're gonna go to this multi-story car
park but no it's really scary like
Jonathan always says to me that it's
it's gonna be scary the first time I
took art even
a third time I do
I'm gonna go an adventure to get a
friend that the venture begin you want
them away you can you like that huh Oh
guys like a media yesterday like that
little thing put the little frames and
until you make it obvious
yeah but because I made that we should
totally do that again thumbs up if you
like to meet it now when she can Cora a
chicken call me yes a in me Oh Oh just
happened
the media can mode hmm you know you can
turn it over yeah it's gonna be so
different when I when we finally get the
new car seat you know because the guy
was saying he's like oh they're
forward-facing the ones you're looking
at and also oh my gosh that want to
happen he's like yeah yeah twelve months
you can afford face and what's there
when you're old you can afford face them
all these alarms going off for every
different reason
what now tell me what it is now are we
ready for a feast feast are you ready I
just eat out of the back of a chicken
wrap wait to be eaten
boom boom boom boom boom and then a
wooden box does big plastic time there
we go bibs on hold on a second I'm
friend I have to chop it up like I've
made it into nice little edible bits all
right here comes he's coming down he's
paint asleep you can say it sleep it's
okay check to you what did you get your
one doesn't go cold it's a goat's cheese
sandwich
so stay snoop if you want standard they
know now I just come in there just like
standard Amelia especially college
oh oh and that'd be nice huh
hand-delivered all right as mamas goats
cheese boggle I have to chop it in half
sometimes they don't chop it in half
always trouble people in hand let's get
the ice let's take your ice go one day
my dream is on a fridge my mom's one of
those eye suspension but this thing this
thing causes problems
hello yeah you know where Isis been
through fridges everyone probably has an
except for me I'm probably the only
person who hasn't got one two three
you're all laughing because I have to
manually hold the ice like a manual man
I'm a manual man
it's intense labor Dean of labor it was
Labor Day yesterday in America pray tell
as to Labor Day do you all do labor on
that day because everybody go out and
like do manual labor is that the
National Labor Day to me like oh it's
Labor Day what I made a melius joke away
from back to school like I sleep early
leave laborious day
did you extra work or less work I don't
know your Royal Highness your Royal
Highness food has been served
yeah got some extra I see auditor I
froze my hand getting it for you this is
much coming along much punch busy
munching busy bee Cena Cena Cena just
enter planet Earth then tiger town
rockin yes how know how I feel about
look another one comes up oh boy what is
going on
we've got peppa pig and Daddy pig right
now he's dead
what's going on hey let's go ahead
I'm gonna come under some errands friend
hey you and Daddy pick up the same pants
on how much fun is that what's everyone
doing here mom we got to go in some
errands Iran DOS oh thank you mm-hmm I
made it all the way here huh shouldn't
let him go to the whole time so we kept
them all right let's go okay
I like the helmet I have it all but I
was looking at these type of once online
I think you know rather than the whole
like white comma because what I do it's
not like cycling it's just downhill you
know like not like a cyclist like those
guys you know I think these are cooler
New Orleans cool about them they're
better for the camera mount I don't know
you know what do you guys think their
option of course is to do this the
full-face thing but I don't know I feel
like I don't know I don't really like
them as much but that is the kind of
biking we're not like you know cycling
muds because that's not gonna help you
before off a cliff that's it these ones
are designed for it to be fall of the
cliff
this one fraction do you think friend
you want to come along here and be
involved do you think oh you like this
one kind of brown anyone we're all the
decals on that or the fun little kinda
cool I like this I don't know won't have
to try some on his dad you look funny
photos Papa I don't know it's cool
I don't want to get this one it's pretty
cool of it I like them to run design on
it do you like the design on our friend
huh
look like I'm in the war somewhere okay
well it is it's not kind of a helmet you
know do you think huh
mommy is asleep and I'm going to I've
always wanted to know what it's like on
one's gonna put some ice in this I've
always wanted to know what it's like to
am slightly like the Black Rock castle
and back so I'm gonna drive them to the
car park exactly where where I dropped
off mom's cub before and I think I'm at
a copying heard of copying the moms club
like I'm dressed like the mom as well
hmm
hopefully there's not too many people
there this time I just said just to kind
of keep on my fitness and my training
and something I'm gonna cycle earth at a
castle I'm back and I'll endomondo it to
see exactly what it is quite scary
driving along with the bike I'm not like
I've driven eights and then bring it
back now so I'm a bit more comfortable
with it I know it's it's not likely to
fall off you know although now I figured
out a way to double strap it in because
it Sam it's a two-point carrier so I
figure that you can pull the second bike
carrier across the bar and back again as
well so double double trouble
what's going on Amelia rainy not the
best place to play she's now moved on
from inside the exersaucer to underneath
the edge mister real headway I am
exhausted
I'm so shattered from the driving and
the walking
oh just like I didn't get that much
sleep last night night I there hi and I
just feel like that all happened
yesterday because it's just like my
brain can't even like comprehend the
whole entire day happened in anyone I'm
that tired like I get so tired I've said
this before okay
this is my place
don't be such a little brat hmm don't be
such a little brat
just cuz you've won I does not give you
the excuse to be a brat anyways I've
talked about this before but I
definitely don't have a hundred percent
of my energy back of little tasks take
so much out of me even changing a nappy
it's like oh my god I need a nap so yep
we had some fruit snack thingies the
organic Ella's kitchen banana thingies
and now we're clean
so here we go four points B kilometers
13 minutes to the castle which is a
pretty cool looking castle it's that
it's actually observatory that's pretty
nice here isn't it peaceful Big Lake
runs along it's like it's on a coast but
it's also a huge Marsha motorway look so
pretty doesn't it so it's four up which
means it's four back that's only eight
trying to do around 10k time I could
mosey on down Black Rock Road but avoid
mosey on down there I mean to have to
come all the way back although I can go
back to the car park while I left the
car way back in a near passage men keep
on going up to passage and try and make
it an even 10
what do you think dog you friend do you
have any any input for me no okay
the doctors keep on going is it so
pretty here doe it's not such a disney
castle oh it's gonna dyno run gone past
me that's what all Castle should look
like so Disney wrecking isn't it
someone's eye for someone's eye for
someone type for due date because it's a
hyper girl these are new things like
jumps up and down and put yourself into
things that New York
you can have it type of calling hello
Green okay oh no no no no no no no no no
look you just turned on for my show no
okay you're evil you're evil you're
ruining my life
hey stop here take this
tap I called you what's that I see a
blue key mm-hmm talk to Papa
sir we have it eight point five nine
kilometers it's look you hear rap there
we go that's the lake there see you
running alongside us but I always wonder
what that was
8.59 car at the car park well from here
to the castle and obviously back again
let's load her up
does anyone know where Amelia is Amelia
Amenia where are you hi hi what are you
doing getting the car friend you wanna
bring the car out all right let's turn
it around guys ready fell over you huh
you guys oh geez you guys jeez you guys
huh sure she watches hello my name is
little tyke and I have a little baby
inside of me just hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
