I don't have anything for him today's
our anniversary and I said to him last
night it was like I hope you don't have
anything for me because I didn't get
anything for you because we were so busy
and everything plus it's really hard
when like I can't drive so I can't I
mean I probably could have done it with
my mom the other day but I just
completely forgot with everything going
on and I was like I hope you don't have
anything for me he's like no I don't
then I came down to this this morning
hello do you know what day it is do you
know what day it is not your birthday
yet hmm it's mommy and daddy's little
race you mean huh you smell like poop
you look so cute in your new PJ's yay
you want to see daddy daddy daddy oh my
gosh is that it
I might said I would she like wakes up
in the morning and I call me there I
know going hmm
she probably can't really do it very
well gee why do I have for breakfast
oh let's test this thing out and you get
a chance to your last night so I'm
trying to figure it out I put the water
into the pack thing I've just turned it
on hmm I think I'm supposed to let it do
a one run itself first before I actually
use it just to sort of rinse at the
machine all right just put the cap so I
don't know if I can reopen if I just put
the capsule in the machine let's get a
cup barreto faster Cup need to sleep
we're gonna add to that body I'm a
little Food Fair later on but because
the media sleep now that's you know
hardcore it's been broken in I just need
to I need to end my obsession it started
off as like a casual encounter a
flirtation you know then it turn to it
and wild interest which evolved to hobby
which is NaN turn into a full-blown
obsession I'm totally obsessed
while I watch on YouTube now it's like
Trail videos you know me Roberto just
take these you're gonna we're looking to
go to port homeland you guys can port
over there's that port at Forest Park I
think we're gonna get back there and
this time it's like it's more well it's
not unfair but for me it's like two
hours there but my parents come from
Dublin so it's kind of even because when
we go through one in court it's
obviously more advantage of both
advantage to book for me okay so minions
napping and
got to get ready during that time and
get dressed and stuff like that
Jonathan's out on his bike and I still
need to kind of clean up here because
she was so cranky this morning like I
don't know what was wrong with her she
was I think like I'm guessing teething
although I feel like that's kind of what
everybody says for everything like
closing table Oh teething you know I
asked my friend what she's doing my
mom's right but like I asked her about
her fridge organization I was such a
freak I was in her head the last day and
she um she I use Ziploc bags for like
veggies and stuff and I saw she had like
a different type of bag and I asked her
which one you use it Houston I was like
this is gonna sound like a really weird
question and a very like nosy question
but what kind of pods do you use in your
fridge because not that I was looking
for anything but anyway um why did I say
that what was the thing before that oh
yeah so she was very very cranky this
morning and she she wouldn't like let me
do anything she just wanted to be picked
up all the time so maybe it was teething
and then she was kind of crying when she
went down as well a little bit so maybe
it was that but she actually has been
asleep for a long time that's usually
how I know something's off those laws
that she'll sleep for like ages like if
she's not feeling very well she usually
does that when she eventually does get
to sleep so it's the first of September
so I am swapping out my yummy mummy bag
which was like my summer back for my
storks back again because I love this
bag actually and I really liked it for
when we went to Sorrento and did all
that traveling and stuff and I just
think it's really cute for it like
spring and summer but I think this is
just better like winter autumn autumn
winter bike so I'm stopping everything
yet now I got out for a bit go out do a
physical exercise
I'm training up here I brought the EM I
brought the other camera with me I
haven't got it on yet because I see I
see the advantage of the GoPro to not
mount it on the bike because it's so
like those here those are trails we're
getting aren't there like hardcore
aggressive you know they're like
bouncing all over the place whereas it
was on my helmet and that's after all
the shocks I probably move like that not
as like so I think am he probably it's
just they're so expensive you know
that's the only downside to those GoPros
I'm like oh my goodness they're just
like like to get a good one it's like
500 quid I'm going to euros so I don't
know what they are in dollar-wise um you
can get like the introduction 1 to hero
Weist hero3 white boy them it's like 250
or 280 or somewhere that but it's it's
like it's got loves it I don't know like
well I like get that and then be like
not not be good enough you know the main
so I don't want to know but I'm gonna
blow up the Gary got forget let's get
some juice got into mono tracking me and
oh my goodness that was my son and I was
like get up the hill get back down the
trail before Amelia wakes up it's at
least I feel like I've gotten got an
animai system for today you know and
yeah totally thanks for a I would
appreciate you guys leaving almost
comment saying you really enjoy it cuz I
was worried I was like on/off put in a
little bit of it but you know you know
it's something different and it's
something I'm interested in
so I never won like for you guys I'm
always conscious that I like I don't
want to like put content out there that
you guys feel it's boring I always want
to entertain you I want you to watch the
carnage always and feel like happy
enlightened and entertained and if I do
if I have done that then I've done my
job that's my job here so I really
appreciated you two comments I was like
yeah my brother watching he's reading
the comments like I think everyone liked
it no like I think he did I was like we
need to make it better that's always
like okay I need to get like a GoPro man
throw my helmet maybe get other ones
under shocks and you don't you about you
oh alright let's go
Oh created weight fighting I did 10k my
son come on up 51 km/h the speed limit
in some places that the guard was a
define him a little garden festival now
as we learned last time we're here we're
at ancient Jude that you can actually
drive right through it so we're like oh
no we can't get you and then we were
turning around and the red car just
pulled up and the stopper opened and we
were like oh weren't there sheep here so
to keep it clean we were talking to them
they're having think I look at an Irish
spheres videos of hey you know I
remember my aunt's farm when I was a kid
I used to do that that looks like it was
done by a machine
yeah like you use a fork and like pick
it all up and roll it up in the hay
bales oh good look if she be that
country remember it's bar on you that's
easy
I wonder are there any fingerlings I got
hi hi there i poach oh my god I mean I
would probably like cheese otherwise
engaged she's got her baby I use dying
on the go
it'd be good at mic spot what worries
the matrons though it's all flat okay he
likes fun in the air looks like this
trails
that's actually but I think this is more
for golfing
oh it's about parking
Oh what about right here I'll park
waiting where do you park keep on going
up along there and they left us no
choice
okay thank you so I was like maybe I
should drive you know for the practice
but then we figured out there was
actually a motor where there actually
isn't but we thought there was a
motorway on the way and I'm not dead
oh here we go motorway but I'm so glad I
didn't because I would never have been
able to park here driving off-road
yeah this is crazy that field guys do
you remember Oh Benji GT the field that
we took our pictures that was so tall
look at it now it's harvest what are you
gonna eat part of that field right now
like right in there we took the picture
right down there
that's so funny we're stand-in there
like running to it I feel that's crazy
and now it's all cut as well as I was an
inevitability out of that corn I wasn't
prepared I missed that corn hi there
friends friendliest friends what do you
found
oh I'll take that for me years now we're
getting the Caesar salad different and
look to have the little kids menu are
vegans you know like a watch it's
blowing around here it's very your phone
now my aunt but thank you
what do you want a car or a pendant drop
the Panda don't drop the Panda what cake
with your life friends we go and place
the cake section run huh which we knew
our friends standard I'm two years
married I might as well let myself go
you know stock up under cakes I'm not
trying to impress anyone anymore meaning
you got em what did he call
since she's distracted by our friend
here we're gonna need that forklift we
need to go buy food but we need to get
that ring on that's 40 Oh as we moved
here and has oh really is that a
barnyard thing in there oh she just come
here and got some hot dogs
oh my god it's not so good he's like
where's my doggy friends I thought my
god your friends are here
because we'd say cleaner yeah everyone
should get the older she can walk away
not the bonito is the buffalo toe
Buffalo low kinda buff Alito when did
his teachers getting spoke Aledo
departure
all the one ambos and they make it here
look the posh dog you should bring Albie
Albie Anubis cool again there's like
flying box behind
okay go we should do that noise you know
I'll just tile the books in the ceiling
then it doesn't get them
come on up Momo Momo Momo is a bumpy
road the smell here is incredible
mixture of like I don't know a barbecue
sunshine and flowers or something
look all the hay over there look we're
looking for roses roses
I'll get ones with actual roses on it
though they could have already come in a
little bit what you want two rolls do
you have it hybrids
a few brands so I'm just like dark
please let me just show you it yeah so I
mean this gardening place I'm just like
sitting in my chair I got some cakes
today that was a pretty good day yeah
yeah okay I gotta go I like fun
parachute is bees in this place huh
get have a feast feast gotta feels high
nice you know as I was drawing him by
the garden we're gonna be going at the
back
I know he's like bigger than Emilia guys
get some Zuma Trent
Falcon there's something else get that
out of the back it's like bigger than
Amelia so yo we're hooking up some
dinner whatever whatever you learned
karma what's the best one actually
worked I want to get my boat
okay yeah we'll try some we got folks
couldn't decide and I got the vegetarian
when I got the korma one
pardon what is it with this on the bus
seat huh we're deciding the bus seat on
the outside of the bus though but we're
technically on a bus seat on the friend
so you'll be on going to school every
day one of these don't you try and jump
off don't you try and jump off
you bought a rosebush a rosebush and
some dinner within air huh what what is
this what kind of mover nubra is this
now what is this did you plan I know
what you wanted a you want to stand up
don't it oh oh oh there you go huh
you standing up in
is the indicator is the big tire
this will be like if she was standing
beside of us
bus is just a little bit taller than you
well that was a very enjoyable
anniversary dinner oh my god what time
you get married at 6 o'clock oh my
goodness I think I was so when the vlog
goes live today we're getting married
this was taken exactly one year ago and
then this was taken exactly two years
ago and then a year from now I'm gonna
be holding a picture and saying this was
taken last year this is taking two years
going this is taking three so we're
always gonna be holding a thunderpig
marriage in Section yeah Amelia's
smiling there we go look at me with
smiling and everything huh look Joe look
at the difference look at the difference
on it's crazy how much you changed she's
in there she's in there yeah but someone
else is in there next year we need to
get a wide lens wide-angle lens
huh for the whole family hmm you
enjoying your feast of a meal Amelia
oh really yeah uh-huh I like your
collection of rice their friends and I
good connection or rice their friend
oh thank you thank you
I'll blend up I'm Jeff - boy oh boy oh
boy oh boy
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
