okay here we go we got it we're so we're
not laughing how you were riding with
you
Oh powers gone powers gone
don't sway you know when a last thing
you do before you believe your car for
knives you at you get Peters on my hat
are you gonna take away food you bring
it home I get into card for see you
morning your life I would like a pizza
we're gonna take away breakfast are like
every breakfast before I feel like I'm
going to just get lunch I'm drawn to
just getting the lunch one unlikely key
here for breakfast
that seems like a good break banana loaf
cleanup an analog print
I got a tea cake then the coffee and she
got it
even touching looks really good it's
like super sunny we're technically
outside we're not really excited about
that size will work fine and right bring
to sunny in tight spot
so it kind of worked after the power of
no actually feel like it was it was
beneficial in my appetite
yummy yummy maybe the power should go
more up
walnut so do you guys remember yesterday
I was talking about how I was like going
through a phase of like fiery Keating
boring like not she wasn't eating that
well look at this she finished the
entire muffin the banana muffin so I'm
thinking like maybe I should bacon on a
bread board because she obviously likes
that she loves bananas I think that's
why she looks red but she hates the
entire thing like there's nothing forged
and throw anything prettier - good but I
should probably be myself read before I
don't get my mother for my mom used to
heart it's a real like mom
I've actually go over the GameStop and I
have pre-ordered GTA cuz I wasn't
actually gonna do it I was like I'll
just nip in under 70 and then it was
reading that it's like selling it
everywhere before and it said like if it
sells out to be no restocking till after
Christmas I was like on oh dear okay
okay I do not realize my series to watch
let's go pre-order have you parked your
cheeky oh my goodness if you can get a
look at being one that's got a cat game
okay oh well while we're here I just
have a quick look little Prowse the
little Prue's what but I got officially
invited look invites evil midnight
launch on the 16th
he's kind of good look who's that who's
that hi
who's that he's a real baby there who's
that baby there
lady she's kicking the legs leg like I
finally changed my fighting because in a
picture had for ages and I was like I
should update it but now look I've got
the trio verse in it don't do it don't
do it friend don't do it don't do it
don't do it now do it don't do it
already lost this up huh
we've already lost a sock
with the pin this is like the second
farmers market on a Saturday and Douglas
not the one in mind point never been
through this once I don't even know my
way around even know what's here was not
it's good though I did all that bread
let's get something for dinner or for
lunch yeah asking something here you
going out with Steve though you gonna
alright this is what we've opted for
buried or turn and again the vegetarian
war she's getting the kitty wanna win it
please
most cases ila well it doesn't happen
you know if I meet a my meat I'm a
carnivore
huh
she tried to make this at home you know
well you watch pay attention
cheese oh yeah yeah all in she's
blogging when you want a film Brent I'm
going over here okay I'm coming over
here what's going on guys
oh she's the tricks over okay all right
I'm just gonna come along here now okay
I'm just coming over here I don't know
why I'm so popular all of a sudden get
this Mongo
so I'm Ana his figure there and Amelia's
baby one is better yeah so maybe I got
the rice the rice in the media got the
baby part are the kids burrito
I don't know how about the kids yeah and
then I got the veggie burger one but
it's cutlet of mayonnaise and it's my
gosh the Mongo meat feast quesadillas
what no it's not so that's their funny
you know you've gotta be through like
it's just like a wrap but it's not it's
like a pancake make it so soft and
squishy let's cut it open to see what's
inside
I think there's like jalapenos oh yeah
save it
okay
break up
No
good morning again my little friend
yes that was my impression of a
ballerina a ballerina mommy's gonna make
you be a ballerina well hope you okay
with that hope you're okay with that
oh I don't even turned on wasn't even
turned on friend huh welcome miss oh you
sure your dollies out here so you're
looking for yeah
welcome downstairs and have some Mexican
food
Oh lay on delay on delay Arriba Speedy
Gonzales well what did you do it
what's going on here hmm mommy's back
from her driving lesson mmm
these plates huh holiest pagolis there's
a bowl around here somewhere yeah kunos
hmm mini Peppa Pig Bowl huh let's give
you this real quick change quick change
you like your new Peppa that's for the
bat for tonight I'm gonna play a pass
trouble mom you like pepper make your
new Peppa page yeah she got it for her
because she like handed to turn the shop
yeah yeah just like I chew on it oh no
way Oh
for her do you pick that friend did you
pick that is that Peppa friendliest
friend Peppa pair yourselves prepare
yourselves for the cutest thing you've
ever seen
are you ready for this wait so first she
wouldn't even stand it
good now she's actually grass hey farmer
member Joe barber me leo
oh my god you're so good it's so cute
looking here yeah thank you
okay walking okay wait yeah wait in did
this you fully okay chic and it's too
hard oh okay here we go we got it we're
so you got this friend go go we're not
laughing how you were riding with you
like stretcher what is your book like
you know good girl you did really well
though thumbs up for millionaire booties
like she's making it read the other ones
hey guys here bagel peppa pig wellington
boots
your flower yet oh yeah your flower
thing yeah I told him I was like it was
so funny cuz he said exactly same with
you I was like um oh you know they don't
make the plan or vows with done you know
yeah like it so sad and then um he was
because I was saying like I was looking
at newer one yeah
and then I was like well Jonathan was as
he like you know looking at cars flying
cars or whatever and then um it's not
even two buying part it's like
researching yes like shopping for cars
researching things researching is more
fun than lying he was like oh really
enough he was like a nice um Cabriolet
yeah should be your next yes right yeah
the cream one with the beige interior
and the cabin oh yeah that's me what he
but yeah I was telling him that I
probably get that like 2008 or 2009
yeah the old one version uh I don't like
the new one yeah it's flatter Amelia's
birthday party I know what we need to
hire hire oh my god you might put it in
the garden huh you want that imagine the
entire garden take it over this thing
it's so cool
yeah oh my goodness that was us a year
ago tomorrow okay so when I sound
different it's not looking oh my God
look Bob's betcha - like Tom's good look
sketches give a pair of shoes away
really cool they upgrade from like the
saddest day of my
look it is like one's the amount of are
the ones that it made women but
apparently they don't make them for guys
anymore they've stopped me they make
like uh naw but there's so much better
oh my why
okay I like them why do I like girl
shoes I do I like girlie shoes huh give
me one better
maybe I should try something else on I
do like to sketch your Brando
people ask me are these all airbrushed
are these you know portals taking
pontipines
like they will comment exactly like it's
really good do you get the look of it as
well it's really nice that you won't try
it
order past ones do I do that online we
got a new baby really getting a new baby
that is a good salesperson I went over
to have a look of it I was like on a
leash comes over search on me boom about
way and it was some brand new one which
has a frother and everything I will show
you when we get home but at pretty good
happen after one oh yeah what did you
make huh check it out all the crash
jacket at Amelia's birthday party yes
it's so cool isn't it
and here's our anniversary picture oh my
goodness look how different I look okay
different I look compared to back then
and me and you both of us like I'm
pregnant that's always easy
and we're gonna remain in the shot too
so cool so I'm gonna post the
invitations to my mom you're not even an
envelope anybody got any popsicle boys
yeah I'm gonna sneak up and put it
through the letterbox will be everyone
Shh during this next team is Shh nobody
breathe a word
I'm going good we're doing another Drive
like this way we're going to Steve says
good morning Steve delay to meeting on
Friday just Steve so if I can remember
cuz I'm on you mean it their heads once
today I'm like wait till these cars out
front with a liar thing on it I just
matter there's like like well whoever is
getting invited you know cuz this is
never name because that's the address in
the to be at this address at this time
pepper cake wants you I actually don't
even remember which one it is really
embarrassing
so we got half the invites delivered for
all the local people now we're gonna
have a look
Oh something like that let's oh my god
anyway it's got a frother on it it's
frothy 40 and she gave me 20 of the car
I tried a couple of them like a wired so
I got 20 of the level tens he become let
me know what level you drink we also got
our selection of all the different
flavors as well so we're gonna have a
party - then we're gonna join the
Nespresso Club what's good huh hey this
is the capsule collection that we got
and we also got it's just party over
somewhere else isn't it let's be over
here yeah Oh Toronto
how's it get a small piece small beta
bar chocolate yeah the Dean said yeah oh
these are the coffees that I bought
because I tasted that I like this going
here let me know what your one is the
one you guys like we're just hanging out
it's hanging out watching some Saturday
cartoons huh hanging out watching some
cartoons hey I'll be deal
Simon squirrel no way
oh sorry so it's cool when your friends
gonna call you huh huh let me go with a
nickname for your little no-name Ciccone
Jolie I can't ignore cookie joke
everybody I didn't know hansik enjoys
feeling funny whoa whoa there whoa there
you're upset
you've split you ever okay everywhere
needs to turn the computer upside down
look you can turn it back now oh no oh
no ah this again
hey hey secret adventure guys
shh-shh keep it down some of you may or
may not know that tomorrow which is
actually when you're watching this vlog
right now two years ago
I'm married doing with my drinks Anna is
by far the most beautiful woman I have
ever met in my life and by far the most
perfect woman for me in my life
nobody ever I had I've had no god I've
had a lot of failed relationships out of
all of them and in myself like from the
day I met her I just knew I just knew
I'd met my friend Leah's friend you know
and it's been an incredible experience
like when I met Anna I had like nothing
like I had nothing to offer her okay I
cast her in a music video I was shooting
but I had no money I had I was living in
like a bedsit little apartment I was
just a student I had nothing to offer
her but hope hope for the future and
you know she's been true so I always
said like you know because I'm an Anna
she like one of the hardest struggles of
my life and she's still here and not
only is she still here but she married
me and then she had two kids of me so I
think she I think she's into me
I don't know I'm not very good at
reading the signs but I think she likes
me two years married my goodness huh I
bought a lot of diamonds she's lost a
lot of diamonds so I'm not buying her
diamonds game
I'm tripped but um yeah just to get a
card and maybe I'll get like a bag of
cotton or something funny it's just a
gesture it's just a thought it's just an
acknowledgement to say you know our
friendliest friend I love you I love you
a lot and thank you for sharing this
life journey with me you know thank you
for understanding me putting up with my
crazy ridiculous ways allowing me to
pursue whatever crazy thing that jofi
jokes gets into she just supports me
thank you for letting me film our lives
for the last three years or whatever and
just not ever complaining about it just
going with it
I know I can be fairly annoying at times
you know but um she's here she stuck
with me she stuck with me and thanks for
making Amelia she's epic and thank you
for having another kid which is also
epic which I'm pretty sure is gonna
gapek oh good night guys
see you guys tomorrow for another day in
the life of the school Judy's it Lou Lou
Lou Lou hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Joley
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
we'll be ass Wow hahaha
