good morning and welcome how do you
start the vlog hares annoy me good
morning actually it's good afternoon
because it's not morning at all it is so
weird shiny thing on my face my watch
I can't start vlog just establish that
it's not morning it's afternoon I am
about to go to the school to drop off
some stuff for the scuse me hilarious
joke
it's the nearly new uniform sale or like
the second-hand new uniform sale except
this is a new uniform brand new in fact
because Jonathan bought like 25
different uniforms not the uniform shop
and is basically never going to I mean
it was a few weeks ago to be fair but
he's never gonna bring them back I know
he's not so he hasn't returned them
they've just literally been sitting on
my in my kitchen for weeks and then this
email cropped up a bit the nearly new
uniform sale and I was like woohoo I can
just donate them to the school basically
we have had childcare today for a couple
of hours so that I could work and it has
been amazing like a part of me is
obviously feeling the mommy guilt but
then I'm still feeding Alessia all the
time so like I'm so breastfeeding her so
I'll I keep like I've seen her lots
today you know but I have been able to
get back to work and I'm actually
thinking but it may be possible that I
will have three videos up next week how
mad is that but I just wanted to update
you guys because this is just incredible
I feel like a new woman and it's only a
few hours like that's all it took I just
needed that time to like get organized
to get stuff under control and I think
I'm gonna film when I come back um I
think I'm gonna film a video with
probably do alessia's five and six month
update cuz that's how long it's been and
my last video was like the four month
one I do have another video filmed that
I need to put up and then I think I'm
gonna bring back what a Wednesday's but
I'm kind of glad I did I did take a
break as well because I feel like
everybody deserves maternity leave and I
never really thought about it like that
before cuz we work from home so it's
very different it's very like blurred
but yeah I know it's definitely a must
so I need to go now and drop off this
not nearly new not so much nearly new
brand new uniform right alex is here and
we're gonna see how high I can get my
hair no we're gonna be really brave guys
because I'm gonna try and see like I
like my hair line and Adam mocks me and
I'm just I'm just not feeling this
what and it keeps mocking it on my hair
I don't know we're gonna see how sure I
like short hair so I'm gonna see how
short we can get my hair now when you
look like you I reckon if you just took
this yeah I just wouldn't give scissors
there chopping done was it
job done what you sat down
oh no dude iPhone charger work like for
charger which is it I just yeah I don't
know I don't know some of you guys are
new here everyone's new here every day
there's new people here but I am I got a
hair transplant about two years ago
let's go home see but it's in my hair
look like alright we're finished
chiefly with my brains crazy looking at
no it's all bloody in self what do you
think that's good yeah I know
it's crazy like when a girl grows in
life
you look old quick all right
good morning friends
we're in hotel smoke it up you see them
this way nice calendar for this wall
there match up with this which they got
you to Tora and then you get to enjoy
his calendar instead oh it's so cool
look and it'll look way better later on
when it's like all the Bloods gone I'm
very excited and then ever since then oh
I love short hair what I've been too
scared that if I actually cut my head is
short it sat in the garage if I cut my
hair too short it'll look really fine
but I'm gonna just see how short I can
make my hair and hopefully I don't look
bad this is also become a bedroom of
late literally I've done nothing lately
but hopefully we're gonna get back to
making friends friends video
everything's gonna be great your kids
are gonna be happy in the world will be
a better place tada
what do you guys think huh okay we
change the part we part what's is what's
the what's the technical term for
changing your part
even better something they might rent
area so now we just there's no more
flicky part whereas I like it I like it
you can leave comments if they're
positive if they're negative it's okay
okay keep it yourself keep it yourself
I gotta bring it right a tool but I'll
go be look at this mess Jesus oh my god
so just this just arrived as we were
joking about the hairdressing right look
it's such a cruel block so welcome to
the club and it's from L'Oreal we love
your beard welcome to the club
from there L'Oreal man but it does say
we're my own personal towel we've got my
own little hairdressing scissors look
anyone I'm professional now thanks
L'Oreal and even know it doesn't seem
like his time has passed and we are on
the way home from Roby and I went home
and I got Eduardo's scooter for him it
is now you have to be a good boy okay
what because you didn't bring your
helmet so you have to be very very
careful
did you don't want to fall so when I
collected Amelia from school there was
parking wardens inside the school so I
was like no so I have to drive random
park like way way away from the school
when I was coming back here I remembered
so that's why I got the scooter parked
way far away just walked all the way up
to the school parking wardens are gone
I'm like yeah could you not just like
tell me when you're coming and when
you're going that way I can plan first
day of Mommy being back to work how was
it she had so much dinner as well
she had sweet vegetable medley for
dinner which is one of the em Annabelle
caramel recipes it's basically just like
all the root vegetables and mashed up
together but she had so much of it for
dinner she didn't have not much for
lunch but um for dinner
she had like the whole portions that I
gave her which was insane like she never
ever does that
so hopefully that means she'll sleep
pretty well tonight she got up early
from her nap as well so I hope she does
actually sleep very well tonight but we
were about to start bath time now and
today was a very productive day I got
loads done and didn't feel didn't manage
to film a video to say but I'm gonna do
that tomorrow so that's okay um and then
I should be on track for next week gonna
be exciting also I'm up for this like
celebrity mum of the Year nomination
things like competition thing which is
like it's like the funniest thing ever
so basically I'm up against Kate
Middleton
so like the princess of this country um
about Clooney and like loads of like
proper like legit celebrities that I
have no business being up against I just
thought the whole thing like I didn't
even know that this thing exists like
that this was a thing or that I was up
for like thought I was nominated until
somebody tweeted it to me and was like
hey you're up for and you're nominated
for this celebrity mum theory I thought
it was a joke
I was really um you know unique e-baby
unique you be me I was really just um
flattered that's like a lot of you guys
have been tweeting me saying like I
voted for you or like um you know I hope
you wait and I'm like guys like no
please don't don't even like waste your
time because it's just not even like
just lately everybody's just being
really positive and nice and
kind and I just think it's really
flattering that some of you would take
time out of your day to vote for me on
something that I clearly do not deserve
so thank you if you did but there's
absolutely no don't listen to her
friends she doesn't know what she's
talking about
how cool would it be though guys if we
crush the votes all right I just I was
just adding in a video there and I saw
and I was like oh this is crazy I know
it she's like blown away and that she'll
even be nominated for something like
this and I was like you know what member
the last year than last year we crushed
Radio Times we became the overall we
beat every TV show every other channel
we became like the ultimate Radio Times
winners for something hmm
I got a trophy or something but why did
this year we put the same effort in
making this every moment the year man
I'll be so cool and then she feels so
good at it so I'm gonna leave a link
down below right you just go to keep the
link then you go down you kick out his
name and you put in your email or
something like that and then BOOM I
don't know how many times you can vote
but like crotch add Jared question
repeat Sharon question repeat okay do it
do it you can go back but my name is
Karli frolla cauliflower who can find
feel who can find Alby
oh I mean it's getting really quick okay
move away move away hands off hands off
who can find Xena who can find Ganga I
suppose technically you're both correct
I didn't give me they also pointed up
Bianca who has a telescope
all right we can to find the baby
monitor thing
attenders 50 debates do debate with for
you this morning the kids are up in the
room and I was like chatter waited and
the hence they sure like telling them to
do stuff but you got she watched him
there's Keith this morning yeah yeah no
yeah great yeah I could you know call me
tomorrow okay bye
this is the decision you just the iPhone
X guys exclusive access to the iPhone X
because you can talk back but it was way
this pointer icon your you know like
talking to a student we like children
are all you know when I'm putting it
there edit force establish yeah you guys
watch doctor it's over now so good
Joey Scott she gotten into lately
American Horror Story
we watched the last season's won the
Roanoke those calls yeah
Roanoke American Horror Story if you
haven't watched yet we lost interest in
American Horror Story I think it was the
circus one in a hotel leading by two
watching em yeah I like the first tier I
didn't like them but then we got into
Roanoke amazing do way they told the
story and now we're in the middle of
watching the one with their
president-elect thing or their phobias
with the bees and stuff for that it's
actually got I recommend that
they have modernized it it's it's like
oh boy let me just add a little bit
alike no they have modernized it's good
now it's good now all right we've got
all fish pies well I didn't know it's
gonna be I don't know I know it's gonna
be hard
yes you shall be told we shall be :
