small problem oh my goodness that not
gonna stay on
morning everyone hi Albie you mean
friends anymore there Bianca Navy
oh no they're Abby's getting better if
we call my friends it's a slow process
yeah took Amelia is a big girl now huh
she just stood here she doesn't sit in
this thing anymore huh
she loves that Smurf
she's mad for that Smurf - you're so
cute yeah okay - you okay - yeah I can
stand - mom give me a chance
so Johnson's gone off to mountain biking
too much I'm making do man - like two
mountain bike put never use you're
supposed to say wow just look at house
managers boy no boy you can't even see
it so yeah go we're flying alone isn't
it funny I have a perfectly good sat-nav
situation here but I use my phone you do
that you have like sat-nav in your car
most modern cars upside now right but
then you end up using your iPhone
because um
Mountain you can just like google it get
the coordinates jacket into the mouth
boom you know that means Google Maps and
he's Bakugan ops and cars look at her
cute tops she got it from her friend
it's so cute
my friend that I hung it with yesterday
she got it for her in Spain I think it's
from his eye but like it says cookie
chocolate best friends
I think we have a thumbnail actually
Jonathan reminded me of this we have a
thumbnail on one of our videos that
looks like that but it's cookie and milk
I think hi I look so huge and stuff
thank you for when I was not pregnant
but it's definitely not her much like
right now I just look like not good
we're gonna plant right here yes sing
everything I've lied in your best Dublin
voice oh yeah actually actually got a
runny true laughter The Dubliners not
right to make a Google
oh my god so there's these cute little
Robins outside and they're like playing
with the dogs I'm not even joking like
they're flying from one fence to the
other like one end is to cook the garden
to the next and they have no fear can
you guys see him it's one over there on
the fence they are so cute that little
guy there and they're like they have no
fear Eric and I are wearing the same
jeans that's like it
I had to put her little them sunshade
off because actually that's really handy
because then you don't even need the
little sunscreen thingies and the Sun
was in her eyes but she's fine today
you didn't realize how hot of us and I
was like I have a scarf on and big
cardigan and everything and it's
actually really hot and humid so problem
is I don't have a lot of length we have
arrived bike made it through these gay
driving along the bike for the first
time you know every time window were
bumps and stuff I was watching it the
bike like it's the carrier thing into my
carriage but we made it
we're here sway from a brother that
parking spot for him now I think he's at
exit 12 so when I'm waiting I might just
go for a little nip repair okay I was
excited we went to the Opera House this
is a new life restaurant cafe close in
the house I think mayor talked about the
boys
but look what we found
look and it didn't me sometimes
cigarette if she would be old enough to
go there the new baby would be there by
values may wish you would because she'd
been one and a half over one and a half
me I've got a mini crazy and her
favorite she's married she's gorgeous
back
good girls nice to me and I got them
sandwich I can't remember you have a
mozzarella aubergine and spinach I think
on sourdough bread looks really good
Jeff James Rocchi d1 lots lots of likes
I cannot tell if they're hostile is not
not yet not brofist Gophers his brother
brofist is late delayed getting here so
we know so he told me he said like look
there's a quick half an hour sort of
trail thought it was doing that way from
Roberto don't sit in the car park my
friend let's go
Emilio's humming her to chew she kind of
ate more chip
check tomatoes what she didn't really
have a lot of yeah she's kind of in a
mood though she was just like cleaning
things off she was cleaning things off
her high chair and looking at you and
she did that's like her new thing anyway
she's having some dessert now because my
mom got this which does not look very
nice right before no actually it does
look nice it's got poppy seed like
biscuits and then cream and strawberries
and strawberry like yeah so me she likes
that of course this is like debris that
fell off the highchair oh my goodness
that not gonna stay on okay this is just
a green oh no all right my brother all
right
I think I have the camera on properly
now I have it tied down you guys ready
vampy Enka soulmates you know a new
puppy do you love you're like doing
mm-hmm we're upstairs in Boots which if
so many people have told me about this
that upstairs in a serene approach town
but upstairs and boosters that this
whole mini Club like clothing section
and she's actually gotten like oh like
she has I think this set of really nice
clothes from up here and look what we
found
look that pink so I don't know what
sizes but I want to get her some of
those for her party anyway because I
want to put flowers or something I'm
gonna do something with the wellies cuz
it's kind of like you know a real Peppa
Pig thing
there's stuff there's little Knights
like and even any things that we've
gotten from like friends who picked up
some things some leggings I got this one
I haven't gotten it yet but little
ballerina and the Peppa Pig cutlery she
needs new like dishes and stuff because
the dogs keep taking them and like
chewing them up so I think I might get
some I hope you can hear me look at that
one our
we did some damage in
unfortunately they don't have them in
China anywhere
the gap in corn
only online that kind of sucks I did get
some like basics yeah
I needed something just basic stuff I
hate this stage of pregnancy I hate it I
like half show not showing enough to be
showing and not not pregnant you know
like in-between it's so awkward so it's
really hard to find clothes outfit but
anyways my annoying you
okay so we made it all the way to the
top of the brown red one whatever does
this board Broadwalk boardwalk prior to
coming up here to turn the counter
Python terrifying Kings and nightmares
are made up enjoy
oh I couldn't
so he gave me Lea so many toys so many
building blocks so many Legos the big
not the Legos duplos you know the big
ones and she went for the DVDs
she just under remote controls she just
makes a mess wherever she can
did you like all those new toys where's
the new toys and media hmmm that fun oh
she likes that kind of makes noise yay
Oh books even more fun okay don't
scratch the table oh god you are such a
little brat huh oh and media yes that's
madmen oh she's trying to stand up on
her own
oh she kind of did there okay so
immediate got some lemon cake made by
her Auntie Emma do you like and I oh I
found a box of all of her like jewelry
that I've been saving that had been you
know like presents from people and like
I found her little passport holder I
found so many things that I had been
keeping and I was looking for her
passport holder before we went off to
sorrento cuz it said like baby's first
passport on it so cute but i know me so
i put this little it's like a Hello
Kitty braced and this has a media so
she's having lemon cake and then look
she got her little Peppa Pig cop no cute
if you use two hands it's better
and then she's got strawberries and this
used to be
Erica's bib cute okay there you go you
know Peppa Pig so I'm home right but oh
my god check that out look that's what I
did today total duration two and a half
hours because I did 38 minutes that was
when I was waiting for my brother not
sure why that's his American football
for an hour and 45 minutes but yeah that
was my brother
and then that was oh look where's the
Comintern Americans why did I don't know
what they're distancing he did 15 and a
half car American football I don't know
15 and a half kilometers duration oz 1
hour 45 minutes over thousand calories
we burnt cheese hydration max Archie 385
meters we went up this is what we did
look how cool is that
I can't really zoom in but well I can't
but I don't know if you guys see it yeah
and on top of that and I did this one
which was five point seven kilometers so
a thirty eight minutes so five point
seven that's what was this was this 15
yeah I did over 20 Commerce today holy
macaroni
look at it 37 it's different in it today
I did two and half hours yesterday at 37
I haven't seen you all day friends let's
go give that to Albie Canada how we give
it to Albie marsinah we'll just take it
for herself
he's mr yeah why you're darling Albie
get you treat Albie to treat our me
yeah good girl give it to thee
Oh Xena seeing us dealer mm-hmm you're
gonna give one to peel mm-hmm
what's going on easy doggies you see the
Baggies turn what do you think we're
letting the buggy friends hold on tight
though hold on tight your fingers that
little right there it's like stand at
the door that's what you're kind of
doing friend you're just gonna stand in
there Yankee Navy all right inside
Indian beep do you know what day it is
what's that I hear you it's Friday
what happens on a Friday Oh pizza Friday
night PPF and ppppp offend I burnt like
a bajillion calories today all right I
need I need to replace replace said
carrot I feel lonely without those
calories all right what are you doing
you can't have a deficit I don't want to
go into the red oh goodness
Joby you're in debt for calories oh my
goodness the credit crunch the calorie
crunch that's the problem
oh yeah right stop sitting here talking
about the pitching go home and eat the
p-trap if you like a picture or leave me
a comment and hit the like button and I
will do my best to give you a picture
peace out love you I don't have
chocolate hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like
video and favorite this video because
there will be ah
