to see now that Samina
to the baby upstairs now
hey hey you guys are wondering where I
put you last night good or afternoon or
evening or 6 o'clock if you're in our
time zone look how amazing this bag of
amazing this is good note this one when
you look at Humana stuff that light
comes off it is nothing coffee
Amelia aspires to who is the new balls
mom's marriage part papaya fire just in
here Oh hmm these are crappy maternity
pants the ones that I got from a sauce
last year and our last time they are
remember I got them when I was like more
pregnant and they did not fit at all
because they're kind of stupid they like
tie like regular ones with a button and
they have these elasticated things here
so they're not really good for like when
you have a proper bump but for right now
when I have just like a little bit of
like bloat or whatever they're perfect
but in like a few weeks I won't be able
to use them and wear them so I don't
really recommend that the best ones in
my opinion are the ones with the big
band that goes all the way up here like
you know those ones so I'm going to our
mommies mommies Meetup Oh mommy's like
coffee kind of morning thing and it's
actually the girl who's like host hitter
who is hesitant is actually Steve's wife
so she's really really nice but anyways
so I'm going there with they all have
babies as well and Amelia and I are
going there too this morning
I'm still feeling a little bit morning
sickness II so that sucks but I'm gonna
bring my picture for my skin and show
the girls because that's what pride
mommies do some real I can't look at my
second
maybe to see not at Amelia
the baby upstairs and miss everything
was in the office do it again friends we
all missed it girl now I wanna fight let
go
what's gonna happen they go for a second
oh oh she did though first looks like
I've seen her sorta get up and then fall
over again go good you gonna stand for
your birthday don't stand for that carry
on
let's do this friend ready here we go
hands-free baby she could probably do it
she's just not confidence you know I
think that's it like oh it's good
beautiful for a girlfriend I love it
can't you mm-hmm unless of course you
push her don't do it again oh come on
how's it going now no oh
she liked the trail of it all Oh Satan
you like that certain exit she just get
up there a bit fancy
yeah but always just don't help or don't
help right oh good girl that little
noise I wonder you're okay
so we're just picking up some scones
I brought the jam I feel very like okay
I brought the jam because usually I'm
like oh my god there's such a good smell
oh it's feel not probably at the petrol
station but um it's the bakery smell oh
my god it's amazing anyway so I'm
Meineke Diez
there's Amelia and her little friend is
over there she's so excited are you
excited to go on a playdate
are you excited she's so confused and
look she matches her car seat kind of
cute oh my god it smells like you know
those pecan plants that's what it smells
like
we're so excited look at this it's three
by the way
it's between the bed you guys are so
cute together you know get it to you
over there and into the Popo hopefully
the camera tripod thingy for the bike is
in for tomorrow
looks like a bring you guys with us on
our mountainous adventure hopefully okay
also AM in about half an hour I'm doing
a radio interview thing on spirit energy
it is that did it did they cost
no no Jane I think she's I think I
didn't attend just cause of a monetary
but it's been 103.8
they were writing me this morning they
were talking about the oversharing thing
there was this integrated into about a
week ago in the Irish Times and they
were talking about this oversharing
thing going on you know and I think this
is like a follow up idea that you know
because some people are like super
against having any photos of their
children online they don't even have
Facebook's they don't even have
Twitter's instagrams and then she's like
and then it's people like you who are
like the entire jokes position of we
share everything intimately in a way
with our community around the world and
stuff and and I think they're just gonna
like talk you know it's kind of a debate
against watered it what's good and
what's not
I don't know I don't really know what's
good what's not I just I just know what
works for me
I think everybody's got a different in
what they want basically everyone likes
my opinion is like everyone likes to
like share achievements in life and
things that they've done right well
Amelia is probably the best thing I ever
created so I kind of want to share that
with the world you know because she's so
awesome
alright I can't I need to share this
effort you guys need you guys need to
see her you guys need to well I think it
came along with whoa what's in that box
it's ginormous
esteem for my customers now are like
your lost baggage you won't collect your
bike you know what I don't have any loss
baggage I'm having a loss baggage my
gosh anybody let's open this thing up
here we have it this thing is so simple
but look how cool it is it's just like
that clips on there and then the amount
is on this and I kick you guys on there
like Oh epic so check tomorrow's lottery
is tomorrow spot
yeah no tomorrow's luck because this is
plays well tomorrow gonna are touching
so yeah this person lives on fancy Road
fancy row
what oh my god there's some wear to work
off fancy road oh my god how cool these
are already fancy is that really fancy
in that road like I need to make a trip
to fancy Road media had an amazing time
I think she just she made friends with
with one of the little girls
Lara's daughter Libby because she loves
Peppa Pig like loved Peppa Pig and she's
three almost four and she and Amelia
like totally bonded over Peppa was so
cute she was wearing up a big top and
Amelia's wearing one and it was so cute
and she's giving her hugs and kisses and
everything and then I mean I was like
snuggling her it was so cute so she had
such a good time and now she's calmed
there she is
fastest hope and a friend
so we're exhausted we're just waiting to
pick up another little boy in school so
I'm just parked here it's actually a
really really nice day today but we had
scones and I mean I got her lunch and
yeah she has just such a fun time it's
really nice to do stuff like that
especially when you're a mommy because I
think you just got like I don't know
overwhelmed sometimes if you're just at
home with the baby all the time and you
feel like you're just kind of going
crazy
so what helps to do like the things with
other mums but you can talk to and then
you're like okay I'm normal I'm not like
a complete psychopath I'm not going
crazy cool vlogging and cycling huh it's
not really cool see just it's right here
you can make sure you tilt it as well
I'm pretty till today I don't have to
set it up when I get up there tomorrow
but it's not really cool good night he
just locks on like that yeah yeah like
only fun times now but these are things
that take these things off and add these
along because let they match it's really
important you know important to have
things that match
the old London yesterday wax you look
cooler like a little green stuff I need
to get a green camera this is a crime
you know yeah it's too like I need the
lucky for that doesn't look cool how
many times if I just said cool box like
go run box I just we're home nobody's
here
while the donkey's are here so I'll see
if you guys can see this when I practice
our walking and our standing okay
crazy little friends come here
maybe yeah yeah good girl
oh stop obsessing over the camera what
you want the camera No
all right let's try to camera up a
little spin see look I can actually see
it as I'm driving along she's kind of
cool
I'm gonna get like a computer desk here
now all right I'm gonna just scream for
a little test run to see if it's right
like I'm not sure if I should have a
town so you see the wheel part or how
high up I should have it and stuff like
that stick around for a little test run
I can't find the little fluffy thing the
wind dampener is that'd be real cool if
I can't find out it'll be just too yeah
it'll be too windy and I won't be able
to use any of the audio but I do find it
so if this little girl was tired she's
gonna go down for a nap exhausted as
well oh but I still need to fill my
video for my channel so we're gonna put
her down she got some new toys and she
got a new book so we're gonna read that
I'm gonna see if she needs a feed or not
cuz I'm not really sure she really does
or not but we'll see and then I'm gonna
put her down huh my damn pronounce news
she hasn't really had a nap proper nap
all day she slept in the car
good morning again boop boop my little
friend named you dog's poop you playing
with your dolls you playing with your
toys you a toy player you know I'm just
thinking there you know my brother his
son went to school for the first time in
his life today everybody sent me some
pictures you know and he had like his
you know perfect little uniform on and
he has a huge school bike and he was so
excited you know and then he went to
office and like he had all the pictures
of him like he in his class and stuff
when I was like that must be really sad
you know when you're a parent and then
you have your kid like goes off to
school for the first time like no in
your project he's like really excited
I'm like wait a second your school comes
her house but it's like it's so cute
looking and there was this huge school
bag like you know I don't know I just
looked at the picture and I was like I
was just picturing Amenia going off to
school and I was like I'm definitely
homeschooling her I'm definitely home
you're not going to school are you are
you oh sorry
you gonna school do you want to try to
QuickTrim don't wanna get to him
all right let's get the guys know a
little help okay
hi
you can't get your card if I have to go
fishing for the first time ever what my
daughter are you ready to go fishing
friend are you ready to go fishing
okay little guys not fish Oh starfish
don't try fishing all right let's put on
the fish back in we're gonna catch and
release program here I'm so looking
forward to tomorrow but I will say since
I started this management Viking look at
my legs I like I don't know what
happened there and then here and then
all the way up here and in here and then
that's one thing right check out this
thing Oh cut scratches good look at this
yeah how do you know any things are
coming from
it's just bruises and bites and cuts and
scratches like all over it I think it
sort of areas like a like broken and
destroy but it is so much fun oh my
goodness so I know they're gonna be like
after tomorrow huh who knows friends
splish splash and I'm having a bad oh
you give your toys away
oh you're so nice
boom boom boom boom boom
pop pop oh good night my friendly is
Fred
goodnight my friendliest friends please
come by tomorrow and check out my family
because we all love you forget to Like
and rate the video don't forget to leave
a nice comment for Emilio huh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
