here we go here we go let's remember
today's remember this one last year the
journey begins journey begins with
paying for parking that crap
hey guys guys we're having cute moment
ha I'll see them render one day excited
exciting morning in about one hour
well we're gonna leave in about an hour
at about an hour and a half friend we're
gonna see your friend your friend huh
you're probably not quite understand my
name of the scan it's now 20 to 11 we
need to be there for oh there's
something on my screen sorry but ah
there we go we have to be there for
quarter past eleven so we should be
leaving at a quarter to I think I think
I'll get yeah that would be idea anyways
so I do not want to be like okay guys
newbies
she's small like she's a brat what are
you doing hey Amiga let's go get you
dressed
you need to work pretty outfit because
you know this is Jonathan was like oh
this doctor is the first person she ever
saw was like what was the first person
not me but I suppose he's actually right
anyway so she need to make that Oh - how
was the doctor's because it's their
first time seeing her since she was like
two months from a like eight week check
off for six or whatever was so yeah
let's go
here we go
run to stretch folks you know when we
walk in the door we'll probably get a
folder yeah you know we have to fill out
the photos like where'd my folder first
I thought that is a green folder just at
the end of our pregnancy last year or
the year before it's a last yeah yeah
just at the end of pregnancy today used
to be always read but they introduced
the green ones and Jonathan was all like
what use me um should we have a preview
like why I want a green folder wailing
oh no it's just like yeah all the women
like who would like weren't showing at
all had the green ones yeah and all they
like preggers preggers beggars ha ha
yeah
redwoods so we're getting a green one
folks now if they're like oh we've
actually changed the back of it like I
wanted it give us a pink or a blue one I
love ya so I looked on the gender
Chinese gender prediction chart and I
can't I actually can't figure it out
because I have no idea what our
conception date is you have to like do
it by your conception date and the age
of the mother or something like that at
the time of conception
obviously I not worry yeah sure yeah I
did it with the media and apparently
well I didn't know the ink I didn't know
the context
but I somehow I did it I calculate it
maybe with the due date and it came up
girl and I was like oh and then I put it
in at first I said boy when I use the
due date but then I try to like figure
out what our conception date was and
it's like between the 26th of or the
24th of June and like the 1st of July or
some or the 2nd of July so if it was in
June that we conceived apparently it's a
boy but if it was in July that we
conceived a parent needs a girl huh so
it's like what if we conceived on the
1st of July that would make it like a
girl but then so I don't know if that's
actually true or not but like oh my gosh
I was so interested I with the color
independence be cool name yeah oh my god
knows there it is that so we had Amelia
you're running across that carpark and I
had the car up there oh jeez jeez
remember that day folks we're gonna be
doing it excuse me coming through
lady with a baby here we go here we go
just remember today's remember this one
last year the journey begins journey
begins we're paying for parking that
crap
hi I'm here to have a baby it's official
folks we got the green folder
we got the green folder we got a scanner
should we get one I don't really care
what was on when we when we register for
birth like it doesn't matter I'm she has
right nameless oh my goodness that was
really scary cuz it's brisk and without
oh yeah one child one check you check
the room ham and cheese toasties all
around
she's got hers I've got mine you had
some cherry tomatoes earlier I need to
fill this out now I'm so excited when I
know baby bean it's really small and I
think I'm not sure because I actually we
kind of got sidetracked because anemia
was there and stuff but I'm pretty sure
he's asta mating me to be a week behind
what I think I am so I kind of messes up
the whole pregnancy blog thing but I'll
figure it out I'll ask him next time I
have another appointment in two weeks
but it says here is nine weeks estimated
due date um I'm guessing mrs. American
terms April 1st 2014
so that's like a week later than what we
thought but I'm not sure if that's what
he's saying or if it's just what because
he said oh it looks pretty like exact
too it looks pretty close to what you
were estimating yourself anyway so
leftover chicken in your pop essentially
I'm having go goes for lunch just check
your date go goes no techinique go goes
tastes like is it as good as first day
go goes what is going on here huh what
is going on here friend this is usually
full of peanut butter or dog food so
maybe you shouldn't have that can I have
that oh thanks oh thanks a bunch
nor my hat here
what up you look so cute
ah to me when I'm friend Susie okay oh
my god you look so cute huh thank you
thank you you want it
thank you want it oh oh thank you leave
the room for one second
look at the destruction again huh
you broke the light friend alright you
are in detention you're grounded oh my
goodness
alright let's move you to a safe area
swine and Amelia are asleep and I need -
look at this fine a forest a forest so
much fun cuz on Friday myself my brother
are gonna go back up to Bali hora which
is art Patrick or the Limerick and quark
north quark sound Limerick I don't know
it's under border when I'm stopping a
little I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna take Thursday off Thursday off
maybe not go ahead and Thursday kind of
rest up himself and then we're gonna
attack that mountain but this is so cool
look in here it's so good so tranquil or
something I you know you're on your own
at here so trying it's tranquil there is
tranquility I send strength energy I do
I was in the back
oh my I was not prepared for this
it's incredible oh the wood they're
amazing looking here there's probably
another way I think I went up the trail
instead of cycling around to the top of
crown going down Israel I must consult
the Google map again there's been a home
point I'm probably capable of doing all
this without her breasts you know it's
kind of cool to have this one close
enough that I can actually do it but I I
should check my stairs recording my
delusion said I'm a yah her breasts
record as you press right
but am I know where I am
I hope weeks I'll come back up here at
this point I'll turn the blog on I'll
save on this I read searcy ranked our
body
mr. I Ralph is the DeCordova a casual
interest to a slight hobby to a
full-blown obsession so you guys can
never know Joey disliked my spikes I'm
like I don't know it's just like it's
become like everything you know it's
crazy this place it's mental like the
things that you drive past this place
all the time you never even notice and a
bike you like you notice things that you
would have never noticed before like you
notice things in an area day you've
never noticed before everywhere is like
a little adventure probably every turn
is is an adventure this is so much fun I
feel like I'm a kid again or something
you know well I did just fall into a
torn brush a moment ago and that was
that was not Charles like he that was
painful
suddenly hello everybody my name is no
named sequoya Tori I will be joining the
very range for 200 properties um thank
you I'm very looking forward to meeting
your acquaintance
that's my sister over there she's very
blurry don't find her I've heard I've
heard rumors that there's doggy friends
this is my first time I ever see
ught that's my first toy mm-hmm who are
you who are you isn't it easy that's a
person it's a per Sounion a Ciccone and
Julian is that a boy then little Willy
there no is no idea no idea what that is
but it's like you're watching this on
your daughter
no name's Akane Jolie this is crazy it's
like it's like it's like now it's like
real you know it's like beforehand it
was real and everything I thought we had
a pregnancy test which is the first like
oh my goodness all right but now it is
like nothing for a while but now it's
like we saw heartbeats and you saw a
little person squirming around there
like a little Squealer this is so
ridiculous guys I know it's crazy
oh my goodness you excited Joey you
should do if you're excited for the baby
you should hit the like button if you're
not excited you should hit the favorite
button and then we'll just see jumping
out can I help you here
can I help you something little Oreo
Mouse huh oh I've been there
are you freezing in this lovely
selection huh I wouldn't do it if I were
you
when she's country don't do it Emilia
I'll take it so I'm fried chicken Stella
burger what do you think sweet chilli
Phillip or sudden fright villain
beauty is a hypnotic Oh ready ready
let's go Albert hey Myrtle Myrtle paging
Alberto Shh punk
oh crap hey everything's alright
everything's okay hey wait I'll get it
easy Jackie give it give kisses will do
them if you get keys you two meet on the
way out are you rolling over yeah I did
ah medians applause - a minute ago I'm
trying I'm trying to get her to go do
them we're using at Nirvana's on globe
album here oh that's broken up crap
I was broken in why won't you dance with
me why aren't you that's it me Amelia
look at this huh have you got something
to say for yourself hmm
what example are you going to set port
water oh it's not even in not even
getting to water it's my sweater fresh
allspice no no no wait
thank you
oh go carefully you poked her in the eye
careful poking a doggy don't poke the
dogs in the eyes
good oh you see that's call a friend
holy hippopotamuses this is a mess and a
half right let's go put the back on it's
bad time
are you sneaking up the stairs are you
sneaking up the stairs are you a stairs
sneaker you keen on Haiti Doris $90 Oh
Oh Mikey it's doing what are you doing
huh
what are you doing huh huh Lily oh
baby's doing good it's although baby
doing good whoa baby strong good huh way
off the little baby don't go into the
dark scary room don't go into the dark
sky roll and now he end is near and so I
face the final curtain my friendliest
friend ah la da da da da dum
Papa I'm certain hello everyone my name
is Abigail
Winston de chocolate all lit head yes
even though that beautiful hair Amy you
may enjoy my hair my children too
closely ok ok is my friend Amelia - Amy
yeah no Amelia that's me alright we
gotta get into the bath friend 1 say
good night to your family as friends
once again my dear friendliest friends
friends you guys are hurt it's so crazy
that like I know a lot of you and a lot
of people have probably started watching
us after we had Amelia you know in the
last year you might have come on board
and sort of start
watching us and stuff isn't it crazy
that now you know you probably a lot of
people probably gone back and watched it
but now you get actually watch a legit
from the beginning again like this is
the whole thing again and it's like it's
such an adventure isn't it it's gonna
like go by so fast in a way we're gonna
look back on this footage and be like ah
you know would this be like de menthe
our you know the montage footage the
thing that you make up for it's like I'm
like sitting there going like hey guys
do you remember that and the music's
gonna kick in now and it's gonna it's
gonna cut to the gender test we actually
should do like loads of like fun gender
you thingies we didn't last that last
year we got there intelligent thing with
that that didn't work out because it
broke remember that so I don't know
pretty excited what what it was now so
we're like 10 weeks or something so in
six weeks we'll probably find out the
gender exciting red ice and your
birthday is next and I was in this
annals like oh my god you know we're all
talking about Amelia's birthday and then
we're all talking about the new kid
coming along totally forgot myself and
Anna's wedding anniversary is the first
in September which just hit a couple of
days so I was like okay that's what you
get for I know the first year was paper
what's the second year paper scissors
and then the church is a rock and then
you just got paper scissors rock is that
our oryx friend I have no idea what
should we do huh
mom and dad are my two years your 1 year
oh oh oh my goodness
what a fun time September is hmm what a
fun time all right put that on and say
goodnight to your friends
night-night friends see you tomorrow
heroes Mirel Oreos what you'd open that
yo peanut give a ride do it do it do it
do it do it
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
