it's okay okay what is a neutral neutral
okay first gear everything's okay there
you go there you go it's okay it's okay
although everyone else miss the lights
it's okay it's okay
good morning I feel so much better today
and I'm so happy I'm just like Oh
finally a day where like I actually I
don't actually feel like vomiting the
minute I wake up um it's still not a
hundred percent but it's way better than
yesterday and it definitely the day
before so um Eric has actually coming
over to she's staying over tonight and I
think tomorrow night's also that's fun
I'm sure Amelia will really like that
and the dogs the dogs love when she
comes over cuz usually that means she
also usually walks them as well I think
I I'm feeling it's like a lot better so
I would actually like to go maybe take
Amelia out with them cuz usually if I
walk them obviously by myself I can't
take community as well because I have to
do two at a time that's just too much
with the stroller oh god oh god it's
like oh my god this is the person me
it's terrifying it's most terrifying
experience my entire life I was like
we're just hanging out in a mini as
bedroom yeah what's that is that the
talkies no numbs and the talky string
keys look good girl
thank you she likes the bowl is the best
so funny and look at her little outfit
it's so cute
my socks are a bit random but they
actually kind of mine took the little
leopard print so it's okay yeah but I
love the little peppa pig t-shirt that
was from a subscriber say thank you hmm
and it matches her boat perfectly yeah
you want to kiss the doggy in a drink
ease
thank you well they're big tire tracks
official folks it's official I'm in the
country in the country I live in your
house a very big cast in the country you
guys remember that town that was like
the biggest song of its time drummer and
it was like Blur and Oasis there was
like a big competitive thing is like if
you're a racist fan or you're like a
blur fan I liked both so peaceful out
here isn't it it's a peaceful nature
it would appear and fir happen to the
country I go the bigger houses need to
get him which makes me think I'm in the
wrong game I need to get into farming
need the money than climbing look at
this beauty I found here oh yeah that's
my future home that's my dream has I got
myself a little field you know what that
feels good so a barn like this build my
way up yeah
makes me farm bill and minecraft I've
actually come at like maybe five months
which means five miles home again I'm
not nuts thank you oh you're a good boy
- I think I hear somebody yeah she's not
really a long time though I think that
was like two hours good
Oh oops hi down i sleepy sleeps did you
you did it must have just woken up
there's no mess it's up this dougie hmm
good girl
jumping this up yeah okay fine yeah I
just didn't know in the de l'Arc right
you dancing me dancing yeah you like
another ballerina okay let's get your bo
on the go
and guess what guess what this is coming
Erica
we're gonna see Erica auntie Erica hey
what you got there what you got there
what you hiding behind your hands have
you got a yogurt filled goodness huh you
got over crunchy bar he can yogurt
pensee bye huh
we have to go to a friend
you bring them with you yeah Oh beam up
crew I cycled under and the road were
thrown now you're driving and road road
road or a team learner's team blueness
eating like their friend gonna have to
take Erica and I'm gonna get something
news it won't fit Nana's gonna drive
this team Erica says to lunch and then
back home again all his cars come with
wires no cars in the road
why would I would
we're excited to drive under broken road
I like this the right of it
deal oh yeah the other opposite ways to
go down to a random vector that is not
as much fun
it's just that right now
like it's been a while
it's good those guys though I know you
learn more I think driving on your own
like this
then you will like it Steve
exciting friend it's okay okay
neutral neutral okay first gear
everything's okay there you go there you
go it's okay it's okay
I know everyone else mr. lights it's
okay thank you thought it's okay II know
anyway okay okay he was gone just you me
now this is the real world okay
why are we driving in the bushes are we
driving universe's sorry hello hello
give me way too fast what you mean yeah
yeah like you nearly kill us off
Oh Kate I know that's what makes you a
better driver we've all had our horror
stories
oh this one way yeah yeah I think so
anyway
I've never seen that part yes you like
virile just look at okay folks
Jovie said is one way um just drive
straight you and we'll go to go flow
don't even bother trying to get it spot
out there no Daniel Dan here go Randy at
the periphery of the carpark let's go
having too much fun
no no don't bother with that one no no
we're great city overflowing those ones
are too complicated you gotta heal here
acceleration swinging into the forest
that's trying not that I don't want to
end up into ravine I don't end up into
ravine I'm going now I'd rather just
push the clutch in special kitchen
don't tell Steve oh it's called coasting
it's amazing just look at you catch it
now look car drives itself boom boom
itch that would take it straight right
it'll do Drive in here with mom that
tree humongous all right let's go okay
this would be a good real spot IQ for
the bike not actually it buzz down here
it's not a bad little spot so far better
spot me hey oh my goodness I looked at
the Anna brought her wallet because I
totally forgot cuz I didn't with my car
keys then I was all like I'll hope so
check before we order otherwise Erica's
pain
baby chair yeah look at this carry on
house my parents rented the Bellinis
boom let me go friend didn't we get
nerdy kids me last time oh yeah what did
I get I remember I like this my camera
order was his idea some sort of smile on
everybody's breaking up Junior and
Ariana Jerri Anna have broken up who
else who else is the recap they're in
somehow two months there's the epidemic
here but I didn't know about shipping
people together I thought you're saying
shift and shipping
you guys should shift me with somebody
who'd you shoot me with if that's the
question
mom are you hurt you can't you
although it's only treaty I thought when
he said stack I was thinking like 20
yeah exactly a big guys about this high
but it still looks really good though
meaning that's an opossum I have to
sleep with the cubes of butter I mean it
might like to keep the butter I got
there she goes either standard that was
really good i had this you and I did
have the brand reso
that wanting to say era happened it's
actually yeah it's cuz they both begin
with you Mia is having her sons she's so
funny she like stopped looked up at the
light and laughed
she's not gonna do it again give the
fans your raisin yeah yeah yeah and she
even got some cherry tomatoes that was
actually quite cool because I don't
think she's got that last time she's
good to live a weirdo but she likes that
cross ah that's a good one together it's
got some ham and the cheese and Erica
had some pancakes
Jonathan finished them home it's always
like probably the worst
a couple of questions you don't know you
do they say not they say not to do it
with your other half for that reason we
should break up to do some conspiracy in
our breakups
mania don't do it don't you be so bold
she didn't like that
doesn't like that she pings mean that
was a tasty lunch
the Lynch munch are you ready to drive
us home oh yeah P drive you do repeat
driving first time first time be driving
you might find yourself driving a little
bit more erratically and as your as your
foot starts still I vibrates you to need
a pain you might actually start hitting
the accelerator so Eric I was just
looking for a dress
I forgot that everybody's getting their
Junior Cert results on the menials
birthday that is so cute
so Eric had like she getting hurt junior
results on immediate birthday which is
very cute just as well her parties and
on her birthday when Eric how would have
to cancel your plans just kidding but um
yeah so Eric I was just looking for a
dress I think I'm gonna go up I was like
nah I'm like Oh mad or something not my
mom aroma our OMA anyways so yeah I'm
gonna take a quick nap cuz I'm wrecked
after all that driving it just really
stressed me out but um
yeah I think it's just it's so much
harder when you're with like your
significant other in the car rather than
when you're with like a stranger or not
even stranger somebody else but you're
not like so close to you know it's just
it's totally different because I feel
like I got way too panicky when
Jonathan's there and it's not even his
fault it's just like I don't know it's
just like cuz you fight with the other
person and that kind of thing or is
you're not gonna fight obviously with
somebody that you don't really know as
well or you know it's just like from the
outside so it's different but anyways so
yeah I need to take it a little less
recuperate yeah so I am I noticed you
today never sent it and I didn't even
know what it means but look do you go to
our channel thing look actually says a
lot verified for verified Oh Eric are
you ready to experience Chacon Ian that
wasn't very excited can I get a
yeah Thank You Amelia that's the
enthusiasm I was looking for I mean is
very busy again so I can chew on her
mail while it's watching Top Gear hello
dr. County are you ready to become the
tasty new and consumed by there's like
killing injuries oh yeah because I can't
let him in if you're like that it's
going the other way I'll be yay good boy
beat the system I know you
I would so Rose mine dick and I lit all
the candles forever
Erica sucks you really funny because
that like Tommy I think it is that's
what maybe I'm not whatever
candle holder matches exactly the same
as the placemark
it's so weird without them like
competing different faces well that was
a tasty meal I'm totally cool I couldn't
eat anything else what's that well you
know we're over there whoa nearly forgot
the most important part
hmm now need to make this a bit
healthier vegetables chi Chi's a
vegetable
he should know she's is the vegetable
adding
oh my goodness is there somebody else
here this is somebody else here we have
an assistant we have an assistant oh my
goodness everyone is in here has never
been as many people in here before
overcrowding overcrowding huh hey DJ DJ
oh yeah crazy bath rave party you need
to get some glow sticks there's a story
time but an evening Falls energy greens
over pause and guesses I'm ready
she knows nothing more than a night in
the crown doesn't get scared by up on
the rooftops you bastard the song sounds
like your father your dancing and
passing all night long good night sweet
child
oh look back 20 viewers one night hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
