good girl thank you thank you
last one good girl
thank you
hook up in the morning feel a little bit
hungry got emptiness building up in my
tummy gonna make a cup of cup e'en have
some Partridge watching Peppa Pig
watching wife working hard ish dogs
going crazy because they know it's the
morning they're tasty tasty time and the
feelings of boring would like a cheesy
time were jumping okay whoa get girl I
was kind of walking falling huh I mean
yeah could me kill me come here
you don't need the couch you just think
you do Dandan wanna thing is so handy
like 30 minutes a distance duration
heart rate it has a map thing there but
I turned it off for a second which is
really cool actually might upgrade to
the pro one because it has a speedometer
and stuff on it which is kind of fun to
see when am I gonna threaten em little
thing I found out if you can see the
Rope obviously with some sort of a swing
I was acting like well I yeah like go
across it and try and get up back probs
knobs practicing hogs learning of that
advance of a warrior yet I'm thinking
ahead and Andrew is a bit of a road and
a huge hill between here and there's a
trail of the road of Figment last night
but daily problem is is a huge Hill down
hood you'd be like this is so much fun
we then when I get to it and have so
much fun and we're a myself out and then
I come home and I'm like oh yeah I gotta
get back up that hill it's May I'm he'll
make then em good girl thank you
thank you last one last one
can you get it you get it good girl
that one's a bit tricky huh good girl
thank you oh stop okay that mommy do the
these cups because that's kinda that's a
difficult one huh
that's a bit dangerous but thank you or
you can help you with this plate here
look where's the plate wanna give mommy
that good girl thank you she's so clever
4.7 I ended up here I'm gonna face my
fears I'm gonna drive on your old rocks
Road hopefully
whoo I did it
scary rho0 jofi one what the hell Rick
Mathers no Trey what are the nutritious
probably not
oh my goodness that was tough going but
I did it never Nana wrote my doggy
friends hi doggy friends I know named
rabbit friend oh we did rabbit
oh gee wake it up back it up that's a
let's go take your frustrations outside
whoo whoo whoo swim swim ooh trophy
jokes mm-hmm
all right you know time it is guys you
know what time it is oh no a tuxedo time
is it cauliflower time it's not
cauliflower time it's jakku you too
creamy garlic and herb chick tired
brother to me nothing Oh Papa don't
forget to add to slim stairs don't
forget to add slim stirrers sisters in
charge of chicken and chicken garlic and
garlic and chicken it Carla enjoy making
them before the press the photo printed
about the purple
oh my goodness
Alvie is playing when everybody I'll be
I'll be good it's right it's right it's
right get the toy go and get soy yo V
gets toy you leave and somebody gets
wavy get toy gets toy come on kids toy
ami gets we get to Tommy oh come on
these things are gonna replacing anybody
else I'll be I'll be fine
gets toy you trying so hard try so hard
to play it on
Nevaeh uh-huh he's just going to pet
Otto gets toy Abby gets toy come on kids
toy gets toy come on come on get soy
gets toy that's all you see you can
going on um yeah yeah yeah gosh what's
going on in here
oh my goodness
I'll be got the toy I'll be which toy
you lost it hubby bitch boy good boy l
btec toy Hey oh goodness
oh no he offed it alright I'll try
something crazy fun on J something crazy
fun come on come on come on come on come
over here this way this way
Oh see she can actually do it you can
actually do it but um she just gets
scared she's not confident enough to do
it yet she can and sometimes you're like
let go for a second be like actually
standing there and be like oh god oh god
I hate that you're gonna panicked of it
she wasn't even enough yet that we've
actually managed to catch it on video
yeah but any one of these days will get
it oh jeez
where are you going so I remember not
all things just got a little motor and
they're the kind of bands in the place
distributes treats as though treats in
it by that I let it all fit in here
haha ah geez keep it down what just all
right let's check on the chicken there
to go nicely
check out the slim stirs let's get the
slim cheese on the go Oh full grill
jacket on my friend toast the slim stirs
um slim sir espress slim storexpress
come on up here you go friend
did you pour ketchup oh yeah slim sure
Express it's not very special or fancy
but it's tasty and good it's all that
matters sometimes hmm all right friend
you want to slim sir I'll tuck you up
I'm gonna give you a half used Oh hips
teamster half is slim just pretty darn
good girlfriend ego friend you plucked
this over here right and we need to chop
it up though to you strap your slim
stroke for your phone near the baby slim
stuff baby slim stir Express baby steps
to turn middle city where he's wrecking
it oh no hidden doing this emergent
situation ego friend who are you reckon
this is fantastic
yeah you know it Brent right not
hey guys I'm so sorry I have not been on
at all today again it's just it's so
hard and I feel even bad for like
repeating myself all the time but I
literally just spent the whole day in
bed and I I do feel a lot better than
yesterday but it's just like more
tiredness now it's just like
never-ending it's crazy but um thank God
for good husbands like Jonathan because
um I thought weren't for him I don't
know what I would do and Mia
took two naps today the first one she
was woken up and that was kind of
annoying it was nobody's fault in
particular the dog started going crazy
when they heard our neighbors or
something like our car pull up or
something which is nobody's fault but um
and then that they just kind of I think
they just got really rattled off anyway
because I haven't been really giving
them much attention at all today so they
were just you know frazzled and they
woke her up and then um that was really
tough cos done who was that
this bike and everything and I just have
like zero energy but um she went back
down for a second nap so she's just up
from that I just brought her down and um
she I think she's having a little snack
so we're gonna go to my mom's house
tonight my mom was like are you sure
you're okay to come and I was like yeah
of course um I said this morning that I
was feeling a lot better and I am from
yesterday but I did not expect to have
another bad day I hate this like I would
much rather be doing something
productive but um a couple more weeks
and hopefully this will be over takes it
all but if you close your eyes
OOP hi hi we're gonna almost house when
Alma's has more taking two up two up
what whoop whoop
I'm your left I am yeah oh well mommy's
just inside for a minute doing a good
thing for the neighbors
just hold your eyes are we women or are
we dancers let's go let's go let's go
come on
what's this hose here in a while great
for some pasta friends yeah best friend
pass the friend classified pass the
friend over well don't say member once
and queen let's do this
you guys know what this is huh well
hello there hello there
one each go to town get in there now get
in there no or on the goodness don't see
nuts Enoch get your one geez I just like
finish yours and then jump over alvie's
maybe I feel like it huh Apple and
Blackberry fresh from the garden
actually and double cream double the
cream that's you for you dig in oh yeah
oh yeah only call again oh I think about
just for Coolidge obviously don't eat
the ice cream it's crazy ice cream there
to cool down the crumble and then I
cream top of it hey dougie are you done
looking for the donkey's friend oh oh no
let's go pop this here hopefully we're
all in frame I get to be
um mania Melia pretty you doin you like
that one I'm gonna keep that one oh you
put that in the file is that the keep
pile in occupied what's the plan here
this is where media puts all the cards
that you get sent in the p.o box and
then she likes the sort room every night
this is a Peppa Pig here it's a Peppa
Pig party a little cake oh my goodness
come on friend it's bad time bad time in
the city with their new bath technique
with any bad time fun time chillin our
friend Richie doing their friendly try
to get to the music trying to get to the
music
yeah I said bad baa black sheep have you
any wool yes sir yes sir I got you back
full one for master baa baa black sheep
everywhere you are yes sir yes sir
I got true byrsa hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
