don't you crap hi tonight I love you
I mean that has a very busy morning this
morning did them don'tdon't that's the
old block hammer what the old do level
but the 1i easties recently she was
trying to grab this and as well they're
all charging at the moment but she I
think she found it all right
and then she has it looks tough you like
that friend hmm
it's a dual shock Playstation controller
you'll wanna be my playstation friend
you wanna add me on the PSN hey there
hey you make any way over to me you
thinking you over to me my Park area
where we live it was really scary I know
it tends probably pathetic like but are
three scares like oh my god like leaving
like the safety net no like I'm not that
far away but I'm a bit away you know I'm
using my endomondo app which is daddy
but it's like oh my god like I was
really scared coming out here you know
but am I'm tomorrow a venture further
away you know and then you know just be
going like wow they gonna know about a
cycle at Tesco no well like it's like a
Tesco buy them cuz there's actually a
lake run which goes all the way to Tesco
which is quite nice I mean maybe I sleep
so it's pudding in here open air Mackay
jump there anything you gotta did air
times let's see this may not work at all
that even work
you know it like probably felt to me you
probably felt like I got about ten feet
off the ground put in the video if I
were like you know first an airborne
that was deadly that's gonna jump high
friendly is friend huh you admiring in
my fancy that's a sugar words record
metric metric Marlo's you like them you
like them that looks funny don't you in
there turn this off it's turn this off I
have a shower so I'm gonna put you in or
mommy okay we have to be nice to mom
okay
mommy's making mommy's making you a
friend a friendliest friend
you'll have your own friendliest friend
see you're my friendliest friend and you
have your own friendliest friend
you guys can conspire against us they'll
be conspiring oh you guys will get y'all
bikes we get you a bike movie next year
you can second you can cycle with me I
designate you my son if the other one
doesn't work out the next child can be
my daughter all right come on let's go
parney niece is having a bad day hit the
cancel her appointment with driver steve
driver steve driver Steve yeah the
concert reporting because it's too much
it's like a day on day off thing isn't
it give you a hug this is this is a
group up from everybody who watches the
videos everybody hey well well well you
kiss my wife for yo that for your Emilia
poor thing and so funny how pregnancy
can be so different like you know the
first time ii imagine you had this the
first time you've been like are you
getting no pregnant again
you know where you had an easy the first
time draw like this little monster she's
taking the butter off her bread you are
a monster you know what my sister used
to do that Emma she used to like lick
butter or like I just add meat whatever
topping off her bread like thought look
she's actually like trying to grab it
and mean yeah that's kind of gross I
feel so bad of it canceling my lesson
but it's just I went to bed about two
hours beforehand to see if I would feel
better and then I woke up like an hour
beforehand no she's like no way so
actually I was gonna go anyway Johnson
was like there's no I know you like
there's no way you're not in any
position to go so I cuz I hate I hate
cats like I hate just like not like
letting people down but I just I don't
like that I'm like if you make a
commitment it's plausible only an hour
beforehand so I just felt bad in general
but Oh anyways it's so hard to know as
well with this morning sickness thing
like you don't know when it's gonna come
because it's not it's not morning
sickness actually it's like all-day
sickness really
yes I'll be annual you understand thank
you for and look at this now I mashed up
some it looks gross but I mashed up from
I have a cat oh because I saw Kirsty
doing that yesterday with Mika and what
are you doing seriously would you just
eat the bread look she's trying to get
into the butter
good girl maybe it's a bit big actually
but yeah she mashed it up and she
actually liked it she ate it and
immediat doesn't usually eat the
avocados like when I chop them off she
doesn't like it as much so for me I'm
having soup because I think that's the
only thing I can stomach right now and
some toast and that's it I just
oh it's do lose thoughts building entire
world fact fact on my nose ah I actually
want to go see you today Fran look I'm
looking at it right now
I doesn't even need to be in the screen
when it's right there in front of me
well this film is kind of hot weird
uh-huh have a compulsive need
something already here like get holders
I really want to get a camera holder and
a phone holder so I have the phone is my
GPS that Navin like and timing are seven
more the camera you guys can come along
with us
times finds out now like Anna needs to
accessorize your clothes and so well I
need to accessorize my toys somebody
must agree with me my question you
poison Alvey good girl yeah that's where
you put your cup hi Andy little ball
he's like clinging on for dear life good
doggy
the doggy is having a fun time yeah yeah
oops you have to stay at the back yeah
let's go this way
look this way good girl
you know how it's just like your little
car just a bit heavier that's all Lauren
isn't feeling well
you go old-school roses there's no pink
roses yellow the whole school and just
get red roses how do you have any treats
for mania for movie time so cookie dough
ice cream roses I got some light bulbs
in case we have any brilliant ideas
that's bad cookie dough is ice cream
the Honea had a ton of presents for her
oh look you guys covered me that thank
you
I know you're feeling down so we thought
a selection of roses that make you feel
better
I got your tub of ice cream too you know
huh cookie dough cookie dough and roses
you can mix them together he needs two
roses to dip we got tons of presents
okay
chocolate chocolate chocolate this is
epic okay daddy's ha ha let's go over
you friend new friend thanks so much
everybody had said to stuff as always
it's way too much way too much honor got
loads are here supplies for the party
but not I'd show you guys we're stuff
coming in from Australia and everything
special straws and cutlery and bunting
and everything did you buy everything
from Etsy yeah yeah it's really
cool-looking
oh we're not let over there no be
excited it's gonna be happy
hey hey you she's open upon don't you
cry tonight
all right let's go for running time come
on fix back you'll fit in right well
look he's got a visit us on you've got a
visit on what push it he's going the
wrong way
you you pushing the big truck huh
now you have a visitor on you can do
anything you want his best of magical
powers can she didn't realize it
so I know Jonathan wanted to show you
but I'm I was first I was like no you're
not live but then I would change my mind
so I want to show you guys here's a
sneak peek of some other things that I
got for in Mia's party hello tiny
clothes pegs pink paper straws pink and
look at these can you guess what team it
is I'll give you a hint
doo doo doo doo doo little doodoo oh my
god dinner so cute
so this is actually gonna be the party
table here we're gonna decorate this
whole area and yeah well you decided to
go with that Peppa Pig theme and I'm so
excited I still have a couple more
things actually a good few more things
that are coming in so I will update you
guys as we go along but I'm excited for
the final result hi you love the mission
kings but where's the key gone
please leave me P with the key in the
ignition put the key in the ignition you
have it to start the car okay put it in
start it up can I have that no I thank
you thanks
hi
today's is zero clutter is the era the
iPhone older thing which i think is
really cool
instead of getting like a satin I think
is the yeah the iPhones have all the
absolutely no these old klamath on there
and then the iPhone goes on to it and
it's a conclude you like waterproofed
and everything so that is pretty cool
chink like actually watch youtube videos
well next thing is that at the camera
which I think that a friend get a clamp
for here not the helmet cuz I think
it'll be a you know how I like moving
around I think the bike is like
obviously gonna be some more sturdy
snatch in and some cheese and tomato
Ella's kitchen puppet and mommy Hut's of
Apple and yogurt quite late to be happy
tomorrow Jonathan was freaking out and
that's why I started vlogging actually
cuz I was like oh god I better make up
the footage cuz all of his and he did
most of the vlogging today because well
you only have to look at me to know why
okay and look guys we got our first ever
presents a little no names she kind of
got like a shot because hey he's just
gonna sound terrible but we're so used
to getting fees for a media no and then
it came wrapped and I was like oh
obviously this is for a media cuz I felt
it my new was a toy and then I looked at
the label and it was like for the new
babies and I was just like oh oh yeah oh
we need to start fighting over that baby
to you it's not all of it I mean it was
so weird it was like her
not like oh my god no need no name is to
go get the bloody one no name
are you salivating Mexico nyan present
me Neil I've been a better car crash I
saw you walking by pushing this thing
and I see there's bit of an incident
here huh what seems to be the popular
problem well oh yeah whoa I thought that
happening what is going on here huh
what's going on here
geez oh geez
what's going on what's gonna with your
friends getting in there you know going
crazy now going crazy it's crazy cause
it's Friday Friday puppies go crazy on a
Friday my dinner's ready friends
bravo Bravo Bravo Bambino crazy baby
excuse me lads oh yes
how you doing Bubba only a second guard
yes papa
Oh only I forgive you Thank You beauty I
said no you're taking that from me
right she's got the camera lads she's
got a camera that recorded ordered oh
yeah you're going to have log your
little heart out
don't be poking people in the eyes oh
Jesus the bloody eyes have been poked oh
 no don't eat them
oh my goodness oh god no oh no oh yeah
stop it this hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
