she drove into the fall of it by herself
she was completely like went headfirst
she loves that a little excited stance
she actually
today I am gonna be driving to my
friend's house I am going to be going
with Amelia to our friend test person
decaf our mom's our friends and then
like Curtis and I have been friends
since forever she doesn't live here so I
don't get to see her very often and then
she has a baby now who's 14 months and
maybe she and Amedeo new friends that is
so cool cuz it's like three generations
it's kind of cool I wash my jeans my
maternity jeans and now they're nice and
tight again because I like skinny jeans
like you guys in them up so they're nice
and fitting again um these are I'm
trying to do my boy yet just ignore it
okay but um oh my god if I weren't
wearing this shirt like I'm wearing this
shirt to kind of disguise things look
how big the bump is I'm not sticking out
not huge oh my oh my god seriously
that's not with me I'm not going like
that's me sticking out it's normal it's
huge
does that mean it's a big baby or does
that mean it's twins
I don't know or is that just my uterus
renting out because it knows what to do
Amelia do you have a plan do you have oh
go ahead hi mm-hmm maybe a meeting
Theodore man Xena's emelius Theodore
dude or ended people there's nice and
clean for you no Baba Oh Theodore oh my
god he'll Peter stands up he's like the
same height and probably the same mass
intensity is Amelia like
you think so he just stood up beside it
I was like oh my god they look the same
he's having donkeys yeah we cutsies in
his new bed every tranquil moment is
ruined by up Bianca Navy Cena doesn't
sometimes everyone's like irritating
Albie she does that she like stands in
the way of all the puppies you know
sometimes I think she knows she knows
like I'll keep him away you know keep
him away from her man she's gonna
protect her mind
Albie Mike and you can do that with your
foot
give me common if you can actually do
that with your foot
scratch your chair with your foot how is
that I was entrusted with a very
important task of going to pick out a
present I think a young 14 month old
little girl would love a toy car oh my
god should I get her one of those pink
arse props knobs rods knobs new so cute
I'm just kidding okay because I just did
all the laundry and just got everything
kinda organized I dressed her and I and
I've just been going up and down stairs
and I'm so depressed from that it's so
stupid but anyways um so I need to do my
hair but I'm trying to like muster all
straight to do it I'm like just give me
a moment okay mommy's tired to the point
of like want to go back to bed yeah no
that is cool like I like that it's music
wrong so it's kind of interactive and
strong brand new first one ever first
one ever
um boobie hey do i Mubi
you end a boobie look what we're trying
to set boom
job done I succeeded i won mm-hm
and I didn't believe I'd be able to do
this she liked me come back I was like a
little girl for a little car sad or Lego
micromachines yeah it's always the way
when you're late for something
you get stuck in the middle of God knows
what's inside of excavation whoo
digger trucks excavation what's down
there maybe it's a Stargate Oh guys
since target down there they found the
Stargate the ship I hopefully to find
DHD as well you know that's the dial
home device if you're not up to lingo
with the stargates no naps the no nap
gang you guys in a no nap gang huh oh
you're so beautiful I nearly drove away
with this daughter that would have been
a fun time it would not have been fun
time because I want it okay see she is
honest knobby Donna
oh the traction control it seems to be
the designated stroller parking area yes
going home I would love to get in here I
just don't think it'll fit I want you to
get a bigger one toy our Smith you know
in kinsale around the bay
what kind of cat is this again what kind
of cat is that for a minute cat okay
honey she is hello you look like a
little tiger media media so pretty
he's such a really can take a spin by
down here right I'm out here and I think
we got a doll for like monks an or
something but apparently there is a bite
trail and you guys know about it throw
me a comment Darren give me a do me up a
Twitter let me know I was reading a
forum who was like bike riders dottie or
something I was an Irish for him
trail-riding my sanity come up here
there is a gate they say whose gating if
you are truly gates it's a long incline
but then at the top of it there is a
course is that it there look at the
gates and everything is go ahead that
doubt seems like the place right this
definitely is like the right area I saw
the present that Jonathan got me caught
for the first time when she opened it
and we were impressed he did really well
actually
but it was like surprise for everybody
because I'd never clear and immediate
didn't ever do so but she liked it I
didn't get to drive here because we are
kind of under pressure because there was
roadworks and stuff and we kind of got
delayed and I just I knew I would drive
like a snail so Jonathan drove and it
was probably just as well although I do
have oh my god doesn't watch one date
alright friends I shan't be long I have
another circuit I'm just like the moment
I'm just trying to like build up my
insurance so I have a little circuit I'm
gonna try I did it once yesterday and I
was like ah it is quite hard so I'm
gonna see if I can do it too today and
then treat tomorrow and then for next
thing sort of build it off it's my
process it's my process guys got my goal
runs go burn she can't go cycles cuz
I've go walks and go runs need to get go
cycles oh my god
so meanie I just is it dived or don't I
don't know don't don't
she drove into the ball pit by herself
she was completely like went headfirst
she loves that
a little excited Sam
she actually yeah like she was wearing
the right colors media is slumped on the
table eating her tomatoes and bread it's
so funny cuz her she was like Oh what
does she like to eat and I was like oh
just bread and tomatoes it's fine and I
knew that she would only eat the bread
and the tomatoes no matter what you put
in front of her so she gave her that and
some cucumber is like generally give her
cucumber as well and of course she just
went for me actually she went through
the bread roll first and then she
married the feel of tomato so this is
her discard pile over here
clearly cats don't operate the same as
little doggies so those are you friends
huh it's so much fun
hey downsit is my brother doesn't around
County you can see cuz like he's a he
trains at in Phoenix Park and we lived
in Dublin that's definitely where I'd be
going with him now you always thinking I
dunno when I get good at this when I
embarrass myself if any you guys out
there do this stuff I was thinking sure
what we should do we should organize and
maybe not I found the horror alright we
will do that eventually because that's
like it's a far better my goal is to
conquer that mantle by the way the 55
kilometer track but I thinking you know
like I'm there's a couple like they just
went out in Middleton there's a big
track at Middleton I'm thinking we
should like a sort of a like a biking
club type of thing you know we could all
meet up anyone I think stuff you know
he's no I was like hanging out in sort
of blow up in their mountains it's
probably it's more fun in groups
wait'll I'm really good okay if you guys
would be embarrassing me like stupid
like Joe Pitts new my new best friend
this is that is his bike friend hi bike
friend cause I'm G configuration
background having a me lunch and and
then I think now we're gonna go for a
walk I was a little cats are
outside you see they're so cute
we're gonna go for a little walk hmm she
loves all the toys in this house
anything new is like wow
like this Oh now after that we need some
swim stars
hamsters we've darkened out the blinds
because we are going to watch some
sci-fi movies I have like a little
folder where I like build up stuff that
I want to watch you know I mean I'm like
wait Elana goes way also and you guys
have this thing and oh mondo GPS truck
around exactly so we went for a lovely
walk it's actually really nice here and
then I realized I don't think I've ever
filmed here before but this is monks
tune the waters really nice oh yeah but
there's a really nice block here which
is really pretty huh she had some
Vicky's run some more we actually passed
a lot of dog there are big dogs four of
them a few advantages of watching sci-fi
action movies when alone would add the
kids and the wife you can have a nice
and loud watching sci-fi movies speak
now or forever hold your peace
find a bloody tastic are we gonna go
home now did you have fun I think she
likes to punch much you could see a
little nappy I'm wrecked from the walk I
got so tired because it was all uphill
going home so I'm shattered
you've got big like sweat patches under
my arms and everything but they had fun
I think you want to pun welcome home
welcome home friend all right mommy is
already gone asleep so we have just
filmed a little butter what's someone
tasting monkey moves right took me hours
to express it minutes rah rah story time
bit of warm milk and a brush and a bowl
filled it mush and a quiet old lady
whispering hush hush good morning again
my little friend be his friend
there you go
wakes with a smile on cue
and she's come back asleep hey donkey
friends there's your mommy friend is
mommy friend huh yeah sorry we have to
wake you up little friend
sorry about that little all be worth is
probably what maximal was like an hour
or something
Oh today yeah
and so yeah I was like usually she gets
a bit too our two and a half hours sleep
oh well fees no fees what's that oh hey
hey let's look at it when I saw your
matrix now sit sit good girl shake hand
shake hand shake hand she can know it is
way past somebody's bedtime way past use
my foot a pretty epic feat I can do a
lot of things in my feet I have monkey
feet monkey power that's just coming
along here oh that is that a nice depth
you want to go in the water wait you're
close to me or out there close today huh
let's go plop you in here cause some
mischief mischief maker hmm you going to
the bath for me
you gonna make your way to the bad I'm
gonna end the stairs come on mmm me pop
pop pop Coco Coco coco Bob now hop in
I'm seriously actually yeah it's your
body so cute you want to get in friend
you want to get in huh oh geez oh geez
all right let's go
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
