Oh
so the first thing in meeting I wanted
to do this morning after she had
breakfast was getting her car she's
obsessed do you love it
she loves it okay let's let's go to
Daddy obsessed with his Jonathan like
she has no interest in the little cart
every warship it look once her legs get
long enough she can there is shaky shaky
shaky that's gonna be lost
it's gonna be chewed up not if she puts
it like you've to put it in here Nick is
one of these cars but I think you have
to hold the clutch when you start it
Wow you know what I think it's funny the
cupholders are in the back it's like
you're driving along you like oh I just
want to take a selfie like for the way
the parents oh we had a true Derrick's
out there hello there are you my
assistant are you my little assistant
huh are you dad driving around another
little car thing oh my god it was so
much fun wasn't it it was a good buy huh
it was a good buy what are you doing man
they're looking at their friend she
sometimes comes wandering in here to me
it's nice because it makes me feel loved
I just be like working away and I'd
looked at and should be just looking up
me like dad Yeah right
mmm that's why I put this up here this
is like two parts off the other thing by
put it here because there's a lot of
equipment I have behind here that I
don't want her pulling at so are you
just kind of boarded off this little
area here huh my right friend now my
family's friend
it's haircut time the city roller trend
here are intense intensifying
this is an intense road work situation
going on here I have managed to maneuver
my way around it that's the thing you
know what you want to get into something
new user like you know on the periphery
of a new hobby there's so much you have
to learn you know about like the
suspension setup at a bike you know like
that's why I haven't bought anything yet
because I'm doing a lot of research and
figuring out like you know just a hard
tailing and a full suspension well I
have the full suspension brake you know
they're so expensive so I'm like maybe I
should start having like a hard tail but
some of the hard kids are really really
good you know and I'm like oh it's just
you know you have to learn all the new
words and all the new terms and
everything you know but it's exciting I
I certainly enjoy researching things I
know I'm such a researcher I love it I
think we've talked about this before I
don't know it just I get really excited
on my arm wow I can't wait to like weed
forums and cross-reference information
and watch YouTube videos on it it's like
it's so exciting you know right good the
trippity chop on the head of the hub I
know just the thing that's going to make
everything in your life better I believe
it's right here just notice that hello
are you having a staring contest
hi he's in trouble
take that he's new haircut we've got
twinsies hair look
I like it too
we went higher inside see we did their
higher decides we turn in tin day at the
top 'let who made itself me all fluffy
and fun hmm you're like a deadlock
staring contest here I just had some
soup got some soup you coming down
anything there let me get you some
ginger nut or something leave some
comments out of that Anna no because
she's all freaking out that um she's
having like much worse morning sickness
now sandy Shakti the comments yesterday
when people saying that it was really
bad sometimes this mixture you know I
think it's like next week is our first
gag and you know before then you don't
see anything or fina anything and I
think you know plus the sickness it was
really bad last year I told her to go
watch the vlogs from last year well I
don't know cuz it's not my body but I
remember you being like there was a lot
of bedtime these some common sense no
your horror pregnancy stories and I can
read them and then feel better about
herself
leave her gruesome tales Oh some tales
of pregnancy and if you're thinking
about getting pregnant don't read the
comments in this video oh no no no
Peggy's a beautiful glorious thing
between a mother and a daughter that
should never pick up a shop or something
get so much I'm gonna go for a drive in
your car obsessed with the car oh you're
gonna have a baby yeah incoming baby
hello dr. Lin's from Dalia Napoleon's
from Dargo Leah Dargo Leah is nowhere
near an NGO Leah just in case you live
in and go there and you're like oh my
god why didn't your dog olya know I'm
sorry I'm sorry my goalie is nowhere
near and go yeah excuse me you got like
the best parking spot in the house
friend all right let's change ah nuts
the laundry baskets have made it and now
they're an increasing in volume hmm it's
one of those days again I read or no I
didn't read somewhere a friend of mine
told me that morning sickness gets worse
I think it's like it comes in phases
like every three days what I think mine
is like works on every second day right
now but what she said makes sense it's a
bit like the surge of hormones or
something I thought that it kind of
works every three days so on every third
day it's kind of like you got a really
bad buy out of it but like yesterday
wasn't too bad and then but the day
before yesterday was and then today I
feel so sick again like I feel like I'm
gonna vomit just like constantly chase
tastiest cheese we have kind of gave up
a game of Dariush stuff like two years
ago and you know it was a lot of summer
had that tasty cheese in the world
friend from the fridge friend
yeah Bridgewater bitch waters the best
water all right are we gonna make you
smelling an itch the toasted smelling
image come on tell us it's not an image
all right let's toast this oh honey
honey sandy what's that like is that
good is that good
tell me about it it's so mature so tasty
it's for bacon cheese
we've given it a little rascal Roscoe
Roscoe ge ge cook nicely my little
friend
nicely I feel like I'm panicking a
little bit because I'm like I don't know
if I'm ready for two babies under two I
mean he is so small and right now like
before she was I you know I could handle
her fine but right now because I'm so
tired and I feel so sick all the time
it's really difficult for her like for
me to handle her to like you know pick
her up all the time and like tend to her
and play with her and I just I feel like
I have no energy so I'm just that's
making me freak X I'm like how am I
gonna have energy for two but then my
practical mind is being like okay well
you're sick right now you're not gonna
be sick after you have you know you're
not I'm not gonna be pregnant after I
have my baby piece though oh my god but
yeah please tell me this is normal
I'm not the only one that's going
through this Oh bubbling away like a
cheese tour t-shirt bubbly bubbly toy
and try genie macaroon Maris but they're
chapped them all up oh my goodness
friend scooch scooch it huge
all right that's Jacquemont your friend
what I can eat me but don't like to eat
me yeah let's start with this little bit
here while they cool down munch that in
there's no cheese and ham on that one
but that's just like that's D hors
d'oeuvres
that's friend salivate the palate Oh
follow that up with some tasty ramen
ramen ramen oh oh
now just put this bib on you Amelia got
Ching hai I haven't thanked you yet
there we go hi oh I just added a few
things to your list
I love the ask Jonathan to do poop it's
so terrible to do a poo and go friend
there you go I got the viv on tell me
Becky oh I meant down to to the ad shop
again this time without a media excuse I
had a meeting last night with me it was
just really a difficult to do anything
so this time I'm gonna get out
yeah you probably make it a little bit
easier okay lb medicham time me yes
watching Peppa and clean with photos and
cards from subscribers Sookie
okay Alby let's do this
take we found the one if you found our
new friend I think it's this one here
talking about for ages these are the
prices because you can get these things
they're like shorts that have the
built-in from protection thing excuse a
delicious ready ready
fit fit go boy
okay good he is he doesn't like the
medic um very much but he knows he gets
a treat after so that's good boy good
boy
okay give everybody else a treat huh hey
get pissed but I'm gonna giving
everybody half you go
think think I might have gotten to know
that's why she's choking right now so
neat isn't it yeah click it's not a bad
job you know what did you get T oh I
went for the cube since young attention
because it's got the RockShox it's a
pretty good bike you know he said you
won't break it on the mountain but you'd
be able to blow it in and then I went
for a 16 because I am s this is pretty
cool yo I'm gonna bring it outside it's
good brakes as well sure wrong moment
anyway he said they're good brakes said
they said it's an awesome bike was scary
bringing her home but she's here now
let's bring it for a few shots ease I
also got a free servicing so you'd like
to meet when when you bring this back to
your first service next month he's like
I don't want to see a king like this I
want to see a filthy dirty I also got a
helmet and Bal Hellmuth is gone now I
also got special pants pick up these
gloves as well these special glove
things endurance clothes anyway these
jokes look they look like normal little
pants we got these so I can wear them
underneath stuff
the big cushion cushion cushion you know
just kind of like like jump it up on
curves and jumping off there once was a
sudden in the sky it was backing in me
ye I was trying to a drive test as goal
what I couldn't see which way to go cuz
i thinkin son was it bi then I came into
a surprise there be room why you say
just enjoy enjoy the sound of a v8
hey hey excuse me
Hey uh-huh
did you have a nice sleep did you
daddy's just fine out
we'll help me back soon okay come on
let's go again
so not cool attest but look they left
all the only see there should be like
this solid there's no Aaron decent solid
air in them they're the only ones that
got left
look it's kind of unfair can't one of
these what will not be too strong mmm
it's probably best to try something
different anyway cream Eau de Cristo
quality pearl or espresso
at a protest other the farmers market to
pick up some coffee roasters play the
best thing in the world
the minute she said like nachos I'm like
I bite a pack so it Street before
yeah right one look at it is for people
who owe me man have one nacho they have
one pack of nachos please that all you
again I should just find a notch s and
bypass the dip do you need to dip
for the same prices with dick I thought
she liked twice as many nachos
I'm drawn to
I want to get the kiss or I get the kiss
plus an extra pack
we got the nacho setup here we're gonna
add some cheese jaha's I got the
mozzarella and cheddar cheese so it's a
bit of a bit a bit about this is going
to be a monstrous montage city oh yeah
the Beast is ready the Beast is ready
Thank You friends who is it ugly friends
huh
is your doggy friends in we pop in we
pop if you gottem a pool or something
oh I'll be wind out I'll be right out
have you a doubt I'll be wind out hey
friend ready for a drive alright let's
let's put this up we're gonna do some
laps
Oh
whoa
all right folks
no more messing about fan oven check
heat check baby check wife check movie
check oh good night
say good night pony
I'm trying to talk here yike Arya Stark
Iron Man
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
