now is there anything in there so Hana
is having triplets he said it he's got
it he's calling it good morning friends
we are off on an adventure to London and
we didn't bring any chow no it Oh
b-bomb oh no cheese there's an airbag
went off and guys today's a very
exciting day because I'm trans lock here
crap look at them look at them engines
inconsiderate builders Oh for lunch
today friends we're going to natural
kitchen oh yeah that's why I'm coming
along here today guys for that one
reason one reason only a natural kitchen
all day breakfast Oh Marylebone how I
missed you
hello the friendly dog we hate the dream
I guess the Russian exercise you know
what I dreamed a dream to nowhere
window
this is usually there's not much to
prove it's the poo our is if it's when
you connect me this is her second time
doing
like murder for but actually she's been
doing by coming in at a whole bunch of
the pregnancy
Oh yesa technically visitor like plug P
fibers on thinking huh
did your always to her in marijuana and
you always got the breakfast the natural
kitchen
you just had a different page huh yeah
so she's always been with us even when
she was a fetus
you need a visa you can beat this
traveller
we didn't have feel it to baby work but
we are we in a ghost terminal I went to
am a Ghostbusters thing with Eduardo -
that you are there to direct it was a
promotion for ghost was firmer I brought
him in the slammer with that everything
but everything was Paddington Station
monitoring they closed down a terminal
and it was supposed to be like a hunting
experience it's pretty cool I didn't
blog what tricks I don't know you guys
stuff yeah Eduardo was not in school
raining so it's probably like over a
year ago who's killed uh I'm taking a
freeway Victoria Station free weave
oh yeah I'll go for you you wait there
okay follow the black line just make
sure there's no it's not gonna be any
issues here we're just gonna follow just
oh no oh no oh no we're not
oh no yeah we're lost and that's yeah
this is to groom that you were found
here yeah look at you back here in the
room isn't that mental they're like oh
okay
dressing huh look at you
this is the room she just met the man -
pull - mm-hmm this man they pulled over
mommy now is there anything in there so
Hannah is having triplets he said it
he's called he's called it officially
thank you let's take a cross let's make
the crossing all right we have finished
we are here this is what we really came
here for we only pretended you
understand guys we made that appointment
we did all that just for fun
it doesn't matter there's nothing else
matters no nothing
this is what matters natural kitchen the
power of good food the power of good
food
Anna's gonna come through that door in a
minute she's downstairs changing Alessia
we won't have to change it to meet they
only think we're to make it go
who do you want unless she's having her
natural kitchen breakfast a bit of
natural breast organic natural breast
is what it's all being work my friends
Lexie's having a falafel even a plop oh
so you gotta let you gotta bet leakage
or something yeah
little wet punch you waiting it the you
obeyed her
we got the juices ah talk it's all clean
like the other guys history is repeating
itself is your penis yeah feels weird
not being Frank
oh she's filling your belly she's
sitting on your belly baby
another elevator party are you ready for
another elevator party nope that's not
the face feeder party cheater subway and
then commendable how much no they didn't
it has they've been company have an
elevator and we're back in the car but
today is the dwyer Don's first day is
doing a full day in school for an
afternoon as the media concert because
we knew we were gonna be in London and
then we're like oh my goodness this
school is like daycare is like child
servers care service cheers it is yeah I
know we just listening cuz we never put
a media in four full days when she was
that age
so both it was only one collection for
our saying it's a slippery slope
yeah next thing you know they're both
being boarding school yeah
it's like it never happened and off I go
again none my marriage away I'm going to
school
to date collect my just actually
accepted water hope he's okay
although I think they went on a
wilderness adventure oh we're always in
the car and traveling on trains and
planes not mobiles my friends Joe had to
me I think you know it's a weird I
always says I have a good head for hats
you know that's why I texted you nerd
girl Alec - does my hair don't mind
saying well I texted her to come
tomorrow she cut my hair cuz I'm just
thinking guys I'm gonna cut my hair
really short you know II mean cuz I just
think that maybe cuz like this frames
eating I was trying it out I just don't
know I just don't know what I should do
well I think I'm gonna cut my hair
really short cuz I like really short
hair
okay so it's dinner time and maybe an
Eduardo having their dinner well if I
was having his pudding now yeah what you
can tell them in a minute when you start
having your pudding but look at it I see
yeah she started dancing to this song
yeah immediate used to do that well used
to do this pin over and over and over
and now you don't do it anymore
but when you were eight look she's kind
of doing it and you could get your trip
trap that trip pad that you're sitting
in used to get that to go back because
you'd go like that and it would like
scoot back across the floor no not right
now
because you're not a baby anymore so you
don't do that
Alessia strategy thank you
this is what you have to do Bianca if
her bump touches the duvet
she will pee on hmm lick lick lick lick
lick she told me oh she's trying to get
a handful like you're a the one to me
Harry no brother can you look the better
or this ba ba ba ba I would be licking
me Abel
quickly Oh Bianca baby please don't do
that
yes very nice it's like applesauce it's
Karen
Oh carrot today was it yeah no it's so
cute though huh it's your sister
it's your big sister your big hairy
sister to attention with the carrots ah
you know what everything is happy no
tell us more about the school day how
much is it half and what's it a cast
yeah
do you like to Rihanna's the Egyptian
cotton is your favorite - oh yeah that's
nothing to John Lewis cheek oh yeah
how many trade kills did they have can
tell their trades well would you look at
what time it is boys and girls huh is it
butternut Fox time it's up beefcake okay
whoa oh they're Yankee Navy began coming
even the Yankee Navy do you want to be
this guys there's nothing understand
there's nothing industry imagine having
six dogs
imagine having six dogs just imagine it
there for a moment so we have something
very exciting to share with you this
afternoon the evening and goodnight
there's something sneak oh oh
spoiler alert just something inside this
envelope
Emilia do you know it's inside this
envelope what is it is it a surprise
kind
can I get a drumroll oh sorry during
assembly are you okay well then slap it
how exciting is that Amelia great now
just to clarify friends the calendar
does not have if you know if you're if
you've been here a few years you know it
doesn't have the ring binder things on
them it's just that I wanted to get them
printed so I can actually show you them
in real life
open it up you can have my one we cookie
yeah
which is your favorite picture media no
no this one I know so this year with
those little quotes this year you can
actually see one of Amelia's tooth
smooth loose and there's these little
cute quotes on them same kind of Maine
to you but before the pictures there
they are available right now from Sakura
shop calm but they're not like I'm not
sure they should take the girl to you
once carry on okay which is your
favorite picture no that's handy and
then being there for our Goodman please
was it what did the counter smell like
tell the people are home people need to
know what does it smell like
like banana vanilla and chocolate wait
can you eat the Condors hmm I love that
smell freshly printed things okay yeah
you can hang it up well it's a 2018
calendar Jody shop calm get them while
they're hot tamales and yeah hang one on
your wall it'll be amazing
you better go get my friends thanks for
watching and liking then comes rather
than do all the things that you do have
you got any messages for the boys and
girls at home before we go any see how
much poo-poos get on your laptop and how
much pre please get out of the screen
and poo on your head
bye life boop boop is for now Oh purple
to free advert Amato's a boo boo
chocolate a triple doll with a boo boo
Keef and poopoo ears boo boo eyeballs
eyeballs and boo boo Shabbo and poopoo
immediate and poopoo daddy's glasses nah
bro after
and comment down below and I'm pooping
at these wimps was the first one for
what if I wanted to tell us that today
this videos that we did and the next one
is Etsy switz a peds easy poopoo she was
the next one then - okay bye
