that's us taking the Yankee Candle
editor boot yesterday I dropped it out
of the boot and it smashed oh goodness
that was such a mess but I gotta pick
this up and kiss I Drive over it get it
off the shopping is a rod forget a
little monsters get them off don't come
attack the chest go man three four five
six maybe next time
maybe one of these days you'll actually
get him huh
always still there mm-hmm all right
let's unload the Pylos
this made to her music so somebody is
not taking her nap and Mommy has to go
for a driving lesson so what are we
gonna do with you hmm
she fed to sleep and then I put her down
and as soon as I put her down she woke
up and started crying and a lot of times
she wakes up but she doesn't care like
she's tired enough but I think me
because she woke up at like half-past
9:00 this morning which was a little
earlier she just isn't tired enough so
kind of gonna have to cope with her a
while I'm at my lesson so Anna is off on
her driving lesson myself and Amelia are
off on an adventure
this is daddy-daughter secret Club I'm
gonna try to figure out what mom's mom
and daughter secret Club they have the
boobs and they have the special
sleepytime and everything we don't have
that
this is daddy-daughter time huh so we're
gonna go we're gonna have one saying
everyone give me couple ideas or some
places the place out in Middleton on
Ramar is a bit too far out right now
because I need to get back before Anna
gets back so I'm gonna dip up to the
kids all roundabout and there's a bike
shop up there I want to check out and
also next door that is toys that's like
the Smiths which is like Toys R Us for
American peeps
I wanted to get better by toys I think
you can get like you know grandpa's
little train I think them you can get
Danny dogs a boat or something like that
and I want to see if there's some better
bad stuff and that's a that up and
let's get back before mom finish turn
this on
don't cross
News breaker
I like the way your tracksuit matches
your car seats did you plan that did you
plan that come on it's going at
Adventure that's we're gonna lock the
edge wait a second the edge sports out
there and then just smooth all right
let's go
oh you don't mind your thing anymore
sorry about that they're so cool looking
it's a know what they are but there's
some good-looking what'd they get you
thinking you think you like these ones
do you jewel suspension or hardback her
tail
arrogant
huh
it's kind of a sailboat mystery plus but
do you want grandpa cell phone do you
you can use crayons for the bath where's
our smaller loan or something grandpa
dogs are covering sad oh no Pappas is
George he's bigger than you
and even see when this hello little girl
hello I'm a bear bears alive look at the
size of it so big huh it's bigger than
you how much fun would that be for all
the dogs in the garden oh my goodness I
didn't hear that I just saw the
cardstock and I was like
okay
here
in Aldie or eight scott has got calipers
so awesome immediate don't tell my mom
we bought this okay to my car actually
didn't do that bad of a job
oh she is little type one and a half
till five one what that's 11 look one in
one is 11 yeah I love a month French my
daughter always one twenties I see the
water stones known as a kid maybe I knew
in Ireland can relate this is my age
there was always one of these the red
and yellow the traditional one in water
stones we'd always be like hanging
around the aisles waiting for a kid to
get out that's what you'd be like but
now no we get to have our own oh yeah oh
this is a big box of any dog he's one to
play with it it's a trap it's a trap
don't fall for it don't go in there as
with everything I have to put it
together - nothing
smelters alright oh man we're gonna have
so much fun it's a pirate ship
oh my god we're gonna laps around park
laps around the park friends this is
okay well that's take about 10 seconds
to do I didn't look at the instructions
yeah I just like put it all together
you pop Albie can you pop you know
you're gonna be testing this here you go
yeah he's pretty happy look at him he's
pretty happy just to live in there now
look it's a convertible friend it's a
convertible let's take that off you
figure ahead let's let's make this
properly okay let's make this properly
all right press play is it oh the links
don't work or hitting the lease don't
work so I just got my logbook for it the
the driving lessons and I've had eight
lessons now that one went really well
the hard thing about that was that we
were in Douglas which is like a kind of
village shopping area place and it's
quite busy today was super busy there
was people like coming out in front of
me like walking out loads of like
traffic and just like lots of kind of
hard situations to be in so I definitely
feel like I progressed a lot more but
Steve finally set up a Facebook page I'm
so happy because it actually that's
really really cool so his driving school
is alert school of motor in court and he
is going to be doing giveaways on his
essays channel on his Facebook so he's
probably gonna be like asking you guys
questions I feel like you know what
narrow that I'm driving I'm like why
should I wait this long like seriously
it was so stupid of me but then I'm glad
that I'm doing it now because I feel so
much better about it
yeah are you doing
it's the old classic you know the kid
gets more enjoyment out of the box to
the toy what are you eating
Oh ham when you get home you going ham
on the ham ham Sam having a workers
lunch here folks
like a car mechanic having me soup
working on my car I got the wheels on
Allah to put these videos in let
speedometer well you got loads of petrol
Melia you doing pretty good
whoa you're cruising about 45 90 miles
or kilometres are made up and it's half
for which it is not a meeting has got
like the full package right now for her
lunch she's got some of mommy's spinach
and pine nut pasta and then she's got I
made her to host a cheap son this is why
I feel like cooking like all the time I
made her toasted cheese sandwich and it
was that was her no um it was the first
time I ever used the grill because I
just have yeah started smoking I burnt
the whole thing so it's a little bit
dodgy looking but she liked the happen
and she actually did like the bits of
cheese that weren't like completely
burnt but whatever I'll know for next
time
hey stop oh you're giving it to the
blonde no oh my goodness in there in
your color beep oh wow oh wow
straighten your bow that's the most
important part right
beep beep oh my goodness we go for a
drive I need my friends does it go
oh no you have to press a heart like
this she's copying him so you're
bringing a you bringing a friend with
you you got a friend there all right
thank you careful if you go there now
let's go
oh my god let's read again right you
ready Eddie
look Turner let it roll then help me I
won't
do you love it yeah let's give me your
review your last review childhood dream
of mine Amelia you realize that this is
my childhood dream we check its off-road
capabilities not what do you think road
it's quieter but the bit bouncy isn't it
oh ok we don't want to get into hill
okay so it's time for some milk cows
milk not mommy's not a media is having
her second nap she didn't actually have
the first nap and then I thought maybe
she would sleep while I was out my
lesson but turns out she did not so she
should be tired dude there were some
milk
and hello kind of walk or fruit to me
see this is what she does now she like
cruises everywhere oh good girl
you walked first Suzanne yesterday
didn't you
she's actually walking on command now
like with the thing whereas before she
would get all like shires and kiss ready
Oh hmm yesterday we had no character so
I had to give her almond milk and which
I don't like doing because like the
doctor said she's kind of supposed to
have you know just kind of supposed to
get used to the cow's milk or whatever
and I don't really know and that much of
it almond milk and whether I think it's
it is good for adults I just don't know
about it being good for babies I know
it's safe but I just don't know if it's
like you know I wouldn't I wouldn't risk
it so I gave her something yesterday
just a little substitute and she loved
it way more than the cow's milk so I
don't know what I'm gonna do about that
I think it's is it sweet but anyways
we're back on track oh oh you got that
thing again
good choice good choice the meringue
thingy bobbins does it matter does it
matter it'll be amazing
Erik Emma Amelia somebody Amelia does
not remember Emma huh she went away for
too long
is it Bruce smoother
Hema Hema Hema pig did probably come
around ever made you a nice meal Amelia
huh that's why that's why I came home
defeat us all we've been all my momma
huh did you enjoy your tasty feast
did you enjoy a tasty feast hey Facebook
she's got fixated on you she's gonna
lock locked eyes doc toys locked eyes
across the room that's an inappropriate
song the thing give us that let's just
up in the top at the 82 berry it's like
do it and you do it so let's oh whatever
or if I get 100 they're blueberry sunny
no directing exactly nobody no the
orange thing they need the orange same
only made me that no it's not it's
horrible only made me eat that one
simmer me one not your OMA her oma use
to many Ole Miss what's a call what the
orange thing is that looks very black
for a blueberry you're not teaching me
anything that's all you're having friend
oh my she doesn't need anything she just
needs to be left alone
in silence we can find did you eat it
all
you know oh my goodness look at your
face huh look at you a meringue meringue
monster meringue monstermunch
daddy did help a little bit that helped
a little bit you are a monster oh my
goodness what are we gonna do with you
huh you're gonna eat us out of house and
home
goodness all right mrs. I think you need
a lot of digesting tomorrow it's time to
go bye bye hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because they are
working
