what are you running away from the scene
of the crime
is it laughing here laughing here huh
till I get you back you're back up at
the bottom Adam Adam
hi hi hair smiley fun baby huh
you look like a clown in your little
clown outfit huh you're very quiet hair
sitting here you standing up and just
playing with all the toys are you huh
ninis has got morning sickness it's the
worst when you're having triplets cuz
this is way worse than I was last year
isn't it well you don't need no idea are
you thinking Mia I think mom overdid
herself yesterday didn't take any nups
and fears you didn't fine and then I
vacuumed the whole downstairs all my
clothes in the dryer oh my god I need to
go my bed 12 hours I don't feel I don't
feel tired like I need sleep my just my
body is tired worn out like my bum oh
it's so sore you know why I just sewed
you a bum mm-hmm
oh there's your poem like I don't think
that do you miss me yesterday you only
loved your mom no one else is good
that's not true
it is you need the room for five seconds
and she starts crying I need to I need
to have it for like 15 hours and she's
just like you know whatever wherever guy
whatever guy she's because she knows
that you're not you're not going
anywhere for long are you poking
people's eyes that don't know I'll never
be as good as mommy why you guys have
some sort of a secret Club
but I'll never ever be a member of I'll
never be a member of the secret Club
I'll form our own secret Club yeah I'll
get you back then I'll get you back
boiler teenager and my plan is to be her
friend oh not the beer mom anymore your
secret Club
I wanna be in the secret club I'm tackin
Kunis you could club that I'm tacking P
a secret okay
hey hey look I just actually gonna poke
your eye
okay don't poke out my friend okay okay
hey hey did you just realize what eyes
are something ah
hey yeah Angus is the worst worst worst
part of pregnancy I wish I could just
passports I'm Esther wuntch I'm Esther
yeah yeah it's just like even the third
trimester assault is hard
Oh cute your blog offend you plug it say
hey guys hi this is Amelia speaking
she's like hold the nose is holding it
right your friends tell them about oh
you want to give them the phone oh thank
you say thank you okay there you go
all right yeah you're gonna give the
phone he's looking at the phone like she
wants to figure out how to give the
phone to the camera these later see in a
couple hours
huh see in a couple hours
look my floor from yesterday I just
cleaned up before we went oh my god it's
wrecked
Wow
like butter
like hit the like button
my buzz hey what happens you don't like
a good tongue comes on it's what it is
kind of like a try fast I never condone
driving guys but Jones and I'm talking
about in you hit traffic you like what
are you sitting there traffic light
you're like come on it's going really
well you're a my wife is gonna drive my
corn you ruin my bugs man what's going
on over here oh my goodness children are
flying in this guy you guys see how this
rides Image Zoom Ã¤j--
the latter zoom in the world what's
going on here that's going on this is
what I'll be get medical look they're
all Randy because they know that there's
food in bulks I have to give it to him
with food it's actually his own treat so
but look at this this is so funny it's
for dogs we used to get the ones for
cats because our dogs are so small the
smallest it goes up to his 10 I'm
supposed to give him four so it's really
tricky but I'm gonna try and do it and
it's so hard because it only like it's
only a tiny amount but this is kind of
white so it's hard to do so myself oh
brother we're talking yesterday right so
we did that like insane Oh hard Patrick
Valley horah crazy Mountain thing right
we're like you know we should do we
should go back there in like a month
time and try like that was probably I
was so hard to do we did the full green
one and we did the brown one prior and
Brandon first and then then the green
one but it was it was really tough you
know and I was like I'm in so much pain
today but I'm like you know we should do
we should like both of us he's lives in
government out of here right going like
a training regime like you know try and
build up our fitness and our training
and our conditioning and then go back
and attack that and see like see you
don't mean it's kind of like I really
felt like it really it broke me that was
Brokeback Mountain I was at Brokeback
Mountain Suzy I felt that's where it
felt like that mountain mountain one
yesterday like I was broken and
like we still did oh we completed it but
I was like imagine let's try and do that
again you know but let's see like if we
can approve on it you know here all my
apps that I have for her um which one is
a gaggle again all the fisher-price
apps for babies are really good I really
recommend them I should probably do like
a Watson my iPad video actually showing
you guys what I use for like when I need
to get done and I have to entertain her
which actually to be honest she doesn't
always go on the iPad but sometimes it's
just like the best thing so um
meeting I was just playing I'm having
kind of an off or not an off day but
like that's kind of odd not 10:5 but
like a kind of minimal make-up not
really dressing off day I'm just wearing
leggings and a boob top that's nostril
boot too like those cook the way they
were cool in the 90s not a boob tube
actually they're cool right now I think
as well bikes in Divine's
so any so let's take one of these bag
and go take it back and go talk no you
can't go in there
no no no no no no no no let's go
downstairs now the thing that they say
that like Oh an app when your baby's
napping or sleep when your baby's
sleeping
mmm it only works Twitter Nixon because
then when you wake up because I was so
shattered so I not during her nap then I
woke up even more tired and I had gotten
nothing done well aside from the stuff I
gotten done in the morning there's other
things I wanted to get down but anyways
I just have to get over it you bumped
your head
did that hurt no no we can't go in there
no that's bold as you get your fingers
caught it's not nice
it's not nice media no okay phone better
there for like 40 minutes just like one
okay that's nothing I don't worry
sitting home like where the hell is he
like 40 minutes okay oh goodness I was
just so exciting yes they were just and
they were just like plotting our next
one when I thought about like the
weekend of media's birthday like we'll
do it then and they were like he was
trying to convince you to buy a bike now
and then train on the roads like now for
the next month he said like only gym
which I find like home cooking sometimes
like super boring anyway you know I just
get like bored looking at the window I
don't you know so like maybe maybe I'll
try that it's just bites is so expensive
you know that's kind of their
off-putting aspect to it the hell is
that
extreme fruit and nut why is it extreme
some reason I'm drawn to it Yoshi
cranberry maple mousse Lee holy crapola
sounds amazing look after that joy the
media loves my model mirror see you
later
it's got LED lights what are you doing
just don't smash it okay is that fling
careful okay girl Yankees trying to get
in on it just like desk Atticus
oh are you kissing yourself you kissy
Kissy mmmmmm love you it's cool isn't it
one side is magnified the other side is
not
I just ran home to you look what do you
think well I like this little thing in
but I like this little monster in
without this is monster here in this
shitty monster here
alright monster munches and we pop
monster munches there's enough room for
everyone to one time oh to me leo
what you doing monster munch what's your
new nickname monster lunch monster munch
you left a mess look at her running
along with him I'm a part of the pack
what are you running away from the scene
of the crime is it rather here happen
here huh
till I get you back your backup I / / /
backup better better better better
better it is you get this mess over here
thank you don't
no mess no mess is nothing there's no
mess there at all hi friend
hi your let me in yeah you can let me in
you let me in mom must lock the door
yeah
must lock the door
you've gotten so good at the walk in
these days you know that like a regular
Walker he's a little grips on them quite
handy tilt it down tilt it downwards
okay see you later
you're kind of breaking early you trying
to break in honey
Gophers gone rocky break it open with
your bare hands let's see if you have
any superpower so what age are you
supposed to develop superpowers that I
can't remember what age if you can bend
this with your hand oh no what no will
not break the camera wait trucks locked
trucks with trucks
yes I'm wearing my slippers only because
they match my clothes look hmm tell me
daddy daddy what is this Xbox spot this
is part of me what your hand Leonard
huh were you again ready behind up is
that fun we'll go back the other way
let's scratch we'll paint work and
scratch my paintwork
now we come ready to say hello booty oh
boy his team got a face full of popcorn
or something and you pop open her up
uh-huh he drove me myself all the way
home friend good girl
how was it yeah all the way home wait
home gonna keep on trucking though
welcome to Jonny's kitchen I am your
father
this is my kitchen that is my daughter
he's in my kitchen
well technically speaking this is the
kitchen that's the living room no that's
the living room this is the hall gonna
cook up some chicken Ian we got a muy
package different chicken but as your
daddy only wants to sell it in three
three B's where's the other ones are in
two V's I also noticed that I actually
am out of beer cos what these things
usually ask me so long because anna is a
nun and she doesn't drink
amelia tends not to drink either it's
just me so i take average baby two
bottles a week in and around that
sometimes it's down to twice a week with
dinner I will take a take a bottle take
a bottle of tick take a petal and then
it'll ask me ages and then it keeps your
name place it put it out it's finally
out it's finally
I'm slightly mad okay we're talking
about L goodness what do you do yeah you
do I'm gonna assume it's mischievious so
you're the one that's been scraping that
off you're the one that's been scraping
that off I was wondering who it was I'm
sorry I hit a wise Bend oh my goodness
oh my goodness gracious
got me holy crap holy x' that is rain
rain be on rain ticket you we got this a
while ago haven't I can't ride it so I'm
gonna give it a test it's got it was a
guard the peas sweet corn romea beans
soybeans sunflower seeds kidney flaxseed
and seasoning itself I like even try
normally we got like those vegetable
ones tiny specks of us online app so you
get this a go jacking in there sure what
happens it might be a tasty treat or
might be the most recent in my life form
of the corner man this isn't you pop oh
yeah that's the stuff and I make it not
gross and up drugs I am annoyed lovely
man oh no wait I am gross you just lying
on the ground like a lazy lump are you
lazy lump
uh-oh Oh incoming incoming alert
ah oh my god what the hell is that what
oh it's a piece of food I thought it was
a bloody tooth ha ha
oh don't like it - you don't already
bono Apple Tito buon apetito friendliest
friend I made it is not gonna make it
all aboard
uh-oh them to have hit a landmass a mass
of land with a cute hat oh hi friend I
friendly this friend i friendliest
friend together okay kill your luck okay
okay okay okay lucky like a cute you
look you like junkie friendly as man we
go inside
what was that it's called you're
dripping all over me just so you know
you're dripping all over me but I
forgive you because I love you
it's a little bit earlier so I'm kind of
afraid to put her to bed this early but
like I don't really have a choice cuz
she's absolutely shattered oh yeah it's
like an hour earlier than it usually
like she's damn annoying half 9:00 and
it's now 8:00
yeah you're gonna have a story which
story
maybe Alexander that's like sheep not
the bed time window hot see oh what a
surprise
good night moon night night friends
night friends good night moon hmm
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
