you better get rid of your bone now that
doesn't look very nice you trying to put
it back here I'll put it back on
well this is not a good start to my
adventure day she can't get wet it's a
she just get wet outside huh
morning brand morning friend yeah you
come downstairs like you're like a short
I said I'm tire that D that's me hey oh
my god which is Jonathan's fun they
actually to be completely honest with
you I mean you wouldn't want a regular
basis for like every day I don't think
you ever looked that skinny yeah you
look like a ballerina so I'm on my own
for the day but I think I'm gonna go to
my mom's house in the afternoon after
whoa that looks cool yeah see I knew one
eye I saw that like ages but when we
first started looking and I thought it
looked nice and then you started looking
at the black so I thought you might find
a matching black but it goes with the
whole thing sir the black bit you like I
think yeah you look really cool
Raina Thiele stop here which is good
finally hey thanks
thanks though I just take ready um while
I was sleeping she's still asleep but
she's due to get up any minute now so
I'm gonna see if I can get some laundry
done I was gonna film a video so I might
try and do that like for my channel I
might try and do that before she wakes
up and then my mom is coming to get me
and her I had 2 o'clock so then we're
gonna have lunch I have no longer on the
motorway I am now on the back roads oh
my god no way I ended up in but of it
what event huh Bebo but if it be Incan a
V we're in but of it guys never tall we
bring her to bed I'm not supposed to be
butterman it's a town next to an art
something runner but oh my goodness this
is what part of it looks like this is
where Sina was born
Sina was born and raised in but urban
she's a part of it babe they're behind
you like stay you know called her
heritage that's where as you know in
primary school this is Tina's local pub
scene his local church her but event
like this demanding we're going to we
just need to figure out how to get there
haha you guys see it it's like covered
in mist but looks really cool out isn't
it
oh all right now what do i do what do I
do here stop that's a week I just filmed
my video and obviously I got ready and
everything while she was asleep so I
feel pretty productive but only thing I
didn't eat was laundry but who wants to
do laundry anyways hey what are you
doing what are you doing
hey yo peppa pig and help at the pig hmm
who's a big girl huh
you slept two hours good girl you know
you know who's coming you know who's
coming
Alma's coming huh her head is moving
isn't that so creepy I think that's all
creepy it's the thing you know the hole
mmm I just think it's so weird
um but you know how babies all like I
didn't know that before I had a baby I
didn't even know that like after I had a
baby like somebody had to tell me cuz I
was like you know her head moves
sometimes they were like yeah that's the
whole thing that it has to close up so
it's still a little bit open and it
closes up when they get a little bit
older oh I think it's like yeah the
blood flow or something like that
pumping Oh weird so let's go downstairs
huh we go downstairs anyway right we
have arrived hey don't get me dirty hold
on you might get a second is that
writers s2000 animagus will be out
blowing up the hill later on but is what
I got here and you a new bike people an
AMS 130 but look blue black blue black
he even gave me a blue black helmet
cause he was like matching this really
important also bought a bike we're going
to head up yonder my mom picked me up
go for lunch at her house and I am NOT
driving obviously but I think I'm gonna
drive to my friend who's over with her
little baby they kind of they don't live
too far away and I think I would be okay
I hope so
Amelia's in the back and we brought her
Baby Einstein toy so she's been playing
with that although it's silent right now
hi oh my goodness nice I'm like killing
it I'm like oh my god are we always
there and sounds like oh yeah we're in
the car park
alright what this is this is murder guys
then you guys have done this before
this is murderous okay
this is really testing testing you to
the limits that's probably good idea to
test yourself from time to time
oh my goodness I was not prepared for
this kind of a test look at this yummy
spread oh my god
I'm always such nice food so she's got
pretzels and chickpea salad and she's
salmon pate I think and hummus little
baby bell for Amelia because she looks
those that part there was scary weird
like a drop into a ravine oh this place
is so I think there's like a waterfall
there this is more fun now it seems more
dangerous and scary but you feel stuff
is harder no yeah yeah I'm filthy
oh my cars are filthy okay you look more
hardcore we're gonna enter the carpark
you like fooling would you be like yeah
man you're what yeah yeah are you you
new you new here yeah I need two tigers
still in the back of my bag here this
carry on
Media look at mommy
hi little I remember those from when I
was CG plays on Jonathan's keyboard at
home so she kind of knows all right this
thing is called the boardwalk I'm gonna
give it a go
you didn't camera it's already recording
do not want to issue first aid here so
immediate so a friend is over but she
has no interest whatsoever because she's
still eating her lunch
she's just been sitting here being
really antisocial and she had two pieces
of bread in like each hand and she was
just knowing but it hasn't dawned on her
that her friend is here you're gonna get
rid of your ball now that doesn't look
very nice you trying to put it back
here I'll put it back on oh that's not
that's not your toy that's actually your
no it's not your toy here - I'll play
with the magnets clean yeah I mean yeah
come here come here
she's not listening to me now she's
found something more fun here we go
round two we're going into brown what is
it how many commas you think Oh just
there 16 just 16 we've already done safe
disagree disagree can on top of that so
we'll go home with doing what 24
kilometres road hardcore oh my god - my
mom's on the phone are you going on the
door did you eat the door frame oh wait
oh man hey don't mind their their
friends I'm home but we're gonna share
in next week huh yeah we're small not to
you you talk to you huh I know I know
whoops
up again she might be getting a bit
tired oh no keep falling I think you
aren't tired wait a second I see well
the trees are so evil looking are they a
man and his journey we're all air like I
don't know how far up here
oh if you got signal turn the app on
it's so cool and so sorry in your bum my
bum is broken
never broken bum it's so crazy it's so
big
so we are I think we're about 14
kilometers help I'm just excited for the
downhill part I would love to try and
vlog some of us driving but I can I
count one hand this it's too scary but
it's so much my media is playing with
her new toys this is nice because I saw
I think Juliana had some stock toys like
these and these have little wooden
pieces that you put in look media oh my
god these but these would get wrecked if
they came back to our house so good
thing they're staying here because they
won't get chewed by doggy friends she's
looking for it oh no it's in her hand
oh no way does not know that doesn't go
in there yeah she did put it in this one
goes in that one look
Amelia look this one put it in this one
look this one you go put it in this one
this one no in here in here
good girl good girl that one goes in
here look star no no no no no star star
let me do it
good girl all done
so I'm gonna try giving the media some
whole milk instead of breast milk just
for her because this is like the fetus
doesn't what do you rely on that much
it's just kind of like a filler upper
kind of feed so I'm gonna give her a
little bit just kind of hold her off
because she was looking for I could tell
she was kind of looking for the boobie
but she didn't it's not like an
necessity you know like I know her
nighttime one on her morning one are
kind of like defo like she needs them
she really wants them but this is just
kind of more whatever sometimes she
gives that completely so I thought this
would be a good kind of transition one
so I'm going to eat she was like really
laughing every time I was waiting so we
made it I have the source bum in the
world and not only inside just at the
end to change him off my bike
I don't know really follow that had a
rip down my leg and then like ripped up
my bum oh my god my brother's car for
the roof fell off his car surround your
roof man all right let's go to Mitchell
Stan Eddie rockets whoa chicken King
John's if I kept this done he's always
that word funny maybe I don't even
getting nothing
doesn't even nothing I came into the
room I was like hello daughter
I've missed you all day and she just
Shawn to me just like look the way on
that I got a new pope me me yeah nothing
nothing
come on is that done
how many remarks Medellin la you taking
too long so I'm gonna do we're gonna
test with our tests right we're gonna
take when we get Jo fees more which is
just like chocolate and marshmallow
there's nothing like that yeah my my way
is pretty good now we're gonna try
Erika's way all right the one from the
Mart no definitely I have something
click hey every morning my broken body
is broken me boned thanks for watching
the video I like you the best of all the
other subscribers
I see you guys tomorrow
or maybe I'll just never wake up by the
band ever again because my broken bones
are broken bones I had an awesome day I
had an awesome baby
say good night out me say good night to
your family hmm
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
