beep beep beep beep beep
no what you gonna do I just had to film
a video eating her breakfast
it is so hilarious I gave her a full
portion of parts the way I think most of
it ended up on her front but she had fun
even yet it's good that she has such an
appetite in the morning Oh what do you
put out he's stood now they have a party
down there because you're offering them
so much
if you love it you love your pyrogen
banana blue brief this is the bane of my
life I have one move left after three of
these turn away oh my goodness look at
this
I have been stuck on level or level is
this even on
I think it's level 23 for like about a
month now and I keep running at a plate
but I refused to buy any cutter but oh
and you guys play stupid jewel game good
girl
taking Bianca on a little ride oh oh
you're gonna hit this oh yeah donkey Oh
careful don't grab her face like that
sorry okay good girl
okay now we have to turn it around okay
now push your doggy push it on your
friend beep-beep guys big big deal
tio leave her alone he'll oh good girl
beep beep beep beep beep no what are you
gonna do or it called a lovey it's
always I'll be I'm gonna go see our
friend today a friend be his best friend
he's gonna make it all better or she
sometimes sometimes you get Connor
sometimes you get the girl
uh-huh she needs it there mm-hmm
he's like he's just sitting on his own
there he's all feeling down again hi
this is my first son my firstborn son
you're my firstborn human daughter it's
always Albie Oh every time we go to the
bed it's always the loudly you know he's
just one of those he's that kid you know
you know that kid obvious that kid you
know where it's like the puffs are just
like rough and tough you know nothing
ever goes wrong with them like obvious
like he's so funny buddy's here our
special little boy huh we're here I'll
be here I'm in maternity we're already
these are a bit too big for means that
jeans look they're kind of stocky but um
I can't my regular jeans are like I
can't breathe in them and then I've got
on this top that made it look like a
house so I'm kind of depressed because I
wouldn't feel like not that I feel huge
but I feel like awkward like I meant you
know and I haven't even gained that much
weight actually I haven't gained much
weight at all so it's just in my
battling Club I just feel like from
being like a count fit into any of my
normal clothes so I took like way too
long anyways I need to go so they've
taken him away from me they thought that
I wasn't responsible of throwing him so
they've taken him away from me so he's
getting them to back extractions they're
gonna do he said it's only on the top
ones it's all oh my god when he opened
it you know and he pull it back he could
see it like the whoo poor little abs but
anyway it's getting taken care of he's
gonna do it straight away from it always
really good here and girls should we go
by the way good fat girls fat and I say
to us I get so funny it's always always
you know I mean it's never anybody else
still be praying into the fats you know
what he's getting it done now and I said
it'll be done for every today you might
actually lose as much teeth SEM you know
he said it's not plaque in the front of
it he says it's so common with like
Bichons Maltese Yorkshire who knows
ain't no small T cuz small dogs are like
they have 42 teeth the exact same is
like huge dogs but they're so cramped in
their little mouths and then it just
gets it's always like a mess but like
Bobby I'm so happy that we're gonna do
it straightaway
okay so we're starting in a different
place today and it's always fine in the
drive up and then as soon as you swap
over I'm like you only had a mini na
friend only step for like an hour
my mom was God hmm boom what teamwork
when he gets the munchies
so actually ended up driving home today
which was fine except for the fact that
I cut out like just before or just as I
pull it into like our road yeah so in
case I wanted to like embarrass myself
in front of any people that I knew like
neighbors and stuff I did and not in the
main road where like nobody knows me
hopefully although cork is pretty small
so I'm always conscious that somebody's
gonna know me or you know what one of my
worst fears is that someone's gonna
recognize me from cuz like now usually
every time you go out somebody comes up
to us and it's like really nice because
they're always like oh my god we love
your show whatever and we don't usually
show it on the vlogs because
usually people don't really even want to
be on ER whatever we're not vlogging at
the time but and we love that like don't
get me wrong
it's just that's my fear now that I'm
gonna be out driving in a really
stressful situation and somebody in
traffic will recognize me or like
somebody behind me will be like oh my
god and they'll know I'm having my
lesson and I'm just like ah but it's
fine
nobody beeped at me this time but
downloading every single lesson like I
know I say this every single time I feel
like we've just progressed more and more
so that's good I missed a meteor so
we're gonna have some lunch now we're
gonna quit for lunch I think Jonathan
wants to wash his car I actually kind of
need to wash my car to actually it looks
a little bit
it's got fingerprints all over it so
stop kissing their baby so kissing happy
sure stop yes I'm a ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
they've been licking her happy kissing
her oh yeah everything look at that Baba
does anybody notice alby's not here
anybody was he'll be silly I'll use this
one get the book seen as a good doggy
okay we are yeah we all know your hair
lying there just like tax people she's
ready for tea oh they are too hot so I
have to turn the car on
across the road we came over here I love
the char girl from here got their stick
of cheese
well she get loads actually I commute
your loads friend
what are you again
seriously it's amazing okay
you never go wrong you never go wrong
they look you up and cause our best
friends is that a Sturgis is that a
tasty Jules
go get her more internet there's
something wrong something while might
you miss mom my juices hope I'm wrong
you have broken juice Peppa Peppa Pig oh
do you know breath hey you know that
shirt in your size - we get it
do you want it sure
mother Quran oh there's a pack of pink
spots and a hat they'll be perfect for
the winter
mm-hmm Jill of Peppa she's here number
step again it's for a big girl so we
need to go to Luke little girl section
go back here cuz it seems like it goes
from like baby baby to like you're in
between huh
please Peppa see she's clever she's
looking in oh my goodness look at those
little cable and it thinks oh and look
puppy love
that's cute because we love puppies in
our house can't be eaten label praise
what do you think you like you dude you
have Kira's up it's a PJs up
I mean I have to get something to pair
of these is it are these oh my god look
imagine it was one foot and I was your
foot Larry's just wanna hurl this would
be good for the dogs and their bows we
got the call we got the call you got the
call he's got the call I'll be get I'll
because I'll be cuts Oh Stan way till
6:00 or croc sees go Oh Rocko croc oh no
this will be the day when the fog honk
alive this will be today this will be
routed a wooden stake goodbye a drug was
late yesterday it's not my fault it's
never my father blogs day I upload the
vlogs at like 10:00 or 11:00 in the
morning and then it's up to YouTube it's
up to you it's up to you to to get it
ready I'll be is back and when you take
60 teeth on my teeth have you got a meal
hat
I got some Metacom okay he's got a
special a fourteen-day injection anyway
so they'll be like having a fun time for
near 40 days but it's done now
no more cornea I mean you can sit in the
front with dad maybe know who's got the
key oh you looking after those drugs
she's got all these medicine
he looks so wrecked
like considering he just went to the
groomers and he looked so beautiful and
white now he's all like the draggled
they said they have to they had to give
him a shampoo because he looked pretty
bad he's like yeah but it's all gonna be
better now yeah I've probably lost it at
60 so Melia is looking after his
medicine mom's in the back with in the
front with Dan
cuz I'll be getting special treatment
today your specialty okay far back I
have my seat it's ridiculous I always
like even though I have like the
shortest legs I always need to be way
far back number one because I like the
legroom and number two and number two
because I like to look at her hmm here's
your socks more fun so my sister Erica
came and she's actually walking the dogs
for us it's really hard with the media
for me to do it I used to be able to do
it a lot more when amelia was tiny and
like we'd just like take longer naps in
the afternoon because I just can't do it
in the mornings cuz I'm like that's what
I'm kind of doing most of my work stuff
but um in the afternoons is usually when
I used to do it but now she's just like
not doing I don't know she was just
refusing to take her naps and if it is
enough it's only like half an hour so I
can't do it then so those really nice of
Erica she's been helping out and walking
the dogs although Albee didn't go so
I'll be staying with me cuz he's still a
little bit sick hmm you are no Warren I
don't been sick and I looked in his
mouth there's like black it's weird it's
like 30 little gaps where his teeth were
so bad from but I know he's not in any
pain because he's on some antibiotics
and medicham as well but anyways so eric
has on the last two Yankee movies and
hey she's exhausted but she wanted to do
it like really bad so that was really
cool that she did that but yeah I'll be
hung out with mommy
look at this mess man how funny is this
we got that from paws majority paws huh
you okay I'm just worried you scared
are we ready and it's gonna drop Erica
home in the dark in the dusk the excited
friend yeah yeah it's totally a car see
you back in like two minutes
well you may actually never come back
huh
don't kill us if you ever be in the car
would and already get a replay here we
go folks
yeah lights on here we go folks boarding
the car what oh it's the thing over in
the other side on the road oh is this
your first time driving on this road
yeah
do you think I'm okay in second or
should I book or whatever you feel
comfortable second is finding
alternative behind maybe feel
comfortable
like I can't drive in this all home no
talking no talking sorry lights
out for the cons cruising along your
friend isn't so well huh watch out for
the curb then you my friend are beasting
it look at this dark country lanes and
everything
bless oh my goodness you did it you did
it Nene's you drove to your mom's house
you did it friend I do how do you make
this delay the light on in this thing
well done huh well done neutralize that
thing well done Bravo hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's - don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
