Media is helping me with the dishwasher
she's so cute
okay you want to hand me some more stuff
get me something else
what's that gonna get me that good girl
give it to mommy
good girl yeah to mommy
nope spoons spoon yes get out
yeah good girl
thank you okay next I'm gonna give that
to mom give it to mom you know you're to
keep it passed thank you
what's next this one is that one okay
port set Betty it's ruined did midnight
what's he doing Oh Oh being come so much
longitudinally oh I missed it she like
waved at him she was pushing her and she
waved at LV how am I ever going to get
anything done
seriously seriously huh I had to put
I'll be up here because everybody was
being mean to have all Washington oh
okay so what's wrong with this area here
something's different
can you spot it something doesn't fit in
here
like what are you doing over there loud
or something i know what i'm doing her
that's gross
Josie Josie how did you look at your
little face additional I think I'll be
gets is leaving sir results today wash
yeah happy to this leaving sir
they're asking wrong the junior we're
leaving sir results come here today and
you guys miserably fail don't worry
about it did you get a straight A's how
many points you get what course you
going to go and do medicine
geez your new medicine oh my goodness
it'll be you friend in a couple of years
um sorry sorry excuse me thank you
no thanks thanks but no thanks raised -
dad wait - dad look if you got there
there little hand shoes or something
today improve the crawling experience
today today huh little monster hair -
not me
finely dressed and haven't gotten after
apologizing of course though because you
may see it this is like ridiculously
packed ok it looks even worse on camera
but it's like ridiculously patchy I
obviously didn't exfoliate last time
last night
just trying to hide it with some hair
like Hello no neck binaries so I'm gonna
make the bed now and then get my lunch
and hopefully Mia will actually wake up
cuz I don't want her to sleep too long
she'll wreck everything if you leave her
alone she even has doggy friends that
chicken phone they come with the treats
misty of the presence she walks around
but she won't let you feel them it I
really need to get things done right now
but I can't because I'm a reader holy
cow natural I called my wife hotel but
it rhymed and that's the way somehow
that the songs go along and um um um
follow up anything right I was looking
at this we had a sensitivity up to five
but look six millimeter quarter plywood
to cover the full-size the crib base
when is that part of problem that you
know it's it's off on either side of the
thing owner does that mean that the
vibrations don't get sent true you know
might be how it works you know it's a
vibration maybe we need to get a piece
of wood you know I saw some people were
saying like all just stop using the
sensor thing I'm like to be honest
everyone's different on how you know
whatever they want to use but I would
like I could live with it the camera the
video I could live it at the sound I can
live it at everything I could just need
the sensor I just feel that like
whenever I'm doubting and read anything
all I need to do is listen air sometimes
just look quiet listen everything is
fine you know I don't need to hear cuz
when she cries I hear her crying shooter
has anyway and if I had a video thing I
would just sit there looking at the
video on that Island I wouldn't I could
watch her on a video but it's not
telling me anything
the other thing we have tells me to
temperature the room and that just
movement in the crib but she woke up
this morning at half seven or whatever
the alarm went off
wasn't it friend hi you bump your head
did you bump your head zero to get ahead
bonk
don't don't date when you do that no
slip through we're not gonna sit through
but perhaps my knee
you have to hold everything at the same
guy now exactly that's why I cats why my
hand was here say thanks dad
that's why I'm here okay look you can
actually empty do that I don't know how
mom feels about that you can do that
right is that what you done now all of
her chops are fine but the pants so long
uh huh huh hey small fry this 26 pills
did we not just learn less than a minute
ago
oh wait time wait a min City
see you later friend whoo go get your
way in huh first off I guess getting
morning sickness now I'm getting the
cravings ha ha I'm having a phantom
pregnancy although last year you guys
remember I kind of got Sikich around the
same time that I just have a morning
sickness and I I and we were saying like
oh my god and if we say maggots like am
some
you can get like sympathy sympathy
sickness like a phantom pregnancy well
where because they spend so much time
together because they sleep together and
we you know our bodies are close
together all the times in proximity you
can sort of your body can sort of mimic
the standard the same sort of effects
so I maybe what what actually happened
but the cravings no but I'm just I know
I just believe it
chicken murder I was sitting there I was
just like I need a chicken burger in my
life
I don't know I just I was craving and
not like him
I like the go-go's special deluxe
wrapping I just a bird's-eye chicken
burger you know - Birds Eye chicken
burgers in a bun we're fed up bloody
catsup playing but some cheese or
something on attention that's all I want
that's it I just had a great voice
visualized it and I thought I'm gonna go
and get it and then I got in the wrong
car
but it's okay I tricked you on key and
then I already command the front door
and I was like you're gonna take down
mommy mommy and I'll get that check on
R&R so yeah that's why it's why I'm in
this car it's like it it's a game is
this what's this three four six I'm
gonna shred dinner
absent six euros seems a bit excessive
but I feel like it's a sign this family
its commitment free I'm a trader in Cork
also gonna need some continental cheese
anything alright got my supplies yeah no
nice squirt a free bag oh god I forgot
the bunnies I remember this salad cheese
the sauce the burgers but I forgot to
buy the bread part ah such an idiot
yeah but like bagels are too heavy I may
have heard a friendliest friend hi
friendliest friend what you up there huh
you just roaming about warm on about
your lands yeah you want to come
downstairs what's that okay let's get
some numbers mmm fuckin Oh No so
yesterday oh my brought over some pasta
salad and it's made with like prawns and
everything it looks so good and I know
Emilia loves her um it's got Church
matters in it too actually but I know
she loves her past us though I think
she's gonna like it here take your hand
out from behind your big here's the
Jimmy hit hit your hand out Melia you
have to we have to plug it in though to
the computer first you keep playing
there placing my songs where's the blue
cable
you like that and you drink it again the
pecan use a you a musician are you a
musician of sorts
I'm sorry musician of sorts
he's headed here you raise your hand on
the thing over there Oh have your handle
it keys we're trying I'm trying to get
my song gone my my davio saw my debut
song I'm trying to work on her right now
um you're making it just a little bit
more difficult
we'll really like that egg cup I'll make
sure to incorporate that nicely in the
song oh well I will I will I will give
me kiss hey hey we're like best friends
you and I when I must we're totally BFFs
bits person that's it of course believe
bits puppets
huh oh yeah oh yeah oh hey I like that
some comments I'm working on some music
fell asleep yes bed moment please
let's actually have some of the some of
the music for the app Muppet you'll
think Papa Joe puppet show done Oh
look at the mess we made Oh
Oh
she knows
it was a faggot sickness you drove the
vacant Zacchaeus either we cannot move
about 50 times it's so important that
you answer to naps every day toe and
jeans or two feedings important because
just wake up then add some levity
makehuman ah help
I got came to poop so while I'm new
night if you want to just like feel free
to drive around the garden
don't damn don't them pick up the poop
I'll take the poop okay you just play
there with your friends all right let's
get the poop poop bun to go you have to
do it every day and today every day yeah
oh good job cuz this isn't a hill here
so cute right gotta get poop before she
comes
you haven't been there you having fun
did your dad
hey Kenji oh ho
this is neck so cute
holding my hand huh then that's okay
let's go get some munchies so have you
figured out a way I'm removing the fruit
from the creme fraiche look it is all
the fruits care he's just scooping up
all the creme fraiche he's also gone
crazy
yeah a million Oh Mel yak he's in the
trance she's in the creme fraiche France
and then hey it's sort of fruit eat some
fruit eaten fruits that green hey it's
not a steering wheel
um is putting that everywhere all right
I think your dog no oh no I think you're
done friend Oh
see you guys tomorrow I could be here a
while
noodles hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
