good morning my friend friendly it's
blueberry friends this come on you can
get it
come on its grill grill tea to children
oh you don't want that um your
blueberries gonna in your top it's a
boob berry now here you know go fuck off
fuck off a cuff copy for one Oh ever a
Haines for a first time as the lonely
time dad it's a lonely time for the dads
mom sleep all day long they don't join
us for any activities anymore I just
looked down to see what was going on
here and I don't be able to see but Cena
Cena
she's grown apart all over her head and
then I think Bianca does as well yeah
dank has got a few bits oh my god you
could seen his head seriously Cena good
thing they're going to the groomers
today so media is effing one whole
portion now apart
thing is she won't use her spoon like
I've tried with her spoon just throws it
away away she's just like too hungry she
has to do it like this because it's
faster so this is my sixth lesson oh and
um this one's free actually I just bared
essence free so that's cool but um yeah
we're doing the same kind of circuit
that we did the last time but then of
course Steve's gonna throw so shit on
meaning afterwards because he likes to
do that what are you doing huh look at
this place who is you good look what
you've done you're standing on is he
that's as ng and ice skate you have gone
on there friend
oh my goodness actually you actually
moving the whole thing is they your
friend T oh hey hey hey oh my god is
your little monster little monster oh
now you want to go back in this place
oh my goodness
you're learning Bianca and are you
thinking
she's just hate love to go I can chew
that now I'd love to find the spot now
to go and chill that nope that's not for
you
so check you over here you have your
strength your knees your handbrake fully
aware up out on the hill here that's
good
check it and there dear but that's just
so we wanted to bring us brushings for
the blind spot is last yeah just before
it and you have everything Prime you got
everything ready oh my god okay yeah
that's there a horse and cart does my MA
you're wondering pathology not really
scared me
okay what am I know first okay surprise
you've never seen on that I know
actually I shouldn't yeah I'm Way up
go ahead yeah
hey horsies
that's it mom's gone mom's gone on her
driving lesson so uh what we have an
epic party friend maybe a movie
situation situation maybe a booby
situation
this gonna be busy enough so just gonna
heads it out I got a better how do you
see too much from here so just bring it
forward just to look remember we did up
edging like creeping stopping and
starting this is where we comes into
place and we to know this there
I've got a gap here but I'd look this
side Hey
in sections
let's get to
there's only safe chance to take them
that's really driving
two three I'm here my when Amelia
Thomasina and we're trying to get a
reaction to the fact that she's about to
become a brother or sister know she will
always be a sister will always be
assistant Haywood sick excuse me well
that's broken again
the baby is broken we're going to need
another baby um please don't fall off it
sounded so that went well I did get one
beep from somebody with somebody I don't
know who it was before me if you're
watching this now and it was you but now
I think maybe they just couldn't see I
would just like to think they couldn't
see that I was learner and they weren't
a mean person but um yeah so I did get
one beep but then it was okay cuz I'm so
slow at taking off because I'm like so
nervous that something's gonna go wrong
and then I hate being the first one in
light that's the worst but it was good I
think um
I definitely feel every time I feel more
confident like I feel better about it
just that initial like I'm swept over
I'm like oh no all right then you pop up
all right that needs to get dressed
what's that gonna wear today I would my
fancy pajamas pajamas they I'll keep my
deep v oo TD oh there's Anna GG back
she's back crap okay
jeans Ogando doggy friends I'm gonna go
tear dress the mommy's car in the mommy
mobile driving along in a moment will be
real I got six more to use Poppy's
driving along and I'm mommy mommy girl I
forgotten how to drive a manual stick do
i press the clerk do I press the brake I
press the accelerator I can't
Mendoza subtract man
driving the wrong and our mama mobile I
got six Maltese but be loved another
them I sense that there is something
under my bed like she's she knows to dip
her head good girl good girl yeah right
to do that
how'd you figure that out are you going
hey hey Q want to get dressed always get
dressed here let's get dressed and then
we'll have some milk and then why don't
we do that
naptime naptime mommy hi Molly Molly
Molly likes watching us it's Molly watch
as she always works on the bed yeah dog
feed up here's gonna get your haircut
yes did not kono brush it first wash and
dry first question right second best
thing about your pregnancy guys second
baby oh look I'm having some juice with
it to make it better
hmm drummer the juice nullifies the
calories who is the little baby hi Oh
golly
hmm hi did you have a nice sleep
did you have a nice sleep he sleeps yeah
I liked your dress we can out ha ha
piccaboo piccaboo
yeah pick up all you bitin me so cute
so for lunch today India is having some
Tomatoes which she finished except for
one little half there I scooped away the
shell shells and I just bend them
because she doesn't eat she just sucks
it and then discard the shell up to the
cherry tomato so yeah I just bend them
because they were getting all messy and
there's no doggy friends to help me with
the cleanup today so yeah and then she's
got some avocado some egg she's got a
whole egg there which I don't know she's
just not that interested in um and then
I gave her some toast with Akshay used
floral this time instead of butter cuz
we didn't have butter CS dear dogs on
here taking advantage and I get this
cleaned up its last a position with
credit there's always being this like
excess grass stuff and the thing like
it's already to fly more like just do
stuff here it clogs up pretty quickly
this is all from home we're in surrender
that we left up for that three weeks
that it over grew and then it's just
really hard to get it back to norm but
it seems just dance on here
it's giving me extra time to sort of fix
it up and I know this is the wrong week
this isn't a grass break but it's it's a
rake then it does the job
there's the pile that I got you Steen
this is also not the garden brush which
makes this task a lot harder but it is
pretty and flowery oh-hoh when I cook a
long time and there we go there is no
other grass in the garden with this
grass see now the grass will grow freely
wait I'll be watch it and hopefully I'll
never have to do it again until oh we
haven't told you about that yet
mm Jack like that cuz you can make it
move friend alright pick a pair of socks
pick a pair win thousands no problem oh
goodness oh okay I didn't realize it
unbreakable string fortunately due to
the unbreakable string we were unable to
give her those socks but we got these
socks and these shoes these ones don't
actually fit her I think you've got
Mangal feet like your dad Mongo curly
feet huh
we need these though because we're gonna
walk in the concrete walking into our
friends as I thought it's gonna bring
Amelia because we've done the grass I
think you ready for a bigger adventure
it's a walk of adventure boy he has to
go quick before the dog easy I finished
my goodness I'm the concrete friend
huh yeah did you shoot she she just full
of oh come on what kind of shoe was that
huh
you still working no no wait wait wait
wait wait okay hold on it start again
all right we're back we're back again
let's go friend
yeah good job oh why me I'm just hold
onto you cuz it's concrete getting
squishy grass I don't really want you to
learn about concrete yet where have you
ever really got very far we're still
outside our wall huh
what you thinking huh we go in the grass
but instead just better this is better
to grasp art better yeah
concentration she got little shoes on
shoes these shoes he tongue go I'll meet
you down okay the grass just changed to
a funny color the de Grasse news team
still funny color did it funny color
grass
did I not taste it fufu said then I
heard since it for faucet oh it's the
guy who is a special treatment thank you
everyone got a difficult a boat they all
go away boys one had pink she's still at
Hearst house the other new and see y'all
got any meseta boza
we're in the bow there there is you
notice them Nevaeh
like it just a big lump on hers she's
the only one that had the pole left I
know it's a big thing seen it was
covered in porridge she get the part of
gelatine yeah and please free porridge
oh let's get you guys home look at the
mall you're so funny
here's the one we should get an M put
their Maltese now it just says L for all
T's jofi jokes has gone to get the
ingredients and my mom and I think Erica
is while I'm not completely sure are
coming over for dinner my mom was like I
sure you won't be too tired
looks like no of course not I know right
but it's ok I had a little snooze so
whoever I was pitch to him because he
said that he would go and get the
ingredients um even though I thought we
could do the chili and chicken chili in
line fajitas because we got the
ingredients for all that yesterday but
we didn't end up making
and he was like no I want to do so I
want to do the pie so I was like yeah we
don't have ingredients for he said no
I'll go get them and then I fell asleep
and then I woke up and he was still not
gone and it was like 7 o'clock and I was
like they're coming up I had said
half-past seven eight I was like you
haven't got any ingredient I was so
pissed at him I was like oh my god this
always happens whatever sounds really
annoyed cuz he's like so disorganized
and then next thing I couldn't find my
camera and I knew my battery was dead
and I was like always is so freaking
typical I forgot to charge my batteries
and now I count vlog and um like when
he's gone or whatever and because my
battery died earlier because I used my
camera for like a billion different
videos and I went in his room and I
found my camera the battery was fully
charged was like oops he's not so
disorganized after all he's actually
really good hobby
so thanks jokey jokes um it's always
when you're in a rush you never find
anything you want compression
compression fresh compression
breck ah it's over here around the fret
cream the fresh cream the creme fraiche
yeah since I would never put you on the
internet so I wouldn't what I think I
put your mama needs that do not so
what's your daughter's name
what what's her name Julie Julie every
time you post my own point and you
didn't see us and your mom and your
brother did what are the chances of that
huh you are about to see a 30-minute Mia
made in five minutes all right there are
our guests arriving in eight minutes
with eight minutes to make a 30-minute
meal this is not helping Keo this is not
helping ah Tara yellow hoodie how do we
have a rack of kiya door getting closer
chickens on the go
we're about to dice up all this stuff
here she is determined not to let the
play she's determined not to let you
guys see this okay she'll show you that
bit but when you go one-handed she just
she just already drops she just the one
hand thing but it's like not when the
cameras on Holly Hobbie doesn't like
walking Amelia I'll be tolerated
crawling Amelia whoa
that's how it starts though all right
you've added yet herself we're getting
there
oh goodness oh goodness all right leave
everything else added we're getting
there huh
we're getting there it's cookie it's not
going to be a lord the tally kind of
meal you know what I'm saying unless
Lauren wants to pop I um ten minutes in
the past and cook her dinner for us
that'd be fantastic then beside
registrar nutmeg Oh nutmeg on nuts Meg
peppa and thank pepper gets a baby
brother
Wow hmm you should read that seriously
there might be a hint all right we have
a role that the page
and now your throat what what is it
pasta Emilia hey you get out in
Pasquale's sin will get so cool what
immediate taste like right let's pour
this in here and it's the dessert I just
quickly whipped up sure
look at this monstrosity oh yeah oh yeah
look at me this trying to get the toy
and she doesn't understand why she's not
getting closer she's like but I'm moving
closer why can't you get it why can't
you get the toy huh that is how I roll
look at that before you even have dinner
the whole place is cleaned up I just
like that I like that cuz they don't
have to worry about it oh look at that
thing almost ready almost ready
oh and a place with sparkle Isha's it's
all gone mmm this is the monstrosity
that is amazing it's a little bit extra
it's a little bit extra so yeah we're
gonna stuff our faces with all of this
and then this and then a little bit of a
being community to make my friends see
as tomorrow yeah Becker's I'm gorgeous
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
haha
