oh my girl I want sister what about you
want a boy you want a brother to torment
everybody easier to ponder it yeah yeah
well no
morning friendliest friend hi hi let's
get you downstairs huh let's get you
downstairs always it to make you bed in
the morning
finalized mommy local Mendel's if you
think few days you excited for the
morning times oh you won't get that well
the gang's all here
alright well their work they're working
through their own disputes there's a bit
of a dispute of sorts so last night the
alarm went off the alarm kind of goes
off and sometimes the alarm on the angel
care you know which is like the most
similarly terrifying sound in the world
you know a main cook looks like the
alarm facially says your baby stop
reading you just kind of goes off itself
for a diff reasons but it's not I'm so
frustrating because it's like he's just
like a flying in or somewhere or maybe
maybe maybe rule them then you can buy
an extension for it but it doesn't the
math doesn't cover the circumference of
the car and you guys is that problem
what do you do because every time maybe
they when you put it on bed like here
she wake up over there upside down
with one foot in there
they're so bright Jeremy the new friend
but every time she moves right to the
edge and scorched herself in the edge
the alarm goes off and last night like
oh my god you're on right off and it
woke her up and she wouldn't go back to
sleep because it's loud it's an alarm
you know I'm bad it just like kick open
the door and she's like sitting there
laughs and I mean I'm like okay okay for
a second oh my heart races like come on
oh my god but yeah that's really really
annoying it's not any parents I like
we're gonna we've moved the thing around
to see we can better now we have up sort
of in the middle to try and get a better
and coverage but I see some copies in it
go go rezone it go okay is there a good
you guys wanna copy let me comment I'll
make you a copy you love peppers yellow
pepper yeah oh don't pull his hair
that's mean
raise your talky friend with you
hi misty Oh so Amelia and I are getting
dressed together because that's what
girls do you know we get dressed
together she's organizing my shoes
you organising mommy's shoes
thank you I think I'll wear these today
I think I'll wear my can I have that can
they have my flip-flop Thanks and she
was still clever her like
problem-solving skills are good because
she went under the bed yes you did and
um I saw her like go under and I was
like oh she's gonna be stuck and like
she technically can't like she can fit
underneath the bed but you know like
where the and or the foot of the bed
comes down like that's too like she
can't fit under a few thought make sense
comfortably but she figured it out and I
saw her like trying to figure out how to
like lower herself and crawl her way
through like that was clever like I
don't know but anyways um
it's so typical it's like my child is so
intelligent people like but I'm so one
of those and you can't help it as like a
mom or a dad you're just like wow my
child is a big thing when they're
actually just normal um so yeah we're
getting ready and I have to find
something for her to wear the weather is
like super changeable so I don't know
and look at this guy he's kind of moved
in here you see him
well I'm probably not gonna zoom in any
more than not today that's pretty gross
it looks bigger on the time where they
I'm two in five you said thank you so
he's moving for a bedroom for now which
is nice
I'm really like I'm such a positive
strong energetic person but whenever I
get like the Moakley is of sickness I
just become I don't handle being sick
very well and I was like that part is a
Man Thing I'm like did you say the man
flu they do say I don't know it's like
because I haven't like IBS type of
feelings you know I'm not only sure what
it is but um it's nearly over today it's
the best I felt and I'd say maybe
tomorrow I'll be 100% but I feel like my
Energy's dipped and I don't like having
a lack of energy but you feel like the
slightest bit I'm like I'm dying that's
it I'm dying I start picturing life when
Amelia my god mr. wedding all this
everything for Hannah's gonna have to
raise two kids by herself you know and I
just you just that's it like always just
goes to your head cuz you just sitting
there like online oh my god that's it
it's over it's over and I just like I
don't know I think it's just maybe men
because you know like worse we always
want to be like strong and capable and a
provider and a hunter and stuff you know
so when I'm I'm less than adequate even
nineteen million percent you know dad I
know I'm just searching I know it's just
so full of energy that's not like coffee
or I don't sneak sugar or snort cocaine
I'm just like a super energetic person
and whenever I'm like one bit of my
energy down I just feel like oh my god
that's my body alarm going off they're
telling me
taking me out to see if she lets go
sleepies hi you've got a nice view of my
my grill there friend doesn't that looks
kinda nice is working Brenda Deirdre
we're discussing doesn't really want a
boy or a girl
good eye again me did you want a girl
okay I mean yeah do you want a girl just
won't do it
you wanna girl I want sister what about
you want a boy wanna boil no yeah it's a
new thing now is he saying no you want a
brother to torment easier bothering ya
yeah well no
we're all on the elevator party going to
the toilet a little bit yeah we just do
like didn't leave the elevator parties
yummy yummy treat yummy Purgatory's a
bit a bit static this is not to be taken
home just be taking on for the dogs
proof 40 oh it's pacifically oh but
really like that sandwich God you bring
home for me huh
it's in there you're pulling things out
of there friend are you getting things
they good oh thanks Oh for me that's
great I like these elevators when you go
in one end the other end
Oh turning around or anything no fuss no
muss
Hey okay let's do Treat time right you
some treat your find you some treat you
want them I mean he's gonna strain
comment so have to be careful three
entry okay we'll do it three and three
it's trying to do three slices one oh
come on I was gonna fall you already got
that two three
you have a friend
the old system cleaning medicine trick
that's hot water by the way get your own
ring whoa jug that down
have a nap everything will be okay
Wendy's doing show mommy what you just
did
show mommy what you just did no she's
not gonna do it okay that was like
hilarious not hygienic at all and don't
try this at home but Oh like putting her
hand into their water bowl and like
bringing it up to her mouth and be like
sniff again like what are you doing you
freak you have clean drinking water of
your own you know anyways hey hey hey
hey Albie oh it's not a lebih he's just
afraid huh
do you think we let them in hmm do you
think to relate them in there funny is
that funny
you'll have to sit down Lord open the
door now okay you have to sit down
friend up Oh Amy pop in and in and in
and in and in and in and in and steal
and Sina see mr. little thing
we go put a little wacky friend go for
that walkies yeah and if excited you get
excited you get know it's having a look
around surveying land Oh
quit
see you later
so cute little little feet where's this
little standing uh you left your little
car behind you friend you have two
little car behind you I'll take it for
them do you think huh what do you think
huh unfortunately just have a little
drum for that but someone ate it I think
I might win peel is it more fun this way
all right
Nana the pregnancy has officially begun
pregnancy diet time Domino's Pizza every
day for nine months
are you excited I'll be the pregnancy
we're all pregnant guys you guys can
join me on the 9th in nine months I want
to be the worst shape of my life cakes I
want to do the opposite emolia
we got you a pizza how do you feel about
the news to be honest with you I'm very
excited they were hoping for a little
girl and it's a Current Affair
yeah yes why didn't I girl because then
we could share each other close and
picture each other's balls like two
people four people better than babes
yeah
sometimes they feel in the meeting at
4:00 I do yeah and then she sometimes be
stealing my that's why I have no board
my hair he's gone
history stolen from me - yes Oreos in
here but I'll tell you the secrets tell
me the secrets okay there is somebody
that has a puppy insights and her friend
in this room I can't say who it is
there's a secret the secret hold on did
you pick it up yeah I know we did that
video that was yesterday whoa what do
you think why would good milk you want
that milk oat milk boy how do you feel
about another baby in the house I just
want this move I'm gonna have another
baby
yeah okay so I'm hoping for a boy
because I hear they eat more food they
drop more weight you newbies newbies hmm
what do you think about another baby oh
wait you mister you know what do you
think about another baby
yeah yeah that's when you should hold
off and at this time you know and last
time is great and all but you know
Willie oh sorry there ain't gay
say good night to your friends being gay
I can smell something
I smell the poop sometimes you don't
want to get them confused
no can I see your friends good night
friends did you like a classic hey guys
can I go over there I'll get it for you
I gave it first yeah someday I'll figure
out how to get up on the couch in the
meantime like head toward any desk for
help
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the
Ciccone jolie and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
