so now I finally feel like I can tell
you guys exactly I was like I feel and
how nauseous I feel and how I feel like
I'm gonna puke any second
yeah cuz secret
days Amelia's 330 fifth episode mr.
gradually they all seem pretty excited
about it
oh my goodness
hello oh my goodness yeah
335 episodes and turning more episodes
friends you looked on 365 there's a
bonus apparently um in her contract
there's a bonus if she does the full
year so hopefully hopefully you managed
to get the full year in France
well if you fell over did stuff Breck go
fast oh the simple Brett go fast oh the
brush for brocco fast Oh gap what what's
a friend
what's that friendliest friend I believe
Emilia is 11 months that's like I mean
11 months ago we had a media know and
half month ago we were like one more to
be pregnancy why good I remember that oh
I feel like I didn't know anything I was
so just like you know I didn't I was so
unprepared for what was to come ahead
and now I'm like you know it's so funny
that when you when you have a kid just
before you have a kid you're like oh my
goodness I don't know what to expect and
you haven't in a year later you're like
some sort of a child expert you know how
cuz you've learned so much along the way
you know and
explains have another one haha yeah yeah
um so dad got made this way to watery
and look watch her face you know she'll
do it again she's like because it
doesn't he's like well it tastes like my
part when it feels different huh
she's like Goldilocks she's like this
one's too watery
send it back you love this side
hey that's a tasty snack manage oh that
my phone them I bought myself on I'm
sorry nice I feel sick too if it makes
you feel better oh you do not what I'm
saying I do I'd recycles have mushed
that's what's happened huh is that
what's happened I'm not like celiac or
lactose intolerant like that even though
a couple people my family are it's just
I'm very selective in the foods and
every now and again I'll venture out and
I'll try something new I'll be like I'll
try this wheat bagel they're not paper
for a couple of days because they won't
agree with me you know it's all I'm like
hey Amelia is something you'd like to
tell you one good it's best here look
just watch this clip here while I media
thinks about I was just going to tell
you hi their future today is Tuesday
23rd of July your brother's birthday we
were standing there and I said Anna I
opened this up right and I was like oh
hey look just go to a pregnancy test for
the hell of it just so we know and this
comes back oh my goodness we're pregnant
again
I'm Lea five weeks pregnant
and I was like oh my god know as much as
I wanted to share this with you right
now we need to go to the doctor we need
to get the ball rolling and appointments
and it's really nice it's really any so
we're gonna wait you don't tell anybody
into like 12 weeks but we told you I ate
so I decided this time we're gonna do
eight weeks again oh my God we're so
excited were like oh my god I want to
tell you I was like no it's like I'm
gonna make this clip now I'm gonna put
this in a separate folder on my desktop
and I'm going to submit this into the
sunders ones oh my god how excited are
you
you're going to have a brother or a
sister how do you feel about that she's
gonna be two of them here huh dude
redraft
to chair friends oh I got double the fun
friend double the fun
you guys are having another baby - kinda
we're all like a family here my tent
from three weeks ago was it yeah yeah oh
yeah oh my god I can't believe that was
three weeks ago goodness oh so I'm
keeping it even though it's kind of
disgusting oh yeah put it with the other
one but yeah I kept the other one
although Emilia's was what was it like a
Tesco special to Bureau job he got like
he's like clear blue can every special
how exciting more friendly as friends we
are now gonna be a family of an even ten
who are a nine it just didn't work one
six dogs key people oh yeah there were
gonna be four people two adults two
children ought to NFC children like a
family pass yeah I got you can have a
friend of yours friend friend like you
want a brother or a sister
maybe one I don't know we're both we've
been discussing this I'm like before I
always had like aw he'll a boy but then
after having a media I'm like I don't
know girl be cool another little Emilio
would be so much fun I remember last
time I was like I was terrified
are you really upset if I hadn't had a
girl just because I really really wanted
a girl but I thought that I would not be
allowed to have I thought yes yeah you
know and I kept just convincing myself
that was gonna be a boy because I knew
that I thought it wasn't gonna be I was
kind of like set myself
you know but that's why I was so happy
when I found out she was there but this
time I honestly don't care and even
though last time it Brody said on
cameras like oh I don't care cuz you
have to say that you know but I actually
did but this time I honestly genuinely
do not care if we're so gonna going
we're still gonna go and find out we're
gonna go and find out actually something
um she's gonna be one and a half which
is perfect because I wanted I always
wanted our kids like close together and
I always wanted it to be like you know
one year between yeah yeah yeah horrific
and um he or she is due in March March
I'm gonna have a march baby we'll call
them st. Patrick fantastic Oh a box and
you can say Pathak excited are you guys
huh you're gonna have to give up here we
go all over again
dananananana joy I don't even remember
there's on EMT remember I remember like
that I won't wait oh yeah I dunno like
that Lea de she's four years younger
than me oh well yeah okay none and I do
remember life with my sister cuz I was
born yeah do you remember you won't know
that but like you can watch the vlogs
and be like yeah I remember probably oh
my god she probably will you'd be a
horrible someone's a torment you guys
excited because you be my palace there's
going to be two trip trips two trips
trips today no please don't get pregnant
oh god yeah Xena I know I know last time
okay but this time we prepare we didn't
have another six dogs yeah they weren't
here well I'm your name Turner's that's
crazy
cuz he not copied remember we actually
just look at that it's like oh I got my
arms broken
we're actually looking at that when Anna
and Nana said last time she's wearing
like a track suit she just woke it open
up it's the same thing I'm having all
the same symptoms yeah which I'm
guessing is a good thing I mean yeah
yeah and this time as well I think I put
a sharpie oh I think I feel more um more
grateful or something yeah I don't know
like last time I just gonna Swan through
the whole thing and I was like Oh
everything's gonna be fine for
experience Babymakers now but now with
the second I'm like I dunno I'm more
aware of things that can go wrong I hate
this time yeah I think looks like so why
yeah we're getting the scan in about two
weeks I think is our first dance who
will finally see article kidney bean or
whatever it is
I see or something you know but until
there's like a pump and right until I
don't know somewhere around week week
late twenties early thirties is when I
start to go okay I'm fine you know but
now the first trimester is always doors
know me anyways because last time I just
felt sick all the time she figured out
that friend what are you gonna do now
got a pop it get pop it your bump it
uh-huh
almost let's get away oh you did it
you're so smart huh yeah I get you pop
it oh go go hit it I got it I got it I
got like put it in high so now I finally
feel like I can tell you guys exactly
how sick I feel and how no I just I feel
and how I feel like I'm gonna puke any
second
yeah secret egg mmm
like seriously I feel so sick and I know
that um some of you guys are like oh
we're so you know you're so um lucky
that you could go to bed and everything
and I totally know that like I know that
I'm so grateful that I am you know like
a work at home mom so I can actually
take the luxury of going to bed but
honestly there's nothing I would rather
be doing what there's nothing I would
rather be doing less cuz I'm
is that something since then being in
bed right now like I hate this like
honestly I don't like it like I don't
like lazing around all day I don't like
doing nothing like I'm like so I didn't
post a video yesterday or today I'm
hosting one tomorrow I feel so bad that
I didn't get to Amelia's 11 month update
but um like I actually um kind of
workaholic like I that's why I like the
whole like I love doing videos every
single day for a month and then I kind
of did it in Jan I think I did in
January as well or January July as well
I didn't June July and then August so
far has been cropped because that's kind
of when I've been and I was pregnant and
just like so tired and so sick and I
hate it
what do um what do you think this is for
huh - she's standing here she loves to
hang on the gamepad focus man that you
just press that button and it all ends
but what the hell what happened there
huh oh it's gone
you gotta press it a bit more for us
whoa oh gee blows all right
chickens on the go let's get you a
little apron into his daddy's little
helper huh dinner's Green Jack hurry in
the house don't miss a mouse or I'll
call my friend Klaus
Amelia's daddy pig's mommy pigs and
wasty pigs that's a problem no
everything comes in twos and fourth
which would be great in about a year's
time it'll all work out I'm in the joke
monetarily and that is how you know what
I'm gonna share that with you set set
the scene I've got a joke to deliver are
you having a mango tasty mango time
do you like the mangos dude the mangos
maybe when she prefers it with your
actions good with you yeah oh it's good
with the yogurt yogurt oh is that better
than Oreos mmm
what did you just spit that I think she
likes actually she loves fruit cup she's
mad I'm afraid I love how it falls in
the little cabin little monsters not on
the bed
yeah yeah right between the give just in
here there's just enough room yeah but
you know mine goes there Oh friendliest
friend that was good though cuz that
mango was gonna go off today
oh is it yeah oh honey and so she's a
good damn food disposal unit Oh
oh my god do you miss it I think so
hide your balance oh my god choose walk
along so you stop oh oh oh did you see
it though it your own eyes
yeah I did yeah oh my god you're just
holding my hand walk along beside me
yeah good girl come on come on go with
dad put
ah
that was amazing it was amazing I was
actually holding her hand and she was
walking beside was like Anna get the
block get the pod today she did like the
whole stretch with her what other thing
I think she can do it because if you can
do it just holding my hand and we can go
for walks
Oh up again oh oh up you pop need to be
able to steer it let's go yeah crazy
thank Karen Olympic champion hundred
meter dash
whoo same ball has got nothing on Amelia
nothing hired she's tired
Oh TBI Robin came for a little balance
time for a bad time in bed time he's a
little walk her a little crawl and walk
her huh in no time friends gonna be
running all over the place
and someone else to be chasing you as
well huh how excited though how excited
are you guys for another journey
everything just changed again hmm
everything changed again as I was
actually tempted to tweet that at the
time and I was like no no is that it we
were like what oh my goodness tell me so
much fun with a little person there what
are you going where are you going
although you know what I'm not looking
forward to you know when like I think
when you have a baby and you go through
the stages like we're out of like the
infant stage I think we're in like the
tar we in your top right yeah yeah she's
like and it you know almost but like
we're gonna be back in that stage again
and be like oh my goodness that stage is
hard that first few months is really
really difficult but an you get pat you
make it work you make it work friend and
we'll make it work huh 10 family of 10
oh my goodness huh
how much fun is that going to be excited
are you hit that like what much much
much much he thought I couldn't if
you're excited for another child if
you're not it's a favor button
Judy Joe alright let's go friend
bedtime bedtime better to see you
tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
