Oh
so it's like eight o'clock and I was
reading the fun weaning and I'm gonna
win yeah off the boob I want to do it
like buy her birthday my doctor or mine
yeah my nurse told me that it was really
important like from six months to
introduce cow's mouth as like not main
drink but just in cereal and stuff that
was really important so I've always been
giving it to her pretty much in her
cereal I thought I would heat up some
milk and now this is not even a
replacement because we aren't even doing
a feeding anymore at this time that
happened like ages ago
but because I think she's like she's 11
months this week and I just don't think
she's ready yet for me to cut out
another feed because she's on like three
a day sometimes four depends if she
wakes up at night see how this goes
nervous I think she'll like feed guys I
almost killed myself a little cheers to
express her face oh yeah hey is it like
mommy's boobies this that was that
coming out of there like we made it we
made it we made it into the city wash it
down with your basket sir
play on Annette Segal
seagull it was like just moving along
the sides oh no he'll start I'm coming
in case you guys never come to court
this is how you got to Patrick Street
shooting down here all right watch that
guy we did teacher he's a bit of a
button presser what oh it's Elmo yeah
okay oh sorry if I had I'd mislead you
media and I are waiting in the car
hi and are both still on so we kind of
took a break from the boats for a bit
because she was pulling them off and
stuff and now I think because we've um
not the cave I think because I took a
break and she kind of like forgot about
them maybe she's kind of back into
wearing it I say hopefully fingers
crossed
rookie come on you have arrived all
right all right this one here that's why
you want his name in the front of it hmm
look at this lips like lip stain stuff
that I got from sleep so pigmented and I
use like a tiny amount and look how like
that's the excess but I had to like take
off it's so pigmented this stuff here
let's just the pale paint that Bianca
chew gum we daddy
please daddy
so heavy
hmm crazy
crazy gun easy but I hope this was so
ruined with suncream world
this is some sort of magic trick for
hovering babies fake whole time then go
all out and get the chicken philip 630
calories wait you know it
why oh man where's the pile men I mind
you Garrett how much you get three nine
nine six hundred and thirty what's the
big what is the mode that's the most you
get in it yeah I'll take it
I'll take two of them you having a good
reader that you having a good read
this is probably the scariest of all
scary elevator down to the half because
it's a 10 second lift ready
Oh Oh No
so I asked for a chicken Phyllis and I
got a chicken Philly Philly instead of a
Phyllis Ranas one is right Devine kaak
bagel silly what's in a chicken Philly
can you guys let me fill it up here
you enjoying that Amenia did you enjoy
your bagel no no no thanks for asking
Jenny explain it goes better timing yeah
because by the time I get downstairs and
change it like you'd all be finished so
in a protest I'm eating these crisps I
was wanting to spend 630 of my calories
today ten years would be cold
it's fine I add some of it and now at a
protest I'm meeting my hunky dory and
it's probably like oh I wanted to spend
130 calories on Tobago and I probably
end up ending 100 calories on the basil
today 630 calories on the bago spending
100 so I 530 calories spare so I'm gonna
eat this pack of crisps which is
probably that a zillion calories anyway
are you enjoying a ham sandwich are you
enjoying your hams than an individual
create Danish is it a taste it's nanana
Jesus huh we're planning our pizza party
Friday night we're you know what I am
I'm getting the barbecue because of good
luck to this this whole mess I'm like
you know what thank you all right
getting the medium Kim based I'm not
gonna go mental
we'll go tin based all right let's not
go to mental barbecue and then take off
the onions gonna add pineapple and it's
going for the Florentine Amelia hasn't
made up her mind - what do you want we
should get hurt the hot dog crust pizza
no wonder we always see Oh boiled egg
you got a boiled egg although she could
even
ya know why set up a pizza company right
I would call it 5 stars
why would you call it 4 star you know is
that just like not getting people's
expectations up and said we're not
5-star we're like a four-star
establishment then you feel like okay
you know or instead of a Pizza Hut why
is it a what why isn't it like a
skyscraper skyscraper pizza skyscraper
huh yeah
we're planning your day friend good girl
you had like a whole house a whole half
friend of ours Saudis birthdays and
we're trying to buy our present I know
he's into football but it's like man you
could get it no so you could get it so
wrong where did we get him like the
enemy team or someone something like
that you know it's like oh my god so I'm
like when we just kind of like a
PlayStation game with some even though I
don't know I think here's a we doe our
PlayStation I texted his dad we're like
come on to give me some ideas fly
Emirates not on an airline Highlander
Scylla Oh Skylander know us Connor I
know what a Highlander is there can only
be one king Wow and you guys watch that
I loved it the movies I loved the TV
show him in common here Highlander oh
we're down a sock we just noticed that
you and he has one sock in her hand for
she had two socks in her hand prior to
this I think it was down here in the
card shop though uh-huh
let's go see I hope so see if you can
find it missing one sock Oh Oh is the
writer cash register yeah there it is
there you go
yeah go for now you gonna turn em away
again so we heard vacuum source is that
a cork footballers what they like it was
a quick football
we're side of our depth here no I think
that you're right so what basically yeah
and like a proper core colors may be in
or something chocolate and it's going to
the Goodson waiting I'm gonna go
upstairs check theater workshop is
enough work cause if I'm gonna get one
of these like some champions needs
special final ball I reckon this is
pretty epic I hope it is this is all for
gel nail polish and I think this one is
really cute like a nude pink pointy
things like do you think sorry
you give me your sock you giving me your
sock you need to keep this on anyways
yeah I think this is more like a corner
that I would wear for every day because
the red is nice but it's a little bit
too like dramatic they also have this
tool which looks really scary it's a gel
polish removal tool how would you wrap a
football whoa whoa Liam's what happened
there oh my goodness
yeah so it's a Champions League final
ball or something like that I don't know
I don't know ready just roll it up I
think you might know what it is you
don't need to mop your floors anymore
apparently these are like super high
genic you clean really yeah cool total
home Pro multifunction this one comes
with them it's like an old guy as well
it's like a mini steamer and a big
steamer but yeah steam clean stinking so
that'll be quite handy because Amelia so
mobile and you guys sometimes you with
me piddles closest outside having car
talk with our neighbor anyways um so we
got this sandwich for Amelia but half
shooting in half so it's gonna give it
to the doggy for you to break it up it's
a ham and cheese sandwich so obviously
they're gonna like it it's pretty know
there's trigger up we give the doggies
retreat she just did some maintenance on
the car um the steering fluid was a bit
at it's gonna be like squeaky or
something like that so I have to go get
it while I was there anyway I picked
this in wd-40 because everyone was
saying fix the door on Nvidia's room the
squeak eNOS I was like you know what
that's not a bad idea
cuz every night after you got it to
sleep you leave and it goes ah sounds
like you know what let's do that let's
do that my wd-40 definitely not that one
I think this one here okay let's keep
this this week let's see if it works
oh goodness
no way one spray one sprays hot it took
that's crazy it's fixed in your doors
same problems oh oh that's amazing
alright next let's go common to everyone
ass now
this is deadly does it work on human
newbies me good girl I'll be would you
like you Bianca tree you want to treat
Cena
I heard you barking near that was bold
and I heard daddy saying that you're a
barky doggie come here come here good
boy
who's left there's someone else who did
I not give a truth to you could get over
what do you weigh you've another one up
for grabs here senior my little pet good
girl
she is my I'll be very excited by my
present why are you taking by my person
hey hey anything here then I painted it
that happened a cake I thought okay hey
no biting the puppets nice I'm in an OB
because he thinks they're near 20 man
hello
I have to find voices names for these
friends the brains of the bunch
you've got the cuteness is a bunch
you've got another girl she looks a bit
crazy I've got this guy and then you've
got this guy so we need to come up with
names for everybody and characters that
we're going to use but this is going to
be an epic project I think I will I just
need to learn I need to practice hone my
skills work every break well it's just
like I just popped over to care to have
a look and it's turned out did you
actually take in the camera come on hi
hi hey hey hey Bianca Bianca
Richie Harry let's go oh oh oh I like a
dogs or not search me sorry
you want you want me to say hello don't
you say no I'm sorry let them go just
leave me alone for one minute and pray
to talk to my friend at Mia don't miss
me - excuse me I seem to left them up
myself
Lily up hello Mia I'm Anna could you
please help me with your daughter
friends for
Walker oh um we need to try a different
way where you will be my friend best
friend midday coffee time in a minute
that's not the midday coffee go the
friar cup is in forgetting a service it
lost the tire for watching Papa it's
Peppa - oh I'm Peppa Peppa from Dublin
oh look he's a friendliest friend
my family is friend that's not it you
cool what's the name her fever stunner
PSA I had I'll be Bianca Theo just did
just did Megan Megan what's up Meg all
Michael Ian mcgoon Ian my go nyan is a
friendliest friend she also has a friend
called Peppa
and she also looks like that that's that
side huh
red side we're gonna push it cuz like
you so much so much to go huh we fight
in the grass over there you see if
that's better you gonna try pushing it
are you are you just gonna stand there
hi come on I'm gonna push you know it's
kind of tricky in the grass All Right
see you later come on
you gotta cut the grass Oh
hmm
you didn't sell well friend even so well
oh it's all new grass and everything oh
my goodness which point is this media
has now discovered to downhill she's a
whole lot more fun huh isn't it
oh you're turning you know no hot right
turn that back on track
go go go oh oh no no he go this way
this weight is like is like oh my game
is so cute what's up huh yeah yeah come
on let's go let's get out of here huh
say it after me
pizza party Friday night pizza party
Friday night pizza party running a pizza
party Friday night yeah only intranets a
pizza party on Friday night got a little
pizza for a little baby got a big piece
for the big man got a scratching up and
see I broke my finger I'm gonna throw it
in the bin pizza party Friday night
beach party Friday night any people have
yeah baby name it so this is it we're
just basically gonna eat ourselves into
a coma for the rest of today so if we
survive I'll see you guys tomorrow I
think I will leave you in the capable
hands
lovely fridge all right hi guys hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
