Oh
hello good morning and welcome to the
vlog hello Nevaeh welcome to the vlog
Cena sucks - yo talks Ally cooks it was
any more epic in my mind we had like
tons of people pop it and everything
that be I'll try doing something 48
comments for puffy tea TomTom's up for
day kamikaze thumbs up 40k Tholian
that's a cute Olien I'm like a lonely
coffee drinker now he needs off the
coffee just me what are you doing what
are you doing
are you finished are you finished all
her breakfast hmm good girl she even had
like a whole banana and she was like
usually I'll give her a fruit before the
cereal or the part because she prefers
the part well I thought you preferred
the part but now I'm not so short but if
I give her the fruit beforehand show us
eat some more fruits your hair's gotten
so long growing oh excuse you I think
she's gonna be like not dark dark but I
think shiny like a light brown kind of
like Eric has hair like my sister's hair
color cause faculty back wall Erika's
hair looked like at her age and then her
heroine all curly oh so cute it was like
it had ringlets oh it's so adorable
so we'll see what you get because
Jonathan and I both had curly hair when
we were little so we'll see what are you
doing is that allowed
is that allowed this is like her
favorite thing to do but she knows it's
not allowable you readin gatlings
look that's about a donkey friend hmm
look doc I'm gonna dock you at the ball
look at that donkey friends know what
Helen has evolved Bianca we have a small
problem with our Sam see it's usually
something blocking in here now for the
record I don't really know what I'm
doing well I just figured out that he
can do that so that I was news to me hmm
I mean the blockage may be in here I'm
not quite sure so I'm gonna pour some
boiling water something here and see it
maybe we can loosen it up word it was
like something jammed somewhere let's
get this one open you know see if it
makes a difference so a meaning I did
not take her not uh-oh this morning like
at all she should technically still be
asleep by now but she's not so we had
lunch and she's having kind of some
comfort she was very upset I don't know
what's going on with her she woke up
again last night in the night and I had
to go in and feed her and everything so
I don't know what's going on like I
don't think she's teething right now but
anyway she was very upset so we're
having some comfort food I made her a
bagel with strawberry jam and butter and
then she's having her cherry tomatoes
and her cucumber and that's it huh
daddy's having a big on Jam - mommy's
having a tuna sandwich
and her water so yeah I don't know I
have no idea what's going or maybe she's
going through a growth spurt or
something and that's why she keeps
waking at night and feeding that's no
idea anyways we're gonna have our lunch
now
oh wait a media that is not your
favourite work dad are you tired not yet
Oh careful what did you do yeah like
what we found here
you can pick that one off pick that one
off pick that
there huh you look like almost oh my god
she's so funny that's poo picking time
Papapa do you know what's going on teen
are anything you've ever ever walking
down here
and no wife your severed blogs and
decided hence wasn't very big it just
everyone's having a pees and poos ah
guys my workload account for my
flip-flops but no my shoes these are
over here somewhere yeah probably full
of spiders these are my garden go walks
black ones at the garden go up da gray
ones are the outside the walks my
colored as well keep it nice and tight
keep it tight and tidy you watch these
vlogs you think mom dad I'd like six
Docs
we just like to point out this is on a
daily basis every day every day every
day I'm picking up can I open that
little wasp here huh gee would you mind
if I just like you didn't remember and
you'd be very upset now if that got lost
do you want to take that with you that
in there but I lost nothing you can have
it I'm just saying it'll be chopped up
and you wouldn't want - okay we did it
folks
oh my goodness you're wondering why how
am i racking up all the access it's
because if I told you the docks will
drag it into the house
another fun fun bit information
everything about getting him a herd of
dogs morning again my little friendliest
friend you know what I got almost asked
him get some num nums you want to go on
with house Oh would you make it on a
partner you making a you making a tent
when I was a kid we used to put them up
here and we'd make a tent you're gonna
make a tent I know you're gonna make a
tent leave comments if you made tents
and you had torches and and secret coals
and super clubs you're gonna have to
secret codes and civic clubs I know you
are Oh si si sweet you know
you see sweetie room we go inside what
did you just do
did you just do she's put the bowl on
her head huh
cuz we do that every night in the bath
nice little hello kitty this is hello
kitty house and we live peppa pig eyes
varying in our heads is Peppa oh that's
not hello kitty who's that I'm Miffy
yeah hello Miffy hello Miffy kitty Miffy
is a kitty I don't say the exact same
dinner we had last night you made
pregnant Jules I know what's this
Destruction Derby good
do you like the wagon wheels what sort
of deserts have we got
whoa whoa whoa whoa you excited about
this Amelia what I'm excited about the
pie what if you're stealing stealing
stolen things for maintenance look oh
but I thought let's take these obviously
cheap all magnets those things come off
a lot easier just about oh thanks
whoa it is a tune
are you eating the tomato Tim are you
leaving - tomorrow 10:00 oh it's drop
these tries on the feast the feast but
feast which you write feast a or fees
the B what's Darwin a she's even in
tomatoes okay bye-bye
night night tomatoes nothing to see here
ready 1 2 1 2 3 you don't need to go to
swim by like Tesco or your shop or
someone else and you pick up a bag and
then you're like oh I better put that
back in the car and then you buy another
bag you're like oh I shoulda left that
in the car right well this happens oh
look at you face it we have because
they're not like despoil they are kind
of disposal but like every time we're
like oh i forget to return the car like
we've just mountains and mountains of
these bags are you like us even commend
us so we have come to the end of another
video another day with your friendly as
friends friendly as friends you're tired
you tired you're ready for the bad time
oh oh my friend Oh fees for you God if
you do you think you're nice my friend
your friends you say Mike friendliest
friends tomorrow you come back don't you
run away from me when I'm talking to you
huh me when I'm talking to you
me yes do not fall off the edge of the
bed uh-huh it feels like an appropriate
situation we gotta jump ok ready ready
here we go 1 2 3 where we ended up I
ended up huh
we gotta read a story we gonna read a
night story you read this one
good night mom in a great room there was
a telephone and a friendliest friend and
a picture of a friendliest friend Incy
Wincy Spider oh my god I mean it's an
exciting day tomorrow do you know why
it's exciting tomorrow
you know I hate tomorrow meeting some
new friends tomorrow you guys it means a
new friendliest friends so one of the
projects that's coming up
small better information about it
tomorrow you don't have to wait till
tomorrow or do check my Twitter or my
Instagram now and I might have actually
uh said some information information you
never know
you never say goodbye good night
sweetheart
well it's time to go I hate to leave you
but I really must say hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the sakuni Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
