Oh see you I my mom mare
yeah fiddle what and we got a bit of
what Oh Littlefoot
the dough fees new keyboard so cool it's
for like editing or something I don't
understand and read good morning oh it
looks like a big sunglasses you're like
one of those ones that rappers wear
they're like cool sunglasses it looks
like a massive one of those or like a
massive Robocop cake
Amelia's Rockfest is on the go Liam and
I'm just getting everybody else's ready
and look I did the same thing that
Johnson monsters for me I'm getting all
his stuff set up like in here he usually
like over the past couple of days
because I was feeling rotten I wasn't
getting up like until a lot later
because I physically like could not last
night she did not wake at 4:00 so that
meant that I actually got a good night's
sleep so I actually woke up before
everybody else this morning and I still
feel a little bit creepy but like I'm a
little bit better I can tell thanks for
the lion friend and you you smell nice I
figured at the extra time
I never get to go up and get exercise it
to go and do things I know what you're
timid it's cool though I think it's it's
different than the iPad like yes tanner
looks like dinner Oh what's this so
great in your pocket it's tender than
the iPad you I think it's cool like I
think it's cool that we cuz you know
otherwise um if we both had iPods or
whatever in the same so now we have two
different like things today's is 10.1
Windows 8 not Windows RT let's go cool
hey
get dressed and ready dad dad dad it's
not talking Tyler app no no no all right
the wheels and I think okay clean you
guys you see the calipers and the discs
and everything that looks when you go
visit a valet service around here and a
lot of cars it's just being true it I
can shine is calipers well yeah the red
calipers are sexy but I think is that an
m5 no it's not it's just a 5:30 but okay
clean those wheels are really nice and I
can clean it is behind the wheel that's
really important oh okay
okay it's it's it's still there it is
following you seriously
no no Susie it's following you around go
come over here I don't know what's going
on uh what's going on here's on how it
put me these are our puli nappy it's
actually am it's been a while if you
don't want to since you've had a good
old old-fashioned elevator party oh wait
boom boom boom boom boom boom
welcome to the elderly to party and it's
not participating well Evan actually got
Italian ages you know
oh we haven't actually done a Tesco shop
in so long because the Tesco website was
down yesterday or two days ago almost
now yeah I asked we couldn't order
online so we ended up with nothing
it's forcing us to just get takeaways
all the time and then we talked oh my
god somebody olden days means actually
go to the store and actually get stuff
let's try that let's go back
she's you and me man the boxes yeah
where's that the hundreds right here 80
is a bit small though 80 is still a bit
smaller than er where you say let's get
like 120 mega well it's the mega pack
for a mega baby hello friend hello
friendlies friendlies look away Amelia
you're not let see this I don't know
it's gonna be so epic so I said my
brother this morning we're organizing a
birthday party for like if he can ask
her I think her birthdays on a Wednesday
the 11th September at Wednesday so I
think we're gonna do it in the Saturday
so um hopefully we try and get everyone
to connect or do our Sunday before
before or after after the 15 or 16
whoever it is yeah and not to him before
he's the one before is too close to em
Austin's birthday yeah could you guys
remember that Austin the redhead kid he
was born on our wedding day that's what
my sister didn't make it for a wedding I
suppose it's a legitimate excuse you
know she obviously you know maliciously
planned that got pregnant just the dry
time just that she couldn't go to my
wedding
I don't know there's so much to choose
from like yeah yeah yeah so much to
choose from it's like are we doing a
papal one or a princess one okay just
give us some suggestions what we should
do for Mia's first birthday party if
you've had a first birthday party do
some ideas what are you doing are you
doing go back up she won't go to traffic
you see you just destructive you see you
just D socked yourself don't mind the
sudden cream that's kind of cool
look it's like a little baby peppers
that's kind of cool
okay here's another one a joking
attempts at saying away a crazy word
what the hell
da phanie knows - Heaney knows but that
was it dopey one dolphin was my goodness
I've never seen that word before I see
you now have both socks off your feet
huh
what are you gonna do though sucks you
have a plan you have a sock plan do do
you have a plan
you waiting with your foot hi guys hey
guys we've been trusted with extremely
important tasks Amelia
picking the right toilet paper ooh
butter toilet paper is that like actual
bits of butter on it
you wanna have a butter bomb here or
quilted quilted we're looking for fennel
seeds if you've seen fennel seeds could
you please send them to the principal's
office with their bags and coat remember
that in school when you get announced
like Oh Jonathan Jory please come to the
principal's office you knew you're in
trouble it was like hey Jonathan totally
please come to principals office witness
bag and coat you're like oh dear God
I'm in big trouble you know that's how
you're like serious escalation if you
have to bring your bike in Khost
happened to me quite a lot and then
lovely lovely I can open the egg from
uni as a local da and you're going out
pala Dave you're gonna love it
can I trust you with that can I trust
you with that can I just do it over the
eggs see you later
which are lovely eggs so Tim do you go
to go-go's it's so tempting to go to
don't goes but she's not just a to go
never stay always go when you're at go
go you got a screaming little child who
needs a little knife you got a wife who
needs a lid so the baby once I've cried
and she's ruining my song cuz I'm kind
of getting used to like gears and stuff
and I was like just wondering what year
he was in and I looked down and I'm like
what's wrong with your gears - I'm sorry
Kirstie it's wrong and then Gardens like
oh no because I asked him I was like do
you have a clutch it was like no no
that's a footrest and then he was like
this is the clutch here this weird thing
right here and I was like like this is
me everything job attraction a select
any trouble
hot I know this is for a reverse and
this is for tonight this is manual
automatic sport mode steering control
MSP yeah it's a different kind of game
and then I was like cuz I had been
convinced by so many people like you
have to learn manual like it's so much
better then I was looking at it and I
was like you don't even have you don't
even know when you cheat but this is so
unfair
I need to get an automatic like it's not
fair I'm not doing next driver Azam's
gonna be like Steve I can't quit money
change on mine I do thought about it
yeah he'd be so pissed cuz he's like
he's like convincing me he's like no no
it's so much better you know get your
license in manual blah blah blah
whatever it might yet yeah you're right
you're absolutely right and then I like
two seconds in an automatic arm like no
change mind
so normally um hey normally you want
this you want your eminence
for me I'm such a clean freak you guys
know but because I have been sick um I
hadn't been vacuuming or anything like
nothing was getting done and Jonathan
kept saying it's fine but he choked me
over but now we came home and our
cleaning lady was she just left and the
place looks amazing and even Jonathan
was like I can tell the difference he's
out normally do you always keep it so
clean
white why are we hiring a version like
AHA yeah look at this thing huh
we got her like a half portion head just
daddy
Oh cloud remover oh that's right
but um I need to get some laundry done
cuz there's our pile like up to here
fine it's just hot I can't believe it
startled me
it was such a nice day hmm long as he
make fast coffee fast for robbery coffee
you wanna make it go faster Oh hand me
okay look at these things oh my goodness
you know sometimes am i get like is it
said to mental or is it I don't know
what the word is to describe it you know
but sometimes it's like overwhelming in
a way like it's sentimental and
overwhelming and I'm such a little I
would sit down like I'm such a sassy you
know I'm probably I don't know if I come
across I don't know I don't know how I
come across you but I am like I am such
a sensitive emotional person and you
know she's sitting there thinking I was
just looking at something you know
that's just like thinking like you know
what I don't have that many people in
the world in the real world here that I
would consider I that I would call
friend
I don't have that many people in my life
that I would call friend you to
decisions that I've made and choices
that I've made but those same decisions
that I've made no same choices that I've
made had led me to you guys and you're
my friendliest friends and I have a lot
a lot of you intervene and it's like you
guys made so
much to me you know it means so much to
me that you come and watch our videos
every day that you continue to support
me and my family and what we're doing
and I don't know I just got all
emotional sentiment tons of it I just
tweeted something about it so I was just
like sometimes I'm like I can't express
to you how much you mean to me so I got
you this rose
no I did not but I don't know I just as
get enough Oh quick my Friday crashed I
crashed my Ferrari morning again
friendliest oh you don't see me friendly
as friend what's the problem oh are you
boarding your cage
you caught in a cage are you met chitara
is gonna sing Smashing Pumpkins there oh
I saw that happen I used to come here
yeah yeah does that make it all better
mommy does it make it all better mommy
does that make it all better mommy
does that make it all better mommy oh I
see you I my mom there yeah fiddle what
and we got a fiddle but no the fiddle
was good you ain't your little foot for
me you are new pitiful for me huh
daddy's making a special dinner today
what cheese is it here
ya gonna help me friend
always stay little baby yes early tour
baby she's just a little baby she's just
a little tall baby a little tall baby
that's what you are yes you are I got
into my squats a one spot a to squat
actually me skirt now for Scott I fine
squirt good it is for tastic since I
know a process we did this you tulane
work that really well
Anna prepares all the food and then I
cook all the food of this were making it
looks really really good
where is it pregnant jewels past a
crunchy quarry watercress and little
that's just the desert and this life oh
oh oh no desert hmm but is what looks
like here so that is going to somehow
look like this nice got some real sad
and bad news for everybody guys turns
out Anna's new boyfriend Steve there
there they're moving in together but
Johnny you have great driving be able to
drive everywhere together
so unfortunately guys Steven has someone
in his life
sorry happens to be my friend who
happens to your friend that's how we
actually met Steve attack at a
christening where we were sitting there
talking to his wife and she was like oh
my god my husband and another one and
his friends she learned to drive she's
like terrified of driving and he
succeeded in teaching her to drive so we
decided that would you Steve as well so
sorry to break some hearts out there
okay but he is setting up Twitter I'm
trying to coach instead on Twitter so
many you guys actually did Germany want
lessons in court if he can get Anna
saucony to drive on the roads he can get
anybody to drive on the roads so stay
tuned for Twitter information yep all
right that's all the vegetable type II
thing knees all those dogs gonna add the
oregano and then we're going to add
a sausage and then we're going to
massage the sausage in the pan Irish
alright we've added the sausage and
everything in there and then basically
we just and you serve it just like that
clump this on here they're waiting and
hope that a bit of sausage will be
dropped and all their dreams will come
true huh
so this is what it looks like after it's
being diced up open up
hmm that's pretty good it smells amazing
and we're gonna fry it up it's my foot
and maybe you'll get some make my foot
like my sake would gun she looks exactly
like it did in the book houses oh we
don't parmesan yeah but everything else
it's exactly the same what do you think
friend is it up to your friendliest a
friend she went right she does the pasta
would you like some yogurt Oh yogurt oh
oh um that is that is one way I'll get a
new yogurt another way would be to
bypass the hand completely and go
directly in like that what do you think
you have a man full of apple don't you
hey what's the Apple is that cinnamon oh
nice good job friend soai man on the
Apple and huh is this anyone yeah
nice Oh hilarious looking at this look
at the mop either while waiting waiting
in hope maybe she'll drop something
maybe she'll drop something huh
maybe guys they're so cute like it
there's a gap there like that
let's cut that over here hmm you giving
away your Apple giving your Apple Johnny
Appleseed meaneth you hear voices do you
hear voices are they telling you
whatever voice is telling you to do
what are your voice is telling you to do
tell me Amelia tell me what the voices
are saying what is it look at her face
what is it in me there can you see
something in the static we've come to
the time of the vlog Artie swimming must
say good night you are friendly as
friends we'll probably see them tomorrow
but for now I say hi oh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
