isn't that regard just image you'll see
there now before yeah isn't this Garrity
Steve got the mama and the Papa and they
love each other and it's just only
gorgeous and precious and they're the
moments that you have to remember
forever and ever because it's all kinda
good morning again Bradley it's Brandi
Jimmy evolution of friendliest friends
has isn't seen and it started that time
when i was just i decided to Amelia I
met the dogs I was like unleash your
friendly his friend you know he's like -
you know then it started to friendly his
friend um and then this project I'm
working on and kind of um kind of
incorporated the friendliest renting
because I think that's a really cool
kind of a thing you know anyway talk
about a Tanner day a lots happening in
August August is exciting can't say
missed come on munchkin
we were strict regime today wasn't a
driving lesson today that involve some
right away oh no it's the problem
there's problem right you as a passenger
the passenger come on let's go let's go
let's do this five minutes flat
dude it do to do the 5 minute makeup
challenge thing you know do the 5 minute
makeup challenge it'll be so much fun
you can do it with Amelia weren't you
doing you just took a finger in
someone's eye me sorry about that
terribly sorry about that she's getting
pissed off she was bored yeah she
actually married a snow globe under the
ocean look at us we made a mountain
it is such a beautiful sunny day today
it is such a suitable suitable sunny day
today excuse me
paddle shift paddle shift little petal
petal petal you know I'm I've been
watching a lot of a big con videos um
for the last few days you know I am that
trailer for that documentary thing and
all you know and I'm I know like I'm not
I'm not like part of it like I well I
don't know maybe maybe they're gonna
puddle on over darling hi I'm into Ruby
please know I was such a loner kid I was
so on my own when I was depressed I was
bullied in school I had no friends like
no one to turn to
and there was no internet and I see that
like what YouTube is like it's like for
kids like me kids that felt alone that
felt like well if I can't make friends
with the people in my town I can't make
friends or people in my school I've got
no friends and I was one of those kids
because I know I just didn't fit in
anywhere you know and yuechu I fit into
YouTube you know what I mean it's like I
finally found a place where I fit in or
like I get tweets all the time we were
like oh my god I can't wait her and show
comes on like it just I've had a bad day
but I know it's gonna cheer you up and I
feel like hello I love that I can fill
that void I can make people happy you
know they always say like a nice guy
comes last
you know like I'm um the tree to me and
get the mean guy like always the guy
that wins you know the nice guys comes
last you know what it is that's what it
is
YouTube is the revolution of the nice
guy finally winning we get to win I
don't have to be mean to people to
succeed on YouTube I have to be nice to
people to succeed and that is that the
world needed that change
that was amazing
that was amazing good girl
you did it she'd a whole length again
like she's actually walking now you know
she's not like tripping over and stuff
yeah you're a good girl do you want to
try it again here look I'm trying to
distract you from the books media
don't try it again good girl yeah good
girl
oops bring out the Oh careful careful oh
oh oh oh we finish Tommy are you done
presenting nice time what's our help if
you like some help you can get up there
good girl
you brought him on a little adventure
huh yeah you're good it'll be Cooke's
you did it you've got a little adventure
uh-uh-uh
I'll be so cross doggie okay a lot of
people you think they're noodle hill
starts you need lols accelerator have to
have things to be done reading yeah well
doesn't happen I turn it off if anything
the opposite way will be really the way
we want to do it because are you always
kind of gonna roll back a little bit
like no oh not whole reason why we're
doing the sale starts is to feel a
certain strain off your clutch before
you're going to release a handbrake
when you feel that strain you're not
going to roll back there has to be
minimal but we want to do it that we
don't roll back at all and then we're
just bringing it straight forward bring
into accelerator now okay I'm down our
knees our handbrake keep your breath
going
and then millimeters ease off
what
okay now close down again I'm going to
do is loads more of these okay now that
you did that if you can do that all the
time why would you do that
okay I used to Lisa right that's all I
did I just passable okay good
they're just we felt the strain but then
as we started to move off you kind of
put your phone people pressure on the
clutch again that meant we weren't
getting the strain weren't getting a
bite wanted okay
I love Harrison
like I won't take it saturday through
today I'm gonna think
Oh sir
drop that up and her mom says cuz
immediately I needed a nappy change and
I'm jumping into the p.o box because I'm
so excited
the girl has arrived Oh mom I'm so
excited to put it in the car
I hope it's I hope I can do it I don't
know I you know I'm gonna give it a go I
quite enjoy it actually you know doing
some of the DIY stuff myself it's kind
of fun you know it's like you bond with
a car you know I don't know I don't know
maybe it's my bomb on my laptop I bailed
on my phone about my camera I bought
everything I'm a bounder maybe common if
you're a bounder
or maybe you're just like that whatever
it's just a car whatever it's just a
phone a camera a computer whatever I
don't know I always make a friends with
my devices when you doing here hey nice
shoes trying to get out let's um just
push you in okay cuz we're gonna have
something up yeah yeah you know you
can't really reach Oh cherry tomatoes
she hasn't had them in ages cuz we
haven't had them in a while Oh dad for
Diane I only fear never try it
I can judge me now all right I got my
stuff I got my stuff there's my grill
and here's another pile of Stoops oh
yeah that's my present from YouTube hi
got a prob you you know when you hit
your hundred thousand now I'm hundred
thousand when you're under 2,000
subscribers you get a present
she's so funny look at her she took off
her sock and then I had to hide it from
her because she was covering it in food
me hook was that what's that mmm I'm
just gonna have my bread okay mom I'm
sure she'll have it after yeah plush I
had to confiscate that sock because she
was just getting a completely covering
of food and then she was washing her
 enjoy the table and like if you
work late nothing you're disgusting hmm
oh okay really okay stop interesting
oh well she took ah okay she's got it
well it is batter
hey maybe hi-yah I think if he's
concerned about you if he come here come
on good boy good boy it's different to a
doggy French hey that's a cat :
Italian
oh hello boys and girls
my name is Kniffin oh my goodness that's
a baby oh you want to chase she's like
scared within she wants to go up her if
you rush towards are gonna might like
you more
what do you think Oh your phone's
ringing your phones ringing
oh my goodness you know how to answer
our phones we let your doggie friends in
you let your doggie friends in doggy
Jack
ducky Jack one more look at you thinking
what I go out there well I go right
there uh-uh-uh-uh
beep beep beep do not you get your
little parlor there that world isn't
available to you yet that's only for
walkers you're a crawler excited guys
let's have a look let's have a look at
our purchase
are you excited I'll be having these is
a toy for him oh yeah oh yeah look at
this beast how epic is that I know you
probably don't understand it right now
it's so cool-looking it's gonna look so
epic looking look legitimate parts yeah
actually legitimate Maserati part I have
to put my emblem thing on it and I may
not appreciate it sitting there like who
- we're trust me that is gonna be so
awesome
unfortunately Anna has gone a silly so
um I have to mind Emilio so I may not
get it done hopefully hopefully I do
somehow get it done you wanna help
friend
I'm not sure how hot though all right so
this is what the car looks like right
now there's the grill that we're going
to put onto it
so this is the before you guys can leave
comments and see what you guys think I
think this thing is gonna look epic
obviously doesn't go on it like that I
have to take this thing off but uh I
think it's gonna look so awesome did you
find pepper that's proper she just
picked it up was like oh my god a big
huh did you find Peppa Pig no now
newbies newbies me all right so they're
trying to get the Trident off right as
you can see like it's just attached on
with these two little balls but I can't
find I had a long-lost player somewhere
I just can't seem to find it
to detach it but I'm determined to find
it I know I've seen it I have like a big
to assess and I usually keep ever in
this case my don't worry I better was
used for something or somebody used it
for something hmm didn't put it back in
this place so I think I might end up in
this this is this is the mommy pile for
wrapping paper stickies post-its
battery's stuff like that that it might
be in here I found this wow I didn't
realize that I had one actually small
enough to fit in it I got the first one
off
I got a Trident Leeson on the bottom I
just need to try and get it on the top
foot this is super difficult but we're
almost there
tada I got it off alright
had to attach it to the new one alright
you guys ready
oh that's it now what do you think
doesn't that look so much better than it
was get away I don't know leave your
comments they would you guys think I
just think that looks so much better cuz
it's like the lower grille is like flush
with the top girl it's so much better
look and I think that's my opinion
good morning again friendliest
friendliest friendliest friend hey
everyone
I look at camellia when she's out in a
clip mm-hmm excuse me I'm just a little
embarrassed right now
hey little red any cheeks did you enjoy
your sleep did you have a nice sleep
some people say my hair reminds them of
Krusty the Klown that makes me mad hello
no turn off your device we're gonna says
get some nom noms get chim moon cheese
would you like some munchies
Baron Munchausen haha crater I come up
with these movie references isn't that
just Garrity isn't that a gorgeous image
you'll see there now before yeah isn't
this guy richest you've got the mama and
the Papa and they love each other and
it's just only gorgeous and precious and
they're the moments that you have to
remember forever and ever because it's
all kinda stopped ages and we're going
to show this all melius friend and
lovely and their happy 21st birthday
Amelia this is the video I've chosen to
show how much so today for dinner we're
having dr. gross car special pizzas and
Amelia's having doctor ordered baby
pizzas how cool is that the the people
at doc truth car send us this thing and
then vouchers himself to get these but
how cool is that
look little baby pizzas and amelia loves
it oh look they're here they're trying
uh bistros oh god they are so good
little baby pizzas in media
oh I already picked the detail look like
you scatter yeah do you love them yeah
that is can clear the slate daddy yeah
and then like if that never happens to
the roof we can always just slip that up
there and then they sent me like a
makeup bag because you're supposed to
your makeup I hope in like the 15 while
you're waiting to do that they don't
like makeup inside of me
you enjoying that friend you doing there
friend anyone have to end today's vlog
right now we're going to pick out my
little pepper pigs in that right friend
say I'm a Peppa Pig yeah she's not ready
she loves them give me a comedy Bureau
Peppa Pig and I'll see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
