back to the Houser to the corner are we
yeah
good morning class and welcome to Moodle
to County Jail is my name is here as you
can see I have a nametag now this is my
daughter her name is Amelia the
destroyer this is my wife beautiful Mac
beautiful I used to have dogs but we've
given them all away I have one dog he's
a nice little chap he sleeps all day
long not like the one that's made eye
contact while peeing hmm
she just walks up she just looked at me
he's like immediately totally cut the
grass if you gotta like it a little baby
lamb or be so cute
is that she probably died or chopped our
legs off it's a long more it's very long
it's a short more because I just say I
don't think I'm not a glamorous a
grammar esque
expel things wrong I say things wrong
what is it okay there you go put that on
my list are you cutting lungs yeah it
slowed the grass is long huh when the
grass is long I must get the mower to
sort out the lopping this huh come on
you love me you love me very much
it was evicted oh my god I went three
disinfect there's there two undiscounted
I never did outside I only ever do
immediate spot I always do under there
that's what you get the good stuff
no you're not gonna do it and then I
started asking you like okay what are
you gonna do this are you gonna do it
you like stop nagging me I always do
everything like okay and then I condemn
the next morning and I'm just like do a
pretty good job but it's not even that I
wanted to have you last night
no because two people are going to
become one do you need some love like
you've never needed love before like
this little top it looks like a a
backward person what they're multiplyin
back to the hazardous corner are we yeah
what are you doing why are you obsessed
with this Gord I mean yeah no where are
you going where are you going
Mina Amelia hi oh don't put that in your
mouth uh I have to take this for my new
what was that
hi there little friend
what happened here huh Jesus no where's
the inner part of that you are the
destructor for someone I can't walk you
definitely have no problem getting
around the house you need to just make
everything in the head over like
styrofoam or something you go Mike to
knock it over again make your way over
to the carriage while you're dreaming
that because I want to see Bianca's
reaction hello doggy you are a nice
doggy
thank you for being a good doggy
hello small child you are in good more
child I have been sued ah ok ok so it's
not time we need to change first and my
hair is like all kinds of funky right
now like it's actually I don't know it
looks like I'm having a nervous
breakdown or Indian thing well it's the
last thing on my mind right now so we
have a little outfit picked out we've
got this which is kind of odd because
it's like a vest but then it's actually
a t-shirt it's weird but it's nice I
like it
she wore it a lot in Sorrento just on
its own so we're gonna get drawer
first and then we're gonna have naptime
okay because mom didn't even realize how
old ADA was I'm a big fan of this
rhubarb and ginger ginger preserve a bee
farm it's so good
get these it's a tasty toasted bagels
some nice coffees mm-hmm
think somebody wants to go outside look
at my pants as well these were like
completely clean before going up and
stairs and then from just sitting on the
couch I'm playing with the dogs and
everything
they just got destroyed but there are
those kinds of pants thought like
everything so regardless of what does
the dog shed or not which technically
they don't but of course does a little
bit of shedding when dogs don't shed
that basically just means that they have
to seem kind of Harris like humans do so
it doesn't mean that they don't shed
full stop it means that like they don't
shed like other dogs do you know what I
mean they shed as much as a human person
does a sheep in person as much as I do
so obviously there's always gonna be
hairs but um it's not anywhere as bad as
it would be if they were none if they
weren't non shed if that's why my pants
are like this renew smokes
yes snack time in the city my old
previous need describes technique to
one-hand things in as a blogger you
learn to do a lot of things one handedly
maybe did you do it steel and see that
that's the kidney my Netflix is that if
you're in the middle of watching
something a new posit you can actually
it just continues on exactly we are in a
different device I love you
good morning again friendly as friendly
as friend deposit us for you guys to say
it leave a comment if you actually sung
it and then stop them was like Joey why
you leave us hanging so grandma suck
ponies on the way over she's gonna hook
you need knees up with so much I gotta
go pick up the poops and you guys want
to pick up whoops
cuz we're all like one ginormous big
family here so I think it's a bad time
you guys pick up the poop alright what
do you think they'll be amazing
disinfect where's the disinfectant
thoughts I have exorcised the poop it's
really terrifying when you're going
around specially when flip-flops cuz
it's like every step to be a landmine a
poop landmine long is actually like it's
like my sister's ain't like oh my god
your grass looks like fake okay good
Wally you guys when I got that you know
good quality grass that is like it's so
good it's so good except they gotta cut
it now cause it's just like impossible
to keep it poo free
alright don't they like it as much cuz
they can't run around as much oh I think
it's gonna take like two goes that's
like run over it would like I'm like a
mid blade and then run over with like a
low blade but it's such a good glowing
grass it was such a good idea wasn't it
that time cuz my humor stay to the grass
prior to actually going and buying that
stuff that's what you call a good
investment when everyone's inside
enjoying lunch
while I met here slaving away
I'm hungry
getting somewhere lives
my mom made this rice salad which she I
think she tried to recreate from the
hotel that we stayed at in Sorrento and
it looks the same to me it looks the
same but Jonathan says like mowing the
lawn his choice and then we're all in
here eating so it's a bit weird but yeah
I'm in half the dr. headland conference
Melia had a plate but she kept messing
with it so now she's just eating off the
tape don't drop that that's a really
good one the egg is good good girl
so we're having our a solid and there's
cake in the oven as well but it looks
really funny because it's like a really
small it's a Rachael Allen cake and I
didn't I couldn't find my baking tray so
it's in like a huge kind of not
casserole dish but like a little I don't
know how to explain show it to you later
but it looks really funny cuz it looks
Chinese I think your cake from like just
let me put it in that funny liquid size
it is now huh is that a funny bunny
bunny bunny oh is that an egg egg nest
egg when it showed me a new trick
no chairman shake look she actually gets
around the whole couch using oh yes so I
read the comment someone said cruising
is the thing yeah for a baby when they
move around using what she could she can
get to here right and then she can reach
across grab back coaxed he has been
driving all the time but she can get
from across like Mission Impossible she
like gets across here like she's
Mendel's alright on hold on I do your
trick do your tricks come on dan den dan
den dan den dan den dan den dan den dan
den dan ten
you start to heat the alarm sensors that
are on the floor never really have those
trigger centers Oh
your plan was it right take one book
which book are you reading the truth
about dogs good choice
that's a good one for you to read we're
doing their friends even going with the
ball
okay this never leave your child
unattended keep an eye on the child
do not cross this red line look dad
please come back don't cross the red
line don't cross the red line if you
just pull on the floor we have to rename
it to Julie Julie Julie I've been the
bongos yeah nice moves friend you're
gonna be a musician when you grow up it
also acts as a nice hat look give it to
me you're so strong like hanging around
here mom's ordering dinner we're getting
the knock on ty mega green daiquiri what
are you again media gets the a sweet
corn cakes they're like cakes later this
week corn
everybody she likes them I like them we
all like them excitement we have to
pretend you have to be like you know
when you're sitting there waiting for
the delivery man and then he's about to
come up to the house but then you have
to play it all cool or like or whatever
I totally wasn't waiting here so you got
a back hide behind the door back away
pretend that you want to come out all
right it's prop guys free D animals but
you're too late he's gone oh come on
hold it together friend hold it together
this probably is making gogo asleep
though yeah maybe turn that off
look at this little tired anywhere if
you go down and when's the day you
surely get a surprise today did it
yesterday I'm buying food go for it go
for it is where Amelia got their like
sweet corn thingy bobbins let's put them
on her Gretchen not Gretchen mm-hmm kept
pointing the comments as a nut that has
a way of like dish man I basically
everything is quiche Mac because when I
am when I was in transition year I lived
in Germany as an exchange student for
like I don't know tons of months and
that was one thing every time at dinner
when we got dinner I always you say ah
you sweat know so I just I always say no
whoo Schmidt mmm I love to get all of
their rights and put it into all of the
sauce and then make a sort of a rice
soup rice soup with chicken and greens
and peas and everything else hmm
there's a lot of green there we could
use a little bit more green Gogan
everyone's getting some shots in the
ribs
what'd you guys think huh oh did he get
some she did okay that was my idea okay
it's over now it's gone one lick one
bite get a job yet some no no I'll be
he's too scared okay that's great
no no they all trying to steal it look
at them that's how you know they're good
dogs they always that go with heads or
just one get all be some get all be some
look I'm gonna pick him up go
he doesn't really help very many no you
get everyone else going crazy
why does Ivy get special attention
Doughboy Alvey huh
oh he's a go for you hey he'll know
how's things over here friend
I am a seal like you know like a seal
that's like lying down and I've got my
stomach is I'm just like I'm a sea lion
you know you want prepare yourself so
funny your food comes out your mouth
I have eaten so much food I hope eating
so much food I cannot move I cannot move
for days on end you're gonna have to
take over Amelia it's all on you now mom
and dad have eaten themselves into a
coma come on it's bad time
come on let's go Liam let's go let's go
oh whoops everybody's upside down
everybody's outside
hi there hey there hey there she do it
did she do it don't you baby damn it
where you going what are you good what
are you going you off into your bath and
you pop in your pop will see your
friends tomorrow total though totally
cool day hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
