I know I do love you
I mind you because I love you not for
your beautiful hair
my friend I don't think mom is really
nuts at breakfast today my mom needs
feeling kind of sick and tired right
want to get some breakfast okay so we
have mommy's breakfast but it doesn't
look like mommy's having breakfast today
okay
Parrish is on the girlfriend
Jiki banana
I'm a very cheeky banana no I must
undress myself first one wouldn't want
to be eaten fully dressed one day could
you fill the pose of my circuit roars
didn't I don't put the thing on there
did you call this thing a Gretchen or
something I'm not quite sure minor is
Gershman no wait but my H is Nick so
good
it's not you smacked all right I almost
forgot the bamboo we almost had a big
plastic time whoa seems an appropriate
big choice yes good choice I was
actually thinking it over I want myself
look touch feet together
Oh or feet friends perfect friends will
be friends
are you off there are you off there yeah
whoa look at you hey that's cheating
hey cheater that's cheating we cash in
the bed huh we're getting nowhere by the
way we're getting nowhere
all right let's go let's bring you
upstairs friend hey what do you do don't
close that thing I just came down that's
like lunchtime but I have any breakfast
yet surprise got up like normal at 9:00
I woke up watch we woke up the link I
mean he has been waking in the night
like were 5 a.m. and I don't know why I
thought like that Oh Jonathan so nice it
does things like that really Susannah oh
my God look him which it's burned in
it's okay they're on offer at home story
yeah I know it is cool that's what I
thought when ya know when Darwin
Jonathan's nothing was over Austin and
they were playing and stuff and like I
wasn't really getting not stressed out
about the mask because it was all
contained in here now it doesn't solve
the problem of the dogs chewing up the
toys but I just so Mimi I went down for
now she was crying for ages and I just I
didn't cuz that's where she gets her
first milk but she had had one that like
for five or whatever because that's just
been happening a lot lady but I gave her
her milk
and then she then she went - she was
fine about it but I felt so bad look I
missed her all morning I was just like
thinking about it and like thinking
about her bad it's all it and everything
but then at the same time not being able
to get out of bed because I'm like
feeling so sick I still feel sick so I'm
gonna try and get some kind of food into
me right now I hear a friendliest friend
making friendliest friendliest noises I
hear a friendliest friend are you my
friendliest friend making noises making
noises making noises do not chew on that
please that is your bed
whoa we get dressed ready get dressed
dad what do you some sort of say can be
me or something dad dad are you out
putting on a Klingon baby huh let's get
outta here let's get some clothes friend
what do you want to know what do you
want to wear today it's kind of like a
pajama day puja ma what's my name oh
yeah ma hey don't put you you put your
nose in my finger accidentally picked
her nose now let's go this one woohoo
it's good collection good selection
collection huh collection selection
Jackson
Injection collection selection let's go
up here now to second level this is like
tier one see how we did
let's see how we did what does mom think
how did we do with it we changed her
twice there was a bit of mixing and then
I found these plants and they're like oh
my god that kind of mix it and watching
you should be in the real housewives of
cork huh okay I didn't put socks on
because I was like she might slip isn't
it better if she doesn't have socks on
yeah
whoo Oh how are you so it's a bank
holiday weekend in Ireland right I'm not
sure if it's bank holiday weekend and
you carry any routes in the world but I
was just wondering right
how would you class a bank holiday
weekend right do you think it's like a
double Friday a double Saturday or a
double Sunday or are you just go know
what you're talking about I just have
Monday off work you know cuz I'm always
like I always classes a double Saturday
I always think like God tonight it's
fine holiday weekend Sunday so it's like
oh it's like Saturday night again I
never classes like Bilbo Friday or
double Sunday I always see it is like
double Saturday because Sunday is like
the kind of like relax nay on nuts
Monday morning is tomorrow Friday is
like just finish work so it's like whoa
so you don't have like a double Friday
because it doesn't make any sense then
sunday is the anticipation for tomorrow
but there is no tomorrow because
tomorrow is Sunday again cuz it's a bank
holiday weekend so I class it as a
double Saturday what do you guys think
maybe some commanders let me know we'll
discuss it
my goodness very creative discussion
look at the describe disruption
destruction of this place oh my god oh I
hate blogs for like I mean I'm talk
about our blogs I don't care about other
people's blog they can do what they want
but hey buds were the house looks messy
or I'm like flopping around in my PJs
but I actually just feel so crappy I was
gonna put some makeup on he's just like
trying make an effort but I'm sorry I
feel so bad I just like can't I don't
even there's no point
there's like look what she did she's
actually clever she went through she
like I mean the girl can't even walk but
I mean I know she can crawl but like she
actually walked um you know using what's
that word is it polite it and all that's
not coast not coasting
I can't remember but where you basically
like use furniture to like move around
she did that and then she got through
here and she pushed this open this was
like this and she got out and she took
all the books out and then she had a nun
over to the dog food which
why it's up there right now so yeah I'm
gonna do some damage control
madam all we need to get you some drink
each place is jam-packed today I had to
park all the way at the back like pretty
much carry man I'm just cut her hair
laughing at the mass Richie don't you
finish you wanted it's been important so
I was like I got my flowers it's not
cheer up
and you cute Peter squished up
do you think you got a little thing of
pink roses what they're winning
you know media we saw the Easter today I
saw something walking at Tesco at a pink
box and I was like oh my god we need to
find out what they are
let's bring vanilla buffets and that's
an bloody tasty take it we'll take a
standard ones loud okay she doesn't like
the new ones because I notice there's
nothing there and I thought pink roses I
know I do love you I married you because
I loved you not for your beautiful hair
did you just came in to say hi did you
roll my home I'm rolling my home she is
almost standing unassisted you were
trying really hard she keeps coming and
I'm just trying to stand up all the time
look and she like 100 for a bit and it
looks will try she see she's gonna work
out her balance
are you joined the standing up thing
aren't you
the beast and her friend okay she could
you try to do oh yeah that's alright I
was just watching um
Housewives of New York and it's like
you're a really old one
Oh daddy married you don't crap it's all
a mess in here with the house anyways
drive in you know when you changed her
not be you never put it in the bin
anyways so there was this dog who was
like misbehaving and it turns out the
whole root of the problem was that the
dog was sleeping in the bed and remember
we were saying how Albee totally changed
after he stopped sleeping in our bed so
don't make that mistake if you are like
a dog owner and I don't know it's really
hard and it's way easier said than done
hello we slept with him in her bed for
four years okay but almost four years
but um definitely looking to that if
your dog's being aggressive or like mean
or something taking him off the bed at
night will probably it's less confusing
for them because then they know their
place in the household and definitely he
has changed so much since we stopped
letting him in our bed so I thought just
like I I couldn't believe it I was like
oh my god that's exactly what happened
with Albee that wasn't even the point of
why we did it we just did it because we
wanted everybody in the same room and so
you're gonna go down for a little nap
now oh my God look at this cutie going
do it again do it again
sure you just noticed I have a belly
button that's all like that cuz you yeah
that's all wrinkly cuz you do it again
hmm it's freaky it's freaky did a little
a little different where is it
Waylon moving crazy yeah I'm back at it
I didn't watch the last episode of this
season
wanted to wait to find a hidden adopter
us I just that anything to not go out
I'm quite happy with the choice it did
me doctor
I'm glad the women side of amateur thing
I thought I was wondering when they're
gonna go younger again but I was like on
I like that I like that it's something
kind of different you know who is your
favorite if you're a fan of Doctor Who
who was your favorite I would say David
Tennant was definitely my favorite
doctor
I've enjoyed math I enjoyed the guy
before David but Eccleston because he
was really good you know one season
though but definitely Dave was my
favorite so I'm kind of hoping this new
guy it's gonna bring something new new
sort of anger or a new personality or
traits to the show you know come on the
school bus is outside take one of me
what out you don't have to walk to
school gonna walk the school do you
inside a dogs bomber friendliest friend
good morning again
friendliest brain you take the pasta and
pie and take your passing its parcels
pass the parcels then you add the
special sauce and you hope it is good it
might taste like crap but that's the
risk that you take I forgot to heat it
up I have just realized it's a little
bit cold but so hey I think fast on the
ball make the baby little plate boom you
check bow chicka bow bow bow here is a
little plate of pasta for my little
friendliest friends bow chicka bow
chick blow on is pretty hot hot yeah
- I love not 100% sure if that is going
to work
hey let me give me just give me a little
bit of a helping hand here let's flip it
around oh my goodness is disgusting
it's 50 pound huh we enjoyed our food
what are you reckon he's been pretty
intense about that oh just spit it out
is that funny is that funny I like water
everywhere no place is so good yeah well
done friend huh she could she woulda
went the whole way if I it's like
obviously if this is anyway you're so
good at this now huh
you're so good at this just you want to
go back being away
can you get yourself up look there's
like two babies oh my goodness America's
mirror moves-
there's two Amelia's that's what -
Amelia's look like high-five each other
have each other - Millions
baby twins if we had twins oh my
goodness that's what it looked like if
we had twins oh my goodness that we so
cray-cray great great okay okay huh and
on that bombshell are you going huh
where are we going we're just
investigating are we going to the good
night you're gonna say good night moon
night friends thanks for calling
thanks for calling by friendly your
friends we'll see you tomorrow night
night hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
