don't ever wear a waterproof happy
you're not going to go into pool cook on
a day like drift Heric like sorry Amelia
in the future if you have like flash
practice you have like nightmare if you
have an irrational fear of waterproof
nappies
morning teal what you got there what you
got there
hi Ali
we're gonna sleep on this dr. thing
morning crazy gang
mornin poly morning little friendly as
friend oh my goodness so I don't get
homes like half two or so my god yeah
bad luck huh
three ish and then immediate will call
at 4:00 but I don't know what happened
like she's always like to have to hold
my babies because they were moving ran
something after then she yeah she woke
up like you had like five or six hours
sleep so she was like and tuesd you know
and it was like oh my god to put her in
the bed but then she saw a mobile that
actually like just like stood up you
know she had a thing on and she was like
just looking around is her like jumping
event we're like oh my god II can't go
back to sleep because she did like fall
better somewhere since he entertained
for a while and put it better than five
and she woke up again this morning and
so I was like look someone has to make
the sacrifice so I'm upstairs in bed and
I am then here with Amelia that's the
sacrifice I decided to make so let's get
some coffee on the go
you guys want a coffee what's going on
here there's a bit of a is a bit of a
fight for the zebra there's a fight for
the zebra what's wrong with the horsey
you ready for breakfast I'm with dad but
this time daddy he made some baby
Parcher well it's not baby boy it's just
half my part - the best
are you arcing going on my finger you
know I know my finger to boldly go where
no man's gone before what are you doing
what are you doing I love mine impressed
when you dressed her I did well we got
so close look we got the swim nappy on
we got everything we're about to walk
out the door and then she saw you and
that was that
hello look like Turner and I love when
she did this what is that
no I said I always do it in the bath I
always stack all the toys on her head in
doo doo tick tick tick tick gasser we're
almost at the door oh and my p.o box
price emailed me this morning they're
like actually we did have the playpen in
they just didn't realize it so let's go
and collect that now I just know she
just loves tacky things red look in your
face Oh
hey what you gonna get it look like she
can stand up and get it she matches my
pillow oh my God we're all matching look
oh it's all levels of glue out if you
got mom's nose um Melia Emilia where you
go back here are you going who's your
plan there put your hand put your plan
oh my goodness oh we're definitely are
consuming today now but she's still
wearing on she's doing this wave nappy
no she's probably asleep
cuz I thought you were gonna be sleep
for a few hours so I was like oh look
I'll go off bring or swim and get to the
PIO box give you loads I'm good like
that
you know as a reward you should as a
reward you should get my foot kiss my
foot as reward hey McFly hi were you
doing down there
what do you do nameless because in
trouble you know me you causing trouble
down here I don't think you're supposed
to be in here right now
oh my goodness must you go everywhere oh
yeah look at some reason Oh what we're
all really just really some way we
refusing the fact that a tornado is
supposed to hit honored today for
refusing I've got my baby and he got his
baby he knees
se√±ores her baby all right over there
oh this are their babies it's lots of
babies now the safe is everywhere
okay give me me frenzy now man okay yeah
we follow you know oh good to stay here
all right the baby might protest the
baby will protest well we're waiting
here did you know that this day was it
four years ago or five years ago four
years ago today we brought home Alvie
huh we find you home four years ago
today out I'm gonna bring you hairy boy
and then today we gave away Bianca huh
I was born in Surrey in London and we
lived at in a Greenwich we brought him
home and we sat on a motorbike five
hours because we missed our exit if you
guys live in London you know but it is
quite large it's quite difficult to get
around we took the motorway we missed
the turn and we ended up am like sitting
on a motorway and I'll be peed on Anna's
lap and she always remember that because
you just looked up at her because
they're like I'm so sorry I am going to
pee on you I need peed on her well
wherever I am is so afraid and we
brought him home to our apartment in
Greenwich Greenwich oh yeah she's no put
in the cage in a cage seen it do you
guys remember when she needs to like her
cuddle her blankie her lover blanket oh
my god she's so heavy Dina
it seems like it's not imaginary born I
thought you guys were all born in that
blanket that's your blankie so happy
feast your eyes your zoo tours building
on planet Earth
what do you think huh on the rainy day
folks
penny is a tornado or a hurricane or the
end of the world or something coming to
Ireland at the moment so I'm looking for
that I've never actually been in our
insider hurricane hurricane we're not
sound popular on hurricane that you love
that song but Bob Dylan do you like all
of Bob's albums this is kind of a song
about Anna and your notice son but I
would have to have to chop it up for
copyright purposes we'll try and get a
better if you notice up
your CD a cork Cortese that's it right
there
ha ha oh my god no that's crazy
Fred gently must be Italian why is she
oh look
awesome last ambassador it's gonna be a
big luck it's fried Julie it's Italian
hey give it to that movie where's that
call a Christmas carol own our christmas
carol is it called a Christmas carol
something like that and the dad boys a
lamp and it was a foot and it came in a
box in a box had fragile on and he was
like whoa fragility he's like must be
Italian so every time I see fragile I
always got it
fly gently right there's something going
on in lifestyle sports on politics trade
absolutely no idea but there's queues of
people there and they've got cameras and
stuff huh a lot of people talking about
stuff I can't
nice baby lady I've got the baby
you taste you're wondering what that
joke was go for a walk instead
you do see exercise but caution jelly
beans a great job for like wooden toys
you some photos this one here
bring toys Douglass course a varying
tracker if your if your phone while I
Frank viola and I make a party tonight
and being a party tonight what are we
gonna do J what what have you got change
look what happens because we got this
film now be honor
mommy saved your life oh look huh we got
a quick change cook what I was in the
middle of saying like that I think the
swimming hockey I left her in o2 peepees
and because it's waterproof DPP's like
buildup or some like that in the car I
think it's spilled Arizona don't we ever
wear a waterproof happy you're not going
to go into pool mom a day like drip
Derek like it's okay it's okay
sorry Amelia in the future if you have
like flashback if you have like
nightmare if you have an irrational fear
of waterproof nappies I apologize this
is where it's wrong but hey we got some
tasty M&S food make up for it Oh YUM you
having a feast
oh my God look Pacino's is back that was
closed for ages why is that special
meaning
that's where the first time I never met
my mom was there
yeah it different but I always remember
that sitting in the corner like small
this is my this is my college
girlfriends here I don't really look
Joey I don't even got well actually only
had about two t-shirts so it was later
one of them and there look at it huh all
grown up
never will we ever have to even
supervise our child anymore
essentially all our woes in life are
over it's the nanny super nanny come on
super nanny get out of here
hello dear friends tonight oh yeah I was
like alright let's take an echo like
nice and I can get instructions I was
like oh god no please help and then I
got a box of screws and screwed
he loves that oh well looky that's
pretty nice it does look nice actually
well John quality wood stuff yeah look
it's all handmade whoo small thanks to
yes especially the guy who sounds like
one of these
or even by his mate Rob we got h by the
way get your favorite giri's in there
okay I need to let those little rats in
they're gonna look like drowned rats
mm-hmm oh jeez Oh God
is that everyone out Albie oh he did I
plopped him out
I'm a cruel mommy hey come on let's go
no that's the laundry room shut Oh God
oh my oh my Kelly oh my self I like
watching Jonathan work makes me remember
why he's here he's that why I'm here not
that little gypsy child over there with
bare bare feet bare legs and some kind
of a dress although it is a really cute
dress I've got my munchies
some you gotta get you to show hmm yeah
it's really cool mm-hmm
oh my god it's pretty as well yeah buddy
look it's like I'm like eating snacks
having my foot massage and licked by it
my friend my friend watching my husband
slave away not watching my daughter oh
you won't have to watch her anymore
this is watcher she hasn't no wonderful
you have to suffer with your child you
can go and have a life again
oh yeah it was funny and we're done yay
look this is how you open it
pull that back you just lift it open
good she's a she's a being drawn in by
pepper right now shows watch this pebble
from it the weirdest angles you know for
like over in that corner reaching up
like yeah keeping their friend
one more hour mean yeah one more hour
Sam look at her look at her poor
forehead y'all love it please no no time
friend do you want to we have a huge
pasta bake in the oven we're gonna split
it's a three-way three-way pasta bake
parmesan tomatoes cherry chicken pasta
that's why are you excited avi Johnny
tannery I wasn't thinking I wasn't
thinking I have said it
tinea I think I think you got away with
us where I'll be I looked up like are
you serious
oh sorry Ivy you know I my Tourette's
sometimes I just say think there oh my
god he'll like it you have to be the
most irritating dog ever he is he always
like you know what he always does
so my slipper off every time he walks by
a zombie
check out those ways ruff I'm like what
is your issue high school learner both
whoa hey I think has run my mouth herzl
see we bet we move this around the house
with him as Amelia walks we like if she
walks we just walk with us she doesn't
walk or she looked like we move with
it's like it's like a grid it's a for
shield you want makeup will work for
cupcakes
well she knows what it is oh my god no
you can have coffee it's fallen asleep
the Beast has fallen asleep
oh no it's Annie corner point is a
quarter past eight which is fine but
just what if she wakes up of course you
waking out just harder yeah I mean you
gotta wake her up to her dinner like
that's how you even put it bad no what
do you guys reckon huh pesto chicken
parmesan cherry tomatoes pasta mm-hmm
what do you reckon little friend sky yes
it is it too friendly as friendly as
pasta in the world
friendly as friendly as pasta in the
world have you ever he doesn't
friendlies friendlies best in the world
have you calling the caterpillar calling
the caterpillar Collin caterpillar hi
I'm calling the caterpillar he is what
he eats
I eat raspberries therefore I am a rash
spring but I just said I was a
caterpillar now this is conflicting
information marks who's this marking
who's that Spencer put in your mat and
squeeze do you think ready under squeeze
I'm going to squeeze I squeeze you drink
or eat or stock or I don't even know
what's coming out of this thing what do
caterpillars taste like oh my god she is
like a monkey
think you ready for bed that's it that's
it
you got a friend say night-night ducky
friends I've seen my doggy friends
tomorrow I see my doctor friends
tomorrow we got the bath running whoo
there's all the toys in and a sturdy
ingredients and a spare all the
ingredients make it taste just right
why didn't about don't forget to clean
behind you yes be careful now now who
wouldn't want to fool you wouldn't want
to fall over
would you for such a plan kiss me a kiss
hmm could make us good break up thank
you very much I really appreciate it up
Fuu no don't go crazy don't be crazy
don't be quick boys and girls don't be
crazy in the bath because it's not fun
will you carry this Oh what adventure
are you on oh goodness
okay you're actually walking into bats
oh geez oh god okay hold on huh
hey my friend thanks for calling thanks
for calling friendliest friends on a
Friday by a friend his friends it's
Thursday for us but it's fighting for
them if you're watching it under they
realize oh well very sleepy all right
good night everyone say night night
night my friends
oh yeah kind of sound like this yeah hi
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
