Christmas like Christmas seriously like
it's Raven Halloween eeeh
oh my goodness what I don't
how's it going there everybody you're
very welcome to this evening's cabaret
empty intro to a Christie more songs I
would say most you guys no idea who is
right are you ready for school run pop
Milan it together
so we're a little bit late because we
were all very excited this morning that
Alessi was in her own bed and people
wanted to go in and say hi how's it
going
and then somehow everybody ended up back
in mommy and daddy's bad so you know
we're a little bit late for school
we're not late for school just late for
traffic
guess who's going upstairs to her
bedroom mm-hmm
so unless he has slept in her bed in her
own room last night
which I was really sad about because
every time I looked over there I mean I
need to get rid of it now I cannot get
rid of it but like put it into storage
or something because it's just taking up
space now but I'm gonna move all of her
stuff out of our room which is gonna be
really sad it's just like I hate these
like changes like I went through it with
the other two as well and I just didn't
like it like especially with not so much
with Amelia which is kind of a shame
like I did go through stuff with Amelia
boat moving her out of the bedroom and
stuff like wasn't I don't remember it
being as emotional I think because she
was the first and I knew I was gonna
have more I don't know then why do I was
upset and then with this one I wasn't as
upset with as with Eduardo because I had
a feeling as well with Eduardo that he
could be our last like I did think that
we were either gonna have two or four
like that's kind of like always been my
platen so I wasn't as sad with her as I
was with Eduardo and I just wasn't a sad
with Amenia either so it's kind of like
going in in twos but um yes it was still
sad every time I looked over at it I
just got really depressed
I had like her on the monitor like I
could see her so that kind of helped and
she did really well she slept until 555
no 550 so ten to six which is okay I got
her up at that time then and I just fed
her in our bed because there was no
point in putting her back down at that
time like she usually wakes up at half
6:00 anyway and I would say that was a
success like I still had to go up and
feed her like give her like a dream feed
but I'm gonna do that until she's
established on solids because I just
don't think she's I don't think she's
getting enough during the day for me to
let her go all night
Wow so snazzy
put this chair in here which actually is
okay and doesn't look nice or anything
but it's actually quite convenient for
me but yeah I love the color this is all
the mess needs to be sorted out
a wardrobe actually cleared out but um
yeah let's do this
icon has run I like to go for run
everyday I have been friends ever since
the kids go back to school so need
enough I am like I gotta do it min today
I was just like literally I'm not
getting energy back so I need to find
new energy and it's gonna kill me for a
few days but then it should eventually
back she's very like that's very bright
can you see me yeah but it's not as
vibrant here it was when you were in
your diary coming in no no we hear it's
light behind you but in there it was
dark and I just walked in and Jonathan
Risley you are gonna make him laugh
right 50 mile run well I'm running this
garland
thank you not so fast
17 days well it's whenever this block
goes up at 70 days today told I'm a
published author
hmm failed in school but yet I still
managed to do it right well have fun I
was gonna be in school for one this girl
picked up her own stock and just started
eating it yuk yuk
you suck you suck you suck
oh look at these stinky little feet hmm
cheesy people love sniffing your feet
actually all of my children to be are
still cute you still at that acute stage
I don't know when it starts getting
knock you probably wanna teenagers but
at the moment they're still out you
your visas do it is being a little brat
so I'm gonna take her with me in the car
collector boy doe she keeps wanting to
go outside and cause trouble so we're
gonna do through this and come on cause
we're gonna be late okay you can keep me
company today alright grab my water so
yeah she's just being a little brat hate
that when I go to the pickup and it
starts raining I'm standing it slide
with no umbrella just heavens open and
you're not prepared you don't have a
jack or anything cause he just nipped
out okay calm down calm yourself okay
get money little friend you know did you
have a nice leave did you
if you have a nice leave there's my tea
baby uh-huh you have a nice sleep yeah
you know you're so cute huh any meetings
a baby I used to come into her a little
bit the friend you did yeah oh did you
the head bunk you just give yourself a
head bump
Jill it's bunk you just give yourself a
bunk come on butter's shall we go over
here and so the cycle repeats itself and
celery cycle repeats itself huh
connecting Amelia 2.0
are you media to window guys did you
know I don't know if you knew okay but I
did not do very well in school one like
Amelia who is doing very well in school
but in 17 days Amelia I am going to be a
published author an author I should call
my English teacher how excited are you
for signatories and the great monkey
Amelia is very excited Amelia today one
of the medians friends was put on a
school banner know it was Sofia
yeah one of her mates was put in the
school you know like when he you know
any advertise the school they probe big
banners up so everyone's like oh my god
she's famous I was like that and then I
was telling her name Amelia
Sakura enjoy using the great cat nap you
are gonna be in a book next week where
are we going
Africa that's gonna take a while guys
you're the captain
alright captain Oh guys look Halloween
it's Halloween
okay we do everything you say do we need
to get all these boxes of chocolates the
magazines oh no no no oh let's do that
at the end oh boy
let's do that at the end there's a big
trolley right now we only need the
basics guys the magazine shop what are
you guys seeing you guys soon this guy's
Christmas like Christmas seriously like
it's not even Halloween yet oh my
goodness what I don't know someone did
eat the chocolate Santa you know nine of
that for another like three months what
my little pony cake right would it be
mad though to eat a Christmas pudding in
September I really like Christmas
puddings I think I'm gonna get one
you're gonna go mental sit down please
we're gonna get a Christmas pudding
gonna get two of them actually there's
miss puddings in September it's a new
thing it's the new rage oh man here for
the custard you need custard to go with
you guys
that's the rules oh my goodness look at
that cake huh look at that cake isn't it
neat wouldn't you like to have it to eat
cut search now we want ready-made Custer
because I am not making the customer
wasn't our little M sample pots or like
you know like the little ones is that
this know what what have you you little
monkeys there this is it this is it at
that rice pudding
Devin custard this guy's here you want
rice pudding look it's for for to quit
so I should probably get four puddings
anyway it'll be the only rational thing
to do it's the only rational thing to do
what it's the only rational thing to do
get more pudding okay this is mental
okay bye what were you going guys
queries where you going so Amelia thinks
that I'm not allowed to do this because
look it's it's one of the wrong ones but
she thinks that ammonia right over there
and and SM Oh careful my custard please
jeepers
how does the custard work custard and
pudding in September huh guys bears
daddy's car let's look at the doggy
hello
buggy in that car oh I was looking at
the dogs alright we've made us Eduardo
there's rules there's rules we're back
in the car we haven't got far to go open
your toys you know don't use them on
your new cars on it has he seven years
ago Jonathan Jolie from Dublin took out
a web cam and decided to start recording
videos
don't even to YouTube oh my goodness the
videos were simple and didn't get that
much attention but fast forward seven
years and four thousand videos later
Jonathan his wife Anna and the entire
family have become internet superstars
they have produced a video every single
day for the past seven years gaining
huge popularity online so much so dr.
YouTube channel now has almost 700
million views
but because everything that we are doing
four years ago the family left the home
and caught and moved to London and
that's what I'm eating Jonathan oh it's
so weird seeing your life being told
like the story of the vlogs and stuff
being told by somebody else from someone
else like somebody else edited like no
one else edits these loves it's me so no
one else tells my story but somebody
else took my footage and told the story
about since I've been starting YouTube
that's crazy crazy I don't know if I can
even link I'll try and leave a link
below you guys can go watch the episode
of Sun or tea player it's easy guys I
think he said Shore we're eight years
ago when he did to thing he said that
you can watch it anywhere but I yeah I
think was pretty cool I was like that's
cool that's good this is your life or
something like that yeah anyway we're
gonna eat some food and I don't know
else we're gonna do I don't even know
but you know did you've been tangled hit
the like button hit the comic wouldn't
hit the subscribe button hit the Val
button hit yourself
