yummy I felt you know addictive to do
today
oh no you're all gonna holding him back
beep-beep
good morning again friendliest
friendliest friend even though this is
not good morning again oh god yes he
kind of is got an old 4 a.m. wake up
call by the doggies and then we couldn't
find al be using the plants much I was I
couldn't find him everyone was in and I
was going trying to go back upset and I
couldn't find out me and I was all like
in my birthday suit so I didn't want to
turn on the floodlights and go outside
no hi neighbors together ooh banana
blueberry banana blueberry you may
wonder why she's eating with her hands
there was a fork spork hit the sport oh
my god it's like torrential raining and
the puppies are outside and I saw them
like zipping around the this is gonna be
in oh god oh jeez
yeah I can see nuttin going she doesn't
know why she's all wet
look at the destruction the description
we playing with our ice cream would you
like some ice cream I love this were you
outside were you outside oh my goodness
what's been going on in here
place is soaked the floors are soaking
like it was it was sunny this morning
what oh my goodness it was like sunny
this morning would you like a little
wooden stroller thing to help you walk
oh he just beat me oh my god you're a
beater your pedicure is fading friend
you don't need to get another pedicure
oh that's me
can you stack yeah she's not on the
stacking as well
she loves stacking things right you need
to get you something to stack huh
read undo down choices choices yeah you
don't put that one over there oh nice I
see you I see you've done there
oh uh oh um small problem she has
noticed she's noticed Hitler like what
is - what the hell is that the way I
just go row
you're so funny
yeah what is it huh you want to stack
all them now look what Bianca did to one
of my pet paints I was so upset
yesterday anyways so I try it on the
peachy-keen one yes why don't you think
I mean it's odd it's kind of it doesn't
really I don't know it's like it blends
in with my foundational or my
moisturizer it's kind of weird it's like
really I don't know I don't I really
don't know if I like it or not I've
never worn this color lip before like
what do you think get closer and I know
how close I want to get I don't know
it's not like that a mistake yeah it's
weird it looks like you've just eaten a
cream cake yeah this guy will say it's
pigmented but did Bianca actually mess
up the one that I will like because I
was a different one this is one
beatitude so I'm going to try the other
one you guys can let me don't you think
psychotic weather we're having here like
as sunny and beautiful it is now and a
few minutes ago it was like not
beautiful and sunny huh yes yes this is
way better a way more up my alley now
some of you might prefer well I don't
know who in their right mind would
prefer another one because I don't think
I'm owned in any favors this is perfect
ah I love it I can tell this is going to
be in white August favorites probably I
feel like I'm gonna wear this every
single day I love it so much
and kind of working on his project
that's it you know it's one of these
like okay okay you know and it is kind
of like rice-a-roni better but it's you
know hard to keep secret from you we're
already somewhere Canada's project I
know some of you know what Aurora you're
working in this project I'm kind of
making tries for it it's like a cool
sort of new series thing I wanted to do
Oh job losses just gonna be losers
you're gonna quit well then at least I'm
starting it you quit it but now I think
I really want to do I think it'd be a
lot of fun it's just um it's kind of
like a kids kind of show thing you know
I don't know if I'm crazy toys sometimes
my mind works like improv comedy I'm
really good at improv comedy I mix up up
in the spot all the time and the music
stuff I was doing was fun but I felt
like it was limiting in certain ways
that I wanted to explore creativity :
fun shift um I wanted to explore
creative lady and I find out it's not
limited because it's kind of hard to I
wanted to get on how to get people
involved as a first like I want to be
able to film myself and it's like I need
to create like characters and stuff to
be able to do I don't want to say too
much about because there's a lot of work
involved in doing it it's gonna be on
the other Johnson Jolie town joke jokes
or whatever I should change the name and
I challenge jokey jokes Karen I'm just
changing channel names willy-nilly um
yeah
beeping beeping who's the creeper hmm
he's a paper or keeper so I am yeah I'll
call it improv comedy with puppets
that's it that's all I'm saying that's
all I want
you are you stealing everything I'm
sorry Jenna reach a Norton did she get
in one of the pictures a little hand
things
oh no maybe not okay my oh that's the
ends well that's the end of Anna's
blogging hmm look at it oh my god so I
was sitting here yesterday right sitting
here minding my own affair and this
little head pops up and she started
giggling to herself telling you Ned hey
lads let's listen to me isn't him a bad
picture like popped up like that she
just kind of lives herself up and she
like finds it hysterical that she just
did it she starts laughing okay
is he every little finger in your eye
bleep aah
the official way to do it you need to do
to spread that movement yeah okay my
third cup um Potomac is round in her ear
a little because round in our eye one is
she doing do chickpeas have a crazy
effect on you it's my weakness my
general fingers she put it in a mat like
that yeah a billion dollars never very
special child this is a new trick that
we miss look at her she's just
discovered she can do this you're
getting good at standing one hand huh
I'm trying to look it's in there okay
you are little bit crazy it's been a
couple of days
can you hear not look look what what
happened
what is it open what are you doing
friend what he done that actually moves
can you listen no way can you listen do
it
next up on the strongman competition is
a meteor trauma Sheena and maybe is
going to attempt to lift 12 kilograms do
it do it huh what do you think it's a
moving we definitely need to get you
some sort of a thing to push her in
heads you're so strong
I saw strong Oh little lady word hello
little lady word like it's a little a
keyboard or ladybug as it's also known
as and referred to all that this is in
your screen mm-hmm hi guys ladybug see
you later friend why are we waiting
we are suffocating oh why are we waiting
miss radio that's another one why are we
waiting we mix with come all ye faithful
it seems to work out come on Evie for we
are suffocating oh why are we mm-hmm oh
hi there seventeen million hours later
geez oh come save every one of us then
ten tintin tintin tintin flash you
putting your 20 seconds to save the
world
hahahaha flash cord and bring me his
hair denton tintin tintin oh goodness me
hmm she's like a card in stone hey
Boston oh you gotta cook go get it get a
friend oh don't you believe in the power
the power yeah you believed in the power
I'll see you down beside all right
just wonder does it move too fast here
you can Marcia I just think she's
nervous yeah like soaked window you're
gonna you're funny actually did Amelia
into that so John this one here duck
it's gonna carve look let's get a sound
it's got a so BAM it's got look it's got
low profile tires I mean she and boy I
think yes she wants the baby not to
think like she's right for kid you
straight in straight in straight for the
food huh straight in straight for the
food
nayeon for the water anyway look we
decided to get this one I open it up
though glue and instructions
Oh bad start glue and instructions Oh
see you later friend she's getting some
more look get the first wheels on at the
first side of it put off I need to build
the back side and this is nothing isn't
it so cute
Hey look you can actually am I pretty
tighten it too much you can tighten the
bolts here because that's what I wanted
to make sure that the other one I felt
that would give you touch it it kind of
flew along but this thing actually
because I'm worried that you might fall
but this thing she look it doesn't
actually go down fast because you can
tighten this you can kind of control and
actually gets more comfortable walking I
can sort of late loosen the tension on
the wheels
so I dream is what is why our
friendliest friend what up hey what hey
hope you're not gonna believe what I
have dance - video are you ready for
this what's this what's this what's that
what's that
hmm what's that you'll see what that is
yeah we're going down she's using her
sport sport I'm going downtown Oh got a
handful of potatoes another handful of
potato spoonful of yogurt that's that's
the way to go I've got this am I got an
E major we're guys to get on an eBay
auction and it's like taking down there
like it's between me and murdered I'm
trying to get out a grill for the corner
to Maserati it's like hey it's like em
it's a GT broke down the friend of mine
has like the chrome bars but I wanted to
swap that out for the mesh you know and
there's a guy husband in Texas and this
other guy and I'm like two of us like
you know you have to just keep checking
Aquatica necklace but hopefully I win it
it's nearly over cross it'll be epic
because it's like the mesh instead of
the grill let make any sense it's
awesome it'll be a possum
if I win if I don't win I'm selling I'll
be
Yomi is no guilt no victory whipped up
dude I did the time oh no you're all
gonna holding him back baby
hey me me me negative the little Katie
bear oh it's like that's what happens
oh my god I'm a judge the media was
pushing the dial be so cute brushing
your broom okay little Saira phone is it
that's her thing in here sorry come in
Katina that's not nervous but that's not
right that's not do it immediately ANCA
yeah can I sit my turn next please
yeah see unfortunately you may actually
be over the weight restriction oh ho she
needs you're not fat you're just you do
like a little time stay there all day I
know it's like it's like they're
everywhere anytime you got something new
put out Venus yeah you can do Beast
she's what she's jealous now oh you know
he's so cute
hi hi hi guys
hi okay we don't need this alright hold
on ready oh my goodness huh
take a step T oh this would be a lot
easier without your involvement yeah
deal are you thinking oh my god
she took steps she stopped steps there
is damage step inches oh she's going
down she's confused
there's video evidence so many did leave
a comment I think she took a step they
think you took a step friend here you
can have your reward that's all she'll
actually after you go did friends
Oh Melia where are you where are you I'm
gonna get Jack I'm gonna get you oh
she's got quickness in her Lud's what
got me go for it go for it go go go go
go go Oh fresh friendliest friend
what are you friendliest friends say
goodnight to our friendliest friend Joe
Haskell
let's go hope you guys enjoy today's
show I hope you guys will hit the like
button maybe they'll come back tomorrow
what do you think we wait here for them
alright friend
alright friend let's say goodnight to
our friendliest friends see you night -
yes ma'am door open that your secrets in
there amia me understand
don't worry let's put it back don't
reveal the secret plan Linea dr. moonda
sleeping platen goodnight and see you
tomorrow
cheerio I will leave you in the capable
hands of Amelia's hero any bubble and
you buddy it didn't oh well I was a bit
cheeky of you Oh get in her here fine
Oh suck goodnight hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
