I don't think I'm supposed to go true
what does that sign mean I can't I don't
speak English not speak English me not
speak English nice
so it's breakfast time and love here's a
medius breakfast isn't it so cute I put
it on her little Gretchen sorry I won't
need 1/4 German so I don't really know
but my mom got it for her because my mom
is half German and she always had them
when she was little and then she thought
them for us when we were little
it's just I think you're supposed to put
like your toast and your little
breakfast when you're a child didn't and
very little German child I don't know
maybe other countries having to but she
called it a Brechin so I don't know um
so she got one Ferb maybe yeah it's
really cute she's got her blueberries in
her banana and her porridge in her water
you gonna have your brekkie now boys are
flip-flop randomly on the couch
you guys ever see that movie batteries
not included
I'm always cover up a deal eighties
movies if you haven't seen it right I
know it's like an old an old-timer movie
right
you should totally watch it it's really
have you ever seen out of batteries not
included with their little alien robots
that go into the house and then like the
bad guys are trying to knock down this
old cafe our apartment walkers on Maya
then he's the robots come round yeah I'm
sorry I thought you were well yeah it's
a really good movie I totally recommend
and don't even know if it's an epic you
may actually have to buy a VHS player to
watch it or even Betamax all the time
you won't know any of this stuff huh
you'll just dream at your TV you
probably like streaming at on your
Google brain glass far beyond funny no
Oh Finding Nemo oh you like the old
classics deal like what do classics as
Fantasia not Finding Nemo you Fantasia's
good whoa attack what Alan is that so
I'm trying to see if Amelia will let me
do my hair I just need to do my hair
before I I wanted to do a video with her
her ten month update so I'm gonna see if
she stays quiet for a while while I do
my hair fingers crossed she does I gave
her all my nail polishes it's sort of
funny so I broke out the flip-flops
again we live in I'm not willing to let
summer go look at this this is my dogs
on board my Z's right it's good but no
like you because I need to start at
Anna's car and it's gone for her first
time driving lesson today
I need to make sure her car works this
is probably gonna be my next endeavor
this is the ECU I'm probably gonna get
this thing you can get new you can get
them shipped and remapped but you can
actually order like em a brand new we
mapped one which I'll probably give me
like they're talking maybe like 50 60
extra break ease so uh that might be fun
we map the car gets a nitro put in there
I'd never put knobs in the car but um
I'm like you dad though because that
would be like blend okay and then maybe
I'm swap out the intakes for some Kanan
and takes a couple other things on the
horizon I'm gonna do see my girlfriend
here so we just filmed for the style
diet for Amelia's ten month update I am
surrounded by boughs and a huge mess oh
my god and I'm so out of breath as well
okay so I need to kind of get organized
because we need to go out she's kind of
missing her nap time which sucks I
actually should feed her as well oh my
god I have so much to do okay hold on I
need to get organized guys because this
is not good hello up there
hello up there yeah we could laugh away
what's that do that here is that do that
here all would you say the ultimate
breakup song is you know the song we've
just broken up or you've just been
dumped or whatever and you're sitting in
your bedroom and you're like reading old
texts or looking at pictures of my mind
you know like you just want to be in the
depth of depression make yourself a
depression this is the song to turn on
see
but that song like oh my goodness how am
I remember when that commit like Oh
why'd it go cuz I I've had a few
breakups in secular yeah I'm had if you
break up so we're just sitting there
like well obviously they didn't dump me
clearly I'm like whatever cops we owned
a Bali CD for lunch today because they
have a new restaurant it was close last
time when we missed it
someday we're gonna go to that it's like
it Drive true alright not a tribe true
cinema yeah you just collect the movie
and go on alright got a movie please and
a Big Mac yeah oh come on come on
fingers crossed nuts come on baby spot
there's two baby spots oh I don't think
I'm supposed to go true what does that
sign mean I don't speak English not
speak English me no speak English nice
mmm summer sale my favorite kind of sale
well I like winter sales too and spring
sales and autumn sales and fall sales
watch any kind of sale basics of
Japanese look three plates left bakers
stone
based on having a big everything else
going under stones in your food it does
look nice
excited moving on moving on with today
we're moving on or you want to Brick
Break alpha break your fast know as I
use nothing
hi y'all won't break your past look
whiskey cake I like that wakey wakey
time for cakey I just spend the best one
for immediate self oiled a soldier and
soldiers I think it's like you know when
you were little and your mom would make
you know boiled eggs no and then she
slice up the toast like little soldiers
so someone gonna get for her full rank
ready soldiers I don't know
no doesn't really matter be tuned are
they attached to no company he's in
charge here and then I'm going to get
either the warm salad of egg avocado
parent featured of the protein water
creating a baked chicken ah yep and
they're warm salad and we're here little
eggs and soldiers
look at this contain yourselves so good
oh my god we'll just get all this and
said if you got the wooden spoon friend
anyone asks who table number 10 a wooden
spoon number 10 huh I mean yeah when I
was younger I used to be beaten with one
of these wooden spoons now to you it's a
play toy hmm can you think of that
reason about where we came on at about
this video is that we went to pigs back
which is like close enough to the house
and she was still asleep
Oh get your little soldiers and she's
still asleep so he decided to prolong
her now by driving all the way out here
huh look at this no soldiers
okay okay May don't beat it my salad
looks so good oh do you just drop the
bread I gave you on to me
I'm not gonna hurt you so cute but this
is there she is such a good college was
here at later like that
I'm going it's a huge improvement from
life
let's she's eating my bread my bro
yeah my friend has butter and I think
parsley and Parmesan exactly a good
start for Anna
you know when cobwebs are growing
between your bumper of your car and your
wheel you know you haven't driven for
quite some time cycle cobwebs do inside
the wheel here mommy mobile I think I'm
gonna I'm gonna say I think we're just
gonna try and blitz it but it's Greek
you know just like you know do 2 or 3
times a week you know obsessively make
it become the only well you know what
you know it's fine me saying all these
things but it's not really up to me at
all it's up to Anna you know and it's
kind of a you know I think it's it's
hard you know if you don't have a fear
of something for example fundal and
rides not happening not getting
rollercoasters bungee line right anytime
I go and you don't understand my shoes
fall off and scary terrifying anything
to go wrong well Anna doesn't understand
that and she hops on those rides
willy-nilly like go faster and I'm like
if you spin my teacup alright the wall
says you're like Joey the spirit
in my Walther like anyway so I tracking
that's how Anna feels about driving for
me I'm like I can drive been driving for
like how old on 33 years old I got my
driving license when I was 17 that's a
long time I've been driving to me it's
like I don't even have to pay attention
when I'm driving you should always pay
attention to drive you don't I mean it's
like second nature
I don't even don't even think about it
my brain goes that I just changed gear I
leave it I didn't even know I changed
gear anyway so friend it's really up to
her to uh you know to conquer her fear
and it's quite scary you know and I
really hope she doesn't for herself you
know I think were really cool that she
knows so many times she's like all I
wanted to do this but it just want to
ask me to bring her somewhere because
you know you feel that way you know and
then she's an end up doing her first
half like she's just gone or you know
done it in this way if she tends to
drive you know then she'd be able to be
willing nearly she'd be able to spend
all our money faster I didn't really
think of that maybe I should put a stop
to this so Jonathan has gone don't freak
out your fan is always so nervous
Johnson's gone to pump up the front two
tires in my cart because they are flat
101 of them splat and one of them just
low cuz I think they both have slow
punctures because they never get driven
anywhere they're just sitting out there
actually you would think driving would
make them go down more but I'm so tired
I do not first of all I'm tired in
general like I do feel if you don't
already tired anyway lately and I
thought I would I thought like for sure
that I would be able to get it and not
have to perform my driving lesson and
usually I would have except we went out
and then we get back until like
so I won't have time because I have to
mind
Amelia as Johnathan's because we just
realized that I'm at my car and that
would have been embarrassing if like the
driving instructor had come and my tires
were flat you're like oh oh you can call
me here at the paper texting and being
like hey can we change it to like never
o clock alright hello now five five once
I put in neutral
I forgot all the time okay five five one
seven eight seven five five one seven
eight seven did we win
are we winners code accepted we got in
as we cracked the code
keep going keep going stop boom
we are cro code crack always like it's
one of these electronic windows all
right let's meet some quitters sorry CD
15 minutes friend
are you ready no this is it you'd always
be able to look back in this moment and
remember today we taught driving and
scary so I'm just back from my lesson
and I am like drenched in sweat like if
you felt my back word actually be able
to see ya but I'm so sweaty
he was really nice though he was like
you did really well you deserve like you
know you should be kind of happier for
yourself because you did really well and
you're he said the steering was really
good because most people do the like
crossing over of the hands and you're
not supposed to do that we just did
first gear second gear he taught me all
about the kind of like reasons behind
why you change again why you do certain
things because that's kind of what was
getting to me like I wanted to get it
straight in my head what that certain
things meant and what they were for and
what you do certain things so I know we
did like taking turns and just going
around
let me just did the circuit that John
and had John with me so next time I
think we're doing reversing stopping and
starting in traffic kind of not real
traffic and then third gear okay and
then I think we move on to a housing
estate right now we're just doing it
private like car park thing ah but it
was a it was not okay even it was good
it was positive I like my instructor
he's really nice and calm I just need to
like not stress so much
it's conundrum a lot guys it's like five
past seven there is there is peace in
the house and it's so nice and peaceful
okay seriously did you did you actually
do that did you wait okay the watch
business yeah it's fast asleep we also
get a little bit of it a midday snooze
well the late day's news 25 degrees
toasty it's toasty there she's fast
asleep
Teva Roosevelt okay Theodore Roosevelt
what kind of a president were you huh
you're the leader of the free world or
something go act like it I'm worried we
don't wake her up
then what we're gonna pay for it we're
gonna pay for it anyway if you wake her
up then you know leave comments I'll
read the comments tomorrow down on the
side what the deal do you think a nice
way Grove what it's gonna be a nightmare
later
oh really were until 8:00 then we have
to keep her awake down for about four
hours which is Midler's sorrento times
and without we head down Tasso buff
Alito score
hello fuzzy buzz head it's your
push her with your fuzzy boys have to
look like a little chicken kisses you
ready to come down okay friends say good
morning again friendly is friend
friendly is daily friends having a
little munch having a little munch
having a couple of cheesy puffs having a
little munch sometimes they drop on the
floor and the dog he gets lucky duck
happen sometimes a vanilla for munch a
vanilla for lunch a vanilla a munch girl
crunch crunch crunch crunch crunch he
doing he's just watching them all up
friend hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
ah
