that's what it cost me is that what it
cost me oh my goodness I just kept
rowing choices like she get bored
sometimes I told more toys in the floor
each time but her eyes no no was it it
wasn't enough
is this now close this now good morning
doc good morning doggy friends cousin
the people that died okay let's just get
this ready for this who's that thank you
babe
is that your babe what did I just see
she blatantly just fed a piece of Apple
to the dogs
when are you doing dad always opens all
the windows even though he's not the one
new year he's in his room which is it
has open windows too which is fine but I
don't care at that but he always opens
up all the windows here bum bum bum bum
feels like it's gonna be lazy Saturday
you know and you just know you know he
just feeling a bones and your bones are
saying no my body is saying yeah but my
bones my bones are saying no
ah don't mind the hum oh I feel like
it's gonna be a lazy day and then I know
I'll paddle shifting her vlogging does
not work I got a list - don't ask oh
we're gonna make some homemade food I
think it takes about a week after you
get home from holidays to like settle
back in you know you should always
adjust you know if you're gonna make a
two week holidays plan three weeks
because grunting a week when you get
home to readjust back into the daily
grind he routines up you know that's
what I'm fighting it anyway I just
caught her like licking and sucking on
the bowl I'm just trying to get what are
you doing you're so cute
are you wearing your Canada babe from
your friends in Canada so hilarious she
loved it so much she was like I could
hear like and there's like no moisture
in there anymore
those are good balls by the way their
tummy - yeah just get the girl for now
any second gonna drop it yeah is it
almost playtime we gonna play we're
gonna play
you're gonna play usually this is when
she finishes her breakfast and then I
let her play while I clean up and it
looks like it's gonna be a poopy day I
thought it was gonna be nice and sunny
and then it just changed so that sucks
you can see in oh look we can see it to
a forbidden area
an area looking guys no Coco forbidden
area ah area Suzie oh it's tight it's
tight like I'll give it that the air
sound always good but I do not like him
starting in a car park although I give
you because I saw it to you forbidden
area oh that okay that I'm gonna scratch
everything not done yeah we made it
poop 7 her Trading Spaces you gonna help
me with the girlfriend cuz we have to do
that now
I also found a list of life goal that I
had written when I was let's see it was
June 2009 so we were living in London
and I was how old was I 21 yeah 21 I
think um yes and we hadn't even gotten
Alby yet and oh my god some of the goals
like it's actually really cool it just
proves that you should actually write
out like goals no matter how crazy they
might seem um every year you should do
it and just like look back on I'm gonna
save this media actually friends in a
book who was inside one of the books
that she took it so it's purely by
chance goals I want to achieve in my
life and guess what one of them was own
a black VW Beetle weird but like I
I mean it's sitting outside it's not
even being driven at the moment but at
least I own it so that was kinda cut and
loads of things in there I had
accomplished there's still some like
there's some own a Prada handbag own a
Chanel black handbag my mission shall I
choose accept it
Oh fart pasta different King toilet
bleach and Norma bleach like I was a
design for a toilet is it like
specially-trained is it given pictures
of toilets when I was younger so would
grow up and attack the toilet the toilet
page is that different in fact
I don't think he's here
Oh cats mm-hmm better potentially I
would buy that just because it's
cool-looking mmm cubism nice I'm going
to guess on a once the pink one big park
doctor what you said boom I hear baby
crying don't your friends Oh where's
teenies ricotta cheese
I'll keep
we're caught it sweet and milky at a
hint in heaven my god
she's cakes I'm sorry we have it at
Cheesecake dinner
mmm what does he look like organic
facili yeah he's letting me here a while
let's try something button here I'm
going to test it this facial spritz okay
okay hold on oh nice
you want some close your eyes oh I know
what do you think do you like it
the trick is my mother-in-law taught me
that um it didn't reduce out all this
the trick is to blow in their face and
then they'll close their eyes and then
you spray it for anything if you want
them to close their eyes
just get a haircut by the way BTW did
you notice she baddest I only got like a
tiny - a little bit off but anyway let's
enjoy the song get most overplayed song
in the world as I'm walking they saw the
camera they're open I was like it's
recording something's about to happen
pace yourself and I was like oh my god I
got a haircut baby oh yeah looks good
actually I started leave it on the top I
said I'm really belong on the top that I
can't board easy oh yeah so we got
onesies all the way up to Z's trees and
leaves these another two happens you're
believer for a tree I might only want
you know that song and the world keeps
turning around sitting in love every
time I sing that right he loved and when
you close your eyes oh you man are we
dancers that that always happens to me
I go from that song to that song every
time the chorus kicks in
or forever he will do that nettle I
brought that to your attention what do
you think of that
Wade look at yourself look just right I
hooked up I tried something new for
lunch because we're making like a pasta
dinner later so I got this thing it's
like this you got lemon and black pepper
pasta looks good and then we're gonna
have a midday matinee would you want to
watch friend huh you pick what you want
to watch you you rue to Netflix
terrifying or something and then the
ankle and decide if you watch it or not
it's never baby in that right Bianca
Navy get up Yankee Navy you and Oh Jean
I thought your little jeans a little
Jean girl don't don't break the
television looks pretty good all right
so mom has gone up to bed because she is
a tired teddy bear and Amelia what movie
have you picked boo Act of Valor Navy
SEALs rescuing CIA agents good choice
friend I approve all right who's here
who's in on the gang do you want to sit
in your thingy meow well I seen your
thing and I'll give you like some crisps
or something some tasty not a food
thumbs up for tasting I deferred oh I
just did it she's boobs she's she's
posed like you suppose you'll add cheese
/ Cartman likes cheesy puffs I rapped
his cool a cadet she's hi guys empty
empty alright let's get into this
educational daddy-daughter movie oh look
at this this is what I was trying to
watch that's what it cost me is that
what it cost me oh my goodness I just
kept rowing choice like she get bored
sometimes I throw more toys in the floor
each time but it wasn't enough was it
it wasn't enough huh mommies does sleep
mommy says if I found this in her hand a
minute ago that's not for you
no Cucina you want it again no ya little
fecker huh
my friend Leah's friend so I forgive you
I suppose yeah don't take out these paw
row shake and shake and shake hand hey
chicken
Hey don't hit the dolly order two
doggies there look this is underneath
little T door there as well even realize
that only mmm-hmm yeah what are we gonna
do with you huh see his mom is still
asleep for watching all the movies that
mom hates oh yeah can you guess
can you guess the movie woo first movie
army second movie Cars hmm
what are they mixing cars fast and war
or something I don't know I don't know
do you know so this is the aftermath I
took a nap because I was feeling so
tired like I can't even explain I just
thought I was gonna die and then I woke
up craving chocolate like I just wanted
to eat the house like I wanted because I
think it's cuz we have so much chocolate
in the house right now which is weird
for me because I don't even really like
chocolate that much normally but right
now I'm like craving it like something
crazy
so um Jonathan was like cam down you
don't want it cuz I was gonna I was
gonna eat like every single piece of
he's like you're just gonna feel really
guilty after if you do so he was like
just yeah a little bit of chocolate and
a cup of coffee
you'll be okay so my mom had bought me
watch she she bought both of us um
Lindt chocolate like ages ago which had
been had lasted so long because I'm not
a big chocolate er while I ate my one my
limp bar they're like the big 300 gram
bars and lint is like the best chocolate
ever oh my god it's so good even like
thinking about it right now but I'm full
I had my figs but um she gave me like
the 300 gram white chocolate bar and
that was finished long like long time
ago and then she got Jonathan the milk
chocolate bar and he isn't a fan of
Lindt chocolate which isn't but I am so
I had laid
eight big chunks like they're really big
massive chunks by like eight squares of
it and with the coffee and now I'm like
I got my fix
Jonathan was right I was like okay I'm
alright now
now I feel like I have bit more energy
surprising me enough cuz I'm brought on
some big sugar high but anyways like
decided I would tackle the laundry
alright movies are done
time to make some dinners when I'm
making for fell econ Chipola panna
cotta II ricotta this what is looked at
that did there apparently he thinks is
really easy let's have a look fine Melia
let me just throw that there just for
fun just in case you spot it Sun God
window I didn't know it's like oh she's
looking up with her okay I am in charge
he does that I mean is having for dinner
hey you go mmm-hmm why is he got it
little Becker so I'm making the sauce
and is making the pasta washed em hey
they should just rename these two Dicky
bow pass that look Dicky boo can I have
a Dicky bow please join the how sharp
that is that's how sharp that is holy
crap I just like I actually just like
push it like it was like no mark I just
tipped it my whole finger near he came
off Nats Amelia or you don't play with
these things it's like that movie and
everyone told me name but but I can't
remember it now the thing we're all the
electronic devices come alive have you
ever seen blood look
daddy chopped his finger off bitch off
my finger Oh lick it lick it lick it
God make it like it here naked look F is
that do you not have ones with like
mechanics or cars or something oh geez
oh I got all crap I'm dripping blood
everywhere oh geez mmm don't lick up my
blood oh well it's extremely painful
just so you know don't be don't be
fooled by my happiness I'm still cut to
think it's like pumping now he always
makes it better look she's trying to
strain yourself to see hmm
I'll be always close when you hurt
yourself to make it better
don't bite it don't bite it that is the
one trick fellas fellas and friends
seriously look at this thing it's blue
oh it's dry now it's dry now it's not
gonna stick if it's wet like rubbed it
essentially yeah thanks thanks I like I
like depressing of the wound thanks that
is worried everyone's worried you'll get
much in your PJs those veteran PJs
anyway if you could use this instead of
stage the chart and I forgot this age
all right let's try the onion again and
one of the top thumbs up the video for
my tongue um making onions very
emotional experience oh my god oh yeah I
noticed some people's I need you get
affected by this - is it just me I want
all right I can't even see anymore I
can't even see anymore
are you see for human is empty
oh all the onions in the world and
everything else okay let's put the punch
yet in got the oil the time stuff
whatever shut up and shut it in there
I'm going in oh so much onion oh my
goodness unless they I cook this up
adding the Cheesecake into the onion
onion cheesecake mmm I'm good mixing in
the pecorino with the pasta with the
onion sauce and stuff like that
combining it all together
so look hello it's his stupid sweet
stuff right he hates it mm-hmm sets it
off wait brick oh come on
yeah and then she hands it back to me to
put more stuff on it hmm he's so cute is
that doesn't that sound like I know
she's gotten really good at eating like
she just she does that up breakfast too
with her porridge
it's really good to teach like no she's
pretty much reading herself yeah oh no
she wants more where do you think you're
off to where do you think you're off to
what do you think you're off to what do
you think you're out there huh we're
gonna get down Oh
well scary down there friend scary just
scary place let me check in the back
mm-hmm it's a slow time it's this wrong
time oh it's a slow time slow down like
the last time I got my funny tongue so
much money Tom have a funny tongue I was
up with my bunny tongue huh what's up
with it thank you buddy
he's eat a cupcake Tom whoa-oh you
standing up that's new you're getting so
good at the standing up thing oh oh he
guarded it all the old man sit down
trick oh he's so funny
uh-oh no no closed closed for business
not available in the shops it's like
Dell not available in shops hello hello
Nia are you going
where you going cheerio hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
