right for you draw like one yeah they're
gone - and when do I get this frizzes
like how many dogs yeah
look we wait them to catch why don't you
want to catch Bianca you get for the
catch the guy cute this is every morning
I come down me you should set up like
the coffee's and a partridge down the
milk and you can less coffee part I'm
out but now look look I just poured
Amelia's when it's negative me Lea's one
Anna's one in Milan really is the same
one the Apple raisin cinnamon
who wants organic one iq2 sad huh cuz on
his mug mine's in the micro bigger
business I'm a or immediate my kitty I'm
in love she gets the want to college huh
is all well Glen is key that's the front
of issue spanner you're the stairs
situation I'm just gonna stand here
everything will be fine
who loves Ducklin he loved upland she's
excused though crazy hair and everything
and no makeup face but um I was just up
here and I suddenly the monitor that
baby monitor started like making all
these weird noises and there was like a
tune playing like a mobile or something
or a music box but it wasn't Amelia's
because her Mobile's taken down now and
plus she wasn't even in her bed and it
was like registering a heart like a you
know cuz it's not a heartbeat but it's
like the metronome thing goes like ticks
for a baby that's breathing in there he
was doing that and I could hear like
another baby and I could hear the mobile
plane and this was picking up this heart
beat or whatever so now when I turn it
on cuz I turned it off because it's
freaking me out but now it won't even
like turn on how creepy is that though I
actually heard another baby it was like
picking imagine you walked in there was
another baby and you're in your baby's
bed they'll be so creepy oh I'm trying
to solve that's freaking me out
wah wah wah bah buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh
hey so guys here thanks if rahein thanks
so much for everyone that was reporting
those that Instagram people are
pertaining to me Amelia because I was
looking for like water water marking the
pictures and I was thinking like I was
like okay I have two options
and had to deal with people stealing I'm
pretending to be mean on Instagram
option a was to become as famous as the
Kardashians that way everyone will know
who Amelia was and only be able to see
their pictures tend to be her or be
spend two euros on an app that would
watermark my Instagram pictures I think
I was going to go on option two until I
went and checked off after I tweeted
about it and everyone got them all shut
down or all the pictures weren't deleted
off the accounts anyway so you guys are
like what up you got our back huh don't
mess with friendliest friends thing - I
saw most people the comments were saying
about am the PIO box you're like oh
what's the deal box address himself and
I was like but isn't it everywhere I
apologize because I went and look and
it's nowhere it used to be on my
Facebook and he used to be on the
description of the channel in YouTube
but then I changed the banners on
Facebook like months ago and I had
changed them well I didn't change what
YouTube had changed the whole setup of
the thing and also as I going ah okay
did not realize that we were hiding the
peel box address so if you go to the
YouTube channel it's unlike the About
section of the channel I think I put it
in there didn't I know it's really
awkward because I think it says like
videos and about or playlists or
something like that but it it is there
put it in the description in this video
the reason I don't want to put in the
description of videos because if we ever
change the peel Box address there's like
a thousands of videos in this channel so
I'd have to go back and change small
manually and that would not be a fun
time I wouldn't wouldn't be a fun time
at all so
scusi scusi anyway I'm heading out to
them get some more stuff done on the car
huh he's a car crazy man I am you
accompany zoom in or a car crazy whoa
man whoa man whoa man there's that
living next minute thing so I just
wanted to say thank you so much to the
girl that sent we got these things
called it's called Boone it's messy now
because she just used it but we got this
and a little fork version as well
there's the four here's the fork one um
and this looks dirty she didn't even
realize this is so dirty to be from
coffee or something anyways I need to
clean up um but yes this came in the
last peel box um kind of delivery that
we had and I can't remember now exactly
the name of the person or people I'm not
sure and has some people send them as a
family or as two friends together by
can't remember the name but thank you so
much because these are amazing let me
just show you guys if you're interested
they Bend like this and back and like
every which way and then they can just
snap back into the normal position but
um they're just so handy she loves them
they fit perfectly into her mouth of all
the weaning spoons that I've used that's
definitely our favorite so thank you for
that and if you're curious it's called
spoon really good it's awesome
it's so good
back under here
next thing wanted to get is felis
riffing where you see the back wheels
are bigger than the actual front wheels
it's like to deal some sports guys means
what corners better it's at the front in
the back wheels like different sizes so
it's really really hard to get somebody
to get them importers of my ass oh gosh
okay she's standing on her trip trap
that's new she literally did that in
like two seconds
she's a pro she's a pro she knows not to
go crashing down or fall back good girl
good girl Amenia you're a pro you're a
real pro hi hi Baba what's doing hello
hello Baba
hmm hi B and guy you're my mother baby
okay yes you are a good girl and good
good there's a good group can do it
again hi yeah I'm just talking to my
other baby
her name is Bianca Oh wheels did you put
on a car I'm like I'll sing to get in
the car wrapped as well in like a matte
wrap Google if you know what I'm talking
about and it looks really cool it's like
a matte gray black color like it is like
black black rims on it with like the red
calipers that are already on it or just
go to additional white allies or have
like others
I'm not white but silver we're gonna
take a wheel off ceiling look what you
began man you do this it's everyone's
favorite mechanic I found that
everyone's even comments going I'm so
hot I love his accent he's a he's
bringing out a calendar next month so
we're getting dressed for this day
it's almost nap time so we're gonna get
dressed and then I think I'm gonna feed
her and put her down for a little nap
hopefully she goes down okay whoo she
let me clean um actually that was quite
good I think we might start doing that
instead she let me vacuum she's just
kind of playing around me and usually I
would wait to vacuum one till she was
three and um whoops
careful are you okay that was a bit
scary she lost her pounds she's quite
good at getting back down though they're
your stars we need to put them off I
yeah before I would vacuum when she was
asleep or the problem with that is that
you know sometimes her nap wouldn't last
that long and then I had to film and
like edit and do all that stuff as well
so I was always trying to like
prioritize between like doing chores
that I need to get done every day and
then also like work stuff but now that I
have all of the well most of the
cleanings don't matter the way I can
actually um I can actually do all my
filming and all that kind of thing when
she's asleep um plus makes you my hair
it's Kousaka nail those calipers is so
gorgeous I don't want them hiding away
even with that alloy it looks a lot
better but I wouldn't go with that but
I'm just saying even even compared to
the stock ones do we must have this on
the back say that solid yeah like some
ways older solid you just have the five
holes
that thing there was a fear I tell but I
wouldn't done this you did
scrub that clean so cool
that is pretty cool I can look at the
calorie burn or to it what are you
thinking that pose
yeah it's savage he goes flush with like
the vents ha see the bends he looks he
runs through art that looks so cool okay
okay so many eyes up from her nap really
long nap huh he's quite thirsty and we
had some friends over for a while so
it's like really late and we haven't had
lunch yet um but that's actually okay
because we didn't um shouldn't get off
for ages went drink please what we were
thirsty thirsty girl she was playing
with her friend she got a whole plate of
cherry tomatoes and then she got tuna
sandwich and same with mommy and she's
doing so good I had the other half there
wrapped up just in case because I don't
want to give her like way too much and
then have it all end up on the floor and
the dogs tummies so we're gonna wait and
see cuz I think half of that which is
probably enough for her but um good
thing she's wearing that babes that
collects everything so I can just keep
scooping stuff out hello dishwasher
friend
hello dishwasher friend it's so funny
when I was holding out her friend it
yeah earlier we got like stood up at me
so she was like no way what's face done
it to my not holding her just holding on
to my legs because I think she was
jealous cuz I had oh my god it's so
funny yeah she told me she climbed up me
and then it was like standing like
to be like Oh cuz like her little friend
our neighbor like her daughter is about
it was like too young in the media but
she's off but she's like she's quick
like physically she's like probably she
totally think yeah and she's like
standing himself like assisted standing
you know so they're getting close you're
gonna have so much fun together YouTube
playing on the green causing trouble do
knickknacks knickknacks here we come
here to Nick knack
I remember doing a knick-knack once and
it was the worst knick-knack ever
because when I ran the doorbell I ran
back I couldn't open the gate and then
the person open the door and I was like
oh hi oh sorry this is this is the wrong
house oh gee oh my god your comments of
your knick-knack experiences but you
should never do knickknacks in there
very bad okay yeah I should how annoyed
you feel now somebody did that oh my god
by the time I got there it'd be so easy
right I have to put away six dogs make
sure me is taken care of because I get
to the door they're gone anyway like one
yeah they're gone
and whether I get in frizzes like how
many dogs yeah what's wrong with ya my
lads I'm your driver with just six
images like they just kind of go you see
them like it's okay it's not worth it
just go haha
what's that happy he's it I'll be there
I'll be there
what's Selena Vega doing Oh cuz you're
not see no oh it's okay okay I knew
yeah yeah no I think he's getting over
norm isn't he trust you 100% cuz you're
our mommy
I was just wondering class time Oh what
are we doing friend we're taking this
apart it's time to take this apart cuz
you don't need it anymore cuz you're a
big girl now
I just I can't remember how I made it I
know is like you press buttons and the
whole thing comes apart but that's best
to take it away huh I think she's in a
trench yeah she's in a trance
it's easy look the eyes locked there you
go this is really not great lighting we
need to get blind but um we decided for
Friday night we would do Thai takeout
takeaway knock on Thai Ngoc ontology
um Emilia is just having plain noodles
and um little corn cakes
yes your question - yeah and then turn
left I know it's really awkward
Jonathan's having his green Thai curry
mm-hmm it looks like you have a weird
like line I think it's just the lighting
but looks like you have you know when
guys get like those razor thing like
shapes in their hair please look like
that one yeah like a look you'll see it
after when you ask your like friendliest
friend since it's free with it anyways
yummy OOP your pop yeah dirty little
slop Cup Joey pop all right that we
ababa
hello are you Bubba hey what a bit ue
bah bah I shall find it Alya bye-bye
daddy
okay hopefully we Baba what happened
what happened here hey you beat the
system you beat the system brand Alito's
people officially closed oh oh oh it's
got you again can I have them
thank you what are you doing why do you
do it
what do you up your friend
you're a little mischief maker aren't
you
Oh guess I'm the cheek chip on the head
gets on my foot what you doing what you
do you standing up in the bath you about
stand her up her give me this pleased to
meet you good sight to meet you oh my
goodness a little hot and it isn't a hat
or anything but like this just a kiss oh
my goodness you are Nikita's ever top of
the mornin to ya morning dear
oh come on in junior huh piggy dead hey
daddy silly he's a oh you want you on it
yeah oh my head
what are you doing can can I have it
oh you are my friendliest friend you
know that I love you you go peepees
outside going QP peas come on I'll be
good dogs go on little princesses I'll
be in newbies are the princesses of the
bunch
they're like the prissy little ones oh
and he Oh Pookie on the stairs there's
this big steam now I'm like of all the
places he could have puked all down here
is all either wood or tiles no keep you
on the one little piece of carpet he's
such a brat so he was going to a new
home not right you're not ready at all
you all
Oh God it's OB oh yeah
remind me why we got any dogs ah you
wanted dogs and then you for complete he
force me to keep I seem to recall you
telling me about a dream you had of
loads and loads of little white dogs a
lot of Dreams hey why you let him out
and he just barks and everything all the
dreams to come true why that one
I pledged other dreams I could have come
true sorry
there's something I don't understand
what's happening oh no it's gone
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
