careful oh my goodness you're just a
crazy baby you're just a crazy baby do
not fall off there don't
hello good morning again friendliest
friend watch papa
just pause arrive boom
all right let's talk about other stuff
but that rings indeed no Tesco online
delivery although we're a bit late
because we're one day behind we missed
the remix yesterday yeah yeah we missed
by one day but it's all member fourplus
again not for know what's in the middle
of it in Tesco mine came I couldn't just
leave her there
oh ok I'll be bringing the same color oh
oh
most huh almost almost matching room ok
we got open your curtains
first of all daddy has gone out to do
something a little cars a car stuff I
wanted to show you guys something that I
couldn't show you yesterday because oh
the audio was just weird cuz I was
whispering and it didn't work out
properly on camera but look what I did
yesterday
I hung oh crap the angel care hold on
that means baby has stopped breathing
that's not funny yeah okay so I hung
this yesterday and look there's
Jonathan's thumb prints did you wipe
those off but yeah honey yesterday I
think it looks really really cute I took
down the original one that was there
because no pictures worked like
Instagram pictures are too small for
this time Athena let's go down have
lights man have tasty Italian Sorrento
food this she can come to the quark
market and get some quark tasty food
look what we found here some Tomatoes
some avocado some cucumber and some
freshly baked bread it was like so super
sunny it's raining I pick up some
coffees work I always played even
forests because I always forget to come
back here on Thursdays
but I remember today cuz I was out and I
was like oh it's Thursday and look they
closed in like 20 minutes
oh hello there friendly is friend you
see the way the etiquette a friendliest
friend works it's like that there that's
a car friend hey my car friend that's
car friend
this is friend car friendliest friend
see how it works it's kind of like a
Berg quiet I don't know good that's how
I do it's kind of like like just like
when a medium eats dogs like painting
like a friendliest friend which is like
that's it that's how you work I made it
up I can make up the rules also of how
we use friendliest friend you know you
got like you can have like you just your
friend then you have your friendliest
friend
no I'm talking about you know talking
about friendliest friends
getting different these bins yeah that
that works
do you use friendlies friend see this is
this is friendliest friend coffee this
is not friend coffee don't be confused
don't be confused by the rocks that I
got I'm just joking from the block
Janell oh my goodness
yeah what the hell it was like Lenya
minute ago Nazis friendliest friends
yeah what'd you guys get up there okay
what's my lunch I'm ready for my lunch
look at this little thing vacuum the
floors were there
she likes Henry it's heavy heavy Hedley
Lamarr are you now sweeping the floor
are you
you guys feed the floor go on get to
work get to work
well that's that so we're having a bit
of a debate here but or not we should
get her a little amigo here a walker
it's like I tweeted that like everyone's
like totally got one but then you look
up like the baby sent her or any of
those things now like don't ever buy
Orden they're the satan's beasts you
know and then but everyone has one and
everyone says don't get one but then
everyone says do that one what do we do
friend you want one you think don't ya
that's a tricky one though you know
stupid parents were like letting their
child in there for like hours on end and
not even watching them right you know
but then and obviously we would never do
that but then at the same time she has
so much fun when I flying around a house
that's so much fun like flying around
she get lazy we already ordered them
this huge playpen thing it's being
shipped in I got it from under on the UK
or something that I bought it on eBay
it was just it's massive a big wooden
playpen it should fit this entire area
here so that's coming in probably on
like Monday or Tuesday
you know if next week and then when she
has that ditch okay
you gonna turn the TV yeah you can
little TV on friend oh she put herself
down no you see that she didn't just
fall over
yeah true I think maybe he's just moping
about herself
nature is better than nurture what do
you think friend I think she just likes
to roam around what do you think hey you
can take it back and run over a Peter
would you run over Bianca right it's
time to attack this they just look it's
like it's insane oh that's crazy and he
was because that heat wave like that son
was just so intense that it probably
made the grass grow quicker I don't know
I don't know look he's a tiger Oh Tiger
didn't fare well ah at the edges that
was all the stuff that I flopped over
there just kind of died off cuz I never
like edged my now I edged it properly
she's a cute look she has the pepper
fake stuff again in her hands
so let have to take what you have a big
this is so cute isn't it I actually put
in normally have it sort of at the
lowest setting actually moved it to the
to the highest setting don't worry
need some plugs I don't even like
touching them when you're unplugged can
we see that movie theme cheers to ac/dc
music where everything comes alive all
the like electronic device the car where
the truck was like the main vibe there
is like a truck but long Wars world
people and blenders were chasing it it
was like an 80s movie anyway that's why
that's why I never touched you things so
I just booked my first it took me so
long to like commit to getting a driving
instructor because I was so nervous
about the whole situation and then like
a friend of mine recommended me just
driving instructors that is so supposed
to be so good and so patient and so just
nice and like understanding and yeah I
finally I had his number for like months
and I was just like no I'm not gonna
because I knew that if I called him then
that was it like obviously I have to
start driving and I really don't want to
drive like I'm so scared my car is like
sitting out there probably rusting away
and I know some of you guys think I'm an
idiot for not driving and I know some of
you guys weren't giving me a hard time
for like giving up and everything but
the thing is everybody's different like
I know certain people are afraid of dogs
certain people are afraid of heights
certain people are afraid of spiders
certain people are afraid of like just
run traveling like there's so many
different types of people out there and
for me driving is my fear and I I don't
expect everybody to understand that but
it's just like that's how I am my dad
was a very nervous driver and I went to
school with him like every single day
for his
as I can remember almost every single
day and I think he just it's not I'm not
saying this anybody else's fault
but I just think that he instilled that
kind of nervousness in me yeah that's
definitely part of the reason I think
and I just I've honestly been taking
like months and months and months to a
call this driving and he knows because
he was probably I think he was told like
all that time ago that I was interested
but he's probably like why isn't she
like this person is never called and um
yeah we actually laughed about it today
cuz I was like he was like well that's
the first step you actually made the
call congratulations like yeah it took
me long enough but I just made my first
appointment so I was like shaking when I
was making it like I honestly was like
shaking and then I started sweating as
well like that's how nervous I am about
driving it's not even a joke good
morning again friend Leah's friend I
don't know coming up oh look at you make
it yeah huh look at you little stand her
up her little stand her up or we really
need to get rid of this now because
you're like here stand her up her friend
and you know what they say about stand
her up her friends okay okay we have not
made this banner we have actually made
this worse yeah don't mind me
don't mind me I'm an idiot your father's
an idiot but you already knew that
didn't you
that sounded like you and me Nia got
into the water guys I said Jonathan did
you remove the bowl she was like yeah
and then I was like it doesn't sound
like it he's like oh well she's not
gonna go into the water one the food was
empty so she spilt the water one all
/ which is fine there's only water but I
think I need to change our cuz we're
going to my well Jonathan whose idea was
it to move the staircase I can't get
through
Jonathan was like oh I think we should
move it - it was more freedom do you
think the point of this decade is okay
so I changed the outfit completely even
though it's like super late to be having
outfit changes and it means more laundry
per mom but I just figured what the heck
she never sees her oh my god this is her
great I need to get her a shelf too
because this keeps getting touched um
from there she needs a shelf like really
bad also for her books cuz she's got a
few books now but anyway it's like I
said uh yeah she's seeing her
great-great grand aunt yeah great-aunt
well that's crazy because she's my Grund
and so yeah she's her great granddad
weird anyways so she never gets to see
her so good so she also had a boat back
in Sorrento which is the exact same
color as what she's wearing right now
right
it was the watermelon one it was so cute
what are you doing did you get some toys
herself
it's my witch again
look we're back in a restaurant
get your little trip trap you got your
bread you get your pasta
pretty much practically Naples the open
is the past that is good filled to the
brim
hmm Mae fain Kiki Oh Nicky Ricky
Nick come on guys if you do like Erika
your friends yeah 100% sure the cat
branch care print brownie time huh how
friendly is friend is that brownie
friend good good break up get to the the
moisture the moistness is inside
everyone outside but XIT people's
outside she's coming
and then coming in the other way that
the game are you supposed to be are you
supposed to be in there
I don't think you are friend are you on
the monkey bars you look like going to
monkey bars
Amelia careful oh my goodness you're
just a crazy baby you're just a crazy
baby
do not fall off there don't hurt oh my
goodness she actually made it across the
whole thing
she went from one end to the X yeah oh
she's it pick yourself up and cry again
try again oh she's gone she's scared a
little obstacle course for his leg up
over to the other side make new visas
come to help you get your friend you got
your brand movies what I was being that
wasn't newbies no jeez don't eat it
though we'll get glitter in your mouth
hey okay thank you
good girl
bath has been run by daddy so the night
lights on
let's see I think we'll go with these
ones the first night that we got back I
put her in a vest because that's what
she'd been wearing on holiday cause it
was like 30 degrees there but here I
mean her room gets quite hot because
it's quite humid here now but I just
don't think there's any need for I just
think she needs more but at nighttime
when she throws her own covers off
sometimes it's just it's not enough for
her and she gets cold and then she won't
sleep through the night and for the last
two nights like or three nights or
whatever since we've been home she's not
done very well with that so trying to
get her to but hopefully because tonight
we're back quite late it's already like
yeah like 10:00 to 11:00 which I know
seems really late but like honestly she
was going to bed at midnight in three
until let's get you ready for your bath
time oh you have enough unmatched time
always brushed and then lovely deep /
next page thank you but as evening draws
in she cleans off her paws and get
yourself ready to head out of doors
dancing and prancing she meows all night
long
say night night night night everybody
sleep tight
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
