come our friends
good morning friend dear friend
good morning friendliest friend morning
friendly it's been good morning friend
best friend hey how are we doing today
no we doing today we enjoying Papouli's
she was like falling asleep and next
thing we turn on the camera and she
starts laughing
she stole flee that we're down to the
last spoonful when did you let yourself
and to do it yourself
she's been feeding herself this entire
time she's amazing and she ate like half
a banana in like two seconds it was
crazy
I chopped it all up for her and I left
it out and next thing I turned around
because she started going which usually
means that either she's hungry or
thirsty like she wants more of whatever
and so when we turn around it's gone I
was like oh so I gave her another excuse
me another half she eats about a whole
banana alongside her part or her
whatever cereal but she likes this
pirate she ate it all like oh my god you
and them but do you guys remember when
she was like 6 months and I was like she
won't eat any food I was getting so
upset over it and now look at her it's
crazy what are you doing huh come on
Amelia I want that dishwasher packed ok
pack the dishwasher yank is there to
help you look at you huh you know just a
benign house nowadays little mr. Hannah
and she loves a dishwasher which is
great have you have you seen to wash
machine the tumble dryer
Jill ah the vacuum cleaner boom we are
training a housekeeper
nice job we should have more kids
she was like I went through like a
cleaning phase when I was tree I just
wanted to clean it everything my mom
looked up what it is a lot no well if
you ever have a son or a boy we were
paying him to be a gardener so if you're
young age will give him like a lot more
and that's it like pushing your hedge
garden and a car washer Arnie you go for
a walk friends let's go walkies Oh oh
yeah she actually moved her from herself
I'm not doing that
well goodness I honestly did not sink
thing like I was sure that she'd be
walking after her birthday yeah I
honestly thought she would walk late no
no a chore
she seemed really into that there she's
mad at anything she sounds anytime you
see her for two seconds she was assigned
up which is great and all but we're not
ready for this I wasn't prepared
it's like any time we turn around for a
second run oh god where's she she's like
crawling up the stairs she's like
climbing over she's in here ten solid
foods gone she's actually up here
crawling along laughing away to herself
oh goodness
we need to reassess everything so we're
super late for my doctor's point
but and the rubrics well we were so hey
she kind of noticed
we're always a doctor's it's so bad and
like I'd like to rephrase that race now
people are always
anyways I just decided to go to the
doctor to get my blood pressure and all
that stuff just taking care of because I
don't you know what happened when we
were away and everything the people at
the hotel were like oh maybe it's better
if you go home when you go home you just
get here
blood pressure and your Bloods taken
just to see that everything is in order
so fingers crossed
everything's fine Oh God sorry are we
late sir
cork you forgot to tell me that you
built a new road okay so we're driving
over Wilton like what I don't know
all right operation one complete
operation - we're breaking rules here
look the alarms going off dogs dogs have
been scanned in the vehicle please
remove the dogs from vehicle JS update
update update we never sent anything up
to the doctor oh yeah
everything was brillo well well you
still have low blood pressure yeah
fortunate I would have talked though
this hot button blooded erratic crazy
Italian woman here would have high blood
pressure I lose my temper my mom you do
lose your temper quite a lot guess it's
better to have low than height yeah I
suppose yeah just means you're gonna
fall asleep yeah
yeah that's kind of weird but I mean I
guess I'm just gonna have to go on and
iron or something I thought to have more
diet cokes or something they took blood
as well yeah hopefully to give the blood
back said he would give us a back we did
look at that little trash did you like
pop I think you've seen her before have
we
Judy she's like what has just happened
yeah
poor Alby
hey the big one hey yeah stay on my arms
too strong yeah oh my goodness I'll tell
you wanted winter is definitely over huh
our summer heat wave is definitely over
oh my goodness this is crazy it's like
crazy hot here all right I'm all
confused I'm okay just look out the
window and figure it out look at this oh
my goodness this is like the main oh no
I feel kind of responsible sorry guys
sorry if we brought the grievers on to
go for the end of heatwave but it's like
it's still so hot though isn't it
it's like so hot suckers open to the Sun
just go my frost oh oh goodness you guys
won't go quick drive to a port city in
the rain a nice rainy drive
oh it's like open and open top
sightseeing bus no yeah we're going
through the popol because they haven't
been out in like three weeks is on that
right yeah we should probably swing by
yeah a couple of things a couple of
things have come I know you mind the guy
that works at the command bring stuff
back because he was like you want a hand
I was like a couple of our today's I
took that another big pile I was like
okay I need a hand
well we also got something came from the
US that am customs held or something we
have to go and I got a tow car to get we
picked up lunch as well but uh oh boy oh
boy oh boy see oh we got our famous go
goes oh you have to get jelly babies
because I have to pay customs and then
there was no ATM so we'll do petrol
station got cash back but it's a buy
some and Jenny brains will beside the
till what are you doing
oh geez hey little sailor huh huh weird
such a Russia and we showed you guys the
outfit that's so cute looking a has a
little thing on the back like a proper
little sailor hey sailor sailor friend
sailor friend sailor friend
what are you doing sailor friend well -
look this came from Prince to Graham we
waiting so long to get this look so
small in them now what if you get
another one made of but it's not so cool
looking oh that's nothing new Prince Ram
is so good
where we gonna put it like right here we
put in her room
I thought the stairs will be cool yeah I
know now I have a cop it's for real Oh
Canada but I get this I bought this on
eBay
when we were in Sorrento and I was
buying that phone covers I bought this
oh look you gotta have the phone cover
huh you go in your iPhone it's really
hard to find amazing ones but
that cool Oh Canada look at this is one
of these for every dog there's just
there's just too much stuff
Thank You everybody that send stuff yeah
thank you so much you guys it's too much
so I was just putting this open I just
open this a little bit look what's in
here
oh my goodness huh we already say that
you can't get the daddy pig's knuckle so
he's ever Oh daddy pig oh and Zoey's
Everett that's so cool oh my god now we
have Peppa daddy and Zoe zebra
it's daddy pig you can't touch it Oh cuz
you've got like stuff everywhere
hello oh my god I should do little
adventures Oh Amelia did you see what
your own keys I should've blog my name
just like walking around town oh what's
that oh my guys then a cupcake toy sex
look at this mess yep this is the
reality of baby led weaning folks huh
okay maybe not that part that's just
immediate but um yeah for anybody else
out there that wants to do this baby led
weaning thing which I wholeheartedly
recommend I think that it's it's really
stood stood to us like a special her
traveling I mean it eats everything she
doesn't she's not a fussy eater at all
she will try anything as you guys saw
when she ate squid for the first time or
octopus but um and everywhere he went we
got compliments on how good of a eater
she was so don't ever let the messiness
put you off because it's really not that
bad just get like the right bid like I
said you can also get like if it's a
fancy event or something you can get
paper tablecloths luckily we ate
lot of times outside so I was fine but
or what Oh sometimes I would do if it
was like a nice a nicer restaurant like
if it was with a white tablecloth I
would put down a little paper napkin or
serviette underneath her bowl and that
would take up most of the spillage so
don't let that put you off if you are
considering baby led weaning it's not as
messy as you think I mean I know I'm
joking about this mess but it's just wet
wipes and it's it's over and it's done
with so I just wanted to point that out
the ladders what time is it it's ten
past rate oh hi guys
ten past three three hours to get the
Sun and having an edit of log X so
trying to get this team finished first
oh my goodness I hope it's a bike of you
guys do you like the intro yeah may I
ask what you're doing may I ask what
you're doing over here hmm can I ask
what you're doing oh boy oh boy
come here oh sorry what's that oh hi oh
hi hi there hi there
look like the doggies daggoo Lian's
dog aliens excuse me do have any dog
aliens for sale I'm very interested in
Maltese dog aliens and look there's a
dog owner carry on the Galleon dog alien
you can also get pack aliens cocoons are
knives but I must be honest I prefer
myself a dark galleon
do you have a dog alien oh you got
enough balls for everyone all right they
didn't have enough oh you're so pretty
again you're also pretty again how's the
gang how's the gang all you guys are so
cute you guys are so cute I've even seen
on the front the babies in the back haha
battleship cool gourmet tales everyday
indulgent dog treats their carob flavor
cupcakes with sprinkles and look at them
so I smell amazing gingerbread or
something ready I'm just gonna leave
that tin look they're like it's too much
for them yeah he was gonna do it first
with a spoon here's another loved one
that one's a bit hot okay no no no let's
take this one first this may all be
what's the air what's the story I'll be
cutted wouldn't you like to know
oh maybe I face come over he smelled the
chicken what must be that time in today
me again okay girl
she's beginning to learn what no and
because I saw her go over to the dog
bowls her near and every time she goes
over I'm like or Jonathan says no and
she knows that she's not a lab right now
who knows what some of me when just
doing it like mommy that's right that's
not allowed
and I just witnessed her go over to them
and she was like standing up right there
I know and um yeah good girl
and I saw her like trying to make the
decision in her face you know they're in
her head and she just crawled off so now
she's moved on to this so if it isn't
one house it just thing it's another
okay well we say night night night night
dishwasher night night dishwasher good
girl
you put one foot in front of the other
you put one foot in front of the other
you put one bunch of bugs of the other
you get it but in front of the other one
foot in front of the other one um
give me that photo Hey
you'll never catch us you'll never catch
just you'll never catch you got to get
just catchy catchy got just
where is it
can you get it can you get it
never friends
you later through the top friend that's
good let's go see what reward awaits us
look what we made it to
we made it to the bad friend let's just
close this over though hey they're mine
come on friend come on where are you
where are you get in here get in here
this instant
did you speed here Renji rent me into
the Grand National or something would
you win would you win each other girls
lay JB's out of the houses of course my
star stars don't forget what does a foot
behind you hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's - don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
