oh my goodness oh my goodness oh just
Emilia crawling up the stairs
good morning again friendliest
friendliest friends yo ah - new friends
Melia what are you doing
that's not your breakfast camellia wants
to be part of it I'm gonna be part of
what's going on over here
hi balance is restored
camellias watching Peppa Pig I look like
crap I'm sorry but I don't really care
because last night was probably the
longest sleep I've had in like over two
weeks because we've been staying up at
night editing and then getting up early
in the morning for breakfast and today
earth yeah last night was just a whole
entire night and morning of just doing
nothing so it's like really late right
now and there's no food that is a joke
he's gonna go get food and um Amelia's
watching her Peppa Pig and I'm gonna
brochure at the dogs because every time
they come back from their holidays the
oil means pig works out I think they're
gonna groom soon though I think we had
it like that we booked them in to be
groom groomed right before and right
after oh my goodness welcome home jokey
jokes I called it totally called it
I said Davy come on that's a you know
Ireland it's going Joe's her back and be
lashing rain and what do you know it's
filthy lashing rain
I even have to put a jacket on look put
a jacket on wouldn't attach my hoodie
attachment I'm still wearing shorts
though I'm wearing a t-shirt and I'm
just I'm just true jacket on because I
was like refusing refusing to put on
pens if you know I'm going to be
probably soaked here in the lashing rain
I never tested get some everyone to it
like what a me is doing I gave her some
porridge and she just started feeding
herself with the spoon good girl
we'll get some more on that one need to
fill it again yeah other disease oh I'll
past here let me fill it with porridge
again yum yum yum mm-hmm that's too much
okay honey there you know look at that
Oh Chu doctors here you want some more
you dropped that one oh there it is
folks there she is
Oh
kath go Tesco
it makes food go you got porridge on
your face do you like it
she loved that she ate the whole thing
she had a half
I made her half portion and she had the
whole thing did to you good girl
and I'd say she had like half a banana I
put a whole banana I cut off in front of
her just because she tends to him he
tends to spill some and you know get on
the floor and stuff so um there we go
I'm in the milk I haven't a dime in milk
in like ages now if you won't happen to
drink milk I suppose major what else we
supposed to get having milk and
something else
Oh bananas for gonna come back in dead
welcome doctor what are you doing she
pulled out all of the books again and
then I kind of tried to distract her
with her toys but um I feel so good to
be home like some people were like are
you not sad cuz your holiday is over I'm
like no I think two weeks is enough to
make you like miss home I think one week
isn't enough you're like still craving
more but I just I love the feeling of
like being back in the routine and just
being back in our own home um and just
being back to normal I don't know like
and I love being on holiday too but it's
like a balance you know you need both a
little bit of both because it's like you
have to you have to go away to
appreciate what you you know your
routine and what you have at home I
think anyway it's the same with like
relationships sometimes you know the way
they say absence makes the heart grow
stronger because we appreciate the
person more when they're not there well
that's true too
Oh
like my food cocktail every morning
unless you guys want to come make me
food cooked every morning they'll be
epic I would so appreciate that
seriously I would Hannah Lana's mad
under her organic organic yes I know
it's organic I say organic because
I just say things I just say things
wrong for fernfield
the job a joke way just hi so this is
what we chose this was an outfit from a
subscriber and it was actually one of
the people that came to our Dublin
Meetup so thanks so much like this it's
from done stores and it's so cute it
actually matches her curtains because
it's like little gingham leggings with
bows and then a t-shirt underneath and
then this like little dress with a mousy
on it and it matches her bow perfectly
so um yeah you like the mousey wears a
Miocene look it's another thing we have
missed I've missed you so much
quad wipes it is another one's nice
this one's we were picking up where I
like perfume and stuff and I just wish
there was like nothing you know that's
the water wipes I look not just water
and a bit of lemon
OOP notice someone's going to end and
look school uniforms
scary enough one time Amelia Amelia oh
hi oh look how pretty you look you look
like you were in pink later hosing huh
you look like a little little Heidi or
something he or lay on later and let you
what matches her pedicure like hey guys
can you yodel
can you yodel oh that's pretty good
daddy I've even left oh oh she was
saying at breakfast oh but she's
actually like yeah yeah defining oh yeah
yeah yeah there are a couple of words
actually I saw some people in the
comments that were saying my kids first
word was this as well because I was like
one of the first word she actually said
is the proper word I know she says my
daddy and daddy and Mama and stuff but
they're not really like their armor
first words but they're not like you
know like it defined word where she said
like this like y'all hair day she said
like this this yeah
it's so cute yeah dad my god I'll take
that as she's saying my name because she
loves me
but you know you know what I mean I mean
I'm saying oh maybe I have fallen I have
fallen for another she can call me own
way home boom boom boom
were you talking about it's not oh my
goodness oh my goodness oh just Emilia
crawling up the stairs she got up two
steps she caught up two steps I just
came in and I just looked over and she
was like the dangers
I'm signing here oh my goodness
I just came and cheers like climbing up
the stairs I mean I just climbed up two
steps this is so dangerous hi hi what
are you doing there hi dad huh oh god
she's climbing another one are you right
behind her yeah right here okay he died
oh my goodness she like totally got up
there though he's carry on oh my
goodness and what are we gonna do blonde
amber buck go-go's ha ha so I was
starving about oh my goodness did it did
a new intro plane starters video huh or
did it not I have no idea I don't know
if I am i bragging about something I
haven't even done making the best intro
in the history of the world I remember I
was working them I came up with this
idea ages ago for this project I was
like this am
I didn't do I did approaching a green
late in the end so I suppose Tecna
technically it was deserves this
animatic we're doing for this time this
game thing and I was really good cause
it's facing comic book characters and
was like this magazine flip thing and I
was like all we came over this I can't
with this way of actually flipping a
magazine using a naman most the time
when you do that doing in a treaty space
is a lot easier because you have your
XYZ where I wanted to work in a 2d space
using the ax and said you know using
just just anyway didn't happen did it
didn't happen or did I fail miserably
anyway overworked good-looking it's like
a such a cool little idea I was thinking
about ages ago it's just the time to get
it done I want to try and get it done
for tomorrow's video hopefully it was
hopefully this is one of my am my like
music like working song this album
tenaciously live album and the link in
part live album right - am I like you
just have like they're just help me with
create a flow do you guys have any
strong finish oh my shyness its
rendering oh geez
that took a long that's pretty much took
the times and out it's like half stem
and I pretty much took all day oh hi
guys mmm I think it's gonna be totally
worth it friendliest friend Oh
friendliest friend come on Amelia come
on school time you have to get off for
school you don't want to be late hmm
would mrs. O'Shea say you don't put in
this roll call huh friend his friend
Emily's friend friendliest friendliest
friend
excuse me where are you going where are
you going my friend where exactly are
you going oh my god oh god this is so
dangerous I know you love it and all but
it's a little bit scary for mommy
because unfortunately I can't get any
work done
okay oh my god she has been getting into
everything the dishwasher she crawled
into the dishwasher she crawled into the
dog food numerous times she her new
favorite hobby is to pull books out of
the shelves that's not a big deal though
but this scares me a little bit since we
just moved that gate up there okay might
need to be moved back what are we gonna
do it you huh
what are we gonna do it deal like we
need to get a playpen or something huh
or like a barrier we want booby you
can't have it because you're stuck for
too long so we're gonna hold off till
dinnertime huh yeah I'm gonna hold off
till dinner
yay clip-clop clip-clop good girl
clap clap you're so big it's crazy
oh my god when did you get so big you
singing the song you singing the song
angrily be Pengilly feet you think it
sounds whoa whoa
oh you're getting too big for this
almost friend you know she's gonna feel
a little chair or something no no no no
but she's gay
she's not too long that's where she is
look at you fire setting and look at JIT
you don't even touching the ground boom
boom
good morning friendliest friend good
morning friendliest friend the school
bus has left winner
hmm my name's thanks for my concern
while I will fix her in the Pine Valley
I know what promise now I'm here - my
chicken look at everyone else okay look
at everyone else waiting yep yep for my
did my chicken bone at the cousins won't
get the chicken to the peasants is that
Blaney where's your daddy doing over
there oh this is my private feeding time
so I asked Jonathan to bathe Amelia
tonight because I don't know like I want
to ask a question so Amelia is so much
bigger now and I guess because in
Sorrento we were like doing something
every day you know and we had a lot
going on and you know obviously she grew
those two weeks two plus weeks
but you don't even notice when there's
so much going on well now that we're
home it feels like well today was a bit
messed up because we got up pretty late
and then she didn't have like her second
not because um I wanted her to go to bed
tonight right so she's kind of back on
schedule like usually at home her
bedtime is it should be 9:00 but it's
really like very more towards 10:00 like
right now it's half past 9:00 she's
going up to for her bath so it'll
probably be realistically like 10 by the
time she's asleep which is fine so we
got her kind of back on track but the
problem is now was not really a problem
but I just I want to ask you guys that
our moms like how do you entertain
your kids for that lot like I don't even
know it's not that I don't know what to
do with her but it's like how'd you get
things done because before she just
slept all the time or she I don't know
like what she can't she's actually a
very independent baby like she will
entertain herself for hours but um then
there comes a certain point where
obviously I feel like I'm overwhelmed
like I've read to her I've sung to her
I've played a game with her you know I
played um I don't know it's just like
you guys probably know what I'm saying
if you're a mom just like when they get
older you're just like oh my god they
actually need so much more entertainment
then I even have time in a day to give
but maybe like I'm saying like I was
saying before maybe it is because we
only had one nap today so it just feels
like you know she was awake for the
whole day so I just feel like oh like
what do I do
I don't really want her to watch that
much TV as she watched today just
because I don't think it's very good for
her because she's so small still I don't
want it to get into that habit anyways
but like yeah just let me know what your
thoughts are or what your tips are if
you have older like older babies or
toddlers or little kids like that I
remember we used to leave this camera in
here and see what you got up to and now
what do you do he just pretty much do
whatever you want and go wherever you
please huh
isn't that right you're gonna come for a
bad time you gonna come for that type
this has become obsolete we do not need
this anymore he's a big girl and a big
bad big girl in a big bad okay we should
do it tomorrow I think we need to pick
up a gate for the top of the stairs what
do you think huh
where'd you even get that from I don't
know where she gets things from hey this
morning climbing up the stairs what's
that about huh so here's our here's our
sick
d contraption oh boy oh boy
so they're all filthy I will run my
pinkie I wonder what could be I think I
see you me I will come to say hello
would you do what you giving special you
stuff for me
oh thank friend 11 I'm on you anything
yeah how many dogs can you fit in their
mouth hey put it like this what's that
what's that oh you're one of the best
things though when you do go away from
Holly oh look at this Italian coffee
Italian chocolate rose she got some
Italian chocolate those to score and I
got Anna gets a handful I get a bagful
that's the way things work around here
so long well the Beatles thing good
muhaha hey hey hey hey and Rick my for
champagne doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
hahaha
