hi Rick we're so late it's so late again
friend ah you're so cute
alright let's blow good cool modern man
baby one hand pink cooking changing back
in your hand
it's my nice little players I just said
I'd come down and find out mrs. K but we
won't you have a table you're kind of
set you can stay here you know so I was
like oh I better just get one like it's
pretty good we've been down like earlier
like there the ablution all day it's
just it catches up on you huh little
miss Teeter you have a two hours sleep
last night
no my friend about two hours two hours
did you get more than two you probably
got more than two hours on I didn't get
one two hours see with a spoon
hurt its rent oh we've been sanding easy
clapping we can eat him with a spoon
who's done that
hand over the years monkey face thing
try to describe - no no thank you
hi buddy hey friend what are you doing
huh stand in the bed huh
look at you oh that wasn't yeah you know
for ages I was wondering what you guys
like this isn't a plug sockets it's the
thing but I got I wonder what the actual
blind come down mmm
a school day OOP that's Paulie I stay in
the poop you guys watch it we're not
here anymore
Oh everyone asked me for name of dusting
repellents data by the way I'll show you
around a bit before we go guess you guys
want to stay here but I must say it's an
awesome place I know yeah last day at
the pool take the floor friend
will you point that point I want one of
Charles please I want some nourishment
I'm gonna live it up in the pool today
just a nibble
I don't think the snow baby is going
down right now
today mm-hmm not now anyways so I think
I'm gonna Sun cream her up and then spin
her off did daddy huh I got liccardi any
sleep last night because she woke up at
like
or or I think maybe it was like actually
closer to five and then that's how we
were late for our first two times that's
happened for usually actually like
really early and we come down before my
mom or my sisters plot last night she
got up she woke up very early and then
another night that happened as well and
those two times were late breakfast
because but we still made it in time but
it's later
or maybe
I'm gonna do it
this music is like a drug it hypnotizes
you doesn't it didn't you love it so
where ain't he got lunch we're going
back in a place to enter Oh from the
hotel it was like I don't know if you
guys remember was like the way at the
start
I definitely Michel oh it was like
amazing like homemade let me shower
there
we just take the white you up made Agata
she was so nice to Amelia like every
single time she saw her and then she
made a huge effort like every time with
Peppa Pig she did something different
she'd make a media's bed and then like
Peppa some different way in it like
every time she'd do something fun and
she was just so nice and like then she
even said out booty like for my own
elastico which is like my nameday which
is on the 26 we won't be here anymore
but it's like a big holiday or like a
big celebration especially in Naples so
that was really nice and so if you do
stay at that hotel
you should definitely
say hi to a guitar because she's in my
opinion she was the nicest mate and it
didn't even compare to when she did our
room and one another made in our room
she did it like way better he just had a
new wave and a new carpet wrap up today
called table huh if she reached the
bread
what are you going to do that
we're going to do with that you need
that yeah
whoopee
he was a student so we got Amelia melon
today what do you do these are melon
seeds all over your face oh oh there you
go you get in the marriage that's the
stuff let me just get that for you I
just said it to tomorrow something
different if you like it
are you joking are you joking joking her
joking ski for her dream you think what
bigger hands go up
No
can't put your fingers in at the same
time
get it in there hope with them
yeah
baby cutie baby ah who's a pretty girl
who's a pretty girl huh which get that
dress did you get that here she looks so
cute
and this dress know what ah
thanks goofy I know it makes my marriage
easier by just going today um this dress
we got here in Sorrento it's so cute and
they the woman said it was a really nice
like little boutique and she said that
um it would last like two maybe even
three well yeah maybe even three years
because it's kind of one of those
dresses that like grows with to baby or
the child toddler um so it looks so
pretty and then it's matching on
yourself but you'll have to watch my OTD
to see that so we're heading out I think
Emma and I are gonna get our nails done
it's our last night yeah which is kind
of sad so we have booked bolito
because it's like the best Peppa's gonna
come with us come on Peppa wake up just
prepping
is that bad you see asleep oh I got
messy yes Johnny there's so many smudged
all the stars all over me now my nose
he'll only talk like this I talk like
this zero please it's upside-down
elevate your party and look at you too
Barney along anyone can you wait get eco
all the way to zero Jesus the final day
we're in the OTD outside our hotel funds
your friends he just booked our out a
chance fare for a morning have our last
breakfast in the morning you're gonna
miss I think she's gonna miss all the
waiters yeah hello to be looking for
them
it is not like the bumps in the road
like your boss
it's so cute we didn't even know she was
doing that until like aliens come
forward wait for it to like not sure
hair everyday Anna needs something you
just need this is it
welcome hashed up oh no I need you to
get something and me if I post early you
need it is a new need for something new
of course of course you need that and
what else what else have you gotten here
now
Korn show the class so Anna's getting
her nails done yeah you're getting to
nail something friend hmm
she's so sparkly yeah yeah beating out
there what are you getting none we're
going to get some extensions done when
hearing it because I feel like you owe
lightning and the same way Islam
oh this is score are you getting done me
there's that hair is then flavor day or
color flavor strawberry strawberry think
there's so Barbie pink are they yeah
very cool looking
this job is it Emma Gardner opaque gosh
I need oh yeah I know you get a
beautiful or not no no no looks like any
bad yeah when you get mad
put on with little chairs take your
dress matches hmm pedicure what could I
do it what could I do one minute at rib
roast Masto it swimmy want
hey mom I can do
comment below I saw Issaquah she's
competing back
the NIMH Eyman I wouldn't have you for
that amazing really antenna people I see
this mindfulness I spent a year in Aspen
mommio mommio me
oh my god here
yeah I think she likes Michael Mae's
does he think it's a thing I said she
already knows she the girl she may
because I've done it twice no oh here
put her in her stroller oh my god that
was like the highlight of the trip so
you realize it is so nice because they
were playing with her the whole time and
I was like oh my god it should asked him
to do her nails they did it perfect like
compared to my stupid two goals that I
did although my first one was like a
disaster my second one was better he was
better and then that's the best true so
yeah I think maybe because I've done it
twice and she was like okay I know the
deal but um so that place is called
glamour it's right next to Lama de
Botton which is the first place we had
dinner and it's like so for our last
last night here in Spokane and Hannah
just to know if you get sick I won't be
leaving tonight okay just so you know
just so you know who you just want this
is wherever stranded this is where to go
this isn't any monster I'm Peter put
your hand until for you when she gets in
there move huh good events okay he's
gonna say
and here we have it the mozzarella
platter
it's got honey on the top all the
different kinds of mozzarella oh my god
is so good so good oh my goodness you
know you don't even want to see what was
there it was - amazing
so Amelia's awake after her snooze
making friends as always he's got a
collection of ricotta mozzarella bread
and focaccia yeah yeah she's wishing the
ricotta with the bread
mmm nom nom yum yum yum
nice yeah you round that in friend you
ready for your first dark chocolate
experience dark chocolate cake time I'm
going to give it a go what do you think
way better than crappy food right and
your face everything has just changed
you like that
goodbye buff Alito it's been fun it's
been fun I have to wait another year
well I have my book eligio once more you
like it oh yeah it was that I kind of
regret
is that saying I heard it tastes better
when I kiss at the end
oh yeah it does actually she tried to
give her laughing dinner never gonna get
ice cream for Nene's special organic ice
cream we're getting yeah we're getting a
little doggie things made up we're gonna
get all six in tomato it's like a gift
for all the six donkeys but it's it's
not here but it's like the little dog
whenever it oh thank you today she's
gonna print the names on all of them
it's gonna be so cute it's kind of for
Amelia's room I suppose but it's kind of
for them to mistaken a double fake
everyone's name so cool like what boy
are you cousin Joe for huh ah
last night walking the old the old
stomping grounds huh
I'm gonna be a stomping ground any more
friends is there any ATMs are in here
because if we get it from clear out
there oh yeah we'll try to find ATM so
someone wants to stuff their face full
of I thought I owe you that oh I've
already got some to you anything it's my
national gonna get them removed
oh yeah well last time in the main
square right and a canap√© bar this is
the yeah if there's the intro thing
that'll be no more well that's it oh
bloody hell what are we gonna do for an
intro I don't even think about it yeah
it doesn't go back to the old one until
we figure out yeah we're we're doing so
sorry but I guess I'll have to make it
win or something need to go crazy need
to go crazy
what are you going crazy scared enough
to last year what is that you got your
own little tub of ice cream oh look it's
a piccolo bigger room okay we got you
know
nice got lemon caprese cakey lemon thing
did you get you pistachio nice nice
friend
Oh YUM look what it's involved to now
huh you enjoyed that friend so I don't
really like I was like I don't really
like the cones out there good delivery
mechanism for a while until you get to
the cone part and then I just doesn't
really excite me that much with
everything me oh that good that good
take the name of the shop right next
door to our hotel just give me a zoom
which you guys can see it okay Charlie
is that so cool
or tell me love you stop and to get our
own key situation go just grab her own
key just do it just do it tonight Amelia
you staying here tonight
are you Oh
night-night bye-bye will collect you in
the morning
pickable cute oh my god
classic good hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
