my goodness oh right and shine dr.
Freeman rise and shine let's go time for
school Melia time for school uh-oh uh-oh
oh no nothing we made it we made it
probably like the last ones here I'm
breakfast man look this we got your
mom's table but they were gone they just
left
they came then they went to a mop heater
getting that half and both for army but
again the voted of us I didn't mean to
go yeah versus like an hour and a half
and I was like I'm not waiting to get
you and ever happened a bus and then the
boat was like oh the boat was
three-quarters of an hour which is still
quite a lot you know quite they the
captain was like claiming and so she
could definitely
and they don't think we're being a lot
for being nice
so we're just going to have to suffer at
the pool don't have the suffer at the
girlfriend huh
like a mom didn't make the am I saw
everyone's common so everyone I think we
should partition someone with that idea
of the Asia mix though this is Lucknow
brother
is that it do it again
oh okay she's not a top that is so weird
it's not I was so cool I'm just naming
the videos like oh we call it baby
stands up
is it a bit yesterday she goes and signs
up reinforcing she's trying to tell me
that's even more baby stunts up maybe
you shouldn't need not lugnut these were
the things yeah she's like gosh hurt
legs are getting so strong that was
amazing no wonder she couldn't do it
again
what's going on you're standing you're
clapping huh it's hit everything today
yeah Cup dear cups do drops oh so funny
you are
yay she's dropping cuz everybody just
like the video cinnamon so go to the
pool
where are you hi hi there friend is
progress but for somebody comes boom
boom do the scare anything about this is
that there could be a million people
sitting right there you're like that
right you have to see how long you can
keep going for Oh name of picking the
correct sunjai it's a very very
important process is this just the
optimal and is it actually is she I
think you should go nap first before
cool
ah whatever you want you're the expert
here to profesh come on in amateur you
haven't put in there friend
you're supposed to be having enough
right now that's what you saying I love
that bikini look so hot in here
yeah Scott what are you thinking uh-huh
his mommy looks so pretty mm-hmm I could
open in the water yet
porygon have a little pee there else
news that's why I like I like a feat in
listeners you like a feat in this news
huh you guys like it leave me a comment
if you like a feeding us news chuckle
huh look it's the it's the shot that
everyone does except I haven't got a
sexy bikini on so fairphone and here see
sometimes with commas people give on a
hard time but being a mom look at the
sacrifice huh breastfeeding in a bikini
on the poolside that's commitment
it's so much that's a good of a mommy
Alice that's why she doesn't go in water
because like I don't breastfeed her and
I feel interesting somebody but I I mean
I I have no attention span for somebody
I need to pay into water that's why
going to water Amelia we take it in
turns because you just woke up I know
you know did you have a nice nap in it
yeah you ready to go in the pool dad his
goggles match the full
hmm
I was very principled good grades over
Stan just daddy quick she's so confused
he's dead
your turn your turn good girl hi
he's that five anymore
no definitely not that is over him I
totally
that should be like so happy because
warm water yeah recent cold water
you
Oh lunchtime lollipop wait for lunch
wait for lunch if you got your appetite
appetite on oh don't you taking those
best for yourself taking them for
yourself you enjoying that step doing
that strap meeting my head 0:02 up now
guys I feel like we're always the last
ones left I know there's no one here
yeah okay no matter what gene yes so it
really I was like I don't know what
happened basically this little jumpsuit
thing I like that's all all the seeds it
was like just an array of see he
seedless tomorrow's would be a cool
thing yep huh exists
ooh look at you huh tiny little baby in
a big bed who do you do is it nap time
yeah afternoon delight you have a real
afternoon delight what do you do oh you
were so close you're so close Apple tips
all over
right night night sleep tight
Amelia me Nia where you hi what are you
doing what are you doing
how do you do it huh so he do it huh he
was playing with the toilet ah I love
your new top and your new shorts thank
you mommy's wearing hot pants hot lady
and hot pants double hotness double
hotness all the way with hot pants this
hi Peppa your heart to the camera oh
goodness
yeah hi there hi there can I can I have
that piece there come on guys I'm gonna
get it oh okay okay first Edwards who
technically won on a technicality who
won on a technicality
yeah Oh Oh something smell oh I'm
actually down like a hill
yeah you're really tall up there so I'm
wearing my new short and I'm not just
like the one day because I'm doing what
I ate Wednesday that we're not doing the
OTD so you guys are gonna miss it but
these are the new shorts that I got from
it was that shop where we had to go to
like a different shop to pay using the
card immediateiy love abou dress you
can't really see property but it's super
cute
dad's on his phone because we have
excellent Wi-Fi here I wouldn't even
know what I said there guys are reading
tweets from res like hahaha absolutely
as I got but it's bull it's like full a
poodle yeah it's actual full wife it's
way better than in their hotel would you
to upload the poop bird I've gotten my
diet coke and this is a Lombardo have
Nina and I think that's the same or no
it's Madonna del crowd me there
that's the what is that festival yeah
yeah
so I think we're going for dinner in
Tasso which is like damn that Waits and
my mom and sisters all went to Amalfi
for the day so they're all pretty tired
I'm not kind of closer to our hotel so
why I'm looking forward to dinner
because
I didn't get a proper girl from their
lifetime
yeah
Bravo hi friend
that's Italian for friend so today's
treats are I don't even know what the
hell a prawn crackers or something
we know I mean is going to look at a
median little Peppa Pig dress isn't it
so cute
it was custom-made for her from page
from lovable yeah it's really cute I
think we wouldn't surrender layaway
yeah and Peppa is so big here but her
stuff is really lovely look for little
lb is all form of one of Commons and
well wishes for Albie gonna send wishes
for lb huh
like he normally he's just like that he
is an emotional dog you know whenever
we're not there you know so I hope that
maybe succeed or just we never left for
two weeks before so maybe he's just
finding a bit too hard because he does
give my pillow and
for last four years you've never been
away from this or bad now like you never
left before this long before because it
hopes like the Pope's could probably
couldn't Care Act's yeah and see this
part that I packed like and just she was
saying that he's not part it up when
he's ever being part of that pack
you know he always stays away from him
anyway I'm trying to really miss him now
best thing we were saying like two weeks
I think is perfect because after a week
II feel like ah I wish I have more time
but after two weeks like a ready to go
home
I miss my comforts at home my routine
anyway in India
what do you think Ben
so you bang
in
okay so that didn't work for this and
I'm bringing her outside because I know
the bums kind of sued her like a massage
for something at that which might
actually count me and my co Steve as you
can see she's silent now hopefully this
is hopefully again having a black
otherwise I'm gone hungry for tea so
Amelia unfortunately miss dessert she's
in her middle home - yeah she woke up
again so we're back inside
like every time she wakes up I just nip
at sighs open and a bumpy road she goes
back asleep
job done back inside more food this is
restaurant we were out anyway
sit here it's a nice good rinse rental I
recommend I recommend it very much
trying to encourage Emma my sister to do
a cooking channel so if everybody leaves
the comment saying please Emma set up a
cooking channel then maybe we should
listen and we'll send her to that video
and she'll watch it and then she'll read
out the comments and she'll realize it's
a good idea okay York a friend
friendliest friend friendliest friend Oh
big titties and a molar the moly
situation holy moly I can see this is so
cool okay
so I just I just think oh so
cool-looking ha ha I don't like standing
though I know when you're holding baby
and I always feel like she's so happy
now because that stupid silly things
so everyone say hi to her friend what's
your friend's name
hey Emily watches the show she texted
how much like singing hey hey Olli
you have almost the same need yeah Emily
Amelia who's Emily in there Peppa Pig
world our family elephant have any
elephant I would say one of the best
things that we brought with us was the
thing I took off their side here anymore
is that black cover thing was now like
if you're going to a hot country on
holiday definitely invest in one of
those like that was probably the best
purchase that we we made yeah definitely
look for this the other thing is the big
dysplastic beefed up process capacity in
in Sorrento yeah the plastic paper falls
up you don't have to worry about laundry
just wiping and I just wash it every
night and it's perfect collects
everything yeah when she's eating well
yeah that covered thing for the stroller
she can have
yeah by the beach and off line it's
really really good um don't bother with
a parasol
you know like it hold like the baby
Ponder's yeah the PV pie oh it's your
song so we're gonna hit up this is like
a late night pharmacies here we're gonna
see we can get something for Amelia like
a teething gel or something you're
something that might help help the pain
go away
yeah this is a 24-hour one Oh God
tickets you know what you were probably
best if you read the names I'll probably
buy a hair gel or something
I mean it's pushing the stroller push
push is there a baby in there you
pushing the baby I'm so glad this store
is closed I would totally go and get
them free of all fortunately clothes
mark again some ice cream
- oh wow I would love that one - you
guys back me up when you know I would
toast go in there right now
oh wow - I am I am being moved
emotionally looking at these shoes
hilarious sign here they're like if
you're English and you get free ice
cream when the baby's born look oh all
right
ice cream Royal baby we are connected
with London we know about the birth of
William cake yeah free gelato so I'm
hoping that they have their baby when
we're here and then I'm going to put my
greatest English act up oh I use my
Peppa Pig voice that's Raj yoga free ice
cream yeah yeah all right remember your
screen right oh it's an ice cream what
flavor is it he can bring oh you know
Kinder Bueno no brain Oh munch that dad
oh yeah nice good girl she's up waiting
she doesn't like she's real slow he's
like thank you fish they get fish
crap
their social underneath appreciate it
that's a report
mmm give me give me a Coco Puffs give me
give me
gimme gimme-gimme-gimme coco pop oh he
didn't play along calling the elevator
and I came to score some magazines yeah
all right inside for the disco party
potty night party tonight
burn it to me party tonight you're in
doorway your mouth get up honey
oh no miss already please do one Grasset
whoo whoo whoo hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
