we're in depe hello hello there hello
dinner not happenin oh you sleeping in
Oh me yeah did she do it ready to go at
a moment's notice
okay never actually sat up here it's
like in a little sore in a separate area
oh oh oh
so Jonathan went back up the room to do
to get started on the editing and I'm
here with the monster bhamini I know
she's playing with Eric has rigged she
loves doing like sometimes if she's just
really bossy I give her my bag of
jewelry and she gets anxious so excited
do you like that yes
she gets really excited same with like
if I cover my jewelry she is like
perfect
yeah she wants to put up a good girl she
put it on her head finger oh she's been
twisting I really wanted to paint her
nails over here but it's just so hard I
do it when she sees me as a person and
I'm in my underwear so - be careful my
shorts got wet in my bathroom when I put
it about me yeah but um yeah so she's
the count and I'm gonna get some editing
now good morning again friendliest
friend
you ready to get spray paint all right
Amelia's first tattoo let's say dad love
oh my god actually looks like a
pentagram oh god I drew a pentagram on
horseback today but not in the city you
might fully surrender which is a suburb
so kind of like maple to the Amalfi
Coast in the slammer oh look at you with
your little hat look at you g little hat
huh kept an eye on it here
oh no no no sorry scusi scusi mommy's
phone
do have an elevated Marine having an
elevator part about look at that water
it's like so pure and untouched because
he came here so area I guess he gave me
a green light does make a difference
you ready listen me some friend are you
oh my goodness
Oh
this is my favorite part of the day
Johnathan's is going out for dinner I
like that part too
but I also like this part because this
is something we never get to do at home
Oh
you
so say nothing but we're trying to do
mommy daughter told mommy baby toes even
say nothing though same fish you might
forget what they look so cute
let's see if we could do a second coat
the other thing can you move this
clothes there a little bit
Thanks just because I wouldn't one leg
is in the Sun thank you happily we did
it they even got the dry drops on so now
she has on Diana to Sun right here I
don't know Morgan crap not Diana I even
get a Diana you can't remember oh this
is Diana no this is Asia okay I'm
getting very confused this is Morgan
cheers on Morgan
and so do I tomorrow fantastic time that
the friendliest friend models
the Dido Kuji only actually I'm you know
for research and purposes and after try
one
mmm that's good
thinking happy I mean is she's holding
the car that has keycard a car key the
hotel room key so happy so chuffed
yourself the job had a Mongol nut
because we left the door open at the
aircon so he's got sticky Freddie just
look at this little well good morning
friendliest friend again how many good
mornings have we had today how many good
mornings have we had today yeah three
good mornings oh yeah
now what's even going on what's even
going on where am I is this real life
this is real life there's a Flying Pig
the fighting pit behind you all right
you just said you just stand it about
she's so small when she's done I know it
isn't like oh she's gonna be petite or
whatever but like you don't really
realize what until she's standing she's
standing my mommy so good go dance Hindu
your OTD now standing up Oh Victor face
your phase like what the hell happened
look what I picked out for you friend
mmm-hmm you like it cuz look it kind of
doesn't match my clothes but it's like
Carly right Carly well the car is not
like a pastel let's kind of like a pass
down yeah it's not Carly's I know sorry
about that
you just had Carl on lipstick part ah
miss la gonna have it that's cute
alright friendliest friend his friend
baby don't touch the bin friend
hold on tight she's holding on tight
she's like a monster let's go to sleep
right and you like woke up first to your
warrior
oh you looked up on the Seaway hello
Evan my genius leave your second guide
you can turn it around see it's totally
coming from it yet zero party starts do
you the doing but to do is if you didn't
which they would it didn't it didn't get
in did you jump or we call it early on
each a little toes
hmm so didn't OCD outside the mango tree
Google tree and I was hilarious so we
were swimming OGD right and just as we
finished it I noticed in the car my eye
this guy was peeing in a bush I don't
even know you might wonder is it on the
video I don't really so buddies just as
I put the camera down and I put it down
and looked over and my leg on oh wow
bugger no a PPO under a motorbike no and
Wow only five people do try rammer at
dogs and bikes I'm gonna start doing
that please get a bike I have a dog
yeah this is the longest I go one week
he's gonna leave this work we've never
done this long kind of like I need to
get some underwear oh yes look at this
this is more like white kind of thing
ooh fancy I know we like my fancy endure
how much 26 euros run or move it isn't
so
rosy mommy's perfidy me dying I would
totally go cupcake Akemi are we so funny
somebody spoiled oh my god I have like I
know on Playboy underwear like hot stuff
on your love hearts like not like the
most well it wasn't his fault
so I'm trying to be plain like underwear
for him
oh my god are we gonna pass like a clean
underwear yeah but um yeah you can find
any so we got we went to Yama my which
is like a women's lingerie bathing suit
shop but they do have men's stuff as
well but it's all like you know like hot
stuff like a playboy girl written across
yeah so it's really like loads it's not
like white Jonathan usually wear is like
very plain but um and I got some new
PJ's because I actually really did need
those PJs Larry so we go into a shop
right without the clothes
um for Anna just point that 20 year old
40 year old oh my god and shook on home
and a new wardrobe at this stage my back
so sweaty
you know when you touch someone anyway
so we go into shop buy them she's like
oh it prices up and then I took a car
she's like oh no hold on a second she
makes a phone call right names like you
have to go to another shop down the road
my husband shopped and roses she closed
it drugs and I start waving so the guy
starts waving up comes up Texas brings
it into his shop and that's what you
hate like I love this guy so crazy
look when you're looking some sort of a
halt and going on here most boring is
time of my life rented by Imperial Hotel
got to me I wish me we went to Yama my I
got some wonder where did make me look
like a male stripper and I got Jonathan
I wrote the name it is Sharla corners
our food spirits and Josh got security
in this place is pretty pretty heavy
Oh
comes the yank
hey guys we're at mean we're light in
what are you doing what do you do a
monster huh cause some trouble so we
came to this cool place it's like right
on the edge you can't really see it I
guess right on the edge seed Rockets
like that
you get the wine list what are you gonna
have
yeah give me a whole show of hands had a
zucchini flower in mozzarella deep-fried
Amelia's back try our first ones it's
simply the best it's too hot me before
we have a look
that's so cool
it was Erica I was filming a mechanic's
you see you from here so I go to the
corner we got a media we decided the
Pomodoro this matters might be get the
boring or something so we mixed it up we
got spaghetti and tomatoes today huh if
you think friends I got the homemade
pasta with the meatballs and I got the
clams with the homemade pasta YUM
don't try one friend you can suck them
in oh so cute ring
she loves you
to put on my wall sit on on your finger
on your finger what did the after Sun I
put on this sparkly so then whenever I
hold yes the Garnier one so then
whenever I hold her she gets sparkles on
her like a little vampire my lap vampire
don't drop it again what was that Emma
and what boy that ah look at this place
it's really cool-looking isn't it
they smell really nice for the front of
your house wouldn't it if they don't
have the front of a house like this and
would like to send it to me what you do
I can look in the media meters Amelia's
giggle time that's right hmm she loves
it
look at this cool looking inside okay
see how the fresh fruits and so isn't
that so cool
Oh lovely nice you should try it out
sometime what a hardest decisions in
life sometimes is do I get crepes in the
tub or if I get ice cream the hard
decision what to do
well I think I want to be some comments
crepes ice cream let me know so here
take a little baby cone
use it like a spoon yeah yeah there you
go
the little baby cone
or anything guys I think about Yolo Yolo
no but it's so cheap I feel like I have
to wear that flumps you never go wrong
with marshmallows Jonathan's getting the
sweet no log you get his giant spoon
I
get some icecream yeah those marshmallow
ice creams whatever you Irish Mallos
here if you want those
yes
yeah
they're huge
you finished yeah
Thank You Rebecca the spoon
six-six
yeah we're almost done speak that ones
leaving
granted ciao are you guys kidding huh
Wow if every single one of you liked
this video and leave a nice comment
you'll get a sweet each are you going to
eat all those cities I even eat all the
sleep pls eat and even eat all the CDs
huh yeah come on let's go let's go don't
race Wheaties away
let's go see you at night friends oh my
by my knife made nice oh my light night
boo-oop no oh yeah it is
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
