challenging children don't do to do the
different sketching to have a bit of
Hey
beside me
look we're all going in the back we're
in the back of the bus yeah you're
looking fine look they look really cool
I want a pair now this is vegetable
right get yourself chokolate nugget
thingy bobbins it mix in with Coco Pops
huh
we reckon I'd like invented two new
cereal I'll be really cool wouldn't it
if like all cereal companies came
together or you know like pick a mix
imagine always like a pick-and-mix
cereal selection in life no way you have
the option to do that you could like
walk around but yeah like a scoop or
like it is the thing where you pull a
chute down and they fill a cup on it and
you can go around when you get a box
right you can go ring like Coco Pops a
cup of cornflakes
let's turn em I get frosty he's gonna be
so cool yeah waiter backs mousse new
brand gosh it ruining it ruining my
dream you may comment would you like
that dream so right now we are going to
meet my mom and sisters that's props key
oh I do lots of my hourly traffic all
right and then we're gonna go um handbag
shopping and shoe shopping he has kind
of a porfavor
um all right then we're gonna go to a
spa and we're gonna get our nails done
and I was cutting the camera shop and I
was like let's go straight to the camera
shop
why can't I do Marinette Tech speech
like so when we meet at the swamp ski
shop was like a jaws and saw the text
like what what's going on here he got
something but anyways so jokey jokes
wants to get an underwater camera
you guys appreciated their little pizzas
every time I to go to war when she's a
thing her feet are dangling it so funny
cuz to me I'm like why the hell would
you spend like 200 euros on an
underwater can't like to me that makes
no sense but then he's like well that's
why I wouldn't spend 150 euros on her
jeans you know so I have just look at it
like objectively and in a fair way but
psychologist I have not bought one thing
did you be near bar food that's kind you
have been going like a mad thing I have
not so just you're walking up here I was
on as well good stuff
nothing ethnic should pick up some games
lock myself in the hotel room play the
PlayStation so yeah we just said popular
saw in this moment and they're all have
a Negroni just there so I drop that off
with Amelia and I was like I'll just
come here myself it'll be better for
everyone
look GoPros
it's quite a lot though isn't it see I'm
doing water - outrageous I wanna spend
crazy money cause she's enjoying it
drink ass since May flowers flowers they
say that have internet but I don't know
hey are you Patrick
I actually really like to see I play
mostly because cafe said oh if you have
they have different flavors at the edge
of the bag
there's like
cappuccino and they look pretty good oh
yeah and Carlotta I ran away and began
and then when I went back to try and
fight or to try and get her to come over
she wouldn't come over to me if I didn't
trust me so okay later on so I make
friends and I'm just having a diet coke
so what I end up getting right was this
thing here it's like it's an icon water
thingy after a day later in the water
and I got the the nikon coolpix it's
good like it's very similar to the vlogs
like 40 ml good megapixels so I wanted
to be pretty much the same or is it
coolpix 2600 so I'm looking at
underwater unboxing and review teacher
lipstick this is coral - maybe it's
colorful coral reef right now this is
cool girl boom all coming together the
guy is like you tell me he's like oh
yeah how far down you going I was like
pretty far down friend I was like I
probably I probably test it out in the
pool in the hotel first just see you
know or get to gauge reasons liquid
media space there's so many peppers Oh
teddy
he's daddy pig look oh yeah that's fun
place given the rockin
okay Lucy bought at that and that's
really nice yeah it's really nice
that's a hard one yeah sound let's try
this let's go I'm not a fan of gold you
know
oh it is actually nice with the the
contrast of the goal and the thing you
know
like the joke again oh geez
alright so this is like some famous
Italian Brown yeah it's called Cesare
Patrick T for us for us yeah right
so I decided for the first time in my
life to buy jewelry apologize of
everyone
yeah sorry I'll let her hear some huge
spike chain what's a cute oh I want me
to do it you know it's cool
I collect the color contrast yeah it's
lovely
you can probably that in here order to
do Kerala coast in a club yeah is right
for me I really like that one I think
that's really cute here we are continue
shopping again because I only have two
with me but I'm so fussy like I need
Unger granny its report on top and then
I need I'm very fussy with the bottoms
they have to be like the straight
bottoms so I found some gray ones that I
like but I'm not sure about the bottoms
because they don't have the ties on them
so I think I'm gonna try them on and
just see cuz I'm a boy all right this is
going to graphic detail but this loop is
full okay actually a colors beaucoup but
yes very nice Darsh you know what I mean
like this is why the skimpiest
bikini or do I get this that I hope I
will own we're just walking into the
hotel Nick desert Salah Kula it's so
tiny
in there hello friend took a teeny tiny
one hello lizard friend I mean you just
see it we take it home so meanie I got a
towel a beach towel isn't it so cute and
we picked up the what we thought was the
equivalent of water wipes these seem to
be the most natural and like for
delicate sensitive skin and like hits
edge hypoallergenic and all that fun
stuff
we've got her little hat and we got her
nappies we got some just wipes for like
to have in my bag mommy got a body wash
cuz daddy's been stealing mommy's father
her so some of you might know that there
was this page on Facebook that was using
a picture
of me taking like three years ago
claiming that I was like 48 or mom and
that I used this anti-wrinkle cream and
that it was like to click a link or
whatever and so was basically like
scamming people into clicking on link
and then making their money and I left
comments like most people told me that
that's how I kind of come so thank you
first of all for telling me about it and
then the reason that I left comment I
was like you know this is me I'm not 45
and I you know whatever and there was
also a really nasty comments but like
just reminding people saying that I had
had Botox and like that they were
professionals and they could tell that I
had had fillers and stuff it was really
like just getting read a ste and I asked
um so I had asked or I had reported it
to Facebook and they didn't do any like
nothing happened and it was really hard
to even like file the right complaint
and everything was really they made it
really awkward and then nothing was
happening with Jonathan's like what you
asked like the community to help yet so
I did I asked all of you guys to help me
to report it and it got taken James
thank you so much if you did report it I
really really appreciate it I hate
asking people to do stuff on my path but
that really means so much to me that it
got taken out because it was like
getting to the point where they were
they were deleting my comments and I
would say like it's me is there you have
an elevator by logic only to the pony
from India to the room don't you dare to
do the different sketchy
to cap it right with it getting gosh I
didn't see that this is the underwater
house anything here so I'm going to put
the camera in here it's really really
super heavy because it's for diving you
can control the buttons and all so I'm
gonna put the camera in here and let's
test it at walking in and reblogging my
back let me show you she's getting a
little hot
ah
okay friend we do water this she's so
cute in that little hat
are you sitting on the pool the pool
haha
raising it up friend
maybe to sit minute jacuzzi
Oh back straight in a hydro hydro
massage are you enjoying your first
hydro massage experience look at your
hands back enough sugar awake where's my
baby won't you go make a separate again
yeah don't get lucky
face funny glory and friends so my mom
and Jonathan and Amelia her in the pool
and I'm on I are painting your nails
I brought supplies that's all I could do
that while I do my back because I've
been sunning my back at all and it's so
white compared to the rest of quite like
the front of my body so oh maybe I took
her hat off
oh so I did
what is this Ally using joy as ally yes
honey and then emited Cara which I had
on my nails before very nice
look at the me Mia when I got you know
cute Mia Mia hi
so we just got back from the pool look
the laundry is like in a little like
laundry basket it's so cute it's all
like fold it up and done that's so cool
I have clothes again isn't that so cute
he gave me the laundry basket you doing
laundry friend what are you gonna do hey
you causing mayhem
no I have been instructed not to let you
at the pile of freshly clean clothes my
marvel probably murder me and you too
Oh who's this beauty I see before me I
love that dress
did you change her nappy though oh I
just I read the instructions and it said
put on breath he didn't specify anything
about changing nappies I wasn't here Oh
Harrison I don't need it family photo
sorry my friends so we just filmed our
outfits of the day my epic outfit of the
day yeah it was like ninja outfit today
whilst doing an Irish jig three days in
a million's are like pulling my hair in
the middle of it like not when I was
doing my bit with her but when I was
actually filming John
sure like pulling my hair and I was
trying so hard not to scream out because
it really hurt
Mina's eating a little teddy bear so we
came to what is his home
the main bar and : oh I think it's one
of the main like bars or cafe places in
the main square that's where intro is oh
yeah so weird
yeah and it's like a photos okay that
can you even get like I don't even have
to say it
Johnson da hai comic well like it's
obvious and then I got coca-cola light
quarterly and Amelia I got a 30 by are
crisp chip thingy oh there's a teddy
bear head a little baguette or a
baguette oui fur to finish Ramanathan I
don't want to give her too many
because she doesn't really get those
kind of like salty things at home right
so Anna's mom
that place just over there alright we're
over here and we're text messaging each
other discussing what snacks right we
got we got a selection of peanuts and
mix comedians dinner party tricks hi
party trigger
though poor J gap my numbers a up
let's eat that's how you know it I think
basically everywhere sells the same like
the same like awning and tastes same
pretty much everywhere coke light tastes
the same pretty much everywhere so what
you really want to know is like what
what is the difference
snacks snacks and supplies at the
relative happen object
really
you and Emilia my favorite two allies
so much means that song misses
Oh like I just like just came over and
gave her a nice cruise the guy worked
here wasn't just some random change
roses three pence but it's headed like
she will he doesn't like it here look
you're gonna feel odd you get some ice
cream you have any time of your life
friends
so we're sitting down there and there's
something going on over here
so I said you know what we're just going
to wander over here and see what the
hell is actually going on look at this
Little Miss here with your ice creams
all to herself ice cream cone huh
you are so spoiled so that's like the
most ice cream she's probably ever had
oh my god
and I mean it was just like a small
scoop but for a baby that is so cool the
waiter guy obviously he just looked over
and he just brought it over yeah so cool
ah the crazy Buster's comments and
everybody's jumping Millie after me
o-over this is the steady one let me
release that one for you now you can go
to up this is a calming is excited hey
said pretty certain that why even give
you something will you show you dessert
here you come stay cool stay close
oh my god Peppa Peppa Pig
no Amelia look here
well
that's it huh we got that book don't let
go
Hydra huh yeah look at her Peppa Pig she
can't even really see it though yeah
yeah face
oh my god I guess this is nuts these
guys holy moley the cannolis
crying sparkly things drawn in by the
sparkles
please step hair is
look at the amount of
it just it's never-ending she's like
what the hell
type of thing he's just wandering beside
me this is all too much guys
alright say goodnight it's all too much
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joely and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
