are you ready to see the most awesome
thing you've ever seen in your life Jeff
is that hahaha
morning my ghost bleeding standee chop
on me no piccolo so we decided to take
the hit and get the laundry done
we box down below and you're gonna
collect everything huh
we did like we got a full week at
acceptable broad you know which is good
cause we never have done two weeks
before her yeah yeah
Margie's the craziness begins facial
hair i'm going to be white all under
here good morning once more my little
friendly as friend hey hey hey where you
going are you going are you going are
you going don't jump off the cliff oh
you just you just help me my clothes
there
yeah oh great you just want you want to
get that thanks appreciate that
I mean it's busy doing laundry you just
want to start there for me just try out
the colors okay
the good ones against the bat Oh so
everything oh no it's gone back in this
panel Oh okay this you're very busy
we're asleep for ages well someone wants
us to pray just be feel better I don't
know what kind of luck I have this
holiday I like I'm one of those people
that never got sick on holiday I hardly
ever get sick in general but for some
reason I don't know why it's like it's
so weird it's like I got that cold thing
and then me I think God as well but it
was like a crazy like 24-hour flu type
cold in the I have no idea and then it's
gone Oh lizard now it's gone
no stuff and now yesterday I just got
like I
was it food poisoning though because
like my mom still thinks it was the
parapet I don't know I just don't know
if that would put on this long like I
feel like it's food poisoning I've
really bad diarrhea I had to wake up
late last night but Roenick diarrhea
which is so lovely huh
and oh it's just horrible and then my
stomach just custody like the week but
then you know what's really annoying is
that like so I actually have a really
strong stock um so I don't know cuz like
when sister was like Gavin if it was
food poisoning would you be going off I
think I just have a really strong look
like I can make myself not throw up that
make sense like I can hold it together
and I will do anything to not get sick
um that's just what I'm like it I was
saying when I was pregnant and I was
getting morning sickness because as
which they felt nauseous and I thought I
was gonna throw up I always just like no
I'm not going to and it never did so we
decided to come back today Jenna papito
didn't get natural buffalo mozzarella
hmm where's that gone
yeah unity it's like when you go I like
the challenge
all right boys Tina what are you doing
why is your phone on the table why is
your phone on the table also we have
called teachers sort of Italian Finland
too with his weight grandparents and for
association like sherry tamales oh we do
the Kalamata pasta which is arranged
around shape pasta cook for many hours
in tomato sauce with baby squids because
it produces a really tight here roast
lamb shank roast in do when come with
baked goodies Oh for the grill we do the
fillet of buffalo grilled and come with
potato salad salad seed line come with
porcini mushroom on top of rocket salad
on side also the Buffalo Oh fresh large
t-bone steak or puffer
so this is what we came here for last
night and again like meat and stuff
because this is one of the luncheon this
is what I've been waiting for mmm
mozzarella yeah and I got a tuna shoosh
get more of the soup the special soup
this is so good so good friend would eat
my watch watch yourself oh no roundabout
way worse in for the taxi to try and get
straight back to the hotel because I am
a doctor
these people are very nice here to give
a water they said they'd call it happy
horse
mommy on your jobs in the hotel trying
to sort a next thing they're going to do
a blood test or something I think it's a
low humidity or high heat said so
hopefully that's all it is you know you
okay no you're not I don't want you to
say are you okay in these situations you
know we'll be upstairs with a Jack of
the air conditioning all right so we're
back in the room they check your blood
pressure in the back like and they got
some guys to come in and it was like
incredibly low she was like oh my god
I'm sick super low so she they know and
then we'll check in like an hour to and
it's still really bad
we'll definitely call the doctor or go
to a hospital hmm
I feel my brain is gone we did it guys
it's back yes hmm the stress the stress
ah double all day
look she spoke up look she spoke up
hi I'm here Oh baby's waking up is the
best hi so I just took a really long nap
and I finally feel better I woke several
times during enough careful
I woke several times like feeling still
feeling really sick um and then finally
that this what happens though like when
I feel like this and then I go to bed or
I take a nap something attention-seeker
yeah I go to bed and then I still feel
sick I still just like you know I wake
up and I still feels like if I roll over
this like woah that way and then finally
after a few hours whatever the magical
time is a wake up and I don't feel sick
anymore but then I'm nervous that if we
go back into town that is gonna start up
again so I just don't know it's really
scary yeah you're such a good girl huh
did you miss me did you miss me so I'm
really sorry sighs what this happened
like I feel so bad
but um cuz usually haven't I've never
been sick on a holiday like this I don't
think before and it sucks cuz I wanted
to do so many things but then this
happens and it's like oh and that place
that we were at for lunch was so good
and I knew I couldn't eat it I was just
looking at my plate like almost in tears
like I can't eat this and it's so good
Oh
mine how long guys have I been alive at
the Buffalo eat oh right we go there I
get it Treach about Sorella I'm like
half into your first and when I was like
and I not not be mean I love you enough
that's why we left fries I don't
oh my god I had to leave by play-doh
Jack said and I knew that but then at
the same time I was like I might
actually get sick all over this table or
like collapse or something you know and
then everyone in the restaurant
ah oh we need to go back there friend
everyone in the restaurant was like
staring cuz I was like the hobble do
freak it was deep inside sleeping the
bench outside hey we were all so GD yeah
I have to God my way to make my field
I'm such a douche I felt like poo over I
was their friend you made me walk like a
mile I fixed everything I essentially
saved this family me and while I was at
mister handed me what I was that I
renamed
Channel what you guys think I was just I
was stuck in a hotel room so I was
fiddling with Google Plus make it sound
like you called it like I don't know
whether gentlemen like the name saucony
Joyce under 50 V so I was like well it's
been three years about fifteen hundred
videos I think I think I'm going to
stick with this blogging thing it's so
much she called it down to go to had to
set up a Google+ page follow it or like
it or google it
whatever you do what else dress how do
we check my blood pressure again oh I
can do March
get ahead of me wall here so fast you're
so fast
no no no oh you standing on my head
kita here I go Teeter son locked in the
bathroom getting ready because um I hate
straightening or like curling like using
hot tools with Amina and I just think
it's so dangerous and I'm always afraid
she's gonna like pull the cord and she
was in here with me or actually because
she's like obsessive me at the moment
she's like really clingy although she is
better than she was in the beginning but
she's always like she wants to be around
me which is nice I love it but then at
the same time sometimes when you need to
get stuff done it's like how is she just
stay with her attack but now she's with
her dad and she's okay cuz I gave her
the few cheat bike with the little
angels on she seems to love she just
think they're her friends but anyways I
feel like I'm going to my depth or my
wedding or something so I've got this
and it's sparkling water but looks like
champagne and I've got it here then I'm
like curling my hair and stuff I know it
just to me this seems like getting ready
for what we're never tell is all I don't
know but anyways um even though I feel
when I feel better now but you know I
had kind of a sick day I'm still trying
to curl my hair because I just want to I
do these things like like on the day
that I got sick when I got the flu bug
thingy I like did my makeup I'm actually
I'm probably a lot darker than I usually
do just just to make myself feel better
but that's what I do between myself feel
better right there do my hair
my makeup I don't know does anybody else
do that they're your new best friends
I keep your new best friends okay so for
Christmas what do you want a mom wants a
pair of Florentina jeans and you can
have a foreign team bag
well you reckon am I saying it right
floor own what what's it called n what
your Ruchi Oh sketch sketch there's no
one in there there's nothing going on in
there
let's just go do the Messier for
yourself wait going where you go oh then
work out well ah that's the help
I feel way better ow
feel better now I'm finished
oh okay so the kick cats what we're
taking us wait
hiccups I need to know oh um it wasn't
me was that I is the spider to the fly
Hey oh my god almost tripped over my
flip flops need to figure out what to
wear
did you nearly flip over your flop
what oh so we were just over no TV and
put the key down of the room and we just
left this okay white Levi he's compared
to the rest away one we just like to get
it right there to reception back up
again
oh yeah does he keep right there oh no
so I'm out of my dog summer body
I knew this going to happen and Jonathan
remember seeing it somewhere in a
different pharmacy but we care it was at
the beginning of the holidays I remember
so I'm trying to figure out what I
should get instead closely man has
probably made a rational decision here
what's the rational thing given that by
all three through this one um it's
actually it's a gradual self chapter
that's exact same body firming rough
ever good you're gonna do one that's a
big Brando and then piss Ben
go online tonight and then there's this
which gives you like a hint of self
tanner all right oh it's protection yeah
it's actually tanning lotion and then
this is for app that my mom and your
sister taught this this doesn't have any
Talent
what is the sparkle so look at this
toning shower gel so if I start using
this I'm gonna look like that guy yeah
is that what I want it without me
telling me I'll buy it I'll do it
camellia stickies hey Tao we were so
close to staying at this hotel so close
but it didn't happen
does it look like it's good yeah whoo I
just don't know how we would even get up
oh yeah
it's a plane gonna happen when you have
a kid you make decisions you go to pay
she read it I thought that was really
nice and you see all the stairs you're
like 40 that's not happening yeah you
know too windy stairs you having a fun
time yeah I love this little spot here
you know right at the look at point
thing I like one of my favorite things
to do before dinners had to come here I
know just sort of like chillax chillax
you know I have a few Jager bombs make
it tonight ready so it's just
wait her daddy's on to get away from the
ATM she got some little chip stick
thingies
I got a Diet Coke because I think my
blood sugar and all that kind of stuff
hello
and Jonathan got a Heineken but mentor
tainment she likes the music huh
I'm always - getting to take out money
like we're at home I used cars for
everything I don't never ever have any
cash anywhere here in so many little
places they're like the only one cashed
it in one cards and stuff looks like I
always forget it
always forgets oh yeah so I had the rock
drive find an ATM machine that one's
good but it's closed I think we're under
attack
see anything you get my watch
oh my God look at this view
I'm so epic isn't it I would love to her
house imagine having your house and then
like a glass house out by the glass I
lose this view
if you have this view and Wright said to
me
we're dead here oh yes don't have
walking I've always wanted to go inside
this blue we're just always martyrs
Oh
cool
this place is so cool of it isn't it
it's like it's just like a garden of
like a matter or something like that if
you have a garden like this we want
something to make you look at my hiny
yeah I know the blue light place yes
this way it's really nice I love the
coffee yeah yeah no it just seems like a
garden party I got a wedding of a garden
party or something Oh keep top of the
day nice huh what's this friend
yum yum Vince McMahon of their staple
hmm peppa pig is named hmm
amelia is friend is friendliest friend
hmm no I mean what I kiss baby I do
whoa and because are you ready to see
the most awesome thing you've ever seen
in your life
check this out
ha ha ha Kunis - yeah no no yeah she's
so funny looking
Scott tomorrow features oh my goodness
Oh is epic oh the night routine has
begun oh-oh-oh-oh buddy was a young man
Harmon Oh Amelia says hands on yours
Amelia says hiccup Amelia says engineers
look these are the letters that we have
and Amelia I think it's seasonal listen
here's one
yeah these are actual letter this is a
shop we bought Amelia's name what your
name here friend you remember that yeah
he's such a cool shop like down stuff
we need to buy her something else here
no for nah I forgot all the names my god
we get all the dogs names made up oh my
god that was so cool do you think Brandi
you love it
Pinnochio that's one of these signing
book things right sort of if anyone
finds this all right look I'll write it
up here see
Oh any day Oh
you find an Instagram me a picture of
this new be epic you have to find our
pay 200 pages run in sorrento in the
tokyo tokyo shop if you're in sorrento
look for it this is some gelato place
she's a really really famous or whatever
and Emma came down here just to get the
mascarpone one but I can still there but
I got the lemon wears out oh yeah
you havin a nice bath time you have a
nice bath time hey hey he was a mate
make your friends friends you smudged
your friends mm-hmm see many friends see
you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
