ah sorry back tablecloth scusi scusi
scusi at tablecloth porfavor
watch out for the bridge hotel good job
lights out spy it's out if you would
even talk to him busted eyes it's the
blog oh and about you haven't even seen
yet watch yes oh goodness me haha pretty
sexy oh you should totally better hair
great he do that's just you're gonna oh
my god when you're gonna be like an old
lady very hot score new sing oh it's not
just your hair that got older ha ha we
go downstairs hey girl giant fingers
I got it friend I got the last one saw
it on my way athletic you know what
Jonathan would like that and you know
what he did he uh made half I was if
Amelia hatee hatee screwed man you're
useless antenna enemy yeah all right no
she didn't all over no I do you were not
even any of it so it's like you know
what I'm not gonna let this go to waste
and the time I almost lost my life and
they're gonna get it there was a brawl
that was a promise there's a run for hey
it was like what something Black Friday
or something yes it is I was like wait
next door I can't even open sued or
quasi-public woman we've gotten here all
the waiters have given her like extra
attention window
we start paying for whatever village go
so well
yeah now if people don't like it the way
turkeys over and put Stan something look
straight out of them interesting until
he gives their attention it's stolen
cars like last night and yeah there was
a bar right beside where these two
American girls ever sit there and
immediately turn yourself fully around
and they were in the middle of a
conversation you showed it I think I'm
the flower we get to interruption oh
yeah in the middle of a conversation
she's looking for executives like yeah
until they like turn around they're
talking so we're trying to book girls
because we totes pot what what so trying
to find a nice Oh Kevin don't go do they
don't come come come good day but once
you're in you think you can go and
stealing shoes do you think your tea or
something do you think your teeth or huh
ohad we're gonna Puleo we're gonna
Pouliot Coolio yeah let's go that's I
can just drive this thing hey hey you
oh sit roll please zero where are you
where are you where you fancy being sued
oh whoa
knee it's a polka dot bikini what's a
bikini I'm running late again because I
was uploading my video just went in life
so that's good the intent is so crazy
sometimes it's like really good and then
other times it's completely crap so I'm
in charge of the water stop
you ready for pool tastic fun so someone
left a comment and said I should cut
these little things the plastic thing up
here I read it and I wasn't going greedy
so I cut it up it's actually a lot more
comfortable huh
look Minami they have the same feet the
same cartilage
Carlito's unite if colleague you have
curry puffs are you like one of those
straight footed people who'd you meet no
straightforward person imagine that
immediate I've been straight feet I just
would not be fun at all with it
and white birds with this
let's see where there
meaning I went straight in
and she's wearing a little purple since
- thank you
she didn't even scream this time
almost coming over
could it be as she took a lot before the
camera so she's probably in a better
mood
Emilia Emilia hi hi hi oh you look so
cute
we're the acrobatic scheme I would put
my nose oh right take a picture yeah may
or may not lose the camera this is a
water performance though
let's hope it's of ice hi friend bye are
you going
we should Gaffney pick up at I must go
look for a waterproof phone okay this is
way more fun okay we'll photos and how
could you go see another fascism huh
what's he doing hey you getting a tan
friend
that's probably up
this is so much fun
I'm so happy like they tree like this
time she's our this is day four or five
I will be being here a week oh you're a
week well yeah no yeah we came three but
we did not where we didn't come today
but we can't leave you go another week
and really of this time she goes home
she'll be deep-sea diver alright quick
change and then a bit of lunch and then
back to the pool like I put on my my
sexy shirt isn't my sexy undershorts oh
yeah
what mechanical change gym quick change
we were now know be here clean bride so
I just got this
I can't see your face at all
she liked doing it you got it yeah
did you like that her eyes are watering
get excite
did you like it
oh good girl she's insane
neck's is not gonna want her water I
think no sugar anything it's the same
here is sleep
ah yo got mail she was like putting down
pieces of melon and tomatoes interment
what the hell was going like
good girl she got her Tomatoes did you
have some egg some bread and butter some
butter and some melon good these
destroyed we had her to a salon what do
you have a pool ready how all right
yeah I can use floating around I'm
kicking your legs huh I'm gonna turn
your life definitely went out we go back
gardening and shopping this weekend it
has a pool there yeah you know before we
didn't we do that look at me she loves
to wear anything but it'll be warm water
monte colburn oh my god he's under the
hijack oh he's doing what the dog scared
to him at home oh my God look at me yeah
what are you trying well
like zombies
it's ken creepy he's really close to me
oh my god don't be alone see how close I
am 28
he's right here he's under
we'll get a bit of peace oh my god
chicken there's another one Hey
see she's licking from now there he is
Segretti
brother
Krissy yeah
ah
you have a maid full of fruit you have a
live full of to look at you oh so we
were just about to head out and the vlog
just went liars we were just going to
share and stuff and like 25 minutes
after went life it said that it had been
taken down for being inappropriate I
don't understand it was just us going to
Capri loads of people are tweeting me
like yeah it's probably inappropriate
because it's too much cuteness it's just
annoying cuz I don't know how long it's
going to take to resolve it and being on
holiday it's like Jonathan has the whole
system dead packed like he has like the
schedule and like you know he uploads
everything in schedules and stuff and we
don't usually talk about that end of it
because it's kind of boring for you guys
but like a lot of work and effort goes
into like uploading our videos and
editing and you know whatever so it's
just annoying because when you're away
the schedule part is like so important
because that's how you know even though
we're here in Italy in Sorrento you guys
are still getting videos and he's asked
them to upload at night because the
Wi-Fi is always crappy here and it's
just like so much ever it goes into it
and then for that to happen it kind of
messes up our whole like routine and our
whole day so that's crop I hope it comes
back I don't know why it would have been
like inappropriate or anything hopefully
it is just a glitch and it's just a
mistake but um yeah fingers crossed
they'll get it look I get it back
I'm literally on a hunger strike until
this gets sorted because this is like
pretty much the only internet hotspot we
have in Sorento so when I leave here and
if it's not sorted I'll have actually no
idea if they got it sorted or not I got
onto our network and she said that she
emailed YouTube as well to try and get
it sorted quicker it's annoying because
it's a Saturday night or I don't know
what time it is in them wherever you
Joyce you cheap who knows so I'm really
sorry if any of any you guys are like
you know excited watch the show like you
know I try and put the show up at 6
o'clock every single day consistently
because I wanted to make it like it you
know a consistent points you can depend
on the fruit TV every day we've done
about three years just are we are we
sorry that this happened
um so annoying isn't it I hope I hope I
hope faced you know soon shall we go out
and get seppuku you look at Hamilton oh
they're all right we need to get here
although we packed enough pose you would
think we pack enough clothes but no
we're kind of 12 it's a need to hook up
at a longer service but for tonight we
need to hook up Amelia a vest and every
place I know the baby shop is the one up
here it's like that's super like
designer II Ralph Lauren shop but I said
not to get into the restroom there well
we got the nappy sweater look at this
it's a chemist that sells pasta just in
case you need pasta while you're while
you're buying this before hey you know
sometimes really cameras do you think
dammit I forgot the five fish fingers in
frozen food boom
sorted
did you see that I'm gonna Anna's having
the worst time ever she's like sick
again
but this time it's like I don't know
what he's like it actually feels like
getting sick though you know Emily's
dinner think jump money - no you stop
really
but anyway so it's like just one or two
things it could be it could be food
poisoning or you know when you're
welcome to like a huge kind of people
wouldn't it be cool if like everyone had
to wear like a jacket and the jacket was
like brake lights or indicators you know
you want to like a massive credit people
and someone just like decides stop we're
all I got cheese pileup you know doing a
brake lights like apply the brake and a
brake light up there are indicators oh
that person's turning you know who's
happy who has their bread huh you have
your bread
that was nice enough so I must ask you
add the weight of that sick what do you
say you made you a mushroom soup was it
with all of what or something
I always acted like we have make the
medicine Mediterranean medicine knew
getting you Palmer the weenies oh thanks
for sharing oh my goodness Amelia what
do you think it is uh-huh
she's gonna be spoiled when we get home
like we're gonna have to like so much
food huh
we're gonna she's gonna be accustomed to
that now oh he get home we're gonna put
that up like yeah between you and breaks
into my face I got some pork rib thingy
bobbins and I got her special soup
feel better
good that good
Oh - party piece that free back ah sorry
back tablecloth scusi scusi scusi a
tablecloth porfavor - on this right oh
my god oh look
does anyone live here we comment if you
live in any of these places even all
these places are jeepers look she can't
see me in here you don't know I'm here
oh my goodness
look she's got like a giant head he
can't change it then isn't it a whole
time
Oh area oh yeah that's that's the one
I'll fix your mom beat an edgy it's
funny cuz you just press ENTER and it
was like after the breastfed you felt
better like what you got there friend is
that a chocolate cup is it stuck in your
head is it good thanks gonna be like you
in rate
oh yeah and now some tiramisu to top
that off friend would you do did you
are you gonna do
is just insane num num num num
that was a first for vocalist right
you just changed your hair unlike the
sink thing cuz like the little toilets
were too small and I was like well this
will be fine it's like you can t move
with the first robot this wasn't a
friend look at this this is really cool
look at the two roses coming across I'm
not really cool that wasn't there like
earlier on today I know it's so cool
we're just following this bus home I
feel way better now I don't know what
that water I took the pregnancy test
even though the guy was like don't take
it I was like where I'm taking my car is
a 20 year old test yong-go euros one go
one and I've always be test is negative
but I just think it's I haven't even
like
maybe it's not even
you know would make sense anyways but I
just taught a lot of our son Amalfi or
our daughter Serena or something like
that anyways so I don't think it was
that I think my mom thinks it might have
been TM know what was it the newer
things I took to neurofen today and I
hadn't taken it
really called me I hadn't taken it in
like no I took some yesterday but I
hadn't really been taking it a lot yeah
and that was the only one today that I
took and then he yeah I think because I
didn't eat that much with it maybe it
was too much on my sick daughter and
that's what happened I did miss out you
friend thank la tierra italiano
okay she went to bed love letter do a
sawn-off rebellious sorry
so no grace cannot even fathom hi
ciao kinda stuff so the dog barked
because he was afraid of the camera
that's it actually happen there oh no
and then obviously but if we were like
cautious mcconnell didn't we talk about
our dogs and stuff amelia is used to him
he was like attorney nice to meet other
people that know that yeah yeah oh no
yeah we were all like it's okay to the
dog yeah and it was the dog that got the
fright in the end she is used to working
with what she thought was in her room
yeah
she's talking
so I think we're getting somewhere
auteur video I think all the video came
up you guys yesterday or at least I can
get the bottom of it and then I can
either I don't know like was this a
double video or did the video go up I'm
not really sure but I wanted to network
people there trying to sort of answer
hopefully we get it started out but I'll
see you guys tomorrow
I missed you guys when I got to routine
right the two was usually sit in bed and
be like we bought open I rifles you read
comments you can feel like I'm missing
that now cuz he's like no we read
comments each other and so I feel like
no comments to read tonight so I want
make sure to LIKE this video undefeat
comment I want double the comments from
everybody to leave two comments need 10
comments like I need to need to make up
for the comments and ideas yesterday and
the legs videos friend hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there would be aa
