it's the birthday girl happy birthdays
oh yeah did you like my joke no who's
that
me what was that you good morning and
welcome to this video presentation you
say situation well anyway I know Amelia
it's very important to get this right
now
good morning and welcome to this video
presentation we I'm being dragged away
trying to make a video for you guys
dragged away because I mean yeah need
some Lego made and not only does he mean
elite Lego made do you know that today
6-month birthday oh boy alright so OMA
brought this for the kitties and say
Disney Oh Eric I sorry it's a Disney
Mona set 5 - oh you just made it a media
where's the birthday girl happy birthday
oh yeah no 6 months huh look at you do
you know we have to get a birthday cake
in a candle but half a birthday cake in
half a candle it's a half year a half
year old half light the candle huh he's
also tonight her first night she's been
kicked out she's moving out once this
one moves out you can move in
yes should I stay if rahein the green
blocks I actually quite like making Lego
things in our house we stab these like
puzzles ooh and you'd be like you know a
20,000 piece puzzle but they were just
on the table in the dining room people
just come in and sort of like chip away
at all the time as a family like we'd
all just go in and chip away with all
the time
why are you saying just get to work is
this last chitchat let's chitchat more
like a chat and that's why I chose it
because I know daddy likes a guy maybe
there's like Lego it something we can do
together
yeah and a Blahnik I used to dude let go
of my daddy kinda I suppose my brother
helped I had an older brother he helped
okay are you gonna help mister
you're not my older brother sometimes I
look at you Eduardo right and I think to
myself I am you in the future do you
know that I do sometimes I watch it
while you're doing things and I think oh
my goodness I am Eduardo grown up you
know when I find myself doing things
alright this is this is what it wire
does give me like basically watching my
lights relive itself or something
did you okay let's get down to business
no more no more chitchat
point and shoot
okay
we are feeding Alessia some military
media and you haven't got really got to
do this before because you know rats do
all the time right you good girl you're
gonna do the next one okay you do the
next one okay let me get you this one
really little egg don't put it all the
way in okay
just a teeny no that's fine what you
have to explain cause she likes it yeah
I could grab me a more okay your turn
she likes it better today
now she's proper sucking and then make
sure I'm flow good girls that's cool
ah yep try and get it unlike the roof of
her mouth the top so put it in and then
on top no she's just I think I'm gonna
wait for a little bit better have that
fit we go now everybody needs to form a
queue and sing oh my the goodbye song so
long farewell auf wiedersehen goodbye hi
I can't wait till you come back with
more presents oma give all my hugs
almost going home guys well now let's
now have come the time has come to say
goodbye morning light and guys we're
putting Alessia into Alma's room now No
oh my goodness
hmm let's use the guests right so we're
dropping OMA well I say we I mean I I'm
dropping OMA to the
Airport that camera is not gonna stay
there because I don't have a tripod but
that was sad saying bye Daryl in the end
Eduardo he said especially a media
because she gets really emotional
yeah
I'll be back soon except I love nowhere
to sleep
I know we've established that unless he
is gonna be taking my mama's room which
is good but I think that's I know but I
think it's the best actually my like
really spare but I know I'm just firm I
know yeah no apples yeah I know the dogs
always flavor
it's okay
right so we're and a birthday party
we're about to get our birthday party on
we're gonna squeeze by this tree media
has decorated this with her own little
oh you did she won't worry any - is that
a picture of Rory
yeah very nice picture of him because he
really is a boy and I don't I'm scared
I'm afraid and I'm scared if he doesn't
like pink
I'm sure he'll love it
Barty
we are home from the discotheque oh my
goodness it turned out it was a foam
party at the end I don't need any foam
but we got some extra cake for Eduardo
and some dinosaur masked and marina got
a baby dinosaur let's go inside and see
see what's going on
hello doggies
inside inside what what a welcome home
guys imagine being welcomed home and six
doggies every day well I'm sure I am
Eduardo we got some extra cake and egg
thing for Eduardo a dinosaur mask and
some cake oh well you've had your dinner
Eduardo hasn't had his dinner yet
what well take they put the cake down
doc you of the blue one woo Amelia has
the purple one and then we got some
dinosaur cake what no no no no no when
little Eduardo have his dinner - oh so
Alessia has just started reaching for it
well not just started but like she's
really really trying to reach for it
these little objects thanks Amelia about
the dissection so immediate I had a
pizza at the party okay
there's no point in feeding aguar know
what the actual dinner that we've made
for today we just found this pizza in
the freezer but I think if he sees that
it has pepperoni on it he's not going to
eat it oh that's a good idea
yeah but they were in her face that's a
good idea a media thank you you're
hungry it's coming
mm-hmm she had Apple today Mina she
loved the first fruit that's her first
sweet thing yeah she liked that it's
because at the crack man oh my god I'll
be a long sleep baby grow six to nine
months six to nine months guys it's
happened my cell blue yellow or orange
or kind of normal
I'm normal buddy I'm not normal we've
established that over eight years of
videoing video video eying
right now you heard what the lady asked
for don't let me down people what where
am I
someone actually yeah that's the comment
when I was talking about why we should
put last year to bed and they were like
maybe you should put her here because oh
nine twelve months maybe we should put
her in here because all her stuff is
already in here that was a very good
point my friends that's what we probably
are but I didn't actually build with me
again today because I went to a party
with Amelia and went down for 17 hours
was cool the dance foam party no I think
I found something and it's really cute
9:12 all right yeah okay I got the nine
part oh you should let me down
asada 9009 not excited
do I dare even look in here hmm are only
boys and girls playing nice thing yeah
you're playing with the bath toys just
no splashing is there I got one in the
end huh sighs 15 to 18 year olds cute
huh six months old huh well technically
you're not six months yeah cause you
were born what 2:00 in the morning or
something wasn't it always tune the
morning last night oh oh okay 2:00 in
the morning would actually be the next
day if it's 2:00 in the morning you'll
be like yeah I figured
