hello friend hi friend
Hey mmm so for Anna woke up this morning
feeling horrible and she has aa hay
fever or something I think I just broke
my leg
huh poor mommy the medicine is Amelia
take it gone viral viral kymaro pizza i
got viral infections mm-hmm yep really
good though for a sick person Mitch was
close
25 from our thankful
hmm like Windows connect to my friend so
leave nice comments support what Amy's
so mean II always does this every time
we get to here of our room she gets so
excited
do I even wonder because she knows we're
pointing you enjoying their friend you
going every up he dropped it in which
excitement this morning is so sick
what's your shoulder and on wheat I look
at it I put a pineapple on the top of
the free talent changing the world one
pineapple in their time my purchase
oh okay you need anything else no we're
good
poor Hana I decided I went that rising I
got her to write em a text message to me
of all the different words in Italian so
I can ask pharmacist to try and get her
something it sounds more like exams much
like hay fever sounds like allergic
reaction to something you know like a
swollen throat and so forth so much I
added histamine our savvy ADC no symptom
are into him and to ends up so I feel
worse than before
I think I might have had an allergic
reaction to something cuz like
everything is blocked like I can't even
talk laughing it's not funny
um so like it's all blocked in my nose
and then um in my throat as well like I
can't feel like I have breathe properly
it's really weird and last night I had
like a bunch of sneezing on the way home
so that's why I thought it was hay fever
and I still do you think it's some kind
of allergy but I just don't know what it
is so I can't breathe so Jonathan went
to the chemist to get me something cuz I
don't know I don't think I could make it
if I went air right now I think it would
just collapse because I even feel like
fluey like sometimes I just get chills
and stop and I just need to be like
under the covers it's really weird so
Eric I came to help look after Amelia
which is really nice of her and uh
Amelia has face like lit up which hurts
when she came into the room she was like
she started crawling over she loves
okay so much she looks like the little
did dad not close your best well if your
PJs anyway does buddy feel a little big
small problems ever even though the work
pharmacy or chemistry he is so concerned
just wandering around hoping something
jumped at the International and
universal word for pharmacy horrified
cities and she's hay fever mmm-hmm do
you have something okay hopefully
running up we got this here which I
think this is just a zero tech you're
gonna go on issues in garden but settles
antihistamine itself so hopefully what
are you doing I'm so see me you wanna go
see me through me oh yeah
fo-shizzle I'm not really they don't
really go that huh huh ha ha we're
bringing the boat we're gonna bring the
boat folks oh just like string to my arm
or something
this cameras right heavy doctor
alright we're bringing the boat
familiarize yourself with it I need you
to read all of this Amelia before you
embark on your adventure huh which one
you start know him poke the Polish
polish I'm goodness ly austere Z easy
and foe tackle D fly wanna o brilliance
the old play wanna you give it a go go
on read it read the second line this one
there 9mm need me needs that begs bf
Blair first but I can't do a better job
to me or new Tony yeah them science Kiki
let's go off to the pool even move
Julio Coolio McKenna forgot her pants
and I'm wearing underpants
uh oh sorry scusi scusi from Erika dizzy
uh maybe so much to press a button wait
were you one monkey Oh older than the
bottom first
no he'll rid of a nun breathitt me hey
me too nice huh huh lovely young lady
your man's on and then we'll get the
boat the ring for a minute I'm asleep
ah he's here oh poor little thing she
fell asleep why we're trying to save my
turn to water and Chevy I'm at lunch is
glistening blue you try again later
so everyone else is planning on Sun
cream Eric is putting on this intense
yeah apparently this like draws the Sun
to you it's like olive oil olive oil
Eric is like cooking herself there you
go
I wonder went up with months would you
feel better reading a German magazine in
Italy
make sure he's awake huh Juke
good girl
are you swimming so cute hey you go okay
bye
I got one right Tim well no I can go
this is such a cool little device
tomorrow should be deep-sea diving here
every day we've made a big step forward
always I can put you guys in the need
water what you want me you wanted no I
didn't get a plate what what a judo but
this I feel like a total downer group I
don't want to leave things are the bad
hotel today I don't think I can let
supposed to be what I ate what stones
childhood
you showed me a box of counters what a
way yeah just like boxes and tablets
it's like sucks because I wanted to show
you guys all the places you guys on this
holiday are different places we're
having the buffeted here tonight so I
know we're not even here
I just don't think I can leave the hotel
or the day I just feel like I have the
flu what is this
what is going on so we're going to get
lunch you know how whenever ever you
know calorie friend but how we picture
oh it's eat our sorrow away you want one
you want that excited
now
and you did acute it
yeah oh I got the mozzarella and rocket
pizza again or the parmesan and rocket
pizza with a mozzarella base look what
you got friend huh I bet you got bigger
than well friend she does she knows what
is you guys what's that what is there
your little chancer huh only good is you
I've got a tomato beard even smarter bed
no or mommy or mommy so I'm gonna take a
media meeting myself and I hear up the
camera huh I just got a part in a
stroller put the black net over it
she'll probably fall asleep I'm will
just go under around mmm where we go
where we go friend huh really really I
love your tomato seeds I love your
tomato seeds what would the media is
dead you stupid ruler don't do that
don't do that don't steal that you are
always dear oh my so screwed give give
give to turn out our daddy-daughter day
we got a helper heretic came along for
moral support
wait a second this ramp and
we know it's seared around pets I'd love
to go outside and around we're new here
amateurs how much are embers in Erica's
hair crazy long I could it she's that's
what I always says about driving and
blogging
although driving a car blocking is
fairly easy driving a stroller blogging
is very complicated so we're trying to
find the ingredients to make our cotton
ball cake - hmm
Chase is saying her little hush a little
camp's life cause it's super sunny so
you can't use pads cannot make balls at
in pants
oh yeah
I didn't think I mattered I thought you
could just use anything that was cotton
like let's continue to look and see if
you can find oh that will that work okay
let's continue looking see if we can
find it out of here anyway
so we got we did not get the cotton
balls we did get the aloe vera how's
that
erica is he trash or maybe secretion
sunbeds in olive oil one hurt each other
look here's all the party stuff look
they might have to flip plates and
spoons and stuff check this out look
pinkish champagne Hello Kitty pink Hello
Kitty champagne easy work now I just
feel like I have a cold I don't know
absolutely at all anymore
so we're at the buffet get eat
everything you've ever seen in your life
anything we ever want to eat in your
life is about to happen
are you ready French we should have like
loads at trial like loads of stuff back
here in France this is the a buffet
thing look at the amount of food here it
is insane I don't even know what to get
whoa I mean you understand what I think
it was the zucchini flower make sure he
likes the zucchini flower
he's needing everything yeah look she
keeps going for the zucchini we know
reishi Ichi I didn't eat one thing and
picking them using the same things but
yeah like every every bite is like you
like that your big matches your bow
she's got everything there prosciutto
zucchini patties day mozzarella
she had carrots she was too even the
camera phone yeah oh yeah she did she
pick up the carrot and
yes I think tons of stuff viki's now all
right panting back in the actual main
course even though we'll probably like
super full after all of this can you put
like a bit of the chicken and the beef
and stuff whatever yeah we try it all
messy Oh
oh yeah okay fella Thanks everyone's run
enough to get dessert it's like the
dessert place is like selling that right
oh my god I feel really good I mean it's
saying you're just like trying every
piece of food is how you trying
everything I think if it is gonna sleep
well tonight what's that thing you got
there is it a pineapple or a macaroon
alone you think breaking apart huh it's
all a night then that is I just just
fill the plane up just get everything
right just come back with stacks are
like get shot you finished so this is
what we have for dessert I got some fur
Jonathan - chocolate cake you mean you
need a kiss - do you want a plate
actually I have a plate
don't don't don't don't tell everything
yeah
what is this renting lemony
what's the best thing here we'll go with
that money
parties good tiramisu food ah well
what's that why don't ya okay what are
these things
hmm no
okay and put it over take these things
chuckling we'll go that go that okay I
think that's probably enough oh you know
what I'll make it a little free thing
for her got my own plate but I got a
media look we got you so this is my plan
when a little buffet and you eat a
million cake yourself
Trish take one slice okay
follow it up with piece of proof you
just notified calories job there you go
sweetie here
she's developing such a little character
and she's like a little cat not only
like a no master you mean like a messy
like your dad hi
but what but
what are you gonna do huh whiny
girlfriend I would say that was an epic
experience we had so much food and cakes
and drinks that I can adjust lie down
and digest where's my goal and you need
a bath young lady hmm
you need a bad time friendliest
friendliest friend Oh mom stripping
behind you oh she's not in fact she was
driven we thought there was a strip show
you get Erica's phone she's so excited
because Eric is here for a hair tutorial
Erica Amelia is making international
calls in your mall while Oh No who you
callin you calling you answer the phone
in the bathroom Millie oh I didn't
I've got usage in your CDs now so here's
my OTD for tonight like this top except
it's like we're selling designing and
abundance I call these all the shipwreck
tacos and Alan
correct seconds already and then their
French Connection
which I just got sprayed all over I feel
like not tired at all because I slept
most of the day I saved you
well I fixed every kiss make you better
really annoying because I feel like I
still feel sick you don't like I feel
like I have to worsen holiday yeah yeah
anyway so turn trick more water but
Erica came up for a room for I wanted to
curl her hair good um her hair so lovely
and long it it's really long you
enjoying this she's laughing yeah yeah
did you like the air one mmm see her
looking onto your Deb's or something
thank you friend mmm hi sleepy friend ah
huh you want to get like your friends go
I see night-night your friends hey
usually make a friends oh whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa what's going on hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
