it's just lemon right Minya you like
that energy expected to be so cold
winning friend morning friend
good morning friend huh good to get
where we are
for having strawberry Jones today she
loves that kind of clearly to actually
the table together that's never happened
before
yeah mine house I want to try this
homemade marmalade sometime I keep
forgetting to give that true media where
do you go no I got her some water oh my
god I think I'm just gonna leave you
alone it's embarrassing I don't want to
be seen with you so we are back out on
the hunt for nappy nose we have none now
we're down to the last one the last one
is placed on the baby so we're hoping
hold it together Amelia there's a
supermarket up here Moses and he closed
last night so Tess goes up here
Tesco Italiano so because it was such a
quick this was such a quick kind of
excursion I don't have sunscreen on the
media yet cuz she's in her she's in her
jim-jams so we're putting on the what is
this called people were asking me I
would look I know don't be sad just
cause her little piggies we go
and what sizes are we going for well
it's the only one there yeah sure go
grab the second one no I was joking look
the reason I said come on that's it sake
there's no baby
the Italian maybe she's not feed or
something how does it work
look at these things you picked up Hello
Kitty there are mines what what like
that
well that's honey that we've learnt that
now we can just bring one of these
bottles around just gonna paint your
hair okay like a Jew huh x marks the
spot
Jesus deep
don't keep it really cool in there one
of these days I might try go for a
snooze in there it is cool I get a
little thing has a little a window room
view else your highness
that is off because the esterday we're
in that garden no I knows all the lines
and stuff I bet you monkey goes to be
amazing I do yeah good day somewhere
somewhere Oh score okay folks I was like
I said like it's like the mint leaves
and I'm so fresh you know
hallo friend
okay
my friend give a nice news oh you get
enough I got you a mojito Amelia you got
here friend let's try this place
it's ranked a mojito hmm when you're
done the toys are in my queue we're
getting the armbands on that seems to do
after you have them with you doubt it's
to bring your daughter something yeah
ladies don't take it off yes get a cutie
give this me the dinosaur him good girl
No
it's okay
mmm-hmm good girl me Mia look at you
yeah
we still came
yeah good girl the ring yeah I could try
the ring tomorrow she likes that one
oh my God look at her she's like asleep
do it again the spinner in
look at her she's got our ice
hi guys email is the camera there's a
chance to lose the camera yeah you see
you soon
it's so good like day three and she's
already in here like this it's so good
trying to get Erica to come up because
Erica is her best friend did you have
more fun oh geez it's a smash splash no
I she's so happy so we just came back to
our room and it's being serviced or that
was serviced yes clean and the maid is
so nice she's always really really cute
with the media and look what she did to
Amelia's bed this a pillow look she gave
her a pillow case maybe she thinks
that's a pillow look at Peppa Pig and
the little like book and then her books
over there if she like that was so cute
that's a little along today
you think they might be in that one yeah
we were supposed to meet them there
quite a while ago I do not see them
I'm just like maybe they went there we
found out they were across from the
thing he thought that's what I had the
other day but that's what it's supposed
to be like so we're heading to bonito
which is been waiting for what
Jonathan's been waiting for it they do
the real Buffalo well I mean everywhere
it does that but maybe were really good
I'm crashing though I'm really really
hungry it's very very hot we're used to
like Matthew this time yeah we're always
we always go straight from the pool or
yeah straight from the pool and then we
get lunch yeah and then we go for a nap
so there's no time for crashing well you
crash later right now I think I'm gonna
oh yeah you already painted was closed
on Tuesdays I think Jonathan is gonna
cry yeah what we just did what we just
win cheap I know and we were like
walking it all the way down here my
mountain calls from place oh that place
is closed Ivy you're a nice one yeah
that's a big knife and fork that's what
I need right now for a big scoop of
gelato swearwords the next plan Erica's
got a plan sleep it looks cute look at
the plan today is it mania yeah fast
asleep all right you can rent apartments
they'll be really cool
welcome get pepper at first your foot is
going crazy
Brad time yeah you've a brand new maid
right you don't wrote that in your foot
grammar back in do you already in you're
out so we're heading back oh look Peppa
Pig we're heading back to our hotel and
Amelia hates you know the cobble stone
cobble so
what she's doing right now great years
and she's got Peppa Pig in one hand for
comfort
she was like this like with both hands
like up like this when they were going
over like yeah and everywhere coming
towards we're nearly there free and then
the two girls from the Roosevelt okay
yesterday yeah so where I got makeup
they were like out of uniform and I
didn't even recognize them but they
recognized her and they're like oh look
where we ended up bikini shopping
the gate cages so if anybody knows what
the sizing is for Italian like underwear
and bikinis and stuff I get so confused
like when I grow into like
yeah my my or what was that called
how's it gonna air
remember and then there's intimacy me
like it's just like I never know what
size I am because they're all organized
in 1 2 3 4 degrees or something yeah
degrees yeah weird and have never been
able to figure it out so it's not like
your cup size but then I went over to
the 3 because I was like ok well 3 look
like the bigger one for the boss price
and I looked at the because it says on
the inside then it gives you the
European size but it was like 38 be like
how is be not like number 3 so if
anybody could help me out also in the
state of
yeah it was a mistake it's too hot in
the middle of the day to be venturing
out like we did for fools I'm trying to
convince to me I'm like I mean it's
about time you pushed me around all
right
do you still have my yeah yeah look just
oh yeah she's doing the thing she's so
funny
yeah is this crazy baby instance Casey
Oh careful careful
Oh tickle daddy yeah there you go like
that you like to beat dad with his
bundle hey whoa whoa whoa careful there
now whoa
so are heading in - we've only tell with
the play with hardly tell ya how to meet
my mom for dinner but I'm dying with a
fever and that's really annoying because
it wasn't even really going on like for
the most part since we came here and
then today
hit like all of a sudden and it's really
really bad going on the trick to it it's
like when you have a baby or a young
baby like Amelia yeah it's not it's like
like I feel so refreshed and relaxed
it's like I have never gotten less sleep
in my life you know yeah it's like kind
of stressful in some ways I mean I'm not
saying that it's not it's way more fun
having our hair off yeah but then at the
same time I don't think you can really
be prepared for it no because it's a
whole different story than going by
yourselves like earlier I wanted to
sleep and she had slept in her stroller
she wasn't tired out of it and I was
dying of hay fever so I was like even
Lisa anyway what her places yeah and
then she was had this like has this
clingy thing with me so like it had to
be me all the time but anyways it's fine
we love her so it's okay we still over
don't have Ireland at all so I'm super
excited
zoom it hit something
this guy has no head lots of love with
his regular have no legs not creepy
recognize friends here my friend friend
here that was the symbol of Amelia
before we knew Familia is Amelia mm-hmm
that's scary hmm it's so cool-looking no
I think look at the ship it's a pirate
ship
maybe this marvelous thing that's right
that's what Eragon last time the granny
brains I decided to get different kind
of brains like cobwebs or something this
is like a latin version actually do you
wanna try some of this media this is
just lemon right Minya you like that
energy expected to you so cold hmm I'm
gonna meet you guys tomorrow fantastic
you like it tomorrow fantastic what
teaching Amelia have to feed me
you don't give me that you're gonna
yeah
Oh
thank God so I just ordered a small
pizza
look at this thing it's like a monster
and their friend you're gonna help me
look at my Irish beer she looks like you
she gets my jokes huh
so I didn't realize it was like an
unending 17 litres of mirrors of math
did you have a term agachi Tamagotchi do
you have one
really I wanted I just kept telling it
so they like overfed it or that or over
a pendant or overplayed writ I just
wasn't very good at it
caramel Archie 11 years
we got a pro here it's like hi my name
is Erica and that's my daughter Amelia I
think this is going to lead us where we
want to go yep oh wait a second bigger
one I want that one now my little
miniature one
what that kid
look at this monster it's too dark so
you can see you got caught by the police
it deported like oh hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
