mom we're not comedian
but yeah no sign of Aviva tonight she's
like all the staff here like you know
they have then it's a plan her name and
stuff you know it's a draw like uh why
do you really what she's always like so
like confused she's like no I mean why
what can I do
what are you having don't drop that now
so this is like one third juice and
two-thirds water so it's just diluted
juice orange juice and then I got the
fruit salad again and I got Amelia
that's effective is patate the little
toasts and some germ she really like to
talk you want some you hungry you know
what I didn't actually realize that you
were supposed to put Sun cream on baby's
head's like I get it for like if it's
completely bald but like Amelia I don't
have hair so yesterday I didn't and I
just was like struggling to keep her hat
on and then um my mom said so I was like
oh I hope her head doesn't get burnt now
she wasn't in the Sun like at all
reading but just when Jonathan brought
her into the water because you know it
reflects off and I was like oh you
shouldn't have her had on the second
time in the because you picked it I was
like oh I would put Sun cream on her
head I was like even her hair and then
somebody else on Facebook I think said
it they were like oh it's fine don't
worry about the Hat just so long as her
head is protected with factor 50 and I
was like oh so I didn't realize that
because I thought like her hair would
just get really greasy and it is greasy
but I guess it's not even real hair to
matter plus my mom brought up a good
point she was like whoa she had the bath
every night so you're just gonna wash it
out anyway I was like oh yeah that's
true Nicky's little shorts oh my
goodness he's goin to anabolic if she
ruined my car look I feel I'm like am I
you weren't like Underpants or something
okay going in and then I always imagine
you behind me I have to buy gas like oh
you're gonna carry the bag okay I think
it looks better
that's short does it no no I don't like
speedos yeah yeah I just feel like short
oh my goodness but I feel like that's
okay cuz like thumbs I know the Vixen
pimentos judge me harshly yeah so uh the
rooftop one is way better
it's a few here so amazing music so nice
this is so much better i friend i friend
in there i friend in there i a little
help
alright you want to come out girl when
you're home me how you can join me will
you bet
what is all what people are we smashes
very successful so you know now is the
lady that we talked to yesterday in the
shock she was like oh they don't
here you're gonna complement I'm gonna
look at you say what's over there oh
yeah okay
she's swimming I'll be would like this
you like the bubbles and try that better
also know that for
she does have middle feet oh my gosh oh
she loves her homeland it's really hard
I shall be easy to press beta so it's
actually kind of hard because when I
take off the bikini like it one of them
doesn't stay in place
it was a hot something like trying to be
decent anyways hello feed and whoops
careful I can still get back yeah it got
kind of cloudy
you can walk away
okay no I know it's so cute wasn't it as
a little Maltese what please be so cute
as a little girl how to Peppa Pig chop
on yeah I know I'm so cute
is that a new little trip trap we got
today huh you can see a trick trap
Pollack and it's not like old TV you
like t OTD trip trap RTG Oh Eddy took up
of the day okay so welcome to trip trip
of the day today I mean just like
plastic born 29 yeah yeah
yep
yep Oh scratch you tonight Oh scratching
your eye Oh sketch a try why are you
scratching your incisor huh I got cha
cha cha cha and and tons of appliques
octopus woo a tart oh my god give me
slack bus oh look at you guys all the
tomatoes in the world
it's lemoncello it's doing is that you
make yeah it's all make production
special we're going familiar listen do
you have a baby one yeah it's a story
yeah
alright let's try
he's good though wow it's really lemony
right you say it'll be a sneak
sneaker
really Erica drink about ten shots
should be legs at walking home now like
it's like let me sugar
one shot what sure you push in a
straight line every time you've argued
like mm-hmm
Oh what's this look at this you drove
off the edge of the KDS not on purpose
what did you do you what's up being me
stop trying to be me
geez I know I know you want to be like
me when you grow up you like Peppa Pig
in Italian huh look you look so
beautiful my matching girls huh you guys
look so beautiful take picture of us as
you will do it anyway yeah yeah we're
gonna do a no tdsn minute yes you look
so cute and you look so beautiful
oh I look gorgeous like I've really
outdone myself I look amazing
I'm emotional when I look at myself you
actually do but I said it to you off
camera
you're so like she never tells me Anglet
egg look good me and I do it all the
time it's just not when you're filming
tell my friends tell my friends so you
find apart
Jonathan's just taking the long way
oops
oopsies oopsies look I mean you liked it
good girls huh it's pepper in the
playground Emma did huh you know
anything hmm what school is he what is
it we saw me yeah I know way too good
that's right Oh what is that thing
grandpa said a train goes to tooth oh
wow Wow really Oh everybody whoa I love
keep the hold on friend
hold on treat ah good girl
and now go seesaw seesaw you got it hmm
she was oh yeah
we have a photo and thank you sitting
there on the turquoise book chef of the
two of us right here knowing Amelia's
room is it mean it's or it's closed up
like yeah yeah yeah it's right here
that's so epic looking isn't it is me
the truth
no but it's near yeah the docks she's
over there
train stations 10 up behind there yeah
yeah so amazing the camera doesn't even
do it justice like Vesuvius Caffrey so
gorgeous
what do you think friend do you think we
need to get dinner before she's policy
yeah I think so too
the air is named that's so amazing
smells makeup as you walk in the door Oh
make crap holy look at this place yeah
there's so much stuff here in there
so bright so I got your lipstick in that
day I bellezza and they were so funny to
do and I just all the staff were just
like doting over me I'll have like pink
uniforms as we used to
yeah yeah so um I got to mystic I got
Revlon cuz Reverend isn't that big in
Ireland like they don't ever have a lot
of Revlon stuff like the counters it
would be small so I got a red one one I
got Rimmel zero three because I heard
that looks good one remote eight Revlon
in the Italian Revlon was like way
bigger than it did Revlon Hey Revlon no
it's called pink kognito executed in
your video it is a nude oh that's funny
is Cognito
um yeah are really cute and I really
want to talk up some joy after remember
I got there is a place you can too right
especially this place are you glad I
remember I saw her dream we've been
abandoned friends so Anna and her mom
everyone went into yeah oh my it's kind
of like I've noticed like the Senza over
here the same kind of thing over there
reporting anything oh I'm stuck here
with this ring yeah my my which is one
of my favorite like underwear
lingerie shops okay fur bikini I think
they're / sizes so I think sorry is like
I'm not really sure I've no idea this is
always what I find the hardest well this
is pretty okay let go in a blue one
sometime in the near future food may be
something that we might do but
unfortunately right now it's not
happening
hmm look at your plate oh yeah what we
should point
hey Jeff would why should somebody Oh
Chris but crazy foot pause crazy foot
engaged crazy for pause crazy for
engaged
so after all that poor Johnson's been
waiting for ages sorry class I I'm just
a starving homeless person I got nothing
I'm sorry nothing hey got a bowl all
right I was trying to find like one size
top versus one size bottom I'm like a
size extra small and bottom and then
like extra julienne on top again are
they I'm going to mix my foods as well
oh my godness turn a hit a walk
oh this is so cool Joe fear me we have a
lot of Wings in here it's so pretty look
thank you well thanks
don't tell Mom that don't see your trip
trapping tonight huh look at this one
another different one today again that's
what I'm saying like instead of an OOTD
a t t OD to temper today oh nice
don't oh no kept it down kept it down so
Erika came up with this challenge idea
okay I can come over oh my goodness so
it's a video basically what you do right
is your fine so anyway you got a couple
of winter game hunting waterfowl in
front of you and you put a bowl on your
head and get a ladle and then you use
the ladle is it to pick up the car walk
and spoon drink hot water you put it in
your head and your feet and your
blindfold and you have is a time thing I
mean it's not anyway leave comments if
you'd like us to do that video and we
should accommodate that and it sounds
like fun me go watch you watch friends
would you like
um this is my favorite I think this is
my favorite actually the Chemeketa thing
apps you can know this restaurant one so
when this is what my favorite thing yeah
a rocket salad she's like this bread he
took the shells of the yeah but your
honor suck them all out Jonathan got
stay yeah some sort of thing I was in a
rocket and then I got the seafood
champion
dessert time ordered in media one scoop
what house vanilla ice cream I got one
dime then got the lemon Federal's that's
what I had mastered last night and then
I got the deletes yeah the lemon sponge
cake so good what's proper
I got a nice week for your son and I was
trying to pull the foot oh no yes and
you have to say folk when you do it
you're to play
goodnight look at it coming over
say yeah just give me guys come back
ready
Oh
oh did you get brain freeze
yes Soto Anna totally messed up here and
like totally forgot to actually get the
nappies even though she was saying that
there were so many nothing in my bag
which which was used in this UK and I
was used in the suitcase - okay time I
wasn't you know sneakers day from like I
take nothing so no secret supply so now
we have when you're two navi's left and
Anna left a too late has elected to a
too late to last minute so now we're
trying to find it so exactly exactly so
now we need to find
campi knows numpy knows which way be
difficult
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
