doing
wakey wakey eggs and Bakey God John I'm
gonna call a party there come on you
have to get up for school yeah Oh means
I know I wanted me that you like for
this globe us oh yeah
you can't just keep turning over who's I
decide you can't just get turnovers I
decide oh you wait to this smile every
morning really I'll uh get some
breakfast
hi
I'm using utter some effectiveness
unconscious that's like filming a toast
and I got some apricot yogurt and you
 I got some Jam and then I'm
having a third salad but joking hit
share and she spoke you are you be
confused don't think of any good night
what's going on what's going on what we
got
what is going on who is making a ruckus
there and here who's making a Russian
reason can I record your mother
excuse me excuse me
security would like me to confirm you
that they wouldn't like a ruckus
in this hotel oh my goodness do not
inflate about I'm glad I did it here
instead of doing it I'm like it's your
uh it's kind of good-looking almost
having finished I think it actually
hairs is like a hat looks like a
sombreros I'm red didn't but making it
can actually oh oh oh no friend like
what the hell huh you like my hat look
and his mom just exit they found her bag
woohoo factor of 50 zillion what do you
reckon I'm factor 50 zillion look at you
you're covered in something you're
covered in something whoo
great for pool time oh my god you just
spray pink it's a baby thing
oh my god it's taken like about two
hours to get ourselves right now after
catch our flight home in two minutes
yeah look at John I'm a cool dad like
he's made this joke like five times and
then the second time who's like Erica
was vlogging him and then it turned out
wasn't recordings and as you were more
all awkward it's like hey I'm look at a
media and her no swimsuit anyways so
yeah but like twelve years later we're
ready oh we probably still forgotten
something but we don't have swim nappies
so I'm like it's her nap you're just
gonna disintegrate well bye dad we
almost made it to do to the hood what
did we forget we forgot your little Jean
hat huh
forget your son huh so almost a man is
done might be good to pick the stuff but
probably forgot a lot of things as well
yeah are you huh cat friend oh don't
touch the metal
Stephanie meeting at the shady spot cuz
we're not ready to hear people son I'm
worried we're all it's a little bit
Shady
yeah there's a little water spot huh
Go Go the waters my friend you take a
picture what mom me yeah
Melia mean here I know I know it's not
food time ready
Annie Amelia media look so cute my king
there you go
I try again
your friend
I just got out a little bit and I've
learned here definitely as to what I
need to learn somehow they I'm so glad I
purchased or she's fast asleep now is it
cold
it's so weird cause usually she loves
water
Oh is she smiling
what's daddy doing
you all pip I doubt she's got a Peppa
Pig suing cos you can see hey she is and
she's got Peppa Pig face cloth after
that's mummy pig peppa pig's in there
we're not wretched underwater people
yeah he close at pickup ooh yeah guys
affected didn't laugh just like like not
a friend yeah
don't break it because it is it does for
three to twelve months everyone trying
to stay on I did it study doing you're
gonna break it it's gonna burst what
it's gonna burst
well done we like his daddy good
you need look at Mina Mina
she says it depends
yeah thank you yeah Amelia you like this
bride I mean I likes the butter anything
with although this is different butter
it's unsalted it's actually really good
so I I got Jonathan to get the because
my phone doesn't work like on the Wi-Fi
unless I put in the codes every time and
everybody else it seems to work like
without like automatically without
putting them in and they're like numbers
hmm so I got nothing to go back up
through three Direction wanted to and I
think he's gonna check with my video
viewing you can see you know are you
doing it here what do you do it here is
it is this the role what do you want
want a vodka or a rum pretty one
Vicki she's so exactly you think fridge
please wearing a cute Ralph Lauren
outfit who is who is does it certainly
isn't me huh
look at you look like a little tennis
player enough that was fun we just
filmed my outfit of the day and each
random in in Olive Garden's we gotta get
to everybody Vegas here whatever like
what are you doing where are you going
let's go friend I wanted to do it more
interesting and have like you know do a
different setting for
different up babies out of there do a
different like location because I didn't
want to only do in the hotel room it's
kind of boring so let me know we're
trying to win every single Dana's
different random place yeah exactly
so we've come all this way to try a
shacka lacka apparently Emma's house is
the biggest greatest way to ingest
coffee in the world what is it again
coffee and ice shaking coffee shaking
I'm gonna ask mine
shaken not stirred gonna be all like
downtown really copy maybe it is it
coffee ice cream on top of copper
and ice yeah so Erica's teaching media
head wear lipstick oh no they can't get
it over there so I'm flavors it creme
Cup Kremlin Cup she is obsessed with
Erica like Erica's biggest fun it
doesn't matter what Erica does 4 6
equals Mac
her favorite thing is when Erica Jong's
blood on her face yeah that's her
favorite drink no but you know in the
beginning when I would put I don't put
makeup on her but when I put a little
bit of lip balm on her in the morning
before she'd open her mouth like - you
did and there she goes like beautiful oh
my goodness is this pepper world or
something
it's a suitcases
good is it good I feel really bad for
Jonathan because I sprayed Sun cream
accidentally on his Calvin Klein bathing
suit
so I'm looking for a new one for him but
I feel so bad and I was like it won't
stain and I tried to wash it off today
and so I ruined them
I'm not sure what time we're actually
going to get to eat a friend because I
don't stop a little shop when you see
her up there
every shop huh look at this once though
you're pretty all the baby clothes are
in there oh my goodness oh my goodness I
wouldn't spend all my money on you but
to get yourself Kate kind of get Erica
into maxi dresses which doesn't want to
wear them few things that she's too
short by you're not like this these
spirit moto ones that I have are just
right and I think that looks the same to
pop you are done get up you marketer the
antis it well develop am doing I am Cora
keep court in opposition shifting to the
cozy loose and Colbert boutique we know
not Roble me ds0 Monica Queen Vic West
Embassy Tino capo Metro Destry Omni
yellow guarantee squeeze any friend Avis
Avila and Laura open yeah see egg okay I
was saying this amber was mocking me I
was like you know my favorite time in a
day it's not like breakfast it's not
like sitting by the pool or going to the
beach or going shopping it's actually
this time a night when we're heading in
to get some food
the way you said it I lost the Fakkan -
nobody's my favorite time and I like a
come on up here it's like evening so
it's kind of it's a bit cooler and stuff
like that you know are you talking about
bumping into people like earlier in the
school when you're like to walk like
that guy he's gone another planet and
he's not even blogging anyway leave me a
comment if you're the same nobody go to
a foreign country and you guys like that
like just like it's just so exciting
just like the food and strandos is so
good and it's like every night you know
it's going to be so good and it's a
little bit cooler and it was like an a
happy I don't know it's just really cool
of it just just you and me guys no one
else is listening to me so we're going
to a place that we had our rehearsal
dinner for our wedding and now we're
taking a media this is actually
immediate second time in Sorrento true
the first time she was
yeah this time she's crawling and next
time she'd be working - every day it's
like a different trip trap I think
there's so many different variations of
the trip trap look at this one this is
that this is a Playboy one hello look so
cute I love that little Ralph Lauren
thing it's simple
Yeah right so she didn't last and they
partner yeah so I got this for later
right my pouch of bread for Amelia
because she loves her bread and I'm
afraid that she won't see morganite if
she doesn't have solid food you don't
want something light and she'll be
hungry and I don't want to like rescue
all the night-tide price better and
little ventures now and yeah I'm
actually not this is Ana breastfeeding
top
I was pretty sweet oh yeah it was but
I'm really glad that I got some nursing
you know where else yeah before I came
here because I'm nursing way more I did
not we didn't think that we were I
should rescue this much not dressing
which I hope like he does have a lot
back yeah I know I think it will because
even today is better than yesterday yeah
the hot melt once you see it leaves like
a little piece of fabric now if it was
actually a horse resting place or
something yeah but it's more clearing
just in case you're wondering my knee
raise I'm sad shouldn't make it will
this over here now yep just sad leave it
all here give me a shovel just leave a
comment what you like what kind of feel
hey hey friends welcome back huh
welcome back look at this mmm-hmm you're
this creation focaccia with profiterole
profiterole chocolate it's like a
Nutella on toast
what do you think friends look stop with
that carry on there here we go
can we go have a little sampler what
dragon do you think you like this one
better ah he's
oh my god Evy huh
Jenny you guys remember it up unless you
we bought Evy and she was dog walking
the dogs was it all it was a 440 he did
for dogs yeah we bought it here before
there's some Peppa Pig is everywhere
she's taking over when we have a rehab
rehearsal
this will be our children here that's my
son and daughter let's head it'll be
dressed all the time it's okay
Oh
oh I see a pretty cool view get this
whoo it's a long way it's a long way
down it's so cool-looking though isn't
it
why are you actually afraid like how
could you possibly get you there okay
let's go away look the police across the
road don't save you come on friend don't
take your shoe off Oh what you doing
going up here what did
oh yeah devil I don't you just put that
on a minute ago when we got home yeah
dry narrow friend ha ha hi friend Leah's
friend hi familyies friend oh okay he
was a 19 friends thank my night friend
see you tomorrow ciao you show me goes
ciao amigos whoo hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be AA
