holidays tickle attack
the holiday tickle attack it could
happen to anybody
haven't you you want to be careful a
holiday
Shh hi guys
get back
oh oh oh it's okay okay her okay don't
be alarmed just don't know hello hi hi
guys I'd be okay what do you what do you
up there oh come here guys I'm gonna
miss all you guys
I'm gonna miss you guys so much ah this
is the longest again never left you guys
for two weeks before you left the
puppies yes oh you guys gonna miss me
okay
my movies
oh you guys are going to some again I'm
sorry this is probably this must be what
it's like when you actually send your
kids often like if Amelia goes off to
like Irish College or like I went to
like the pine forest um art summer art
course that was called you know you keep
goes off 2x something like that
I'll see what it's like you're like well
it seems like the kids are going off the
count he's going off the camp yeah
you're gonna have so much fun though you
know you will this is this is what I
came up it's just like you know stuff
for like him wrapping presents so if
your neighbors Airport and you see this
bag going by send me a tweet tell me
about my bag it's a little cool thing at
the mozzie you actually actually have a
lot more space underneath so I might
actually take it this whole competant
leave that behind
ha how cool is that look the tune did
you little but actually fit underneath
that's like bonus that's like bonus
packing I just scored there huh you said
you can't have a sports carrying kids
huh there we go
six dogs one baby and two adults look
two big suitcases - carry on suitcases
the stroller the dog food for two weeks
- all the dog toys dog beds are in the
back and the laptops are in the back and
that's everything Hey leaving the owners
in the car
dogs raw brush that ready to go I don't
we're forgetting anything but it was a
nice Oh Oh beeping noise over there
perfection home alone leaving me here
blood but
Haseena Nevada NOLA wish they were cool
as you talk
oh wait I'll be nice an external key by
successful of me
why don't you she freaks out when I do
it's like this is fine but then if I
call like right see it you gotta be mad
free friend nice glasses fun pass the
bar T a Rorschach can see up the line
pass it down to quickly
quitting thanks a shy boy mister G a
wall finals Oh scores hey ready ready
don't about learn about putter oh geez
sorry pause for towards not only you can
stall odds I'm going to wake a sleeping
baby
hi honey
mmm-hmm thank you hi want to come on a
holiday wanna go to Everly do you yeah
give me a smile give me a smile we're
not leaving here till we get a smile
friend friend you can't go back asleep
hi friend hey friend
yeah that's that's my Amelia let's go
friend
Wow alright how's everyone doing here
let's let's get off the baba let's get
off the baba what's all your little
friends in in here hat wanna mess there
was more than one line in your account
you will need to speak to a member of
the meeting customer cue animator here
on what love rats are and tell me is
where the church area clothes may be
recorded for training and quality
purposes we're recording it so it's okay
but little fuck-ups we can only help hi
so I'm just I'm leaving the country you
know and I just wanted to check to make
sure the phone works
actually probably too much
look we got to munch on his inside I'm
changing Amelia I'm sitting here with
all the wild beasts hi wild beasts hi
wild beasts Albie Albie Albie Albie we
barking it huh
are you so cute Amelia's inside Madonna
obviously Amelia's inside running who
would she be changing if it was not
Amelia
they're so good they're such good dogs
as well like you just sort of like you
know look that's a horse seamless of
course a horse a horse of course of
course of course of course the horse huh
vis best man Allie's enemy enemy number
one people that wear vis vests are we
enjoying life in the road so far friend
huh life on the road she's having a bit
of my topaz sweet chili chai sweet chili
try I wonder what that try stands for
couldn't possibly stand for chicken huh
hey guys
good as little munchkin hair thick it is
a munchkin
I might give a rock hurt babe actually
yeah just for this
I gave up my seat nah eat your puffs Oh
God of the food that's daddy's knocking
why I didn't want you to give up with
then Cayenne
oh whoa you can get yourself a Cayenne I
will buy you a Cayenne on the day you
passed your driving test nothing oh we
can buy anything you want oh by any car
you want today you pass your driving
test that's not it's bad though it's
like this trip it was this trip there's
plenty of room plenty room back there
plenty o room isn't it at me laughs hey
honey in there what are we doing what
are we doing
Zanna is walking the dog somewhere in
here somewhere around here hey Amelia
don't because I miss look at all these
cheesy profits in my seat oh my god
don't cell anemia squish them on cheese
hey toll bridge is right on this thing
about a toll it's when you stop it's
like a racetrack
I've got okay here
summer can be really good for her so for
me this is your house if you had a
friend he's gonna have fun at summer
camp
are you going where are you going don't
press that oh yeah dink these ones are
better to you yeah
you think these undies are better we
have arrived folks I'll tell you it
looks very like Ireland I've made the
joke twice today I will continue to make
that joke all day long is where my
little baby stain ah hi friend oh is
that oh you miss your doggy friends I
miss your dogs are friends um oh that's
right we could try and bring off so I
want supposed to be way too much stuff
we just bring Emilio up maybe like one
or two two suitcases
you know I maybe see if they have a
Charlie thing yeah yeah no no I'm not
leaving you
oh so there's enough beds in this room
for everyone yes there are look at this
under six dogs under six dogs all right
to the couch you want
my goodness cuz ass before I forgot
thankfully someone here some parent here
what I forgot I never asked her about
the crib or the thing oh I thought you
said no no you reminded me then I said
it to her well it's kind of handy that
you could just let her yeah I know I
know look at her you can't do it where's
the minibar
um mr. minibar can do it in it like
outside oh yeah yeah yeah I never wear
she'd end up here it's all carpeted and
stuff oh I wonder in the in Sorrento
will it be child you know the floors
tend to be child yeah that's fine too
you're used to yeah you know are we
captain she's gonna get her stroller you
can in for a walk and I think we're
joining my mom through dinner later
later later but I'm starving cuz that
stupid old sandwich that we got from the
petrol station was gross and I made a
huge mistake I'm so silly and I even
thought about it myself
holidays oh look what you did Jonathan
what's going on huh it's a holiday
tickle attack it could happen to anybody
Ivan to you you want to be careful a
holiday let's see how long is it gonna
take your blood to brush oh that's the
upload speed that's not bad
download is 10-ish upload all right so I
guess we are getting a vlog tonight ha
yeah yeah huh well someone raised oktin
khash home he'll oh we're gonna wrong
way come to the moon we'll get a better
view from up here
will you crap oh yeah again some
munchies in there I'll see y'all what do
we get
what do you want friends anyone anyone
you want this come on kick it can I kick
it yes you can
what's that
what are you gonna do it it you reading
it meat is very busy reading
you blame you playing the boxes
bing-bong middle a label don't drop it
wait for it they're gonna be they're
gonna end up like across their place and
they just gettin some munchies instant
come out sorry
taking this on just all this up now
order to start tomorrow
now let's go I want to get me get your
holiday game face on and it is pretty
much eating a little bit of everybody's
food at the table is that your plan
she's like trying everybody so she's
eating a chicken wing right now
I have long legs I'm very tall I'm very
leggy in case you hadn't noticed I may
be a little bit fun or drunk
I may be a honky deep in common to have
a hunk so Anna got sent this thing every
day do you want to explain your life in
it okay Holland wait to be shown
something it's like look Pilates Oh
heaven no I thought you said pie and i
case they're so funny like pie in Las
Vegas or Blackie I would change the
plant leave a comment we'll give you
five days or would you have a pie
or would you have a Knickerbocker glory
huh that takes me back
oh boy Liam check this out can't cook
the beauties and none of the beauties
coffee or Emma Ryan what do you think a
meringue friend what do you think I'm
Ryan huh your first meringue with your
racket is it is it a game-changer
is it a game-changer you've got a little
bit on your cheek there
I think she liked that I think you liked
it
yeah you are more oh god she's gone
crazy
oh no no too much I go on apple pie
lashing oh yeah oh god this is yeah that
was quick my friend it's time for time
what feels cool hmm oh yeah I'm with the
slippers I know what I want my goal
walks woohoo so I can go and walk where
you going where you going friend where
you going
where he go mighty good what do you do
just roaming around the hotel room huh
bring your stroller want to go for a
stroll you go for a bath Oh bad time
god this my friend hey
come on hey come on inside come on come
on
good job
all right you jump in here somehow
you ready to jump in I've got a few
different things here so we've got this
little cream travel-size for her face
yeah we're gonna put this on what do you
think friends
what do you think what are you doing in
there huh let me yeah let me out
hmm this is your travel cot system
you're in prison you in prison convicted
of being the world's cutest baby how do
you plead guilty guilty you can handle
the cuteness mm-hmm so cute isn't she
yeah you wanna try your arms it is it's
really hot as man it's hot it's getting
hot in here yeah you know you'll be okay
it'll be okay with it
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
