hi hi hi hi he excited to see us well
I'm getting up I'm sure she's gonna
stand up there
so who have a broken boot it's really
sore I have a clogged milk duct and it's
called milk
what's up for you you're such a break
from donut gone insane uh it's called a
milk people or something like weird but
it's basically like not to be too TMI or
anything but it's basically like a
little white pimple this is how I
noticed it um on its like go people that
you get on your face but on my boob like
on my nip and I found it this morning I
was like and it was sore that's what it
why it stood out to me and I was like
this isn't normal oh my god I started
panicking as you would and then I read
up on it and straight away like I put it
in to Google and then breastfeeding
after it straight away I got back all
these things about hog milk jokes and
I've got something in my nose let's go
um clogged milk ducts and like you know
associated with breastfeeding whatever
so it's normal and then I started
reading on this room and how you can
prick it with a pin and I was like who
in their right mind would do that like I
could not do that so I was just like
crying with pain earlier and then I was
massaging it with that hot compress and
then I tried nursing her on that side
and actually the boob that got the
problem is the one that keeps filling up
so I think I have like an oversupply of
milk in one boob or something I don't
want
hey hey are you drawing my brake
callipers around are you like fake my
folk brake callipers they're not real
brake calipers cuz wheel brake calipers
are made out of metal
these ones are brake caliper covers so
it's ok it's ok GG ball get your ball oh
yeah I'm never coming for you like I
never would have noticed something like
that all the way mom didn't notice yours
yeah oh you see the wheels that are on
it I like I to stop wheels but I want to
get to like serious and tin spoke wheels
so you can see the caliper you know it's
very important
oh I wonder is that due to lack of use
yeah oh is that what it is
what do you think Emilio Emilio Emilio
Emilio come here
curry not you Collier what's up Fred
what's up friend
so we've like a million billion things
to do 1 million and 1 billion things to
do you excited by that concept let me
just walk over I'm just walking all over
your friends you only see
behold the beauty DCM elizy not to be
confused at Elysium which is the ruler
of the dragon folk right here something
beautiful
excites me every time
ah I need to find a suitable parking
place for my vehicle my motor propels a
heckle son seems nice if you know what
I'm gonna go in this side even though
the guy's moved on that side it's just
easier drivers will know what I'm
talking about it's a little turn you
have to do up there it's a pain in the
holy morning Nathan Jolie hi can I get a
large Big Mac and a banana smoothie I'm
not like I was this ticket
what kind of McDonald is this banana or
you know what I mean you don't like
bananas I don't like bananas when we
give me a ninepin honest I don't know
friend there's a lot of pressure here
okay
Oh guys remember I was in here last time
with the big truck that was stressful
yeah okay well you did not hate driving
in car parks you know the funnest thing
about a car park is
who who's doing that fuck Journal
alright friend I may need this sock um
did you cook it was a repair what you
want a bank you want a bike you want a
backwards you know oh look at this huh
huh lightly lightly sorry huh right we
we pop her in first whoa whoa
oh I saved it who put her in first I'll
put socks on first okay let's go friend
mmm
where's the way out oh yeah mm-hmm my
wife with broken ribs broken boobs calm
what you want to push Oh what are people
gonna think what I mean buyers are gonna
point you look gonna point in stare look
at the guys at the model stroller ah
good I don't know
I'm gonna have any goods I would
consider media good what so are again
leave some nice comment the poor thing
pick your baby get in there deflect did
you get a warrant with those boobs
ground no mmm River 30-day the junk at
the Apple hair boob Karen yourself boob
care phone man aw jeez this is the last
day of cold weather I'm not an angel
seriously an actual angel in the middle
of the streets how crazy is that huh see
angel Ireland angel angel angel hair
angel carrier boom
taking all this in are you Mac these
aren't the kind of max I like I like the
max that you log into this is the wrong
this is not the my store this is the
wrong max girlfriend
this is a better color because right
that's the trick later yeah I'll be
obviously I mean are you taking Amelia
you're not taking this in oh my goodness
she's not paying attention I think you
should have this
what's that one pantless one the pay
listen yeah I want that one friend a
cute this you look over little with a
little bite cutie mark your friend
mm-hm it's like an appropriately sized
bag oh yeah I do like the the si le
so for our last game before we got the
victory I decided to go to Italy huh you
a taster
did you like a little compressors on
fire yeah 8 the brand power 5 that's
what you are yeah oh it's okay okay yeah
thank you
Shango friend well you should like rip
them open and drink them all the
goodness look at the trade oh you don't
like the tray hmm
oh thanks onto my mat I assure you no
one finish that one off first
yeah yeah me go eager ensalada polo
Phineas first time having across a Tina
oh my god she made the funniest face
good yeah you're not getting Nutella
Pardo okay here you go
boy where's AUB's I need to say this one
I'm not really nuts
we'll cut them here and go Rin she's
still awake yeah I know sighs checking
this uses a future what the hell what
look at these days that is dangerous
oh my Candace leave me account if you
guys own these oh my god this is
actually you know what
Anna when Amelia goes out I'm totally
getting her to wear these because
National Boy chews up to his hassle on
her see that one kick that is that is
actually a good idea
I mean I didn't make it she crashed hmm
thank God though I'm so bad at shopping
on my own you know that it's like I know
he's mocking me man ago she's like we're
so like it's Urich you're independent
about like everything in your own but
I'm gonna come aside for like the
shopping and buying clothes it's like
you're not yeah
yeah I don't know I just can't decide if
stuff is good or not no no you can you
seem do just wandering around all day
long pick things that you like but I
don't know it's probably why I don't
have as much closes you to like
someplace or something with your guys
thing okay
this dress it's a little big it's a baby
Kisuke no star that's too big boy then
again it's a little big but belong to
this is just a tactile foot I'm like
yeah definitely to you miss yeah which
is basic but all my tips will stretch
there by was pregnant enter this is kind
of boring but it works I just remember
ranked up but I like it it's only ten
year old it's the style is with the
realize I just don't think you're
missing well because at all yeah just
have more tank tops in my wardrobe that
aren't like babies and that's it
does it the reject pile and then you
take pile your time tops I have a plan
but hey hey hey are you from policy
right so we'll buy all this stuff come
back I'll bring it off I can't a refund
huh what that's not that's good
tell anyone we're free for free came
3:10 okay goodbye goodbye t came oh I
thought we were in there for life I
thought we were like first that's what I
talked I was concerned we're in there
for life friend unfortunately were
parked 1 million miles away 100 million
miles away sir oh my goodness
it is definitely take every time I leave
midday coffee is life I need a little
slack don't my coffee just something I
don't know it just like you know a small
bit of chocolate or something look at
this I hope oh man just like the biggest
part of truffle you've ever seen and
it's all mine
Amelia hmm why'd she do like this
anywhere my teeth you like this I be the
bed huh are you trying to escape
Oh Theo's got the ball dearest Amelia
the ball the ball t oh yeah Nia hello
hello hello hello you going into the
tunnel damn what's up friendly its
friend where you go look at a sprinter
sprinter ah hey there where are you
going where are you going
have you got your sight set on this is
it
do you have your sight set Amelia Amelia
don't do it don't do it don't do it a
pretty Jeanette hmm
get seed in there go do it don't do it
don't do it
I know everything's every part of your
body is telling you to put your hand in
there and eat the sweets but they're not
sweets don't do it don't do don't yeah
don't do it don't mind Theo don't do it
don't do it
good choice Amelia
ah now now you're warned you are warned
out
don't bite my hand
that's all funny because most although I
just spent classical while making
something awesome I'll find out tomorrow
your tomorrow no way tomorrow right
here's a month the stuff that I've often
heard I've never actually worn my see
case is packed in a suitcase is not so
media suitcase is packed my suitcase is
packed and unless your case is all over
the room but that's okay because you're
the trooper you're probably gonna take
up all the banks use if a chameleon
excited oh nothing wasn't wrong with you
yeah doing her Stouffer but as the dad I
take the smallest amount of space so I'm
pretty gonna share in suitcase in media
you guys excited
the adventure starts tomorrow but shush
don't touch okay I had a rumor dough if
you guys like press the like button you
have a better holiday that's why my hair
dye and cuz I said that yesterday guys
nucleus like when it's like smashing
like but yesterday yesterday's video was
like I was like what's up high five
you can only high five if you liked the
video so you need very exciting as these
guys all packed up
I'll see you guys tomorrow goodbye hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
