Oh drop back drop back drop back come on
chop-chop
oh look at this playing catch no I just
can't catch him my daughter
ready ready here we go
oh yeah like she's applauding for
everybody hey thanks for pressing the
like button guys what is going on here
what's going on here
what are you gonna do Alvey you're going
to church she's just having her breaky
huh she's having a Ricky and I'm having
my breakfast soon as well did nothing
wife in this like what's going on here
why is this filthy Oh gross
hey maybe it wasn't like in the right
spot or something I don't want to know I
had dishwashers work to be honest
everybody you know what I hate juicing I
hate this part so much the cleaning
after it's so annoying we should let
themselves in right make the juice leave
it there and then let it says that again
and we would even know anything anymore
years later because I don't know thing
marrying and folding and Arnie while
they're here yep oh that's the thing
that I don't like about it
plus we don't have oh my god we don't
have the passport yeah we do oh it's
Wednesday yeah so yesterday I couldn't
go or no today I was supposed to go into
town with my friend but I couldn't
because it was just too complicated and
she has like two kids make me a coffee
go fast okay
stop stop fast what eight minutes putt
see your bombs are too up how's it feel
anyways so yesterday I was supposed to
go in but then I couldn't and their sole
reason for it was because I can't drive
and so Jonathan was so mean
like he kept saying all this stuff like
oh so I'm gonna take the sec my second
car to bring the dogs without car to the
groomers I was like your second cars
like do you mean my cars like it's not
your car you look excited I don't want
to think it was kind of a that's not
very nice inside wondering where did the
driller the rascals yeah with the made
in Ireland like all right guy it's just
easy to leave them on the back we see
the mean this is why I used your car I
suppose yeah I could probably make the
dogs work in the Maserati but why bother
when I got this car mozzies weren't
built for puppy transportation alright
Anna - Anna you learn to try
the public the what we will be miss
darbus he loved the 11 on the pub you
know the puppy transportation car I've
got that I've got the people plan
transportation car and the puppy pan
transportation car huh all right guys no
no you look like Griffin
do you know Griffin Griffin from do
buskers Oh
all right guys get your pre-holiday cut
look at this elastic on a wafer to focus
in oh thank you tomorrow like piled up
on top of each other
that's so cute you've been on your
Facebook page
thank you Tony but on the Facebook it's
so funny looking see you guys later
later yeah that's okay I'll be no I see
they knew they were best friends they
just pretended they're not you're gonna
head up the Hanna's mom says to check to
see if the passport is there hopefully
it is there I know you probably
wondering why am I going to Hanna's mom
says to check for a media's passport
because you know when I'm when I'm when
we sort of got together myself and Anna
you know when we just got more serious
in our relationship become we came back
to work and all I didn't have a family
home anymore so I didn't really have a
permanent sort of address you know
excited aside like student accommodation
and then sort of like rented places
so I ended up starting to use Anna's
mom's house you know as like my
permanent address and then Anna
obviously had as her permanent dress and
then I don't know anything like really
super important we've always sort of
registered as Anna's like mom's address
because it's like a permanent sort of
address I know like we're married two
years now
oh great right like two years now and
well almost my two years ago like two
months and even my two years but am we
still ended up using it as like the
permanent address I'm sure my brothers
and sisters in Joplin probably use my
mom's house as like their sort of
protest or maybe they have their own
answers I'm already sure well we are
grown up now but any guys like that you
know if you didn't even know you're
married and moved on and stuff you still
because it's like that's like a fixed
point you know me it's a fixed point in
time like it's not going anywhere
although I always thought my family home
was the fix point in time but anyway
that's over what you know what I mean so
it's kind of like it's a dependable
address you know crisis avoided folks
you guys ready to see this oh let me
show you Hannah's one hold on I'll just
pictures falling out of it it's funny
really glamorous looking yeah because
she's a beautiful girl
there's that beautiful as my beautiful
wife holy crap that's my wife score
let's check out my daughter don't go in
there okay
I'm gonna close this over good girl
she's ready for her nap but I just I'm
cleaning the house is an absolute tip oh
my god
I know I stay not in every video but it
seriously is like seriously if I don't
keep to like a strict routine because
this morning was it was crazy because I
mean II I woke up at like quarter to
5:00 in the morning and then I was
wrecked because I spent all last night
with my friend oh it hurts
we both have small children and we're
both like what are we doing English were
stupid and I left my house
like 1 a.m. oh yeah don't you go
yourself on a ship oh my god
I know I know it relief to relief
so we just put a picture on Instagram
see if I can find it now this one of me
when I was a baby there's this one too
but I think I have that on my blog
somewhere so I'll put this one up
because I don't think anyone's ever seen
that before but what do you guys think
do you see Emilia I see half and half
honestly I think Emilia looks she it has
a lot of my like when I smile and when I
see pictures of me smiling and baby and
you're like big pictures of me smiling I
always think she looks like me but then
I also see like I see Jonathan's like
his eyebrows oh my god she has the exact
thing like arched eyebrows it's so weird
and just like certain things like
sometimes when she's sleeping she looks
really like camera but I feel like when
she smiles like I can see myself so I
think it's like half and half but let me
know what you guys think all right
it's haircut time you reach your time in
your life when you need to get a haircut
see I was trying to wait as long as
possible because I wanted my haircut you
should get a haircut like every two
weeks to keep it nice and short but I
wanted it to last the whole time in
Sorrento and then I was like on all
butene stressful to do tomorrow tomorrow
is like our last day here oh my goodness
this is what I look like before I get a
haircut let me show you guys this is
where I put all my shoes see they're all
in boxes under there you look nice and
neat though and those DAC well and I
actually have some spare boxes I got
them in home store and more if you're
interested so umm balance is restored I
cleaned the room or tidied the room
that's just recycling and then I need to
do laundry to you guys on the Sierra
laundry palace is hilarious look at this
yep not even a joke you can actually see
you could see that from outside it's so
bad like you actually see I when we were
leaving the house - I was like I can
actually see it peeking out from the
curtain how embarrassing is that and
this is what I look like after I get a
haircut
you guys see the difference huh oh yeah
yo Phoebe stylin doesn't even care I
wasn't even carried at home from I got
you a giant large chicken salad thought
maybe you give some to Amelia or
something
chickpea you even care that I'm home
I've been gone for a considerable length
of time nope doesn't care at all this is
the downside of baby led weaning when
you don't have six little doggies or
even one dog yep chickpeas all over the
floor and I just vacuumed so we need to
vacuum again oh I've lost those actually
know which one over here would think
that would block the ones that are
closer to the ground but no anyways okay
so we're gonna vacuum she ate well
shouldn't you that much but she liked it
though I'm gonna try and give her some
fruit maybe a little bit later on though
cuz I don't think she had quite enough
media
and keep her distracted while I do
laundry here to full and everything
that's in the dryer have one load on the
go so finally we're getting somewhere a
hen each to another load as well as oh
oh you come with me
he's coming at me are you
I don't want her to be a passenger huh
oh you turn mm-hmm bye where are you
going
do not like Justin Bieber Oh back in the
mommy mobile I'm like a mommy when I
drive this mobile gotta go pick up the
dogs owners can be like on Friday when I
have to put them all in the other car
that's gonna be a fun time so Amelia is
having a little sneaky snack huh of
apples and sort of cheesy puffs
cheese and tomato puppet and then I have
one load of laundry done and I have to
go get the next one how's the gang house
Albie hey guys what's the plan what's
the story lads did you have a good cut
did you how he's trying to get his home
pond I'll be don't be getting your home
pond don't forget in your home pond
every time we get back from the groomers
something the batter he just smells c9e
she's mad for the hump huh Jimmy got
like that after her good I certainly
don't get that like that's a good so my
sister mi was her birthday like ages ago
back in June the 12th of June was her
birthday and I just did like a speedy
wrapping job and look at the paper oh so
funny it's totally I actually bought
this for one of the dogs brain teasers
she's probably watching this she's like
oh thanks but I was so unprepared cuz I
was initially gonna send her her stuff
because she was in Germany and then I
decided not to because she was traveling
at the time and yeah so I just wrapped
it now she's coming to collect it
because we're going to Italy
I didn't want to give it to her over
there because one part of its breakable
so yeah so this is her present and then
her card and everything but it's so cute
because it's all like from the puppies
you gonna be in gold all right let me
train in you ready oh okay that's one
basketball paestum on oh good job
are you ready huh Oh drop back drop back
drop back come on Cho Cho oh look at
this playing catch oh just ten catching
my daughter oh yeah this is so cool huh
oh sorry about that
oh no I'm terrible at this
there we go hmm Joe Joe Joe okay Bianca
intercepted oh are you gonna go get her
first yeah Joe uh-oh
was that the mom was it Joe all right
this is called this is called a dropkick
whoa dinnertime like it is I mixed
whole-grain rice with a basmati rice
boughs my tie you eating rice love it's
a rice felt looks killer looks like
mixed up don't you wish your rice was
tasty like mine don't ya laughing
ergo into distant voice she's like fake
laughing anyways so she's showing Erica
I got these two dresses from Vero Moda
for 995 like really cheap they're just
plain like maxi dresses and I got a kind
of maroon one and then an olive green
but they're super like tight-fitting and
kind of they're just cute for the beach
and stuff like that for a night time you
know what didn't believe me Gaga friend
you munched it all you ate your dinner
as well
this cakes and rice yo followed by eyes
you like that you like the new flavor
one will given you yeah you can make
your friends thankfully to have a bath
maybe you press the like button
she looked at you press the like button
now and see what happens cool keep
pressing it
night-night
ooh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's -
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
