previously on friendliness friend
friendly got friendly with a friend this
episode unfriendly as friend friendly
gets friendly what a cheesy puffs
you like that one mom even the cutest
outfit look at cute she's got on Peppa
Pig leggings and then she's got on this
top it's really warm because it's like
oh it's disgusting out today it's really
gloomy and yeah it's really gloomy and
like muggy and horrible it's making me
really depressed where's your socks and
your bow huh
one sock - you suck put the socks on
afterwards will we put you into the
little thing there you go
you ready friend it's very misleading
because it's like it's like roasting hot
now but it was freezing quality minute I
go and you can see the sky is very
cloudy and stuff so I'm like oh I took
my jacket off or I leave it on we are
going inside yeah the tricky one
did you see what I was the sainted 17
billion trillion doesn't matter it's an
amazing portion logs are amazing because
we both have one of those days you know
this Kennedy's for you just like wake up
and you just annoyed that everybody okay
I'll set up the PV you offer the
PlayStation King and then it started not
working now is like that's it that's it
I hate everyone delete the channel
that's it
hey maybe it's the writer it's
depressing water
oh yeah I'm a media broke my px 21 I
thought she'd buy me one the other day
which is also funny
next my maxi dress yeah yeah and it was
like oh the healthy food that makes you
feel better mom get it's not the healthy
food that makes you feel better instead
fast dirty fried one County food it made
you feel better is it it's all lies it's
all misunderstandings there Amelia know
me here hello
oh thanks did you kick your sock off huh
give you both socks off oh you gonna
hold that cute let's go
Amelia's gonna give something through
our doggy friends oh yeah this is thank
you friend
yeah
our plan it involves a toffee krisp what
does your plan involve Reese's not
rageous that is nut rageous so if I know
wins this car you definitely need to
learn to drive okay
protected Widowmaker I was against mmm
never wake a sleeping baby thing huh
I make you lunch stuff even though it's
like four o'clock 20 chicken Tambo
chickens and rozina
I know I said I'd make it we'll shake
hands look at the color of you compared
to me
oh my god I'm like pasty Paul and you're
like tans tenure pardon tenure that's us
no because I'm gonna cook tonight and
not really always cut up the chicken but
I want them to maintain in their rate so
I was like I was kinda like you know
this John Kerry name is Albie he's cute
whose mania not anyone else look who
came to say hello
it's Alby it's al because oh did he do
did you jump on your chair I said see
each other doing hmm hello Missy you had
a long nap I'm banging the mare and she
saw a moment ago I was banging about
because I was like normally we just like
chop up the chicken but because of what
we're gonna try and make here
I need the chicken to maintain itself in
its holy state holy J so in the pan I
put the garlic and chilli olive oil in
the pan we're gonna take the chicken and
we're just gonna Pat it as an Anya and
in case you're thinking like what are
you doing to your hands man is thank you
onion so we're just kind of like
marinating it slightly idea that you can
eat in here so garlicky and chinny Oh
whoo all right let's go no that's not go
up yank at Yankee Navy let's go let's go
come on come on there's a mosh pit going
on here
no little fucker look they're trying to
get up let's go let's go
nothing to see here folks let me see
here folks move along move along
hey little friendly yes friend me as
friendliest friendly as friendly friend
I said hey little friendliness
friendliest friendliest friendly as
friendliest friend friendliest friend
previously on friendliest friend
friendly got friendly with a friend this
episode unfriendly as friend friendly
gets friendly what a cheesy puffs YUM
yeah broccoli or properly broccoli or
properly broccoli uh properly okay they
will be get stolen you and that's the
end of friendly and sweet be another hey
guys and take too much another episode
of friendliest friends and like your
Peppa Pig yeah
all right I chopped them in half though
just to make sure I cooked an plus we're
going to have two little mini burgers
each I'm putting them on this be wheat
and gluten free form Brown seated rolls
of high fiber what do you want you want
this you want do see you ready this is a
reception this is a poor one
prepare yourself it's just pouring in oh
she's getting it all whoa what do you
think mom water a lot more you want more
get ready for the poor oh it's going
home
do you have a response u-turn escape you
have a response for the meal yeah it was
really good this is hard to changing the
nappy
alright it's one two three show okay one
two three show ready
why do one two three show oh one two
three show one two three show oh I try
to go back I was like oh well paper cuts
Sturrock that's that is not a rock
that's look it's like this look it's a
bundle of paper that's that's a bundle
of paper that is on the phone to RM
health insurance and you guys have bhi
you know Mia travel it's just like no I
would never even check this up but cuz
of the media I'm like just on the off
chance something happens I brought her
huh make sure
little thing you play with the dougie
did you come in to see me didn't you I
can hear you laughing no ideas though oh
you know you came in Bianca Navy friend
if you come in to me that's a bit of a
bit of a problem behind you there there
you go there you go you got it oh yeah
that's right you just push that out of
your way
hoosh hoosh and it's gone give it a
hoosh give it a hoosh ah pick hoosh yes
still plenty it's so funny because she
gets like excited that she's like
crawling along she gets like excited in
tears like laughing it she crawls now
right better get you I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you toes they're gonna get
your toes I didn't get you oh you're
gonna get me now oh no oh no don't get
me
get me Oh where'd you get straw Bianca
what you going back but oh you got me
you got me Fred oh good question for all
your average explorers out there was
even a year ago when a juror then test
oh like our supermarket in ideal we
could buy and where you say the tokens
and you bought a suitcase no we ended up
buying all of the suitcases so all of
our suitcase they're lovely they have
that little Swiss thingy on it right if
you're from Ireland you know or maybe
the UK I think they had it as well right
so we end up we've got like and you got
like six of them the whole pack the two
big ones to mid-size the two small ones
okay absolutely awesome right we go to
the airport problem is everybody else in
Ireland did the same thing so what if we
get off the airplane Naples right and we
go over to get our bag and it's like
every single bag is those Swiss thinking
about right does anyone have that
problem ah you know right that's
fantastic deal tasks oh but look what
you've done look what you've done what
should I do to make ours different you
know like I like it
you can try to rip it onto it is that
the best thing to do like to have a
little ribbon or something so at least
I'd like I need something that will
differentiate mine other than having to
take it off look at the tags and see if
it has my name
which would be really annoying like most
people are actually using the same
everywhere
at the same time what's in there
we're gonna make a huge mess for dad
when he comes home let's put this back
dad dad dad I won't make not okay you
don't want that what's up yeah my
goodness
he missed a stressful moment couldn't
find this thing that's my passport from
I think I'm was like what 6 17 or 18 or
something like that I was when I was a
little schoolboy schoolboy jofi whose
nightmares it was a nightmare situation
I couldn't find us had to go through
everything of course I have found it
because then her lucky bedside table so
the sentries your father you were hiding
it from me
and I wasn't there but then magically
magically you found it I mean it was
helping I was babysitting her while you
were looking after this boom boom boom
boom ba ba ba where's that friendliest
friend okay
don't you steal my phone don't you steal
my phone still on my phone I did not
steal my phone
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
