let me press the button what is it tail
let me press the button let me press the
question okay well I won't press the
button anymore but one more pass one
more press one more
even my mom and I just went to a
breakfast
Alessia came with us and it was for
Amelia's class moms
Alessia was so good wasn't she oh yeah
really really
she's just now started getting fussy but
that's because I put her in her buggy
yeah we had a really good time you went
to kylie jo's it poured rain earlier
hello
and I've just realized I forgot to pay
for parking
completely forgot
oops I parked over there but I I don't
know it was just it was kind of chaotic
in the beginning and I just completely
forgot
oh but she was so good and we kept
commenting
the whole time we are doing a very
important task that its new a cobbler
you can actually pass to well actually
coincidentally hot plus two is micro
lace and fix that but hop ache
alright you finished your ass
screwdriver there okay doing you're just
putting holes in everything so this is
alessia's big-boy bed except it's her
big-girl bed Oh ray I probably should
have known that look at this why don't
you look whiter that's bright nope
Alessia is leaving mom and dad's room
how do you feel about that yeah this is
gonna be next door to you mister look
you live in here right you that's your e
for Eduardo this is gonna have to get an
A for this drawer because this is
alessia's house yeah I swear no you just
want to walk on that that's all you want
to do no did you see my crack
did you hear that crack right let me
move this first then you can walk up and
look how nice it is hmm isn't this nice
Wow Wow
no do not climb under there Eduardo
Eduardo oh geez it's nonsense
no I knew that's what you were gonna do
oh you fell off so we were back home
oh that's such a bad headache I think
it's the weather
look how about it is that they're
pouring rain she's not too big
hi Alessia daddy's building your crit
your no her you call a baby's
bed o'clock hue how old is Alessia and
one know she's six months is it yeah
Jonathan is killed in July she has bed o
Kings oh yeah I want to do her room like
eventually like when we move I want to
do her rewatch yeah and I got me even I
got a pink sheets ungracious yeah but I
think it would be nice a little girl
nursery Eduardo call her yeah you always
make her laugh
can you make her laugh I know so right
she can see you come closer
okay again
oh it's working
no good boy Eduardo let's talk about
getting older and life getting so much
more complicated and it's just like huh
let's talk about that good I've met a
lot of youtubers I'm not gonna name
names right you know I've met a lot of
youtubers over like all the conventions
have I've gone to and rhettandlink were
not a disappointment
a lot of youtubers I've met have been a
disappointment I'll be honest guys I'm
not gonna name names though but ever I
hopefully if anyone ever met us I've met
thousands of you guys I hope I've never
been a disappointment I always try and
strive to be the same person like I
always want Jonathan on saucony Jolie's
that if you ever meet me on the streets
screwed you think like yeah it's the
same fella like he acts the same way and
he looks the same way and well I might
look different this is camera he trained
me even more handsome but yeah you know
I mean like you just I want people to
think like yes same experience you know
I'm a real like shatter and recenter you
know I really enjoy like every now and
again like having to like be an opinion
to reset you know demeanor just like
dramatically changed my life and I don't
know Anna says it's cuz I'm an Aquarius
apparently that's what Aquarius is do
but I'm like it's like I need to
struggle you know and then whenever it
gets like too comfortable in the way I
like almost panic but like oh my god too
easy we need to start again you don't
agree that I think it was cool a couple
of years back moving to the UK basically
starting again and
you know what I mean and that's what I'm
really enjoying about this whole like
you don't need me this is my first time
being an author I'm an author of a book
now and I don't read in the bed and I'm
like way down in the bottom of the
ladder and I have to like climb this new
ladder and that's that's exciting and I
in order to stay young it's like you got
to keep finding new challenges and every
time you reach the top of a ladder it's
always really really important to you
know sit on the top of the ladder enjoy
the few for a minute but don't get
complacent you know I mean low then look
for like a bigger ladder to climb or a
bigger mountain to climb you know and
yeah and it's like I always see this
myself and I just I was having a meeting
there about such such a thing that was
going very well and I was just like
right it's going to well try to move on
but fine for the next day no like where
do you do why can't you enjoy the moment
of like I'm not allowed I am NOT I don't
have the capacity or the ability to
enjoy the moment I must move on and I
don't know I just I enjoy being at the
bottom of the ladder with the trill and
the challenge I'm trying to climb the
ladder but for some reason I don't enjoy
the top of the ladder I don't know it's
not make any sense does anyone else like
that someone else is like that I'm not
the only one like that I just thought I
would share my analogy with you guys
if you're at the top of the ladder maybe
maybe you can enjoy the top of the
ladder I don't know but I find myself
always trying to find a new ladder to
climb did we turn it off and do to catch
the sun damage it's better I look 17
years older no you don't yeah you and
your orange lights are obsessed with
orange lights
how come you like this wait you get this
highlighted here and I don't
mm-hmm today what are we doing
so update didn't actually build the crib
okay well you see I thought I could
build it and put in Juarez room cuz I
really wanted to build it and then it
turns out that I couldn't actually it
was too big to fit through the door so
there'll be no point later so you're
always home tomorrow no-brainer
so tomorrow is gonna be that's its first
night maybe also Amenia has a party
tomorrow and the day after so you're
gonna be busy is everybody mad bell
ringing hello there little little
creature hello there little creature she
expects me in edoardo to make a lap boys
Peter over here
huh Eduardo was showing my mom that it
plays beautiful music she's covered in
oil oh oh oh I really taught Eric who
are Melia was here hmm
is this Amelia here oh look at this new
dolly Wow I think I'll just bring this
up and give it to Eduardo Eduardo oh
well what do you know huh what's this
game I thought it's just like Erica
is that you what what does it look like
yeah come on say good night to your
little friends there hmm no no come on
no time for hug give Eric a hug from
jeepers woman students am i reading
there it's almost Fame and parenting
book you've been given a reprieve No
Deal
the little fingers now no okay grab your
little Leo Leo Leo Baraka job generally
of record I mean they're probably not
let's go
let me press the button let me press the
button let me press the question
okay I won't press the button anymore
but one more pass one more press one
more press it was late in the evening
not a creature was serving serving
stirring not even a mouse I wasn't even
in focus Klaus Klaus the mouse I'm
coming in with clubs closed unless you
name what the camera guy on nationwide
watching well maybe yeah so media has
escaped bed and she's in big trouble
Eduardo please go to bed now monkey see
you in the morning time okay we've got a
big birthday party to go to tomorrow we
have a birthday party tomorrow we will
we have a jam-packed weekend of parties
to go to
alright so no messing about it's being
noted Lego for Amelia's sixth birthday
party a lego party hey that's cool so
why is that like everything will be made
at Lego but the whole party will be made
at Lego so you want let go back girl to
come to your party and it's a lego party
right I'll remember that
you remember that - good night Amelia I
think the children caused the trouble
it's two other children causing trouble
Jeepers Creepers there we go come on
inside sjokz it chalks come on
well it's just me hmm Maud rebuked hmm
all jeepers come on it's gone and that's
preparing anna's working as a chef now
whole time here you've got looking like
you got plates the people Erica wanted a
Portuguese or not Portuguese was it
called what's it called again paella
paella passed pescetarian pasta
pescetarian pesto garyun Portuguese
pasta with Pomodori knees and penne it
actually is oh isn't that the fazil year
we meet them fully and I think the
jacket is enough meat now what was there
a process wait and it you create an
entire thing of cheese in this the last
that's professional this is on the
bake-off he ran out and it's a Coney
represented what's it what's this - here
this is a little sight me here oh-oh
Bonus Time I know if this now I know for
the mad cooks it's great it's a bits in
the flour look at this thing it's always
a bit like oh you're not gonna be able
to wrap that no but then when you pick
it up a trip said everywhere do you
think I should blast them all in the
microwave no no did you block the G to
meet oh yeah oh yeah most of all just
for a second I was like way early just
cold
