this little piggy aatrox pin and this
little piggy had none and this little
piggy went wee all the way home
hmm who's that who's this over here
who's this over here huh he's this over
here oh you got grass in your mind what
the heck is going on what the heck is
going on come on bean nabina coming true
don't mind them hey hey you there leave
those kids alone you're there I'm
starting to think you're the
troublemaker here because look I want to
take you out of the equation it all goes
quiet doesn't it is it it Bianca
it's a Cena underneath here that is my
go walk shoe and this is being here on
top of Cena yeah oh we also have some
more toys and treats underneath there
too so Millie I just had her walk the
dogs are polishing off her ready break
good girl and I just made my cues so
let's see how this looks
this has avocado
cucumber apples pineapple and what else
Oh lime really good let's see how it
tastes
yep
it's good you want me to make make you
one or do you want to make your own well
I prefer if you made me one because you
love me so-oh-oh fallen for me John I
just ate my stomach is full 0:01 it's
half it's your workout it's your summer
workout
what
so next investigation oh there's all
goodness me oh goodness me oh goodness
me what are you gonna do with it oh she
gets super cranky when life-changer she
just gets so annoyed at the whole
process she it's okay but it's kind of
funny yeah what sucks would pick out for
ya huh would you like to pick some socks
for yourself oh they would really match
yeah what do those ones okay you put
those on yes all right get those to
mommy and we'll put those purpley ones
on okay
hmm I really want to just play last of
us but I feel like if I could only do a
couple of sure at first like I just
finished off the waiting front I'm gonna
go cut the grass and so but I feel like
you just do a couple of chores and you
can kind of justify sitting around thank
you okay you know it's like work is done
I just worked this morning that I got to
vlog on that I did the waiting they do
the gardening immediately sweep I don't
know leave me a comment do I deserve it
right server she's been distracted by
her bows so she won't take the ball in
her head off
that's usually what I need to do when
I'm taking instagrams of her now she
doesn't sit still anymore she needs
something to be distracted by why do you
guys think she's so confused like she
doesn't like it she's like giving my
buzz back hi she's so confused
gonna try something new right this is
the bread were using but tuna right
I like tuna but I'm like I didn't want
to make the chicken like I made
yesterday so I was like why don't I try
something right why don't I fry up some
tuna with some chili sauce and so for
that I'm throwing an eggs like scramble
the eggs on top of it and then toast a
sandwich and then have it on this rye-oh
linseed bread thing that might be nice I
don't know it may not be nice it just
does there's always a chance it could be
nice that's right tuna have some Piper
first thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to
add the garlic and chili olive oil just
to key in because I want these to be
nice and fried up before I add the a key
part into them I'm going to put the
chili in here oh nice we fried
that's not in make sure it's nicely
mixed around oh all right that's a ten
all the other stuff about fish
this thing we sketch it on Mannix oh
geez
hey man rushed at the dance again today
because I only got two seen on them a
little bit of few yesterday so let me
just do everybody today we run new thing
at and newbies newbies you know look at
her she got brushed out and so to be
like oh what's up it that's the problem
what's the trap imagine us like the
hairstylist is that what it is
are you mocking me is that what you're
saying see lurking Oh jeepers I'm a
conehead do you do that give it to me
give it to me no don't be teasing me now
there you dangle it in front of me hit
fear
ah
and you guys have any idea yes it picks
up like a disturbance or something no it
doesn't sometimes it's like I know it's
supposed to like my microphone is about
to amp up when she makes a sound so it
picks up on sound but sometimes it just
goes okay well now she's actually awake
but sometimes actually just picks up
like the services and stuff it's really
weird you always get that is it a
poltergeist making a shoot juice it's
basically like em you put an apple and
then all the ingredients and then
another Apple on top and then push it
through
good that's the future hey hey baby
hello peep oh you stink your nappy
stinks let's turn this off you know did
you have a nice nap
hello Mia hi did you have a nice nap boy
your ball came out come on little
piggies this little piggy went to market
this little piggy stayed home
this little piggy it roast beef and this
little piggy had none and this fellow
piggy went all the way home
what are we having for lunch Oh some
bread with some tuna yes and I see you
have some spinach leaves in your other
hand
hmm some tomatoes um look she went for
all the tomatoes first they're all gone
for like two empty shelves she sucks the
juice out and then she just I kicked we
did it folks we did it ha completed last
of us I might I say I felt like standing
up and applauding
absolutely amazing out to flicked on the
multiplayer afterwards and it's actually
really good for multi parents not like
Call of Duty multiplayer it's really
good it's really slow and paste out and
stuff but they em oh don't only don't
leave comment if you've actually played
it and finish it like I'm terrified so
actually reading a spoiler but just
between you and me finish people out
there oh my goodness that ending oh and
there's definitely loads DLCs coming so
I hope that I really hope they extend
the story out but didn't you don't you
feel very conflicted about the ending
and if you're like huh you know I don't
know good what you're such a backer I
was listening to going like what exactly
exactly what's going on with my homemade
playpen just locked it off here huh
still not enough to contain the monster
is it look at that sky huh
that's amazing it's so beautiful at the
moment whoa
so it sweaty Sunday and I decided that
all the chores are done Last of Us is
complete I didn't want to play the last
of us I was basically doing it for the
developers I was like guys when should a
hostile Naughty Dog build that game and
I was like the least I can do as a sign
of respect
okay so I worked in a video game design
mark here okay I know what it's like
creating assets boom trading
environments and lighting to render any
shading the least like to do for a
fellow colleagues of mine is to complete
the game now I need to extend my sweaty
Sunday from video games to movies let
hope hope upon all hope that Ana and
Amelia's passport arrives tomorrow
because
oh maybe dad'll it like I said when are
you guys going to have the company meet
the Sorento so we'll make a list and we
put everyone's name down correctly no
she was helping me vacuum oh girl she is
so not afraid of the vacuum cleaner like
she was sticking her hands into it with
her fingers and then like she wanted it
stuck her she was like making her
clothes she was like giving the vacuum
cleaner her clothes to stuff off now
it's very important in mania when
watching a movie to have yourself on
movie snacks movies next ah movie scary
movies max what do you think try one
maybe get her water as well you want a
water to clear beer what did you just do
what did you just do doing drinking that
is the last glass we own and you just
smashed it
you have smashed every single glass
every single glass what that was my last
one and I was saving it so well
have you enjoyed movie matinee day with
all your fun seats huh
we have a request oh because skinny
she's gotten she's like it's Kinema
links now skimmer link blemings skinny
evenings so second ago I said we're
watching the show this call center show
on BBC tree and I said to Anna I was
just like are you watching it and I mean
is like she does sound like she's like
yep yep it just looks a bit like it I am
because I was beg to say like we put her
to bed but here like nope yeah I'm
watching that I'm watching that bad
what's your secret
tell me your secret
ah no way
hey Baba you gonna come to me you wanna
come to mommy
hello
give me kiss you mm-hmm see me dizzy hmm
I remember once when I was little I
think it was it was when we had just
moved to Ireland so I was part about
seven or eight no pockets yeah by that
age and we were living in our renting
renting hands so we call it it it has
what you write it before we bought our
family house that we my mom listen now
and in Ireland it gets um dark very very
late in the summer so like for example
it's like 10:00 or half past nine ten
o'clock right now and it's super bright
out as you can see um and I remember my
bedtime at the bed seven or eight was
probably like eight o'clock
something I thought so I remember um we
were put to bed and I think I slept for
like an hour or something and it must
mean because I wasn't really used to
this brightness but I got up the next
morning and I came down and my dad was
like dressed already and he was watching
TV and it was just really random and
weird was like what is he doing like why
isn't he in his dressing-gown and like
making breakfast and I came down I
remember his face was just like shocked
as well he was like what are you doing
I'm like what are you doing
I was like dad well like why are you
like then watching TV in the morning he
was like what document it's not the
morning it was like 9 10 o'clock at
night I had just slept for two hours and
woken up and I thought it was morning
and it was actually still the nighttime
it was just bright and so I always
remember that pretty funny huh
is that gonna happen to you probably not
cuz you're used to this Oh baby on the
move hmm I don't know how God does this
I prefer to I hold you when I'm older
but just yeah I don't like filming and
yeah I feel like it keeps me um
distracted a little bit so I prefer just
not filming and just concentrating on
her that's a lot braver than I am
hmm
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
