that's opera things I'd like to know if
you have the time to answer me like to
know the answer please
hey friend I see you've taken your socks
off
see you say oh no sucks I don't blame
you though because today it's like
Morocco temperature or something here
seriously just a next week pack up my
troubles and your old suit oh yeah
this is true we should actually booked a
hotel in Toronto we have my tailor now
my guy you guys live in Naples want to
put us up for two nights Internet come
on friend for like years even like I
think it's time to try something new
what do I try Old Spice gonna add you
know like you know usually a lot of
people skip the ads on YouTube right
you know what ad I always let players
DeLuca say that it does smell a nice
section I don't like sprays don't like
Rowland's but you know that what's that
you're drinking what's this I'm drinking
it's just a cool walking dog walking
Harvick
I always let that won't play out I
always let the over there you guys
should never ever skip ads
you sit down a cup of tea okay
but no alcohol I don't mind the alcohol
part does it get you drunk did you get
your seventeen pineapples I think so
this when I could look garlic and chilli
Haifa says he had never ever heard that
before
play for it Missy Old MacDonald stuff
over MacDonald what is he oh my god they
should then all MacDonald's farm yeah
they're crazy just lady the he is
actually insane so is this crow again
I'm not flying away I'm not afraid of
you whatever human 23 degrees oh my
goodness and it's so hot
think it'll be like this he didn't Santa
or hotter that's alright I can I can
kind of handle it something I my morning
became in the pool
few mojitos get this fifth day started
sunbathing oh I hate sunbathing it so
are you a son Bader or are you a king
doer
I just hate sunbathing it's so boring we
moved the CD to all things are gonna
change
are you laughing
he's clearly editing themselves boy we
left the fridge open so I'm trying to
clean it the fridge
we have this what seriously can so many
please tell me like I clean the fridge
like every week like that's kind of
insane or is that normal but I need to
because we get this water thing it just
leads
water continuously and then it gets all
mucky and gunky because all the veggies
get covered in it and it's just gross so
joy need to get that repaired or what's
going on because I don't know and then
look of you celery we use our stuff it's
a back because of the stupid water but
then it like freezes I know I mean yeah
I just need to get these symmetry all
clean and organized so this is only
gonna last like a couple of days though
cuz it just starts filling up again it's
really nice I don't know hey what are
you doing what are you doing I'm gonna
come to mummy she's ready for her nap
time you need to dig it now yeah Oh what
the kitchens all a mess and the Jews
needs to be clean and everything here
you go guys dirt why thank you my light
I made you oh it's gonna bit of every
seat there's nothing on it well what's
all that the fluffy things okay yeah
she's playing with the dog Sookie Oh
wasn't nothing that was one hell of a
reaction what's in there
avocado or something mm-hmm oh it's like
something texture extreme thanks a bunch
apples pineapple cucumber avocado long
as it made would loving care
yeah well then it's me that's all that
matters as long as you put in the love
and care that's because she's always
kicked off mine
you know I sleep on like the tiny corner
of a pillow this is me there's there's a
pillow right you've got Cena here I'll
be here no joke he is like in the corner
like the dogs now and then in the other
side you've got Anna who seems like
boobs like here then you got Emilio like
drum from the boob milk this morning she
woke up at 6:00 and like you think oh
but she probably went to bed early
no she went bad like 10 I think yeah her
bedtime is supposed to be an iron pot I
never get her in bed for a night it's
always around more so 10 but um and then
she recedes till 8 which is 10 hours
like that's you know that's really good
but um this morning she's worth it yeah
this morning she woke up at 6:00 I was
like no cuz I wanted to sleep way longer
and I think I got to bed on like two
because I was doing my video so that's
not enough sweet day for us about a
gardener sometimes it's really hard to
tell the difference between weeds
election plants like this thing here
that looks pretty that's my room if it's
pretty it stays that may be a weed maybe
oh wait it is a wheat is it I don't know
it's a very pretty weed
maybe it'll stay
so I am brushing it the doggies mean he
has a seat taking him in that and look
you brushed it you know so I'm on my
second donkey but Joe fee is I've been
Jonathan for ages about the front garden
and you guys don't ever see it because
you don't see the front of our house but
the weeds are like coming up to our
neighbors wall or like I guess it's our
wall - but it's really embarrassing
because I knew her on one side he's like
his garden is so perfect and like
manicured it's like this kind of
paradise I mean it's just like black and
white the contrast really
it's so embarrassing but um yeah our
weeds are like coming up to like his
wall and I'm just like Jonathan it's so
embarrassing we died or a gardener
because I can't do the cart I can't do
weeding not that I would want to anyway
but I actually can't because of the hay
fever I would just get like really you
know sneezy and it just would be
horrible my eyes would start watering so
I can't do it so I was just gonna hire
somebody and I guess Jonathan was just
like eventually after so many weeks of
me nagging him he's gone and he's done
it himself
I'm gonna call somebody you probably was
like he didn't want to spend the money
sister himself better now though you
didn't see it beforehand so it's kind of
hard feet even realize that what that is
better alright the weeding is done
one dog I can take one dog with me one
doggie who's it gonna be who's it gonna
be okay
only one Theodore it's Neal you see you
hints - you do so I'm just gonna cook
some chicken up just just to try ahead
okay not not not for any other reason
for experimental purposes only
maybe you stay away from here though - I
on my splatter you smell the garlic and
the chilies and stuff it's not right
hey buddy hey hey hey Fred hi hi
you have a good snoozy jacuzzi yugioh
pleased to meet you thank you know why
didn't you yeah
nice four hours over there good I'm
optimistic about this and smells amazing
but I had some zucchini yeah you excited
mm-hmm
excited to find out just take this
little bit of chicken here hmm
juice is an event garlic the chili
tastes lip hmm it's good
where the hell is the cover of the oh
here it is okay so I'm gonna blend it I
just put a quarter of a caddo in here
with the rest of the juice and all right
to try a different one it's like the
Douglass one I don't usually use this
one bites how to try that for a change
cuz I find it when I go to I just don't
get enough time so I put in the number
six to seven four oh please wait it's so
thick I like the thick ones cuz I feel
like they owe that was a love gross oh
my god oh my god it's okay okay
I'm not joking this happened before
it's mr. bull's voice she doesn't like
washing up I always find like this part
here is like the most important part the
other part Washington that water is not
as important but this part is the part
that you never get time actually do
enjoy is Russian
all right okay so Amelia has thing I'm a
cat was obviously or bovines I what it's
called bovine animal yeah see she's fine
now but she was watching Peppa Pig and
last time this happened I was it's okay
you stay here I was talking to him
Jonathan and she turned a whinging and
then I looked at the screen I remember
mr. bull was on the screen and just now
she did the same thing and mr. bull was
on the screen that is so crazy she just
doesn't know because his voice is kind
of like oh my god he says Moo that's why
he says Moo that's what he says he goes
oh she obviously doesn't like that oh my
god so I just figured it in my head just
now yeah but it's okay because he did so
the Christmas tree and now he's gone oh
my goodness I was just reading in news
that the u.s. what is it like
I think it's Arizona Phoenix Arizona
here 47 and Death Valley in California
51 degrees
oh my god and you guys actually lived
there does it hurt to breathe and you
guys live there Sony is there a map
thing no it's not a map thing yeah hey
friend hey foot friend you my foot
friend you my foot friend so I don't
have enough well you aren't you aren't
having enough at all you're having none
of it
none of a not none of a nap huh so I'm
trying to play the rest of us here but
it's not working out is it friend is it
because she's mobile it'll put her down
for half a second query you you're in
the dog food you're out in the garden
you're under the TV you're everywhere
there's like 50 of you you move swiftly
and silently silently in the night you
could be eating like some sort of a
ninja ninja baby that's it you are all
babies are
at one point in their life hmm then they
become ogre trolls like dad seems to
find
all right that affects my brain the
things we do for love
like making babies laugh fans guided and
I feel like the guy you just heard she
wants to make up did you wanna break Oh
me convince me
alright so how about you and me go
splitsies right we'll cook up the
chicken so we have decided what's
happening media are gonna have ah no we
broke the camera we're having an emotion
a night and I like the way you move
pretty baby
it's party time and move be my baby did
it did it is you know what what you owe
me
Saturday night and your hands without it
hasn't him pretty baby
so oh that's like old scoops don't do
that anymore or the Gangnam style was
wouldn't get no that was a bit of it
that was a bit of a dance but they don't
they don't want to do that anymore today
come on who's the other one nice
Saturday night comes no one Oh was it
Saturday night only on the side in
Saturday night was the second one the
first one come on and we don't let the
lineup with the Disco's need be like oh
no you're not I mean if you David good
be getting the shift oh yeah
so it was important to go home and land
into Maryland
that's the best way to em if you ever
want to take pasta out of your pot right
and you don't want to strain yourself
just use a strainer you want strain
yourself and this is what we've ended up
with oh yeah
past the nicely done we've got our pasta
all made ready to go upstairs wake up
mommy okay she said about eight o'clock
and we're five minutes late okay so you
wait there a second okay with your
friends
you guys look after Emilio hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
