Boombah Boombah key do my name's Amelia
and I love you
hi hello so Amelia is having um some
blueberries you can't do them anymore
because I think she ate them all or else
she dropped a few I'm not sure yeah I
think she actually ate them I love my
new MacBook thank you so much Joe ffice
we're getting it for me I just
it makes editing and all that kind of
stuff and blogging so much easier still
trying to get used to it though
last night I was having like a breakdown
because I couldn't get anything to work
right because you get used to the PC and
then you just like you're programmed
like literally to function that way and
to do things a certain way so just takes
a bit of getting used to but I love it
just hanging with dodgy friends Oh get
your sister he's just scared
oh yeah when she's on yeah oh that's
good for you just like not dragged off
that's it that rooms up that room's
off-limits
okay I'm doing the giveaway picking the
winner so there were 73 entries all
together 73 people put up pictures on
the Facebook event page I included like
if you were in a picture with somebody
else and you tagged that person I
included that person too because that
person came to the event all you had to
do was really come to the event okay
let's go ready
27 and that is una Fitzgerald yay
congratulations
una this is everything that you won uh I
have a video on it on my channel I'm not
gonna go through it again cuz I just
finished packing it but um yeah we will
ship oh no you need to send me your
address so you send me your address I
will send you a message anyway on
Facebook um so send me your details and
I will ship that at you as soon as
possible and congratulations and thank
you to everybody that entered or is the
media what do you have in your mouth oh
Jesus
Oh Holy Mary oh my goodness what do you
have in there oh it's a piece of plastic
this is why I need yep because you put
all kinds of things into your mouth hmm
there's your friend what's in your box
what's in your box what toy have you
guys Oh No ha ha ha yeah go in a box
conf us Oh see I was gonna dog he'll
just go to sleep now he's like okay oh
he looks perfect oh jeez Johnson John
Matthews oh jeez
okay no he's very much sure about this
game anymore
yeah I like trust every other dog 100%
except Alby but it's not like he's in an
aggressive dog he's just scared of
everything
oh yeah careful careful careful
over yeah that's really scary to me
what Sears me with every other dog it's
like she could pull their hair she could
do anything stuck what was Alby he's
just special okay when was the first
born you know what oh he's a really cute
dog like a bomb he gets a hard rap okay
and pio in the van I didn't kiss you on
the mouth
um you and Nevaeh always bully him you
were too mobile i never bully anybody
this she thinks she's part of the gang
coming over to get some food
you don't eat from there I just feel
loved the thing and she's like oh yeah
oh yeah do not do not do it do not what
do you do huh
what are you doing you're gonna steal
that food laundry basket so full of
clothes I feel that life
so it's nap time now why don't you get
these cheese bumps and scratches on her
face I swear to god she's just like in
everything yeah okay so oh it's so sad
technically you're supposed to take
these down at five months but I moved
hers up high so that she couldn't reach
it but like I mean she's not pulling
herself up quite yet but I mean you are
supposed to take it down when she's like
five months because it says it on the
packaging but I don't want to because
it's so pretty and I love it so much and
I I don't you know I want to hang it
somewhere else then but I just can't
think what to do with it so let me know
what you guys think like what do you do
with your baby's mobiles afterwards if
you want to like I don't want to just
put that away and save it for the next
baby like I want this to be in her room
but it just so
it's like things go so fast and you know
you buy all this stuff we were always
talking about this Jonathan and I you
buy all this stuff for your baby and
then like months later it's already out
of use it's so weird
anyways look we're gonna get you dressed
oh my God look at this was it you're the
best thing I've ever made what is
amazing you mean others oh nice they are
so nice doc Tennessee I want to print
that out I want to print that out blow
down there's another one of me kissing
her and it's like and I read this month
and you're reading it you're like what
is it see and then you're like I
actually said that I actually said that
you're the best thing I remain my one
it's can you say study her and I'm like
oh now my life is complete since I had
you or something on so cute what's we
blog what does that mean
I think what's notes like this girl's
like Vicki right she's like making hey
guys I'm sorry I've been gone so long
um you know if you guys want me to do I
don't know she just it's amazing and
then people give her like requests that
thing I pictured oh I need to blow it up
I need to save that off
that is amazing don't be such a cool
blown a picture to have I'm like whoa
wha
you guys are amazing we didn't even know
hey did I hear a little baby
did I hear a little baby are you doing
needle you need a little cup of digging
like boom boom please mr. Gela won't you
said maja baby-free she yeah how that
goes on about ashes like arrows
she hasn't heard this song guys no dying
this is one of the old downside so to
having such an awesome this distance
maserati is like knocking tonight this
Maserati is amazing at all you know it's
such a beautiful engine a car it's got a
Ferrari Testarossa engine in it you know
but the one downside is that trying to
get it serviced or anything is so
difficult there's one Maserati for like
a Ferrari dealership up in Belfast I
don't want to go to Delphi because I
think the sound that the power steering
pump in it I can hear it's like sounds I
go obviously need to be pumped reside I
know it is what so I'm heading into the
guy a member and that you see at my
Porsche look after feels like a Porsche
machinist dude and I was like a German
car specialist I'm like how do you feel
about Italian cards right so look at
that Testarossa engine beautiful so yeah
turns out it was actually no oil india
in the actual car or not the cart in the
steering pump oh right oh my goodness it
was actually like driving a brand new
car home that's golden genius you're in
court you get your car serviced des
golden is the man oh my goodness it was
like Hera was looking at like stumps
slow pumps are so bad he was like put
their oil thing and I was like ah oh my
god he's amazing he was amazing
he's doing he's our new best friend you
went your Hello Kitty deal she's got a
cupcake
I always put that in her I don't put it
in here put that on her when I stick it
onto the thing I don't know I don't know
I'd leave it in the car I leave it as a
car toy because it might not actually
make it any pop friend
what do i doing why am i home in this
water Oh get this new shout this is
nobody trying to go in Oh God
Hey Amelia's like why are my toys in the
shop
yeah we've so much stuff from this store
oh yeah I'll forget that lets it go
advanced I don't think she's ready for
it yet um go get you into the geodes
walk to go on this things like to be
able to use this jet fuel to walk scored
the last one was at the back hidden
gingerbreads oh yeah
yeah we tried them before the toasties
gonna have so much this time you're
going gonna go in your high chair
hey you just pushed her away I think
we're going to get a new stroller today
for the drop leg what you think we're
gonna get new stroller why it's cool
Oh open it
just make actually maybe take off her
hoodie yeah it's pretty good hot yo my
hat
I like your sage green bow too much your
pen how pretty
you're such a pretty girl look what we
got we got hurt a kid's ham sandwich and
a smoothie be careful oh my goodness
she's drinking from the glass for the
first time I'm telling you guys she's
getting more and more hungry for food
for solid food like she finished
everything and then she was like peeking
at little crumbs on her table and that's
him what she dropped now I know to most
normal people that fight was like a lot
but permian that's not a lot - she
actually ate you know a good woman part
of the sandwich she had she finished her
entire smoothie I don't like I should
have gotten her room
race mommy up oh hey hi good luck he's
gone it's obviously faster I'll probably
open the door now and they'll feel like
but people waiting almost good
he's go will you whine boo-boo come on
in friend when I say
give this friend this one is gone where
are you that's good he's ready to write
back hi yeah I know yeah wheels I like I
like it in blue you know like it no yeah
I like it or not gonna make it in blue
you like it hands up hands up if you
want it you pushing your baby you need
fire girl you should get her own one
thanks she's pushing it on huh any
update to move for a little bit Oh bring
up a heck that'll be honey you know we
have our next baby
Emilio be able to look after her look
she like rocker to Steve
look she's realized a little thing at
the back to hold on to I love this
silver cross in Econ when you guys have
one of these and you can tell us
anything we should look at for our
little hints and tips look at that
that's so good for the sunshade and then
we bought where's the other stuff done
yeah we bought this oh yeah you read me
over so you got this thing it's an
outlook sleep pod so it's it's like
where's a yeah 94% of UV or it blocks it
out and it's breathable so that would
kind of if she falls asleep and then I
don't wanted to get this thing I don't
know what it is oh oh it's Dora snacks
in it we adding this is really cool it's
so much easier to move around you know
huh yeah Wow
you guys ready you guys ready attack oh
goodness oh goodness
Bianca always Bianca lies behind care we
have a long-standing tradition this
house
that when new things are bought a job
must be placed there usually Alby yeah
this is very nice he was like oh - hey
I'm trying out here you gonna push Alby
you're gonna push your baby out me oh my
goodness what is even happen your dream
grandpa sit train goes to to to to to to
to to to grandpa's it train goes to to -
Oh Dave oh hello Robbie I'll be loves it
shorter though good
he just likes being treated like a
little dog that's what he like what in
the dinner thing all right my new
carriage please push me around child Oh
midday coffee time you know what that
means
heating is last of our time and I met a
lady are snoozing wait a second this is
a nice high you want a coffee
always why these are questions that need
answers
you guys are supposed to be napping
right now what oh is it okay well you
don't need to nap but you know what's
gonna happen
last time last almost turn
all eyes on us all eyes on us all eyes
on us tonight we are making fools do you
think they're like cool faster hoops and
chicken chicken pasta hula hoops with
cherry tomato and Parmesan me wipes sure
we go here we go a little friend and yes
yes we're watching our own vlog okay
no judging whoo excited you excited it's
past the chicken parmesan baby tomatoes
let's leave it there for a minute to
cool them people did for me did you
enjoy that meal
Amelia oh the last one hey get your
phaser and Boombah Boombah t do my
name's Amelia and I love you
oh haha you gonna get it you gonna get
it you're gonna get it come on you have
to get into your box
are you up to miss you are you
mischievous
all right
my night friends hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
