like all in the space
oh no it's God look at you
I don't know what you're talking to that
hmm now drink this up young lady that's
your medicine mm-hmm what are you doing
excuse you
she just starts looking back at me like
this total let's work on her phrase like
this like she knows she's nothing look
at me
she's so cute touch it and then I can
look back at me like look what I got you
know she's not supposed to be touching
that what are you doing I just put him
in it down and usually by this time I'm
like dressed and up and ready and I just
think that that has a huge effect on my
mood like I'll feel so much more awake
when I'm dressed and have my makeup on
and everything and it's like purely
psychological but I actually make sense
like right now I just feel like I want
to go back to bed but I know that if I
went back to bed and stayed in my PJs
all day I'd actually feel worse so I'm
gonna go and get dressed plus like um I
mean I want to I don't want to spend the
whole day in bed I've just been feeling
really tired I don't know is it cuz I
don't know I don't know why but I've
just maybe it's the juicing actually
maybe I need to like stop having just
juice for breakfast and that's just not
enough for me I don't really know but I
do know that like when I try and cut
down on like carbs or like not that I
was doing that intentionally but you
know like I've been doing the juices and
then like a salad for lunch and as much
as that's healthy it's like I don't know
I feel like every time I try and cut out
carbs or anything or like whole grains
even my body like suffers like I just
get super tired so I don't know whether
that I might go back to eating my
porridge for breakfast even though the
juice is good but I just dropped that on
and Erica and I got into town and I am
going to try I think you know when
Amelia crawling itself I was thinking
about it and I was like oh my goodness I
think I should actually go and get out
on got myself dressed and ready just on
time for a minute to wake up from her
nap
to your point thing she's crying let's
go get her
wakey-wakey
what was all that about huh look at you
you're not even dressed mommy didn't
even dress you before your morning nap
did you scratch yourself Oh No
look at your face I just cut your nails
Oh Sergei means look at our wall mantid
stubbornness under phones my brother and
we just spent the last like 20 minutes
walking I hear on the phone talking
about lack of us sign you're like oh my
reaction here because I was looking at
the wall at it I was gonna like wall
mount the TV you know and I rang him and
I was like try wall mount the TV you
know one of these things you know cuz
he's the trees the same TV as me and
he's trails Dylan Dylan's never pulled
it down so I was like cuz I panic you
know like should I get a big fragment of
wall TV but then you have the cables
hanging out unless you build into the
back of the TV so I think I'm not gonna
get it but
any comments you guys have ever had a
situation like that where you've seen a
kid like cuz like we have the Samsung I
think it's like a 50-inch or something
but it has like a thing in the bottom
which stops it from falling over she
does not like I'm sorry if my mom is
watching this but she does not really
like she doesn't trust this guy the moo
cow hi she's not even reacting now but
earlier I was trying to do like the
different sounds and stuff maybe it's
cuz the moon I don't know but she or
maybe because it's black hey what do you
think huh don't eat that as paper don't
eat that it's paper
she's cut like eight teeth now so she
liked actually chomps on things the
conspiracy
there's the conspiracy so I was up in
Harvey Norman's in the Lila and I
decided I would get out of something
boom sorry sir so leg
good answer PC world so that good Anna
Curry's so that I'm never gonna Harvey
Norman out in whatever you call that ran
in a bad place up here I'm like oh come
on come on because what I wanted to get
out of it anyway is that we're coming
close to Anna
putting up a video everyday for 30 days
for the month of June and you know what
she did it she actually put up a video
every single day for the month of June
and I was like I'm gonna veritable it
she stuck to something and she actually
accomplished it so I was like you know
what I'm gonna reward you because she's
using my old
xbs system for editing your video and
it's kind of crap is it's the sound of
is it the sound you don't like it no I'm
gonna put it away
okay sorry oh hey see she doesn't like
the dark things Hey okay what about this
one ah it's a pink does look a little
weird oh you know that so I've drawn my
adventuring I got one look inside the
box
I won't take it out that much and oh I
try to get this em they sell these like
clear pink covers but the only one you
have was the grass green the kind of
shop was like telling me is like no no
that's the only pink when they have and
stuff when I was like so while he was
off getting the MacBook I just went on
to Google onto eBay and I saw like tons
of like candy pink I think it's a the
more term that I don't once I know what
you want so I was like um you know what
I'll just get it on eBay myself but I'm
because I didn't how I did you'd be like
oh my god the trouble she can have my
laptops and stuff you know and I knew I
was gonna get it when I was just like oh
well you know maybe you just like put it
in the fridge from the rendering or it
went you know I was like opening a
window putting the laptop by the window
going I got enough air in here jump jugs
jokes hey
so he finally made it we're dead stairs
I've got my video filmed everything I
needed to do they're done and Jonathan
still out he said he's gonna pick up
lunch and I think everybody is still
teething because she keeps chewing on
her hands and she gets really upset if I
put her like lying down flat which if
she's not pointing to bad obviously so
and she keeps like just chewing and like
drooling and stuff like that so I feel
kind of I feel bad for her but um yeah
hopefully she'll be satisfied there for
a little bit because I need to get some
chores done we need to put on a little
laundry and do the vacuuming and there
was something else
Oh clean up the poop I might pass that
on to Jonathan though cuz we all know if
that's not like that's not a job for
ladies all along Bianca and who is it
newbies oh you guys are getting along
good time look and see babies
they're gonna get in the ingredients and
maybe making Jana's pie again I would
like Donald MacDonald did have a farm
I suppose he's unknown
we should totally get them because I
knew she always get new things try new
things so jokey jokes is taking his
suite
you don't want time with getting back
with lunch and it's now quarter past
three and I'm just like I'm so hungry
and the meeting I was getting like
looking for a boob when she doesn't
usually get a boob at this time so even
though I'm looking very lopsided right
now but that's completely off topic but
seriously it's like bad anyways um she
favors one boob over the other and then
I end up like only filling open one and
looking for a lopsided so I gave her
some grapes to snack on before lunchtime
what's that
you licked your macbook huh no longer do
you have to suffer with that one at the
window is a good side thing or something
I do I that's why I was I was gonna open
in the car and I was like no no I always
did a terrible his life would open his
pirate was a pirate but no no yo he
beckoned building my pirate ship yeah he
has that trait like even being it's
something new he's like oh cool so it's
like opening it up and like putting it
together I'm like Johnny like he just
doesn't realize oh my god is he's like
you can't open your pirate ship until
after dinner or church or something
right i and then we went off to it and
then we came back and he spilled it on
me you know I would never do that
I still remind him every year about that
like you know you would do that on
purpose I wouldn't ask you would take
all the times when I stopped you and I'm
like what are you doing and you're like
oh yeah it's like you just the novelty
of opening a new toy I did I should
start up an unboxing channel that'd be
like my fetish just unboxing things
send me things just unbox that's it Oh
box different guys I need you to open it
I don't know you can't leave an unopened
box you sitting around there
sorry watchman - oh I just like to point
out at me dad batting me over the head
it's never like it happened the other
day
it was not caught on camera because I
have yet to buy my own blood but I tell
you if I had my own blood I would have
caught LA I heard I recited the actual
budget and so I can't even no evidence I
can't even show you what he did he
buttoned me and why were your bucket
because it was American and it early
hours of tomorrow ha
look at this mess you've made I'm gonna
show you a trick have you cleaned that
up see that mess go over to the nearest
door let him a herd of wild beasts and
watch that mess just disappear
you know it's fun time the jokester
Union doesn't like cows cows and witches
she is not a fan of the witches it's
okay
jokes jokes yeah did you play with her
in stuff so it's not serious all the
time but she kind of just hates you
hello Mackintosh this is perfect for
your juicing I know apples this dog
juice don't use a Macbook okay you have
it the wrong way around
I know what you're thinking because that
that looks that way okay well we're
gonna have okay step one you need a
little thing in there what you can do it
I don't figure that come on I know oh no
it's gone look at you look at you
yogurt fair no she ate the whole yogurt
huh the first time friend in crazy mode
crazy mode activated crazy mode pause
crazy motor turn racing motor turn
oh it's midday coffee a couple of new
chocolate chip hob knobs and you know it
any you guys actually go to the
University of Eastern Colorado
what's up oh my God look I was actually
in your University on a horse what's up
my friend
do you have a nice mu Z Susie did you
have a nice movie Susie and it's
upstairs fast asleep
oh my goodness just seen I no spoilers
right but when you guys get to this part
- dance but no spoilers no spoilers
because that is that is the kind of game
where you don't normally like when
you're gonna buy a game or something
that you might go oh you gonna buy
anything you always go to youtube you
like watch a video like I don't you
don't look matter what the product is
anything I'm looking at first thing to
do YouTube video of it yeah because
though back in the day was always like
Google Image you know need to look at
picture of this hanging icon different
angles now it's like whatever you're
thinking of whatever product you're
thinking of somebody has made a video of
them showing it you know well normally
or games and stuff I might like watch a
few levels or get an idea of what it's
about you know with this thing no I
didn't look at anything because I don't
want any spoilers
cuz this thing is like it's like a movie
oh my god I think every single day since
I bought it I've talked about it it's so
amazing in that you need some amazing
yeah do you love it do you love it what
do you love
yeah you trying to get in the swing
don't stand up
I thought you better stand up Freddie
best if you don't stand up okay - I was
like all guy Ricky stands up ship all
over the little baby corn from the NAR
jpe thing evolving on some rock holy
fantastic leap right right
now that's at the core massage and
emerge Oh
Oh hold on emergency situation let's
take this disgusting little shrimpy baby
up to her bath time okay yeah ready for
a bath you know Amy okay everything's
done it's time to brush it to these okay
you're gonna brush your - it's like a
good girl yeah good girl she knows what
to do okay we're ready to read our book
your bedtime story in a night when I say
night-night see see you tomorrow
see you tomorrow guys Mina she loves her
book me as a mate mate mate hey hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
