um what's going on oh okay okay oh hi
guys eat up you know don't you give them
Oh what are we done
place is an absolute tip I still haven't
put things away that I need to put away
from like ages ago it's so annoying
Amelia broke this frame which I haven't
even put a picture in yet and Josie
broke the second of our wine glasses
really have to your wedding present so
what kind of sucks it's not really his
fault cause I did I don't even think it
was this fall I think it just kind of
happened like my accident but it's just
because it was a wedding present it
sucks but accidents happen that's life
so anyways I need to get a little bit
organized did you stop everywhere but
I'm gonna try this clear skin elixir
again cuz I think um I'm just hoping
that it'll work basically - haha hi
friend
let's get NGP company huh Oh huh
and he's having a rough day humour eyes
talking eight years ago but I am that
spiraling thing that sometimes happen
with them anyone that has like
depression or life you know it's like
every now and again it happened that
today is one of those days you know it
just feeling when I woke up I could feed
it I knew I knew those one of those
spirally days and I could even when I
was doomed to work and stuff when I
could just feel it going and then I was
just like ah this is all like whoa ah
sometimes if you just talk it out me
just talking out your friend you just
talk it out your friend everything is
better now right little buddy now my
friend well my friend
sometimes it's hard
but you gotta check yourself that's what
I was saying before you know you gotta
check yourself and make sure that you
know what's going on make sure you know
that that is what's happening and then
once you you know realize it and check
yourself and remind yourself that this
is this happens you know what I mean and
then you can sort of work on big
breaking it down getting through it and
it's gone and then you can carry on
going carry on
huh yeah yeah you can helpful you have a
little baby girl like this oh did you
see eat it to the counter yesterday you
got good luck today all in it no more
breakfast
mmm some moving smoothly huh yeah we
multi having a movie time you're my best
friend you're my best baby friend my
best daughter huh you're my daughter
that's weird sometimes I forget nothing
I have to get you my daughter now but I
forget I call a daughter it's like what
huh see what hmm like what yeah I love
you so we're just putting media in the
cutest outfit it's from my mom and um
hold on guys I'm coming back down okay
hold on place is a mess
but anyways it's on my mom I think it's
from ah
it's super cute it's like leopard print
and oh no oh no you took off your bow
hey no no let's not touch that okay
she's obsessed with everything all right
look at this effort though it's so cute
she's got like the kind of um uh-huh no
uh-uh
what is that color it's like um luminous
with numinous green in there and then
she's wearing her leopard pants and her
top says amor but she's all in like this
watermelon color Chiaki has a watermelon
bow new from Lanie buck this one I think
is actually called watermelon am i right
yep watermelon but I was going to put it
in but then I wanted to tie in with the
turquoise in there so I put that in but
she got so many new bows anyways we're
gonna take an outfit of the day picture
now okay
particular for the morning hmm I always
say that but I never arms are closed and
Joe is like why do you bother like I
don't know I just I'm a stickler putting
on him
I just I really feel like I need to iron
clothes or me oh jeez had a shower and
the schmear you I think I kind of looked
in a mirror and I thought you know what
beardy my beer scene is getting a little
out of control
alright just hair growing my hair
shouldn't grow gym here go here go here
Oh Jimmy oh look at you crawling around
the house huh yeah little crawly monster
oh I don't know visible oh that got
thrown away I got discarded I got
discarded we're gonna keep on going
keep on go on yet is now your band what
is this what's the plan that's the plan
and oh what's the plan I'm just gonna
push that back and forth oh okay we
don't want that one in there don't we
going that one in there Ryder yep
just push it away okay let's pull it
back then all right
you're so funny you're so funny
let's go mm-hmm look really pretty today
by the way yeah you look pretty every
day so I'm his mom rang at about was it
one o'clock or something I bet when I
talk to me to see me like oh yeah sure
and then we got stuck in a conversation
and it's now 2 o'clock and we're here
now
and
oh and I was lying thanks for watching
Lauren she meet Lauren who's you wait
yeah she's due right now she had him she
had a micro now shows the micro naps all
right well I'm in there in the entrance
she's in here and let's have a look at
this nice Bistro Set bistro set huh
we own the Bistro this is my baby oh
sorry which one you wanted me out you
already have she got what about these
ones with the studs all the boys would
be like one will you want them not the
splitted ones I thought you wanted to
get a matching one from you and Amelia
so you could be all like cool or
matching I did but they don't have my
size you can always buy some when we get
there
no that's stupid idea where we just buy
everything we got there we'll just go
with nothing just like two empty
suitcases or three empty suitcases huh
we do that right those ones never
weigh-in clothes you always see this
kind of stuff right
how come there's none that says cork
much morning I'm that had cork on it
like you could have like the Elysium
here or like darling did you imagine
never it always like New York Paris like
all the cool cities imagine had like
cork I would totally buy it for such a
small little strip money thing she's
walked around that way we're walking her
in this way we're like circling each
other we can't find each other in like
the world small in the shopping center
oh goodness how did you stay one place
this is where Bianca buys all her
clothes yeah that's what we're here for
Alex on honey energy bracelet No Oh
nobody my total Aras anything she don't
like shy some oh I know what she okay
but I do like it ain't you like friend
oh don't think there we could play toys
though yeah my break okay so uh anna has
decided so Anna is gonna her mom Jean
and I'm gonna pick up Erika
we're gonna go to avenues and Douglas
summer nights pick a barrack and I was
like wondering you to head off to a
restaurant and I'll go pick Aditi's okay
you stay there friend
oh where is it you think you like tea I
know that's why I was looking for huh
it's nice Oh yoga works John some yoga
you like that chair yeah by hating stuff
what are you gonna do how is that better
all right movie score let's get here Oh
Thai green curry he's dead
he's a panda
oh yeah look Beth twinsies huh
we're like twins oh wow I suppose the
did yes
hey you seen on myself you got to be
jealous
no boo scatter friend oh you're breaking
on over stop check uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
uh-huh
this is this is obviously the cooler
side of the table junk any know you
enjoying that you enjoy that muchif
right
look at this mess good is it good is it
good
well this is a tricky experience so it's
not change chase it there so we have to
do it in toilet didn't just film my June
glossybox
that's everything you gotta admit if
you're interested check it out on the
stolid and now I'm super tired oh my god
uh-huh just cuz we were I don't know not
just from filming that video um and I
had to undo my button on my friends
because I think I don't know I feel
really bloated
I don't know that sometimes happens when
I don't drink enough water so I think
that's my that might be why but just
ever since lunch and I ate light like I
had a salad it was the Greeks or the
Mediterranean salad but yeah I had to
open up my pants
I feel super bloated so I don't know
what's going on
maybe I'm just fat oh and I got a new
bracelet do you guys like it it's the UM
hold on there you go
it's the Alex and Annie topaz one
because
happen was um I was gonna get a bracelet
for my sister she doesn't watch this I
wanted to get her in Alex and Annie
bracelet I'm not gonna say any for
anymore but anyways I saw one that I
really like for myself and I was like so
hesitant about getting it because I
didn't want to get my sister a present
and then like get myself the same thing
like that tends really that seems really
selfish or something but um my mom and
actually my mom got this she ended up
buying it for me because I wasn't going
to get it for myself so that was really
nice of her but I hope my sister doesn't
watch this video anyways I need to like
take a nap or something right now cuz
I'm about to fall asleep
oh hi dokie it's a second second coffee
daytime see this is usually when Hannah
and I media will go for enough and
that's like the only time where I get to
play last of us so what I do is that I
sacrifice my nap I drink more coffee and
I get to play last of us until they wake
up which is usually about an hour or two
and then um and then like it's almost
blogs and Huck anyway lots of them and I
or anyway so I always like to get to the
vlogs early see you see see who the real
hardcore bunch are who these comments
and SIG's a god alright look how cute
when Amelia came down um and was on her
play mat all the dogs like flocked
around her it's like they just wait time
they just love her oh jeez
welcome you use me good lovely just
careful I take it you know good gir so
good you be nice to newbies don't
scrunch her okay
excuse me where you off to
are you coming to get that she came to
get a little tiger toy where are you off
to friend are you off to getting this is
that what you wanted huh
come back in there look at you huh look
at you crawling all over the place huh
you're gonna head back oh look at her
training at your head now - ah do you
like Billy bear mm-hmm she loves that
don't tell Dad okay don't tell Dad we
opened it without him hmm
give her some Billy bear ham which is
actually sausage I think it doesn't look
down those guys look it's kind of gross
well we need to get rid of it so
Jonathan bought it and then he was like
don't give a dirt it's got all these
like additives and things in it I was
like oh well I'll just give her one
sorry see if she liked it and of course
she likes it close talking to my friend
yesterday she like Oh her kids love it
so when she was like yeah kids love I
remember getting that when I was a kid
but I mean it's just one slice it's not
gonna hurt huh
don't tell a dad though okay why are you
completely out of focus
don't talk daddy shed some grapes as
well aren't some other healthy things
though we're about to bet balance we're
bouncing it out um what's going on oh
okay okay oh hi guys you know you know
don't you give them Oh what have we done
is so funny Oh No hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
