teach it in their friend
guess who slept 10 hours not you oh
you're so cute Nevaeh
recentiy cutie pie 10 hours last night
this little Missy right here she slept
10 hours in her own room she slept like
about 10 o'clock at night till what was
it eight or okay after a talk she was
like half past eight so it was a little
bit more than that so that made mommy
very happy and now we're gonna have some
breakfast so for this morning's juice I
think I'm gonna do the clear skin elixir
because I want clear skin but yeah it's
to Apple it's a handful of spinach
quarter medium cucumber one stick celery
and half an avocado so that sounds
pretty easy come on lazy bones come on
lazy Nikki baby come on lazy dad oh he
got muesli all over her hair you should
put it in her ears she did all kinds of
things didn't you don't know where you
got that from yeah it did and then she
had a poopy nappy so she's all cleaned
up now for the most part so maybe a few
musi flakes in her ear good night mmm
something wrong with this footage I
think Amelia may have finally kills this
camera I was editing the video here cuz
I had a line so I ended up at an Indian
Lake which is like such a bad idea I
should just go back to the 88 a.m. and
that's because then it's done before
everyone's already gets up and now yeah
trying to edit it and Anna is heading it
so she's getting ready and stuff so it's
quite difficult it's easier to do one
ma'am
everybody's still asleep in the morning
so I'm getting ready to go for a kind of
like mommy's lunch type thing I'm going
out with my friend and then there's also
a mom and then one of her friends whom I
met at my friend's daughter's
christening and we hit it off really
well so we're all going and we're all
mommy's is also and I think we all
definitely need a well-deserved break
because sometimes you guys out there
know if your mom sometimes you just need
a break as much as we love our kids and
we love looking after them and all that
kind of thing sometimes you just need a
break like for example from this okay so
the media was up here earlier and I was
trying to get ready and trying to just
like get everything together
and all she wants to do now is pull
things out so she pulled out like first
I gave I attempted to give her the toys
she didn't really seem not interested in
them so she started pulling it her dad
sucks and then she went for the laundry
basket of all the clothes that she got
from subscribers that I still need to
sort out she started eating all the
labels then she ended up up in the hall
because I don't know what if she's
crawling shuffling whatever but she's
mobile I don't even know it's like I
don't even see her move but next thing I
look and she's like halfway across the
room so I don't know
but before Ike what I need to like clean
all this up so this is stressing me out
and also it's laundry day for the sheets
so I need to take off all the sheets and
put them in the wash
whoo it just never ends but I'm so happy
that I'm going out for lunch I don't
know I've just been looking forward to
it all week long you know that sounds
really sad but sometimes it's something
as simple as that that you just need to
do as a mom you look so hot though
seriously I loved it they have new pants
are you looking let's eat you and your
topping she looks really
maybe it's a juicy unit I don't think so
you look amazing though oh crap this is
anything new at the Bubba are you quick
before she wakes up hey I'll be Donna
one chance is all you get
hi friend hi friends wait you up there
you just hanging about what do you get
the num-nums
do you play sure does suck you appeared
to be softest you're down a sock friend
yeah
okay pretty happy Freddie come on it's
gonna insist our ducky friends let's get
a bib let's get a bib we're learning
we're learning what this one what are
you asked her um you see I bought this
right and I was all like oh my god Billy
bear this is not the meat this is not
the stuff that I'm that I used to get
when I was a kid maybe the one that I'm
thinking of doesn't exist anymore but it
didn't look like it was a circle
with just a little sort of smiley face
but I was having a look at this
yesterday and to be honest the amount of
stuff that is in this I don't think I'm
gonna give this to media just because I
like the other stuff that we used to get
was from a butcher's and it was like it
was basically corned beef with ham in
the inside and definitely make the
smiley face but this is just it's
sausage slices but the Amanar like why
is your dad much stuff why isn't it not
just meat you know the reason like yeah
I think Billy bear is going to the dogs
I don't think really varies don't do
Amelia what do you think it is a little
platter hmm like good I'll get you some
water friend I would say you like to ham
I would say you like the ham huh you
going ham you gonna go ham is that I
don't want to understand the context of
what it means I think it means like
going like big going crazy is that visit
you gonna go hey I'm probably thinking
is all wrong it probably means something
completely different
look I'll Instagram it's a everyone will
tell me get her I said going ham with
the ham well I like the one with heavier
I'm right around it may have said this
right cute oh thanks Suzy Pikachu huh oh
my god Suzy is an actual Pikachu no way
okay so you know I actually had a job
interview yeah
for mischief maker
you know yeah we first-ever job was in
mischief-makers
and I had my interview in here but my
first time actually eating Paris so I
got the goat's cheese salad we both got
the same thing because we're both losers
so we kind of came first but I can't so
it looks really yummy though I'm a time
do-do-do-do-do-do
hammertime have a time buddy yeah have
you got there if you got a friend is
that your friend
oh thank you
don't hit the anchor with a hammer
that's Amelia's hammer you have to share
your toys - oh thank you them oh really
one of the hammer we really want the
hammer thinking they're gonna be edging
poor he's trying to get it did you get
dogs though cuz they know like they
respect Emilia you never grabbed things
like it is oh she's biting but you know
you give it to appeal if you give it to
him
you give tio your hammer what's your
hand my bike
haha we're going to share the man
t-shirt he'll I think we do only share
our toys now right Oh careful I mean
yeah I think you just gave do a wallop
on that uh already get it
look at this look at this Bianca Bianca
Bianca T oh oh oh no we have to say for
yourself Theodore and Bianca look at
this
look she's like are you serious it's
saying terrain what well I got all the
Poulin anyway
okay guys what stop what let's go let's
go quickly
Oh No well more importantly was getting
the poop done anyway then getting the
actual grass good I was gonna critic
because it's a lot easier to am easier
to manage the pre situation when the
grass is like super tight let's wait at
the storm friend what if I go grapes
yeah
yum yum fruity what what was this huh
unfortunately can't give that to the
doggies because dogs and their livers or
kidneys something can't digest grapes
raisins or wine they can't drink wine so
we have to not let the doggies have some
okay and you want to spit that out I
know what you're gonna do she wants to
suck the juice and spit it out huh
what's your plan look at this lovely
sunny day all of a sudden whoa what's
going on there she still has that one
grape nice to have that grape huh good
job friend all right let's get this
grass cut
wanna go for a nap we'll be good for
that I feel any substance from my bosom
I have no buzzing suspense the students
but I can offer you a story
what a nice bedtime story I want to do
that hmm I think you do I think you're a
tired little baby girl hello baby girl
come on let's go the beep of fun all
right let's continue our adventure in
the last of Oz oh no I didn't get to do
much you just woke up with him in there
we go
I think she's left for a second and then
woke up and this is where I like these
fellas here useless they provide no
nourishment no comfort okay but you
latch on chill grab an old nip a man
named oh my god
but they don't provide and I'd give her
a coffee but um oh I just this game this
game it gives me nightmares and
excitement at the same time look who's
here
look he's here huh who had a fun time
sleep slept for almost an hour and then
she started I turned it up I hated it
yeah except for almost an hour unlike T
oh man he will sleep all day for like
these cables so this kid was a great dad
the blog just my life so we're watching
it together we miss mommy I'm home it's
like seven o'clock and I'm home
I stayed in my friends has fur longer
than expected but I needed the break but
I missed my baby I miss my baby so much
again mm-hmm you went to milky mousse
hmm good girl and I think we're going to
Alma's house for din dins
so we need to get you prepped up and
ready I heard you didn't sleep at all
huh you excited for this friend llama
lamb of something ma'am of something
yeah
Joseph eBay I'm an expert of putting
bibs on babies engaged worms Hey prego
all right there you go that's an honest
taking all the cheesecake for I don't
even get a place conspiracies Oh
oh no it can happen oh I better just
have it all hey you want ricin what
flavor is it what do you think although
the fork oops
oh it's too happier is that what do you
think a meaty cheese cake huh it's like
this cheese tastes funny to the baby
Bell cheese is that better keys you know
more you know more you want a biscuit
park without me I don't like the biscuit
party you don't rock it's pork
nice nice
what do you prefer you prefer the
biscuit or the cheese even though it's
not really cheese I prefer the cheesy
part I usually need the best apart you
know you're my for the biscuit yeah but
Dad up up high print alright
it's gonna pop this here it's gonna head
off and do the back
she did how did you get over there
she loves nothing more than a night on
the prowl she doesn't get scared by her
up on the rooftops she bursts in a song
she dances and prancin and meows all
night long the end hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
