Danny oh my god
fights it to you dyson or hoover what
would you say what would you think is
better at dyson or a hoover because the
awesome people over at dyson have just
sent us the most awesomest osmosis some
we're talking about afraid to get the
dyson then in a contact meaning they're
like oh we have this new like um pat
hoover thing and this new like wireless
car can anything and like I don't know
load this up so it's in the pedo box we
gave them a tinkle as more as I'm
heading up there now to check in ahead
so uh I hope I can help you with your
decision-making process if your Dyson or
Hoover know what have you done here you
want to show your little lucky friends
what you are doing okay guys guys guys
guys
it's just Brazil and not snow jocks keep
licking my legs because I've caught
Brazil not butter on my body butter on
my legs yeah they like the taste there
you go he's so cute that's my new
favorite breakfast is muesli with milk
we didn't do a smoothie this morning but
I did have my juice prepared by Jonathan
so that was really nice but I'm deaf all
gonna be having something solid for
lunch because I like the juices but I
can't do it with just usually need to
have some solids in me oh yeah do you
agree do you concur this is what they
sent us let's have a look oh that's a
dyson ball animal special removes more
dust than any other cycle system look at
that mess you made huh see I have like
decals up in her room already but
they're just ones I got from Mothercare
and they match her bedding well I'm like
if I put them up with
Longsight the birdie ones will not be
too much probably it's the same colors
and stuff but I just wanted it to be I
don't know I want it all to be cohesive
like I don't want it to be kind of like
all mixed up plus it's not even about
being mixed up I just think there's
gonna be too much going on like there's
not gonna be enough room you know what I
mean I'm gonna buy some CDs because I'm
gonna connected in part which means the
battery and then I bought the charger
things and there's like tables
everywhere so I was like how go let's go
and buy CDs house like wanna buy the
album use or I just find the actual
discs because I own some of in iTunes I
think I might just buy the alby's though
I see they have here so we're halfway
done and already it's looking a lot
better than it was before
it's real embarrassed that's that all
stop sorry I don't know I might keep
that one up we'll see we're still
working on this right now I have to walk
down the escalator it's not working
draw me drunk Jojo in July she likes the
balloons
we'll have to try this actually this is
above her crib it says little princess
and there's oh yeah you can see that
better there's a crown palace I'm a
carriage I put stuff on here because I'm
conscious that when I close the door
like when she goes to sleep I close the
door and then that whole wall is very
bare so I just put something deep cause
there's some of cupcakes and things and
then on this side it's a sweet dreams
and her little picture is there when I
stop breastfeeding
I'm probably gonna get rid of the chair
and put in like a chest of drawers or
something instead that the one that
matches her crib so we'll see but right
now because I'm still breastfeeding this
chair needs to be in here because that's
how I see her like at night and stuff if
you saw a little you know a little face
me know billiards on that oh is it
oh yeah oh thanks
this movie got oh crap I bought loads of
them so we got best of Aerosmith because
eres men are awesome okay now before I
go Trudy's I know that I'm like an old
fart but these these may not be your
music tastes okay this is the music I
like to listen to while driving around
well of the ones I could find about
Christie more life because I was
actually at this concert when they
recorded this one it was in the point
well it's called the o2 now which we
call the point I got the greatest hits
of red chili peppers because I got Pablo
nutini's these streets because it's an
epic album for like the coolest and I
got best of Guns and Roses anyway leave
some comments of how you feel about this
which is your CD what should I put on
first I know and I hate that with every
fiber of our being so I will only be let
play that when I'm on my own yeah let's
go Christy marks I know a lot of you
guys in America and stuff may not
actually know who Christy Moore is so we
give you and we give it a blast
alright see what a blast it's gonna last
I actually owned most of these CD oh
wait a second or something in here
probably just that enough yep
Bosh house board for the how's it going
everybody how's it going there everybody
to deceive mini-chopper ring I try to
find out as lambs album have a nice nap
I bought some music right for the car
right but CDs okay now I'm gonna show
you a CV I'm gonna get rid of your
reaction because III guessed your
reaction not this one okay this one are
you excited to listen to that all day
long
don't get too silly if we're going to go
to work
Chrissy Mormon I got guns and best the
guns and roses Christie Moore Pablo
Nutini
Red Hot Chili Peppers Aerosmith here's
what they were all part I was gonna get
an arrow 50 something or but I see yeah
I already bought loads and I'm to iTunes
and I have them on the machine they
didn't have any cassettes so they have a
tape you would tape back in your car huh
why did you go try and buy a tape why'd
you sell tapes do you ever take the
single just brush snap the doggies and
look they're getting their hairs all
over my
Maltese Arnon shit but like if you're
brushing their hair hi newbies newbies
you stink did you step in some poo poos
outside you have to pick up the poop
anyways dad I need to pick up the poo
poos their best friend the best friend
good girl daddy
Oh what is he doing oh my god we should
crazy daddy doing back to business like
that
melius decided she wants to keep these
stickers for herself she picked them up
when I was changing a nappy and she
won't put them down now you don't put
them down
can I see sure you know stickers yeah
they sell faces on them they so pretty
yeah this door keeps opening and closing
you're doing here the dogs are thinking
about coming in but then don't wait
clothes it over again boom um did you
just do one of my grapes oh okay what do
you think they're over here now look
like grapes she's reaching for more it's
so good hey piggy good on friend oh nice
choice no no no you have to eat that one
don't just stuff your mouth full of them
no just a few of them is that your plan
you just go are you looking in there for
don't spit that out Edgar and then
you're just gonna go put another one in
he's at your game you that I think she's
just like the tomatoes I think she just
wants to suck the juice out of it I'm
scared I took another
now well another I took one nap again
that's stupid to see dogs wrecked my
system what didn't wreck my system but
it's just like annoying because then I I
know that I'm less than too likely to
sleep well tonight like I'm probably
gonna be awake for ages and no I'm just
like why do I keep having to nap like
I'm not cheering I mean he has afternoon
nap time whoa so I think we're gonna
grant and get ingredients for dyndns
yeah what are you doing you trying to
get that label try get that label sorry
man and this is what I got out of here
the died collection was a desired
collection or did that definitive
collection you wanted there we go now so
a Nana's in the car huh
that is in the car we can have this one
popping oh nice you can already feel the
music so we're doing here is that I'm
making it Jamie I wanna see Jamie tell
him what's his name again Jamie Oliver
it's like a chicken pie chicken mushroom
pie cuz he wanted to try something
different for a change so we looked up
the a that's one of a 30-minute meal
think like a chicken and mushroom pie
but it sounded amazing and we're doing
that
Oh No did you know one alright let's put
on some mommy music turn on my friend
there we go
what song is number one oh goodness
hey get you one way alright here we go
so Jamie himself says this is gonna take
me 30 minutes this is what I'm making
here chicken and pie French style peas
sweet carrot mash baby shortbread she
blah blah blah
okay that's was that's what it's
supposed to look like at the end let's
see if we can actually do that 30
minutes
timing timing haha so the recipe is for
actually four four or six people so it's
like four big chickens but it's just
easier just to make it and plus if this
turns out to be a nice pie I will eat
more than my fair share
I bought the memorise made a joke of
Benji today but then look look I got the
honors farm ones
alright let's get these all Washington
taken care of we have the spring onions
chopped up just get them into the thingy
looks good that's the mushroom and the
spring onion mushroom in the mushroom
flour as you can see it's mushed up then
it's add alright mustard has been added
and now the creme fraiche heat one with
that looks pretty good
that's everything the stock and
everything add it into it just smell
it's good isn't it looks like a nice
sink yourself from scratch huh all right
let's get the pastry part done I've
never made paste you before looks so
good
you go if it's done they're missing on
the edges there right that is ready to
go and obviously getting more use out of
Benji's eggs oh it's like a nice Benji
egg so we can just kind of glaze the top
to put that in the oven trapped up the
carrots added some olive oil
thrown in some salt and some pepper and
we're gonna fry them up while that's
cooking how long have we got left
you gotta make it all 10 minutes we
might be able to do this Shawn in some
time if they've got the time pie is done
and we're just frying up some peas and
carrots i caramelized the carrots first
and then added in peas decided pump it
out and then we're gonna be ready
friends huh okay I'm ready to go huh
excited and there we have it with the
peas and everything on it we used up
half of it oh my goodness and then
amazing so good
oh my god I can't believe I made that
then it's so good I wish you guys could
try some of this right now all right
I'm so good I seriously got was so
success I'm gonna make some more stuff
in that book it's so good isn't it mini
package stuff yeah uh-huh
oh you've already eaten your pastry ye
straight there's more pastry friend is
the sock cone in the piece that's my
question
she Mills the pie well don't don't don't
give that away don't give that away
that's your sock that's not to be given
no no no no you don't love me like I
love you he better love me like I love
your friend let's get the music on the
go
oh please get the piece much the mean
your mouth get these get the piece much
damn in your mouth mm-hmm whoa hey
Amelia Amelia Thomasina I know hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
