I don't know I don't you mean you don't
look big enough to go into your own room
what good morning friends
Alessia is here ping the little toys you
look like such a little big girl these
days sitting in a road trip trap media
is providing the entertainment for the
said this morning's event er mm-hmm row
row row your boat your favorites you Jam
to jam hmm so jam so today my friend huh
you guys know that my registration
number it's friend huh since that I do
the things they do it's been like that
for a couple of years actually but I
don't have anyone noticed drinking
around baby chip or in the car in the
car I gotta get all this effect because
today he's not a normal school run day
oh no said the Badger cheetah squirrel
today my friends I'm wearing light blue
jeans and blue trainers that's the kind
of day it is you're brave certificate
from yesterday mmm from tomorrow from
tomorrow you live in the future suddenly
your time traveler or something they
don't know
so today friends it's what we can do
business call grandparents day where the
grandparents coming to the school and
teach the schools instead of the
teachers that works
get him out like I do i I think you have
to be Scottish to sing that song better
gonna bring getting kid you who left the
door open guys dancing doggies escape we
don't wanna do these escapes doggies
this morning so yeah I'm gonna drop the
kids to school like norms and then Anna
and her mom unless yeah sort of moving
on the stuff for are gonna come in about
an hour to the school yeah exciting
exciting I can't wait to be a
grandparent and I go to wrap and say are
you ready to go to Grandparents Day is
the grandparents and grand children
grandparents and grandchildren hmm
okay so we just came back from
Grandparents Day and my mom was like a
teenager compared to everybody else she
was like about 20 years younger than
everyone else no actually that's not
true because there were a lot of parents
there as well but she just looks young
she doesn't believe me but she looks
really young and there were some parents
there though because not everybody has
grandparents nearby always squirrel -
squirrel she's too busy yeah look there
oh look he's really cute hello hello
that's really cute
I don't know if you could see that
always behind that Holly tree anyway it
was quite hard to know separate
ourselves so we kind of I think we did
do a good job in the end because yeah my
mom went to a media first I kind of
waited at sight which I could have gone
to Eduardo to be honest but I didn't
really know what was going on and then I
had her as well in the Boogie so I
waited outside for 15 minutes then she
swapped and she went over to Eduardo and
he was fine and then I actually went
back to Emilia because she got quite
upset when my mom had to go and then she
came back to say goodbye as well so all
in all I think we did yeah it's hard we
have to divide yourself but nobody else
is stupid enough to have children that
close together and so it's just me and
then there's you maybe by the time you
get to school you can have us to
yourself to yourself you comfortable in
there hello she looks like a little
piglet that's a little piglet um this is
from Paul and Jason actually look what
has arrived this a runner there's
nothing this is a for Marta did you
remember the Guinness odds it's John
Lewis Martha's Lake hotbed and I shall
build this very excited it's a rite of
passage to build the sleigh bet are
their cots cribs forever we call them
looks like I figure out where to
actually put it though should we put it
just here on the landing she just put
the right here that's not what you wear
to rugby let's go up to your room I'll
take it off up to room
holy put it in here here to put it
upstairs with these two little monkeys
do you want to where I put an icy water
we put lessons been in your room in
Amelia's room we
here but well home is here right now but
we still put in here but I do know it's
a bit scary putting you up here because
when we had the other two it was in our
old old heads in Ireland on there the
room this box room the little box room
room was actually next door to our
master bedroom so wasn't a big deal she
wasn't far away but here they were thin
super far away now what do your buttons
okay so Eduardo is heading off to rugby
are you excited
you know you're like rugby mister I know
I rub the adventure hey when you grow up
and you play rugby professionally are
you gonna play for Ireland are you gonna
play for England you're gonna pay for it
to me Oh interesting how to play it did
she okay now where's our rugby tots
rugby tots
now where's the bottom is made oh no
where's your sleeve gun you have one
hand oh do you only have one hand oh
that's okay cuz it's not like it's not
wait a second no we're on the way to
rugby today the weather's nicer and
hopefully it stays this way
we're on adventure adventure today I
hope the weather's don't stay stay he
nice on today while we're on our
adventure to rub away the candy song
whoa oh oh no well so I have collected
this beam from school I went to get
Amelia and I ended up with this buzzy V
Bush are the odds
oh the breeding party no mister we're
back from the rugby what oh geez kind of
service is this come on nobody took his
water bottle part of water is sponsored
by Jaguar are you ready to see the
happiest baby in the world are you ready
are you ready are you ready
where's a little I know the sweet potato
on put it in her marinate it oh really
yeah a whole raw like a prop one she is
okay with the purees but then I'm gonna
do some baby led as well and what are
you little a minute ago she was like
screaming do this creamy laughs they
were so funny we were kind of ignoring
her a little bit he's heard like
screaming I think oh Albie do today
as well Albie Dada da she also has some
teeth situations last night this was a
nightmare okay was it about like one
o'clock and then three o'clock no those
three times it was definitely three
times no it wasn't just what Oh Eduardo
Eduardo was the inner time five mm-hmm
and then in the middle of Eduardo came
down to say hi huh
the only one that didn't come down with
Emilia she the only one that didn't give
us a hard time last night was your
sister
you're Ouisa sure did you see your
waitress too early
oh sorry I didn't get to build your bed
today but tomorrow I'm gonna build your
bed okay
we haven't have we decided we're gonna
put ish know probably over there let's
be honest let's be honest with ourselves
I don't know I don't know I say I sit
down and I put it there inch like I
can't open it press I don't know I don't
you don't look big enough to go into
your own room
no way is that what was at the age so we
taught him in the room well I mean it
was probably until she was two or so now
eight months eight months Oh Eduardo
lasted six Oh me it's time to go you
have to move out it's time for you to
move and get your own place he's happy
to get your place you need maybe Burma
hmm yeah double chin there like it's
your hand over there
get your hand out of there I love you
dad
the healthy who dad I love you dad so
much no trust my might be no no it's
really cute give it a sting give it a
sniff give it a sniff
look how much hair you have now it
touches it
no no we've been half of a second let me
just pull out it in look at look at the
air yeah hold on let me show you
something cool so see it was touching it
was touching oh my babies grow but now
it goes my baby huh whoa
that's because I ate some Cassini Bucky
and Ren
I'm we use conditioner now it's now de
vigo the broccoli broccoli makes your
hair grow
no that's when you're like you're going
to be cool Alessia did you forget to end
the vlog yesterday did you forget the
end of log yesterday and I see how even
though Alessia is six months old today
oh but that's gonna be tomorrow's video
because the likes you forgot to end the
vlog I've told you time and time again
Alexia you need to say goodbye to the
people look at this over there guys
watch it is video presentation situation
hope you enjoyed it hope you find it in
your heart and soul to hit that like
button subscribe leave a comment say
goodbye
