don't make it turbo mode
hey buddy
that's quite a low-cut top you were in
there I know and she keeps like getting
one arm at it hey hey hey there what's
that new thing good morning
oh my goodness it's day two and I
already had my water with lemon so we're
gonna make breakfast which is a smoothie
Johnathan's happy with that
hi we're fries maybe I do keep a so it's
very important in the morning time to do
this part ready friend who's that who's
that yeah
oh this is the thing we bought yesterday
this is gonna be so much fun he is look
he's got a little thing underneath the
prayer me sit in yes organic
oh yeah organic yogurt is the same as go
fight over million problem solved
please stop my line
yes so what's in here
blueberries blackberries and organic
natural yogurt and then
oh this beast of a thing here do you do
this twist it Punk
yep is my define Apple at the funny
glass once you commit to holding it
you're stuck with it because there's
nothing in it that's bad like and she
can oh my god chick music strong but
it's money and media is on the detox
she's not having a pineapple you ready
for a smoothie here she sucked a little
bit her face is like with that would you
like that do you think thank you senior
special Peppa Peppa tumbler like it he's
going back some more added some milk
just in case anyone's wondering and it's
some whole milk she's no pineapple juice
yeah just a liquid liquify but do you
think friend no no it's a great plan at
all Howard any people I'm having a
coffee
I tried to edit my head as much I'll end
up just like backwards editing the whole
thing there's something crazy like that
so I'll continue on with his movies but
I'll supplement food along the way and
toffee chocolate cakes teeth and punch
and biscuits and crisps and popcorn
chicken burgers fries let me show you
pretty outfit no don't go in there I
still remember when you got this outfit
and I was pregnant and the girl who gave
it to me was a viewer who had come to
work Dublin meet up last year and she
had her baby with her her newborn baby
and she was there with her two other
kids so she had like three little girls
with her and I remember thinking oh my
god she is supermom she came on her own
and she had like a newborn baby and it
was just like and then two other young
kids and I just remember thinking like
wow she's like amazing and she came to
her meet up and she I remember she gave
us all these clothes that she's taking
off her well um all of these clothes
that were for like a year's times time
and I remember thinking like oh my god
they look so big and she was like yeah
these are gonna look very big but she
will grow into them and I just remember
thinking that it was okay I've said that
so many times I just remember thinking
but I do I remember being there and just
like it was yesterday and now she's
wearing those clothes it's so weird
anyways thank you so much for this aunt
said it's so cute and I put some little
sand holds on so she looks like a little
if you're like she looks like a tourist
like cut off fine center like so funny
hey buddy
what we doing we're just gonna play
about um-hmm
oh you're gonna pop someone's eye out
I'm gonna poke some on side
oh oh oh what's happening to your ear
Tina hmm see I just think if you get off
the Babbitt their way Gigi's active ever
there CJ just Linda your mat underneath
no dogs now he's got the funkiest feet
who's got the funk ear speech huh whoa
well I'll have to have a crash Rico's
and then somebody came over right and
they dropped off a big box of rocky road
chocolate biscuits
who is that you ready you ready right
about right there right that raspberry
time in Sydney who's in there
who's in there Boise or what are you
got on my upper body on my face you're
traveling on my face your dibbley German
agility children dribbling on my face
all right watch you
decisions decisions
there you go day to lunch dreamy detox
page 42 dreamy detox line sounds nice 42
hey you are your highness I'll just pour
it in there eh
there you go I'm your your luxury we can
break in this bath no but she's the same
she's rubbing her eyes never sinned oh
we're so stupid
Thanks enjoy I may have peed in it
so I just slept for like two hours again
I definitely recommend if you guys are
doing this he talked to and he actually
says that in his book to not do it on a
day or a three day period where you are
busy like doing things do it on like off
days when maybe like a weekend or
something or like a long weekend because
you're gonna be exhausted and it's not
like a bad exhaustion but it's just like
you can't do anything like if I were you
know I have an office or something I I
just couldn't function for these two
days so that's just a little tip you may
want to pick some time where it's quiet
and you don't have anything to do
there's nothing here for you see now she
like crap there's never any fun food
leftover so I'm taking a selection of
fresh cherry tomatoes some baby Bell oh
yeah
Billie Billie is the name it in meat I
saw the comments I was like that's it
Billy bear and I think you can get it in
the m the deli counter they look at it
let's see like the fries cut me stuff
it's like oh my god they have to get
some Billy bear you want some any my
meat and even no idea what kind of meat
it is I don't know who cares
it's under the face I'm going to put
this down don't get out of here get out
of here huh
get out of here they're trying to grab
everything if I get a son type of thing
I was going with what are you going for
first tomatoes huh the old favorite
can't go wrong with tomatoes why didn't
someone D tell me why didn't somebody
tell me I didn't put a bib on you should
just leave
Rishi just leave I come live leave me a
comment about become a live with you
oh my goodness I can't believe I forgot
Oh what if I just like picked all these
out hey actually you know what
don't you watch you notice you know look
why don't you just pick all this stuff
out front okay
and then we just brush it down hey I
don't even notice when you it's not like
you can tell mom we fuel this is uh six
five four forty preparing for takeoff
it's called sight my lunch
poor little Amelia seems to be having
some teething problems because she's
being really fussy all day and I can see
her bottom teeth there's more of them
coming in so they're gonna give her some
drugs no we're gonna give her some
bonjela key thing jump which will just
get rid of the pain because she's just
been really fussy oh she got her purse
on earth oh um that was from yesterday
not today but anyways she's literally
always bumping into him and like because
she's mobile now so how are you excited
about this so here's my wonderful juice
so I'm supposed to have for dinner and
it tastes really good but here is also
the aftermath I couldn't make it
I just came in the house along with this
yeah but look what I look what I snacked
on it's like that's a big block okay
don't use it anyways we think about
buying this game it's probably the best
game you'll ever play in your life okay
maybe the best gaming that we're paying
their life but it is really really good
it's like just being like two extremely
dramatic and emotional scene so far the
narrative in this game it's like it is
really a narrative driven I kick
narrative it's like story like it's
really story heavy you know it's not
it's almost like American heavy rain to
be played it's like heavy rain mix Max
Payne even when I couldn't arrives but
that's what it's like okay so I have an
idea for a special kind of juice it's a
really really unique geez now I don't
know if anyone's ever done this kind of
juice before anything okay I'm gonna
need some ingredients mainly a Domino's
Pizza
okay now I'm thinking if you take a
Domino's Pizza right and you actually
put it to the juicer essentially that's
gonna make it healthy right what do you
guys think
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
