I made one huge mistake today I left the
house papist that was our miss dancer we
went wrong if you'd like to participate
in my detox it
hi good morning
so um yeah we're waiting for the Tesco
man it's like 10 o'clock um and yeah we
went to bed quite late last night and
media only went it she knocked really
late so she won't he went about out like
11 o'clock which is really late so
that's why we're up so late - because I
wanted her to just leave and she did I
think yeah I think Jonathan let her
sleep um or let her sleep let her kind
of be when she woke up at 7:00 initially
cuz that was a bit early and then she
actually entertained her so I think
she'd got back to sleep but telling an
annoying I'm not already sure and then
she came back here with me she needed
her milk feed yeah that's not so I'm
waiting for the Tesco man because he is
delivering all of my ingredients for my
juice detox that I'm doing today say hi
say hi yeah so yeah I'm doing a juice
detox cuz I was feeling really frumpy
and stuff and I just feel kind of like
mmm
you know I want my skin to clear up and
I just want to be like I don't even
about weight loss or anything it's just
about feeling better I just want to have
more energy and stuff but we're scared
because he's not here yet and I'm
supposed to have like what is it the
feature one I think I did this like two
years ago but I think I cracked on day
two or something I didn't last anyways
the whole three days which sucks so this
time I'm gonna do it and I bought an app
for like four euros so I'm like this
better work woo
shopping has arrived and as crazy juice
fast stuff good all right two minutes to
go
she's watching the Tesco man bring the
deliver it in she bring in your food
okay cats he's gone he's gone
you missed them you missed opportunity
Tesco mine I'm rushing to get ready and
John Winchester's like you better hurry
up you always take ages to get ready and
I did my makeup but now I want to do my
hair crazy because I keep washing it up
nice and sipping on it and like it when
I we put more money it looks a bit like
want to do a foot
do it on twice see if he calls up again
he's gonna be so annoyed
you guys didn't remember when we did
this was it like two or three years ago
it was about two years ago wasn't it
around the wedding time or before that
whom we live in at Middleton anyway
celery and apple is amazing celery apple
carrots the spin age like all of it is
so good except for the beaver one except
for the bigger one that's the worst one
but yeah it's still kind of funky though
I think maybe you know what I know what
it is it looks cute like in some places
but then I think that I need a smaller
barrel it's just cuz I was using that
that was just plugged in from when my
hair used to be super long but now
obviously that it's short it means a
smaller barrel so it looks a bit weird
like the way you're gonna stick there
here but whatever I did it so I'm gonna
have apple pineapple banana lemon you
did that to me last time
no my pupils went and we bought dope all
this stuff cause we thought we were
doing we knew we were doing it together
Thank You nest how long did you live I
lasted three days my friends yes I did
so I did it I made it
Little Miss give up it gave up no you
cracked a day to my friend my friend I
know I I'm pretty sure I made a tree you
made a two day - you cracked wincy
paranormal activity you cracked I made
it to day three I don't think I finished
the whole day tree but I definitely did
it you're supposed to wake up on day
four and have a feeling of euphoria well
there was no feeling of euphoria
afterward I slept for three days it was
a feeling of pain
anguish stress starvation there might
have beat you for you in there somewhere
but I don't remember but hey let's do it
again yeah all right
broccolis and no no no you'd really like
the whole theme you'll be you're a
one-inch well that's like this much yeah
so be generous
Oh your broccoli stem because the stem
is supposed to eat really good food
I would never skim understand I'm not
going to be a skipper on the stamina and
one inch
oh my goodness
jaws and it's good and it's good stuff
what you do need this plane and dad's
office yeah
you starting at your files all your
files are in such a mess
we need to get on that what are you
going holy crap and you guys Here I am
five are right together five bad boys
with the power to block you will blow in
your mind so you've got to get into it
five if you want four do you ever know
blue yeah and blue her back together as
well or a blue again I'm singing along
we were talking about it
one for the money and then you ride it's
2 foot on it and it'd be which they're
back together
if I click me down here and anywhere
else right together atomic it
I only know that you carry what's the
one that she did
I come over there they're wooden big one
but yeah like all those bands are
getting back together
holy crap holy I don't know expired for
playing in Dublin at the moment I don't
know I don't know it's really
interesting you see google image of them
but it's like whoa
it's like they're so different cuz they
were like I suppose it's the same as my
band was around during the same time
period you know I was like oh my gosh I
like all the guys up guys you gotta get
back together you gotta go back on tour
huh I gotta go find the dungarees get
the old band down on the tree corner
late letter tops the chains oh yeah too
much of a good thing
my babies are something you do to go to
drive you mad with the love my mind and
such my hand I lose control when I'm
alone but I just saw I cannot go go
without you in my life you don't trust
me to trouble and strife oh yeah I got a
ton ladybug designs boughs with big
headbands for Mia and she still does
keep him in it depends on her mood
actually I look at things like link to
green one so cute so I got like a kind
of a collection of pastel kennel ones
and then I got some more grown-up colors
like the slate blue and the greens and
the grey we got a gray one
Johnathan's fell crashing already I'm
just I can just they all everything in
his life
turkey turkey cheeseburger or a chicken
burger I can see it's calling my name
no you'll feel so much better cuz you
don't even have to do this you
just decided that you are going to I was
like ah because then you smell the stuff
and it's like oh it smells so good you
know or like this is only day one day
two is supposed to be the heart day
like
um I feel different after
have you ever had tunnel time while
juice fasting now receive it's different
to see a bit differently
hello kitty hello kitty want to come out
to play you want to come out the play
friend Oh stretch it out stretch it out
take your time stretch it out
what sure thing friend is that we just
put her in there come on boom this is
low wrap your hair 12 well they come in
packs of 12 I thought was just gonna be
one look they're tiny little things yeah
maybe if I wanted to get the yeah I'll
go look at this instead start her pack
for luck and well no she can't we no no
no they were gonna go teaser because
there's the one and the cool on her
career banana she like wakes up and she
like sits around and plays in the
morning I'm like and then you probably
bust them the plugs little fingers might
go in there do you think we wanted to
get with a stroller for Sorento look I
get a little fold and one way they're
twos oh no but like a really thin little
told you that one oh they go - it's cute
Oh can you go that smaller don't get the
one the blue the navy blue on white
there's too many accessories in it
though there which one speediness we're
trying to decide between the pink one
pasado la skate shop Costco the maxi
Cosi blue one
she actually matches the storable she'd
oh thank you the one that were thinking
we were going to get that one
yeah I definitely think when we get home
we'll no longer is this using Jonica was
the one that's already covered yeah this
is nice they have like their own baby
change and feeding saralyn's chair thing
yeah but I'll tell you one thing I made
one huge mistake today
I left the hats house that was our miss
dance we went wrong
with this little juice game all right it
should be little Jason Vale I'm gonna
mr. Jason mr. Vale all right
you should have a little warning if
you'd like to participate in my detox do
not do nothing just pick up a box at or
something that incident and here we are
trying to know of course he does it's
probably one of those no coloring
pencils later oh my goodness I just
heart of it you know the way it's a
juice fast
does that mean you know the smoothies
from McDonald's does that mean you're
light have them
but it's a chance it's a smoothie for
juice man oh my god
how many more errors
thank you
any more days every fiber of my being
insane indicate indicate aa high but a
Papa I look at all those people in the
car they're loving this hi there my
friend hey friend can you reach the back
you put the keys in you keep this
earring we were actually dropped down it
does that when you get into the car then
you can reach cuz you're about the same
height as me yeah let's be honest so do
you want in you want some broccoli stem
some beetroot my friend is this safe is
this safe yeah I don't know you look so
cute you know like leggings and little
frou-frou frilly cardigan thingy hey
what's wrong
is it kind of going she was playing with
this earlier she's so funny
you like that steering wheel huh
look take a little disco Queen you disco
Queen we're waiting for dad to finish in
the game stop game shop whatever the
hell it's called I don't know I've no
idea
oh geez
she found the telephone sorry Jovi oh
you gonna phone home see what the dogs
are up to so I got it and I bought the
season pass or something when
everybody's gives me all the DLCs we
don't mind that but and the guy was like
heavy potatoes he's like this is the
best game you'll ever play in your life
mr. gang hi guys
our meetings on the phone and she find
the phone huh
do you want this Andrea yes huh it's 18
so I don't know if you can play it how
could you look at you give me the phone
all right we opened everything did we
there you go
here we go meal number two that's my
collection over here
this is honest here I am still doing it
but I may give up all right because I
didn't like I want that cheese and the
tomato so bad I want like a big spice
burger or something or a fighter sausage
anyway this is what you can do with all
the leftover stuff you can give it to
the nearest baby led weaning baby until
winter down like the little rabbit that
you are you need a rabbit when you're
acting like it I'm probably a little
harder than normal because it's like
pure on you're on a raw food diet Amenia
yeah you raw foodie the amount of goop
actually looks really nice but it's not
it looks like a crumble or something
make rhubarb crumble
I do it I know I'm tender water all
right I'm putting you guys in the fridge
mine are live 80 we're going to
McDonald's
to be fair though you never said you
were doing it okay you were just like oh
I might fall along with you then hey
friend he's got a woke up face he's
gotta wake up face your friends are here
your friends are here that's what she
does that's if she doesn't eat winter in
the morning she's likes time to know
sitting up by standing up I'm new to the
English language are you so happy huh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
