your dad huh little monster chiller
croffer a vlog huh you call for a blood
wanted friend warning friend watching
pepper
I don't know if that was for you I don't
know that was for you seeing a
descendent all gonna want it now
Oh Bianca I realize he's being yet who's
being crass you gonna play with your
toys
yeah what's he getting out of the box
banking on play with the toy still I
think always sits beside her you want
that one no knowing that one who's your
best friend
what that one
no you making a little pile here yeah
get your plan
mommy
who are you yeah woody they're freezing
I was playing with the doors I want to
be a super mom when I grow up
you heard you poor person gonna have fun
girl time yeah excited by girl time you
text until you go text uliana oh you
know those days where you just like
don't feel like any a no fat at all
you just feel kind of like down but you
don't even really know why you can't put
your finger on it that's the day it is
today and it's so annoying cuz the
weather is actually so nice I just feel
like crap it is my time of month as well
so I think that's what's adding to it
but I just want to curl up in a ball and
sleep uh-huh and just like do nothing
because I just feel bloated and fat and
spotty and just like all the things that
you typically feel when it is your time
in the month but then at the same time
I'm like it's such a nice day and
there's so many things like that I could
do but I just I don't feel like it you
know I feel like poo I know it'll pass
and I know it's like just
it's just normal it's like this happens
all of it to everybody it's just
annoying you know I hate feeling like
this okay this is dangerous
maybe we shouldn't drop things off the
edge of the bed and then like go looking
for them so whoa what'd you do there huh
learn more on important parts of owning
a doggie is all the poop you have to
pick up before you cut the grass look at
them I just moved her off the grass and
heels down into it do do do I
she's so funny her new thing
what are you doing her new thing is just
like ticket stuff and then just roll it
over your shoulder so I gave her my nail
polishes cuz they're the bright colors
she likes and she's just thrown all of
these over her shoulder what you think
just don't break any of them she's
throwing them you're so strong let's see
you like the pinks oh look at this dump
so we've moved on to lipsticks now and I
feel a lot better with this I can't well
I just I tidied and organized everything
and there was a ton of laundry there
still is a ton of laundry to do from
when we were traveling so that's one
pile I'm here it's okay it's almost her
nap time what time is that
yep it's actually try next time so we
better get you down for your neck yeah
okay good girl this is gonna take a lot
so the thing is fall and all I got done
was that much and the thing is already
full oh goodness that's what happens
that's happens when you leave it for too
long
well makes it nice and funny I just
realized if God that I got a message
from Judy yesterday and I didn't even
see it because I never checked my I'm so
bad at checking messages and stuff but
um and she was like oh my god I'm so
sorry doing Giuliana
or maybe I picked up Giuliana's screen
but I think it was inevitable anyways
she like was gonna start preaching um I
know those days funny and oh yeah by the
way the reason I'm wearing really bright
lips is because many of randomly picked
up a car lipstick that I've never worn
before and I was like oh this is
interesting I've never tried on I
actually really like it it's by sleek it
was in a glossy box but anyway it's
totally off topic but yeah so yesterday
when I was um when we were passing by
their hotel the hotel that benji and
judy we're at I like started almost
crying like I teared off because I miss
them so much like before I was honestly
I was a little bit nervous because I
didn't I had never really spoken to Judy
before like on a personal level at all
so I thought I liked her
her videos but I didn't you know you
never know and then Jonathan and Benji
had always been like texting and stuff
so I just didn't really know what to
expect but and I was really looking
forward to it for so long but I just I
didn't know how it would go really and I
could not have even imagined that we
would all get along so well it was like
amazing I just I did not expect that at
all but I just really really loved all
of them like not even just I mean I
loved Judy and I even loved Benji and I
love Julianne like there are all just so
lovely people and like to have everyone
click so well it's just so rare and
that's probably why I got so emotional
about it because they live so far away
and it just sucks I wish they lived
I'm getting sad now again but
yeah it's just released about I feel
like that's kind of a part of why I'm
I'm feeling a little bit off like part
of it obviously has to do with the fact
that I back and floated and just buddy
and I it's my time of the month but also
just it's like you know the after math
like like a holiday or a party or
something and you just come home and you
feel really depressed all she was so
cute she was sitting up in her crib
because she couldn't do that now which
was crying
doing
we decided go-go's is a must today
go-go's is a mustard a mustard
I don't like mustard we common if you
like mustard who actually likes mustard
it's like no it's just so like mustardy
i supposed to be the word you know
yellow mustard it's so bitter and tough
but it's okay i'm food why would I wear
mustard I have no idea why we're talking
about mustard oh my you know what hot it
is it's so hot that I have the windows
closed and the air conditioning on
because your meters open the window but
it's like no it's too hot I can't even
open the window gotta put the aircon on
what is it 22 degrees outside
oh my goodness even though it's gonna be
like 50 million degrees in Sorrento oh
I've been friend of cols at a heart but
I like the Sun is it's a tricky one I
like the Sun but not the heat what do
you guys think she's wearing a new
headband that was a gift from a
subscriber who we met is from Claire's
Club so we got to we got the purple one
and the pink one yeah and I think for
now she seems to be leaving it in so I
was gonna do this one but maybe for a
change we'll do that one what do we
think huh whoops what do we think of
that one
she might keep that in because it's not
like she can't really pull it off like
she can back oh there we go it's awesome
yeah okay
turns out go goes actually stop serving
lunch I have to treat o'clock so
unfortunately we can't get lunch but I
got some sausages because they had some
sausage rolls there that's good salad
and some brownies so I was like just
give me everything you got leftover so -
sausage rolls a pile of couscous and a
brownie let's see if you can give me
that out to everybody
woo hey buddy are you standing up oh
what'd you do what'd you do
oh goodness it's midday matter day time
I'm gonna sit in this couch I'm gonna
close out the light we're gonna watch
some movies
you're gonna call scroll around the
house I guess can you shine my shoe can
you shine my shoe please oh thanks
thanks a lot
why do you ask you you've been causing
trouble all day huh
you want to get this you can have it huh
shall I shall crawl for a vlog huh you
crawl for a vlog I'll crawl 10,000 miles
and I'll crawl 10,000 more to get the
vlogger teeth get over there Jesus did
she stick her tongue in their mouth Oh
crazy baby crazy baby
hey hey Bianca they're toys theater toys
theater oh you just bringing it back I
yet keep Yankee Navy say that's gone now
it's gone forever there's a bit of a bit
of a leftover situation so we have some
chilies they have some peppers
and we have some spring onions so I'm
gonna chop all them up I then threw a
chicken and then we'll see what else
yeah well you have some onion add some
spring onions and you open this thing
you just already poured in look I added
in loads editor stuff but obviously
started going with it so I wasn't
recording it but this is what it kind of
looks like now so uh chili garlicky
salty look good it's good
do you want some say ahh Oh a hot
sandwich for a hot lady what do you
think
yeah isn't it who is this who is this in
here who's this in here it's grant Amano
we Johnson chili chicken chili chicken
you know Giuliana and Amelia got
together it will be Emiliana all right
how about we have some of Benji's eggs
huh
you like that you like that idea you
want them scrambled we've got some
fluffy scrambled eggs yeah
eggs eggs Oh nicely done
all right here you go open up Oh
probably do it
let's plop it over here and I couldn't
make an omelet what to make an omelet
you gotta break some eggs good
it's from my apartment quick mm-hmm yeah
you like it
yum yum and girly thing Gangaridai you
do like it so when Juliana was over Judy
showed me how she could drink from a
straw and she showed me how she did it
and I just tried it with Amelia and it
worked so hold on let's see if you guys
will wanna see
I'll let you can see the camera there's
none being a good girl you didn't know
it's funny guys you get selected yeah
whoops you take too much good girl
that's amazing you're one of the guys
now you're a doggy friend oh yeah you're
thought you friend P word ugly friend
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
