and then Johnson decided he wanted to go
to the cinema to see Superman which was
fine but he left with all over media
stuff like her carseat her stroller her
wheels like everything
so Amelia I noticed yesterday she
started kind of feeding herself with a
spoon and it was kind of when my mom was
over and nobody was really like paying
attention now I think because I've
brought attention to it what are you
doing she was gonna stop or she's gonna
start messing but she was doing it
yesterday and then she was doing it
again this morning so that's kind of
interesting
also I'm freezing to death just trying
to let you all know I don't know where
my summer has gone won't you mean a big
one I feel like we have the post holiday
though our lives are boring again oh God
seriously really really hurt I'm just
like wait you squeezed all my insights
know any girls out there know what I'm
talking about the last thing you feel
like doing when you have your period is
jumping alright folks time to get
serious we have two and a half weeks or
three weeks or something like that could
we go to Sorrento so I was like I'm
gonna up I'm gonna up the game I'm gonna
try I've never really been a sort of a
runner you know what I was here to go
but not not since my new uptake I want
you know this doing what sort of like
cross-training and stuff like that and
then I kind of laid off there the cardio
stuff and worked on sort of toning and
also I'm like okay two and a half three
weeks till I'm gonna be like naked most
of the time is right dope so I'm just
gonna see if I can just sort of
implement a bit of running before you do
conditioning so just filmed a video for
it the style diet just my makeup this
makeup tutorial it's basically it's
quite close to what I wore on the meet
up I'm so stiff I'm sitting here but the
lighting here is amazing because we have
this like huge window anyways there's a
huge mess around me
and now I need to try and fix my hair
because it's gone on one weird and my
eye is watering actually this makeup is
a little bit darker then I think I would
normally wear like on a normal day but
it's the makeup that I did for the you
know but I just feel a little bit like
oh like evening makeup but anyways I'm
gonna try and spread up my hair cuz this
side is all funky and weird because I
just haven't been doing anything with my
hair and yeah see what we can do here at
a lot more than I thought I can actually
do good then and I'm stuck out here in
the mountains oh man if you want to keep
something like this it would make it a
lot easier cuz we wanted it out for ages
you know I enjoy a gym and supper day
you know but I felt like it's getting
better I'd rather be outside with nature
like you mean really enjoying it more
this is what it's trying to be keep it
up for all right now let's run all the
way home again use these two weights
more impressive slower than your body
can go that way you're getting more
didn't you see on the shoulders wherever
you just need to normally which is
probably about here you're not gonna get
as much attention I cannot wait feet
into the couch a and then just lift the
shoulder part off the ground
and then this is the best part after the
workout
I love your shoes I love your shoes I
love your shoes
hi guys what's he doing you just hanging
about hanging about playing with your
toys yeah a minute ago she was opening
and closing the door nice moves you
dancin you would answer I am going to
see Superman today and nothing is gonna
stop it because I want to see Star Trek
Star Trek I would say track but I know
it's great to be trapped ha ha but I
wanted to see Star Trek and scream 1
just like a big screen and then we
flapped the bed and I was like come on
can we go and we didn't go and then I
missed it I know it's gotta understand I
know it's like ah so I'm not missing
Superman yeah a foot adventure with dad
engaging venture with dad mode OOP
how's your venture going let's go
let's go we find some of those nothing
huge so we're looking for it here we
have two strawberry water we tried
different more poppy seed
okay that one
love these policy rows there's some kind
so good let's see
Papa no idea
do you away too
can you guys remember you see that meets
little smiley faces I don't have anymore
Jenek smiley face meet ya just wanting
to make him anymore
do you like the ham do you like the ham
huh you like the ham is it tasty maybe
your friends here would love to get
their hands on some ham mm-hmm make sure
that doesn't fall out friend you munch
that down honey Rose didn't have I think
I'd know if there isn't no it's not
crumbled it's so yummy it's really not
even I was just for me like in a rush so
I did like a half job okay what did you
prepare me kind sir I'm almost afraid to
look down here
oh thanks what's media having okay cool
thank you off on my own since Superman
or Kayal call out card out okay I don't
know review zoom do quite good love you
were saying it's not like a Superman
movie it's Monica a new rebranding of
the concept because it's not about
Superman is about semana dude Kayal or
something here we go
so I've been my mom's Kyra is supposed
to go into town and check out the ground
Thomas sale and then Jonathan decided he
wanted to go to the cinema to see
Superman which was fine but he left with
all over media stuff like her carseat
her stroller her wheels like everything
so we're swinging by his film is
starting in like five minutes or maybe a
huh
no we have five minutes so we still have
time but we're swinging by a mountain
point which is kind of out of our way so
that's kind of awkward but we need all
the see like I have nothing I don't even
have a car seat not the inside of the
cinema because I just did to take a
thing and I was about to go up and I'm
like the phone rings mom like hey what's
up she's like you have the car seat
stroller the wheels they see everything
is in the car and I'm like so I'm gonna
see exactly what happen we have got ten
little under 10 minutes when the movie
starts oh hush everything is against me
all right says Papa blue the car here
let's see if we can actually get all
this stuff out I never meet Ana at the
front fantastic oh don't mind me just
pushing the empty stroller with the car
seat and everything into it a crazy man
he did it goodbye good luck Godspeed
popcorn say doesn't start for an like
five minutes so so we got sorted out
she's been her car seat we're actually
in a car park that's why it's so dark
it's not like hours later but we met
data it's I had my own point we grabbed
all the stuff buries it because she uses
her stroller in there like that to a
stroller piece because she has to and
did I tell you she's front-facing no no
yeah so weird first time wait yeah first
time I did that I was really like
already miss shows
preysing oh yeah all right yeah yeah
yeah and she's got her bow on because I
said to my mom oh she doesn't keep her
bows on anymore next thing she kept it
on so she's keeping it on for now
they're a brand comments avail we're
just looking at shoes I need to get
shoes for summers so far she's holding
it together but what seem care suppose I
feel like all I ever buy though is you
new shoes these are cute so so far I
have this cha this was not in the sale
can you just hold it Thanks
and then these two items which are both
half off from Ted Baker so I think I'm
going to get these
Ericka's entertaining Amelia we found
this brand it's such nice stuff but it's
expensive it's kind of like yoga hands
and yoga stuff for celebrities don't
know if you guys ever heard of that one
before but let me know if you have their
stuff that's so amazing but like really
we're in the best the best part a brand
Thomas keep section so many actually got
this in a bigger size and then we got
her a little tutu
it's actually really cute everybody says
you're gonna be a ballerina yeah we're
gonna be a ballerina
my review Superman epic oh my goodness
to happen I'll tell you the first half
of the movie for me was definitely the
better
um rush the first time for me was
definitely like the better half because
I love like the story building stuff and
all that but em I wasn't one thing for a
man that saved the world
he definitely destroyed the world in the
process seen the movie don't know what
it's like it's like destroy like the
demand of destroy it was almost like he
almost thought at some point you're
watching like terminator are not turning
transformers it was so much man but yeah
like it was definitely was definitely
good it's definitely good reimagining
there's actually a couple of moments
where I felt myself maybe cuz I love my
own and stuff when I'm sitting there and
actually I was I'm crying like it I
crying but like overwhelms and emotion
reason schooling's like the outcast and
it's real tough but he's like holding
back from like lashing out you know I
think there's a lot of you know metaphor
and one in what he's dealing with you
know but yeah definitely I think was
really really good reimagining of the
Superman story and ya know probably make
a couple of more of them we came to
table which is the like restaurant place
in Grand Thomas yeah yeah I think she's
tired but she might kind of her chopper
we givers of paint
but she looks really cute in this outfit
with you know two models team huh and
everybody stop was very nice and three
of her favorite her new favorite thing
the little cookie from my coffee she has
some fruit oh yeah yeah and some scone
and not a lot of scholars actually held
like a piece of butter sugar office
owners who knew yes but she loved the
grapes honey because they're like cherry
tomatoes and let's see the mess oh you
didn't make a huge mess we're gonna
clean that up anyways hi everyone
did you miss me did you miss me Kyle out
mm-hmm
come on let's go peepees that side oh
it's so sunny guys she's get out there
enjoy the summer in fact let's get this
let's get this open to come on let's go
nice she probably kept the grass
actually tardy changing her nappy and I
looked hot that's what that would say
yeah we have all the pit stop and I like
these changing very comfortable they've
got some chairs there where you can feed
and oh a little seat to put your baby
when you need to do stuff that's very
happy
hey friend you just hanging about in the
kitchen
hello kitty kitchen the butterflies
you're gonna fly like a butterfly what's
the butterfly you show me a butterfly
show me a butterfly like a butterfly
sting like a bee my whole sauce oh my
goodness
well he's gonna play with it look at
this
hey we think of that the biggest hello
kitty cat hat in the world that's cute
oh he's the cute kid yeah I got a new
honey she wants to show it off
I like this though it sounds oh my it
feels nice is that the floor stuff
choose couture cuz it feels like velour
that's what they say huh
it comments me you'd like one of them
and Erica might send it to you if you
say say I would like Erica's hoodie
because Erica is and then say something
really nice about her and then she might
give it to you do you agree with that
yeah what are you going okay this is a
kronor
she got the decathlete a minute ago she
got over to the cat food gun now huh
no stealing the cat food cat food she's
trying to fly what are you doing a
little bit oh yes Soleri whenever I test
for the way home we'll get some water
wipes and get some more wipes we take
the bib off now I scream you scream we
all scream for ice cream
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
can don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
