is that you want daddy I love you that's
intended like
good morning what is up my friends I'm
drinking back old Bessie Oh Bessie so
just drop in the car back and what's
your name Joe Joe Joe's wife watches the
show right
hi wife he's talking away here he's
crawling away here actually left my
people in Dublin really gotta get a new
one you think
20,000 strokes per minute what the hell
sonic power oh my god
I just hand up at least two purse well I
totally got back a nice tea bush so we
came here for we kept postponing it we
didn't realize how long will it take to
do a media's passport so I'm trying to
get everything together for her passport
we need her passport application we need
her photos which I have we need her
birth cert and we need um my passport I
think so and I think right now because
we're kind of in a rush it takes 10
working days to do the passport Express
there's also all of this song screaming
bet you that we're back in here friend
we got your mirror whoo huh
well thank you your friend yeah a little
different to the vine would give effect
a lot of garden stations closed down
just like too
yeah to save money so a lot of the ones
near us that I know of anyways are gone
which sucks so we're traveling a little
bit further out and actually this is the
one that we went to before when we had
to get something else done so even we
didn't even need it was for me or for my
driver's license so yeah we're heading
to the Garda Station now and we're gonna
get this little gangster mugshot signed
I think we have to get it signed twice
or something like that and then we need
four of these to put with the
submissions this is what an Irish police
station looks like probably a little bit
different Island hello welcome to the
hour 17 minutes past I'm gonna cue
there's a queue building up posting I've
actually seen two vlog so far if you
have a vlog send it to me or tweeted to
me or leave it a video response or
something next I want to watch them
because I wanted I would look through a
blog tons more at the meetup but it was
so crazy that I did not expect that many
people turned up and it was like oh my
goodness there was like seven billion
people here so I ended up didn't really
even vlog at all you know but I was like
also I found like two blogs I was
watching and we were like ah so that's
what went on during the day you know
they're like if you didn't get like a
proper picture like but you took a
picture at the event cuz you know how we
had they were like posing picture yeah
your picture stuck yeah any picture all
you have to do like it's not like we're
I know I read some in the comments yeah
I'm not judging your pictures or
anything like oh he's half past oh boy
still closed let's go so both parents
and the child
I'm sorry about this Amelia but I have
no idea what's that about huh so after
all that stress I think I fill it in
something wrong on her for him and now
I'm like oh my god because you have to
sell it in black ink and I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to like cancel it out
it's just a small part I got confused
because it was like country of birth and
then she's born in Ireland and then I
started filling in her because it was
like details of parents born in Ireland
and I started filling in Johnathan cuz
I'm not going hey hey guys what's going
on but she's of a different category
because she's already born in Ireland so
it doesn't actually make a difference I
just got confused because I know in my
head - I'm not born in Ireland so I
automatically just went and filled that
out so hopefully you can like they can
discount that product yeah
I'm not 20% Irish look at the big girl
in the stroller
we hope we did it it's just mama thing
so hopefully we will have a passport for
him yeah in time because otherwise
because I'm his passport is attached to
minis passport so tighter and Meghan has
no passport but that means the anna has
no title issues I'm gonna shred on my
own so there'll be there'll be space for
one of you guys we're moving a giveaway
to an athletes with Jovi in Toronto
that's it you in leave a comment if
you'd like Spencer now for you in the in
Sorrento wait you'll have to vlog very
nice
let's go so much is this thing in the
chicken which our girl pepper toys too
this is what we came here she wants to
give her oh it's sweet okay whatever one
of these yeah so cute Abraham you wanna
meet you whoa loads and stuff this was
needed all right this is needed
well we've never done these before first
time yeah
you ready yeah I may be a bit fishy in
this oh she's getting an answer
oh good girl I wasn't sure about the
sucking I didn't know if she didn't have
to do it
again that happens to me all the time as
well so I know it's probably kind of bad
but it was only to find anything I gave
him you have my teeny tiny little cookie
that I get with my coffee
she loves it my healthy little kids
having cheap dosti in their little
healthy smoothie and actually she really
liked that that's good to know for
traveling but don't tell anybody
Martin's Ventus food never come to my
senses
what
yeah veggie tear Benji you forgot your
eggs you have fun in farmers market so
in honor of you I'm going to cook those
eggs eat those eggs now I'm taking
Instagram and send them to you
I don't know what you are
I thought you're gonna say we need to
San Jose
I got overexcited barbecue it looks
actually couldn't it looks just like
pepper we're gonna Percy who's that you
want daddy
shake I love you that's intended like I
love you you love that
and every quarter munching people we
should you know invite that we should I
take milky and cheesy bonus one you
think so oh my goodness Oh
Marks and Spencers forsook why
cheesecake
seriously it was so but it was really
cool like they would like if we buy it
in for a cheesecake we say fifteen euros
it's almost kind of cool that they
talked about it they didn't just are
tonight let's pay the extra money see
you know Marks and Spencers I'm sold on
them I'm gonna start where Marks and
Spencers t-shirts that was pretty cool
I'm gonna free cheese gate duty late now
actually it's like half past five
minutes you could tell like it's getting
dark and they still have yet to film a
video for this child I was gonna fill my
goodie bag video from LA creative but I
just I haven't had time yet but um so I
was just sorting through all the amazing
um clothing that a meet me I got look at
all of this from you guys and just the
sizes and then I have to obviously wash
everything thank you so much you guys
like art I mean she's just kidding out
now for the next like year I think
because a lot of those things are like
12 to 18 months so that was really cute
and then she got like headbands and just
so many cute little things so I'm just
sorting through everything and look she
brought a Peppa Pig Cup it's like a
tumbler Cup so cute so I'm just sorting
through all those and then you need to
just see where everything goes and then
we also got these one of these was
Giuliana's but they couldn't take
because they were traveling you know
they
had so much stuff so I said I did
because I really liked the Disney
Princess bags or the Disney bags so I
have these two here that I'm kind of
using for toys right now cuz I just
think they're cute we got lots of like
amazing gift bags as well so again thank
you so much Joanna go inside Nevaeh
good girl go peepees go pick these guys
good dogs
i brand like brand lobby and believe me
hello tear or oh you guys you guys in
peru you guys you guys
Amy what's this prizes let's just uh huh
oh hey oh oh my goodness is that a word
holy crap that two words holy crap can
anyone pronounce that oh my god let me
just I'm gonna give a gun or passes
worth you hi I'm from Wales and I live
in work Duke learn word tersely
why no it's just like go in the middle
of it it's like oh go go gosh that's my
you seen a scene on Jacinta C&R Jacinta
hey Brent it's good Oh Cena telling your
secrets
you see no telling your secrets are lies
what's up what's up what's out dinners
on the go I made for my family family
look at this look at this beast huh a
bit Z's from
one bib coming up so I think everybody
was impressed you're crawling yesterday
you want you some more crawling today
doing some calling see you how do I put
this here huh
whoops you got that deal wait till I go
no it's better if you deal when I'm not
in the room it's more exciting do you
already have it did you already get it
well it was too easy okay okay
let's give it a good one huh how about
all the way back here there's no way
you're getting that no way oh is that
she just closed the door come on
okay what about here oh well that was
easy huh
you got chicken on your face huh what
about here we're right here you get it
can you get it come on come on
she ups it goes you have to start from
the sitting position right go do it come
on good girl come on do you think what's
been going on
huh what's been going on here what's
been going on in here that's absolutely
nothing Bianca thank you
hey oh he's at Bianca having them like
he's on Bianca I have them but she's
looking for a fight and the people say
no way that wasn't nobody hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
