oh here we go no it's fun and he's gonna
buy and the guys address at the end I
think they just buying everybody drinks
no more drinks
what's up guys it's the morning up to me
up hits the money within me I'll feed
hub event you're gonna have to scavenge
some foods like like Celtic warriors
hunter-gatherers but we got some Spears
we're gonna head off to the wilderness
and spear a boar
the grass is black in Ireland look it's
funny grass who's going
Oh camera Cena cameras dealer I spy a
camera stealer we find somewhere to do
it yeah when today lovely food cuz you
wanted lovely pair very more like
mediocre food full of lipid nowhere
could you drink on glass huh nice job
look at Amelia's duties she's got to
site bottom teeth coming up show your
tooth these can you show them anyways
we're still waiting for Jonathan M&G cuz
a place didn't open until 10:00 and
Jonathan left out like 10 minutes - or
like 15 minutes - so we're still waiting
oh and we're starving bring some food
dad welcome Edie I had a milk feed so
she's okay
hey yeah revered you just score first
going to Nana yeah
get you this you know what I've heard
about Irish butter little one yeah all
right what's going yeah you know what
like Irish bones are good free Irish
bones are like hundred times better 100%
better free things in the state - good -
yeah hahaha go we got brand oh and
tonight I got I got my ha I got the free
cocktail but I buried in yogurt and
fruit more fruit I buried my fruit and
fruit go Benji got this beast
oh the Beast it's an Irish beast you say
hi Dada
hi hi goofy jokes Amelie and I just
wanted to pop in and put in this secret
footage that you don't know about until
you're watching it right now and you're
everything to say Happy Father's Day and
we love you yeah do you love daddy can
you say I love data yeah
so we wanted to say thank you so so much
for being the most amazing dad - Amelia
we're so proud of you and I'm so happy
that she could have a daddy like you
because you are just amazing you're
every little girls dream father and you
show it in the vlogs and in just real
life everything you do for her it's just
so amazing the way you look after her
the way her face lights up every time
she sees you so thank you so so much and
um yeah just thank you we love you say
we love you dad - say bye can you give
him a kiss Oh keep give him a kiss
oh so we're heading to the Meetup yay
we're already Judy look so pretty
Juliana look go to your house yeah I did
no I did it oh I'm the vlog
no I'm stalling it how could you I love
it I love that okay
I love yours too okay excited excited
but there we are is Amelia's first time
in a taxi
yeah I think so Hey the other path was
like what's he doing taxi GE like chair
you know what are you supposed to do
I'm trying to find our way through this
a light creative here I friend stings
acting a little funny I think it's down
here oh and I got pooped on and I got
pooped on that's supposed to be good
luck though I heard trimmer at one time
we are we're on a walk and the poop and
it's hit my glass love it's my dad -
insider has a book I was crazy
I'm serious well you've got poop on you
I've got food on me Benji is a little
food as well I think we should put
something on Judy's clothes fancy oh my
sickness Chad look at this
hello this is nice yeah once it in you
want to stand there we take a picture
what are you doing what are you doing
what are you doing
no they're so good they've gone to get a
hairdresser the big fan is there to get
me to poop out to get the move out oh we
got the food bad to pick the boob good
girl
media mmm it's good that's all the media
this is on a media's writer she's like I
want 12 cupcakes mini cupcakes hi you
want to get down very gently Joe you get
a free media from a thousand cupcakes
you buy a few deal it's so excited so I
got word who on my head we were just
walking to here so now I am trying to
get fixed and hopefully it goes well
we've got water spray and then a GHD to
like rip curl my hair I can't believe
that happened like that's never ever
happen to be reporter it's only ever it
happened to Jonathan once
his glasses I think that was actually
caught on camera but never to me so
hopefully we can get this fixed and I
was just told this is what we're giving
away today so that looks amazing so they
fixed my hair it looks okay I think
fingers crossed they fix the bird pooped
oh you can actually see now there's no
poop poop free zone
so thank you thank you so much you can't
even tell
oh that's so fizzy I really do love it
it's a vegetable Richie it's from us hey
that's really cool so cool I'm here my
makeup oh my goodness yeah I know I know
I gotta go you getting something done
holy crap that hurt she didn't pay so
cool about that maybe think we should go
after the babies
is really different a beautiful 10 like
oh she fell on the way that's horrible
to learn from photography this is so
cool-looking
this is my lamp yeah their name from all
the top cities of the world so you were
just in the Lone Pine Street yeah I
noticed that every James Bond franchise
is there a core point was it you said
top cities and stumbling don't listen to
them so we're in definitely creative
school and or la pretty family of makeup
fashion and beauty and I really wish
this had been around when I was like
looking at colleges lifetimes I think I
feel like I would have loved this so so
cool this is ready to almond makeup and
that or the fashion styling she said it
looks like oh thank you oh that's where
we just work the retail shop
that's where you're gonna go to college
yeah I would mind
I just keep thinking like I wish this
abeam when you are ready heart I don't
think it was remember if it was I I
definitely see no one is worth nightmare
in college yeah I am like so bad the way
that's not even funny
Oh Paris but yeah this is so nice
I think Judy's getting her makeup
touched off oh my god what a day we
picked I got lucky we got look at this
weather it's amazing this is wrapped in
chief you don't come down here that
often so gorgeous where was this Moses
winning last week it was waiting for us
to come to Dublin
you having fun friends first time
Grafton Street see your friends you see
any friends over there
okay oh hey hi friends
hello everyone
what's going on what's going on sir will
do he oh he only I know it's fun and
he's gonna buy and the guys the drinks
at the end I think they just buying
everybody drinks oh my oh thanks whore
Amelia really didn't make it just fast
asleep
ah the Giuliana's down hitting the bar
up with ng thunder shots few Jager bombs
for Giuliana I know it's a lot of people
here just cupcakes I know I know retired
friend well taking a break we stopped
mommy
the cooler up here okay with you yeah is
where the dads go with the babies visit
that hangout spot hey buddy
excited you go back down here a little
bit better hi were you were you guys
were the troopers
Amelia lizard village oh my god
Juliana a break yeah What's Wrong buddy
buddy
show me thoroughly yeah probably I don't
know no no no I said yeah yeah yeah it's
okay you can mess up your clothes now
yeah oh my god I was so much fun guy saw
me you guys turn up that was like a nice
line wasn't it
I was young
yeah I was so much fun thank you so much
everyone it came I hope you I hope we
got to meet everyone I hope you all had
a good time yeah thanks sorry what if
your pictures right of ones where media
was crying in them yeah who's the later
pictures I'm crying Amelia yeah she's a
trouper though amazing how she napped
there's some of it to Sami and Benji are
out looking for some munch looking for
some lunch in the ladies at around
looking for some beers beers although we
got a Polish beer and a Welsh beer well
Benji gotta polish being a welfare but
say he might give me a soap a little
soap off the side where is a good toy
restaurant in town here by the time you
leave me a comment it's probably going
to be too late we can comment anyway I'm
gonna drive a Givenchy Terrier I
couldn't see what our preachers were
around here somewhere
do you read Thai curry that's what I
want where's Lloyd Lloyd alright
somewhere around here
no that's seems to be a pizza place
didn't think you a pizza place anymore
somewhere somewhere in here what's this
one no it's Italian if it's down there
think I should consult the map hold on
then you won't know for sure until we
found it oh we found something well this
is pretty cool you know you won
pretty cool YUM got some heinie we got
some green Thai curry yeah well yeah
maybe a small plate
are you find everything huh Junior knows
the way around my mom what's up friends
is my sauce owner probably know all
maybe Emilia's know you have it just
have it anyway look we've got immediate
look I haven't breaded chicken you know
what you might be this what's going on
guys
oh he's going on what's going on are you
getting up what he's going on you crazy
cats you crazy cats oh yeah I don't pull
her dress off
so before benji goes home he wants one
more pint holes by an irish hand and
listen Irish music open tenure you might
know what Bray's get around here
apparently that's a bit of diddly idle
when I was there there's a bit of a bear
on with your Christie more give her here
Christie more Oh Christie Moore is a
legend in Ireland don't forget you
shuffle if you're going to go to rock
find it in the only man me me me me
very Irish you wanted the perfect bite
this may be a perfect fight
but again this went down well run as
medics now oh yeah man you think
everything Iren because like you know
it's Irish in you guys does when the
Benji that nuts nuts our crucial part of
drinking beer and our die but it's just
that's a dry roasted nut dry dry roasted
honey roasted look like honey honey
roasted peanuts reading beer pop I don't
know it look like honey rusted to me for
now I'm
probably I'm still on the Heinie's uses
the after-party
the official after-party every what
happened here I got iverstown departed
yeah average journey
I'm the boy yeah people at all I'm
half-irish some ungood all Irish whiskey
right oh yeah this is gonna end badly
I'm coming home
nice isn't that the words solo shot
crazy man or just double shots or Irish
national anthem is your Benjy setup
everyone standing
we're going to Eddie rockets or empty
pockets as they call it because we gotta
get we gotta do this proper see if it's
open
veggies first time in not Johnny Rockets
Eddie Rockets even though it's
completely empty we have to play so
ourselves we would book it after haha
but he's going in do it 20 cents going
into this irish jukebox that's played an
American joke right what are you going
for it pick a number B 5 we got way to
the song ends oh how did you find the
alcohol consumption in Ireland that's
good was it very delicious was it
delicious
yeah I'm just covered nasty alcohol
exactly - this is delicious
hope you enjoyed your week here bench
then yeah what do you got to say to the
Irish people you're very friendly and
very funny haha and your beer is good
and your food is satisfying hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
