yeah
hey little friend like when hi friend
you sitting up she's so like literally
she was just sitting or lying beside me
yeah then I saw her like she rolled over
onto her tummy
alrighty says this yeah my gosh my hair
whatever just kind of looking in the
mirror and then next thing this little
head pops awful run I was like what the
hell she was just sitting there next to
me like a big girl
no it's like media copy
oh don't Hans or her ear he's like I
hold on to this maybe I'll get a lift
yeah I read it's okay
she's keep on truckin the Irish are
tough
Irish babies are tough babies I'm gonna
stand up Amelia hope you guys stand up
together
what does ana has never seen that before
yeah yeah sometimes she grabs things oh
my God look at this because you guys
like just suck watch wait but one hand
like this you can't just in me get some
hands come back oh it's like wait what
come on here oh sure you lift up one leg
okay looking but I'm not here because
Junie gets a little bit carsick so I
told her she should sit up here with the
babies and and yeah into Leanna's
feeding
Amelia's actually do with you but I'll
call you back early
so we're doing this now and then we're
just going to go to Oh
which I'm actually excited about how my
hair's for free late hair like I so
thank you Mike I think it looks like I
was dragged throw washer because I just
let it air dry like last night I just
left on it and then I woke up was like
whoa but I didn't have time to style it
or anything so I'm just gonna leave it I
might put it in a ponytail later right
we tried to bring Benji to the PS the
resistance of Cork food the farmers
market in my hand there's there's a
couple of people queuing queuing is part
of the experience
queuing Oh like waiting to get something
oh hey wait we have babies in the car
with a baby parking oh sweet oh yeah
so Benji's gonna go up to someone right
I told him to say thank you in Ireland
you just say like Polk Mahone and say
you say thank you the ventures gonna
politely say thank you to some of the
farmers up here yeah see that's a dispel
fruit in Ireland see ya it's proof tasty
but yeah if we saw that in a family or
something somewhere these are the fruit
pavilion within the pavilion
history I made a joke about it the bench
is gonna try absolutely everything here
he's gonna be all day long just going
from stall to stall yeah you're right
Tunnel time ng this is this is like an
experience yeah the best architectural
the iris
how come to ballymaloe we may not fit hi
how's it going I'm just looking Jeb you
listen pally my little house
really all right George I sleep Oklahoma
huh both my own go we don't tend to do
this in Ireland that often I don't know
I've done an American thing for me Leon
Gina and I are tired tire little teddy
bears it's a teddy bear
I'm sorry about this road it's it's
awfully bumpy but I decided to join
Benji in the the shorts game today sorry
for missing it sounds like you know what
I wear shorts as well today then we're
both fools but we can be fools together
people your team fool
let me come to you I teach em y'all
everyone like the salmon
blah blah blah we've having baking on
butter by picking the butter off of the
brown bread uh-huh it's so good when you
drink coffee or tea and if one of these
books let me taste so much better
um thank you okay no way well here look
actually harming this ego because you
wonder Jim Jonathan's gonna be lost
because he's so short
let's Jonathan's favorite Amelia Amelia
I have to Instagram Jonathan gave me
like 500 contractions talking plug it
Instagram it yeah like are you serious
topic topic farmhand why don't you go
there take a picture of you okay
you holding this what take a picture
let's call the everything nice yes a
large friendly using yeah really yeah
this is a great this is actually very
thumbnail right right here with the blue
sky my call thumbnail I got it they're
located to say so alien to me I know
every part of a Bigfoot
cutie can purchase plans I like flutter
through the head room so they're both
watching it a really good idea we're
here at photo and it's a lot different
than it was when we were here last time
ooh it's like completely renovated the
front of it like it looks so different
you know the Irish for electric is like
hug
oh so that's like hug fence so go and
touch it I'll give you a hug cool what
do you love to have my name as a pet so
beautiful says we will probably eat you
in your sleep
grandpa's little train goes choo choo to
Jupiter
cute feel actually wake her up so she
can enjoy it ah maybe she'd be awake by
the time you get to the monkeys oh it's
okay I speak fluent chicken which one
you watch Ileana this one oh he's giving
me the evils oh there's a little chicken
don't scare it Jonathan don't like
that's just me
he is asleep she's missing a whole show
hi little chicken hi friend
hi friend wakey wakey wakey wakey you
will see the monkey you see the monkey
oh hello my name is monkey I'm just
eating my banana all right think I
dropped my banana oh crap oh I got it
hey yeah all right what I mean are they
they're like you okay okay come on come
on
I made a friend
Oh friend we need 50 cent this is the UM
you just break no see you get some food
everything we're working on it we're
working on it sit on the floor it's
probably already picked away we got it
we got it we got it we did it we beat
the system
yeah
oh my God we're gonna have so many ducks
you see the deck am I gonna get attacked
but oh hey hey ducky a little bit if you
tuck well yeah Jonathan okay see the
duck were very territorial I think yeah
oh my god did you see I know
it says please do not touch the
Kangaroos I think right please do not
well that part is covered these are not
worth the time yeah it's like what up
food now get the little baby one
literally I know he's so cute oh the
Ducks are gone hi
I can't know there's monkeys monkeys Oh
with zooming zooming zooming for my
friends they're coming out with like
oranges who's got the oranges
he's got the orange - huh you know see
you monkeys ah
look at the lemurs brand look at this
little fella here think it is little
fella huh she's having a snack a bit of
munch Miki Miki sorry oh look at me
Tia's looking at it yeah you see it try
to get ahead of it huh
hello hello this guy huh yep I'm so
pretty
whoa you know-
me every Capcom ma get compared yeah
this is like what are you doing like
what are you trying to do here I'm so
busy I have no time he's trying to get
out hey friend hey monkey friend
hey yeah it's like it's like a medium
look he's like Amelia like yep Maddie's
fitnah not sure about this part
yeah well trying to bring everybody to
the mostess
yeah the shopping center that's why I
was trying to bring Benji to like the
most exciting places so it's not like
Douglass court it's definitely no one
think that's a good that's an exciting
place so Benji is gonna cook us all
dinner tonight it's everyone all right
everyone just line up but just gonna
call around to your house you got you
got a lot you got a lot of people to
make dinner for today so leave below
what you like to have you know and or
link to sleep below what county or state
or city you live in and Benji and myself
over like Santa Claus we're gonna get
right into all your houses so he's
picking up the freshest finest Irish
produce even family practice to follow
an honest farmer it's hopefully where he
was what kind of meat eater like you
want minced beef or
Richards
looking and I'm not that familiar with
all your different cuts I want something
that's got a lot of flavor to it but I
can cut up in the babies already again
someone else didn't have to go well they
gotta be finishing better today
fragile that's why I might have to do it
at home
if you can do a mall like that but it
might be taking a while I don't know if
it's worth okay come on this is a
japchae come on is that is that a
traditional Japanese one yeah not just
traditional it is what hey friend
hey foreign friend hmm woof-woof-woof
this one over here the one that's open
doing above it this is great these
people come to our house they cook our
food what are you guys up there yeah
it's pretty warm in here though are you
going what's going on you can't sneak
away you can't sneak away or thought
knowing that would I get out kill me do
it okay you mind the babies okey-dokey
do you guys want to come and clean the
pool
so Johnson's tasting something that
Benji made it's the song I sing glory or
I recorded too soon okay so how much
should I take no just say yeah yeah
because I'm making it for the actual
food
there is a banana all right we good no I
like spicy isn't that so good I like
that
that is so good yeah oh yes a hope like
you're like wow or did you ditch the
whole house mumble nose you know no
that's it there you go
it takes a minute later and you're just
like whoa okay now let it be put it down
that's not marry because I will make it
too spicy
bring out on the meat it's just soy
sauce and pepper I'm excited to eat this
come on Judy
there'd be no blogs yeah yeah exactly
Hey yeah every day your friends oh it's
cute try to get through strong guys when
you walk away you don't want to be here
Oh give give me that give me that back
Amelia Amelia Thomasina Amelia Thomasina
you give me that back nope
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
