oh hey hi guys welcome to today's video
it's me Alessia I just need this
sometimes I don't like the look oh hey
hey what's going on hi I just know I'm
not always gonna be really funny though
so and i seea started eating solids
yesterday how was it how was your first
day of eating your solid food what do
you think how was it did you like it was
it a fun time and then today well
tomorrow I thought it was today and your
crib is going to arrive but actually
it's tomorrow but the bedding arrives
today for your crib you're moving on up
mate okay firstly you're in a trip-trap
like proper like baby chair feeding
thing now you're eating solids now
tomorrow you're moving into your own bed
which means probably your own room your
own your own room you know you drew do
you huh
I mean that you will have their room
Mike give me no little Alessia in there
huh whose room do you want to sleep in
we're trying to decide try to put her in
the little boxy room thing we have which
is what we put Amelia and Eduardo
whenever babies or do we put her in like
Eduardo's room Amelia's room we put her
in a million room they're probably just
lots of massing all night long
you grab my beard be lots of math
messing all night log you investigating
but Eduardo
more than likely would stay in bed and
not be bothered by you what do you
reckon on seal whether you reckon on it
they'll get her play the kids kids
version wonder in school mom version one
is not here oh yeah that's the things I
saw and I was like that right that's
it's not a lot for weaning off food from
six months oh can you say Dada Dada can
you say Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada day oh she's got a runny nose I
don't know is it teething that day oh is
that not as good yeah oh look at your
eyes no guys are amazing they're kind of
like greyish hmm they're definitely
that's their color it's for sure all six
months though I don't know I feel like
they're different look at me yeah they
might think
look into my eyes both the dark room hmm
what does everybody have that do I have
that yeah he's a doo doo doo doo oh yeah
I do
dude hey where do we go these mean the
rain goes yeah does everyone have
eyelashes yes beat me Oh
Alessia don't don't be in listen to this
now watch this see see what I'm doing
that's what you do if men are mean to
you you just do this not what a team is
doing well we've keep one of these in
your handbag
he'll hi we are kind of switching up
unless he has a routine a little bit
I'm trying to hold her off going to
sleep until a bit later usually she goes
step down at 12 but we're gonna try and
push it to half we're probably not gonna
get to half but for the past couple of
weeks I have been wanting to swear it in
here out not my actual wardrobe I kind
of sort of thought I like the clothes I
need to do still that's that big box of
maternity clothes still hasn't made its
way down to the basement and then
there's still my chest of drawers over
there needs to be sort of there too
because it's got loads of maternity
coats still in it I started out my shoe
shelf thing when I got these shoes
they're so cool look at them there's
some Edelman Edelman I love them I
haven't worn them yet because it's been
quite em I really bought them like at
the wrong season but it doesn't really
matter I just I really wanted them for
ages I can't really wear them right now
because it's just really muddy outside
and kind of like wet and I don't want to
get them ruined so they're more of like
a summary like spring springtime
probably shoe I want to get in here done
I'll show you what I mean so this is
kind of a mess it's full of like mainly
wash bags and like
20 bags for traveling you know she had
some carrot today for lunch let me sort
it out and like make it look more
organized or not make it look more guys
make it more organized this is the
before and hopefully there will be an
after I do need to collect children and
whatnot so we'll see okay we got kind of
far with the clear out basically what
happened was um you had to go down for a
nap so I had to stop it but I did get
rid of a ton of stuff like for well
there was some rubbish in there that you
keep and you think you're gonna use it
but then you store your jewelry in like
your jewellery storage or you wear it so
there's really no point that kind of
thing charity like some stuff that I
wanted to give to charity so that was
good
halfway there I would say maybe yeah
today is the day friends I've been
trying to do this for ages and it's just
not happening but I'm a time today to do
it oh she's making for less actually but
anyway are you ready for it some of you
may what was that anyways it was it
where is it this is what I've been
waiting for guys to watch this it's two
episodes in I think five it's always
I've been so busy I haven't got a chance
but I'm making time Oh expansive so
everything's good but this guy's Star
Trek was a show that was on like when I
was a kid like and it's like yeah my
next thing you know it ago the Stargate
it's gonna be back Stargate in Star Trek
and Star well I like to stylize star
shows yeah I'm a star boy and star man
star bars stars yeah that stars mom yeah
gonna go watch this I'm gonna do Star
Trek discovery so I got a few minutes in
and then this happened okay is she
sitting in either percent buffering
either by Adam okay I got the first line
in
then it just stopped and it's doing this
this is all all the lights are shining
here guess who was the bravest little
girl in the world
look what you got she got a glittery
sticker and a great sticker and then you
want to show your certificate gonna show
it Oh certificate of bravery yeah yeah
good girl you were so good with it yeah
right we almost didn't make it because
school wouldn't let me find her out for
ages they were super busy Yeah right
Oh jeepers okay it's not so beautiful
all right turn around good girl good
girl now we're gonna get a treat aren't
we yeah this is the destruction that
happens after school gets out and here's
the dance party Wow okay there is a high
probability I will run out of fuel
before I reach my destination because
everyday I've been playing a risky game
when she's the post I don't know
everyday is risky game where it's got
like it was like 20 miles left and I was
like ah I feel it later and then it was
like 30 mono didn't go up went down you
know it's like getting lower and lower
and lower each time and I just was not
getting petrol I kept believing at each
time let's see we're up to
ten miles I'm going to collect the
mother-in-law of the mill Dylan mill
it's not a dad in law or is it Phil Phil
father-in-law Phil mother-in-law mill
dad an ordeal what do they call dad in
law why is it Dale not feel part because
Phil is a bit silly
Phil you've your name or whatever your
name is Phil did any you guys have a
father-in-law called Phil Siri just been
there what's up Phil Phil Phil my my
Phil is a fit my fillers call Phil I'll
call Phil Phil no gives me who got the
power
quick update I made it I'm survived I
have a number of petrol miles left
probably enough to get home but I may
run into difficulty doing the school run
in the morning and it's Grandparents Day
tomorrow
that's why Anna's mom is here by the way
she's come for Grandparents Day where
you bring a grandparent of your choosing
to their school with you
so Margaret's coming in she flew in I
think yesterday and then she went
straight down to Brighton to Erika
because we're not the only ones in UK
its competitive its competitive now yeah
so uh-oh one thing I see her so I made
it on time and I didn't run out of
petrol but we may not make it home stay
tuned to find out oh can you see it can
you see seven miles
seven miles Marga shall we go for a
drive should we drive the court
alright you some chicken supreme the
supreme dream Lutz want to know wonder
how bad it's gonna be when you're right
down to the line like this whoa that was
quite a lot folks who is it guys look
who I found
look who I found
look who I found huh I find an old man
find a suitcase what did you have I
tried to get on the Barney bears out of
those I tried to soak all the chocolate
added to Barney bears look at this
there's a seat here Oh favorite us come
on jeez I was like dad's day when I went
into the school
oh yeah what does she have to has a
shower tonight get herself ready do you
have a uniform ready Jeff a uniform I'm
daddy why a whole pack though okay she
needs a challenge
thank you got teeth again missus how you
grown more teeth did you put your finger
and you feel it oh she just heard her
favorite did you which mean is it let me
in let me in I'll put up right there's
those two maybe back there that's an
awful parent oh oh I think we have a top
tooth I think we have a top - coming
down
do you have a tough team for us but you
feel it up to top there's no kind of
feel like there's something up there
okay she's a biter
she's a biter it's just salt right who
fetches
what happened here a present
Oh funnies he's wired oh look are you
guys it's got hot bugs on it it's got
hot bugs on it
how'd you find a magazine with iPods on
it
I know oh listen doesn't have archives
in it okay let me help
oh yeah whoa you just you just dropped
all your fancy China okay so could you
imagine someday Eduardo Ciccone Jolie's
in the catnap kind of stuff you imagined
it was in here oh my goodness imagine
like he'll be amazing I'll be my dream I
am trying to open it oh oh this is the
whole thing just comes off Jeeps
jeepers creepers I would never mean it
uh how he's from today what was it like
telling the boys and girls at home did
it sting what's it like what's it like
do you write you recommend getting shots
you don't want it a shot well I have
some good news you don't need to get
another shot ever again unless you
travel to some country where you have to
get injections sometimes yes but here's
another come goes for more good news
mommy and daddy will not be giving you
permission to go backpacking in Thailand
okay just because mommy and daddy did
things like that when they were young
doesn't mean that immediate need to do
those things okay you can go backpacking
in Devon and Brighton okay maybe not
Brighton actually Devon okay well it's
definitely the garden you can go
backpacking in the garden internal
interrailing in the garden imagine what
your friends
no see you in the morning time I'll spin
you're dragging around oh and I'll spin
everything around so we gotta spin the
dragon we've got a spinning the light
everything is spinning get mad mister Oh
jeepers there you go mate night mr. big
day bringing your grandmother to school
you might go away oh no
you'll be there I see in the morning
okay I'll see you for breakfast
my name is
I heard a noise what are you doing
