Oh dirty who you looking at
look at this little angel look she's got
her a puppy
and she's watching Peppa Pig do you love
it so Amina's having some Slavens hi-8
muesli for the first time a little bit
nervous about the raisins so we'll just
keep an eye on that but so far so good
because the Cheerios are okay but
they're kind of more of a fun and cereal
you know and I know she loves Cheerios
because obviously they're sweet and
they're I mean they're whole grain and
everything but they're probably not the
best thing for her like when I said it
to my mom she was having Shiro she was
like okay I could tell she was kind of
like I had the best choice but I only
already did the Cheerios because I knew
she liked to pick up little things so
I'm trying at the height and obviously
this is so much healthier um oh there's
another some nuts I think it's just
seeds so it's okay so what's the house
gets on with that do you like it do you
like that yeah the raisins are sweet
there's dates in there - yum yum yum oh
hi there friend look at this - uh -
uh-huh
you gotta be - off with your friend
pushes who's the gang what's up now no
no madness going on here quiet in the
back quiet in the back conspiracies oh
she got arriver what you can but you can
you get rather got monkey oh my
oh she's nine months old today huh happy
nine months or 40 weeks yeah oh my god
no she could have her own baby let's go
to a castle let me this guy's the entire
city of cork
we're not normally up there here because
we're completely lost I'm trying to hit
the Blarney Castle and I'm like why am I
in the middle of the city castle yeah
yeah yeah
alright so dear do go um that might be a
problem but if the Google map says I
should drive true that does that mean
that I'm legally allowed to drive true
that is if google says it best of all
yeah Google is the law right it's not
our s insurance for this view yeah I got
that I got the waiver so I said it is
girlfriend enjoy your trip
we owe you would template Juliana said
which is telling secrets that you can
run over here in Blarney Castle which is
some somewhere around there we're gonna
avoid that cloud hopefully we did well
to wetter because Benji came to Ireland
right and he did not bring a jacket you
came to the most rainiest country in the
world is that the rainiest country
probably a bit Brazil Oh God it's okay
cuz no one in Ireland actually has any
rain gear yeah it's only tourists that
bring rain gear no hey no like never no
umbrella nothing huh goodness a talk to
Giuliana this is a castle I'm making
lots of game at Roane references but
it's wasted it's wasted here it'll be a
red wedding all right it's gonna be a
long walk up there someone's gonna it's
almost got have to carry the stroller
maybe Anna will wait down here it's cool
it's mostly like dungeons and stuff in
here is that suppose for like dungeons
and stuff you can go visit that's cool
like you know isn't it oh my oh why
don't we just take you with a camera are
you with her hate the castle friend
Monty castle want a castle friend yeah
we here this is my castle actually show
happen here but we were standing here
talking right and Judy and I have gone
into the castle
so now we got left here with you guys
huh you guys whatever we were in we got
this actually our house we've never
shown you disk set aside to our house
before this is our stables they're just
my friends
this is good work here yeah it's the
Blarney Stone a little bit of light
shining true you want to kiss it
probably not well we're trying to find
something put the strollers
ran here somewhere I think I said I'd
use like all others definitely like
their mind and feet in the bottom of the
castle you know so maybe there's
something else in there Oh get to the
top I don't know that's a bit much
here I'll give you I'll give you step up
I'll show ya
kisses stone because probably I just
want to view everyone wants to make out
with the stone I think it is poisons
garden unites each touch Smith you want
to go in there you want to eat something
huh you hit a salad do you want some
Texas Barak I'm afraid you can take my
hands out of my pockets get this place
danger Garden
induce labor yeah oil oh my God look
right side wait yea it's related to
racing oh my god it's so dangerous that
really bad taste it Oh to induce labor
yes maybe it's so bad for you like yeah
if we're she's a baby when they're like
come on friend what's doing wow this
goes on for models see it's really long
here's often a job I they're going to
pretend I'm walking away no it's the
what you call them the walls watchtowers
it is not I got after-dinner mint no the
stuff at the top yeah for yeah we're
going home
you see not keep the castle so far Dan
isn't it will keep you back here at all
in case it's so cool
it's like a 40-minute am cue to get off
you can actually see like you can see
the people queuing up for it so uh I
know I think we're gonna skip it I'm
gonna skip it hmm
ey a minute ago mmm oh my goodness look
how tight we aren't actually hitting the
top huh this is not fun oh my god it's
so tight
ah this thing is a monster
oh look at that parking job is the
hardest thing fart ever
it's like giant we actually we have to
organize that just for you
I mean you probably love it
who you lookin at ya trip chops now we
want you on friends yes Russell market
lane
you gonna teach Juliana had to do that
huh like Juliana watch
huh gonna get some food what do you want
what are you good what do you want
we got a baby ball
did you Nana got a carrot much yeah that
one's him it is I'm gonna I'm gonna try
to me she's getting tired my eye pretty
good
especially when some right Karen one
sound um thank you like that's not how
you feed me tomatoes look she gave one
her Tomatoes oh yeah yeah that's cute
like lot of friends we tried it with
like a month ago and she wasn't into it
yeah it was a slow process
yeah um yeah yeah what's this places it
was that Julianna was it all right
uh-huh look at this mess Oh in this like
it's been there all because he got it's
all like oh that's uh Eddie he doesn't
know how to get oh that's really sad go
in and free him he's probably looking at
like what I don't understand
oh did somebody come here to Oliver
Plunkett and rescue this poor
little pigeon you know here somehow yeah
okay I'm little guy we brought Benji of
course look who's capital to the English
market actually I don't know if we've
ever even bringing you guys to the
English market before of course they
don't come here that often it's in the
middle of the city it's so cool oh that
plan was we're going to pick up food
here for today and then cook something
tonight and then get a selection of
beers one you can get here yeah so
myself and you do you want to go to
Nando's but vain jeez all right so let's
see Benji this is what we're looking
making for dinner here that's what we're
gonna have this guy here yeah monkey a
monkey show so big innit good yeah why
is that this you know this is where all
the fish mongers are so we decided to
make a shepherd's pie is what we're
gonna make gonna have a chef inspired
you want to fish Emilia this is good I
know
it's so cute
huh it's so cute will you down there
you teaching her Irish fresh Irish
special dinner for a Beijing Judy making
a shepherd's pie Anna got heaven cakes
from the English market yeah all the
drama is stopped because yeah yeah yeah
we phased in one dog at a time mr. mee
this is gonna be tasty it's gonna be a
tasty feeling to give Benji a real Hey
Oh so Benji wanted to sample some fine
foods aren't I said Benji you gotta go
to Tesco huh you gotta go to task up my
own point huh whoo we're gonna hook up
some beers that's going to Maserati
Tesco that's it parking lot
whoo look at that best spot in a lot
wanna help me cook friend you go down we
gon give it out back
give me that bag right look we have the
meat made we've got the mashed potato
moist we have the thingy thingy
we have a crate load of beer everything
you need for an Irish meal we also have
a screaming baby any plans we got you
little shepherd's pie came out ready
with it good what do you think haven't
tasted yet so isn't easy to get easy oh
he's not
yeah yeah what do you think first Irish
shepherd's pie see oh it's like the baby
challenge the shepherd's pie challenge
baby food Johnny it's amazing so it's
just mashed potatoes on top I'm Karen oh
and a little bit almond milk in it I
love it thank you
this is delicious I just like John and
Jonathan yeah I've never tried never
decided what do you think friends
there's only n have you ever tried it
the event demeanor is finally sorted so
to meet a page right it's in the meet up
is going to be in the dandelion bar fist
rowing club it's in state stephen's
green it's like really central super
central st. stephen's green it's open to
all age groups because the the bar the
club is not actually open their opening
specifically just for us for the Meetup
the event is sponsored by el a creative
and they're pretty cool they're like a
makeup brand they're also a makeup
school here in Ireland so they're
actually going to like do giveaways and
stuff on the day and it's going pretty
cool so 2 p.m. Saturday 15 in the
dandelion bar it's official it's
happening I'm gonna leave the link to
this down below in the video this will
be the only meetup that work we're gonna
be able to do this year so you know if
you guys want to meet us and you're in
Carcassonne I know it was like oh we
just do own a cork it's like it's just
it's really difficult to organize it and
it's just that with a media and
everything you know but I'm hope to see
you guys there I hope to meet you all
you know but I had five and we take
pictures fine be so much fun seriously
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Joley
don't forget to
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
