how to break the internet but Juliana
and Amelia together oh my gosh he's like
I love your hair
yeah but I think I think Giuliana is
taller
hi so last night was a rough night
wasn't it Theodore no the true one mom
look you're so cute
but you were so old last night you were
like it's your face it's the face of an
evil demon baby me neo in town at eight
I put our bedtime forward to eight and
she slept till half past ten and I was
like okay this is the first feet
whatever she was in her room from 8:00
till 8:00 so that was a success but for
some reason that like first feet she
just she just would not go back to sleep
and she would not settle so it was a
rough night I feel like I got hardly any
sleep which I probably didn't get any
sleep reading her new thing is that she
will push herself away from the table
and then she looks at me as if to be
like I know this is wrong and she's like
she's waiting for me to get back to her
cuz I'll be like Emilia and all of her
and be like uh-uh
so what you do that you just gives you
this look like I'm gonna do this anyway
you're so funny
did you make a friend don't listen to
mommy he's freaking out
you see it oh I do see it what kind of
spider was it oh one no it's gonna water
toys it's okay just got my glass or
something see here friend I spy a friend
I spider friend yeah it happened it
happened folks that's it summer is over
it's raining someone's over oh look at
his size those raindrops as well they're
not like little raindrops or big
raindrops seriously so cold I'm walking
around in shorts
still no socks it's like interviewing
pool but am hey go check out my new car
I decided to get rid of the and imagine
you know Tyler was a bit ridiculous you
know so tired and even more space Hey oh
my goodness I have got space I've got
enough space for everybody every single
one of you guys huh
what do you think ooh the privilege club
oh oh what a beautiful summer do you
miss it
oh yeah meat is our confusion like wait
no wait a second I taught seasons I
thought someone was Sonny yeah yeah
welcome darling and you're asked six
little drink drunk gonna copy wanna copy
look we got her we got her an egg and a
free-range egg Megan a sandwich
you're acting friend one egg male see
you guys today yeah you're pretty
excited you can pretty excited about
this
fortunately mom hasn't the ability to
open ah we got it yeah yum-yum-yum-yum
yum-yum-yum
oh we got a winner yum-yum-yum-yum
yum-yum-yum
pepper spray more interested in dis now
ooh ooh huh
Nana she's had her nails painted style
me up ah George he's always gets
neglected poor George
what this
little hair bun oh you like this this
all your donkey oh you get a little
hammer
we want to grab something a little hand
there and he's decided that she's going
to become a faker take Baker that's nice
is enough it's that white thing ah what
what hmm this is I think is a much
better idea because like there's a
bouquet flowers all right Jen lovely
right there so long this is a great idea
but it won't oxygenate the atmosphere
for us you know there'll be no
photosynthesis going on in our house you
know you know that just it's a little
help because I know the science exam
Erika's dinner science exam anything on
Friday okay how does that happen there's
that they're supposed to fake I know I
left there they pop it look like puppets
yeah they're not pretty room I bet you
can probably get good ones maybe they're
just this isn't a good selection or some
just if okay do you want the roses
bouquet it just looks like a wedding but
it doesn't matter you guys think real or
fake leave comments that's that's
today's topic we were fake plants
flowers not plants fake ones much in
your card was filled of fake plants and
fake grass this is so nice this hood is
for fashion not for function it's not
very good oh okay we're here okay we
made a friend
no paper hmm hey that's amazing looks to
sit on walking away sorry hey buddy huh
Mina is that fun yeah until until in
tenten tenten tenten tenten mm-hmm so
cute dajin huh
do you love it it's so cute thank you
love it
he's your friend it's so cute it should
get you suck yeah yeah get yourself in
yuck what's your end oh yeah yeah could
you suck
he said if you can crawl he can have the
bear for free we'll have you ever no
need yeah that's the trick if your baby
can crawl you're going the wrong way
you're not gonna get the bear oh oh you
guys wrap newbies please mister Bava
Chris baby movies right hi no movies I
almost feel bad taking this apart cuz
it's so pretty look so beautiful
hi hi guys I am this is for you for
watching my videos every day
there you go does it feel like you know
it's like such it this is a nice bouquet
bouquet right look at this fancy little
thing is it's like a little spaceship
let's fill this up he's making all the
racket who's making all the racket in
here is it you Canella pretty close huh
you're making quite the racket can I
have that
my name is sock no you're great the
racket friend yeah
jingle bell jingle bell Jingle Bell Rock
jingle bell jingle bell Jingle Bell Rock
look at this little play area oh
goodness I made almost a stick man in
the gumbo I can fall asleep right now
could you fall asleep right now yeah oh
yeah fo-shizzle my friend we got a two
hours sleep or something last night with
your little game playing so tonight's
trick is not to let her go and sleep
which we're all suffering for we're
going to we're gonna keep you awake all
right and you were gonna sleep the whole
night
true you ready for this you ready for
this it's fish cakes whoo we look pretty
hot actually let's just move the fish
cakes away you move the fish cakes away
all right and so it cooling out of it
it's like a cool writer and then you get
alyc all right all right another one
why you poor little baby you poor baby
hmm want some hey Johnson fish getting
out of here a week after you had your
little soon there like you're a
little micro naps oh okay you hungry
after you might go nap good girl
no nom-nom-nom-nom fish cake
well good job oh my goodness what
horrible weather this is indeed just
coming up to the airport now
Oh Cork Airport cork I record is
actually like tiny small and their
flight is in 35 minutes pound seven and
it is about that time right now so you
actually see the plane coming in or you
may actually see nothing because it's
just missed it is I'm mystified by this
mystify all right all right all right
all right all right
short-term car park Oh God Oh
all right so just going back to the car
wait what this summit oh is this the
wrong car honey
no no this the wrong vlog that guy's
wrong vlog wrong blog Oh No snap oh you
uploaded to the wrong channel
oh yeah this is her this is how to break
the internet but Juliana and Amelia
together oh my gosh he's like I love
your hair yeah but I think I think
Giuliana is taller
okay tall she is thank you I've had
older so you're friends with him yeah do
you look like what is that sound but
she's so
curious about every sound every year
sound what's up friend my friend Amelia
what's that
quit it - and solli-tangen oh yeah how
do you like it huh you should have like
a backwards forward race you can go
backwards you go forwards huh he's gonna
win thank you you don't eat my camera
don't eat my camera don't don't you
don't do it yeah yeah the camera eater
oh boy get her get her she's so gentle
so reach pretty right Rob no wait a few
days now somebody get her in a headlock
her choice
give me a choice man yeah oh is it hooks
hugs hugs hugs hugs
what what oh my god wine is fine she
does dogs crawling all over you like no
no let me tell you let me tell you oh it
is so cute oh hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
