if we lived in a Disney movie I would
like that so I would say my front side
so she's got for a whole night I think
she woke up like I think was about like
half five or something she woke up and
then add up on her back to sleep and as
she stayed in here she slept for a whole
night yeah hey hey hey she'll sleep all
night in there huh teach you such a big
girl now huh
such a big girl huh see me easy knees
hey Brenda I'm so proud of you
I'm so proud of you hmm his mommy's
breakfast yeah let's sort you out with
some I just got a chatter just go read
the manifesto I think this one's empty
I'll have to break out the little guy
and then some organic organic organic
milk wait
and what would you like would you like
some banana or try some mango you know
what mango is gonna take about 10 years
to prepare so I'm gonna give you a
banana banana banana come on Ella okay
we'll give you a little bone another
first start here right hook you up with
some Cheerios and then we'll have a hula
over time whenever honey you wanna have
a holy are you friends with Julie are
you friends you Julia Shh yeah you can
have a Julio Julie who Liana ha jung-woo
I always get this wrong I never know how
much you look today
you're trying just basically to soak up
all the stuff but mostly what's gonna
end up on the table anyway so the trick
is to get her to drink the milk by
absorbing into the cereal so therefore
she gets her milk now what do you reckon
you think you could just like dip it no
way can you just like dip your hand in
and take what I wanted everyone nice
moves huh look at you sleeping in your
own bedroom
eating your breakfast from a bowl like
such a grown-up it happened it happened
it just happened huh
you said your pretty girl you're such a
pretty girl you're such a pretty girl
hey being yeah I do peace but uh
everyone here
I'm jealous food I am full of foot and
fiber fresh I was just reading the
comments right look at this I'm
wondering of Java speed on the state
Today Show psychic even cry for to a
fixed maybe I did make a mess when you
go to cause the stress and you're going
to make mommy insane yeah she will do
freakin crazy and you go crazy intro
drive me or my brain what you like for
the to go crazy would you like to drive
Mama's learn then keep doing what you're
doing because you make a mess
if we lived in a Disney movie I would
say media went down on half-past ten
last night until half-past twelve which
was really good that was two hours and
then um and that was kind of her first
like nighttime asleep in there like
she's been there for for like you know
naps during the day she did it for two
hours and then by half-past twelve that
was kind of on we were going to bed
anyways so I fed her um
I change her nappy and then I put it
back down so she's up 1 a.m. about 1
a.m. to like half past 5 which is
amazing it's like what four and a half
hours or something well yeah I think so
I can't do much and then um she woke up
and then at like 6:00 she went back down
again and I was like oh please she'll
sleep for like one to two hours but the
thing is I was awake at 6 I didn't want
to like make breakfast and stuff because
I was kind of too early I felt like so I
didn't and I couldn't get back to sleep
for ages but then eventually I did and
then I ended up sleeping on to like 12
because Jonathan didn't wake me she was
like oh you were up all night cuz I
kinda was even if like she went to sleep
I'd still like stay up you know because
I was kind of punches as well that she
was gone and it was all new and
everything and I missed her as well look
I'll be the first minute I miss her so
much when she's not in our bed but I
know it's better if she's if she gets
used to her own bed but I do miss her a
lot shampoo and conditioner carzy
conditioner deep
next oh no I thought it was gonna be
simple oh great it's not only is tio
destroying the bamboo but the ANCA has
come along to give him a humping you
gonna hump TOS he rooms a bamboo mama
credible credible Deena's one of those
dogs trip all right let's go wash your
car keep the neighbors a saucy show oh I
get the sponges you German I think that
Jessica Simpson did what was that part
of George even watch the car Dukes of
Hazzard I think Eliza ridges like
Washington I'd be like sponging down my
body and ha so does it would be so sexy
I'm gonna look at NAVAIR she's like
there's a quiz he can we do the boys
again
he said push you get in there cuz it was
gonna be oh yeah you need brushed out
brush to me out today no I said I would
hmm
someone she told you drawable Shh it's
something nice another win like in a
really super sunny day to like have the
water and wash the car I feel like I
want a copy but it's too hot but I don't
really know how to make an iced coffee
is it just coffee it is like I don't
know but then how do you make it taste
nice like that sounds disgusting the
coffee and Iceland ice cream I'm not
worried I don't know actually yeah and I
forgot oh would be really nice right now
Jonathan was like I cleaned up
afterwards and then there's like tons of
little things that he doesn't do like he
doesn't clean off her chair or he
doesn't like you know it's like I'm and
some like these details that he misses
and I'm like he's like it's clean what
are you talking about I'm like what's
not yes
but anyways I love it because you let me
sleep this morning since she's supposed
to add two capfuls to 20 gallons or
something while I see no idea how much
that is I'm just gonna like pop in that
much whoa
it's really weird-looking here's my
coffee but I'm like I boil the kettle
and everything then that's just like a
normal happy and it's way too hot but
but oh I might just give in and have one
when are you doing whoa whoa oh and I
wanted to eat the height this morning I
completely forgot I should have had that
instead of porridge this morning like
three quarters of an hour ago right done
with this car my love to dis car yes sir
cobwebs galore and it's pretty dirty and
I could definitely use some attention
oh wow look what was made for me by my
lovely wife like in my job doesn't
matter it's summertime
so although apparently someone I was
supposed to end on Tuesday Ireland so
for CH that's the end of summer so we
got we all got to enjoy it before it
ends I am going to add some chicken Ian
in here because chicon Ian is needed
what have you got here looks really good
good
and here's my edit I had a chicken and
sprinkled with parmesan Ian that's my
edited version of the salad yeah that's
quite cool I think that's gonna go in
her room
what do you think do you like your new
boxes I'll show you now in just a second
they just picture is like something all
right I want to show you your nude boxes
are you gonna put all your toys
and look what we could do now we just
stop this for a second okay there do it
with the toys in oh wow
huh put all your toys in and then you
can take them all out cuz that's what
you love to do now so if we just keep
mats in here
mania look well this is gonna be so fun
it's just gonna take you all day all day
all day long
satyrs going well look at this look at
this little gang Oh always here too
everyone's here huh
these are awesome she can't knock them
over yeah you look like you're at work
or something you're sitting at a desk
Hey yeah look at his little gang here
huh thing is it again
Berber Karina I don't want you hello
Peppa benefit benefit of pimping make my
foot
lick my foot you make my foot make my
foot
ah ha ha I like my foot definitely a
Domino's Pizza kind of day it's just so
sunny and hot and it's just like I do
some periods in the freezer and I was
like a cool em down I'm gonna choke them
back oh she is look I want twisted Oh
balls I don't know one twisted your
balls I think there's a conspiracy this
is an especial Florentine or somewhere
jofi Oh lads
look at that look at that huh which one
you want Amelia any changes there's no
way it leaks true their nappy like 65
million layers of fabric what I think is
in a nappy sometimes I wish I could wear
a nappy so much easier
if you could change me for a change if
you thought there's nothing to see there
folks good idea I was clever I was
clever
I was Oh blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
egg on your face
oh you're like a yogurt snap snap would
you like a yogurt friend here we go
here we go
oh yeah hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
