so today is supposed to be like the
hottest day I think this week oh my god
anyways um because it's supposed to get
up to 19 degrees today so I really hope
that happens but it is shorts weather
now don't judge me okay these shorts are
not really they're kind of weird in this
outfit but I'm wearing like those boy
shorts those boy shorts you know the
ones that like um oh you know the kind
of ones that come to the knee they're
not the most flattering in the world but
I couldn't find any other like any short
shorts that like they're all Navy and
I'm wearing black so um yeah and then
what I did was I had put on skinny jeans
and I had tanned before hand as well so
my tan went all weird cuz you know the
way wouldn't put on skinny jeans like
right after and it gets in all the
creases and stuff so my tan on my legs
is kind of funky so I'm not gonna wear
shorts outside that house but just for
around the house I think it's okay are
you feeding puppies I see you I left the
room for one second and you were
crouched down over there feeding puppies
are you feeding Opie's you fees no fees
Tommy now Bianca was she feeling you I
would never breathe alert however says I
would never give you
Jamelia baby that's my baby friend hello
hi Nevaeh hi there's Albee I'm looking
for healthy I'll piss ignoring me again
don't fit up and he'll always know she
does I can pest movie was so cute she's
such a little princess she reminds me of
like Albee in every well except was that
alby's um barking it because of his eyes
oh crap so film-based you see mommy
there and they were like um
we noticed it is like almost 500 people
talking about gone which you know I
assume that that means there's only
gonna be like maybe even if like 200
people turn off that's quite a lot of
people you know and I was like oh my
goodness like how many people are
actually going to this I'm like oh no
now I don't have a venue again oh no oh
I need to get a hotel she's like oh
maybe she tried to go hotel or something
I'm like oh my god what am I supposed to
do like all right - yeah hi you having a
treaty time yeah so I was onto a sec so
I have two venues on the on the hook two
venues I was lying - what no two venues
so I was on to a snake strike
I was out to two venues no you said
something it sounded like I was on to a
sex I was like what what are you talking
about no what are you talking about it
don't think put your head out of the
gutter
no I did not say that okay anyway
oh that rewind so I was onto a sex why
have two venues on yeah on the hook
absolutely sick in a doobie
so I was on to another two venues and
let's hope one of them can come true for
us oh my goodness is dressed up at all
the stress of it all you ready for the
third dimension all over the whole your
your your agnya geek jihad is your B
cheek another thing she takes out
glasses it's so funny she knows how to
take them off properly be be killed Oh
baby Q day I'm gonna be naked today
Gaddafi's going thank you and don't tell
them it's way too early
it is so super hot I went out wouldn't
even wearing socks look at that huh
what's it oh yeah it's a temperature 24
so we on my phone isn't always a 1624 oh
my goodness that is that is just gonna
be raining no way that's it this is it
like this the last Eagles over enjoy it
one unless it's gonna be over soon
whoa brick church it's funny cuz all the
people in Ireland see this guy but like
the convertible cuz we're not a
convertible country like last people
have convertibles but there's like one
or two days a year for this last week
it's been so epic it's like everyone
wear convertibles like ha told yourself
cuz we're all like well I like over the
sunroof and all but like look mind if
the whole roof was off right now
although I don't know I don't know how
that would be with Amelia I know I would
butchy or your hair yeah you have to
order those Bona things so if you're
like in Bridget Jones remorse you didn't
have one it's got the hotel glad they
even come that never actually happens
you or if you aren't actually Bridget
Jones or if you know someone called
Bridget or Jones
or so when I begin to change
oh my god so look what one of you guys
made for us
isn't that amazing I put it under Oh
what is that
it's your new little ornament for your
cutter oh I know how much you love
ornaments I I do love more but she made
it
that is so cool she actually went to the
trouble of like taking all these picture
or well not taking the pictures but like
printing wall laminating them
it's from Magdalena from Austria
Magdalena yeah thank you so much that is
so cute oh we can do that we can put on
a Christmas tree
yeah but you could put it at the window
for like no I don't think one of those
dream catchers yeah I think it looks
good in your car no I think yeah yeah
Beckett Jonathan doesn't like doing
anything in his car low even like an air
freshener put up a puppet of Bubba put
up a puppet of butter huh what's up
Brent
look at all this mail you got Emilio
Emilio mail Oh Mickey Mouse
she's an onion rice corn snacks oh not
for adults so I think the puppy things
she for a medium
oh really Oh kitty is that I saw
businessing most business business
business can't email me little thing
hang in there doesn't that look
hilarious
my goodness you're having a feast look
at this little thing huh you put all the
fun snacks there she goes the tomatoes
and the cucumber your epic friend huh
maybe two little mutts they are muscles
whoa they are muscles debut their
muscles
she's implicitly she's like Popeye media
the Sailor man who lives in caravan dr.
pepper what are you doing hey
you doing you trying to get away you try
to get away you trying to get away oh oh
what are you doing you're escaping are
you escaping because you think you're
supposed to be on the map friend I think
you're supposed to be on the mat oh you
moving the chair no give it back
can we have bike give me that bike ha ha
ha
you're obsessed who's your friends whoo
you just hanging out hanging out with
the gang you thinking hmm hey Amelia
yeah mrs. the Theodore this is Cena's a
new layer
Nevaeh heist movies there's nobodies
Thank You Maurice it's a second coffee
kind of day what what it's my second
coffee cup
it's definitely exactly coffee time
today this we may actually have we may
actually have a sponsor for the entire
event and um looks like they might
actually get the venue sort everything
out doing a huge giveaway on the day for
you guys
do you like free stuff put your hand up
if you like free stuff because my hand
is firmly in the air because I like free
stuff as well yeah it's it's a makeup
brand um so more information will
probably be come at the end of this vlog
but at the moment I'm trying to advance
branding itself so we can get like we're
just need niggling at the details but
this looks good this looks good for you
guys this looks really good it'll be
like really well staffed it's in a
really good location it's still in a
city centre managed really well this is
looking really good this is looking like
like you know we're ages ago when I said
to you when bad things
happen bad things happen in order for
you to be put onto the right track
because I was on the wrong track
I was in the wrong direction I was kind
of I was seemingly happy what we were
doing you know I wasn't wanted to
present happy it's kind of like oh look
I'll just go do down you know I mean now
I am very happy look at Bianca taking
full advantage of them mad head side Oh
Lubyanka Dresner probably whoa whoa
we're super zoomed in here whoa
it's really hard to move this thing
around but wrestlers are sitting in a
grass patchy like a - like sunbathing
dog more ha diddly friendly helmet and
for to this moment
UIC wise there's a bit of a debate down
calm
I ain't got one bar b qm b PQ what
happens in charcoal hmm
just chew us you know if you actually am
burn that hot enough it'll turn it to
diamonds I saw that in Superman for
wasn't it where you like got the cold
and turned into a diamond
did you never tried that she tried that
sometime this is nearly ready look it's
getting all red this is Amelia's first
barbecue you first barbecue huh yeah
there's get your sandals on whoa
Norma what's normal mode
go pop pop
oh you're too funny hey what happened to
your at what I'm doing planter
I want young Oh No cheese what's the
mean one of the dogs huh yeah and that
day we have like the smallest dog I know
let's give it a check whoo Hey look
delish
they look delicious this is all the
precooked chicken and sauces and chicken
and sauces I'm gonna bring her outside
and barbecued on there just said I have
the barbecue anymore hmm
I'll be Sina you go ha ha for me mad
what do you think of that huh it's
barbecue food you like a barbecue food
you make a barbecue food when we're
barbecue babies taste like you walk
across the cow mooed you enjoying your
first barbecue
you got any changes he just gonna take a
drumstick Oh Jan sir this here she had
some of these vegetables um she needs a
bone look she's gotta take a vote oh
don't drop it on her Shawn don't drop it
to the dogs
they shouldn't have chicken bones
they're brittle okay Oh yummy yummy I
was tasty that was tasty
this was more tasty than this just so
you know what oh my goodness are you
exceeding that
like a caveman yeah oh I like from
different hmm I like drumstick
hey boy she just picked up the water
herself Suzie oh my god wha where what I
can hear Oh God
what what is it
listen I have to stay with the baby
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
