you just might give it up but then I
read all your comments and you cuz I
like the clear blue one will give you a
definite answer I'm like ah I'm gonna go
back I'm going to find it clear we're
writing today and we are going to get to
the bottom of this young lady
I'm actually going back up to the place
or the guys to do the because is
too much like anything above 3000 rpm is
fine right but when I start just when I
start this car up it's designed to have
for like you know it just does that it's
outside damn what one guy doesn't the
2000 or p.m. like it is just it's too
much like I find myself not driving I
last night I actually took Anna's car
out because I was like oh my god I can't
drive this at night like me and
sometimes am I used to go meet like my
army people and stuff by that you know
and I find it's like it's too hard like
I just I just can't I can't take it
means I'm like alright hold on a second
I rang you man pretty dismal I was like
no you gonna smile for picture thing in
this way picture yeah yeah look at those
pants they got so stained from
strawberries and I it came out like
bleached almost the stains did it's
really annoying
cuz those are really cute pens what are
you doing no whoa I think you got some
milk or something in your hair you're a
funny bunny yo those we were asking
about this like I show this in a lot I
was talking like this in the last video
the add Maserati doesn't actually um
well it's it's a double clutch so this
is the gear stick I know right it's
insane and this is how you change gears
here and it's like a completely drifting
different kind of driving situation you
know like you have to double them
together to get neutral and to move up
the gears and then their different
settings and the gears and it's just
ports mode the autumn I like the manual
sports motors so me the book you have to
actually go to college for two years and
do a higher national run just to drive
this car
well it's worth it you just needed to
make it just a little bit quieter
alright just inky Navy you order now
just little munchkin Endora
walk down the stairs because we are over
and on his mom's head
oh we had them in the garden she
couldn't get down the stairs and she
eventually figured I'd had to get down
the stairs so when she came home she
learned how to get up and down the
stairs right let's go that's gonna take
the girly car
Rinda mommy mobile that's we're going
antenna mommy mommy Oh even though mommy
daughters won't probably never be in
this car because by the time Ana
actually gets confident enough to drive
where she's driving on her own when
Amelia will probably ship this car off
and get something a bit safer this is
like to learn to drive car me coffee in
Tesco from the corner of my eyes then it
was Thursday and the market is on man
stares which means I can fight and get
court coffee roastery coffee which is
the best coffee but you can only get it
while you can never get it in their body
CD which is almost at Middleton or you
can get it here in the farmers market
which is only open for like four or five
hours on a Thursday which is really hard
to get but I'm here coincidentally so I
decided I'm gonna go to the farmers
market I got to get my farmers boots on
I'm a farmer's hat and some farmers
drawing me like hi
yeah I like from your fresh coffee Shh
sweet sweet chocolate coffee
did you have a daddy
yep you did you did you didn't nap in
your crib
well you did this morning so you're okay
here okay would you stop scratching me
Bianca hello little baby bananas
negative him just looking to see if
there are a Oh dad it's your foot
peeking through the cover oh oh you know
oh if you don't like here with voice
this is the farmers market let's scooch
up to it for a gram
hello hello Bianca Navy
hello how are you doing it's just
smelling your coffee yeah me porridge
that's lovely
yeah will you have breakfast well I
would have some dead food there's some
death did you see the Biko Biko friendly
I mean eco-friendly yeah yeah they're
good for kids to plan for today Bianca
what I'm going to try and encourage me
that to bring me for a walk
oh that's a that's a tough one she's
amazing
did you hear about the barbecue I did
that's tomorrow it all day how do you
feel about that you had your turn last
time I was just wondering if I could
change the rules slightly yeah I could
be involved in the next group because
it's not farad I went to sample some of
the barbecue yeah he's up next
ibn Sina oh no it's not fair
right so we have the exhaust I mean
redone and it's a lot more tame so
hopefully I don't get evicted awesome
you guys ever want stuff done
come here car fees you get free coke
yeah I can't you just take a can we
gotta go for in four towns there someone
did well the car after the drive home
and Tunnel time is perfect it's still
loud like it should be but it's not
obnoxiously loud it's not gonna wake the
neighbors when I turned the car over and
went out you know it's it still it
sounds good but it's like we did is that
he installed mufflers inside the pipe so
just like tins out the son of sounds and
still sound on the car but not just you
didn't have any fan but it's good it's
good I can I can drive in and out if I
want to you know you can drive it
quietly if you want to click a button
and it goes loud it goes low
this huh it's my it's like my work at
one like when I don't have time to go
through the gym and stuff I use and I
just do some conditioning work and he
used this mat here for some floor work
but I am here just thinking I was like
oh I bring it why don't you put this
down because look it's mass of it like
covers like almost a entire floor just
like him
it's like squishy huh it's squishy so
you can do your gymnastics I like your
deal actually you've got perfect what
look at the way your foot feet are
pointed that's pretty good
we just need to tie get some chalk in
here teach you some round-offs so I am
heading down cuz I'm going to get we
read all your comments right the video
just my life it's like seven o'clock and
I was flicking through the comments and
I was like oh my god that happened to be
as well I had the low the nurses prank
to test by Q company called clear blue
or it's called clear blue but it's
supposed to be like digital and amazing
and any trace of MGS or hey I keep
thinking msg way he's doing what are you
even saying huh
so I waiting for daddy to come home and
we're gonna do the weekly shop because I
keep saying and telling people that
we're doing it and then I keep
forgetting to do it and every day that
goes by we have an emptier and emptier
fridge I need to do it right now
look at that cutie pie the picture I
took over today we doing on Facebook
okay
other than and you have a pregnancy test
it with noisy much going over there so
there's a twenty well a late like
pharmacy over in the village over here
so I'm gonna pop in and see if I can
pick up if it's late now pharmacy they
should have some like pretty high-tech
pregnancy test I think I'll just buy
like the most expensive pregnancy test
known to man and that should definitely
give us more of a definitive answer
hopefully hopefully oh crap it's closed
Ana's on the phone it's closed hi I am
on the phone and on the Nokia's ck7
w-what peekaboo okay nippy one last stop
I'll check the petrol station and see if
they have anything there okay thank you
love you bye
place
oh I just read more your comments I hate
my friend you know I just like given up
and we come home this is what I bought
by doing you just met give it up but
then I read all your comments and you
cuz I like the clear blue one will give
you a definite answer I'm like ah I'm
gonna go again I'm going to find a clear
blue banging to death and we are gonna
get to the bottom of this young lady we
are getting to the bottom of this one
many of you are that's what happened
last time I prefer if you didn't do it
again we'll just can't see anything you
can see me so then so last right there's
a pharmacy up here well it's kind of
outside it's our last chance I draw is
there some conspiracy like sold out
everywhere what I'm just I can't give up
now because I read all your comments it
was like ah the clear blue one is the
best one it's what everyone uses I'm
like
okay
okay I'll show house there I was like
okay what is the best test you know I
mean you could possibly get you know I
was like I got one-and-a-half or when
Ana faded turn about lying right so
Israel when we use pharmacy Oh open late
so if you guys ever want to go to 9
o'clock nice job Douglas Village
Shopping Center alright so right away
these were a million billion euros no
joke no joke jokes alright so we bought
this one here which is so sensitive test
early um he was like I was like already
thin lines when he's like this is a
really really good one as accurate as
your doctors test and then this is the
digital one this is like it'll tell you
how long you're pregnant and it'll give
you a definitive answer
good luck and Godspeed good luck what if
after all of this I know we can do any
wait to celebrate it's flashing
let's flash in it's still flashing and
says it takes three minutes so there
could be three minutes of flashing going
on here
we're all gonna find out together
oh no it could be wrong
take it out oh sorry yeah you're gonna
be lonely only and only lonely huh you
never know it still might be too early
well I'll try again next week hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
