and it's gonna create you look at this
first thing and you're like negative but
then right in certain life in certain
ways and shadow there's a really faint
line
there's no coffee I'm so sad I feel like
some kind of an addict that's like going
through withdrawals oh my god what the
hell is that oh oh oh my god that's sick
huh okay no no no he'll don't go over to
it so I feel like you need coffee but um
yeah we're going out later Sophie I'll
get some I choked we just did a workout
um I think somebody I think somebody
asked did he stop going to the gym he's
doing really well so he hasn't actually
given up I just wanted to say that
because I saw somebody said that he had
given up and I was like you know what I
need to defend my hubby because he's
like the best at he'll stick with
something and he'll make it happen like
with the day vlog he decided to make a
video every single day and look what
it's turned into and I just think that's
amazing so I just wanted to say that
okay so today is the fifth um
the fifth of June six years ago was when
we made the music video so that's what
he has in his head and then the third of
June was actually when we technically
like got together like made it we became
an item um we never said that but um so
yeah it was two days before the music
video but because the music video was v
he always sticks at the v so it doesn't
actually really matter but um yeah so we
can't believe six years we've been
together like romantically together
because we were friends before but that
doesn't care um so that's amazing six
years I actually can't believe it
where's my Nikki baby Oh golly what guys
this is where it is yeah what what hi oh
my god just your sound mind prettier
than you I was a boy won anyway don't
listen to her listen this is extremely
gotta meet up set up okay so here like
it didn't fit on base this is the link
that I'm gonna put all the information
it's exactly where it was last year in
Dublin and you know what's amazing I
just figured out that the meetup is on
our three-year anniversary of vlogging
is on the same day as the Meetup so
someone better bring a cake okay I'm
expecting a cake I'm expecting it to be
three candles I don't want you to sing
happy birthday okay
but anyway film by the exact place we
did it in Dublin last year anyway
Saturday 15 super excited to meet you
I need my cake so guys right up here on
the right hand side is Long Island
cocktail bar
that's where we met six years ago I ran
today
all the music video music videos today
that's when we finally paddle shifting
problems music videos we finally got
together that was today six years ago it
has actually 19 degrees in Ireland right
now and it is 21 degrees in Naples right
now which means is almost same heat
right now if it isn't a place is it not
mental training degrees for me is like
optimal is it is how you function back
to 20 degree weather
I don't know I just to me is like
borderline too hot wrong what do you
think friend what do you think huh
you're not too hard on you so leave
comments below what is your optimal
temperature I would say mine is if this
is 19 I would say optimal is it without
me not optimal
Optimus Prime since the door and a few
managers but anyway I didn't like 16
this is like 19 that I'm like this is
borderline too much for me seriously it
is hold on to a friend
hey-oh she keeps running my mantra
this one please
Sammy please he's a little sweeter
slider okay are you ready ready 1 2 2 3
ready 1 2 3 human nervous she's so
confused
hey is this making you see second Mina
is just a little bit too small you're
just a little bitty small friend she
liked the swing and then you're kind of
putting around the stuff but she's just
not really getting out of it in that
cool the way to church that's the church
went through christian view today wasn't
it cool the way it kind of pops up over
the sort of trees it's really pretty
lucky but maybe when you're a little bit
taller a little bit a little longer even
yeah maybe that's one right though maybe
there's gonna be some nap time you know
I'm talking about crib nap time that's
all the rage these days twice I know I
know it's me like it's all the rage
these days
napping in your crib i I not in my crib
like how she should do an episode of MTV
Cribs
you made a dog it said it was like was a
chihuahua and Bijan mix but it look like
the maquis is it was like basically a
brand Maltese ah that's essentially look
why come on
The Hangover baby later cox-2 come off
we have to take them off slowly right be
like this case is solved
Wow doesn't it Dan mmm
nice little coffee cos he ran out of
coffee there's no coffee at home oh my
god I was just asking my coffee
oh we're getting a delivery tomorrow
morning tomorrow morning yeah
boom can I hit these dumb okay you hold
on to them actually they were kind of
cooling Oh special I mean yeah platter
mmm-hmm look at that huh would you just
look at it did mom mom said she's taking
a picture oh oh you're gonna be in
trouble
don't eat the props before the pictures
are taken yeah you see us how did you
see this so quickly you can never sneak
up on you huh can never sneak up on you
did you - low over the floor or did you
pee there today's today when she's
allowed on the floor the most thickest
today today were cleaner come she's gone
but you can see licking the floor like a
shiny shiny shiny floor Xena Xena
Jacinta yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy
don't you didn't you tell me you
want to put that new tummy do you have
it
and you wonder why your mommy's done for
sale 10% discount if you take a barky
one instance in a meeting
part of this mercy show me show me the
reason Wow what what what's all the bark
in the bash look at the little munchkin
who the little drinker
look at this all down here oh I love it
I love is their little tongues goat
cheese oh my god Sina she's really like
the expert she's the expertise will be
white he's will be super clean in a few
minute there's just corner from her feet
your hat there's new you thirsty I just
tweeted this so I'm not actually joking
um I'm like eight days eight days
overdue
oh but last week or a few days ago I
took a test cuz I was like overdue you
know and it was negative so then I was
like either it's too early or this is
just normal carry on when breastfeeding
because I think for like the first year
of like postpartum your body is just
like way out of whack and it's just kind
of trying to get used to things again
plus I'm breastfeeding so I don't fully
understand what's going on I was so
happy last month when I got my period
well for like initially I was and then I
was like I hate this this is terrible
but you know yeah here we don't know
what you're talking about but I was so
happy cuz I was like yay that means
everything's back to normal but then
this month came around and there's
nothing and there's I don't think I'm
pregnant
except I have been really tired lately
like super super tired but then I'm like
is that just exhaustion from having a
baby you know like from looking after
your meeting and waking up at night and
stuff so it could be either of those
things but I don't really know so I just
asked people's like how how many days
overdue do you have to be because I keep
googling things and getting different
answers it's like half a week
rikichi has well no three yeah they're
expensive not the ones you go haha
you cut like the cheapo and yeah yeah
because we bought a cheaper one fnatic
video was pregnant our famous Rick yeah
right cuz it was like the 2013 euro ones
and we bought like a twin gyro Tesco
special so I'm like hey even one year
one gives you a positive then why buy an
expensive one
yes oh I have one left I don't know and
I hate getting negatives yeah I don't
want to take another test that's why
that's why I don't play the lotto
because I'm not gonna win so why would I
do that to myself cuz every time you why
I don't take it right you plan in your
head
I know how I'm gonna spend you you plan
your yeah millions you know the new and
then you're sitting in the numbers come
in you're like but what no wait I plans
so I'm like I don't know maybe she just
not yeah sometime just like go up and
take a test it I'll be like you know
what my friend you Jim you get through
the race why - guys we'd the baby name
book go like yeah did I thinking about
it and then it's like negative and
you're like what I just don't like it
so I want to be sure you know I want to
know I'm pregnant before I take the test
well I do cuz last time I kind of knew
man is a psycho and it's gonna create
you look at this first thing and you're
like negative but then right in certain
life in certain and shadow
there's a really faint line maybe I'm
making this up and I just I really want
a positive ID on today I do you need 20
milligrams but there's something all
these tests and Jesus of his I think I
might be like maybe like a week pregnant
that was the cheapest like I was like a
50 cent s so come on we're going to get
the clear blue one article I want to
forgive it's in Tesco it's in Tesco we
really expensive job in its 10 euros
that gonna tell what that one not happy
with that one no cuz the other one tells
you come on please but then see here it
looks in artificial light it's like no
there's exactly I think you're crazy
no I think we should wait here if you
know Jonathan I'm not waiting another
few days I can't like what are you
talking about your line no one so
you don't see anything at all come on
God hold it up hold it up in the natural
light just think why you have to hold it
up okay I can see some something there's
something yeah it wouldn't it that
wouldn't happen if it was a negative
that I can't see like when I look at I
go no there's nothing there yeah but
there if I turn this is right at the
right angle now the right is not is the
right angle it does something there I
don't I don't know you can see it on
camera yeah washer so you can look I'm
not joking look you can see something
but like if I could drive like I would
do it this is really unfair I'm texting
my friend hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
haha
