we did have a little incident because
she's gotten bigger now she can actually
crawl off the bed and so she fell out of
the bed and she thought onto a cushion
so she was okay but it was scary
good morning what look a beautiful it is
look at it look at just take it all in
just a look at it would you look at it
Oh would you look at that check out my
weird ten that was rough this morning
here's both one are you're supposed to
but it's better if you play that time at
nighttime because then it like has a
chance to sink in it's okay it's just
not the best job I've ever done because
it was like rushed but if you pie it in
the morning then you're more likely to
get like clothing marks and stuff like
that so thought it was a dog hanging on
to it so Mia is having her breakfast
we took the Reg off the back of the car
there so he can we can give it I'm not
writing showing you the car flew but I'm
gonna rev it now so we can get it before
and after this might be a bit taller at
a camera angle might go straight
mmm how do I take my shower
without a maniac falling out of the bed
because we didn't have a little incident
because she's gotten bigger and now she
can actually crawl off the bed and then
just as well I put cushions well
actually tiny Joffrey does he puts
cushions around the floor like to pad it
so she fell out of the bed and she fell
onto a cushion so she was okay but it
was scary and before she wasn't as
mobile and that's what happens is that
she just like she grew and she's gotten
more mobile and I just kind of didn't
realize so that was Airy I don't want
that to happen again pretty much getting
too big for her co-sleeper as well
because you're not really supposed to
put a baby in that can pull themselves
up and she can't really pull herself up
by her on her own to starting position
but she's getting there so it's
dangerous so I never have her in the
co-sleeper if I'm not there so
and the thing that happened with when
she fell yesterday I was it was so
stupid I was in my cupcake room getting
a mascara
I felt so bad it was like oh my god all
this for mascara really oh the shame
hope she goes that's a feature in the
cards just press a button and it just
rises up
that's the place that got it done guys
anyway carpet it's cool go home in there
the red car oh look the red letter Oh
usually if she's still asleep fingers
crossed I can get my shower and get
ready but sometimes she isn't so today I
built a fort him in the bed and I pushed
the door open so that I could actually
because I can see her in the mirror like
from the shower which is pretty cool
unless it was a short like I wasn't
watching my hair so it was no big deal
but I think I might have to start
putting her in her crib while I do that
which kind of sucks then it's like she's
not in the same room as me anymore you
know what I mean but anyways so yeah
that's enough date of my life
so no I gotta bring the dogs to the
groomers today so I need to take Anna's
car yeah but it has a puncture put it up
and then I'm ready I'm gonna do like a
little send me one resisting this is
like our home thing I don't know what
you call it fix this up and then I'll
bring up for the garage to do the rest
of it here so is that gonna go I nearly
broke in his car when I start soap right
I put it into gear but I forgot about
the clutch cos like the poor shot was it
was fully automatic and the Maserati is
like it's a it's like paddle shifting
gears are all here and the Maserati is a
double clutch so it's a ridiculously
complicated to drive it took me like
about a week to learn how to drive it
this thing is like you know a full
manual car you know we're clutching
everything I put in security we do know
that what the hell is wrong
I was like a few minutes I realized was
like yeah I never press the clutch so we
just filmed a video for this style diet
this is the aftermath she loves taking
out my look I've got my Hotel slippers
on so I was taking our products and just
like throwing them all over the place
and then putting them back in the box
take my man but in the max so my hay
fever his captain had Camden my like one
I was watering I couldn't even fill my
video it's just like I kept sneezing it
was terrible I don't know what it is
today
it must have gotten a lot worse anyways
so I think we're gonna have lunch now
baby you gonna clean up all my lipsticks
they're fun to play with huh I need Joe
P to take pictures with my blog now I
didn't have to do it before I could've
got the dogs but I was like I don't want
to pick the dogs up just in case like
the corrections or something while I'm
driving along
cuz that kind of important to me I
suppose
I still remember today I've got this
thing and I was driving home I was like
this is a really nice car to drive the
beagles are really nice cars to drive
well just squish close the thing but
look they all have to hold back get a
car to themselves get the whole bike in
the car guys huh huh is it fun back
there so you put the seat back so you've
got like so much room huh so much room
alright let's go to their dress in your
food
I did actually spray the top of her head
because it looks like all her skin was
peeling off oh god what's that is so
beautiful mm-hmm
most of your cheese is in there friend
the cheese out of here and put a bike
here take the cheese out of here and put
it back there that's the but in here
what's that what you got
Nate you got right
are you feeling we really like you come
thanks for your cucumber you have some
yeah no one's here that you want see it
has a little groove on them so when you
put them into the wall you can just clip
on buying it up and it'll hold it in
place and that won't happen
hmm and there we go looks back to its
smashing self oh my god you can actually
see it up at the color tone I don't even
know if you can see that well because
the Sun has been at the rest of them and
not this one it was actually a shade I
can't actually see what you're I would
have you looked at the camera you can
actually see it that's crazy can you see
the radar screen like sitting out of the
Sun huh oh you've got a little something
there let me just get that ooh hello
hello Apple note hello Apple face are
you an apple device hi baby
Apple oh don't you go clean yourself up
you clean yourself up hello hello hello
hello so cute you're leaking up
lovely day levy summer day just grasping
everyone is amazing it's so clean
walking a little spot there is kissing
his ass he's one of those things in
there but I figured instead of like
cutting it out I would let nature just
kill off the grass I can't really
perfect what's that oh it's such just
all my day I'm going away sleep man
oh I gotta go pick the dogs up and of
course the dogs are ready at the exact
same time this cars ready
well the car is not ready ready but I
said Tim was like Oh give me a call at
about like half an hour or 45 minutes
before you're finished you know before
you actually put it on and so I want to
go up and actually so I can show you
guys that last little sort of part but
of course they've all crashed
whoo I'm like trying to catch the dogs
and you're everything same time is this
from them oh my goodness
well hello howdy the girlfriend yes
what's the first name oh I see low
you lover Alby right we have to take our
home obsessed you guys are so cute oh
you are did you guys you're so pretty
so back Ewing is done maybe still asleep
in her crib and I'm gonna start on this
folding this laundry that's got puppies
they smell delicious
and they're so cute it looks like what I
would add anything on it but it was all
pretty empty to fall open did you start
it like that was it sound like is it
wouldn't send it to deploy was whooping
III assume that icing that is it like
ridiculous it must be the new Maserati
this is what it looks like see the
straight pipe all the way true and the
original exhausted evacuation forgetting
the different
excitement
yeah yeah what are you doing what are
you doing they're going the wrong way
Missy it going the wrong way
come here it up now are you for this you
get excited
hold on to your hats
are you ready for this
hello after such a juvenile day I need a
good hearty tasty meal courtesy of the
vegetable patch oh yeah hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
