give little friend there yeah who's up
here with you new visas getting a nice
treat day huh yeah new visas allowed cuz
new faces a gentle girl good girl new
visa you need to be groomed a lot like
my son
what's that you guys hanging out you put
in the bowl chair
you put under Bowl chair easy hit the
hash you know with curry I need to put
this thing back up sometime in the next
few years I get around to it you singing
song right
yeah he jumped then he jumped off the
boat thief ah hey daddy doing dad doing
the media pretty girl yes your dad's
here yeah
miss Amelia good you wish you happy yeah
she's mighty
she's so cute hello feels like a soup
and bread and a day
they changed
how are ye like ever since we moved in
or ever since I put her bedroom like
that I always like right the other way
which is weird because why would you put
your your head like at the door
usually it would be the opposite but for
some reason I knew my mom was like no no
put it the other way so you can see her
head like when walking for some reason
it just to me works better the other way
and I can't even understand white
because in a normal bed room that
wouldn't work but I don't know it's
strange it's a minute um for the cold my
old slippers stop it - my little kitten
cute moves out oh yes I've given up on
the pipe eight point of calories for the
pie
Stinkum I see be ready Thank You Betty's
new kid 12 plus let's add it craving
how's that a crazy craving for schools
Hey look at this
strawberry everyone ginger rice it
tastes pretty good boy we've enough of
you you're okay is afrin in where when
you throw nap no you're not used to
waking up in there
hmm is it so bad was it so bad was it so
bad
yeah okay what all done you took a piece
of your mobiie laughs though
oh she's shy
I just can't hold your breath roll out
of that on you I know you don't like it
they say I take it off I took it off
you think you know look daddy and now
let me just put this in here make Anna's
copy with it okay okay I got okay hmm
many teeth do you actually have come as
me Hey mmm she was amazing you actually
huh it seems like you have a mouthful it
would seem like you have a mouthful of
teeth you want to put that in there so
you can see how easy do you got huh come
here
mo ah what do you want know that that is
fruit and nut
everyone's a fruit and nut case boo boo
boo boo boo boo no your little chocolate
fiend
oh oh oh did you do to grow just get in
already friend it's not for dinner hey
Jo for dinner huh reminding some babies
and children got a full house run run
for your life
well II like Amelia rap next pop okay
this all right I need to count them down
first
guys guys
and our good old friend Lloyd hello
I am back get all the lawyers back you
singing on Amelia watching iCarly
no cooking rice is always so tricky
right but I found a perfect way it's
like the perfect balance of how to
actually measure out the perfect amount
of rice and had to cook the perfect
amount of rice you just get the Uncle
Ben saying you put it in there close it
over put it on for two minutes boom
that's how it's done
huh now don't flip it over we'll see but
if that looks like it's going on the
floor it's getting flipped I think many
people at dinner whoa whole dinner huh
oh hey tada
oh yeah you can double your plate if you
want oh yeah right okay Emilio we're
being abandoned being abandoned by I
will and it's going off now with the
baby and her friends little boy they're
going back to their heads because we
don't have the equipment to bottle-feed
a baby here so she's heading back there
and I'm gonna stay here with my best
friend was a friend what's up friend
it's kind of interesting to see how
Emilia was around em because Anna's
friend's baby is four months and she's
four months younger than you so she's
like a tiny little baby
it's kinda interesting to see like what
would happen if we had a second baby you
know I'm always wondering how will the
media like cope with that or how would
you act and she's nothing like a little
standoffish but Kure she's more
interested in children and she has in
babies you know but um be kind of
interesting it was it was it was a good
test
I know you don't know I know you don't
know what I'm saying I love you so much
and maybe someday you'll look back on
this video and you're all growing up and
you don't think or stupid dad and then
you watch this video and you remember me
that loves you so much
so be nice Amelia Tirol dad if you're
watching this in the future because old
dad was once young dad well I don't know
was ever young dad I don't know if I was
ever come dad I don't know if ever I
don't know I dropped out I don't know if
I was ever hey okay may I ask what is
going on here what is going on here Oh
Oh your face your face your face up
there oh my goodness come on let me help
you up here let me help you up and hold
on hold on hold on go on come on hold on
look what I've taught Amelia to do yeah
mom's gonna be so happy
ha-ah
yeah yeah you make sure to do that when
moms are you actually seriously going to
grab this oh oh
no needs help I'm walking down to her my
slippers were walking my slippers is in
her pajamas it's good auntie momma
feelin what are you doing in this couch
what are you doing on your couch mm-hmm
nobody you're a way past your bedtime
young lady hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
