oh my goodness oh we were just getting
ready and luck Alessia has picked up the
money where it's picked up the mother
feel like how does this work I'm like
and I call them yeah which is holding
her hand I know I was going today Victor
it's on the other side unless yeah
Amelia what are you doing in an S his
bed was that meeting the whole time and
we thought it was a baby
oh no it sounded like a baby that sat in
media we thought that was unless you're
playing with a monitor oh my brother's
gonna get less yeah
when I was younger younger than I loved
our motor and things are just the same
Oh
I feel that it's thinking and putting
the photo so I think it was just like a
24-hour it situation oh my god I came in
today I'm gonna to it am I just like
sitting there I carefully goodbye yeah
yeah yeah so today is the Mother's Day
breakfast in your school so I like it
seeing this girl run today yeah mommy's
did the school run not daddy daddy's
gone back to bed now what how do you did
over there mister the king in the bed it
wire doesn't want to go to school
he's trying to convince us that he's
still sick right in media has a uniform
on come on mister you don't feel very
well yeah you wanna play that you had a
lollipop all right we're all decided to
have chakra bagels for breakfast this
morning
Amelia said we are allowed huh
Alessia is here she likes Peter Rabbit
Peter Rabbit
okay so you notice the Peter Rabbit
movie coming out
whoo I'm actually a Peter rap at Easter
egg hunt imagine Peter Rabbit was the
Easter Egg Easter Bunny
what maybe he is maybe he is nice if
he's a part-time Easter Bunny who do you
think yeah
then if she knows how to do it she
doesn't mind she's like I don't want to
sit down I don't want to sit on a seat
it's overrated yeah
it's overrated we gotta go see what's
going on here with all the doggies is
that the plan yeah the duckies Oh movies
movies no bees no kissy Kissy you do it
even you know kisses
does it give me a little kisses mrs.
mrs. kisses huh you give me mrs. kisses
you're quite right let's get them all up
before last year gets them
did you see her crawling apparently and
I see has crawled but she calls with her
leg behind she did a proper call did you
yeah I was nicking my pocket off to the
Mother's Day breakfast no study and
Alessia somewhere in there alright come
on let's go to my car I need to get a
car seat out though somewhere in here
I'm just back from the Mother's Day
breakfast that was a bit of a frazzle
just cuz basically no other idiot has
two kids in two consecutive years at
least not in my like in those two year
groups I know it's obviously being done
before I'm not the only one but I'm
saying of like this particular two year
group I'm the only one so I had to split
my time between the two of them and
Eduardo went first and he was absolutely
fine when I left he gave me a bag of
goodies so cute look at that took you
and there's cookies and stuff in there
and then I went off to see Amelia and
she had we had a great time together and
then she Britt was only 15 minutes and
then she started crying when I left and
it was really sad and like she's
generally very independent like more
independent than Eduardo but I think
she's just like really attached to me at
the moment like she she has been kind of
since I would say in the last like year
or like even half a year so probably
year she's just like real mummy's girl
and she is so attached and she just
started crying and like I could see her
little face like when I was leaving like
and she was kind of being dragged by her
teacher my teacher is amazing she was
just trying to like you know get on with
it and like snap her out of it which is
what you have to do but I could see her
little face like her little downturn lip
and it's just you feel so guilty but
then I spoke to it um Sophia's mom and
she said she was the last one to go and
she said she wasn't crying when she left
so I'm sure it's fine but um she gave me
this gorgeous a little picture with some
little flowers on and it's got a problem
at the back and then it was so cute they
have drawn like portrait of their
mummies and it was just so interesting
to see
how they portray you or like how they
think of you should really was like good
thing on the brow hero for benefit then
because she clearly got that in it was
actually really funny brown eyes blonde
hair and like a green spotty top blue
leggings she said it and big black boots
I was like that's actually quite I would
say that's quite um accurate you know
like she got everything everything right
and red lipstick because she said that
she knows that I wear pink pink lipstick
only but that um red is a more normal
color so because she wanted to stand out
but anyway so I'm on my way home now I'm
gonna go on my way home now and I'm
hoping it where it was okay he he was
saying he wanted to come home with me
but he's absolutely fine I don't think
there's anything wrong with him and um I
don't think say anything wrong with him
and I don't think there's any reason why
he shouldn't stay at school so I'm gonna
head home now and then we have to go
into London from her ultrasound I just
feel like I'm spreading myself thin
across these four children I mean I know
it's not even four technically yeah like
you know that's just how I feel right
now
as
basically that's how I do my
it
I was upset
oh my goodness Anna my friend you're
perfect next car look at the color of us
it's like a big huge Bentley but it's
like blue chrome oh my good
Oh actually yeah yeah no not that blue
not true no oh my goodness but every day
we are here guys cuz today I don't get
it wrong so I get everything wrong what
are we here for anatomy anatomy scan to
see a head-to-toe of our little friend
see how he's getting on we're looking
forward to see him
I like these pick something up most
times we come here we just got like a
basic scan you know what today we're
doing like a proper head to toe we're
doing this a little bit earlier because
of the fact week a week out here in room
one we were supposed to do it but it's
only because we're going away I'm
mothering the way for when we were
supposed to get it done so we're gonna
do that in here water to do it later
just to make sure double-check make sure
everything's good
it's what it's over on your left side
so it's lying with its undercut it's not
engaged writing this paper no I just
want three for another six months
not really is he lying where you can do
2 4 D thing you can't see the eyes I saw
out there for a second yeah she looks
like me or Anna what it creepy is that
me is it I can't pronounce si shoe is
that just so we can be prepared he get
sizes like that yes you look like you
has a sourpuss
she kind of imagined it like a theater
guys kind of look similar the power of
good food my friends we are finished
and it is tired the best time of the day
at the natural kitchen I was too late no
no I didn't try anything different but
they didn't have the breakfast because I
was too late so I got vegan feed the
flexitarian that I am I got some vegan
thingies and then and the Rangers had a
fake buzzer part so we are home and it
is bad time and the children are going
to take a look at their brother look at
all these pictures guys there's more of
them like to pull it all the way out oh
my goodness guys who can spot the baby's
hand
well done who can spot the baby's foot
no baby's fought his leg and his foot
guys it looks like this look at that is
four looks like that yeah get y'all look
at that it's so cool look you want some
leg room this is like a square here okay
who can spot the baby's face the baby's
nose well done is wired oh yeah well
done would you think it looks like yeah
those can like it why do I love when
it's also named I'll ice
but we're not telling people yet okay
we're calling an eye lice or add Eduardo
okay it is called iodized thank you good
choice unless she has her own phone her
first phone look at my work when you
were a baby Dwyer to use always say no
you said no to everything everything
from you is nope you say I love daddy
hello good night night a nice yeah nice
yeah yeah oh boy Oh
