hello there breaking news before you
watch this video we have some very
exciting news to share with you today in
2015 this is the 2000 in 2014 this is
the 2015 calendar don't know if you saw
it don't know if you have it then in
oh we decided to take it up a notch with
these pictures I know they started it's
actually mental isn't it in 2017 this is
the one that we did right it's still in
a wrapper it's a limited edition anyone
take a wrapper but now have some very
exciting news the 2017 well the 2018
Ciccone jollies calendar is available
now this year because of the fact that
the current Jory's in the great cast map
book is also available and we're going
on tour with that I'm only gonna do a
limited edition but I've added an extra
special bonus prize this year you can
now buy the poster which i think is
probably the best picture and the poster
picture is not actually in the calendar
because I felt like that was the cheeki
we went ahead and did that so if you
want to buy the calendar in a poster you
can get it right now whoever buy the
calories get it right now right now it's
available click on the link it'll be
amazing you're amazing don't miss out
because it is limited and the best
calendar yet it's Alicia's first-ever
calendar huh
she wasn't might Tommy in this was she
in your tummy anele anele she they're
arriving the cool story of dakhala the
story anyway enjoy the rest of this
video presentation situation
good morning again I keep winning off in
these friends have a nice sleep did you
not I think you might have got out of
your bed and snuck into mommies and
daddies bed twice last night young man
all aboard the Daddy Express next up
breakfast time do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
amelia tell us what are you wearing this
is you're bringing him for show in town
today what is it a problem that place
who is that the one the mermaid gave you
at your birthday party a real pearl
necklace from the bottom of the sea sea
sea you are gonna walk off for breakfast
he's such a waffler oh alright so we get
ready for us Julio's scooty Otis about
you who are you who are you who are you
who are you little smiley baby do
anything school you in school why don't
you bring why don't you bring your last
day in for show-and-tell you mean a
joiner that you are bringing us in for
Chantal choking hazard choking hazard
or why don't you bring it wire to in for
show-and-tell you're bringing oh man for
show-and-tell tomorrow
oh is it sorry let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go let's go
all right over here stand in the queue
get Nick you don't flick the cue oh boy
seventeen miles why do I do this to
myself
that's the best dish is my bestie festie
she's my best the besties
so guess who's having food today unless
yeah we have your book huh that's what
you're gonna look like we're gonna have
carrot or sweet potato which one would
you prefer maybe carrot are you feeling
yeah are you feeling yeah let's do
carrot for day one and two and then
sweet potato for a day three to four
mm-hmm
apple a day for me were you go to like
day five is there TV Tuesday 37 is pear
and baby right worth pizza happy meal
Pizza chicken nuggets
I need flat squash butternut a but or
not
how exciting though and that's his new
parantha the food was so blue
look at those also need to change as the
baby thing to an actual the trip-trap II
thing you know the thing that comes
across here I'm just gonna be sitting
like a pro huh and then we'll put this
away till the next one
are you excited you excited about food
huh she's like oh that's cool little
another bunch a little bit of advice if
you're a handyman of sorts or just a
person with a collection of tools like
this don't do this just don't just
organizes just organize it friends so I
need to undo the trip trap is it like a
key I think it's just an allen key but I
don't know if it's one of those diamond
D ones or if I just bring down a load of
them in our imaginary future home which
we're never never moving - I'll have
some sort of like a workshop will be
amazing because right now we have like
the editing suite which is over here
then we have the tool place which is
over here then we have my collection of
camera equipment my library section
camera equipment we have the
entertainment section with a virtuality
room and the PlayStation room we have
the printing and shredding area and my
wardrobe and my couch and my filing
system and my gorilla my chair and my
window and my collection of sacred early
books that's a all of it in this one
area there's the dream labs
okay so you want this one up higher is
it yeah
level up are you gave her two pink board
me no oh did I oh yeah so top shelf
there Peter sitting on this thing all
right
very exciting holder out yet
no I'm the Builder you're the baby maker
you make the babies I'll make the trip
traps it's a deal that we've come to
wear as we always had a clean one this
thing here no no I never did it was
always that light brown one yeah yeah
yeah where's the cream that is right all
right that was like light brown I can it
was time yeah yeah maybe that's a new
addition there we go it looks so much
better like that
Oh dream to rather brown yeah doesn't it
lets him well a median strip trap I
think we use the hammer turn the new bag
things around now use an allen key like
civilized people
things your name third time lucky lucky
are you ready I'm ready venture field
here on the land not Ben's Denis bend to
me there you go
yeah
oh she reaches she's got quite long
nights you know
hmm oh my goodness you so cute what you
gonna have you want some carrot do you
think do you want to order something in
the liver oh hello bachelors delivery
for babies they don't worry your brother
and sister will be giving you lots of
forbidden foods that's your table that's
your desk that's your office
welcome yeah what do you think all right
you need a photograph my friend you
ready
awfully emotional I just do this
interview for this magazine website
article thing I'm not sure I'm not sure
when it's coming out but it was all
about my childhood
aren't you just like you know she was
like talking to me and just like really
making me think about stuff and then I
was really like on amazing how like what
I did as a kid my escapism as a kid like
was all around like you know writing
short stories and drawing pictures and
like talking to myself and talking to my
imaginary friends and and then I was
like oh my goodness like I think you are
my imaginary friend I think in my other
life this camera here is my imaginary
friend just like my inanimate object
friend and I had when I was a kid and
I'm still doing it today and the short
stories and drawings that I did I've
ended up as this guy here my what mimimi
mimimi mimimi mom just one emotion that
this is brought up I feel like I just I
feel like I just had therapy anyway oh
well I will tweet it and when it comes
out check my Twitter yeah follow me on
Twitter and check my Twitter and yeah
she swoo feel like I eat dives into the
past Aaron eyes right totes amazed we're
looking for utensils for the baby pre
spoon go tencel's we're self even begins
No one month
oh let's you miss that one cause maybe
it's not that box whoa okay they're so
cute oh oh did you imagine where's that
from Disney it's so cute
this is the lassies wardrobe it's so
cute
oops let me just put that in there oh
they didn't one oh look it is jewels
puffy jacket thingy oh my goodness just
gonna need me to buy her a horse to go
with that one any what am i doing what
am i doing I've come here
maybe it was this box then we'll bring
home to bring down the wrong box and get
the shrubs is this it's child's play
Oh remember the curious the cover sorry
dance yeah I see I wasn't there
these do that again I said would Alessia
no cover models for months plus check
sure yeah we want food we want to oh
just watch that one right here we want
we want food cold
it said wide oh okay that was wait oh it
is it's only for big boys called Eduardo
and you unbuckle yourself
all by yourself yeah daddy's car seat
really but she's the next one and then
come buckle myself in a big classic it
watching money from that's right second
knuckle to kasi
well done high five and it and you got
blue stuff all over your jumper yeah not
right what was it play-doh or something
yeah yeah did you have a fun time though
yeah let me know Road oh my goodness
you're huge so I can't touch any water
right can I have a cuddle Eduardo always
gives me a cuddle when you comes out of
class don't you yes I don't sometimes I
do you usually do an immediate saw me at
the gate that's what she did she just
went and just walked on
well she come to see me out of pheasants
yes she did load you told she sorry
yeah well I know but she didn't come
over and say hi did you say hi to you
she waved on me at when we when someone
named to me a clue who the teachers at
Peck it's not time to chill it's not
time to chill yeah oh okay all right so
you get out of the car go inside I know
you're huge
just look at you in the mirror touch
this well no see I could touch stop
unless it's like a fatty liver
oh no don't because you might move it
and then I won't be able to see anything
okay unless she's gonna have her first
food which is gonna be carrot
yourself when I was younger younger than
a mouse
loved it well the doll motor and things
are just the same
I think she likes that book she isn't
sure the textures were he wears he's
kind of like having a shock and then she
like you eat it and like it
hey she keeps like like doing this thing
like leaning over to me yeah it goes the
airplane doing the airplane
she's like stuck I know she keeps doing
it there we go
now Hey Oh what do we think what do we
think well what kind of is this a
drunken evening like I know it's like
this she has had a bitch no different to
the lollipop
is this better than the lollipop you
comes the airplane ready ready
coming in from Andy she has had a bit
always I could start there I got it on
tape
DT like proper Mikey no she was just
like this face like the confused and
then
you
they say it's a matter of time 1,000
days and the Sun won't shine before I
come back to you hi Pete nothing's going
to stop me I'm making my way I make my
way for your love I will go far I wanna
be where
you are I know I'm coming back for you
