everybody with me yeah
oh there's this man nice I have an air
called business line in the heads here
so I can upload videos and stuff they
contacted me and told me that their comp
fiber rings that expanded like a 17-8
lines like 10 minutes uploading or
something crazy like that I'm like oh my
god that's what ages ago and during a
raid they've been a point of anyway a
man and she's right here now
hey girlfriend okay what you doing yes
yeah these are your water bike it's done
this look at this shiny thing here Eve
fiber it's so pretty looking compared to
the old one I'm like it is 40 pretty
much 40 down and 10 up oh my goodness oh
my goodness which is perfect because
anna is starting her june blog miss
thing go through budge yes as weird so
I'm just gonna upload a video every
single day of June on the starlight
that's what you saying
Cheers we had a number like 2 to 4
minute videos on the style I'd three to
five on the satellite every day just
like Girl Talk I'm gonna try it out
we're gonna see if she can commit to it
so my first one is up now go check it
out oh yeah apparently is it is it was
it no I have something to tell you what
Jessie mm-hmm
he bought her an upgrade why is it oh
great it's a retina so I was just
wondering can I get a wouldn't great a
win gave not an upgrade just a wedding
great just a grade can I get a grade
take your elephant
I need this hay fever it really sucks
and this stuff that I'm on doesn't seem
to be working very well but then I'm
like maybe it's funny it's because I've
only been using it for like three days
and maybe that's not enough excuse me oh
you know maybe I need to build up um you
know what you kind of have to do that
hmm hello
what oh you are today you pick a nice
outfit you've got so many clothes oh my
goodness ah let's see what will we wear
today Media we're done what are you
doing you're like a little wriggly worm
are you trying to crawl again like
you're almost doing it hmm almost mmm
fun time with movies
it's DVDs but I know not in her mouth
not in your mouth no he's nice
he's nice oh she's your best friend do
you love movies uh not in her mouth
Oh boys that'll be everyone ah Toby
anyone around me is haha
does anyone know where he is oh yeah
Oscar the Grouch yeah let's play in the
bin ah he just goes delay T door you're
ruining all these fun come on oh no the
Logan babies he's like oh yeah yeah
actually oh no me Oh God oh I just boy
can take end
okay all right
70 come on oh sorry I just like to point
out that my shoes much my bag why she as
much you we've got matching shoes
yeah no but this is a better match look
the bike the leather of the bike and the
leather of my shoes a care cute that is
I'm so happy about that I forgot I even
own fees my where my if you've got
matching shoes we're both wearing jeans
and I'm wearing a navy blue top oh my
god we're almost matching just getting
once again we've been through this like
so many times it's so many different
babies like
oh my god no God is like a candle like
why would you buy a baby a candle unless
you were the baby's parents I haven't
liked I be looking around I've been like
shopping around for things for a while
and yeah mentally and I kind of have an
idea of one thing that I would like to
get I remember I got there the Eucharist
candle and stuff like that like that's
stuff you need like I guess you getting
so for the parents then ya know I'm not
gonna get I think I know what I'm gonna
get but I just have to kind of see if
there's anything better but then I'm
like practically speaking wouldn't you
as a parent prefer like clothes or a toy
or so yeah but you know is it not then
are they like oh but it's not about me
it's about the baby you know no no
clothes for the baby no oh oh look fine
hair colors and very Chavez I got a
lovely dress for you for your baby's
christening that's a great idea
we're gonna do oh my god can you believe
it more bird poo more but I didn't get
me in the front this time but look poop
again on my car that upsets me greatly
I'm against birds I've decided I'm now
against birds could you get a device
that stops people from pooping on your
car that's what I want huh
a lot people birds is it a specialist in
oh my christening spoon
hey nice funny huh would you like one of
them huh my first spoon I'll be bored
easily
I know thanks a million okay I never
knew you cakes you did it I have this
Cup
hey friend
hi did you did you turn your foot out
Nico put your that every hero happy
Kapow
happy hippie kaboom look aren't you
gonna get front this one
you've taken the plunge have you taken
the plunge
yeah you want to take the plunge she
wants to take the plunge you lay this
card
don't Egypt don't eat the card don't eat
the guard
don't eat the card mmm-hmm this a fusion
sweet she can see with Thai spices and
sounds epic
and it's getting this one here look skin
eaten it's super skinny people hi I can
actually get that you know couple of
months ago wasn't being able to get that
you know they would have stopped me
security when it stopped me leaving
every like sorry your dream and dream
and Sun banana brickle oh yeah okay
oh it's limited edition oh my god I mean
I have to get her slamming it chicken
noodle
New York's you can do you want but I
like this
Jasmine spicing like Oh sunny Thai
chicken oh maybe I'll get that one this
is really what's gotten award do you
think don't try this yeah you seem
pretty excited about it
yeah you seem very excited about it so I
tried something new
this isn't her actual lunch but I just
thought I would give her some money
would you think about good girl
hmm you like them like there's a tree
and a fish and a little man and a star
and a tree and the land and the star and
a fish yeah and a tree and man don't you
like them Wow chicken sandwich kinda
with tomatoes where's a bit oh it
matches right but I can barely breathe
with it thanks for a plate before she
gets thick tomato in her mouth
yes intimated out lesson her--but our
absolutely disgusted at the mess that
you've made this afternoon and what have
you got to say to ourselves what have we
got to say to our fans here hello hello
friends like go anywhere I like your
little Dickie boy friend like it why
here why it on that mat there there ah
Jacinta just then done what what you
gonna oh oh you want put my what is
going to my cheeks you oh oh oh we
launched at all okay okay okay your
hands tastes like cucumber a little
sound I love a good laugh a lovely
flower a flower you love and applaud
yeah I fly ability plop and a flavin
Robin oats are tasty hmm
what is going on here what is going on
you need to be cleaned up young lady
we ended her head and haven't you have
anything roomie we're dinner hand
artisan salumi in case you haven't read
it before traditional halloumi what is
that a word ha nothing underneath em
plumie X a wait a second what language
is is in is it Greek oh cool
any you guys I'm from Greece can you
translate that what the hell was I D
reckon it probably says chicken-flavored
the where happen fish cakes at a Friday
Amina Amina hi oh hi buddy just couldn't
like I think cause we had some friends
over and their son was kicking a ball
red and she was in house sterics wasn't
she she just like we're like oh my
goodness hey Jonathan trying to flirt
yeah I got the ball and I start kicking
around was like nope no no cuz little
boy is he like seven eight or something
that so I think kids like kids better
than kids like adults you know they were
so funny she's in hysterics like I think
that I had asked for water so I got a
little baby who needs a brother or
sister she does she does well get get
working on her friend right not trying
hard enough
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
