Oh
Oh
legatus yeah the only downside to owning
such an awesome car is the tax right
look at this this is the Irish tax
system twelve months for the year 1800
euros
isn't that insane like 1800 huh
governments oh boy what's this a little
playgroup going on here let's just
little playgroup you see you're gonna
get that yogurt there that's it he's
looking at mmm look at this lovely
design Amelia did on her cheek here this
morning oh that's lovely
I loved we've contoured your makeup here
know what you did yeah yeah Erica's
Erica died that's it
she's asleep on the couch she trying to
avoid the inevitable JUnit sir I'm just
going soon we excited Yankees do and her
genius search as well they're gonna do
it together you going the wrong way
friends you're going the wrong way would
you want this want this want that get it
Oh
get it for you she's making way over
citizen dog food you bringing the whole
playpen with you good girl
I can't crawl forward from everyone
watching I know thank you when you guys
are watching that's her game why
I want these floors speaking Spanish
yeah I know we should like attach like a
mop to underneath her oh yeah then you
have to earn her keep you know no free
rides nightmare huh it's a common
problem with atomizer ideas it's the
actual door connector no it hasn't
happened yet but I know it's gonna
happen again so much research in this
car before I bought it it's like what
are all the problems and stuff so I'm
gonna try and build something I'll show
you as I go along like it means quite
interesting quickly it's like a little
cash it's made out of plastic unless you
open close the doors they wear down and
all the forms on the Maseratis
everyone's like oh you know in a costs
like 800 euros to buy like the actual
piece and I was like now there's got to
be some sort of a DIY way of doing this
so I can safely say that this event
whatever the hell it's called I don't
know
this bottle it's like a pot it's a beep
beaker bottle cuz it's like in between
you know we've got this spout where it's
deco it's easy for them to drink from it
if they are used to drinking from a
bottle and she loves it look at that
good girl
see she's actually getting water out so
her other one was like a proper beaker
one and she just couldn't get it out and
she didn't understand that and she
didn't really like it penny to faulty
yeah but that one's actually like a
bottle you're getting to be a little bit
of a brat see new news ok you can't do
that just because i'm vlogging i don't
have to count on you does not me okay so
you can remove the actual handles which
is cool so it actually looks like a
bottle and it's got the measurements of
like you know fluid ounces and
milliliters or whatever on it so that's
quite handy if you're like trying to
measure it you know what's call it
formula or whatever
on a summary diagram what a summary a
week where happened it's amazing isn't
it oh my goodness I wanna talk about it
too much in case it it comes to an
abrupt end so I think I have everything
I could possibly need got an out many of
mesh some cable ties I got eight mil and
six mil I put I think that's everything
I could possibly need
next I need to mmm take the doors off
the car and actually fit this in and
hopefully that means I will never ever
ever have that problem this mani locks
you into the car if you have the problem
all right because this is fun this is a
fun project lunchtime
what are you doing friend you're gonna
eat that you're gonna eat that give me
this book let me tell you let me show
you how this works right that wasn't a
very good that wasn't the right oh
that's that deal so we're having in Bali
Malou country relish on some chicken
with some arugula peppery arugula hola
practicing for my surrender Pomodoro
pollo
would you like some avocados to go with
your cheese in tomato mmm like that the
avocado special today my friend Laura -
avocado they're mushy they're mushy and
squishy Oh see knees she's such a beggar
so there's all this stuff off here's all
the parts here we've taken off we've got
the first sort of layer off the door
next thing is actually take the door off
and let's have a look there are little
makeshift device all right so this is
the outside or this is the inside of the
door right I don't know if you can see
this right but head of door opens it so
when you pull the handle this little
thing here right pulls itself back and
that is what happens there's like a
little bit of plastic here that sort of
break so we're gonna try and build a
unit see doc Archie look he's actually
already damaged so we're gonna try and
build a little unit to reinforce this
here so when the actual door opens this
little thing here when it's opens and
closes this reinforced with metal not
plastic see what's in here right I've
put a washer in between it's a now is it
opens see it actually catches in cabbage
there we go right and even better was
that I was able to reuse the bolts that
were already in the door so I didn't
actually have to add any to it
so Minnie is planning on her play mat
good girl she quite likes her top her
spinning top I still have yes doing hair
it's just like okay why is there a piece
of rocket pineapple or something
effective wait so I won other senses
Hannah outside but I just have so much
Heather's to I just finished boiling all
about laundry I need to do another load
this just not like didn't like being
like stuck in the house when it's nice
outside but that's always the way it is
this by the way is my was one of my baby
blankets when I was baby so Jonathan
always jokes read it and says it looks
like it comes from the 50s
actually more like the ad starting but
I'm Grayson so yeah I have not had a
chance to do my hair yet I need to bring
all this to pixie I can't leave her by
herself
my friend
gum for Drive you go for a drive
look the kids in in the ignition
I think I could probably pull that as
far as you bringing it to your friends I
don't know how far it'll go that's it
I think that's as low as it's gonna go
go for it go for it drive nice fix yo
fee
huh good job you did all the work friend
you did all the work you know what you
need in life your parodies what uh you
look so cool I'll get it
not only to my car get poop done
like nine weeks this morning on my car
dolly juice don't you guys wanna see I
never told you from the outside
that's it
hi hi hi hi there
hide everybody look no stop oh wait you
upside-down
wait what wait hold on I can't wear it
oh yeah this okay that going to hey I'm
gonna play I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you you're gonna
get away from me you couldn't get away
from me huh Oh who's this please
oh good dummy up there oh oh I see your
problem here you're comped your times
illegal parking Ricky got climbed
friends
oh thanks so much going backwards again
those hoping I just closed them did that
on purpose
Mostafa ties me Beastie Boys sabotage
I'm dying over this ticket dagger in
your hand field one boring net thank you
Dad crack an egg on your head your neck
is c4 again stick the pin pierce your
eyebrow feasting on your arms well don't
let the bee sting I'll write the egg
cook an egg on your head you know the
blood
oh no sorry okay
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
