why
can you explain what you did here what
did you do
so Amenia for some reason I put down her
pairs in front of her and her cereal and
she put on now she's taking them out but
she picked up all her pairs except for
that one and she puts them all into the
wool so I don't know I don't know you're
clever you're smart hmm see she's
learning how to eat with a bowl now um
we've started like just kind of slowly
putting plates and balls and then if we
see that she's about to fling it we'll
just like move it away and you know put
the food out in front of her but she's
kind of learning that like you don't
throw it and that's where the food
actually goes but it's a slow process
it's a slow process
thank you covered in drool look at you
come to Drew you're so hyper you look so
cute and it matches your little bow
perfectly sure you say thank you see
thanks Jen say bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye
wave wave bye-bye bye
yeah we still trying to get that right
little gang here what did you get
look know small Tomatoes I only found a
big one so and then some nice bread she
is gone we're always saying like when we
get to Sorrento it's gonna be in caprese
heaven
oh the baby girls no no the only
downside guys to shopping online where
were you doing the Tesco home delivery
is that you have to remember to order it
that's the only downside all right let's
try this differently right I'm heading
back this way and I'm going to go
through the tunnel this time right I
noticed that the windows were down and
although it was an enjoyable experience
for me it wasn't that you couldn't
really hear that much I'm gonna fly
truth I'm gonna tunnel time
let's go second gear right
oh my goodness second gear is beautiful
oh I love to check when I edit I'd see
why she sounds as good as it sounds here
so I'm trying to do the weekly shop from
Tesco um and this little munchkin keeps
trying to distract me huh
what are you doing did you wreck your
pants already bet you did why why why
why why yeah yeah victory I didn't even
do my hair today I'm such a mess you
another hand well no you are a mess you
that's because you've got oh well and
bread and tomato juice all over you
gee you want some drinkies there's a
garage up here they're like they
specialize in like building custom
exhaust systems because it's really hard
to find one
the eyes are behind the one they have in
the the m5 the v10 m5 you've no idea how
close it was to buying at the Empire
when I was late I didn't because like
that v10 engine oh my goodness the sound
the sound is gorgeous but I'm I'm gonna
try and see if I can get these guys to
have a look at maybe building me
something twelve poppy seeds my teeth I
just remembered a poppy seeds I hate
about want no I don't yeah I do my hair
like what's home oh no time and I
haven't found the solid video in a while
but I was gonna do um like a review kind
of video on the big can almost kind of
like no that's bit boring I did if I
like overthink something like when it
comes time to tell that if I overthink
it too much or um yeah I just like to
think about it too much or kind of like
overanalyze it or anything like that
then and it goes past like a day I
probably won't do it then which kind of
sucks I should have just filmed that
yesterday when I was planning on doing
not what I didn't so now I think I might
do the hair the sleep in rollers thing I
might like try and do that instead we'll
see we'll see how it goes because you
know I hate you can promise it is not
keeping them how when it comes to in the
style x5 he's gonna
gonna put it up on and look underneath
it see we can feel something take out
the mufflers he was like yeah I keep
supposed to get one or two the boxes and
I was like but unfortunately saying that
you can feel down they don't stop that's
right I remember in the country like
like yeah
yo down right let's get from my mind
these are my car looks like underneath
rendu haha so if you ever get at run
over by Maserati this is what looks like
yeah yeah so what you could do like
little spending a far-off yeah yeah yeah
sector what you could do but you could
do is ladies would come off here right
here just can't done your to silencers
are the two tips neighbor say okay this
thing here check this out we've got a
sunbathing baby well not really
sunbathing but we're playing in the Sun
huh and we've got factor 50 Sun cream on
so don't worry and she's got her hat
which we're struggling to keep on she
won't doesn't want to keep it on oh you
dropped your bomb you don't your mom hmm
yeah it puts on creams here and your
face and on your neck and on your foot
and ballast on your ears yes and she
wants to take her hat off all the time
hmm the dog is arianah it's finally
summer anyway when to like you like
standing up at this height like let's go
denim damn they don't know nothing about
feet though she's holding on her to her
Johnson
me I didn't kick her looks like navale
whoa gonna knock me over
yeah I was like that dog is not seen up
and I was way too small yeah they loved
her though did you
my challenge is running around with them
but she said she's holding her stuff up
she's face she's resting against me like
I know she wouldn't sit down early what
if she White House is crawling I just
get up some babies do that yeah maybe
that's what she's gonna do she's also
grown four centimeters mhm
huh but today I always take her I think
you're not bigger never mention it
somebody else said that they want my
friends at thought that she in the space
of I can't remember like days or
something she said she looked longer
yank ah I mock she did Cena
P Angus tongue yeah man oh that was ages
though that was ages like cuz earlier
she wouldn't sit down I tried to like
sit her down and she just locked her
legs yeah like okay fine so she was
dining there for ages and that's what
she just wanted to do we can stand yeah
she sat off really quickly
you remember my sister's can't kind of
bypass crawling completely Austin just
sort of got off yeah he's a screw to
battle it with Cheetos and then when
they just pros
oh no is that movies up I love that
outfit so cute I go thanks I just
thought the white t-shirt on well with
the jeans look at our little vest poking
through
you're not going to fit under there okay
you're not going to fit under there look
good you're like trying to get under
there are you what's under there huh oh
goodness up new yoyo friend you're gonna
end up back under there
what's up what's up what's up
hiya last night she came over here this
is the amplifier for deaq computer and
she turned it off we were watching
Arrested Development oh my god we've
marching arrested vomit we've been like
binging big-time
I didn't watch the first seven the first
night and then think we watched about
four or five of them last night and then
we're gonna watch the last few probably
tonight it's so good
and so I know what Netflix they do that
to you it's like they just you know if
you sit down and you don't even get a
chance to watch the next one they're
like hold on I'm gonna pay next one in
cancer goodbye and the next ones are
playing you're like I'll watch one more
you know I mean that's actually really
hard not to watch the next one what what
hey boy Joe you headbanger you a
headbanger making noise baked alloys oh
crap knows we came at you like it good
heavens
good heavens it's good that's what it's
gonna look like next week look straight
pipes huh what do you reckon
quads straight quad pipes oh my
this is going to sound like heaven gonna
hook that up next week mm I don't know
Otto Weber ideal we're gonna film the
whole thing I might like come in during
a day like fill them with him and like
work on it as well like it's gonna be so
good it's gonna be such a cool project
like oh my god
straight pipes on a it's a Maserati
Quattroporte I think I forgot that you
say that that's what model it is oh my
god quite to forte with straight pipes
mmm-hmm you're gonna hear me you're
gonna have me read the whole country
wait a media doesn't mean yeah you love
the game do you love this game why did I
drop your thing yeah we're happy we're
happy
he's helping we tell you cable cover one
Ivy where's the friends or friends
put your friends huh hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
