your first community cop yeah I'll be
are too bad she's like you're not trying
I know she's like I don't care I just
like it
can you see it where is it
Wow we go downstairs we go downstairs
and watch Peppa Pig some of getting a
breakfast in bed option I'm also making
it a vine as I'm coming along here that
guy got it then
well that wait for it to play you got it
work
you got a bit quick thanks I ran at a
time just keep up follow me
look jump jokes I don't know how you
actually find someone's page thing I
don't know you just search is that what
you do oh you just search for that
Anna's addictive diviner but I'm gonna
get your phone you're like vines playing
here you go there was no banana not my
fault can't be held responsible what you
never told me there was a default
situation yeah just bring up the pocket
Stanley gee thanks we're all oliday so
it's like for breakfast friend who's
right for breakfast friend you don't
need to see the menu deal the only house
in the menu
I think some pair would be nice hmm some
pair maybe some Cheerios Cheerios chip
chip chip chip chip chip chip chip chip
chip chip chip chip ready this is called
a flip-flop hey girlfriend help yourself
let's mix the pair in there as well
let's make a nice fun mess whoa fun mess
there we go and that is how you make
breakfast hey where is the source of the
Nile forget that where's the source of
the milk looks like it's coming from
around here somewhere so guys thanks for
all the comments and stuff to you you
laughed I know it probably seems stupid
because that was like yesterday for me
because the video went live again figure
that one like today yes if you don't
want like today's I see the video that
we did yesterday which I didn't
acknowledge it was it didn't actually
happen for me yeah I know I know it's
been confusing you know like negative
stuff it seems to always get pushed to
the forefront and I think oh is that the
voice is that like the consensus of the
voice is that the majority of people
speaking up you know I'm just a positive
person I always try and see the positive
in everything always trying to see the
positive in the negative you know one
like bad things happen to you and you
always think like oh my god this is so
crap like don't like wallow in the
sadness and negativity of what just
happened like just always try and find
like the positive would in the negative
because I don't like bad things happen
or when things don't work out for you or
what you want it didn't happen it's
because it's like fate or loss of
traction or whatever it is it's trying
to put you into the position that you
need to be in in order for you to get
what you need is this country singer
Garth Brooks and he has a song called
God's greatest gifts are unanswered
prayers and it's kind of true though
because he talks about he goes to this
at high school dance and he meets his
high school sweetheart and he remembers
that when he was a kid we sit in his
room and he would like pray and beg that
he would get to be with her but you know
it didn't happen and he was like ah crap
the gasbag stupid and whatever and went
on and like now he goes back to his high
school reunion and he's with his wife
and he has his kids and he's looking at
his wife and his kids and the life that
he's made for himself and he's looking
over at this woman and he's like yeah
you know that didn't work out because it
wasn't meant to work out and that put me
in a position to follow this path you
know and that's I don't know how we got
on tonight but anyway anyway friend what
are you doing what are you doing thank
you guys for what you said in the
comments you know it's like a phazon of
so comments if everyone's saying jofi
you know we just like you know I just
kind of forget I forget you guys even
like me
I just thought you've come here for
juice off dead star beads that I would
eat since 9 o'clock
and let me see
I just live got to go I do I just
applied it
because I'm still breastfeeding it's
like the number of times that I have to
get up and not get up but like turn
around is the number of times that I
happen to theater that makes sense so
like I'll have to swap sides every time
and sometimes when I wake up the next
morning because I've literally been
tossing and turning all night I feel so
tired like I haven't even gotten a night
sleep so sometimes I just hear a very
kind soul
am i Italian so yeah but I wouldn't
trade it for anything because I still
love having her close to me and
everything like that so sometimes I wish
I was principal yeah he said it this
morning
I wish I have this like you have this
slope at unity then it's like a little
party you know I always said it's like
the social feeding and the unsocial
feeding the anti social feeding your
social feeding is when your she's in
between us but then sometimes you have
to the antisocial part which is when you
put it on the other side yeah and then
I'm always like on my own I am eating
about eighteen over never I'm like
the club hey buddy got the mirror back
or again buddy
yeah we see you guys talking about that
the media actually has her own little
and
control panel here if she wants to move
the seats board or she can turn on the
heating and so it's not Larry it's also
the goodness you can also control you
can also control the seats this way as
well and these seats themselves actually
recline so Amelia can probably and
recline her seat here did you like that
friend table 21 April 20 Weinmann wants
to know let me see it was ugly stuff a
thing in the back here so she can
actually fit what little man be known
for like baby that's new no no it's not
little
tomorrow's what we just get it at are
you and then Dino Ola and Dino
oh yeah okay got the Caesar you got the
pointer flies look at this little thing
we got made after your hair friend good
girl
tasty you like that your first communion
the girl yeah on the actual day she's
like you're not trying I know she's like
I don't care I just like it
good girl do you have a match full of
corn so I think there's still corner
he's got a med full of corn supposed to
eat that you're supposed to eat that we
didn't get a takeaway we supposed to eat
it it's funny to remember when we first
intermediate and the - stuff that we
bought like you know we've never used it
Molitor smelly boys never use ditch
moment or a bit of you have one but like
man is stuffy in your vine that
sometimes you don't need or I suppose
it's very situation where you probably
quite enough using it what yeah well we
left her eater behind the hotel Wicklow
hotel whistle so I'm trying to figure
out which cook but she never really used
it that well anyway she uses a bottle
give a revolving bottle in the car yeah
so I'm thinking look at this tip but
that looks quite easy
oh yeah there's actually flowing and
then there's these like Disney ones but
I don't know I'm over at those Disney
ones and then there's these ones here
the event
I've been shot before but I know didn't
you can you look look
yeah looking cranny this one has like a
cap to it as well I wanna see stop spell
I just know the free-throw line which is
not that we have ones that just suck in
France none of them seem to work well
that's unreal a fine
oh yeah well that's fine it but look at
this huh it's bad for delicate
combination of corn in your mouth it's
so cute I like this Dylan a community
addressed fit honored oh there's so much
nicely okay six months no that's that's
perfect
boom getting some christening clothes is
that actually for real oh my goodness
this is what we should bring it okay
nice like you know like it looks like
Swan Princess or something
thank you yeah little tutu and
everything and Gruffalo right there I
really need to sort at the lenses in
this thing
it is so dirty look doesn't matter it's
not even light Janet I have to pick up
when it is right because this thing like
it connects you well I didn't even know
it was doing this it connects your
iPhone today and the car system thing or
something rad and it likes it just
connects it and it's like best friends
and you're all talking to each other but
I didn't realize this was happening all
the time and I was like why does my
phone keep dying every time in the car
and it turned out that it was like it
was the blue th you know to connect
themselves and have a chance of and then
someone rang and then all of a sudden
they were talking to me and I was like
oh my god
what the hell is going on it sounds like
those all right people listen how great
so good
like a man iPhone charger thing that's
kind of handy to have one but I thought
that was really poignant it's like oh I
got the Cardinal eyes are you mocking me
I can hate you and I wasn't sure I tried
to discuss jokey with make sure we did
pay attention so there's a bit of
chewing gum in there probably I am
disgusted by - no I don't know if anyone
else like I mean comedy if your windows
just oh I remember when you're a cake oh
my god did you ever wonder nose
disgusting moment when you're like you
know in discos and it's dark you know
where I'm going with this and then you
like tap a girl unless you get the top
shift lads you're going in for this
shift so CO and Nevaeh it was their turn
to have a fun day out so they're in
almost has no fans afraid of everything
and Tia was barking at smudge cuz
they're not used to cats at all he was
at the door there he's a pussycat see if
they just don't hey what are you doing
he's snuffling on your plants here what
are you doing Theodore oh let me be
sharper in a little bit no so she just
plenty of shoving it in
yeah poison it Oh where's the media oh
she's so funny Oh pick up the
excitedness you got sometimes Oh Oh
mmm did you wreck your friend this is
amazing it's like a lemon mousse but it
looks like a big bowl of cream we
brought I haven't used a big bowl of
whipped cream is that good it's just her
first time having a shopping thing yeah
that's not really chocolate but what do
you what do you think huh
cooking five hours eggs like 100 - yeah
you did a chocoholic like that yes look
at this wonder hmm look at this wonder
what is that look it's a little feet I
think you can hit of the feet going
crazy huh happy feet hi guys well it's
the best day well I've never well my
Gardens got a lot bigger did you thank
you friends hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
