never I said you made me wonder patterns
of food in every winter food
you're very popular after breakfast
you're very popular after breakfast
Belair breakfast like fell on the floor
when I pick her up and then she's got a
little bit stutters everyone's like
following her around
I've got wet hair like look at my hair
right I have it on front of my face and
then I go in like the bitch just so you
guys know what I'm actually doing I know
I look like poo don't judge me but um
watch this - what is happening where's
your mommy gun she loves it she was
looking at me with the towel on my head
and she just kept looking up like whoa
what's that - mommy look crazy reason
media oh I see you I see you
where's me yeah you do it again
wait Amelia where's Amelia she's gonna
do it again
yeah see you
where's Mia ha yours Mia oh I can't see
her where's she oh I found you
oh you can do it again convert again ah
miss Amelia where's Amelia I can't find
her
Vidya Oh cute if she's been fighting
with that with me in the mirror because
I'm doing my makeup look at scared it
look but yeah um she's been doing it the
whole time was I've been doing my makeup
yeah kind of a game huh ha Oh summer
summer has come to an abrupt halt here
but not really because it's super sunny
but it's also hailstone II super sunny
hail stunning huh but when you have a
big v8 engine like a Ferrari engine is
to find the longest tunnel that you can
find it's going to be the greatest sound
you've ever heard in your life that's
what the Italians do guys is specialize
not not the most reliable mechanically
driven cars but they make cars that
sound amazing so this is a surround
sound experience
here that's cars that got ahead of us
here
now that that was the shock cans I'm
probably gonna put a performance exhaust
on a bag of it just for funsies just for
funsies oh my god I don't even know I
won't know till I act well I added it
all this thing is a double clutch as
well huh oh um yeah oh my goodness the
sound of that it's just amazing you have
to be here too
what we'll do is under meetup right I'll
take you one at a time around the block
picture tunnel oh my god imagine a poor
tunnel in Dublin oh my god did he just
hear me did he
yeah what chick is that I read site go
goes go goes at this time I ensured that
I got the right order anyway look at
this mind blown I don't know if you've
seen this yeah okay
this is a five-year-old node there is
many like it but this one's bad for my
jacket all the boys know what I'm
talking about
maybe the girls teach you you become
what have you seen Full Metal Jacket
anyway five euro note that's what a
five-year note looks like right but look
what happened they've just changed the
five year old note I don't know we
should talk to the Department of Finance
and ask them but look at it huh it's so
different looking it feels different
look feel the difference well yeah
anyway to change the five euros in
Ireland okay looks like it looks like
it's fake
why what if you guys what have you guys
hope everybody brought something cuz it
was did you get the memo
it's ringing I forgot what's that cause
you know you bring something into school
the nature table oh that's a special
hockey fiber that was found in the
garden finding that in the back garden
two halves to a fiber I'm gonna talk to
you that's technically a tenner because
look it's a five out of five yeah you
know between us first we're rich whoa
whoa my name I let's make it rain woo
rain and fibers
oh yeah guys we're on divine thing
divine of mine I'm not really sure if
there's a profile page or you follow are
you like a unique friend
would you like some goats cheese or
chicken Ian what do you reckon you want
my hand you got my wife sent she loves
to watch just watch watch as she watches
to watch she loves it
she looks she's like a magpie she's at
the magpie stage of life ha ha
you love shiny things oh hey get out of
it
oh we want tuna I think she likes the
tuna though Oh No yeah yeah you munching
that thing in there want you to munch of
the munch of the crunch munch it a bunch
of the munch it granny
we got a friend of ours from Chicago to
send like us a ton of cool stuff from us
needs chocolate
nice look at these toys for that I can't
touch them because they're cotton or
something what are they made of
I can't touch him I have I have
electability but they're for the dogs
and they're so cool frosted car sir but
look at this veiny and gas Janey and
Jack I never heard I never heard of it
either but she was like I'm making this
for the dogs cheese please just for an
ingredient cheese but look at is there
like local tree calories per treat their
lactose free no wheat no corn made 100%
Wisconsin cheese Oh Jonathan oh that is
so cool
I'd be perfect in Sorrento you could fit
that high you wouldn't even need to wear
underwear the friend that sent us all
this stuff which is so amazing thank you
so much I was just like oh my god yeah
Jonathan so happy but
yeah and he loves mint chocolate and I
don't like mint and she was like I
didn't know what to get jofi and all
this stuff because she doesn't really
shouldn't she's like I just don't feel
like I know him well enough and I just
wanted to get him something perfect and
I didn't know and you got him something
perfect because you sent the mint
chocolate cuz I don't like minty
chocolate but he loves it
anyways the girl that sent all this
stuff is organized like Jen on YouTube
but her daily vlog channel is my
housewife life and she didn't ask for a
shout-out or anything I just wanted to
shed her it because we love her Channel
well I watch your channel more than
Jonathan but that's just them girl hope
you enjoy hello mom the Laura mom
correct alright cupcake party hard girl
they adopt you like it there's one here
too she likes the little cupcake boy cup
get it wrong my cupcake room ha ha ha
hold on what you got something else more
a cupcake-eat-cupcake stickers do it oh
what's up dog what's up Nick Annie you
can't really see my eyes you're like who
is it did somebody just turn out the
lights
oh my god did somebody just turn out the
lights
alright let's get these two little
friends here into here
Stanford never open forever
guys we did a giveaway one dollar coupon
huh only available in the USA in a
defusion jukebox
if you drink the fusion juice boxes and
you're one big group but you should
enter what gives you denture you have to
write the alphabet backwards 12 miles in
a handstand sort oh you gotta be the
handset yeah well it's right using the
alphabet backwards no cheating
you could win a dollar coupon Thank You
Josh yeah I also need to send me a new
iPhone thanks immediate grew hair noodle
hair Hey show is cool do that again
friend Oh put your legs in oh you got
chicken am out you got chicken roll back
over get your legs up again get your
bags up again get your legs up again
yeah look oh you're full cleanse if
balloons come on I want to see all the
way true
Oh uh-huh you have got a doll me Oh face
is there bits of chicken in your mouth
there's this a chicken in there what did
he do with it you can't bring the
chicken into the bot you'll swim away
whoo ready ready oh it didn't work let's
try it again
Oh
yeah come on come on oh hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Joey and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
