like this this this is a Ferrari
Testarossa engine in it you know I'm
talking about I am so excited I am like
a little schoolboy here
after you spend a couple of days you
know hotel or something anybody you come
down in the morning and you're like
where's the staff where's my where's my
collection of fresh fruits yogurts and
cross arms huh well you always have
staff she lives in a hotel it looks like
yeah you get peppa pig inside what's up
buddy look at Anna looking smashing and
it's off to expose in court today
jokey-joke to staying at home and it's
taking Amelia for today yo so I'll
probably have great she's going with her
friend and her husband to to it was last
night we're like alright so we were like
out playing in the car last night and
we're like I think he was in the back of
the car and we were like oh so you girls
taking the kids tomorrow
lock it down because they were upstairs
we're like just her down here for you no
no we're on we're on parent duty today
what parent Judy okay I took these from
our our wedding table because I thought
every day at the end of time we can't we
can put them out we can lay them out you
know we can be like super posh and when
people come over we'll print their names
off you know you're like there's a seat
for you
look we're kind of like in a hotel cuz I
bought Erica you know like the M alright
I called mini pack one pack there's a
name for them yeah kind of a name of it
ooh you should do that and see how many
yeah oh my god see how many words can
you come up with in the comments for
this no looking at kids you ready press
pause and go for it so you can come up
with the most words I'm on my way to
expose a lie with my friend Nikki whom
you've met before
Oh your hair is 36
Miki's an expert driver like me she's
way better than me I can't even drive
what good news or the bad news first the
good news is we have fish cakes for
lunch huh fish cakes bad news it's just
you and me pal
mom has abandoned us mom has abandoned
us but look there's a hey did you see
her er that's here in case you didn't
know you didn't know I think you need a
bib oh yeah oh yeah daddy's figuring
this out so good so good so good I got
you boom boom boom boom so there's a
scary man at the entrance and he's like
no he can't park here it's too full blah
blah blah so we were like offering of
low Niki offered to sing and dance for
him but he said I know he was kind of
grumpy but then he was okay cuz we're
like well this is a spa or a gym place
exactly we're in heels and like these
are the highest heels I've worn since
like
six years ago or something so I'm not
used to it he said over and flips up
here because there's apartment beyond
the hotel but you have to ask to get in
because he was there and so we made that
up he was like okay fine but he totally
didn't believe us
but now we've realized the place is
great you're right
yeah it's way too far away so we're not
gonna do it
she's just gonna try but I don't think
he will comp us because we were really
nice to them so you know yeah so you
know bone and we'll keep another what's
her name Aloha can you see me
no no no no no no the Twitter oh by the
way so fancy
what the fellas so see that guy over
there walking down a party
can't-see-'ems are here and a CI here is
there any lace and he looked this is a
different make like a level up yeah and
this is completely made of like we just
when akise really good she like totally
weasel joy in so we just uh we just kind
of heard him with him for a little bit
and then he loved us it so thank you
you caused some trouble are you causing
trouble over here huh
are you you look like a troublemaker
that's what you look like
what'd you do with your dog there what
are you doing - doggy friend
look at this carry on here look at this
carry on here
Yankee Navy yanking hey V what's the
inky Navy dude huh it's Bianca Navy dude
whatcha doing huh you kissing Obama a
lickin I bet I am
hey lazy little brother devera
are you are you going to eat that are
you going 200 me where is Amelia what
are you doing all the way over there
what are you doin all the way over there
huh
I see you trying to escape are you
trying to escape friend is that your
game huh
the foot you mopping the floors are here
and you mopping the floors is that we
always left it's like no no no thank you
thank you oh we reach the cupboards we
reach the covered
oh my god amazing hurt me and Emily
entire together so this matching likes
mommy and daughter dresses look career
looks like this dress for me and then
you can get like a little matching one
free media right they just cleaned up
all the poop like a llama role at all
and decided not to show you because yeah
there we go
nice to Doug Brent Vince I hope mom
isn't home because uh we're gonna be in
big trouble going to big trouble
it's grass all over the house the entire
house in that matter who this sort of
play area we have cables running through
the house all the dogs have green feet
yep yeah yep yeah that's great can you
just put that muddy shoes everywhere
I probably yeah I'm trying we got food
mess everywhere your filthy
daddy-daughter day we went off to the
Mary Burke hotel in London like four
o'clock but we're starving he don't make
you God
a chicken and paste Oh Jonathan like
that is no place for garbage and then I
got the vegetarian rap and coffees about
United this is where I had my birthday
dinner our only hope in this situation
he's our friend heady heavy can you help
me out
can you help ya heady there's a some
tasty hot broth dinner for you I hear
your friend oh goodness
okay this might be the end of the pony
Joey's it might just be the Jolie's next
week look what we got we got Amelia at
the chicken skewers cuz I was like
couldn't leave you order her like a full
meal you know so I was like I'll just
get her like the chicken skewers cuz
maybe like that'll keep her happy you
know it's a tricky one when you have a
child
call just come on any threat to me huh
I love starting this car I feel like I
bought it
fracking Maserati like like this this
this is a Ferrari Testarossa engineer
and you know I'm talking about I am so
excited I am like a little schoolboy
here and I wanna I want to share this
experience with you I wanna I want you
guys to be involved in his arm like I
want to talk about it but then I feel
like I'm not talking about it and I'm
not showing you guys it because I feel
like I don't want people thinking that
like Oh Joe he's just going around I'm
sure I really want I wanted able to
share this with you
you know and I feel like just let me go
let's let me know you know want me to
shut up and not talk about stuff like
that that is no problem I can I can do
that as well you know but it's like you
guys are a big part of my life you know
you are you are a huge part of my life
I'll never I'd never be anywhere if it
wasn't for for you guys you know I
definitely I definitely feel that way if
it wasn't for you guys watching every
single day the YouTube channel like I
just hit a hundred thousand subscribers
what the frak why do I have a channel
with a hundred thousand subscribers like
that's that's only for like Shay and
Charles and you know I mean Jesse I
thought I'm so excited and then I
finally like I mute my excitement
because I'm like I don't want to offend
you upsetting them then it's like yeah
but then what's the vlog like what is
the plot the blog is supposed to be a
life you know what I mean and I don't
know I don't know I love you guys so you
guys mean so much to me and it just it
just really it saddens me you know what
I read you guys saying stuff online it's
not like that it's not like that at all
don't look at it and think like he's
showing off it look at and think of like
you know what if stupid old Joe jokes
can do this you can do this you can
probably do this way better than me you
can have 20 months in Heidi's okay you
don't mean like don't don't look at it
and think like oh it's stupid looking
and go like fact that I want that I can
have that you know I mean I were I was
like three four years ago I had nothing
not a bean to my name was like you
talking about sniper chant I was like I
had to sell my motorbike to pay rent
like you know I mean it's like it's
crazy what hard work and dedication you
know what I mean can do like it is
mental dinnertime there you go friend
curry and a beer huh
career look at this what are you gonna
do with it are you gonna do it it no
Gibby
absolutely excited whoo chicken skewers
huh
cheat all of him already oh I was like
oh my goodness
monster attack monster no have a duty -
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
