doctors
don't ignore me right you will give me
all your attention all right sister
Manjula Jolie
we got fresh baby croissant soap it is
real babies unfortunately we can't get
cronuts okay if somebody could shape
that into a doughnut for me
I'd like the corners for breakfast and
you like it Bonjour Mademoiselle
look at the crosswalk like cigars I what
you doing buddy she doesn't she's gonna
teach you all the bad things he is gonna
hear at the clubs let the crow land in
the clubs at your Dublin friend Dublin
cuz you're her country cousin country
cousin from Qarth country core cousin
your uncle uncle cousin uncle Congo
you're how free yeah you do much better
now yeah yeah give it a little coke like
let me out yeah you'll find it a there
you don't have it
and they're like you gonna escape
Emilia has a new best friend
he's got a new best friend who's your
new best friends is their Ruti aunty
roti aunty Rudy oh my god you're moving
a friend you've never been able to move
di go for it go for it their goal in
life to move their plastic chairs cuz
these are the ones that are in Causton
everywhere you know at this one but she
she can never move it but should you
move through it at home you do this
you're doing it all your hard work paid
off
yeah that's that it's got air bikes
what's your pissing in I think her
boyfriend walked to jail his name James
James vane O'Donovan psych say hi James
oh my god please point them to present
now for my sister because I almost
brought it back to court for me it would
be kind of stupid but a fuzzy no she's
open at the honeymoon suite okay with
the breakfast oh great we're just let's
have some breakfast everyone into the
bathroom does anybody else do this I
don't know if I'm the only freak that
does it but I did it in our wedding
hotel as well after we got married if I
have a really pleasant stay at a hotel
if I don't have a present stay at hotel
won't do it obviously but if I do I
always like to leave a note and Jonathan
thinks it's really stupid and like Dom
but I think it's nice I left a little
note being like thanks so much I just
like to do that and show my like
appreciation for you know if I have a
really nice time I don't do it though if
we don't have a great you know if
there's like things that I I'm like
whatever but this was a really nice
place the food was amazing I think the
probably like my favorite thing the room
was amazing and the service was really
good like everybody was super friendly
and super nice they have a lovely golf
course and everything of course I don't
recall with Jonathan Conder like I love
God like of the 60 years that we've been
together I've never ever ever ever seen
you playing wrong me and Shane we're
gonna tee up I love golf really do it do
it
go go go go go make the sound effects
it's so cool it's not like handmade or
something yeah I stole me no don't make
yourself whatever yeah I know it's a
hater me yeah yeah wanna go Amelia
oh my god you not feel that no no no
this isn't for humans no no okay oh my
gosh tur oh my
you've done this one kid cousin swings
oh oh yeah oh jeez Louise gonna tongue
out yeah we get a swing she's so excited
I knew going windy it's like her little
jumper at home girl
it just has to last for one picture good
girl
this camera
oh wow I think I let it go when do you
is there a civilized way of getting off
don't drop her
I'm recording all of this Dylan you're
way faster oh hold on hold on I want to
get a picture - okay yeah don't drop her
whatever you do are you ready you ready
for your new car Amelia tada it suits
your stroller oh my god okay it's got
the racing steering wheel on it and
everything over here a lot of fun okay
we fit the meat in there look if you
just measure it up look she does she
does the color huh so running away
homeboy yeah I decided to let Amelia sit
up the front oh my god I mean they're
you you've grown so much
why I came to dump number one child I'm
going home with two I guess that's the
price you pay
no Joey loves his new car but it's kind
of afraid of it I'm afraid in the guts
I'm just like okay everybody's nothing
it's like hey man y'all put my foot down
no bloody thing came alive and I was
like oh dear God
oh dear God now I'm like afraid of it
I'm just like
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
