good morning friends good morning
fingerling welcome all the days this oh
my goodness their focus has left us all
right now see she is smashing Holly
Hobbie
and the day another breco fest fresh
what are we going today you want the
cream cheese today option is this by
Alessia
hi mommy hi doggies by iPods so many
packs
yeah it's wet okay so Amelia is bringing
a monkey to school today
a monkey that you can hear it squeaking
away they're not sure how they're gonna
feel about a monkey in school
can you I didn't check it school rules I
did I bring monkeys to school the
probably didn't write that one and take
it no one's ever gonna bring a monkey
this girl today another school
good morning Valesky and I are watching
Nursery Rhyme Johnathan's on the school
run Angie Oh Angie I'll put together
printout our meal plan for the week so
this is last week's if I just show you
I'm gonna wear it here cuz I'm here with
the music so this was last week's and I
print met every single week and then I
saved them on the Notes app on my phone
and then I kind of like I save about
three weeks worth on my phone and then
kind of go back and rotate but I don't
always stick to the same thing like
obviously it depends on what we've had
before and stuff like that so I try and
like vary a lot I also try and correlate
them to immediacy LAN for her school
dinners because I don't ever want her to
eat the same thing like if she has
passed out at school I'm not gonna give
them passed out for dinner you know what
I mean unlike savings like chicken if
she has chicken for lunch I'm not gonna
give it to her for dinner so I try and
kind of do that so I just scribbled out
this week's one and I'm gonna print it
now I'm gonna write it down on me on my
notes up in my phone and then print it
it makes things so much easier for my
buying food like groceries she's getting
annoyed cuz her bingo song is off drunk
bingo or do you want row row row your
boat which one your favorite
hey Brett ready for her at first now
that's why she's big cranky
boobies
one seven days wants the midis alright
stand to attention off they go in their
walk hmm they look so cute
about two minutes to get there I don't
like to bring a bag with me I don't want
to bring a handbag with me just school
today has been not very productive but
that's because we got penny sidetracked
because we had a journalist over who was
actually she's very nice
I swear all of the sensors and things go
off in the car as soon as I started cuz
I'm just like close to everything a bit
tired
how was dancing did you like dad did you
like ballet yeah
did you like it well because she's the
dance teacher
yeah it's a bit confusing his neck she
doesn't work in the school but she comes
separately doesn't she well yeah yeah
right shall we go home to Daddy yeah
let's go okay
you want popcorn okay
well hello there friends haven't spent
in hours so we had a journalist in the
house today all day long just hanging
out with us it's kind of cool to do it
you know like the sequani Joey's in the
gray cat nap it's coming out soon only a
couple of days week's lesson week to
come
so we've been in like tons and tons of
press lately but it was kind of
interesting we had a journalist in the
house like all day today
hanging out with us and just like Jan
Hus and exposing your troop so look out
for that coming to somewhere remember
really pop in mister in for doing we
gotta collect your sister oh did you get
tripped on ah come on come on come on me
we're gonna be late coming late again ah
I'll get two strikes
I got two strikes one two three four
five once I caught a fish alive
why did genetics because it bit my
finger which finger - mr. Joffe am i
right hello there firstborn child how's
it going how was Monday how was school
today
was it a good day in school did you
learn anything and he's gonna see all
the stuff ever gonna read it back that
at school and she'd go see all her stuff
isn't being busy at school did you learn
anything new and exciting today in
school
is there anything new yeah what's your
name tell us something new you're great
well we painted a little being hot and I
said maybe I broke you for coming Monday
yeah then all our heads
our heads and I can't wait and if
they're not there same the weight of our
heads and now get another one
don't shout in the baby's ear drum Tommy
Lee has this shiny five-pound nose some
money left over from her birthday money
and she wants to tip the pizza man it's
not very nice of you come on I guess I
feel a girl it's a part of Monday we're
just too busy today to get any freedom
is underway I think where's this
brighter that is right or left us
Eduardo 4 3 2 1 and go go go go go go
you can tip the mad
do you want to give you wanna do that
again
what no come on let's go it's quicker
for me oh good idea but know that doors
closed that source closed okay no pizza
for Amelia I don't have a car key on me
I didn't take the car that was cute
thought it was nice of you making the
school lunches well school lunch cause
it actually immediate doesn't need lunch
anymore because she eats and let country
but I think I might have put too much
mail in here I never know it's like the
butter thing I don't eat mail so I don't
know but uh this is the bread and water
likes and Eduardo eats all his seeds
Eduardo needs a wee now you need a wee
Oh what what are you doing are you
coming in here to steal some of the tuna
and sweet corn no I just need to flash
my don't have oh wait is this a
distraction hey wait a second did I just
catch it do you actually not need a wee
so here wait a second you told him to
tell me he needs a week so while I'm
inside with him right away you were
gonna steal the food oh my goodness what
have you guys turned into really really
oh my goodness
okay so you actually do what you need to
wait okay
Haley hi is it bedtime it's bedtime for
a little hey blue-eyed baby
it's a blue-eyed beat its baby she gets
really fussy this time of the night
because she knows it's time for milk and
bed
well cozy and jammy yeah - getting so
fussy and we're using this new stuff the
good bubble 100% pure organic coconut
oil did I get do make it she likes it I
don't like it smells delicious actually
it smells like the same I'm assuming
it's the same thing there's any
difference just kind of weird when you
think about it I do kind of feel like
I'm basting a turkey when I'm putting it
on her but in our baby massage class we
have to use like cooking that's what
you're meant to do anyway
it's bedtime now and then she gets all
excited when I like start taking it my
boob she like watches me do it and she
flails her arms and legs and like does
this sound
naughty naughty mummy and daddy
but tickets a bed and got a takeaway
that's okay cuz they did so well cuz
they put to get the better and they got
a tick away naughty naughty mommy and
daddy but the kids bad regarder take
away Oh
