hi Peppa how did you either
what you doing papa
hi we're going to Dublin ah we are off
to Dublin today and I look like freak
because I've got my head full of curlers
so I looked like a crazy roller head
here in the petrol station and some of
them are even coming out this is like a
really quick head of like um messy job
this morning because I just was under so
much pressure to get everything ready
and yesterday I ended up in bed for like
most of the evening because of the
stupid hay fever it was like
debilitating it was so bad I hate any of
you guys that suffer from hay fever know
what I'm talking about you just feel
like death anyways so we're in cash flow
right now petrol station and Jonathan is
just filling up and there's my hot
husband hi
I'm her hot husband by the way there's
many car guys what do you think I call
it the garlic she econo special it's
lovely
oh you can bite me in the mirror get the
light and every boy I think that's I
didn't know you had a filament because
it looked like a Becky garden without me
guys maybe he's a criminal right and he
just went you look like a criminal
either he looks normal now he's looking
at us welcome to County Wicklow we're in
the Glen of the druids also known as
Druze Lent as you can see here this is
up in County Wicklow in the mountains
apparently this place okay let's close
it up here because there is a crazy Sun
situation in Cork Dublin get the memo
this is a tight road this is a tight
situation here and you guys live in drew
it's good I don't know can you live in
three it's good oh my god leave me a
comment if you're a druid huh any druids
watching
well God let's cut you well I'll check
back in with you in a moment from Allah
we almost ended up in waxford by the way
guys a blonde Andy an 11 I was like what
new brides it was I supposed to take it
was like oh I'm heading to expert ah
Glen of the druids is their new house
guys ha ha ha all right um druids way
where are we going though I don't end
open the golf course the Hotel and Spa
should be in a different spot this is
huh this looks very fancy pants I hope
you guys have your fancy pants on if you
don't pause this video go get your fancy
pants put them back on and then come
join us it is nice it looks just like a
like a hotel
well it's a resort it's a golf course
resort think she's gonna day looks more
like a resort
yeah this is our home for a couple of
days ha there be plenty of Heineken I
tell ya that's enough for me I think you
check it on now friend put the jacket on
now friend this is her first time in
Dublin oh no no we can't have her to
dinner dinner time forget when she was
like 2 weeks
oh you're actually cool there's our
first time here in the Glen of the
Brewers blend of the druids nothing if I
get a car huh good deal now which me
this is myself and Amelia are sharing a
suitcase and this one's for Anna hey
buddy
stay there stay there now oh go in New
York don't jump don't jump
oh my little scarf it is a lot of big
gold yeah cool look at the room it's
nice look at the tail it's so
cool-looking see cuckoo cuckoo we can't
go wrong cuz Leah's dance my a my
sister's down here somewhere
Oh tackler Arlen shootin wine treat it
huh
hi mom hi Peppa I can do either what you
doing papa
now Jonathan this is Jonathan's idea
come on you ask forever
you couldn't wish for me Jimmy I didn't
bring any bathing suit though I did yeah
but then I can't go and watch right you
just decide in your clothes that's gonna
wear in your pencil time yeah your hand
like the nursing bra the closet you used
to do when you're a kid you're like you
could get your swim above my mom dad
looks like before your pants II just
went into the sea huh
it's grandma grandma gonna look after
you forever now
so that's Amelia's pint there and some
nuts some pints and nuts that's a little
big and for donations socializing yeah I
get a name in this place burgers and
beers from around the world this would
be Benji's heaven ego friends so this is
what someone looks like before they get
married
oh and I'll show you tomorrow we do and
after this would a single free man looks
like you know that beer will be changed
tomorrow beauty everything all right and
a pipe yeah that's it you'll be all over
it yeah yes again huh
and then there'll be another one a D
soon just a little bit of room here for
you yeah do you have curly feet oh I
have Cardiff even Amelia has curly feet
now I have tiny feet oh no no none it's
monasteries for English my god
I've got fat Sophia oh no I don't
anything
bye daddy I loved your singing oh I know
because you're our man did you see that
ringing yeah
oh no it was like a week ago yeah yeah
and I used your arm on Sunday she
actually chose your swimming costume
I gave her an option and she grabbed it
yeah all I commented are some yeah yeah
yeah and I just thinking cuz I didn't
see that part there then I pick those
two could therefore in this rant Oh in
the frilly way what she knew she had you
know she was gone I just like was it
initiation no in the bath I feel the
body that's the best way to know but
today I'll bring her in the pool here oh
yeah I'll give her a go yes of course
yes you're toast you know she's proper
in yeah thrower in program our
collection bed an hour you know I hear
babies load yeah I got the bag but we
forgot to bring in a bib for Amelia so I
got sent back up well someone had to be
sent back up so which is I oh no I think
I think I have to stay away from the
lift door okay say to come over here now
I just like to look at it down as like
that's the same stock girl that's in my
gym I mean you know each other what we
ended up with the chicken Caesar salad
did you get a chicken Caesar salad as
our friend did you you're right oh
that's a good Gabriel wasn't chicken as
well huh these are a bit too big for you
I think
No
together guys I've never in my life had
an Eton Mess but I saw it I'm combining
me once and episode of combined to me
for a sweet massive wave
so now I'm going to order one you want
some Eton Mess Amelia yeah this is an
agent mess
well what Amelia dingy this is a fine
style shortly so fast like that okay
that's good thank you the BBC saw at the
camera learnt a single most important
thing hotel hold on should provide the
slippers note the free slippers I know
what it is to just love the slippers
that you get in hotels
what which one do you want what this you
like this oh my goodness you want dad
you want dad
that is the biggest iPhone you have ever
seen
maybe I should try and touch the screen
make something happen that make
something happen
oh my god is that blueberry juice Oh No
she's got blueberry juice all over her
it's so bad you ready for a different
kind of a night oh look at this bags
mirrors here there's mirrors here
there's reflections here it's a very
mirror replace food nothing meteorite
when you get older exceed yourself you
steal that it's very important to steal
that God we're going to throw the whole
thing over me what did we just shower
her
you're in a batter now okay we already
check the pool times your specific times
we can bring your kids and specific
times where it's like adults only you
know what I'm saying
smoochie smoochie in the poodle board
right now so we don't write we don't do
any of that kind of stuff we don't do
any of that kind of stuff there's more
on one second one second one second
please another quarter back okay okay
okay friend let's have a look swimming
pool money son a nice 12'o treat the
seven ah crap
ah crap ah crap
what do you think Amelia Amelia toys
scrunches sponge Olli yeah I guess fine
jameelah yeah oh let's have a grand
bargain hi Fred
if you suck up the reason you're mad
decide we're gonna go a little adventure
to a close look at this an a7 you don't
see a lot of that a sevens around of the
back in it looks a saucy a look at them
it's an S type
what is that like sure yeah wonders and
s-foils oh did you fall asleep there
right now sometimes they have the s
bodykit and they're not actually you
know tuned same as the AMG's you know or
a spoon engine or something that's a
little like it's got an english reg
that's probably the real deal I'll take
one I'll take it
or well or did I oh is that looking at
it that way yeah this is so funny right
so I was sitting here going like I'm
trying to get over to wicklow town which
is that here okay so I was sitting here
going like well what road am I on and I
was like but how could I be on that road
it's like but the road pass is true here
and I was like oh wait a second that's
it up there how am I supposed to get up
there how do I get up there it doesn't
look that there's any sort of connecting
situation going on here we could climb
huh we found it we found it whittler
whittling up this way let's we found our
way oh look oh we found a lighting up
Church and the van is on the radio
are you a painter banana Church I don't
know
ooh lady up Church is it ha ha ha
we made it back after we had shows miss
out on it that's a buttom it was like a
pile of like mmm hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
