have fun I would see our new smashing
hair all a retouch up oh it's a rout
so I tried it the big or whatever they
call it sweep in rollers for the first
time but I didn't sleep in these last
night I just put them in because we're
going out now and I just wanted to try
them out for like a couple of hours
blasted it with hairspray and I'm gonna
see if they work I curled my hair
yesterday so it's it's got a bit of a
curl to it already but it's kind of like
you know semi curled so we'll see and
some people actually mentioned that they
work better if you curl it like the
night before which kind of defeats the
purpose but like I don't mind if it's on
like day two hair and I had curled it
the last day or something I thought then
that's fine that doesn't seem like that
much work but amelia when i first put
them in she was just like looking at me
like hmm what are you doing mom
you make mommy's hair yeah they've got
your rollers are you going to a roller
derby gonna see if it actually works so
far so good
the volume is good right with her not
about him what do you think it's
supposed to make them all curly or just
like yeah you wanna see these honey it
looks like it's teased yeah yeah yes of
teething spotting your hair
oh I'll end up in Jersey because what
this is one of the things I will not
miss
when I put me ship the can and couple
days and have the other car because
parking is taking all the time is a
nightmare and even see you it's so crazy
you're always parking and thanks for
parking it it's trying to find the right
spots and everything because it's like a
monster to get in go down yeah you know
a car it's funny like an Atari apart
it's like I'm actually like really into
cars and stuff but I don't talk about in
advance because I think you guys are
kind of will be like super bored I don't
know as I talk about it a lot uh-huh
wreck their head all the time about it
lay down
yeah that's that's why I like you know
boy I just feel like there's a lot of
things on my hobbies and if I don't talk
about it change because I feel like oh
my god it was so before the hell out of
you you know what I know
okay Stacy oh you're not a thief anymore
crap look we're in America Hershey's
Reese's Lucky Charms marshmallow fluff
yeah oh yeah Betty Crocker rich and
creamy that's it oh that's so funny
don't you like these things the
buttercups the cocoa peanut butter cups
Napa Oh me yeah boom we've been toying
with one of these machines is there not
one of these things oh no it's the
cartridge
I loved the cartoon anything feels like
it's like it's so easy making coffees
you just put the carpenters in need an
espresso no is a latte don't mess is the
brand no I think over there just so many
it is a whole clothes thing so I bet you
guys have them let us know in the
comments below what is the best is that
I was like that's a funny coffee there
is no one is the best one together I'm
like the optimal the best yeah so River
they go to level 4 Keith's a not really
into coffee and think they don't don't
used to know levels are it goes up to
like em always the next strong she was
like you play so I like milk like it was
Andy you got it we got a help under
knees up leave us the details brew us
this time
I want you to sit on the motorway hey
buddy get torito's surprise we decided
to favor that's the rule of culinary if
it ends up on your side of the table
it's yours
Sarah we do help you just giving away
our prize understand what
what's up buddy
you guys just hanging out are you having
the chips are you having a chip which
one you on you want this one
oh yeah she's a she's changing around do
you want a chip to hurt you don't know
what to do changing adventure I think
we'll make it
no we're like 50 minutes he got through
a hair appointment
Nicky said that I shouldn't get a chip
okay okay I see that so my turn
Thanks merchants key I really enjoyed my
stay here's your card back thanks for
letting me borrow it
let us go let us go yonder oh why is it
when you're late for something every
single red light available in humanity
turns on you it's like it's a conspiracy
it's like their joke they all work
together they're like are they late okay
guys everyone work together right wait
here they come ready go give a red light
have fun I would see your new smashing
hair all a retouch up oh it's a root
touch-up guys not to be confused or
anything else the miner Potter was the
old root touch-up I have never got a
root touch-up boy
it'll Porsche that last let's get a new
song we having a fun time in dad's house
hey Bianca you stepped on her mirror hi
friend
hi friend you having a fun time
Oh Bianca oh so much trouble there's so
much trouble huh
I don't tell anybody we're playing the
PlayStation while spree visiting the
Bubba
well it's babysitting the Bubba
look at you uh are you trying to climb
up friend are you trying to climb off
huh you see that she's trying to lift
yourself up
are you are you trying to lift yourself
up tl nobody invited you to this party
are you you trying to hold on to this
Oh use this what you're trying to do
channa hold on here say what you afraid
to do huh so what you're trying to do
you're trying to go crawlies we all know
that you can crawl Oh see you're rolling
over is he
you can you get the tea oh can you get
the tea oh you gonna roll over as well
is everyone rolling over look at you two
so when I got home from the
hairdresser's I was absolutely wrecked
because I hadn't been home since half of
all right have 11 something like that so
I didn't get a chance to show you guys I
don't really like how they make all my
rollers I don't really like and they
blow it out that much it's a bit like
flouncy but whatever it's fine and looks
kind of weird now because I just had it
off but the color let's see if I can
move to where you guys hopefully the
color is back so he freshened up the
roots and did like a toner through the
blonde the balayage part and gave me a
shining treatment I think she's annoyed
because camera isn't on her I'm just
talking about my hair good girl
and um anyway so I do I really like it
it's just it's basically the same as
last time
it's just I think it's kind of a bit
flouncy when they blow it out but that's
fine and I just put it up because I have
hay fever and you know when you have
allergies you just don't want anything
in your face or bothering you and I you
just get already kind of flustered so
that's why I put it off and I was
debating whether I should get it cut
short again like how it was before yeah
or kind of leave it this length and I
left it this length obviously so um what
was the other thing I was gonna say oh
yes I hate her so bad then my boob got
really engorged this is gross by the way
yeah but because emini I didn't take her
like 11 o'clock feed because we were
rushing and to God
so she didn't take it so then my boob
and I could feel it like in the
hairdresser's I was like oh crap I
didn't finish in there until five so it
was really really painful when I got
home
anyways so now I'm in my dressing down
because I just feel so yucky because
it's The Hague fever if any of you might
suffer from hay fever let me know what
you take for it because I can't even
remember last year I don't think I was
allowed tape stuff because of being
pregnant so let me know what's good
funny on again sounds the best it's the
best instrument to play I play the beer
bottle you want us up you want your
first beer deal you probably what you
crazy oh my goodness
nobody nobody it exposing yourself huh
he looks so cute oh yeah yeah oh you
gonna get that are you done hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
