so I'm gonna watch the car here probably
the last time folks
you read it my little friend here poor
she heading off to a new home
kitties kitten with sleek and shiny
furry hair there's a kitten huh it's a
mousy it's a kitten all the teddy bears
in the wash the paper is in the wash
there's the goldfish and the cat is
eating the mouse hopefully not the
goldfish no oh no it's the scary dogs
the scary dogs in your case it's the
scary cats would you still do the
opposite way around disappointing so
maybe I got strawberry stains on her
pants these really cute mustard ones and
I used the vanish oxy-powder stuff
vanish oxy action fabric stain remover
and I used like one whole scoop of it it
follows the instructions on the back and
everything and it didn't work so that
would be sucks
look at your duties oh my goodness I
don't know you guys can see uh-huh when
your mouth please
nope but the two side ones are coming
down I feel your mess look at you
mommy's having her coffee and writing
her to-do list to do it I always think
it looks very funny though cause poop is
one of them but it doesn't actually mean
take a poop it means clean up the poop
outside what a fitting song Hey
oh I love this tone great fittings
spitting so I'm gonna watch the car here
probably the last time folks
you had it my little friend here poor
she heading off to a new home
do you remember when I when I bought
this it was like I don't know I think
I'm gonna like panicked a little bit and
I was like oh my god I have a baby I
need a giant SUV but I was like I don't
want an SUV you know I don't wanna I
really didn't want to have an SUV I just
I read it I didn't want it like a big
huge Jeep car you know I wanted a small
sports car you know cuz that's more what
I'm interested in not interested in a
giant SUV the way I like the way I
figured that where Ana was like I was
like she's you know I was like
practicality and sports car ish so we
ended up finding the Porsche Cayenne and
I was like oh my god Porsche Cayenne
perfect you got to like speed in front
of a Porsche but then you have like you
know the space and practicality of like
an SUV just over the period of having it
here I just I never want to drive an SUV
and then I noticed how do we need an SUV
that much I found a car I bought a car a
few days ago that's what I was talking
about a few days ago cuz I actually just
bought it and I'm gonna pick it up in a
couple of days just getting ready for me
and but I tried watch the car watch the
porch for the last time here because I
have enjoyed I've really enjoyed this
beautiful the Cayenne like if you're
ever thinking of buying a Porsche
Cayenne it's it's a beautiful car the
drive so well it sounds all the v6 whoa
it sounds beautifully like I'm not gonna
tell you what it is though alright
alright just refunds these just for
funsies that's not let me not reveal
what it is pick it up in a couple of
days and maybe I'll just see if you guys
can figure out what it is you know but
I'm really excited for it I'm really
excited I'm really excited but uh let's
go wash let's go wash our friend so
media mami and Cena see me
don't hang here with us you can't if you
want to so everybody else is outside so
I thought see and I could come up with
us due to come in come on we can hang
out what are we worried today princess
have a lot of options here I've done are
we ready
you know what John oh this is John Oh
her friend her Dublin pal and it was
like three I think that's three girls
that have come to like almost every meet
up and they're so nice and they live in
Dublin and I remember when they gave it
to us because they were like he's name
is John oh and it was at the Dublin the
last Dublin Meetup and Emilia wasn't
even born yet and there she's playing
with it
so cool I'm wearing like the typical mom
I call this my mom outfit like look at
this outfit it's so funny oh my god my
hair is a mess so I'm wearing mom jeans
or well these are actually boyfriend
jeans and then I'm wearing my boob top
that just a tank top and then I just
have on this cardigan like a gray or
navy cardigan and then these shoes are
like so comfortable they're from love
clothing but they're like stripy they're
like um what you call them
Tom's yeah Tom's that's what they're
like but they're really comfortable and
like this whole entire outfit is so
casual what are you doing I'm just
rocking him back and forth it's so
comfortable and casual but it's like
such typical mom outfit oh my goodness
and you guys live in Oklahoma
so weirdest I think it's at Oklahoma
some big a tornado
oh goodness hope you guys are all okay
but I'm not you know why because look I
just want to go goes and I got the cream
cheese bagel or the ghost cheese bagel
for Anna and the chicken bop I can get
chicken BAP I have too far away they
have to go back and I was like oh my
goodness and then I check my receipt I
actually only paid for Anna's I said
both of them no and she were beaten come
back and she I heard her saying
something to somebody about it also I
got Anna some lunch and I got no that is
so unfair so usually around this time is
when I put him in he got down for a
little nap and I usually feed her you
know I give her like a mid morning or
like a late morning and kind of feed and
then after she's dressed and everything
and then I'll put her down for a little
nap and usually before like she would be
conked out and she'd sleep until she
wakes up for her lunch well this is not
a skeevy baby you ever go to Sorrento
this is where you have to eat food look
properly toe toe it is like the best
food in the world ever
well it's the best mozzarella so I get
tuna and I get the lovely goats cheese
basil what you got here friend
what are you are here tomato face look
at her face
yeah you've got a tomato we got a full
tomato in there
he's a punk tomato in there yeah and
you're gonna stuff in more Tomatoes are
you
can you change it you know so funny when
you get excited nothing's an entire
tomato there what are you gonna do that
tomato you gonna winch it you get a
widget into the Falls everyone who does
it hmm don't forget to get the chicken
Chacon Ian said chick-chick doom
chick-chick Carnehan when the cheese oh
good no look we've with the toy back a
because it's so sunny what's going on
what's going on yeah there's trigger
them in there what you be ain't gay it's
true Univ in there Oh for now you want
to go into being gay causing trouble oh
yeah somebody just had some mango mangu
we want some more nuts and more I think
you're finished though right I didn't
want to lose the plate there because I
was afraid she was gonna tip it over and
all the mango was gonna go everywhere
huh yeah look at all these tomato seeds
uh-oh your pants are soaked in mango and
tomato okay I think we're done here
right my friend my friend did he go
he's clearly told us it's such a lovely
evening he's so like funny in some way
it's sorry let me give you a summary of
the summer you're funny you're funny huh
and it's inside I just finished editing
on the makeup video we recorded like
seven years ago
I think you like took like a week off
both channels cuz it's like it gets
really stressful when you're trying to
do all of it and it's like sometimes you
like burnouts we're like the sick of
week off the you know video as well I
was at the blogs every day and then um
we'll check back so now we're reporting
to finish it so I just editing the video
up I think it's a spring makeup or
something like that she's at inside in
there vo here we Pinkle toes to look at
the size in my foot to your foot oh
goodness
hmm goodness me I don't have like long
feet I've got like fat feet you know I
take a size like 11 or 12 but not
because they're long okay look they're
like fat on the side like fat feeding
fat feet become a do you have fat feet
or long feet or do you short feet
our skinny feet oh yeah get up short and
skinny feet you could have sure what do
you have a B it's a look yeah you have
sort of round e pause I don't need pause
for the years like yours are like dads
what's up buddy
was making some ciccone
gotta go with some sweet and sour video
is rendering now should be up happen
even have a watch on 10 freckle look at
me look what you freckles I have it so
funny do you have freckles give me
comedy put the like button if you're if
you're in a freckle for Tullius or you
could just press it while you're while
you're sitting here for killer Liam I am
from frontier Liam I speak securely I am
from Fotolia and I am alright
who knows look at this look at this
carry on in here go get them zombies no
one in there and then two of them were
like a big tank is nothing there's
obviously someone in there and then
Wegener they love it like in there Co
and Nevaeh have like I've always put
together nothing and seen it jump in and
I tears well I know they are Palestina
Xena
your pals right side is like a tree big
ones and then it's the tree little when
she's like sleep all day
are you a little in there big one who
wants some sweet and sour sweet and sour
for Amelia what's your name no you're
Amelia not mama oh you're looking
forward to this one yeah let's leave it
there for a minute to cool down that's
actually push it all the way over here
in case you steal it steelies hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Sakuni Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
