Wow
push your problem my friend
fun game ball game
hello hello my friend
well giggler huh with a little giggler
huh you jiggly jiggly who are back in
town and Jonathan is looking for a fake
time Wow Brown DIY it makes you wink as
well no god no so my friends told me
about this Rockstar town that's like a
wash off instant one I've never used a
mineral time before like this you can
get it for your face - okay so I think
I'm gonna get the instant one don't
think I might get this one
- those gradual ones cuz that's kind of
what I'm used to from last year so make
it about you so if there is no line of
bucker
out there why's that we just met your
parents in Douglas and he said did you
watch her show every single day and you
test them a better Joey thanks for
watching Ayanna oh and your parents out
so many media and you didn't know should
be hardly to buying a present for
someone at a wedding as we're like you
know some people like Oh
like my sister was like oh just give us
like vouchers or something like that I
feel like that would you say like you
know I know then she can just get
whatever she wants but I feel like if
it's like a number or something on it
you know it's kind of like I don't know
presents are like I feel more like
personal or they feel more like there's
more effort in or something I yeah so I
just write my oldest and scenario I was
like you know so I think we're gonna go
with the president even though Leo
probably like what if I get a gift
receipt I suppose it's the same yeah
about her I work just maybe she gets
that she wants you know Amelia is
helping greatly here she's really
involved in there in the process of
course I'm here just picking things for
herself all the time
she's like in our house but this is
ability at our house home sweet home
where's the lamp is that the one with
this lamp that sign so I've come up with
a plan that may or may not worth it what
do you want what do you want huh you're
a camera crazy your camera Gaeta Z put
me in this by my dad so we're going to
take a shedload of chilli sauce I'm
gonna put it into the tuna here I can
rock it we have a toasted bagel over
here munch it down and see how we feel
cheap tomato seeds on your elbow you're
funny girl anyway so I got this okay
though rock star town fame instant
mineral town for an instant impact okay
so I got that and then this entourage
gradual attend the perfect accessory
it's got all like organic and natural
ingredients and I mean my friend uses it
and she said it's really good and then I
got this no streaks exfoliating gloves
and
applicator mitt for the instant stuff
and then I was totally like and bought
in by the packaging of this I'm like the
worst I feel like I'm like a marketer's
dream because I just go in and I'm just
totally sold on like packaging and stuff
like that and this was like bright pink
their marketing was actually really good
because it was very like look at me and
they had like Twitter and YouTube and
all that not always kind of makes me
look at things because I think it's
Irish is it maybe it's not Irish anyways
either way you only see that a lot in
Ireland it's not like very it's we're
kind of still open coming with our
social media so I think that's kind of
what drew me in but I got the sleep in
rollers I've never used rollers before
in my life but people keep telling me
with the shorter hair that I should so I
don't know I honestly I've never used
them and I have no idea what I'm doing
but they're pink and they look cute so
that's such an idiot I read you just be
like I don't know handcuffed or
something when um when shopping because
I I can't trust no you can't trust me I
could just go crazy is it I suppose you
look like gonna do dogs look at cute you
are
oh my goodness peppa pig hoodie a little
scarf and a little hat look so cute look
at you you look at me you look at me
here when I'm talking to you who the
only latina cries Cena
team Cena's gone first we get to go
twice friend we get to go twice
cuz it's twice as nice whoo can we train
Zeta buddies
only trying to you about your ovens
where are they all right that's not a
bunny that's a Maltese
my scene is I see these mommy mommy is
mommy here now can you see your friends
we're letting me off yeah okay bye so
that's two ever being bold enough oh
that's right oh there you go we are
leaving him off like that's not too
scary you still have kind of controlling
them somewhat of control footage I just
read a comment on the blog the blog is
my life with some was like with the red
jacket and the aviator sunglasses you
look like Michael Jackson and I was like
you know what it is kind of Michael
Jackson isn't it the hell is that you
the darkies you see your turkey friends
you see your naughty friends eels like
my parking job huh right here the second
guy gang number two
oh yeah because he's happy oh sorry
about that
friend hmm we all took the hit looking
to give all slice and fold our fish
cakes and I love scuba rights or go to
bars to make our little baby special
fish cakes YUM what are they special
fish cakes were they like lying or
something that memory I know I made it
but I remember what I did I was an
autopilot autopilot cook Roger all right
what happened always happened we're
feeding you some dessert and you grab
and what's in here what's in here give
it to me I know it's in here I know it's
in here give it to me
she's got it mixed egg plunge with her
dessert and there's like where's the
eggplant I know it's in there she just
like took a handful of eggplant in the
middle of desert next I'll like freaking
ahead of it
give me the eggplant oh my god all your
teeth yeah
I got it I know okay back to yogurt I'm
Captain Jack Sparrow CB oh look at you
pretty fast now I put you soup we're
close to it okay so you have to crawl to
your friends all right but I know you're
gonna go backwards you do hey you wait
there
now I'm warning you if there are socks
taking off and your girl you left them
on hey hmm
you ready to go down okay I'm gonna give
you your milk now it's quite nippy
summit upgrade you want to show
everybody your PJs
it's gonna say good night to say night
night good night good night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
