em speed limit over dinner
sitter knows just at the Cornwall over
and I was a baby
oh my god I'm so excited
hi hi so I just got a media's whole
outfit together for the wedding and it's
so cute look at that oh my god
so tear gas for the liccardi and her
tights
whoops did you fall over
did you fall over don't bump your head
like that don't bump your head like that
okay so we're trying to figure out where
to put this where to hang it I like that
Jonathan don't trip what do you think
Brent can you find your name aren't
where you you're the top
Daniella's help I'm tacked on with
Albion see ya yank enemy Alec oh yeah
connected
I like this May one is the first one you
read it silly day no man you wanna work
three as you don't know the hey one a
gator spotting this one yeah it's nice
you know the way you just did it and the
walls yeah animal I think that's nice
there yeah it is nice craft has crafted
arteries yeah get your own one I think
they're so cool like I would get that
for somebody like if they just had a
baby or something yeah I bet you can
change part of the backgrounds and stuff
yeah any background on animate oh who
the me baby who is a funny baby so
we change at the dogs food there a while
ago we like tried them out with a
different food they don't like it at all
they are like on sort of a hunger strike
protest about it so I noticed I was like
oh my god no one is eating this food
it's been two days and they're just kind
of like nibbling there to get a lot of
food off Emilia and stuff and scraps so
you know it's not like they actually
have nothing but I was like right look
I'll go ahead to the pad stop and I'll
get the one that they actually like are
not pets up max is you you know the
it's called the one that they actually
like because I feel sorry for them
they're just kind of like just like
looking at sniffing me like no no thanks
dad I'd rather go hungry than eat that
which is like oh boy it's the Layton's
brand is the one that they won't eat so
I'm like what's a ballet terms but I'm
anyway I was just a you Steidle items
actually you know you should always get
the latest because it was convenient and
then we changed up to the yeah what I
call that you know the Maxie's you use
their own label gold something or other
but I yeah so I thought I'd knit that
and get them so so I'm in my cupcake
room and I'm just kind of putting a box
together for a friend of mine because I
have so much stuff that I get from like
between like companies sending me stuff
and glossy boxes and just so much stuff
goes unused okay I've got these dr. jart
or whatever it's called yard chart BB
Creams I never used them I never use
this really the jelly pong pong the road
dial the lashes that I get um I never
used this little nailing the brow bar
there's just tons and tons of like both
makeup and skincare items in there that
I never ever use no just sitting in my
room and it's just like ridiculous so
I'm making up a glossy box this is the
Tingler it's been like this for like two
days
no one has touched any of it well I just
registered in a bin yeah yeah and then
with that but this one out this isn't
set goal that's what it's called idols
and here's the chicken and turkey one
alright I know are probably much cuz
they probably haven't eaten it'll hit
you guys oh no Katie oh the food's
coming back the good foods coming back
Coco Pops sighs actually stuff
caffeine is on the go
Rose toasted while being toasted
mascarpone yum-yum
there you go your highness punch is
terrible
oh god sorry your highness please don't
execute me I have literally been sitting
here all day waiting on this 16 of 22
stupid Gran Turismo 5 22 updates and
have been like a gig most of its be like
a gig actually has it's been about 4
hours ago I came home and took that this
kid I'm like oh why hmm
what are you doing in there what's going
on in there what's going on here why is
everyone going crazy oh that's why okay
there's something sitting like hi just
halfway down so they can guess oh hey
doma
to get your hand back don't let them
steal your hand would you like a tomato
would you guy go tomorrow or 5 6 7 & 8
no way yeah you can actually look at the
difference between that one and that one
is more like a person what about here
like three two and one no that's what
I'm trying to do but it's so annoying on
Prince prama to go like we do take quite
a lot of pictures though Seymour Seymour
butts by the time by the time you get to
the end yeah sometimes you run out cuz
you've taken like 24 shots so then your
order and then you start all over
it's so annoying it's so cool though he
looked look look
no teeth little bits of white delivered
to white big teeth goofy goober that was
taken Lake few days ago yeah
just turned eight months still waiting
friend where are we up to now 19 or 20
200 come along come along Mr Bond come
along James pond this big game I think I
had on my amiga governor Amiga 64 sure
when you were being born
you probably don't even watch the video
someday and you can experience your own
birth that's kind of cool
the camera was flashing the battery was
flashing battery was dying it was dead
it was flashing was like it was about to
turn off and I was just sitting in our
life oh my goodness what am I going to
do like I could like I knew I had I
bought like three or four batteries with
me but they were in my bag which was
like right behind me and I was like I
can go and grab the battery and if the
bag and switch it over but I might miss
the birth or I could stay here holding
out his hand but the camera might turn
off and I might miss the birth and I was
like oh my god so as you're sitting
there as they were pulling you out right
and the cab rule I was like flashing I
was like oh my god this is the bed to
turn off and they got it though quick TR
we got the code remember cuz you seen
like there was one take like they cut
the umbilical cord and then everything
and then the camera just died and I
jumped back swept the car never came
back and no no one notice that even
nothing says I'm like so jima noticing
should know and it's like oh my god
could you imagine we want to miss your
birthday you would have but it's okay
okay it is on the grass hey guys
hi do you think it's safe to call my
slippers it's not wet
no no rain this bitch hi you having a
picnic mm-hmm no canoe v's lost her bowl
Bianca Bianca Bianca what's he doing
she was digging oh I know he's your hair
you need your bow you'll be you think it
is though it's grass it's really weird
it's really weird mung what did I do
hi Albie ah he's hiding over here with
me yeah yeah she's so cute well you know
the caterpillar
oh sure it he almost made friends of the
caterpillar hey short well it's like a
crop top oh my goodness oh my goodness
it happened what what oh no no no it's
got to keep going we did it we did a
friend
OOP 100 100 Hey
ah see the front only has like the
smallest a little bit of grass why'd you
always forget to do it I have to like
sweep it all up afterwards
nice and neat and clean ah my job friend
we're gonna need to I'm so nervous of
like furniture there you go and things
falling over it's so dangerous so I
think we're gonna get the TV
did up there and then move that picture
somewhere else just because and this is
rotting away anyways because the puppies
when you were younger they chewed on
that you see so I think we're gonna have
to dump that which is kind of a pity
because I actually like it and Jonathan
sanded it and stuff and it did work like
on this one but I mean it's like wasting
away because it really was chewed a lot
because it's right next to their bags
that's the problem with dogs
well not dogs puppies they're over it
now but they kind of did the damage so I
think we're probably gonna get rid of it
but it is nice but maybe we'll get a
nicer thing instead um we got that when
we were in like Middleton I think during
the time when we first when we got
married I think but yeah so I think
we're gonna man that and then it's just
safer because if that TV fell um you
mischief-maker
huh Anna and Amelia I've gone off to a
friend says boys not now we're playing a
game that took seven million years well
to the blogs is my life not just my life
guys it's additive look yay before the
comments hey man hey doodle pumpkin
thanks for sharing - you're welcome
hey Melissa B hey mumsy No thank you
very much
hey our shear or um oh good grief - tur
d'oeuvre or a salve or Lefroy that's
that's uh that's the name and a half
let's have a look here making some
dinner
look at this chunks of broccoli mmm good
for you but oh but let's make up where
we're gonna drench it in Cormac woo
what's that friend what's that friend
you eating in Miniver mom
who more school how's that feel as I
taste loves it loves to veg dump dump
dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump
and bread and bread and bread talking
back garlic and coriander red my breath
it's so tasty nan red with Jake and
Korman bump bump bump up or a Pittsburgh
burnt your bit over there who's ready
for their first korma hmm you can start
with the naan bread oh you already have
my bread
what are you can have another naan bread
okay you ready
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum firstly yes we are
watching your own clock secondly some
speed limit over dinner sit her nose
just get the corn ball over a nose she
have a playdate I know I know I know
look at her hands still nice like an
unwritten behind oh it's little
afternoon with your friends great and
everything with toys well wanna meet
with any toys Khan look at her go
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
