mm-hmm you got the hiccups at the same
time she got the hiccups
and she's like bad you're like a drunk
you're drunk on milk
so this morning nvidia is having the
same breakfast is mommy she's having
some curry and banana she didn't have
any cinnamon although she could have if
I didn't add it and I put I made it with
Kara's milk well she needs me go stop
bullying I'll be their fairy manger I'll
be someplace not right I'll be Nevaeh oh
my god Nevaeh is obsessed
look at her look with her look at her
Nevaeh anyways so I did it with Kara's
milk because she needs Cara's mother at
the moment and you're not supposed to
give them nuts although I do think
almond milk is probably okay
it's like not actual nuts you know but
um I don't know I didn't want to risk it
but she liked it she probably won't have
any more now because she had a few
spoonfuls and I didn't want to film
earlier because she gets all like
excited when the cameras on that's my
good girl
you should have seen her last night oh
look you knew exactly what to do good
girl last night she just picked off the
spoon it was so funny it was like
without anybody even know we didn't
notice but um and then give it to me
guys anyways um she just like out of
nowhere picked up the spoon like scooped
up some of the straw or their dessert
and put it into her mouth like without
even like and you think what what I'm
liking okay guys give me that spoon
where is it done somebody took it into a
bed hey we've only caught one sock on
you're the one that's here but it's kind
of wet yeah our new thing is taking off
your sauce and then like smashing them
into whatever Casey
I think I'm gonna put her in one up her
new outfit cuz they just all got wash
but they're downstairs so let's go all
right did I show you guys that it's
actually quite cool it's like it's like
a bouquet but it's made out of wood
that's actually all wood it's so good
the label's sword look TK Maxx I
predicted labor Oh nope you will never
know except for you also I might be
going to expose a live next week okay so
I really like this effort I think this
looks huge though this looks absolutely
massive
there's no just this yeah not sure maybe
we'll just stick with the pants see the
pants are like those little cropped kind
of ones I don't know we'll see we'll see
I might do this it might be it might be
cute so we're gonna do that and then
Jonathan wants to put her in this
tonight see this was the ladybird PJ's
that we got so yeah okay I think I'm
gonna put her in these I think that will
work it and then I'm gonna have to fold
those later and look we caught some post
yay and it wasn't shredded okay Carolyn
oh my goodness you look so cute not a
bit
well hello there friends I love your
jumper I love your jumper huh they're
meant to be cropped by the way that's
why they're like short and look like a
toe I know I thought that would be big
it's not like the sleeves are long but
it's actually not big it's like it fits
her you know go for a drive
do you like the yellow yeah yeah thank
you that was really good on it
organist is actually there's a
conspiracy with the newspapers right so
we just got the newspaper dropped off
right it's Friday
look what's inside us pizza we're
delivering Friday morning paper slip in
the pizza party Friday night no it's him
it's him and hurt those two they're in
cahoots the Packers are you ready for
something epic check that at hand-made
was so cute oh it's very like so hurt is
it like an acci shopper facebook.com/
love a boot design facebook.com/ another
design it's in the UK but I've seen her
stuff I think she showed me or she
tweeted me a link something she like
French makes like little dresses and
things that is so cool isn't it but she
did just like and look how light it is
you know on the beaches in Sorrento
himself that's what you're like yeah oh
my god it's so cute it's so cool
we're parked at Brandon corner from the
PIO box because there's no staff there
and then I can access the actual box you
know but I can't get any packages so I
was like oh like I'll be half an hour so
I'm just waiting right in the corner at
this funny building with like blue
lights blue lights blue windows
set it cheat ourselves cuz it's Friday
let's go goes food is in the oven
now we must wait we got an Instagram
Instagram prints we have double tip like
like like it's so good he's like oh the
quality of the photos from Instagram
like you need to frame this their only
family picture it serves the it actually
like forget learning how to take
photography and forget everything you've
ever learned just get Instagram on an
iPhone take photos are just amazing run
D :
enjoy it's really funny all of these all
of these are the endings to episodes of
our vlogs like every single one of these
already a physically this is what I
always use at the end of every episode
these are so cool I had this cool idea
though to get loads of them and I'm
putting the another thing I did for
Anna's birthday
the framed picture where you know all
the pictures of Anna and then the main
big when I was like we should totally
that for Amelia who looks so cool you
know okay I don't have a lot of check
this air this is an appeal box when I
was like gee I wonder where I came from
my body okay play I have no idea what
this is but I'm like it's definitely
from YouTube what's not funny just
waiting for some bums just waiting for
some no moms that's all what is that
Baby Gap Baby Gap
I'm sorry Armenia I go over and give her
some attention no no no no peeking back
at my car thanks back in Tyra yes we
work in the kids in baby section at Gap
an Oxford Oxford UK don't know they seem
so Oxford Street oh maybe I missed you
yeah oh it's so cute
that's perfect they're like more the
nest for the next 12 to 18 yeah you know
state work than the kids started
probably no huh
don't bite him pretty age they're at a
soft there and the box and everything
no it's a lovely presentation you got
ten out of ten for presentation and they
even put the elephants on the actual
thing there why is that Baby Gap or
something is that you can you tort you
for the other oh my god oh my god Oh
Joran pizza oh my god it looks like open
up what are we but I think a doctor girl
I think is like that oh my god
this is the best thing stop holy crap
cupcake icing easy swirl soft shimmer
pearls Wow stop I'm sorry excited I'm
excited
that's way better than makeup go go
special you go BAM boys would you do
that's the choice of the new generation
if you got the hiccups at the same time
she's got the hiccups
and she's like bad back you're like a
drunk you're drunk on milk yum yum let's
see what our friends she currently your
masa a hundred thousand YouTube
subscribers accept our congratulations
is custom YouTube award in addition to a
virtual gift card and production
equipment upgrade we provided earlier
yeah we forgot to do that so we never
got their chairs right Marcus the genius
trying to figure it out observe yeah
give me I need to Oh smells smells
plasticky that's actually quite good I
think what tickets yes onset cherry
night it just clicked
is it buckling up my way yeah so it
looks like Amelia's gonna be wearing
this tonight
you talking to me what are you saying
so I'm gonna have to bring these up and
then see if there's more laundry that I
need to do which there probably is
there's always more to do what so funny
wait don't buddy what's so funny
I'm trying to get to Bianca yeah Sun
shines it is nice sunshine lollipop nose
I missed in the pool before we cut the
grass so we don't make poo explosions
kind of busy bee busy bee and that looks
so manic here because it takes a kind of
a couple of go let's put it down and cut
it let it roll and cut it and let it
grow till eventually oh these are
endangered folks don't squash bees I
always get excited when I cook the guys
like to work the old UK apprentice oh
he's so cute he's so cute
excited for this little package ISM
altar - yummy YUM
hey buddy hey buddy hey buddy huh you
like a little ladybird ladybird oh yeah
feel like your ladybird feet it's like a
Halloween costume
that's so cool this should be her house
I picked up only the finest clothes only
the finest clothes for you so special
thank you and you weren't even gonna get
this
you don't even gonna get this you said
to me was stupid every day doesn't
matter we just take the hat off and it's
normal
he's got the little buddy the blue hot
is hilarious oh my goodness
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because now
