you're aware yesterday we were talking
about lemon ah
which is pulley pleased to meet you
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo did it it it it it
it it okay
another successful pesco home delivery I
must say I'm really enjoying it except
this time I got him take the crates last
time I left the crates in nm the whole
week long you had like five great and I
was like I'm moving around so I said to
my life do you want to take the crates
then you just quickly dumped everything
off you know I'm trying to have a
conversation my friend get outside get
out that learn from us there's mush when
dog is enough please document freaking
awesome
look sir sighs yeah it's like an Amelia
sighs Apple older and so point is like
two or three bites in this thing like
it's so small quick baby Apple it's a
baby Apple did you want to wave it's
awesome yeah yeah yeah
I was turned away as he is put him in I
was efficient like that hmm
yeah jokey is doing that poo pick up cuz
I did it the last time we tend to like
go away a turn basis time for a project
time for projection all right boys you
gotta help me who wants to help once
help yeah you want to help whoa is this
the biggest thing you've ever seen in
your life
what is it you try to process it
each other process it yeah mom's gonna
make us all lunch today
whoo wouldwould um no something's annoy
so nice and thing you feel so nice the
whole thing unzips isn't it all the way
around I think so yeah wonder do I did I
actually buy enough it seems like
there's quite a lot over here you just
wouldn't really know oh sorry buddy put
right here it's really warm you excited
all right you know watch you gonna help
yeah all right so I just lay them out
and see how long how much I actually got
might help actually I might have had
enough to fill the walls all right let's
get work this stuff was like super
delicate say to be quite careful I think
I'm going to use and I was going to go
with Mason's but I think I might be too
heavy for this smoke of something
lighter
it's--it acting in looks good all right
to here so the wall looks like now we do
comparison when we're done yeah
Oh deal all right what do you think so
far is it look much better it's back
away at this
I think it looks better it's kind of
hard to tell though it only yeah any
sort of part of a done though you know
what am I think it looks good all we
need now is the tropical wetter to go
with it isn't that right guys I didn't
get any important lots of water
I never poured that maybe it's vodka
down it joke joke joke joke joke
its water yeah Oh big buddy drunken mom
oh look at this we got chicken we got
cucumber once theatre what's the big
thing avvocato peppers tomato rocket
that is a collection are you just
getting your hands pre-washed is it is
that the pre-wash I see you're wearing a
raincoat as well look good let's go
inside here it's gonna get a full view I
mean it's really cool yeah you like it
yeah do you like it Emilia is it like
you feel tropical you have got spinach
in America or something you save it up
for later you big chunky cheeks I'll
play with a hammer like they're fighting
over the bamboo
today is one of those days when a midday
coffee is needed
oh that's Ida and of course it's
actually lashing rain Sam as expected
but it looks so good I wonder wonder at
the top be so much better if it came all
the way up yeah exactly exactly just
like it was carry on
typical typical like not a moment too
soon huh but looks good the new map pack
got released for the yeah the place
their call of duty black ops game it's
amazing it's amazing there's actually a
viable ending to the game look you have
to collect all the stuff that is so
awesome
Millia okay so we're just kind of
hanging out here because we're going to
my mom says in like 15 minutes or so but
jofi is playing the playstation um so
mommy and Amelia are hanging out and
we've decided we're gonna open this box
what's in this box Oh what's in it it's
a glossy box hmm
we have an openness yeah yeah it's like
a present
wah-wah-wah-wah the present oke ah okay
I open this wrong
Oh years nope you are you doing huh
you're so small like you you guys
probably can't tell but she's super tiny
I wonder how much you weigh hey it's
five pounds or something she's tiny
she's so cute
yeah look at this huh every tomato in
the world ever created without the
orange ones we got the chocolate
favorite ones the caramel ones huh we're
also gonna have schnitzel schnitzel
group yes
sniffles is that Turkey is it Turkey oh
okay
pork batter egg flour and schnitzel has
to end in oh Alice gets mad
that's mushroom that's not schnitzel
I like to believe it chuckles yeah I
know huh or tomatoes like the video like
tomatoes or if you like a media like the
video me like a media do you all ready
yes turday we're talking about lemon
we're just so happy I have to shout at
the show
ah
ah so how much lemon you give her don't
let her have my phone
what's the yeah what's the allocated
Ament wait wait you just a slice bowl of
lemon makes Amelia go around
oh the late waistband Chris that's right
yeah like it so it's a slice each put in
there okay occurs this one that was when
I was on parole limoncello a Bambino
limoncello are you ready are you ready
for this well on the table for her all
right go for it go for it go for it she
she might Gil Weinberg now don't just
don't say it that bohemian mix you later
what oh you like lemon juice you like it
yeah oh goodness okay you having no
effect whatsoever she's just you get
around 11:00 and shan't have a reaction
at all yeah you actually like it look at
her pushing yourself away I'm supposed
to have the foot there
yeah oh my goodness uh you're a psycho
knee maybe I guess I don't know if I
ever did that I don't know my parents
tortured me like that when I was younger
hmm what are you doing
maybe it's dinnertime is Akane Chinese
take a look at her hair band she's gonna
have a good time I start talking she
starts screaming where's the food are
you doing better
let's go done it yeah like she's a got a
mouthful of pork pork schnitzel
Portsmouth Atlas is what the floor looks
like up yeah I love what you did did a
crazy foot beauty look at the crazy foot
go look at the crazy foot go Amelia tell
me the truth did you have some who gave
it to you who gave that to you oh oh
even mmm-hmm
homemade mascarpone mascarpone see how
is it homemade mascarpone
Oh Oscar see ah would you look at this
now huh she like she'll eat the
strawberries out hey it's like yogurt oh
yeah
what do you think can you do it yeah
let's go let's go friend
grandpa's little chain goes choo choo
choo choo choo choo choo choo choo now
Erica promises me that this light is
turned off we're gonna find out more
wood okay I made it made a sound did it
yeah yeah you see it's gonna get fried
all right hey miss you Oh
hello Nicholas hello you don't you got
him oh yeah I did
here a nickel I got Nicholas from y'all
and you guys live in y'all that's when
it goes up howdy y'all I'm Nicholas from
y'all County y'all hmm hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there would be aa
