you denied yourself friend oh my god
Jonathan it's just I need to leave to
stress hope for me Oh
we mean together I forgive you okay it's
the beard it's Stephan the beer crying
don't you know it's just
she got it's the beard I think look she
loves you like what the hell is going
how about your face dad sorry
kiss the girls amazing guys oh yeah it
is actually
hey oh you want some numbness yeah Oh
picture for my blog no no no no
everything will be okay just from your
presentation of your breakfast like I'm
saying like my never ends up by that
you're more than that it doesn't end up
like that I did on purpose since what a
Wednesday yeah I just don't eat on my
face
now you upset her make her happy again
dad is a gesture she makes you up I
think we're gonna have to take her to
the dentist or something the doctor
because of her tooth but I'm not sure it
looks better now but it was like where
is that oh you're eating paper Oh God
okay that's not good
let me see in your mouth
you got some paper in there there we go
we got it we got it that was stupid mom
should not have given you a little
cardboard box to play with there you can
play with mmm that's pretty much sharp
yeah no we're not gonna give you that
she has her two front teeth now but one
of them is um gonna show
she doesn't want to show um but one of
them is like wonky and it's kind of
loose and I was like panicking earlier
but we looked it up online and
apparently they're like really like
what's that word malleable or like
Malibu I don't know like movable and
kind of um you can actually show the
baby teeth back in there um so that
might be what we need to do I think we
need to take her to the dentist or the
be the doctor we don't know um we're
gonna figure it out so you want to show
your teeth you can kind of see but like
she doesn't want me sure she's not want
me to open her mouth but she doesn't
seem to be any pain in any pain and yeah
mama you look mama okay help white my
legs are like seriously oh York anyways
um so yeah she doesn't seem to be in any
pain so I think it's not an emergency
but I hope she's okay hey you got a slug
in your hair you've got a slug in your
hair you got a slug in your hair oh my
god it's like in there we got a hairy
slug situation let some lunch brand
quince and lunch
alright I'll y'all what's up I want
y'all for some lunch attacking Beth are
going now I know y'all know about her so
a minute ago sun is shining and I was
all like I think I'll finally go put the
bamboo up you know leaves it so
beautifully sunny oh what's that
Oh a tail stoning and storming holy crap
look at all the em fun now I can show
you it without revealing my location I
live inside your computer huh do you
think that for a minute
think that I don't even exist this
doesn't exist this is all inside your
computer or your phone or your TV or
whatever means you do to watch the
Internet imagine we all live all us
youtubers live inside your computer you
know I mean all this we all just like
live squished in there between the
motherboard and the screen or something
like that that's what we all live I'm
coming
look what I brought I brought a trip
trap oh is it below the corner
we've lost it matter damn what's the
rule about tomatoes how long can they
last on the ranch for seconds fine who's
barely one second it comes the Piccolo's
it comes the Piccolo's there is the
piccolo Oh pick a piccolo pick up a
piccolo don't push a person push a
piccolo you find oh that's the one
friend that washy gonna suck all the
juices this is you know we need to hook
her up with some lemon leave on I think
it's like a rite of passage for them
look at you just put it in front in
today suck it or something yeah yeah we
don't know is there ever grapefruits
yeah okay we gotta get some lemon then
totally got a doo da doo - oh that was
undie what yeah what's going on buddy
put the ball
you put the ball down put the ball here
whoo Oh balls gone what I know okay we
need to use the key friend use the key
the door that opens the safe we get the
balls back hmm
now always remember to lock the door a
fuse or devise teo might steal the balls
on you just glaring there oh oh oh oh
good girl go go go go go go oh my
goodness really go go you can't do it I
mean it you almost had it look look look
watch push it Oh what what kind of
sorcery is this none already hey you
guys ready for the most awesome thing
I've ever seen
I'll give you a hint it involves these I
don't think we have like a little one
piece though I think they're all like
full-body ones need to blow these up
then look at the baby back and then fill
it up the big bag filling up the big bat
you excited friend you excited friend
all right which one you want to go away
went the pink one do you want the purple
one or do you want a swim city one we go
to swim city one well if this is this is
an endurance one chlorine resistant I
don't really have any chlorine in the
bat so I know which one I want pick one
pick one pick one pick one each one this
one this one this one well that's a
clear that's a clear indication do you
want to wear this one all right no
problem friend no hat no swim but in
your case we'll make an exception oh
you're so cute
all right we go to pool
alright buddy we're going to put the arm
bands on you that might blow your mind a
little bit but it's good to get it hi
you're so pretty
look at my muscles she's so pretty in a
swimsuit oh did you don't like that I
think it's the arm bandaged yeah okay
hold on I need to take an Instagram for
you
yay you were thinking this to go this is
too cute oh my god chilly papa ready
Melia million like a mommy hi papa
you ready friend you ready Amelia
welcome to the big bag sir curious that
maybe your man's a bit too much yeah
what's going on let go a little bit more
okay you re teeth look normal now hmm
thank God stressful day on the day of
the toots she's so cute let go a little
more no taunting that's too much
I teach children to swim all right I
know what I'm doing I got I know that's
why you didn't teach them it what she's
gonna drown like be careful mm-hmm
Jonathan's going what do you want it you
do that yourself right uncle Jonathan
it's just me to Eve to stir his poop for
me
oh that's a yeast I would do like but
then all the parents would always sit on
the side and we always just ask them to
leave if you're trying to do this I am
because it's important she has to have
no fear okay we can I said watch movie
now you're such a good girl it's you
it's you don't poke yourself in the eye
yeah and careful with time you might
panic a bit now and put her face under
what don't worry I'm a trained
professional I'm a trained professional
Aki's oh my god is a shark in the water
Jonathan Catherine it's okay okay she's
okay
drink some of the water you drink some
of the water yeah okay okay you've got
some water in your mouth all right yeah
let's go back again oh it's okay yeah I
think that was her trying to do it like
trying to go back in cuz it's all about
you know your first fear you know she
can develop a fear of it you can hear
you over there we are so many wonderful
doggies oh wait a second wait a second
you're just wanting a gang I am just
hanging about because they're all just
like walking around she was like in the
middle of the gang you have left the
confines you have left this
not licking contest you have left got
your bell to leave the confines are you
ready for the floor are you ready
you're only being led the floor on
Mondays after the clearness yeah and
that'll be a hit the other hand they're
going do it do it do it
express it oh oh now you're just nature
now you're just kind of flying whoa and
so bright Frant when I stay here
look she's a little Valley to pop up
Ganga Navy hi buddy
let's go and get some tasty food we
decided to go to this place here and
we're gonna go fishing for dinner no
we're not we're going to eat time yeah
Jim is a gap so it's Castle you guys
took a castle is it a castle Axl careful
asthma oh do you funny way
whoo there's a castle now nice nice I
was almost gonna bite at once oh no wait
that was a dream that was when I sacked
King's Landing myself and Khaleesi and a
couple of dragons huh she's saying mama
and her little toes are going I know
she's crazy she's crazy on her mama but
she does it when she's upset I know we
just got for me you enjoying your first
piccata there your first book catcher
ever is it yummy with your egg it is it
good you wanna share gonna share with
your friends hey Dean so this one she's
not giving away no she's not you love it
huh
before god jack yeah she's so cute you
look oh gosh
huh oh you are just the cutest aren't
you nice little like a Pete almost yeah
it's kind of like a pizza we're gonna be
plenty of achacha in sorrento hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
