girl media
everyone sad day today guys woke up no
I'm one to milk it's plenty of the old
cow's milk the moo cow milk but I want
to vomit in Guam and it was nuts get it
with notes
so I hate y'all I hate than happen see I
be drinking black coffee for so long
that it's been a long time I remember a
couple of years back I used to put a
little bit of milk to my coffee and I
wake up sometimes have no milk and
you're like ah it'd be like the end of
the world you feel like again just go
back to bed wake up tomorrow maybe the
milk will come but now now I'm
codependent from milk but now I've
become dependent once more that's
already porridge look how cute anemia is
watching Peppa Pig with Peppa Pig is she
watching with you when I took it out of
the toy box she was like oh my god so
cute oh I don't have any makeup on
because we're filming and makeups turn
out today morning but unlike my skin is
actually looking a little bit better but
it's quite right panic so with just the
stuff that I used to use for my spots
and acne and you can't really get it
here any more
so I asked her for like what was the
kind of most similar and she recommended
this stuff called Quinto germ or Quinn
Quinn o Durham I think it's called and
it's with benzoyl peroxide which is the
main ingredient in panic so which clears
off your spots so I was like okay I'm
gonna try that and we were talking about
I told her that I used to use the 5
percent whatever anyways I went home I
started putting it on she said she gave
me the 5 percent and it was like the
exact same thing pretty much and I
started putting it on I started using it
and it was like Reese or on my face like
it felt really really painful like
stinging but then I'd moisturize a lot
to kind of compensate like it does work
it definitely does work it dries out
what it does is it dried out your skin
so that I can't produce oil and it can't
produce spots I looked at it's like this
is pretty painful like the Pens what
peroxide didn't make me feel this like
in pain I looked at it it was 10% so it
was a much stronger it has
10% like benzoyl peroxide instead of 5%
or whatever I'm not a chemist or a
pharmacist I don't really know how it
works but that's like my basic
understanding of it so it's like way too
strong for my skin because I don't have
like severe acne I just have I have acne
but I don't have a link it really severe
and 10% is like for when you have it
really pretty bad like I've never used
that because I've always been told
that's way too strong for my skin and it
would totally dry it out
we got the milk we got the milk yeah
yeah well yeah we got soggy shreddies
and banana what is one name oh my God
look at you man together hey buddy smile
for me like they get less and less my
marriage it oh my goodness
it does change our face isn't it about
that one on the side dares come fully
down no yeah cuz I was walking through a
shopping center yesterday and Jonathan
was like oh be wearing to your back is
gonna start hurting now my back does I
mean obviously after a while I was like
yeah I was like it's okay cuz she's on
my hip and he's like what are you
talking about cuz I'm older man yeah I
never realized obviously why women or go
fight that way cute but that's obviously
why women are designed that way probably
I mean I know the hips are for
childbearing but then also like for
whole obviously because back in you know
back in the olden days women would have
to
oh my god guess what we're going to
Peppa Pig world Sunday we looked it up
online
jeez your teeth no kind of bloody use
Louise
hello a media wave George
it is so sunny it's so sunny friend
we're going to have a look
Douglas you can probably actually see
the whole town from over here possibly
or there's absolutely nothing
oh not really anything too exciting sir
might see you ready you ready for a
scone I'm going to eat part of your star
ages in the post office and disoriented
by these these like dog licenses that
they have one for each of the town he
was like six dogs be together six times
you could buy it online but it wasn't
working baby on an escalator
yeah I'm funny what do we got here what
you got like rice or something try to
eat and whatever it is
oh it's probably raising our raisins as
I hear okay let's go Wow okay girl
you're just getting your picture taken
okay good girl Amelia
unfortunately immediate wasn't like
we're in her head but she wasn't aware
the hair buns
no headphones allowed in the passport
friends yeah you're gonna have a party
you can travel the world
yeah that's what I thought it's gonna
have to hold her against the wall yeah
so one of my friends told me about this
baby
oh factor 50 yeah sunscreen and it got
offer I think a 20 chooses like 21 euros
but it's on Osment right now for like a
big pack for the same price or no funny
for the same price or something like
that I can't find it anywhere
no one guy does this bring back memories
that look sure the pregnant care to
Tommy Boy I know he's strange happenings
yeah remember though afterwards it's
strange because it you would think it
was easier well let me just check the
Sun section although I did already
I'm gonna check this out front section
look at her media she doesn't even look
at camellia she looks so grumpy who the
flash I found it um I'm trying to get
I'm trying to decide whether I should
get the spray or the cream what you guys
think what do you hear for kicks I feel
like a spray would be easier to like
just really pay for area but then is a
cream more what is type dating into pain
is great
I don't know I'm screaming her up with
moisturizer I know but it's not yeah I
don't want to quick on the go yeah
the goodies check these bad boys out
right we got a shot at ease and Mama's
stylers a while ago what's that make
what's that made with this for this good
heavens
good heavens good
is it good heavens mmm viola a low-fat
strawberry Oh
click the Twitter link oh it's broken
the links not working the links not
working buddy why you got food on your
forehead make it a bee gang baby look at
a wedge game is a regular thing sorry
sorry I know there you go buddy
we've created a monster oh yeah cuz you
remember I was bit more edgy you noticed
she was looking directly at the camera
but the girl
trying to make the picture was trying to
get her to look at her camera but
immediat was like looking at the blog or
like event they are birth Oh Bianca
Bianca come stai theater gaydar what's
you good oh you have there
I think you mind god I think you might
have got it - you think you've already
got it oh it's got some ropes got
somewhere else
oh goodness i'll be i'll be i'll be
bonus nothing are there no bigger i'm so
haven't asked enough free-range eggs
panini ve bony booty vase not little fun
mummy head mummy heads all right
how many of these one each is it one two
three maybe another one maybe another
few a couple more that should probably
do it dishes let's renew it sing her new
excited think good that is HUGE HUGE
thanks Joe few jokes we're the best
business party and party and party yeah
party and party your party yeah you
blowing you making parts you making fart
noises I'm just toying with your friend
I'm just toying with your friend
where you going leaving me you leaving
me I gotta go make the bad friend I
gotta go set the bathtub hey you know no
one wants it unless you want to set the
backup right and I'll stay here and then
to crawl what do you think is that a
deal - wish me have a gentlemen's
agreement can we have a gentleman's
agreement okay friend
seriously you moved across the whole
room while I was gone I'm gonna leave
this here I don't know but whatever I
leave it here like this all right
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
this video because there will be
