Wow it's a serious it's a serious
situation what we've got a poo foot I'm
gonna poo fight we got a poopy flush is
that normal
they never know what to do
good morning good we've just lost Ken
breaking news
ken has just been lost to the world
oh hello Ken
Oh Ned wardo I have a very important
question to ask you hold on Ken
Eduardo have you eaten any chocolate
this morning no no chocolate at all you
wouldn't tell a lie would you less you
see with our new toys what here its
watch oh oh is that Ken's wife okay look
I'm having waffles with agave and
blueberry what Hannah's over there
making my coffee which is funny because
we were watching lots of old Saucony
Tony this morning and I said remember
what I said I came down in the morning
and I was like I'm just gonna have a
coffee now and I went under comes and
she's gonna make my porridge our lives
are so simple it's funny like when you
watch your life actually immediately
there you are in a baby do you like
watching old logs in your baby keen yeah
yeah it's crazy just say when you got
lots of kids and then you realize you
know everything everything is different
now you know what we think about or
motivated by everything we have if you
think my movie my rice
it's white-handed oh it's playin you're
new you're living this life now and then
you look back to our life when we just
had a baby our first baby in as I find
it so different I think like it's better
now would you agree yeah I think life is
better now you know you've seen it all
to me they just did some Polaroids wait
wait let it focus okay
you have to hold on so the first one we
have to hold it up so the camera can see
it wait there we go so that's daddy at
work busy at work oh and then we did
mommy's one looking fabulous as always
and then a little Amelia one and then we
run out of film though so he wanted was
to get there is some sore because yeah I
can't remember what we did with the
Polaroids but we did bye oh it was
daddy's film I had to buy Polaroids for
continuity so there is definitely
Eduardo and the doggy generation and
that will be that will be all of them
then we've got them all if we haven't
find them today then tomorrow I'll show
you all the other fan pictures - very
exciting all right it's the night it's
the daytime of the night it's all right
so Alessia has gone a god just gone away
with herself and grown up even more this
is Halloween stuff for this year I am
wearing dressing up the banana Brahimi
do the banana dance all right guys look
well I don't know I could be King
Neptune so many of these I could be a
Viking warrior
I could be do the banana dance see this
wig oh that's the guy from the internet
in Tunisia
damn alright anyway anyway what I was
coming down here Chuck Jesus all right
when I was coming in for know a doctor
from Amelia's birthday party that was in
the goodie bags
everyone got a toy this is what we gave
a last trick is an opposing party okay
what hurt you at all did the bot okay
everyone back upstairs please boys and
girls I know anyway I came for this
because Alessia it's gone away with
herself and got even bigger and it's
time guys guys look unless he's getting
a new thing today she's gonna move into
I don't know what this thing is called
like the buggy preemie thing let's go
upstairs let's go get upstairs now
don't guys there's ghosts in there run
run run run get up those stairs right
this instance before you get a kick in
the bum nothing last one up it's not
getting your prize five four three two
one
okay this little sign there's is no
parking beyond this point so how does
another car come and be quick so we're
just gonna try and oh my no the alarms
guys for parts oh let's not go outside
it's full of natales it's fine it's fine
we're gonna have to just I thought that
was you out with last year I was like
that was quick that's fine we're just
hey guys decide all right everybody out
this side please
we are gonna climb this mountain guys
over here we're doing this to make the
situation better
we had a pearly explosion you know
standard but Anna came prepared for such
an event roses who we are huh it's so
nice of her it's so nice okay eduardo
get off the roads
Wow it's a serious it's a serious
situation what we've got a poo foot I'm
kind of poo pooed we got a poopy foot is
that normal they never know what to do
leaky poop what I know I was probably
just shutting the car - vibration she's
like and relief we're just waiting as
they say bond the arse don't touch any
berries and this is so cook said if you
see any berries class please don't touch
them
because you don't know if that poisonous
or not exactly that's good advice
Eduardo back away from the snacks okay
who can make it across the log you have
to make it all the way across the log be
very careful though it's a danger log
yeah oh you sure what if I hold your
hand
well I hold your hand ease hand no you
can do what I hold no hands do you
definitely wait let's see if Amelia
makes it first she did it okay is it a
spooky one like all my hands gonna try
it when I hold my hand do oh-oh-oh
you did it hey jump mm no no we're gonna
go in a scary Road here this is the
scary Road and when mommy's gone in a
normal Road and we're gonna try and beat
mommy it's a shortcut
it's a cool shortcut can you see the
whole world ice whoa look how far we've
traveled guys you are see we can find
our heads it's around there somewhere
you might see an airplane takeoff it is
good for a picnic look how far we've
traveled so this bench used to be my
Twitter profile for ages he's like a
picture and here somewhere on this bench
without a receipt change it to DM the
book cover the book illustrations do you
have a nice snack mister you wanna buy
ice cream yeah that was very clever of
this man just look this little ice cream
store over there he cycled all the way
up that was a clever idea wasn't this no
we're having fruit for snack guys is our
Sunday stroll hmm maybe someday we'll
bring a dog singular what do you think
how many dogs should we bring guys
yeah yeah no dogs you are bring a cat
instead one of Amelia's friends just got
three kittens the media is very excited
about this fact she really wants to go
on a cat nap
Wow there's two of them like in media
and waters friends it was technically
technically speaking but Amelia will be
going on the great cat nap
ages
buckle your seatbelt Lord is getting
love from dear children
gonna find yourselves too
so get your back into those oars hope
your ship reaches show
three
known as a tone
to walk around
see what you can see
jakers Gamble's midnight
go back into those orbs hope your ship
reaches show
to
angels Devils welcome to your head
you know there ain't that much to fear
rebels soldiers keep back behind your
borders the revolutions on its way right
we are heading back down the mountain
now
Eduardo's on board here LSU's awake you
know well we're going downhill a little
bitch
Emilia is playing hide and go seek
Madonna these wheels are definitely not
designed for offroad can you get air
tires rubber tires
we had one stroller once but rubber
tires remember that which one wants I
don't know who that was but it was
amazing
he's able to absorb like all that stuff
you want to make her some laughs Wow you
make her laugh
you always make her laugh you're her
best friend yeah now we'll remind
Alessio unless he grows up
did you always make her laugh Milius
hiding
I don't notice some where I jabbed up
wah-wah dab dab
what anyway guys we are going to go to
the organic vegetable garden center
patch where we're gonna get some like
vegetables guys what kind of vegetables
do you want at the farmers markets you
want it squiddy what do you want a media
nothing because that's what we're going
right we're going to the vegetable patch
what what where are we going in what
well they're clearly not playing along
you joke Oh McDonald had a farm and that
farm there was a big mac and fries what
do you like in McDonald's Anna likes
vegetable burgers she gets the vegetable
burger meal I get whatever is like
there's always some sort of a chicken
especially kind of meal I go with that
one and then the kids get the
cheeseburgers well I got wardo
cheeseburgers and the media nuggets and
that way they can share nicely that's
the plan
hey leave it below what do you like or
you are you auntie McDonald's auntie
Donald's horizontals ng travelers
all right we have arrived at old
MacDonald's looks I'm gonna go with the
barbecue see I would like the hot and
spicy but I don't like Mayo and it's
mayo mayo and barbecue in fact what why
does the barbecue as a highest calorie
count oh man oh no wait it actually has
the lowest calorie can boom boom town
all right and you guys want wait what
did mommy won again and veggie burger
yeah
veggie burger fries more what do you
guys want a toy
I'll barter what do you want say miss
Amelia right yeah okay
two toys two cheese burgers two fries
two purple juice purple juice media
purple juice yes
wardo purple juice I don't know probably
nothing yeah they probably waiting
together in an ND filter probably
nothing yeah let's see what's going on
here
Oh 32 whoa wait wait we're broke we
don't get to find out when I'm returning
to us who got your power walk who got
the power walk
who got the power walk
