what you got here so as if she can't
ever pick up the slime like crushed up
Oh like breadcrumbs kind of good shower
I did deep-fried yeah right
batter ik oh my god I remember remember
like four or five years ago you got a
fighter queen eggs to read donkey though
you got a premade Tim Burton Estepona
Mars bars the energy with the three
Megan said yeah I really wanted to see a
was a deep-fried deep-fried Mars bar
that's sitting in Scotland so I need
Scottish viewers like I hang up that
every weekend you animate your snake
that's me Scottish accent me in jail
don't feed the babies don't feed the
babies I gotta go find you some clothes
man we're gonna put on we bought a ton
of new clothes recently so that'll be a
handy shortcut we're just worried I
think this is back here these are
actually neat rushing rain a few minutes
ago so we're gonna try and go in between
the rain storm now it's like lovely and
sunny you thinking like wow if there's
nobody this time of year huh
it's so cute isn't it and that's so cute
huh mommy's doing sneezy shopping huh
hey what where does the media section
you ballerina stuff I just love that
that illustration types I like you know
single line stuff you know isn't it
really cool do you like it - yeah no I
don't think you're ready for hot pants
no you'll be waiting next year for hot
pants yeah your little Baker you know
bakers yeah this is crate and bake oh
you little spoons and everything butter
flour is that actual flour
that's so cool we're doing you really
owe me you would you know friends you in
a car
she's gonna have a ride are you ready
yeah
we're closed do you love it feels like a
first one this is a bundle on test this
Ned to me is a bit too fast you know you
want to slow down there who do you think
you mean
I need you like not to share
we got a lovely baby we got some we
changed it up a little bit in our cosmic
connection I mean I got a stone just
that's a boobage nice bit of milk huh
Missy baby Oh Lucy kitty care what
oh goodness are you happy goodness me
huh
you need more exposure time at the kitty
cats nerves Marjorie it's my chip huh
this one she hmm is that you said that
there's another cat around here
somewhere come on
go press it you just hanging out friend
we're just hanging out yeah you're just
hanging out here waiting for mom oh my
goodness you can see how many people
it's like 329 holy crap holy crap holy
x' and you guys are actually involved in
like or want to help me organize this
thing send me a tweet or something like
that and let me know or send me a
private message site or YouTube or
Facebook or something like that you know
because we haven't figured out what
we're gonna do it yet cuz I wanna see
how many people are interested em that's
quite a lot of people to be interested
you know so last year I did it in the am
attendant in Phil and base you guys
remember if you were there this year
don't want to try and do it some more
like more organized because we have the
babies there and so if I want to real
organized them this is the best be like
I think this is like the fifth meter
Python so I feel like I've learned a lot
from the last meetups and I wanted to be
kind of want to make sure that everybody
has enough time with us and we get to
see everybody and you know we got to
take pictures everybody and I don't even
want to miss out so display the more
organized it is the better so I'm yeah
then you guys want to help me with that
or I mean anything along those lines
throw me a message or if you're a
company that wants to like help us out
let me know send me a message send me a
massage
you want some piccolo
oh you want some pickle us you want some
pickle us oh you need a bit first please
hold for the bib being has been attached
Oh sunny it is wait which one are you
gonna go for first choice good choice
like unto you when you say that daddy's
voice is pointy when it's all
high-pitched that was so funny what
you're unsure Yankee that was so funny
with the cheese and I didn't actually
know until I edited it this morning
yeah yeah that actually Tio's okay yeah
the second they walk in early the second
but she gives it to them
well first you tried to give with you
guys like she loves feeding people it
Benny I did her eighth month update on
the blog if anyone's interested
um but it was it was quite cool actually
to compare with my book the first year
what to expect the first year what she's
supposed to be doing and like what she
might do a more like our life yeah yeah
that is weird
yeah no but um it's cool to see and look
back like last this time last month I
was like oh she said her first worried
dad I know it's all of it mama
okay okay once all over it's no enjoy
two seconds once because but yeah each
one comes along mama comes out it's over
to the curb my keep dropping my baby so
right oh my god we got chunks of fresh
veg chicken sweet and sour sauce see
stuff with extra pineapple and what
we're gonna do is look if I can media's
moms and dads it's kind of fun isn't it
alright let's dish out so a little bit
for Amelia you ready for this let me
start you off with so you start you off
with if you want it every wonder you say
how do you feel about that
Maj dois exactly very good what do you
want you want something else one hand
pick lucky dip lucky dip mmm you can end
it up exactly yeah
it's sticky
nice work we've to put it in our hand oh
there we go
do we think they're you're so cute in
there it's crazy how I came is that you
gone now yeah pretty little oh you look
like a would you look like a little
known and they don't know you're so cute
okay oh let's get our PJs and I
moisturize her on and that's not good
your nappy oh yeah girl
that's very interesting
it's very interesting
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Zaccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
