for speeding my baby Parmesan cheese
yeah
told you where he told you everywhere
did go out with me torn up all in the
floor
kind of site whether this blazer
everybody really likes this blazer from
the video that I did but then I have
this one as well which possibly goes
better with the pants I'm not really
sure or does this look nice I have no
idea I think I'm gonna try and quit to
curl my hair
Amelia's being a really good girlfriend
mommy
I'm coming Amelia just getting my bag
which bag should I ring this one maybe
there's a clutch I don't know I can
commit the clutch action because it's
not like I'm bringing not much stuff I
have to get used to not bringing a nappy
bag everywhere I go okay buh-bye I'm
here oh you fell over now we're gonna
give you a milk feed before we go
mommies abandoning you on Mother's Day
haha it's Mother's Day in America and I
think in Germany and a few other
countries today or it was Mother's Day
in Ireland in England like two months
ago or something like that so Anna is an
Irish citizen and an American citizen
and I was like oh my god that's not fair
you I technically get two Mother's Day a
year right huh well amazing so much what
we gonna do for the day buddy how are we
gonna do you don't plan on sleeping all
day do you know be kind of cool honey
all right we gotta wash are you two up
to you so we're here at the hotel in
Sofia or oh just have a quick tell where
we had the photos done for I think it
was the Daily Mail
this very some newspaper anyways but the
Grands if this was how I read that's
true and we're just walking it now so
this has happened friend everybody stay
very still
so my plan slightly worked I did get her
as far as the swing and she did sleep
for about three to five minutes then she
woke up so I was like wow if your wait
come on so we might as well go on a
little adventure
sitting in the back down here
mama feel free to come back go back to
Dada
if you want like you know you don't only
have to say mama just just putting it
out there buddy
so you're hiding in the bathroom because
we don't know he's what he won't be
choking no I just in the bathroom but I
wanted to look he's not cutesy
mother-and-daughter lunch connecting
past present and future maybe I should
have brought Amelia by I think it would
be a little bit too much for her because
there's a lot of people out there
so hence I'm blocking you from toilets
you join your adventure with dad yeah oh
look what Dad brings you dick back I saw
her so nice maybe huh
would you like wooden floors upstairs
instead of the carpets carpets kind of
good though but I can't understand why
you get what is wrong what have we
changed and for this huh-huh jig mommy
would agree Oh what do you think hmm do
it where's Mia Mia makeup world huh you
don't pick a pool game yeah this is an
exciting adventure isn't it you ready
for adventure number two we're not are
we oh I'm sorry I wish I had some boobs
so I could give you some milk but
unfortunatly I've learned anything
being with women we should just get the
card just in case on it does celebrate
today as Mother's Day we should probably
just get right anyway huh
isn't it I think it is better to over
give cards than to not have a card when
a card is expected so hard to find them
what is that card isn't it isn't it
because it's not really what are they in
Ireland
we decided to go all out as well
you picked up some flowers and cards
because this one's getting a bit old and
possibly plus I know she wants to do her
little water be thing and this one so I
washed it out put them in I don't know
if I'll add these because I know she
wants to do it but um flowers and cards
huh
what are you reckon did I score do I get
do I get husband brownie points plus I
look after the baby for today there we
go from your seven children uh huh huh
and their pretty flowers and even see
the orange moment any type of bouquet
doesn't look so pretty but so pretty huh
good job you did it good job friend good
job everyone
good job that was really nice we're just
living to go to the toilet but the meal
was lovely and down we had a little
fashion show as well which I and there
is a Miss quick but there is all no
modeling you sure no mom isn't here when
the shots on what are we having for
lunch all right and you feel about this
how do you feel about that how do you
feel about that well go share these what
do you think what do you think huh
having lunch with that
is it too crunchy no you wanna you want
to go back because a minute ago I saw
this little fella running around with
some cheese in his hand
look at this what are you doing buddy
dealing with the cheese when I sit here
and we're gonna supervise it is this are
you giving that away are you you giving
that away
alright I'm gonna go make coffee all
right do not give that away you hear me
don't give that cheese away well you
still have it now
did you eat the cheese did you eat the
cheese huh
what do you think that immediately ate
the cheese or was the cheese given away
to someone else I don't see anything
running around here with cheese right
now so that's normally mmm
doesn't seem like it did you eat the
cheese
Hey or did he already wolf it down the
second I left huh
oh I have to check the video evidence
later mom's home what she's leaving
again just a quick pit stop just kill oh
yeah
it's okay and you're going with mom this
time Church there now they got the guy
so now Emilia and I are abandoned
and the dogs and we're going to my mom's
house because her friend is coming over
and we wanted to meet her so I brought
this toy that this first thing that a
picture was kind of in a panic just
trying to get everything organized ready
break me I just grabbed this this is
from the Mia's aroma it's actually
covered in Maltese hairs um he won't
really like it but that's what I grabbed
and then I have two bags because I have
my clutch that I brought with me today
and it has all my stuff in it and then I
had to grab the nappy bag so millions
back there she said the ones in ice
cream
following the ice cream at well
following closely see who we can get to
my it skiing off of the Yankee see the
HTML flying along all over the place
want some ice cream like it is fine
collection waiting for my lady oh no you
need to start that edge one for my other
lady oh it's you want partisan - I'm
sorry sorry friend let me hook that up
morning for Joe FIFO Joe FIFA Joe
feedback what I don't need I've never
played a fun
we need nuts oh wait where's your plate
crap crap holy crap crap pony
let's get some power machine maybe not
too much it's a little parmigiano oh
look at this huh yeah excited for this
we're gonna put a little bit over each
for a minute okay friend
you're gonna munch that up so much
easier you know when shadow
why has happened
why has happened huh go ahead that man
Fred we just rode here this is a bitches
man okay gonna have to bowl - apparently
food time is fun time when you get older
we're probably going to tell you not to
play with your food but right now we're
going to encourage you to play with your
food there comes a time when food would
be stops being a toy but for the moment
get that get that get that
that's right there yeah you got a friend
you gotta know you missed it hey here's
one this one you okay you all right
you want this one no it is not yeah I
mean yeah Jersey eat parmesan Department
hitting my baby Parmesan cheese yeah
told you where they told you everywhere
did go out with me chart up all in the
floor hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
