it's like you can never really say like
you can never like as much as I love you
ha you never feel a love like you have
for your own child
seriously she's hiding
miss Amelia ha ha do it again
can you can you pick a pool game do it
again go on you know you want to
yeah good girl oh wait you melee as
Amelia hi hey girl you gonna do it again
yeah yeah yeah oh my god
yeah something's missing what's missing
mommy pig
no missing two dogs
I'm gonna crazy haha I see so I just
rejected video of me making breakfast
and I was like yeah this does make more
sense this makes a little bit more sense
isn't it yeah you can watch the video at
6:00 you'll see what I did hello banana
what is one's name it's sold stronger
when the sorry will leave sorry friend
make your mommy's happy first a baby
where's the baby
it's the baby going to sleep Theo Theo
you like this wing he just sat on it
yeah she does like this wing mm-hmm I
knew a girl she is like one that's wrong
please hey I said I'd be doing in this
thing that's without you doing in this
thing yeah you sure though we're gonna
lick in the whole thing
we're just cleaning the swing for you
guys who the best day of my whole annoy
everyone let's attack this attic with a
styro
and separately is actually a hairdryer a
knife and a bowl and let's hope because
um unfortunately we have some Chi Tony
in here that needs to go in here what it
does not fit although here's a bit of
chicken here isn't it a chick in there
oh I fear just gonna be a big job you
guys gonna help are you doing laundry hi
you doing some lunch so I've just been
folding laundry and putting it away I
have so much to catch up on like Oh both
laundry baskets are overflowing there's
one in our bedroom and then one in the
hall
pebbles overflowing so I'm gonna get
dressed
it's like super late but um I thought we
might as well get dressed today anyway
hmm and by we I mean you
says mommies already dressed but you're
so waving hmm
yeah you're still leaving these are cute
PJs oh I like them on you and look at
all your tools coming out she's got like
so many teeth all of a sudden crazy any
show she do it snow another time okay
okay so we've got this fast with all the
dog gone hey youngest of seven oh we've
got these leggings these socks and this
top hmm yeah I think that's a cute
outfit do you it's put on so joke's on
you may have been doubters huh shame
anything I never knew our a freezer look
like I know these things I do it's dad
she needs to eat me oh if you're mad at
you man it appears all the drawers
oh no and didn't make a mess anywhere
nope
the dogs run over I stronger and
crunching lungs i define it like free oh
my godness team and away together but
look at the difference though huh shiny
so shiny
there's still a few little bits I think
underneath here you can see in the back
few little bits of ice for the ice if it
is de-iced nice
ah goodness that is such a big job don't
like I mean you realize how big of a job
it is until you undertake it but it's
done now
how's your saying it's an it's like when
you have a baby you know and it's like
no matter how you feel or no matter what
you're thinking or how annoying
sometimes they are you just look at
their little faces and they smile and I
just like it's just something I just
like I don't know if it happens with
other people's kids or something but
like just every I just walked into the
room you know and I was in a minute
doing something I just flick over at her
and she just took over and smiled at me
and I was like oh my god I love her so
much it's like you never really you know
they say like you can never like as much
as I love you ha you never feel a love
like you have for your own child
yeah you like to protect it is it is it
something else like like when I look at
her I see part of me yeah no I mean
you're gonna prank you like and then you
just have to do area yeah it's crazy
many ways that real life but I'm sure
people will yeah yeah
like conflicts with people in school
yeah yeah you're gonna be like covered
with me ah what did you say her did you
put her hair tell me what he did tell me
what your boyfriend's name is single oh
I remember I met this girl right he's
like I think was about 16 or 17 I know
I'm worried I was in a band um we are
thing she joined a band then we were
right in her hair so he's like ashford
or something and I remember we met her
dad we're all like rehearsing up in the
city open her bedroom and if dad came in
he can't hit with a shotgun in his left
like how's it going cuz I give this your
friends and myself on that I said dinner
guys we're just looking and go light and
you know she's like like you know one
talk about the shotgun he was a farmers
they said I have a shotgun
you know goods are Annie going on what a
hell is in there looking like oh my god
he has a shotgun and I was it like we
all know it was like genetic bands just
stay away from her her dad is so I'm
gonna buy a shotgun okay
I'm gonna buy a shotgun yeah I think you
did like I would say he was really
annoying I want to be like the cool
parent to let you go to discos but the
same crime vuv owner just goes winter
like her best friend right you'll be
like dressing like that like by dad and
you like change Nate your clothes and
put on a miniskirt oh don't have them
come on oh yeah we have a problem
I am American and rum first of all I
miss it they were like oh please you
want nice because it's flooded in water
you can only fill that so much and we
only have either this pot which isn't
even a pot at the measures fuck or that
one
so one a or all dig this isn't even
submerged not the top part I know you're
in the big pot one of them oh you eat
them well why would you will you leave
the boy like me okay well again holy
moly
holy moly yes
holy moly I can't even see you oh right
honey my high sad you're on you wanna be
the egg what do you think what do you
think of that you like it oh you don't
look be sure about that we turn this off
oh she grabbed the piece mmm there were
not before chicken party Saturday night
chicken parties I mean I kept her party
Saturday night
chickens pepper Saturday night big boy
make it quick
you all right me you're right mate are
you all right mate did you enjoy your
egg
you got a bit egg in your face what's up
it is super sunny huh super then again
enemy don't stop me now cuz I'm having
such a good job
you know I think there's a difference
and you taste some pepper
my favorite is green pepper and I like
the red one yellow is okay but you guys
ever notice that or is it just me I
think there's a difference of flavor to
them I don't know what the difference is
why they grow different colors and stuff
but I own scope for the Green Line it
might just because it's the color green
and I associate like yeah that makes
sense that should be green you know no
leave me call it no what's your favorite
color pepper
hi Amelia like hey I know I know
I am yeah what's going on buddy what's
going on just in the grass for a second
time
cuz I sometimes you kind of need to do
like when you haven't cut the grass
before or when it's been done has been
done at ages really thick well then we
do the second time see it looks much
better that's just we got to go quick
because it's gonna rain I did a little
Ally I had a little baby Oh Elliot oh
yeah we take this off put on vocalist
what's up what's up you wanna come here
you want to come out to play
I'm gonna come out to play oh do you
want to tell them the exciting news or
should I I think that is a should I
choose mommy pink mommy look at this
crazy thing here what's it called again
it looks like boggle the way it's
written so some of you guys probably
follow us on Twitter and Facebook and
you'd know what we announce this evening
you gonna hang out your friend Amelia
and Juliana are gonna do a meet-up
together
June 14th in Dublin June 15th in Chaplin
links down below right right down there
click another link Facebook event page
pick on if you're going it's in Dublin
city centre keep an eye on on our
Twitter's and them will let you know
exactly where it's gonna be what its
going to be in the city centre yeah on
June 15th we've got the whole gang Julia
and Amelia me Benjy Judy Anna yeah
Bianca Nevaeh see the dogs may not be
able to make it but at yeah it's gonna
be epic huh we just I made it a Saturday
cuz I know a lot of you guys probably
didn't your junior certainty Leaving
Cert so I made it a Saturday at around 2
o'clock just like don't come on mom let
me go you gotta go you gotta come and
hang out with the gang huh huh hmm hope
to see you guys there with you yeah I
know actually we did on in and we did a
couple last year like we did the cork
and mm run this ere this would be the
only meetup that we're going to do this
year it's just it's really hard to do it
way that when you've got a media here
huh I'm gonna me in here huh and then
yeah so I hope that I hope to see
everybody there we hope to see everybody
hmm bigoted mate who's it that everybody
I don't know if I'd is my schedule it
allowed me to come a life at all and I
did is it that is your I have a lot of
fans all over the country to be eaten
and might be in a different County at
that time so I let you know and check me
I think Filofax service you are a bit of
a celebrity right no I couldn't make you
any promises but a feel free to bring me
along some bit crack balls just in case
attack me a doggy bag hope it'll be
variable I'd be very happy it - thank
you very much good night hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Zaccone
Joey don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
awesome
hahahaha
