what are you guys up to huh look at them
look you for the food this morning we
woke up and we noticed something what
did we notice what do we notice let me
see let me see let me see come on you're
not gonna show me are you the teeth came
out fully can I see my Sita
can you see guys look the tooth came out
fully huh you got three teeth you got
three teeth huh we've got three kids
puss not only what's this so remember
we're saying with the hell yeah the hell
person was like oh maybe she's putting
her energy into something else ordered
and like growing or something I just ate
a baby our eight month old has teeth
maybe the reading is still quite new but
I wonder you know in time does baby led
weaning because of a necessity to bite
the food does that encourage her teeth
to grow faster tell me the cookie
something cookie something like that you
know because she needs to chew more
therefore her body's reacting by putting
his energy into growing teach
knees and toes knees and toes head
shoulders knees and toes knees and toes
look at this I remember the banana this
time have a nine and cinnamon that's
right huh how many times I brought the
Pirates up and then you guys be like I
remembered it banana cinnamon all right
buddy
it's you and me for breakfast today all
right let's let's put that back get it
away yeah we got some shreddies
shredding wait am I supposed to make
this shitty soggy first I forgot hold on
and start you off with some bananas on a
banana a banana a banana I'm screwing up
a little touch him up on these okay
don't even
une banana plain ascore ganic milk yeah
how do you weigh
Oh from these old-fashioned ones let's
pose splashing makan huh
you sure how much I'm supposed to put on
friend we'll just leave the Shetty's
soak up the milky goodness what a thing
call oh well I just I can't handle it I
don't like it
Cree's little dink already there goes my
baby knows that rock'n'roll she trusts
me crazy
look give me hot glass people Oh
shreddies already so prop it all on the
table out oh what a beautiful day so
I've decided to come Nance being cute
and hook myself up with a lawnmower I'm
a slow my Mon know my Mon Mon my lo lo
Mai what's happened to my brain it's
just it's turds it still functioning
yeah so remember that grass let me put
down there a week a few ago well that
has like shot up you know mean iti
checked it a couple of times you can
kinda you can lift him up and just check
to see what's and yeah it's like grabbed
hold of the ground
and it has become one with the soil and
no there's no dead parts throughout the
whole thing I was like oh my god it was
perfect
that's me Patton myself so we have some
friends coming over and I think I maybe
bring their I'm not sure if they bring
their doggie Gabby as well yeah um
Amelia still hasn't had lunch so I want
to give her something small I had such a
bad tummy this morning Jonathan said it
was by yes which I have never had before
um I thought they were coming
um but yeah I yeah whenever the camera
is on you just wanted to be on you hmm
yeah good girl anyways so um he said it
was IBS I'm not sure if that's what it
was definitely what it felt like when I
described it to him oh yes please
McDonald's McDonald's what you gonna do
what you gonna do when I stop my face
with tasty food chuckle for delicious I
got it's brand new it's brand new I kind
of um I was like a little bit stressed
it kind of vacuum because um how was it
that like us women we can manage to I
mean I'm obviously I'm really grateful
that Jonathan looked after me yeah this
morning when she was having her break II
and I was sick but um I came down on the
place was like a tip how do I manage to
do it and then like hang up and have
everything done but he's good for other
things like he does clean up after he
makes dinner and like you know he's not
like a complete Pig raising but it's
just so funny how women are like
different than men but then he can
probably get things done quicker than I
can you know because I'm I'm actually
not a good multitasker at all I just
have like a process of doing things so I
have like a huge stack of laundry
upstairs that I need to get done but I'm
afraid our guests are gonna come and I
don't want to be like upstairs when they
do um yeah so we're going to give you
some cherry tomatoes and some avocado
okay yeah that crap I got the bad deal
I think excuse I had to order a ton of
them Kasana and a couple of friends over
so I was like oh pick them up frappes -
and then I asked for loaded profits and
now I have to wait with my boomerang but
isn't it kind of cool look they're so
cool looking I'm gonna put them on the
back wall you get rid of that big ugly
concrete wall hey hey
what's the story with you guys chatting
- man hey I got a new tooth this morning
looks like oh my god three new team my
mom put me in the shitty Oh better
where's your Papa friend hmm not a
doggie friend throwin huh oh my god
that's so cute
yeah keep talking look she is getting
excited face in her baggage mm-hmm
mr. hater can you see better media oh
girl oh I guess okay this can't be hmm
hey Mikey cabbie
Kenny carefully I knew these four your
friend deal
it's a friend tension apparent that the
value retainers nervous
that's okay is the bamboo oh there's a
bit of blur on the lens
yeah okay take the watch them shall be
high Oh me I'm onna copies in the blur
spot oh no what not is blur all over the
camera lens
Gaby lip delenn's oh oh no always have
to put kids together
how's the bill everything without kids
oh my little friends look we got free
strimmer nice busy mo mean yeah Amelia
Minnie oh no do you want to help me ya
little something that you knows huh
alvey's in love alvey's in love i'll
they use your girlfriend
oh yeah she's got her own that's what
she like he's built my little friend
it's bettering its good a test
okay in the leisure tesco
all time and look the way it's kind of
blended with thee that's the grass you
put down mr. Grassi put down and that's
the original grass and look you wouldn't
even notice that now you wouldn't even
notice it now huh was a lip wrestling I
said you guys guy huh huh and of course
of course it's raining cuz I really want
to try and put these up bloom ah natural
weed seeding seeding screening
I love your green boots Nevaeh
oh he adores steel got green boots on to
Paddy's Day ha ha ha
don't hit him hard until yeah Irish
parties yeah didn't mean cheese yeah
yeah party Oh Friday hey pizza party
Friday night ego your very own baby
pizza grab a habit don't be afraid I
hope you and your pizza party Friday
night
don't forget the Ben & Jerry's hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
