oh my god you've got top teeth and we
told her today we were like she's only
got two teeth oh my goodness door
morning Freddy shreddy foreign and
Freddy's ready she got here
moshi-moshi sweeties but a mushy shreddy
tummy they make your nose a little bit
runny but that's okay cuz you can just
flick it away taste just not from the
shreddies tummy's making noises Rani's
they were doing our eight months it's
like you know like to go right now what
the Colin like the state exams
government State thing you know we gotta
bring her to the the local health center
place and they're going to do all your
tests to make sure that we are doing a
good job as parents and to make sure
you're doing a good job as a developing
human because this is your world Amelia
this is your world children are the
future I think somebody said that once
you know the future
you guys ready to experience one of the
biggest tunnels in Ireland here it comes
all right brace yourself
all right see if you can hold your
breath for the whole way okay here we go
here we go ooh whoa Wow
I was amazing huh oh good girl yeah the
woman was really funny cuz she was like
she paused because it's not really like
a pass or a failed thing but like we
always think that in her head you know
um cuz she was like she gave her a block
to play with and in the beginning
because it was a stranger which actually
is a good sign she wouldn't take it cuz
she was like um I don't know you you
know and I was like oh so we kind of
came back to that afterwards but then
she took it when she got to know the
woman a little bit better but I think
she was just nervous like she just
didn't you know didn't know who she was
and then we were looking for her to like
pass the toy to the other hand she did
that she was like perfect for everything
the only thing that she wants to check
at a year is her height or her length
because it's quite she's quite short so
here it says she's 9 kgs which is 19
pounds 14 ounces so I actually thought
she was 20 pounds but I weighed her like
a different way I weighed her with me on
the scale
changing car season I know she's 64
centimeters I don't know what that is in
inches and she's forty four point five
on around your head so everything was
like going upwards in like on the scale
or whatever
except for her height her hike and she
just wants to check that sometimes they
put more into like another area so it
might be that she's kind of putting more
into growing like hey Theodore what you
doing there deal he does he always
claims up on you whenever you're like
why can you get older you get you get
important it's important motion getting
some forward motion huh eat them of
course it finally happened
I'm slightly mad I forgot the wheels
you forgot the wheels Nene's when well
you gonna have to carry her I guess I'm
gonna have to carry I guess no 20 pounds
a
toasted butter bagel time to put our
bagel friend pull this back
what do you think of that we think of
that what do you think is it good
thank God they were right
you having a bottle of water me my mom
my water my mom
look at you a little mommy's girl now
all of a sudden huh
Jersey I've never ever got here in my
hand point it was just we decided to
come over here cuz I guess call it the
quiet area you can see I've never said
it before have you ever come to my
appointments out here have you ever
called is your first time as well who's
your new friend Amelia Rose egg your
sister dad your sister when you come on
point oh hey then she didn't only start
watching for about a month
ya need it no nice we need it in our
life some question these things do peace
oh do you match thank you so cool
actually pressing like because I
definitely want to bring her swimmin
very soon like look at these are two
pieces it how could I that's it that's
like an inci be she teeny-weeny
red polka dr. kieny shouldn't didn't see
what I was doing there disconnected for
my conversation I think my back is
broken
do not carry any small child around for
a long time yeah okay this is our system
I played a playstation yeah you watch
Peppa Pig I eat the chocolates you play
with your toys
dragon game is so I thought immediate
it's new trick right give it five give
me five give oh yeah down below down
below down low down low to so we don't
do that we don't do that could this mean
well don't do that goes with me right we
need some food
Amelia run to a halt run to a halt oh
poor John must what's my pyjamas
what's my name yeah buddy huh let's get
another 100 I love this nah and Mommy
has a matching bikini oh we are going to
get a matching bikini mom let's get a
purple one forget this little ducky top
what's my name well look how long that
is so long our baby is not send it
beside that designer beside our friend
oh wait a second no that's not romantic
is yeah I know it's still a lot it's sad
oh no ok there's more artists is it
treason is it yeah yeah three vests a
tree vast collection oh no there's
something else
Oh PJs nice nice halt friend yeah they
talk so melius have been married kind of
her dinner she's having a little bit
before dinner cuz she is actually just
gonna have what we're having but
oh she loves cherry tomatoes and baby
bell cheese the nurse even said she was
like it seems like baby led weaning yeah
is the way of the future and she was
saying it's really good that she's doing
that and that she's feeding herself like
all different vegetables and fruits and
like meat as well and just everything so
she was like perfect for all the other
foods the only thing that I could think
of when I saw the list she handed me I
was like oh she hasn't really had eggs
so we're gonna see if you like egg I bet
you although it's been here for ages
look coke at dark and and this is the
leftovers from the chocolate cake
yesterday the green and blacks it's an
organic dark chocolate well this is the
leftovers but it's like who's gonna
actually eat this that stuff will
probably be there for like months
because like where's the fun in dark
chocolate you know it's like yeah it was
nice in the cake but not so much leave a
comment you know what I like dark
chocolate with mint you know if you got
like you know after eight or something
like that just a good combination of it
but you hate dark chocolate right but
then you like white chocolate I don't
like white chocolate it's not even
chocolate it's something else because
the Milky Bar can a parent is a liar the
Milky Way kids let's let's let's wanna
call alright leave down leave a comment
below if you like dark chocolate don't
milk chocolate does that normal
chocolate milk chocolate dark chocolate
or white cheddar I like milk chocolate
and dark chocolate I know like no white
chocolate which one you like Melia mmm
but that's almonds and chocolate my
favorite mixture is mint and chocolate
I'm gonna get like it I'm gonna get a
bad boy in Sorrento I'm gonna get like
mountains of after a chocolate would you
want you're gonna have no so much
correcto
I mean though you see you have a me done
you see how well I'm a dad you see you
out right let's get you some crawl time
crawl them high five high five yeah oh
we missed you earned it a little trick
again one another little trick again huh
so I got up on her knees like she's
actually got a proper crawl what are you
going are you going you going backwards
you microts
huh what are you gonna do yeah yeah go
on go on put your knees up get your
knees up up with your knees up oh oh
that's a fancy move you got there what
you call that one would you call that
one Oh careful in the laundry basket oh
what's that
what's this treasure you found uh-huh
what's this Trevor what's this Trevor we
found whoa
Oh Fitz God you would think like okay
good girl in your little organic cotton
hmm thank you
new PJ's huh oh the rocking chair yeah
what's in your mouth okay more teeth oh
my god you've got top teeth and we told
her today we were like she's only got
two teeth Hey oh my goodness cubbies
door can you guys see it looks like a
piece of gum yeah it does it does it
does no name she's got four teeth to
bite you yeah the two teeth oh my
goodness oh she's a mean complainers I
know did you brush your hair oh yeah of
course
okay let's get you socks
night-night friends they night-night
friends my friends don't pick them all
your teeth these take a night to the
foot take a night to the foot hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
