birthday do you
hi guys hey guys excited I have today
her excited alright on now don't be a
don't misbehave when the newbies always
has her bow cuz everyone's afraid of her
no no obvious 10g media likes to pull
out his bow it now you're all trotting
on pornography he gets it in front the
no oil yeah oh he's going to be good
we'll take this dog home will at him
we're at him
imagine were giant dog he was like I
need to eat a lot more food to be that
big just go now right deal
alright we'll see you later guys what
are you doing are you sad
he wasn't a side girl yeah you don't
look sad hey no but it is so
heartbreaking
he just had her little shreddy her this
Treves and she was like handing them out
like looking for a dog to feed it to and
there's no dogs because they're at the
groomer
yeah did they go to do dress yeah look
at this this is where I actually wish we
did have dust and the cleaner didn't
come she's not coming so tomorrow
because it was a bank holiday so my for
is like a desperate need of being locked
hey are you in jail
Gugu in prison mmm-hmm okay we need to
organize her stuff this is the bin of 9
to 12 months which she puts into now
this in here is all six to twelve or
sorry six to nine the socks are okay and
the bibs and hats they're fine but all
this stuff needs to be swapped out
there's a couple
9:12 in there as well look anything
suiting her arm bends and then in here
we've got some stuff that means I think
she should only be able to play with
this and tell me that as well actually
so I'm gonna take them down commander as
you can see me it's always the way when
you ask when you put something away so I
stored all these boxes here here today
and then of course straightaway I need
something from those boxes Christmas
tree always the way isn't it if I had
left these boxes
downstairs in my way to annoy me um I
would never have actually needed
anything from them because I stored them
away oh my god Alex are like so creepy
places aren't they it's like you should
never look around in the dark you know
you're turning a rag like whatever I
want of like a face or something like
pops over chairs over there easily oh my
god was not a fight breaking freakin I
get this guy
oh my god it's ecology D head thing for
the night-vision goggles from Modern
Warfare oh my goodness
like whatever face look go with you that
was terrifying
that was terrifying I was terrifying
this was looking for it's it's a 50
millimeter
it's a 1.8 f-stop which is a really
really good f-stop um fishing for
filming you know it's a prime lens this
one here is a zoom lens and this is am a
four you know I mean it's a four to L
series but it's a four stop
not very beautiful not very beautiful
and unfortunately I'm actually moving
into the states now now I'm actually
there's just our fog a hazy fog in front
of me I'd take Kurt Oh off because she
took it off
these are cheap money well made because
they never break it she hogs up them now
and they never like come undone so Joel
he is getting some lunch I still have to
make my mom's cake I feel like so stupid
that I didn't do it yesterday
Oh cuz we were filming for this John
Myatt this morning um I did my April
thieves and I did it and I kind of
creative way so I hope you guys like it
so I got some stuff from body shop as
well which is always it's back there
though one else is in the car oh we just
you can see her line that's cuz he has
to sit in the front yeah
do you guys remember I had the minecraft
server like ages ago
well one of the guys I started chat we
actually started talking about Balrog
lucky because we wanted to build Cylons
and that long story short he actually
set up his own business and him and his
girlfriend make these which are amazing
look at that that is so look it's like
Amenia being all our names fit together
inst it would Scrabble pieces and that's
so cool
yeah so I think his website too much
oops I think his websites on the back
here
whoa craft hastily there you go craft as
dot ie
hook yourself up one of these they are
so cool far as you know you can make
like anything you want right yeah they
do rank oh this is the baby led weaning
raincoat so when the food goes
everywhere because it rains inside when
they're eating food scene this going to
town there I love the smell of the dogs
look at this right
deirdre actually has her own her own
signature scent look I bought a few to
my for luck pause for talk
that's what you guys would go if you're
in court go to pause for thought
sorry you bought them tired it was like
oh we should get some of these oh yeah
it's so cool but the pet cologne like we
got paws fur taught it's in Douglas and
I'm just googling a phone over there but
just google it I am gosh are the
Facebook's that what comes up yeah you
should totally use that Mike you can ask
for the albacore tuna veikko at Athena
card you got the Amelia cut give us the
Harlem shake cut the stunner asking for
the be boats undercut he should ask for
today I go in this note just tighten I
tried to ask her if they could put in a
few thousands more bowls and new hair
for kissing yeah she used up all her
pink bows and I want to feel it to my
pockets when I was walking out the door
so Olivia headed for safekeeping
because Lucas velvet take note nibbles
oh cool what's this friend we shown hell
away show me how it works
ready yeah ready ready where does that
go
okay we have to pop it pop it properly
twisted oh hey nice job thank you
connects woman put the fuel in the fire
pop it pop Oh huh Oh foul ball
what's very vital where do we get this
marking Silvia ah house it's a bit too
old for her Stella yeah but it's cool
though so first like toy
oh is it for putting like shapes in the
holes and stuff yeah Oh where's it gone
you think does your lip I'm going where
did you dip I'm going I'll put your lip
balm in somewhere oh well Dylan huh
good job getting the idea anyway so I'm
just making my mom hey finally out like
quarter to six yeah the media is helping
out my mommy's little helper new mommy's
little helper
it looks like she's going Wow oh don't
mind the huge sticking gutter
huh for playing far cry the Blood Dragon
expansion pack is it good is it good is
it good we have a fun time your top is
kind of elasticy which well Moshe I have
elastic clothes it's so much easier it's
like your memory in school when you got
oh okay hold on a second I'm actually
wearing pear bow and so but you know
like when you like you know in your
school class like remember so many kids
had loads em here I always had like the
laces right I like tying my laces put
some get at the velcro ones would be
like so jealous she's like ah Here I am
doing the hard labor time my laces every
day so your man over there she's like
what you know but now in adulthood I
then I use go runs so I I don't I know
although when I think want to wear my
boots were they these bad boys here Oh
take about a week to think about a week
to to get them done put the comfy socks
so I suppose you like that that boot is
bigger than your head oh my goodness
another size difference boop boop boop
the baby what about it what about the
baby
don't cook Jessie die hey okay there the
cheat what if we got her this is just
for us two piles of food um get this
finished oh the Special K idea what do
you want what do you guys want one
number you are picking over 2 1 and 70 I
think I get a 17 which is green Thai
curry and I get the duck oh my goodness
chicken Tinga T bobbins here's the best
one and Erika copied me today as well I
don't I don't blame her I don't favor it
was a thing when people copy other
people
no role model or something how many
races journa 17 you have broccoli
chicken is that go doc chicken broccoli
carrots you like it
you want some spicy green tie mm-hmm
maybe not around ya know what's going on
here
no no it will have to be a surprise
knows about let me see coming in let us
in let us in entertaining our guest
Rebecca
here's a seat oh no Josh oh we didn't
see anything
oh did I see an even coming up no it's
in there for happy bark a look
oh I said what is that and that's so
cool it's like a massive cupcake yeah go
on put it down put it in it's okay her
face oh my god her face she's like what
the hell is that oh my god giant cupcake
that's okay so cool no I did not get the
right utensils on a job chuckles yeah
you like it - choking you thinking
Peter monkey down there's a surpassed
day of my life every girl I've it
appears a child cake
I don't wanna stinky vegetables no more
I want chop the cake put more hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
