all my life you guys just missed the
biggest disaster in history
look at this right little Missy moon
here grabbed my soup and pulled it down
here
Martin little friend come on in little
morning friends who's the friend he's a
bunny rabbit a friend it's me if he is
your friend and the Tweety Bird your
friend's dog is your friend what
actually happen real Doug where I can
you know tell me a story everyone else's
huh
Oh Napoleon is gonna come on now booting
up my friend wait for the sound
OOP turn on the amplifier you know
Saturday huh huh all right all right all
right agent I've seen this thing where
you can them copy your windows and put
it onto your macbook I complicated
though but I thought it'd be kind of
cool I try to be kind of cool to try are
we ready are we ready let me just press
this one button here I pressed it
well whoo mommy's dressed her hair isn't
done though and we're gonna oh can you
throw that no yes good ready go
can you hear that not beyond the bin -
do you guys want to see or should I keep
it a secret
no I'll show you guys um so don't mind
the nasty hangar it says three to six
months but it's not actually but anyways
this is Amelia's dress for her Auntie
Leah's wedding right here that we got
her when I was pregnant we got it
inserted look at her she looks like
she's in jail we got it in Sorrento it's
so cute it's for age nine months and
she's gonna be eight months and I think
it will still fit her I hope but my mom
got hurt a little like bolero cardigan a
navy one when she was in Galway this
weekend and it's actually perfect so
it's just like little cap sleeves you
can't see that right now and then I
think I'm gonna do like white sandals
hopefully it'll be warm enough for that
if not we'll do tights or something but
I hope not so anyways my mom got her
this dress so that would be cute to wear
but I have to figure out like a cardigan
or something for overtop actually that
might work too
we'll see Wow boy yeah you look so
beautiful
beautiful good girl okay let's get ready
I got a spot by the door as well she's
your Emma's birthday party nice gal huh
in it what do you think huh yeah you
know collection of fine breads would you
like some cheese with that some wine or
something I got the focaccia
she's so cute me
like a mommy it's a cheetah every time I
read soup dish or somewhere I always to
get that finally you don't dumb and
Dumberer
we've heard and he's like oh what's this
eaters or just like oh it's a super
today he was like me I'm have some of
that no I made a joke to you I'm saying
seafood you are I didn't actually tell
anyone
do you remember that bit I'd say it's
pointy every time I've seen suits enjoy
I always keep that one
what is that what do you want you wanna
oh my gosh Bellini Schumer at tonight
before the wedding I was like oh look
it's a cocktail and drank and I was like
wrong that was a that was a punchy
cocktail huh small one
oh my god you guys just missed the
biggest disaster in history
look at this right little Missy moon
here grabbed my soup and pulled it down
here look at this they brought me
another suit with the whole place like
room
what's the beef time it's a beef time
friend look at this look at this
selection you're about to have a million
asparagus she had asparagus before oh
you're gonna love it
you're gonna love it that's fancy okay
we think it is we think
nom-nom-nom-nom-nom
me good yeah
cool she likes it Alma's got a little
stalker thing in the bottom that likes
you her favorite collection yeah McCall
that's a cheaters like the great yeah
she does
well secondary to tomatoes tomatoes are
do you want a steak we'll just put that
there
find over here you think yeah no no no
we're having drama today are we they got
soup all over ourselves although it's
made right in now say it right in now
mm-hmm she said cute alligator think
that just put you often and then you got
upset changing towards my children water
calling children sparkling water to
change proof boy or follow a knight
hello the brownies look at the baby
bunnies
good little baby bunnies huh it's lower
than them coming
hmm no this was all bunny rabbits
checking with the chip on Yemen no this
Gary are you scary huh so this is what
we're planning for my mom's birthday
cake I'm gonna use this big top cupcake
silicone bakeware this is from it was a
gift from Michael that I got last year
and I never actually got a chance to use
it yet but I thought that it would be
cool because I was gonna bake cupcakes
for my mom's birthday but then I was
like oh be cooler if it was a proper
birthday cake but since I always love
baking cupcakes
why don't I bake a huge giant cupcake so
that's what I'm doing so I'm just
prepping the I just had to wash out the
silicone thingies and you get like an
insert thing if you want to put like
something inside in it but I'm not doing
that this time
Amelia is hanging out in her saucer yeah
golly
we're just about to read a book cause
daddy's gonna get ingredients you wanted
to do it by himself because he thought
it would take longer the whole family
went out plus I think of me I was kind
of fed up from like
well not that out but I think she's just
a little bit tired from all the
excitement earlier oh we're gonna read
this book farm tales you're gonna read
that with mommy
yeah oh my goodness so I had bought
these like four cupcakes but I could
probably still do that I'll see how much
mixture actually have and then if I make
some mini ones that's fine otherwise
I'll just save them for another day
this was Amelia's present for my mom it
says grandma's little helper and it's a
pink or pink and yellow apron for age 4
to 7 but I just thought it would be cute
anyway to get it up for to like keeping
her house because she has a pink one
that says mommy's little helper upstairs
as well but that's for here and then
this one can be for my for Omaha's house
I got a really beautiful
what to call them like handle holder
from my mom yesterday I just wanted to
show you guys because I thought it was
so pretty and it's like I don't know
it's just like frosted glass and kind of
beachy and it matches our our Dacor if
you guys are interested in want cupcakes
I'm making these ones dark chocolate
chip mascarpone cupcakes Oh jovis is
back that's what it looks like so
hopefully fingers crossed
it'll work out and we'll have a giant
one look there's still little made a
basket there I can't close the Moyo
okay let's read our book okay let's read
our book oh thanks a bunch
look at this little sumo wrestler here
look at my little sumo what do you do
ma'am get down let down down down down
are you old clown who likes to get down
go and have a frown upside down turn out
upside down
come around turn it upside down huh Oh
supportive wife would you like a
fortified would you like me to IQ
edoardo we go
careful there now friend careful there
now friend okay I gotta go check in the
back which means I gotta turn you on
floor you ate the floor time friends hey
Froy time friend I'm going to put this
phone here would you like that phone
look we'll make it light up eating at
the phone friend you want to phone a
friend go 5050 or for a friend which one
oh we got you there friend which one you
wanna do yeah hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
