oh my god this is why you don't have a
baby on top of you
oh yeah somewhere just have a sack of
potatoes here yeah oh it's easier just
to walk over it
anybody hi hi we're gonna go and dress
the freaking baby of course them
it's a supervised situation Erica we
sent up to supervise yes I do it wrong
all right what do you want to work today
friend be anything you want wellington
boots in a princess costume no problem
so we have this is a maybe pile or is
this too maybe pile you can put down the
maybe pile you steal my slippers friend
I like your little crown all right we're
looking for top what all right we need
to find something good something goood
we're going to do this line phone what
you get before we put a blindfold on and
we take like a lucky dip and we grab
something and then we just put it on you
it'll be like a fun game did you find
the top donors that there's definitely a
Peppa Pig top to go with that this is
nice
love from your friends in Canada in the
back
thumbs up for Canada if you're from
Canada you should press the thumbs up
button
oh yeah so definitely um the pizzas one
yes the rumor I was like oh yes there's
like two days ago was they guest day for
me but then do you think like the
pizza's white attempt what do you
are you gonna do them where's that maybe
pile this is really nice
well don't think pepper goes with that
no no I mean like brown case I think all
right well we have a we have a bottoms
option and we have a top option so
whatever we find it we find a bottom or
a top to go with that what do you reckon
you look so funny hey call me maybe just
pull that in God you picks up new media
pick something you like see what she
gets big something oh ok those boots
obviously what you wanted as a top give
a nice top here see we've paired these
gray leggings and we finish the look off
with these little pink socks what do you
think you love it I think that might be
by far the best baby dressing scenario
that has ever happened in the history of
happenings what do you think buddy huh
what do you think that game that game
you play or just kick the name of
someone don't do it don't do it I see it
in your eyes go do it
are you gonna do it oh good choice good
choice
huh well done not even everything that
comes into your hand huh just as I say
huh
oh my goodness we have come to the
conclusion that we are not ready for a
teenager in our eyes as I am so tired
seriously looking after me that was hard
work we'll know after media America I'm
not ready for it yet I'm not ready for
that kind of commitment to fatherhood
huh excited the ground Erica this
morning as well I just thought it was
fitting in that I taught her to clean a
room and then I was going to make her
like clean up the poo or something you
know the parenting page take advantage
of the fact that we have a teenager yeah
nice job huh expert babysitter now
dropping in town we're just really just
we've had enough so we're just gonna
leave her in town and hope something
hopefully she finds a good home look at
this thing
who is that you know it is senior thank
you know this sign thing died December
1856 father Matthew Oh James Foley is a
sculptor what the father might you do of
course annual defense not to I don't
think the fetch my cheese named after
that did we
what do you think you'll be on father
Mathew Street
you see Ireland you see when you come to
Ireland it disparage music on the
streets all the time it's like a Kaylie
it's like Kaylee on any street that's
the rules if someone starts to do with
Jake everyone has to join in it's like
one of those flash mobs is that that's
like it's written into the law that you
have to participate if one person starts
a jig everyone has to just get it out of
me like gee do I understand to this girl
I did did you do it you do it in school
Irish dancing Oh got it
I remember I hated it but we have to do
it I don't get to do it anymore guys the
walls are done you can actually see look
that's an outdoor like a drive trail you
know for Greece you know summer lovin
had me you laugh like that's for Rizzo
and I ordered Eames those rural Rizzo
was it Danny Danny Rizzo
ah leave a comment if you know all of
the oh my goodness the baby spot inside
the door is available
it says no entry does not matter sorry
she's become a true vlogger with a baby
love the way the baby and me yeah look
at this huh
you grow unlimited tomatoes huh imagine
that you could grow tomatoes your
favorite
you get to bite us is it to na9 for the
whole thing raised bed keeps bugs out
oh my god why can't one of these that
will be so cool and then this cactus
that's so cool besides it
criticized it this one huh they so cruel
you probably shouldn't touch any D's in
there there wow that is so cool isn't it
I can't believe it cactus screwed up big
in Ireland huh and cactus want to make a
cactus friend I never knew in Valley
City they sell morning powders freeze me
stop getting everything so awkward to
find you know unless of course you live
in Super Value in Middleton then you can
get it it's like the only place other
than the Farmers Market on a Thursday
the big chocolate Belgian cake back ten
times over and just like comatose myself
look at it okay
wait it's a Belgian chocolate cake with
an Irish flag that's conflicting it's a
European chocolate cake okay get the
cappuccino cake yeah just don't tell
anyone okay
you wanted toasty sandwich do you want
to toast attended whoa got hammered
she's toast attached ah
YUM
what do you think is it hot
nobody acting huh white lights
dear laughs let's put you down somewhere
safe
what run for your life Nevaeh
Nevaeh Nevaeh Nevaeh Saucony chole right
I thought you were gonna I thought you
were gonna seek help seek psychiatric
help how to quit Alby she needs to quit
Alby you guys got any tips leave them in
the comments below
she says she's addicted to Alby but
don't do it don't do it in the van yeah
was that bars I remember not that one
probably not that one deaf oh not that
one a couple of these bad boys 1 3 3
three four five six now
maybe not impromptu sit sit good girl
Sina tio 2 years innovate new we stole
it
your phone's weird in phones got mental
sick yeah hey yeah I guess it Cena why
have you come back
look at her she's come back for another
one where's the one I gave you hey he
said to me give magic beans for that
treatment I said that sounds like a
great plan so many turns take Erica and
he decided to bring a friend along I
better bring him on an adventure because
everybody else is like eating their
treats that we bought and he just was an
interest in it and we're kind of keeping
him separated as well now right now me
join the adventure or attracted Roshan
as well haha oh my parents you tracked
one kid to get a pilot our kids my
brother is the same as well he's got a
daughters teenage bride same age Erica
and he's like he inherited and then her
child her best friend who comes like
everywhere with them so it's like he had
one candy and arbitrate so apparently
there's a Peppa Pig Twitter account
cause at Pepin egg
so Pepin nig and it's like and you guys
know about it are you gonna follow us
Barry what did she say like she hates
George and so he says like weird stuff
because sometimes like you ever watch
pepper like she is benefi she's kind of
mean to George him you know did you see
the one where she couldn't whistle that
was the best one ever
and then she she called said she called
Susie sheep up and she's like June
everywhere so Susie she whistles and she
slams then the phone on her and she
walked away thanks so cool and finally
Albi
mmm you havin fun you havin fun on your
adventure oh my god
this is why you don't have a baby on top
of you what have you done to me oh my
goodness clean this mess up
ducky in a muddle lands right in a muddy
puddle Oh turtle tries to help him out I
help you my friend he falls in with a
great big shoot dunking turtle need a
wash what's the next line yeah hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
