you want to walk it dog hear me just
walking the dog
captain okay well then who wants to make
some paper mache or anything you know
where to come for some spare paper oh my
goodness well you know what you knew
this because you've probably been
trapped up here all morning party each
day this we do in Ireland bit a Sun in
the sky it's like oh my god blue skies
everyone turn at each don't waste time
cues on wind goes down hello is there
crazy tons huh oh yeah Oh Mike here huh
so Mike here guys you think so yeah okay
I'll be I'll be this is what they're
used to huh I should I feel like I
should blog about clay
yeah yeah that was on the way to this
actual yeah right here at the edge
zoom in right there duck right there at
the edge up doors close oh there you go
all right guys let's go party at the
beach sign has gone off with Erica and
all the dogs and I'm left back here
because we had a bit of a problem
didn't we have a bit of a problem oh I'm
gonna try and get it sorted okay we can
do a team I want you to put your hand in
some sand and play with it look at this
mess
I'll be here with me sorry I'll be lucky
can I see one little area stuff
I can't get out though my god imagine
letting them all off I don't leave you
get the ball back joy they probably
would come back today or a B and C of
course Aventine are fine just eaters
they try to get so excited
goodbye Cena fighting at home
oh I Taylor having the time in their
life we're all gonna sleep tonight
send class Oh
Oh crab hunting are foreseen is very
rapid thing look crab rat hunting let me
do see stuff is this funny is this a fun
time oh look woody the leaves I did so
great for emergencies you just have to
step on the leaves come on come on javi
doesn't like walking on air stones come
on Abbi come on come on let's go let's
go
yeah just picking up like blowing in the
wind yeah that good
what do you pop into but tell me what's
on your iPod look she just kind of
picked it up you want to walk it dog oh
now don't put sand all over her face you
got the lead again
Oh Oh No
you can have it back you can have a
button in here come back and Amelia
doesn't like she really liked it but
then
it's great to see like all different
laughs but then you can record your own
if you want to and we did what we did
like the minute we started recording our
laughs and melee I was just like and she
has knots my lips in like she's so like
confused and worried everything the
first time we did it like Erica wasn't
here the first time I did it with her
and I recorded a really crazy like taco
so trying to like different ones I was
trying to think of different labs to do
one that was like a tactical but I don't
think she likes this right so do you
guys remember when I was like tophi
please defrost the entire freezer and
not just one drawer well I just don't
think the free this thing's gonna add
some veggies and look what happened
observe it's like they're North Patrol
yeah it's the north pole of our handsome
let me put my hand in there hello Asian
style vegetable think how are you
supposed to even okay we need reason to
oh it's so bad don't try this at home
kids
know what's gonna happen is you're gonna
walk through it and put money funds on
this time why did you put the why did
you want it now what you're getting your
foot you're supposed to be wearing your
slippers anyway but why would you put a
UI in DePalma
it's not rice what do you get there's no
other way to get the veggie Frost your
clothes
yeah ah defrosting the freezer what do
you want me to get the veggie editor how
large our family is now huh a larger
family is now keep it a little bit
delicate thing in it hmm Tommee Tippee
there's not ha me tipper oh my god look
it's like you're at your iPhone thing
Scott sees green dye green huh take your
places everyone
you and all your doggie friends see she
is August not be Donna Mina's having her
first green tight hurry first we went
for the green bean she's completely
ignoring the chicken and she's going for
the noodles what's your favorite but the
bean yeah she had to be in fully mm-hmm
you got something to say you got
something to say
did she said it she said my mom was
trying to get it now and that's it son
video it didn't happen that's what
they'll say
fit my mom my mama hey mama like I'm
fine what you just saying dad that what
mmm just thinking you just pondering
Emma oh my god I might get my jet what
they said Emma no but you gotta be Emma
OMA or mama me ma she doesn't said Dada
was that did you just say what did you
just say yeah if she goes your face I
think I'm saying your container that was
close
someone could say that was no mama
Amelia you have hit warp factor 7 hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
