it's the morning time and we are back to
head on a little adventure but first we
just received something very special
what is it again it is that this is the
version of the book that you're going to
get by in shops when that I had so far
was like a kind of a mock version oh
it's in sigh oh no there's more wrapping
so much
it's so cool that's their final final
bachelor real bone yeah it's really
shiny and everything like it's like a
proper book doesn't it so cool you guys
there's still tickets to the UK tour the
Irish tour is sold out was the UK tour
it's okay if you've not actually able to
make the book tour or you live at site
UK you can pre-order the book right now
on Amazon or you can wait less than a
month and you can go into stores and you
in England I think in ours I'm not sure
but it's gonna be in all the all good
book shops yeah or you can order an
Amazon how shiny
all right so Amelia has all her birthday
money that she got got fifty five pounds
plus one pound from the tooth fairy
so you have 56 pounds yeah well some
people gave money instead of cards
that's happened sometimes and the guardo
has one pound to spend oh it's in a
bitch huge slab we all going I mean
that's why I knew she there and when I
come when I get that I'm gonna show you
love you if I were a toy even if for a
day all right we made it we made it guys
you can plug in the shop you can use
you're a professional blogger now I
should just retire so they charge the
camera
the pink house does you have a little
house like that it's got everything
alright let's go into the superstore
what turning it off if you weren't a toy
okay follow me follow mommy how do you
even know a Pokemon is just take the
first thing you see and go oh you mean
oh my phone remember in the Pokemon app
thing was the big deal last year
Eduardo tell me what was your plan what
did you want a doll that has shoes that
never gets lost
Oh am I gonna so duardo wants a doll
which use that never get lost there's
some baby oh yeah we watched Moana this
morning you've lost the shoes off this
one so you want to buy the whole thing
again just because you lost the shoes I
don't know let's try something else
mister
Winnie Morrow there's too many dolls to
choose from which one are you gonna
choose you want bow there's bad live
shoes though Oh who's that
Oh snow white oh sorry okay I don't I
don't look I don't even actually have
shoes and these ones oh she has shoes
Eduardo's a shoe man shoes you can tell
our kids don't tend to go to toy shops a
lot what she does of shoes let me see
let me check she does she's got yellow
shoes oh my goodness I mean look it's
wooly and dig there's more Eduardo so y
know is gonna show I can go
what about Alessi guys let's get Alessi
or something what no I'm sorry what are
they how did you not remember all about
these are my favorite yeah hello smell
cupcake dolls hold on guys we're making
cupcake goes do you eat them they do
have the hatch Emil's here what hold on
look there's different ones emedia
what's this a giant one newest obsession
lego friends because her friends all
have them right which one we're and now
we won't know what I saw LEGO Friends
alright so which LEGO Friends set was
were we thinking about happy calendar oh
oh my goodness the big ones I don't
think that's gonna fit in the bag we
have babies so take a small one get one
small one oh look at this one in here
look it's a doggy partner No yeah bigger
the better is that would they say
instead of all the toys that wardo has
seen here at the biggest toy shop in the
world he has chosen this pig good me no
just give it to me no just give it to me
there we go children are gone so the
plan is they can put whatever they want
into the thing right but then at the end
they can only choose the things them is
within budget but I said you can put all
the things you want in there huh no way
look at - I've invented something that's
pretty cool
all right we've had to split up because
Amelia wanted to go back to the lego
friends but eduardo want to see the cars
I understand that okay I understand you
I also want to buy all the cars but look
at this word Oh a quad no no no cuadrado
you know we're trying a TV but look at
it what that thing would be so cool I
could get one too let's see let's see
let's see now Edoardo this looks like
when we already have though we have the
G Wagen so we don't need that move on
we had no that's it that's the same
thing here's a Batmobile the hell look
at this wardo this is crazy
how does it work let's have a look it
says it's a 12-volt ride on what do you
think of that one I think you you would
you'd push that forward and then is
there a button to press here or
something there's probably some sort of
a
but oh yeah yeah when you press that it
goes forward but there's no battery in
it
what will not be cool though
yeah if this works like imagine you
could drive it along like this you 750cc
home lies there and then daddy could get
one just like this but a real one and we
can go into the adventures together
yeah join a little singing Elfie little
friendlies so we're trying to find
something for Alessia emedia have this
 i media had this fair world
everything that i mean it didn't want
you mean he'd want to get look at nests
yeah you like this yeah let's just get
that and back to the LOL dogs this so
I'm gonna let these things here alright
so media princess mobile castle not that
one or the Lego junior easy to building
frozen Lego or mobile yeah instead of
this okay so fingerling or hatchling
fingerling okay and what what what is it
he'll forget we don't even remember what
no no no no immediately got the
fingerling and the princess mobile thing
and he got the Bella and the thingy and
then Amelia can have that and what you
want the hatch email oh do you want to
shimmer and shine or the hatch Mouse
shimmer moon shines all right good deal
and then Alessi is what no no that's the
stuff we leave this is the stuff we take
that's a good deal now guys okay we're
back in the car all the toys have been
put away
all right go home all right guys look
here's the situation here is the stitch
pick them up I've got a baby on me Oh
it's called a lightsaber and you have to
go Amelia when you shake a lightsaber
you have to go boom boom do this and I'm
gonna hear sound no listen boom
boom we got home we made love the Lego
toys we hung out we had some food hung
out watching mallanna's and things like
that
we're also vandalizing a car right now
fresh air is always good before bedtime
a piece of hair skin is falling off as
well like what a day what a day
ready whoa whoa there giant bubbles huh
whole new world it's going in a victory
over dinner's on the table dinners on
the table it's a nun DOS dinner guys
dinner's on the table you you there you
there you there I see you there career
to be career to me you little come here
come you know right
daddy's mixing it up
Jeepers Creepers right ready
I know let's go let's go
dinner's on the table dinner's on the
table
wash your hands get your bus
Watto he's water in water happy really
hot if you talk like that put that
accent on for a day hopefully we do a
book tour in New York Asian or I've been
talking about for years going to Texas I
think Adams most excited for Annabelle
class accent in our UK and article tour
is that correct
I like the Scottish one Glasgow is gonna
be cool
Oh Bluewater
will sound like
