each foot each foot ah your what meeting
your own but this is a foot eater
yeah no fun either
we in the world today guy is that like a
Nescafe ad or something hey buddy this
is who sees Mercy Mercy Mercy Mercy
Mercy Mercy the earthing engineer by
myself oh you're both going at the same
time like let's see it's like music so
she said she does my mom told me she
used to do that oh that's crazy
I don't even tell like her teenage years
used it every time teenagers like
rocking back and forth
maybe all right lights inward or outward
chose inward so we're planning to do a
draw my life today what we're planning
to do a Bianca Navy draw my life today
huh how much point is that going to be
how much fun is that gonna be any one
thing that's new when I sing a song
hi-ho hi-ho it's off to work we go with
a video a day and make you some hey help
so we're gonna shoot in here because
make it easier Branagh also look I was
figuring I have to break the illusion
right I know it's gonna sound silly but
I don't want a human hand cuz I feel a
lot like it create breaks the boundary
of the illusion that it's be yankin
strong I like if we're gonna call Bianca
can say like all my mom through it it's
like I know what if you kind of I feel
that like it breaks the illusion you
know you're creating this illusion it
sense that Bianca's draw at me and I
feel like it would be better if in the
name what do you think you agree with
Maya my theory behind the video yeah
yeah yeah
okay first I got address the media
I'm being trusted to dress in mania for
an OOTD video this kind of never
happened
look who I got to work with today hand
huh look what Mommy picked out for you
huh I didn't get to pick out the clothes
I guys I was missed I was misled I
thought I was picking at the club it's
probably best hey I owe me I want to see
you me they show everyone your t-shirt
dippy dippy dippy dippy dip with me huh
if you want bump up a tasty cup tea it's
your friend
lb oh okay I'll be laid up because I'll
be jewel shake doggy little stick
doggies are allowed up are they
Judi everyone else getting annoyed and
I'll be up here huh
alright um are we teaching Oh after the
unfortunate we're changing the dippy dip
each foot each foot
ah you're what meeting young but you're
such a fun eater
Carol fun either you gotta be gonna come
back in here easy easy like is he busy
oh goodness what was that
oh no that oh oh my toes like this ah
don't notice whom I don't know I just
somebody made gold noises we need to
know what's what did you huh
oh is it
ah well hello there
huh look at you huh is that you're so
pretty
you're so pretty huh what's that is a
little dress I mean you're so pretty
it's so pretty
oh say is the new Indian
we did my son
what are you trying to trying to get
Amelia to nap upstairs in the co-sleeper
because I just think it's a lot easier
plus getting your you suit at the moment
I think she does like 20 minutes or an
hour at the most
so actually I think it's just keep
getting used to the idea of sleeping
alone
mommy talented huh
you said she could jar how's that food
community was made
yeah I knew he's the enemy
he made a really angry like it okay it's
always a shame to rub it out afterwards
can I go over here yeah I think so I
think so just check yeah yeah you have a
little bit room and then I have another
sister cut new Felice novella and then
she's she's evil she's met my enemy I
don't we don't get along at all and then
test me hey little buddy what you doing
in the chair there
what you doing stepped into a chair huh
wait you don't strapped into a chair huh
what you doing what do you think need to
stretch it out there you just stretch it
out huh what's your plan you try and get
by you trying to get by what's wrong
what's wrong what are you doing huh are
you doing you want to come down come on
come on I'm just toying with you who
else is up there
Oh nobody are you up here on your own as
much are you doing okay oh look this
doors open well what do we have here huh
what do we have here is it a little Oreo
you don't need to all be oh I don't know
if you're supposed to be in here or we
owe Nina Katz and your kitty cats around
kitty cat comon boom boom boom boom boom
see you later
I wasn't gonna like it yeah that's right
you had some leftover food um Erica gave
Amelia a cupcake serious intentions well
we were trying to take a picture you
bottle Eric on Instagram I'm trying to
get picture yeah of Amelia grabbin the
actual cupcake and it checks you grabbed
it like stuff in her face
we're like uh-oh Oh spaghetti oh did you
get did you eat tomato don't lie to me
did you eat tomato look at you huh
Xena's on the scene or check I don't
ever can cheese we stopped two walls one
mole on tomatoes you have her man and I
think he ate you you gonna poop tomatoes
you can have tomato poop and here cuz um
feeding her with an airplane spoon eat
you dessert
see this what happens I turn on the
camera and she's completely distracted
it's so annoying it's like oh she eats
really well but not on camera
okay girl okay girl you like that this
is what she's having now is the banana
custard it's actually the charge mister
first time having a jar baby food
because I didn't want to throw it I
threw out the to meet ones that Jonathan
got for his challenge because I just
thought they were kind of gross
but then I kept the dessert ones because
it's just fruit and then this is the
banana custard one so this is her first
time having that and so far joke she
likes it sit then and mommy's stuff
actually I haven't made her a dessert
yet um she's only really had fruit which
she likes too but we just taught her a
little
yeah good girl mm-hmm she just wants the
camera she just puts on his show for the
camera so funny yeah so she didn't have
she didn't really have a second nap
today she had one short one this morning
which she usually does and then her
second one is usually her longer one we
shouldn't really have she kind of had
half a one in the car and that's why I
decided to do this so it's like 20 to
7:00 now so it's a little bit earlier
than she usually goes down it's not even
dark yet it's like for me fright and
it's light but I just thought it would
be better if I could just put her to bed
and then we can have a pizza time baby
so finish up and then we'll do bath time
and she's really happy that her auntie
Erika's here she loves and here cow and
so as I hope he's happy too
so who is a fan of pizza on a Friday
whoo like press the like button if
you're a fan of pizza don't press the
like button even I'd be dead and in real
check it's like a poll will run a poll
today because so I put anything like
pizza and maybe maybe I'll get maybe a
winner pizza between your wife 20 yards
got this one that's where we keys hi I'm
this one that's for Nene's and joke
controller special just this one oh yeah
it's like a barbecue but then take off
the onions throw on some pineapple
that's your jokes party what are you
doing still up what are you doing still
up Amelia what are you doing what are
you doing still up look at these cute
little PJs they're so cute
they're for 12 months like what the hell
I thought she'd be fitting into them
when she was one but instead
she's almost eight months oh my god I
can't she's almost eight like that
sounds so old
why are you eight months how many days
today's the third so four not four days
no what three from eleven I'm so bad
about eight you okay eight days is that
like yeah I did for as much do it
obviously hey Bianca um so yeah bedtime
didn't really work out she slept for
like 15 minutes and then woke up and
then she was like wide awake even though
she's had like martini naps well she had
one half hour nap in her bed today so I
don't know what she's running on maybe
the peas from earlier or the banana the
banana custard oh my god Bianca you're
the only dog that goes on the play map
don't okay don't I don't hate you
and she keeps trying to crawl how cute
the little cupcakes hmm you keep kind of
crawl daddy's gone out so we're just
hanging out here imagine she imagined
she took her first Lake crawl when he
wasn't here hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
hahaha
