go go go go go Victor come on you can do
it
okay no you can do it blue this hand
this hand
no fella hey there little fella
sorry I knew vets first thing in the
morning
and they're gonna take him straight away
so she said bring a man at half
so if 50 ml which is not that far away
anyway so oh he's okay I just wanted
like you know peace he's perfectly fine
yesterday morning you know and then sort
of just tried today he just got worse
you know I wanted to be fall off a
carriage already to eat something in the
car hey there buddy
look at your little fork you get your
little fort huh huh idiot time so I rang
the vet and he said to take them
straight away so I'm gonna go there now
look at this weather we're having today
crazy it's like super submarine today
super summer I'm very excited about it
being super summit not happy by my
little friend here shivering away it's
okay homie
okay because he knows he's like me I
don't know if he knows he's like the
smartest dog I've ever met doubt like so
intuitive you know he knows when things
are going on so I think he may know
where we're going
because you know he's not going to dare
to get his hair cut because you're never
gonna dare try on your own whenever a
dog goes off in their own like this
normally it ends up being a vet
situation but I am you'll be okay I'll
be there gonna make it all better
gonna make it all better I promise you
I'll be there in a minute
hey buddy excited who's home
alvey's home oh he's always home so he
got medicham loads of it we have to give
him so I'll be like he said that you
must be like you sprained his back area
here somehow oh poor little I'll be all
you know I'll be cops leave nice
comments leave nice comments for me so
you're told to keep them away from the
puppies and just give them a nice
relaxing time which is not a problem for
you is it it's not a problem for you you
on the other hand what are you gonna do
with you are you putting on makeup what
have you got there maybe got there this
is my list of ingredients that I need to
buy you just get a mini addressed but I
need to get immediate dressed do my hair
that's still not done so cuz I wanted to
I've kind of like rediscovered my love
for I don't know you should be here cuz
it looks like it's a boy's room much to
you and I'll be asleep in the bed
it's do you and javi and Dad it's a
boy's room
what are you doing here what do you even
in a boy's room
do you know boy things do you know boy
secrets you know boy secrets hmm
taeo will be the only boyfriend you'll
ever have he's gay right
okay you're gonna have Alby as a
boyfriend too but that's it that's it
it's nothing well you can't actually see
her we were like can you feed him in the
end she falls asleep like - but it's
really good because she's nothing in her
cuz I was like oh goodness first time
parents who just like make all the
mistakes you know like next time well no
but like I kept going over and back
between my back and forth between her
getting hurt asleep in her crib and then
getting her just a co-sleeper and she
never got used to either but now I'm
like okay I'm just gonna commit to one
bed so let's just start with closely
first was in our room the curtains are
drawn everything is like perfect that
door is closed and she's been sleeping
for a while now the trick is is we have
another kid ya know tonight when you're
giving birth in the hospital that I'm
not allowed to stay over that night
because you might be induced again
mm-hmm and that might write them home
that's the night where I will get
immediate to sleep in the crib yeah Dana
for now we can put the next baby in the
pet with process chugga-chugga-chugga
took they took it parenthood is
hardworking else anyways the depends I
think my parents are four kids
I have tasks that I have to do around
the house like don't I like vacuuming
and
I gotta clean windows you gotta wash my
clothes you got to make my dinner
clothes wash my car um just one thing
led to another and now we're here and
she's like fast escape and were like we
need to buy ingredient I'm starving too
yeah no were starving today hey pretty
girl ya did oh my get you a really nice
outfit
she did she did you want some num nums
you hungry
Oh big stretch it was a pretty girl
whoops yeah you ain't no nurse would you
want eat doing what are you doing
you're like stretching out your arms or
something here's to freak okay so we're
gonna have some no nose yeah I've got
like an empty fridge so you excuse you
did you just burp pretty nice all right
you're on some bread want some tuna
sandwiches I've got no veggie well I
have you know I have rocket that's like
about it
Oh with carrots and peppers I could do
something with that maybe Carol so
meaning I was having some green peppers
and some tuna sandwiches mm-hmm chopped
top that's just two now a little bit of
mayo in there um and some pet abroad and
then I'm having pretty much the same
actually except I added some rocket to
mine we really need to go shopping
movies just keep putting off the big
shop so I think I might try and do it
online because you know it's just so
hard to get out when we're filming
during the week it's so hard to get out
and like do like a big shop so we find
that we're just doing like little mini
ones here and there and then you never
actually get everything you need and you
just have to go out again not really
annoys me she's like what's going on can
you guys see make she's rocking back and
forth apparently my mom used to do that
she was telling me about this morning
she used to like rock back and forth
whenever I could until she was like even
older like a teenager I think are like
older when she used to listen to music
cuz she loved music so maybe you know
that's up from her cuz I heard how kind
of music starts going like popping back
and forth it's really cute after
carefully looking at the picture okay
figured these right there little square
things we can unravel these I take the
basket okay I thought like maybe is
there pink and hook them like I like the
old sandwiches like maybe kind of stuff
okay
little butterflies like in May is there
any more licorice
that's twenties each one of them is a
real hold on let me open it
okie doke ease nice little status set up
get the camera here I mean it'll short I
reason I used to met the shoulder man
because when shooting em these things
tends to actually long Peter if I'm
holding him so it's a lot he literally
oh the shoulder mouth does it you're
gonna watch put you over here buddy put
you here oh brightness is our collection
of ingredients
you ready to get out of business
wait are you waiting to get a finish
alright let's go so this is what
immediate for her lunch tonight we're
having tons of these some of these
couple of them few damn what is it look
so cool-looking though it's like it's so
laid out like this Plus this
yeah I'm gonna take pictures MP that's
right we're all in the mood for a dirty
ball Gras giveth adore t bother people
say give us your daughter is born Horace
you're a filthy door 3-ball go give us
about the border it was a dirty filthy I
think I'm gonna go to Hawaiian becomes a
pineapple I'm a good knife the Cajun one
says go to a filthy water and a large
pocket I mean just some fancy chips some
filthy dirty bourree bourree bourree
bourree bourree watery dad doing
daddy doing huh is it crazy new they're
newbies newbies you feelin better than
everybody you feel better
he's all drugged up he's having the time
of his life huh
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do what okay you can't see you can't
steal that you can't double staff a
triple stamp you can't double
did you show your friends your top how
the and Sina and the anger and the rest
enroller - don't you see my abilities
you know to steer my frogadier
don't you steal my rocket geez you can
steal my Benji's but don't you can't
hear me oh don't you get me don't you
get me don't you get me do you alright
we're gonna keep look what I gotta go
wake the bath you stay here
you ready you ready do it do it do it
good girl go go go
Nixon good you can do it you can do it
you can do it blue this hand this hand
oh good job good job
you got it you got it you got it
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
