right oh this is just wonderful my
life's perfect my skin is burning
hello nobody did you have for breakfast
oh you guys see this like there of
Weiner bags
no oh you've made a best friend you've
made the best friend huh huh oh goodness
oh my god it's like it's like sandpaper
on her oh wait yeah I know lemon juice
or something isn't it
don't let the wet wipe don't let the wet
wipe
don't let the wet wipe need a little
something there don't let go awake don't
lead to my wife what did I just say by
the King to wet wipe she loves playing
in her crib with her toys yeah she loves
that she's so cute so what I do like
every morning after I take off cuz like
she gets so dirty from from breakfast
because the Weetabix so I usually take
off her PJs I'm put her in her vest in
her crib while I get her clothes ready
and I always play ever her outfit
because I don't know I just always do
that so this is what she's wearing today
that was a present from her Auntie her
Auntie Ashley and then these were a
present from her uncle stefano and his
girlfriend Karolina so and then these
socks just matched and i loved the
little brown bow i've liked this brown
bow recently it's kind of like a
grown-up Amelia mm-hm
so and I've got all my folded laundry in
there don't you just love the sight of
folded laundry I love it anyways the
reason I'm not in this video is because
I have no makeup on a little crap so I'm
not gonna show ya anyways okay so let's
get dressed
yay another day another production
it's nothing no pude stuff you know so
today we're doing a pretty cool stylized
like it am a visual a beautiful visual
art piece with and narrative and
stylized really well it's pretty cool so
you think the topic and what's your your
makeup story you know what is my makeup
story oh you a tall dark hair my makeup
story and I just think it's gonna be
really really cool it was really cool so
we're gonna shoot that now you guys may
have already seen that because we
already pops it up in a star light if
not go watch that go watch that after
after you watch the blood over and like
this and leave a nice comment hey yogi
you look amazing today oh thanks Oh
told you oh great let's put it okay
thanks love you white bread forever J
alright we're ready we're all set up mmm
that's where you put some music on keep
it quiet
hi ready let's go more beautiful more
confident and I really feel like when I
wear makeup that I can take on whatever
the world throws at me so now it's your
turn let me know what's your makeup
story I just feel like you know what
when we're vlogging let's keep these
lights like oh this is just wonderful
my life's perfect my skin is perfect I
feel so much better with my makeup on
though because you know usually I put it
on like first thing yeah I know either
way
yeah just the whole time I just felt so
like drab or something that's what
happens when you wear it every day
that's why you should wait to wear it
and hear like a young girl wait for a
while to wear makeup because once you
start you can't stop
yeah like Pringles gonna show everybody
what you're having for lunch camper
Thanks there's no tomatoes I'm sorry
chickpea guard inside of the hood yeah
got chickpeas cheese spinach carrots and
some pit up right okay you ready to dig
in
all right Karen
it's matter yeah these are new though
see that's it let's go leave your
comments leave your comments always make
them leave a comment square shake
something chickpea looks like chickpea
Oh or chickpeas have it you had to be a
girl good girl
it's from capable
that's the name there and I love it it's
so cute it's like reading a book or
something I just think it's so snazzy
so it's hermas world is the name of the
like design or whatever and they have
like a couple of different versions of
this I don't know if it's dr. ill or if
it's a different girl each time but um
it's the same on the back and it's just
like a book and then there's like oh
yeah
pocket here and then your ipod just kind
of clips in there I mean this little
smoochy okay but um I just thought I'd
show you guys because I posted an
Instagram of it anyway I'm doing the
vacuuming while Amelia please and then I
need to work on the script using for the
skylight video what do you think it is
huh what do you think you're not Bianca
Bianca ba da ba get Co yankin oh my
goodnes mangas Dan too excited get away
from here what are they doing what are
they doing silly milena excited because
our friend is in the garden oh my
goodness Xena yeah well you didn't get a
grass I mean yeah started then
did you steal the last baby Bell what
did daddy do what did daddy do what did
Danny did not
I never steal the baby bill Oh No hello
oh jeez
we get with your mommy so kind of me get
with your mommy sometimes Bianca snorts
because she has short um what you call
them duck you know do you guys know what
I mean our small tear ducts or something
like that I don't know it's something
about Maltese they have like teeny tiny
little darkness so like connected to
their nose or something from their eyes
there no is something I thought anyways
that's why they have tear stains and
Bianca has a really short nose which i
think means that her ducts are smaller
seem of doing her weird thing Cena doing
Oh golly look Emilia is so funny every
time you put on music she starts like
popping back into work Oh is he not what
are you doing
seriously okay guys there's some kind of
like conundrum happening here CDs oh oh
the Navy what are you doing
and I think Cena might be in heat like
not actually in heat because she is
neutered but they're spayed but I think
dogs still like have a time of two month
or something ooh maybe her cycles are
connecting Cena but um Albie is super
interested in her and really protective
of her so I think like he keeps sniffing
her and stuff so I think she might be in
heat or you know what I mean like not
actually I'm thinking if she were not
spayed she would be in heat if you get
me
also that makes no sense but um it's
probably TMI so if you're like not into
that kind of thing then switch off this
video now or fast forward this part but
I wanted to update you guys because of
the whole pregnancy test situation how I
was like really bloated and all the
other thing I gained weight and there's
something else as well oh my face broken
spots so um
turns out a couple of people were right
including Jonathan because this is what
he suspected all along I got my so um as
you guys know I'm breastfeeding but then
I'm also we're also weaning meaning uh
so she's like she's having solids now
and she's eating a lot more and I'm
almost eight months postpartum I'll be
eight months postpartum like in a couple
of days I think so
I finally got my real womanhood back so
I feel like a real girl now um so yeah
maybe Sina and I are like the same you
know where our cycles are like going
together what do you think Cena is that
white that way are we both in heat
together Feeney's anyways but yeah so
I'm really happy about that because that
means that um I still work and I can
still I'm ovulating and I can make
babies again and so that's a good thing
sorry that's TMI but I just wanted to
let you guys know cuz I was like
honestly I was kind of worried I didn't
know what was going on with my body but
that's obviously what I meant so um
we're gonna hang out here and play some
games we're gonna play some with our
toys okay you want to say something you
want to say hi yeah yeah oh you're doing
a little dance okay
good through my newbies
hey DJ baby hey PJ baby what's up what's
up DJ baby mmm
would you listen to you would you
listening - yeah what you listening here
huh this is the mommies oh yeah you look
so funny funny it's not even on your ear
we take a photo oh we I think this
deserves an Instagram picture this does
I think this does friend because you are
so darn cute we going ready
djenka well yeah what do you think the
theme over there I just I thought it was
kind of peculiar you know some trouble
of Berlin
I think it may be obsessive Kyojin I've
never seen you have anyone other than
feel more comfortable there's more
cushioning and thick maple and it's up
have you watched that did you think it
was epic
I certainly think it's a perky oh
goodness that was a lot of work in that
one but we're having some chicken Corbin
have you gone mental have you gotten
mental you're so fun you're so fun hmm
Judah but but a left foot left foot TV
hello foot TV huh you wanna put any
wonderful you want to eat a foot no I
see a foot you want to see the foot you
want see the foot huh no I see a fight
watch as it's coming along oh hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
