you got it take care oh you got it you
got it
Oh
hi there hi you got bad huh you look so
cute to make better toys later get your
lip balm is our favorite aimless lip
balm and Sheila Pam we got here we got
Missy
we got horsey we got moo cow we got
moxie or something like that
if you guys need a hand here you go oh
what's this one
cranberry joy lip balm would you like
cranberry lip balm and we've got the
wolf he's actually writing what was
actually the work who's actually the
river who's actually oh we got something
the same and we got nothing to say say
good morning oh I'm putting way too much
sugar in here you know why it's Monday
morning nice got a little bit of extra
sugar on Monday morning okay you do you
new a bit of extra coffee extra almond
milk extra sugar extra G look please
want a hug Jesus cries oh no mold oh oh
oh you feel that I'm just gonna hug
these things out sometimes we had a bit
of an air of milk situation I may have
used the last of the almond milk
and I just use the app emoji tendencies
- soy milk but then I did not realize
there was no soy milk either so I got
the I got the end of the stick sides
going in the milk malt boy
there's daddy gun wait dad first an
cigano so jofi has just got it to get my
um my to get some milk cuz he finished
the milk
this morning's like then that's a part
look like hot past ten and I still
haven't eaten breakfast but anyways um
and he is watching Peppa Pig she hasn't
had her breakfast either actually um I
think she's probably gonna have some
Weetabix hey Melia oh you just glued to
the TV you don't care about me anymore
yeah I'm such a good girl
that is a 500 oh my god this is so funny
Jonathan I had like not a fight for like
it arguments morning of it um grocery
shops because we live like across the
road from a Tesco like few guys remember
like when we first around when we first
started blogging that place that we
lived in was like literally across the
road from a Tesco and so we walked there
like that was obvious and we still go to
that Tesco which isn't even anywhere
near where we live but we still just go
to it for some stupid reason but um I
was like it's just Jonathan I think we
need to like we need to start going to
done so you need to start buying Irish
and you know being grown ups and stuff
he's like no the reason is because the
parking isn't good there and he started
saying all these different reasons why
he thinks we don't go but I honestly I
think it's just out of like habit like
we would just always go to Tesco
so anyways um I want to try there
because it actually is better like you
get like fresher food and fresher like
fruit and vegetables and everything not
everything but a lot of stuff is I
and obviously it is better to that like
when we lived in uh Middleton lives in
so many places we live in Milton we
always went to SuperValu and that was
really good because that was like the
freshest stuff it was like local farmers
markets kind of stuff like it was really
good and there was definitely a
difference so anyways I think we should
do something new and try that out what
do you guys think if you're Irish do you
shop like where you shop or like you
shoppin supervalue Tesco Dunn's or if
you don't live in Ireland where do you
do your grocery shopping I think that's
actually kind of a cool question like
leave the name of where you do your
grocery shopping
hi buddy hi buddy
you having fun your little fun time
place now do not hit your head off that
thing yeah oh there you go Charlie close
oh you're mad
yes yeah mmm so you can fit her yeah
are you trying to start out she's too
big for a six-month thing was what she's
no too small for nine to twelve she's
really at nine is there any stuff that
we had got that we never put her in this
is nine-month stop that I'm trying to
sort of and all the nine rolls up I
think won't be fine when is there any
stuff that we had got that was six
months and then no thought it's okay
that see how she hadn't actually got a
chance to wear okay we'll pick one name
up
who is it a girl meaning is in bigger
clothes these are the next size up so
it's actually it says six to twelve
months so it's kind of like yeah you
know it's like it's not like massive on
her but um it's quite long on her
because she's not very tall but um it
fits her so that's good so this is from
Gymboree and then she's got some of
those stocks but we wanted to try it
these shoe Peas that we got this is the
box we got them a while ago and I'm only
trying them now let's get the other one
out what you think do you like them do
you like that you like the cupcake yeah
oh you like to eat them how did I know
that you would wanted to do that okay
Rob Rob Lowe I do not know the word but
I will dance and make it as a gold you
haven't huh
can I get a little big person there oh
what's oh oh no yeah some brown bread
and boot hair you like it you like it
you little face and she had the butter
did you give it you for you feeding baby
look it's a big chicken man yeah you get
salad at least
yeah
hmm
bit of a midday nap was needed lots yeah
doesn't look good this is not good at
all that might be a problem he can be
totally okay and okay oh goodness
that's pretty low hey buddy when she
heard you coming she's all like did you
smile in there like then give a good
snooze
yeah are just the cutest congratulations
you are the cutest baby in the world
what is what what is that
that wasn't me yeah that was not me
oh don't Amelia Amelia say nothing I
think I pumped up the tires I pumped up
the jam but I pumped up the jam Oh God
I'm not Makino we start tomorrow
no I like my head hurt so bad
maybe you're dehydrated because it is it
has got a lot hotter no I didn't have
any coffee today at all you're having a
withdrawal in no jokes you can have you
can have withdrawals and coffee that's
really scary isn't it it is a drug well
caffeine like affects your muscle system
and everything so yeah you definitely
have an effect oh my goodness it is
being so good the weather lately has
been amazing as anyone actually noticed
that weather's been so good lately like
seriously you know what you know what
that's it I've made it it I made a sharp
smash decision I'm going to McDonald's
McDonald's good to keep our chicken in a
picture McDonald's McDonald's good to
garage working on a big drop but Sophie
went too smoothly me know
from P together we can have it
Oh macdonald macdo macdonald still
talked about Te'o coffee coffee
situation at hand
I got a large room so we could go all in
get that coffee into you get that coffee
m to you you feel better
mmm-hmm
get it McConnell saved your life it's
Barry White saved your life said Barry
White
hey buddy what are you doing same with
your friends your family your friends
mmm yeah get back get it back get your
packet back
oh no that's her hair mm good girl like
she's mother you got it take care get it
back media oh good you're back oh you
got it you got it oh you got it
I can swore no don't eat it eat it do it
again it was like so not afraid so just
like reaching it doesn't grab it often
like oh it's so cute it's like the best
ever
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because that would be awesome
Wow
