party night Friday night party night
Friday night cheesy bites Friday night
party night Friday night
Pizza fight Friday and I burn your mouth
Friday night pizza party Friday
beat the party party
oh my god I don't know if it sticks oh
no there's left crap I missed it
okay so the pups were all like I don't
know they were all just stacked sitting
like one was here one was here one was
there and one was there and they were
all just sitting outside and and staring
in like who's so rad we're so weird
anyways I missed it I thought I could
get it on camera cuz it looked funny at
Taekwondo me newbies gonna tell them
about your adventures no okay
website so newbies came upstairs to
mommy and daddy's bed this morning for a
little bit as a little treat because
she's clear that when you're gonna get a
garden furniture where I'm afraid if I
buy garden furniture am I gonna ruin
this sunny wet air prevalent in the
country if I was like beautiful weather
for like four or five days down it's
really sunny yeah like what if I buy the
garden furniture and all the rain pumps
and everyone the country's gonna hate me
no no no no shoes
leave everything the way it is yeah
naked Amelia she's like um grabbing on
to her exersaucer and like throwing her
actually gotta do the thing is out of it
the little stopper gay maybe she prefers
it that way do you like it that way
maybe she's big enough meanwhile Durr
yeah because this thing that thing under
there supposed to be like to make it
water look she's like grabbing the sides
of it and throwing herself I
do you like Peppa Pig oh yeah oh oh you
spoke too soon people we spoke to I
apologize to the people of Ireland but
as you can see it is raining because I
mentioned getting yes I'm dressed EO
pele you my pink get in here tio tio
come on come on look at him he's
forgotten what rain is we go drinking's
from the sky come on get in
chase yeah Oh Oh No huh Oh No
well that's annoying summer's over
summer's over come on let's go well oh
oh oh that's pretty quick you like that
I was just a mess with that hear the
guitar a little Missy hear what he likes
it sucks put this here so you guys can
see her well we need to put it somewhere
everyone can see ready and I know the
guitars out of tune
paying your first time can you guys see
true and you have to picture what
so yeah about that rain apologies our
ontology figure you can forgive me now
okay it wasn't obviously I was just I
obviously know what happened to like
talking about getting a garden furniture
it rains then I thought I'll forget it
I'm not bother getting if the Sun came
back out I guess we're going to have to
enjoy the summer standing up okay I
think that's the situation that's
approaching you where thou shall not sit
if you want to sit down it's gonna rain
it's up to you my friend why for I think
this one is that don't let me get here
it looks really nice hmm
gonna offer pakka huh feel like I'm in
an office no excuses now we have the
Marcus and we have the whiteboard Oh
fits in nicely made for whiteboards hi
hi friend how are you fast asleep okay
poor you are you or are you what's going
here who we got oh oh well if it is not
little Smurf oh fish for fish oh boy oh
boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
oh boy oh boy oh boy
hello everyone oh this is cuddle look at
the first time you ever killed a cat on
YouTube I noticed someone else in here
hiding away from me Nicholas Oh Nicholas
Nicky oh come on Nicky
come and play so some chores
who knew clear smudgy so my juice and
Oreo is around here somewhere why
doesn't trust me
keep him keeping his distance her
distance so we're putting a nice twin it
fancy toilet seat I was just going to
put it here but then I was like that
might be a problem so I'll probably put
it on this device I'll look at matches
the bloom it's like ocean you know don't
eat - don't eat - dad is like fun he's
anyone
he's anyone yeah she had a tile earlier
Oh a tile was his holidays like
oh I know she is her dream tomato heaven
how do you think you love it
oh yeah annoy okay huh oh sorry sorry
sorry sorry sorry I've broken everything
this apparently is the most expensive
bottle of beer in the world alright so I
want that I want that actually look at
it this is crazy crazy I'm gonna
actually give it to Amelia now it seems
she thinks here you go guys Armageddon
look at that 65 percent proof sixty-five
percent for your proof
oh my goodness like vodka what's vodka
like 20 percent 12 percent or something
even what for it's pretty low down the
scale of like 65 like that's like
poaching or something but it's a beer
it's a beer Oh kill this you think I'm
mozzarella balls huh you kind of like
having a crazy friend I know somebody
saying that yeah when she goes to
Sorrento caprese haven't we're bringing
you to the buff Alito oh yeah that is
mozzarella
and then front ok I didn't go on it it's
not for me just well what is it when Han
come with us empanadas yeah what's
empanadas
it's like a yeah Spanish Italian revita
lines it's like a savory tart yeah kind
of yeah
pastry anyway cool this is a nice spot
isn't it yeah
doing that to change oh just changed
again see now it's all gloomy like Clara
all right papa let's change your nothing
we change your nappy naps
it's not no mistakes now I was watching
yeah there's a better song so we have
the whiteboard set up and is adding to
my my terrible drawing skills your one's
gonna be so much better when it's gonna
be terrible looking I'm not very skilled
in the Oh God
oh geez but I wanted to get one of these
anyway for our production plan friend
what you laughing at huh you having it
out me
you
oh my goodness it is now a half eight
it's later half a it's almost 9:00
I started to draw my life and about half
five the older you are the longer it
takes you to do a comic like you should
get like tokens so it's definitely not
gonna be up tonight because like I
haven't even done the narration we told
a story made the video I just recorded
all the stuff so that's done now so
sorry guys if you were expecting it like
yesterday few guys I just I'm destroyed
I haven't the energy to put into because
I want I want to record with the mice
wanna record properly and tell the story
really well you know and it just can't
be done I'm so destroyed and I did have
to leave loads of stuff out as well if
you're if you watch if you've watched it
already which I doubted because some
maybe I stayed up all night tonight
doing it but I get up to leave others
aback cause it's kind of hard you know
like DIF what to put in why not so I
kind of told like a wide variety of
different things I thought you guys
would be interested in um hope you liked
it I hope it'll be up soon I just my
goodness I did not realize how much
everybody guess what everyone said like
when you've done two dramas like all
going to a drama right now it's like
weeks later they put it up because if
I'm probably like doing an egg or like
oh my I much work involved but it's
Friday night so I need to go and devour
a pizza it's a very very important
Friday night thing to do if you haven't
had a pizza today you should just go
ahead and have one right now it's okay
jokey said it's okay pop pop pop pop pop
pop Arnie night Friday night party night
Friday night cheesy bites Friday night
party night Friday night pizza fight
Friday and I burn your mouth Friday
night pizza party fighter
beat the party funny pizza party but in
a pizza party Friday night pizza party
Friday nothing now oh hey now hey pizza
party Friday night pizza party Friday
night singing now see you now see you
now
yeah you got a buddy hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
