you're too clever you to Chloe
you eating your banana good girl you
can't see you really what she's holding
half a banana I'm gonna have our brekkie
now good girl hmm oh so I am I ordered
these things online oh yes rumor has
asked him at CalPERS ages ago a few
people suggested getting these caliper
cover things and now they're kind of
crap looking they're only like $20
online so I suppose like for 20 quid
though look like you know there's the
covers for everything but them I thought
they would be like I don't know metal or
something I can't see these
heat-resistant plus I'm not sure what
would happened if these came off I
thought about painting them as well
what's the other option so I ordered the
the decals which it allowed me to stick
it on but as you can see the dogs got
the envelope and unfortunately they
ain't it on me which is annoying because
these came all the way I think for like
taxes - I'm Annie baby was getting tax
or something I took ages somebody just
took them on here like I just put them
on there cuz I was like oh they're
ruined anyway I'm thinking I'm gonna now
maybe I'll just get the calipers the
real ones I don't know let's see how
precious you are huh let's see if we can
take an Instagram with you because you
look so cute and she has a little friend
coming over today her little friend Faye
yeah
so she looks really cute mom on the
other hand has pretty hair that hasn't
been blow-dried so I need to sort that
out
hey buddy hey buddy hey buddy
you smell really nice mmm very like a
tasty little dinner
easy boy then Oh but gonna be friends
don't poker is don't pucker is that your
baby is it
it's so cute isn't it she's smiling
no actually so cute she's so curious
though isn't she she's like looking at
all like you can have one at em you're
your own one someday maybe wait a few
years though Amelia's monster that's
what I was saying
look at these little little dainty
little things and there's monster hunter
that's it I think I think I'll be bunny
after over marshmallows happy oh my
goodness look at this garden salad here
are you having the chef's garden salad
today huh
look at you huh your little garden salad
when you go for first tomatoes no
tomatoes do you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna grow some Tomatoes then they
can have an unlimited supply and she can
command with me and she have a little
wellington boots on won't you come out
with me to help me I'm just having
marshmallows for lunch wait what
Oh probably house if I turn the light on
these are like fill I've got to fill
lights and I'm using one sort of prime
spotlight we've got the fills on a soft
to light the background this is the one
to light on and then I've got an
indirect source coming through there
very exciting stuff it's a mad baby
feeding going on over there just getting
ready to film every day she's munching
on her little poppy caps you like them
write them like tomato puffs tomato
pulao you want another tomato pull this
yeah yum yum look at the gang hoping
hoping something will be dropped
hoping whoa peanutbutter tube so then
what you want to do is just fill your
cases distribute the mixture evenly it's
a better table spoon or a little bit
more than a tablespoon for each case in
the oven for about 20 minutes you want
them to be cooked to the point where if
you stick a toothpick in it comes
clean just check on them to see how
they're doing because each oven is
different so you want to be able to
stick the toothpick in and for it to
come back clean otherwise check that
it's not too Brown it should be a nice
kind of golden color time for pupcake
okay here you go here you go puppies
here you go
yankin cross is left we need to save
some for Gabby so she's giving some of
these away
who's left Alvey that's yours
oh he's scared of it okay I'm gonna give
you guys anymore I think that's enough I
think I'm gonna give it goes back to
Gabby
good job guys thanks for helping me with
my video yeah that song we're ready or
not here I come what was that
Fuji's wasn't it white crap Sean was not
going to submarine was that
ready or not here I come my camera
rested it was an epic song epic epic
epic oak and pick up you guys we got to
know I sourced a whiteboard or as it was
called a dry white board someone tweeted
me and was like oh it is the place and
Marlborough Street and we should check
it out it's like an office supply store
or something right so I give them a
tinkle tinkle on my Winkle and they're
like yes sir we have one of those in
stock we'd be available to give it to
you so you can do a draw my life that's
what they actually said can i jofi come
on now every way I'm gonna be the lyc√©e
I was the last person on YouTube to the
cinnamon challenge it was the last
person to do - chubby bunny so I wanted
to be the last person to draw my life
huh huh it's probably gonna take me 16
years to do this cuz I don't even know I
had to get around it but I'm gonna try
and pick up the white bar tomorrow white
bar the white bar are quite good I'm
gonna try to pick up the right back bar
on go dry pick it up and get this done
and have it up tomorrow
I'm excited I hope you're excited
someone somebody in this vicinity needs
to be excited right now leave me a
comment let me know be excited my god
what is there in a song
it's amazing oh my god is a pee I might
know my way down I was gay I would think
hip-hop hates me you say they're staying
there he's not going away
what are you doing look at them look at
them chances transfer Messrs chance
would be a fine thing friends couple go
in if you go out to make a mix there
make all right get dinner on the go
honey fringe good you got what you got
what you got there oh you guys want the
rest all right let's get the ciccone ins
on the go Mian we're also watching you
guys watching that a state program on TV
- its documentary about an estate in
Watford you you reading a book buddy and
I comb and a brush and a bowl full of
mush and a quiet old lady who is
whispering goodnight
goodnight mmm right here'll jumping over
the moon
goodnight light and the red balloon good
night mush I wanna say goodnight to the
vlogs and goodnight to the old lady
whispering good night stars night good
night good night vlog friends I think so
yeah we go to her window and say
goodnight to all the things on the road
oh there's a full moon tonight did you
say good night to the moon because the
anger
who's this off night we got the first
baking video hope you guys liked it pop
over to satellite did you like it yeah
the cooked a step up takes taste a bit
funny like no no I think I'm pregnant
guys yeah boys a vicious boy the vicious
growth of tissues that's right buddy oh
my god just body and fat hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
