I think it's been negative um just fine
all right so we got 2 4 we got 6 got
loads of them
here we go friend o or I'm going to a
period that's all
hi friends phooey wake up his best -
okay okay
Oh the supermarket hi guys hey guys hey
guys Oh banana what's my name
if anyone - Nia go for monkey what we
need out
don't you're this oh we don't we don't
we oh we hope it'll eat Oh Bex yum-yum
took away to-do list
thank you laundry poop my to-do list
always starts off that way with those
three things like every single day after
that year my have to do laundry enough
to pick up the poop pick up the poop
then I actually poop yeah and then I am
always like add to that but it's always
like the first three I probably
shouldn't even need to write them down
but I do anyway just what I can take
them off it's like a banana castle I
know it's like a banana I don't know you
know like Stonehenge or whatever yeah
hinge you look so cute and she loves
this I what I did this time was um he go
I'm done it's like she knows they're
watching her hmm
like she'll never like okay you can have
that you can have that do you want this
look she knows they're watching she
won't like do anything anymore good girl
one year didn't make it up
see she tries though no hey brenn see
she's like she told me wasn't doing that
before I know she's all like they're
watching me okay let's go
do it do it do it do it your way to make
EJ we have eggs
nom nom nom nom nom nom
you like blue bites an orange boom
better oh maybe she likes some juice
actually I forgot time for a walk
hey I like your best buddy
I like your best you a drummer boy are
you Tommy Boy
oh look at you it's so funny like it oh
yeah that's classic huh I was just gonna
put it in the copy just like oh my god
and put that in your head okay
all jokes aside your bib is a bit insane
she's like no she does not like be messy
but she obviously gets that for me ah
what do you mean oh my god you see - I
was like Hello they're so cool the pinky
high-five
hi dad hmm
oh my god I can actually eat your cheek
oh my god so I was just like I'm such a
loser please tell me there's other like
people at I can say mom's but it's not
really a mom finished a person thing um
that do like write a to-do list every
single day and take things off right so
actually you guys went to do this this
morning and I kind of added a few things
to it and I just went over if I had
picked up the poop bedsides like I can
just that off I'm just like - loser
seriously by anyways I went over and to
do that and look what I found
Oh what is this make out with Jovi hug
Jovi see something nice
- Jeff it's your dad is such a freak Oh
who's the bigger freak mom or dad oh my
god anyways that's my stew list for
today so now he's ruined it look it was
all my little neat handwriting and now
it's all like scribbly oh my god anyways
I have to do a laundry
that's next I can't really do it because
she's didn't heard a tricky trap and I
don't want to leave her on her own but
anyway um that was really cute so thanks
jofi yes
you know what everyone's 10 is harsh no
one wants to talk about it but because
it's like that then people who might be
suicidal um sons or to Christ they feel
epic that's really interesting you know
what you're talking about is they
driving on the moment to make awareness
of like suicide and depression and all
and the pressure is a funny one you know
like you'd only say to someone off
something so depressed like you know but
like depression like I a'lamin like I
was diagnosed as a very young age of
having like very bad depression like I
would go from like super highs to super
lows and that's part of like you know I
was electro-motive but like you know
when I was taken out of mainstream
school because you know I've been
bullied and stuff and then I was brought
to this like kind of for school kids are
emotional problems and that was like I
have like deeper depression and
depression is something like I wake open
it every single day and every day that I
wake up you never really know where
you're gonna get
like some nation might wake up and
you're super happy some days like you
might wake up and you feel that the
whole world is against you you know you
just feel like there is no point to
anything and it takes like the smallest
smallest thing to trigger depression and
it's like it's something I'm always
aware that I have and you know I always
have to like kind of check myself you
know I said I don't like you know she
always has like um you do not act like
someone with depression I'm like because
I check myself constantly I check myself
you know I always when I'm feeling like
you know I'm feeling the weight of the
world I mean I'm feeling really low and
I'm thinking to myself wait a minute I
think I know what's going on here I
think I'm spiraling and that's what
happens it spirals into a census
depression and I think for a lot of
people you know you can get to a point
where you can spiral so much you feel
like there's no way out and it's very
very sad you know but I think what
they're trying to highlight is that
depression is not something to be
ashamed of it's not something that you
should hide away not talk to people
about or like admit it like and be like
yeah I am because I'm a sin see I would
say down I was like I'm a sin see I'm
very sensitive I'm a very very sensitive
person and I have a depression and I had
emotional problems growing up you know
me and probably a DD and stuff like that
you know and and all those things
related have created me the person I am
but I would not change the person I am
today for anything or anybody because
the person I am is so individual and
unique to me
that I love him he's just he's like he's
my travelin man you know exactly as the
route boys but he's my travelin man and
you know you got a just if you if you
have to pray if you suffer from it
knowing that you're not the only one and
a lot of people do it and it's just it's
about checking yourself you know it's
thinking nothing is as bad as it ever
seems everything gets better constantly
all the time you know I know it might
not seem like it because it's got to get
worse sometimes before it gets better
but there's light at the end of the
tunnel
always there's always always always
light at the end of
after last night's precalc why Anna is
only Wednesday huh here I'll get them
all right here we go friend Tupac yep
I think it's been negative um just fast
all right so we got 2 4 we got 6 got
lows in him
here we go friend Oh or I'm gonna make
period that's all midstream what you
can't take the pranky testy on the fly
oh we've done it twice at yeah we've
done this twice already let you guys
know 100 in this light
oh that's so I'm it's fine while we're
waiting yo I got plenty more
marshmallows because somebody made eatin
a pack of marshmallows not gonna name
names but hey I've just figured a fish
you're not pregnant you have a stomach
full of marshmallows whoop doesn't look
like it folks
uh-oh uh-oh
imagine a circle just like appeared
right be in front of my eyes right now
but it does not look like it folks
I'm sorry ninis I read up on it and it
was like a lot of women jury first
period yeah over a year yeah it might be
your first period because that's what
happens is that you get very similar
symptoms to like feeling pregnant whoops
but um you're not actually pregnant it's
just your body is like menstruating
again and it's like so not used to it
from a year or over well over a year
yeah it's like a year in six months or
almost out anyways um so it's been a
long time so they're like you got
bloated and your boobs feel different
and no the one thing that happened was
my milk supply went back down I never
even told you about that oh yeah
immediately thought of me um moms
getting stingy on the mother didn't know
it was like
nighttime at night time whenever I'd
like feed her to sleep it was like there
was nothing in there like they were
empty and that never happens with me
I've always had like free-flowing milk
like a lot of milk so that was weird and
then I read up on it and it was like
either you're pregnant or your body's
changing or you're menstruating
are you seriously eating all of this it
is tomato
what you got tomatoes spinach avocado
you're like a trooper Romania huh such a
trooper I wouldn't need all that crap
I'd have Smarties twirl Huns burritos oh
look at this new Z Brad we have here oh
no sweet moon little blue are you
actually a bunny rabbit
like seriously just let me know are you
a bunny rabbit
it's like avocado all over you enjoy
that what are you going for now Oh a
tomato
oh no I got it I got it whoa whoa whoa
oh I'm sorry that was too late I know it
was her last tomato as well kicking the
walls of the tomato explosion yeah oh no
sorry look at this look at them all
waiting patiently for her to drop
something George luckily she has it
where's your sock friend ugv looks happy
oh it's gone
yeah all right let's get let's get
chubby with this bunny oh my goodness
excited for an apron on guys Johnson the
apron is like longer than you Oh
more like a joke yeah it says one hot
mama
it's actually mine putting out skippity
right after the Sun turn that off turn
this on
oh my god she just smell something cuz
you can see them driving oh yeah one
fish cake what if I put this here right
on the edge
can you get it can you get it can you
get it
yum yum yum you gonna try a fish cake
why what I ate Wednesday when what
Wednesday Wednesday we're gonna see all
of your one with the bloody salad itself
yeah there's not I mean boys got like
two big breaded fish steaks you've got
like the salad and stuff like that
Marjorie hello there Marjorie Jonathan
respond Jonathan smile in three two one
smiles by the fees that's my baby okay
it's just making noise convinced what's
up smiles x1 for miles
oh my god we should take it to a park oh
wait and put on us a baby swing no my
Jonathan not too high seriously
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joely and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
