good boy in bed cause Bobby's medium so
but we're gonna we're gonna a beautiful
black bag so I fell on in the plane and
I did
Oh
on the train
good morning from it gets very excited
with their conquerors
we got them Alicia and vlog we got them
we're on a walk yesterday with the
doggies and I saw it I knew the kids to
be excited to open their car this
morning if I was upset that it's not a
kinder egg and there was no toy inside
but the Concord is the toy then you guys
leave comments if people still play
conkers wrong as the kid respec home to
put a rope of the thing and then the
playground you hate them off each other
and see if you can break the other ones
and then if you break here when you
become owner and then a two or if you
went too much two three four five six
and the idea is to win like sometimes
you put like nail varnish on it or you
put other stuff on it it's my life
harder than the shell that is the toy
guys by donating in like primary school
or no or whatever school they're in
come on maybe they don't do it you can
keep the shell we're having there for
breakfast now so we're gonna roast that
up little bit of cream cheese it's gonna
be amazing
chestnuts roasting on an open fire
oh you can have these two I'm gonna
toast these yeah what you want near
toasted Chelle this is Amelia's morning
dance song oh yeah great for school yo
don't feel fool
I'm a free woman I'm a free woman just
left the baby asleep well she thought
she was awake when I left but she should
be going to sleep because it's 9:00 and
Jonathan's minding her well like he's
editing but I just
mom's breakfast and to kindergarten
mom's breakfast sorts of weirdos class
moms which I haven't really made an
effort with I've made loads of effort
with Amelia's class because she's the
first one to but this year I made a
conscious effort to do both because it's
not fair she can't remember so I'm
trying to make an effort and going to
the breakfast and doing all the social
things that we're supposed to do but
everybody is really nice actually like
both groups are really cool so this
should be fun and hopefully I'm back
before it well I won't be back before
the baby wakes up hopefully she's okay
she doesn't need a feed until 11:00 so
it should be good for a while so guys
you know we're always talking about
Walker Mama's coming to our town look
look look at it there it's almost ready
it's always riding look at it there look
at it there isn't it neat wouldn't you
like to eat it Oh
so eduardo cunha unbuckle himself Wow
and he can open and close his own
jackets he can take on and off his own
shoes you are turning in to be quite the
capable young man huh well don't put it
on yank cuz we're here now come down ah
you don't need anything you can come as
you are come as you are
oh you were right we're here to get it
Bardot's the photos for his passport
we're constantly looking to get
passports done but we have constantly
children yeah we need to get your
password mr. really does she well we
need to get you a passport mr. if you
want to come on the book tour
do you want to come into a book tour
those are butterfly in the house whoa
all right mister now it's really
important mister that you don't smile so
no smiling no glasses okay I think we
can do it okay hop up on the chair
okay all right no we got it okay so
you're gonna jump on here right and then
we're gonna do is we're gonna spin it
around to make sure it goes is to make
you taller
is that going up or down
can you tell are you getting taught is
that going up okay well did you have to
put your head in the camera oh boy this
camera here okay so sit up here which is
you guys you got a fiber ring okay put
in pocket oh it's money okay for the
perfect photo follow the steps position
yourself in front of the screen are you
positioned you might be too small still
oh boy it's gonna take a while okay jump
off you might have to just stand
got em easy uh-huh still not enough jeez
like it's still not enough okay I have
an idea we figured to - we put it up
halfway and we kneel on it then we have
his head in the thing okay you see this
one here water can you do that face
there
hands down by your side and look
directly into the thing are you ready
look directly into the page here we go
but you do not smile that you close your
mouth yeah we did it you did it you
don't need to put the money in that I
already put the money in luck and then
you ready
free Oh careful don't touch him look the
Coons Mitch good job he did it well
you're not supposed to smile you're not
allowed smile all right that's just the
rules I don't know why would why doges
did his makeup come back dude that's hog
you want that one yeah okay so it wired
oh oh I got my nails done by the way Oh
Eduardo I just put some blush on him and
so we're gonna find it why does favorite
song which is
the Maine is home from ballet and OH
what is all of this why is this this is
a toy box cuz you don't make toys you
have now Henry you know the little bits
from kidding me wow you've so many toys
we found a snail oh my goodness so we
got the x wrong cuz we taught was the
same that Robbie ends yesterday so I
went to the school to pick Emilio up at
the same time because there's wireless
doing them what right bring it up for
you oh you talk to us a present in there
no well no this is the present anyway
yes so I got to the school of 15 minutes
late and as I was trying to throw us all
your parents walking and rolling yeah
we're like no no I got it at school I
was like this doesn't seem right you
know I had to ride it with me and I
walked through to play and it was like
why is sure nobody here and I caught him
Elia with her teacher and they're
heading to the office I was i but now I
know what time Bally ends at first is
what time rugby ends at and wrote me in
ballet guys don't end at the same time
if you're thinking ballet and Robbie
ends at the same time because n't bally
ends 15 minutes earlier there will be
some something to think about huh
this bring back memories remember this
thing yeah when you were a baby you had
this Amenia
yeah we got the kids Halloween air for
today's I'm worried that they'll sell
out so go buy your Halloween octo and
stop in in September and you're
guaranteed is media wants to be a purple
which what you can't be a zombie in
September those rules did mommy say
that's her 20 media I also got some face
paint and like fake scars and stuff
don't scare don't scare her media
Eduardo what I don't think I can put
this zombie it's on you okay that we
film today friend friends
lend me your ears we just watched the
best film of the year friends it's
called mrs. Sloane is it my loan here
are they here it's gonna be Sloane check
it out it's so good oh my goodness I get
five six seven eight this in fact this
insect everything disinfect it has to be
watching from back 2012 to get that
sound but seriously miss Sloan if you
like it kind of a John Grisham political
trailer I recommend watching it it's so
good we just watch it it's so good
did I mention it's so good it's so good
anyway friends I gotta go disinfect
anyway that's all we have for you today
folks thanks a lot for coming along on
this journey I call life you call
entertainment yeah you gotta go gotta go
duckies they're ready for bed we need to
get to dis infections mm-hmm and there's
a robot robot robot robot okay okay put
50 today today
I write these things that I remember
names animal organs at him
hey goodbye my friend I got them I got
them right goodbye friends
I'll see you tomorrow you may sleep in
the fridge
