this with you what a foot think I'm
hoping something
hey girls pregnant it's just probably
bloating or something
so we just finished our breakfast look
at the way to make space
she was milling through it like she
really had a lot and she had banana and
she had juice and I just noticed
something
because I was cleaning her up and a lot
of you guys um had said in like previous
vlogs in the comments you'd said that
you thought that she was gonna be left
handed like her mommy because I'm less
offended I kinda thought like yeah but
it's probably too early to tell but then
today when I was just cleaning her off I
noticed that her left hand was covered
in Weetabix and this one was practically
clean so evidently she was using her
left hand to feed herself a lot more
than the right hand so I just thought
that was really interesting so maybe she
is gonna be a lefty like mom that would
be a fun time we'd beat lefty twinsies
she was good what's that what I'm like
because this is when she's finished
eating and she's tired and she just
wants like her meals and she go down for
her like get change and whatever her now
and so she's really like I see that's
what she's doing right now hey buddy
she's so good hey buddy so let's move
tweeting me last night tell me that oh
that we are on this last night you're
publicly tele you want to watch you want
to watch in public and cheli for people
ahead side are and it's kind of like I
don't like Saturday Night Live or
something like that you know there's
kind of like it's a sketch show but they
just sort of like mock everything so I'm
pretty sure they're probably pretty
nasty to us but I do they said anything
you remember meet the Kardashians wanna
meet the car crashes car crashes welcome
to the second ijou Lisa Damian
Amelia didn't make it they should be on
a chakra bus Julie as he calls himself G
office she just talks Marky Marky oh my
god so long ago we had to watch him so
itself yeah we got like Alfonsina
not just obstacles hi maybe she's an
actual
TV shows are fake they have to be
because real life is unbelievably boring
ladies and gentlemen I give you the
pouring brown sauce on a bomb scene
watching you on TV oh my god imagine
somebody actually narrated our show like
that nothing so pointy you had someone I
did that friend it's just nice really
nice yeah I could see nanami they're so
small go the green but this is all
backing Jacobs the glamour of it all in
laundry it's popular and it's of a lucky
chick know what the splatter yeah mm has
known a really only thing about the
kitchen
it's gorgeous kitchen but I would have
put titled oh yeah I actually can wash
them yeah looks really good guys know
that I was doing what I ate Wednesdays
and I liked them and everything and I I
think they're fine is just kind of a
little bit boring for like the videos I
think they're good for like the blog you
know what I ate blah blah blah whatever
jennife what a Wednesday I'm actually
gonna be doing a cooking
well not cooking baking segments because
I can't really cook I'm not gonna
cooking I don't like it
I do like baking and I used to before
YouTube before you guys knew me I used
to do a lot of baking and like a lot of
decorative kind of stuff what a lovely
sunny day like I put the thing out for
the guys again you want to go in here oh
yeah well this this is just the pool
bags guys when he wants to run to you
aren't you yay good girl younger
kick dogs bag of poop would you like a
bag of poop would you like a bag of poop
where'd you huh you want this what a
mega poop
goodness what you have in this because
it's like a game you know huh
can you get one can you get one can you
get one you let it go huge don't you
know it she's a bird I love your cheesy
puffs hair hair she's super
y'all happy URL put these away you see
people's oh okay this okay this Oh Dan
tan tan I've been expecting you
Jill actually had little newbies on your
lap or something like that like the evil
nemesis I am sick
dr. evil baby evil evil are you evil I
know dr. evil Circle it really evil baby
evil put your little put your pinky put
your pinky look like a kazoo oh okay
just enjoy it'll be cool it'll be what
it'll be worth it you know you are -
dude do you put your put your finger in
your mad
wait I didn't go to I didn't spend five
years in evil medical school they were
called Mr evil dr. evil interpreter
protector doctor doctor doctor doctor
new H new doggy friends you watch him
play Bebo but even being a bee give us
chicken nuggets also we have to comment
or tweet me or something today were like
cuz I was like what's tio as a debo it's
a boy Spicer Spicer PTO is a Spicer I'll
be
despite pseudo Spicer yeah yeah so no
like I'm gonna wear that started leave
me a comment if you're a spy sir
or if you know any spiders girl
sounds like a Spice Girl if you wanna be
my lover you have got to be myself oh
goodness
oh no I ruin everything now kids ruin
everything
come on and meet up it's time to go hmm
so learn try something new we've never
done before we're gonna carry me the app
oh look at her face
ah girls you know it's not happy getting
in here now we're gonna carry her right
and then we're gonna use one of the
trolley things with a little blue
thingies on I don't even wanna be called
a little blue chair
what do you call blue chairs baby see
trolleys baby see won't be in a tranny
baby seat
never using it before so we're gonna try
winning in it so what am I gonna push
around with them when you're doing the
shopping so um yeah Anna spent about an
hour writing at a big list and what
happened were stylists now back at home
huh that's a great start isn't it friend
yeah
anyway you remember it anyway right it
what's the point even ever writing a
list well the only reason they're
members because I wrote it all down
no kiss this girl oh she's a little bit
nerve
huh this is fine this is fine can I get
a phone an what's my name
oh whoa whoa there sorry ladies wanna
come down
look at that did you score Oh YUM
there's so much more fun stuff at seven
months plus the fun the fun begins at
seven months plus isn't it and the fun
begin
okay so since I couldn't find the
whiteboard I went and I bought a ton of
marshmallows so I would do the chubby
bunny challenge because that was the
other one everyone kept saying to me to
do two chubby bunny so I was like oh my
goodness I was due to turbulent instead
of saying chubby bunny though I'm gonna
say saucony Jolie
what are we referring to the trolley
there but I didn't have to pay for it I
didn't have to pay for it I didn't bring
a bike you are one of those people who
why there was a rule who needed a baby
one and there were none laughs because
people did that yeah and what have I
parked here in the baby mommy spot and
do is it Charlie already there for me
I'd be like well that person the party
was very conveniently placed out there
for me Oh again he's really funny so I'm
recording the parts here now that ad
that we missed yesterday friends video
gonna try and get it up tonight it's
actually way more because I didn't want
to just do it like vlog ey to I was like
no no I wanted to be like epic in moon
planes of motion and moving and symbolic
in the god amazing and stuff and then
fight over complicated matters and the
shot sequence just kept bigger and
bigger and bigger and bigger and we're
so tired from Sunday and then end up
like today we're at the point where
we're about to just quit again no like
no I gotta get this done today
so I'm just recording two bits for the
dinner now and I think that we have
everything when I'm trying to put it
together
oh that's pregnant don't be jealous
we'll still love you
we'll still love you in the future - why
are you seeing things moving
yeah okay you just did that yeah yeah I
don't think you not thank you I don't
know what's this with you well a foot I
ain't got nothing something he feels
pregnant that's just probably bloating
or something I bet it's just like your
men strolls and all kicking in or
something weird monster all right I
don't know I never had the man stroll
yes uh-huh what about you buddy what do
you think what do you think huh get out
of my shoe
what quiet what you saying so then you
guys have had babies and seven months
later I looked play have lost pregnant I
deserve it maybe it's like a phantom
pregnancy or something you know so weird
maybe it's a phantom I just in comments
in that I don't know before she goes for
liposuction or has some sort of a
pregnancy no I don't understand because
I haven't even gained that much weight
it's like four three four pounds and I
don't look bigger anywhere else like my
clothes still fair but then I have this
poop saying half before mm-hmm just hop
up can we get a pregnancy test
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
haha
