going to go go go go go go pro
Monday morning
it's Monday on I don't want to get out
of that it's a silly hat Monday that
archetypal Peter Byrne hi hi hello hello
hello in there hello McFly McFly moment
to Jim jiminy crickets ready to get my
groove on this is day yeah this would be
like the second day now of my that's
hopefully today I won't come
I'm parked oh yeah well not completely
kill myself I probably well I'm gonna
need exact same thing but my body may
have got over the shock plus yesterday I
did not landscape my garden I think that
might be the key I think that's where I
went wrong
so motivational Monday video today keep
and keep tweeting me and facebooking and
stuff about anything you guys want me to
talk about you know it's my signal for
good ones I know it was I try my life
guys it's like I have to get a
whiteboard cuz everyone's doing on
whiteboards I'm like I don't have a
whiteboard
I just deal with chalk I was thinking
about getting some like you know paint
and doing it on the wall but then I was
like after I do the first one and I'm
like am I supposed to record so maybe
with matchsticks or something like that
I don't really know the whole media had
food a big spaghetti this morning that
actually looks gross but on your race
and Weetabix if you don't already know
it's like cement to me like I didn't
even realize this before and I've had
when I was younger I used to have we
depict like when I was going to school
and stuff I had Weetabix every single
morning for breakfast yeah but if you're
a mom you probably know this you're like
oh babies and Weetabix
good because it really it dries like
cement and then yeah it's all no way we
mix is even worse because I think it's
like the green or something I don't know
but it look this is gonna be really hard
to get it it's like crazy
hi did you enjoy that
oh yeah and then you know what else she
was doing she was picking up her banana
yeah I'm not really sure how I ended up
in a golf course but I don't even know
there was a golf course in yeah
is there two hospitals the Cobblers up
here oh I think keep dogs go captain
captain and president can I park there
I'm like the captain hi buddy
we made it we made it was known ago of
course wasn't in the golf cars after all
okay buddy
huh
I don't think we should know yeah it's
this place is kind of small though you
know it might be hard to move that
around okay hold on I've just I hate to
plug her back in so sly everybody I know
I think I may have misled you there yeah
I know I know oh my goodness what a
beautiful day what is seriously amazing
day I think we picked up guys like no
wait until we get home you did it today
to the ditch I know you know that I want
that energy I know you know this is my
associate and I told Uncle Duke now eyes
deep
consumption this is my Swedish doctor oh
goodness yes oh and we've got a new big
super excited that's what he needed new
lighting system because we're doing a
tell you later
oh he'll open huh we went to the
cinnamon cottage and it was like all
kind of boarded up and stuff it was like
it looks closed but if there's a sign
thing open you can open open Tuesday
through Saturday or through Thursday
closed Mondays that's a very
motivational Monday no hmm mommy Monday
I know Tom I'll be Monday it's a
motivational Monday it's not will be one
day so what we're gonna Park up I'm
gonna wait till tomorrow
got bangs oh that's lovely I know that
you were filming this discovery section
over here no me - Go Go Go Go Go Go Pro
and then going you want to go hmm you
want to go you want to go they ordered
some lunch for the takeaway because at
the weight now for them to make it now I
give them naked yeah and you're gonna
make you take mom making your lunch
let's make it real lunch and it's such a
nice sunny day today it's crazy because
I was like I'll just wait outside in the
Sun you'd warm it up enjoy it take it
all in you having a nice lunch time you
get cheese in one hand and carried in
the other cheese in one carry do you
know which one's better careful they're
now gonna be stolen from you yeah oh
yeah like the cheese good choice
I'm a fan of the baby Bell you got our
Stumbo's the most expensive samples in
the world I must admit but also I I
forgive it because it's so tasty let me
chop this up for Emilio Emilio Estevez
where is he
yeah you sure okay you got coffee
behold my Mon stories monster amounted
to chicken sun-dried tomatoes
rickety rocket some sort of the I don't
know mozzarella or something what was it
something melted anyway that the old bat
because she has box
I don't wait I got a bap yeah my you got
a bagel meters having a selection of
fine cheeses and some savvy on blog 2006
how is that yeah good girl
you wanna give chicken to them they'll
eat your chicken
they'll steal your chicken what are you
doing she loves chicken she loves
chicken
keep going in Oh stick it in your mouth
good girl okay this is a gang
pick a kebab hang it around huh where's
the chicken where's the chicken did you
eat the chicken or did someone else eat
the chicken there's a bit there's a bit
of water situation yep
who it seemed some sort of a water
situation here y'all just like sit
underneath the ship that Yayoi dadaji's
you Dougy went huh you never eat uglier
ends seen you be able to order them
about as you're pissing a little slaves
so we're shooting em missed all that
video it's kind of cool wait I probably
went up yesterday like I'm gonna put it
up tonight
now I think it's really cool it's gonna
be like a montage she like a day in the
life of like an average mom we're gonna
try and shoot it idea of like shooting
at all POV so I Anna's not really in it
but like all her her arms were cut you
know I mean you've already seen the
video
you guys liked it you've really cool in
it all right
well you need to get to work disruption
on the set disruption what are you doing
meanwhile the crazy seven toilet okay
look Cena's got her tail down she's
shaking and shivering doesn't know
what's going on because I had to Hoover
it and I wasn't like all right that is
quite a lot of bulbs fungal idea hmm
because there's new lighting system look
really cool see it takes dad looks like
four bulbs per head so that's a let's
set this thing up and see what it's like
all right I have one of them set up and
yeah it's turned on OOP it's got two
levels of light whoa all right that's
pretty powerful you see here this is
like the soft and underneath the soft
and the camera will fix itself and be
able to show you that man oh wait a
second easy there two bulbs
whew close this back over and it's
pretty good cuz I wanted to be able to
control the actual light flow until you
know mean all right let's build a second
one Boulos Amelia what are two of your
favorite things banana and ice cream let
me welcome miles of ice cream banana ice
cream do ya know you're like pretending
because you do dude it's banana ice
cream it's banana ice cream
banana ice-cream fine you're missing out
but whoa oh yeah she's gonna need all of
that you're gonna look at mom like a mom
figure mommy doing some ice cream ice
cream face cream you want to be in the
chip shop is that what's wrong it's
because dad told me yeah I know
don't don't don't tell them on the dogs
that I was eating now right chicken oh
blindness all right you're missing some
parts of your trip trap here but can I
do this one-handed race oh it's nice oh
yeah you were talking keep it truckin
buddy oh yeah yeah you know I might look
go nice with some ice cream some
pineapple turn we bought this thing it
is so handy it's so handy look at this
it just turns and it's like perfect
Delmont a man from demo okay so today's
the big man from Del Monte today i'm god
I can't even see you kid this is done
Jimmer good man from Del Monte says yes
it was like a guy in a white suit and he
went to like the fields of wherever they
follow pineapples you go buddy want one
take one pick a good one making it
looking in pick a good one yeah I think
it add it's pineapple it's your first
bite Oh
swim back some water yeah
won't we all want to eat her hand oh she
likes the pineapple mm-hmm
you like that my nipples like free candy
so we just had our dinner right I made
pasta tortellini but look at this little
monster over here huh
look at you huh eating pasta eating
pineapple what'd you have for lunch
today maybe that cheese on my chicken
like lucky to even pass down huh huh
you're pure a Neapolitan huh what do you
cheat corner corner Neapolitan yeah but
your beakers up up but your beakers up
up hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
