call the crazy police you're like you're
getting that actually lifting that off
the ground friend niggas oh my god
you're gonna topple it over
morning friend morning friend you just
hanging about huh just hanging about in
your needs
you are nudist what'd he pay me girls
are nudists tell me what to do what to
do huh not only are you a nudist but
you're obsessed with the camera what
kind of career are you gonna have buddy
huh you should be one of those models
you don't know I was like Bennett ah
miles are you know like a baby model and
like you bi I would buy something you
but had you on it totally buy something
huh
yeah I think I know no does everyone
love their own baby to Mosley no no
Susie my baby it's like no you man my
baby's cuter uh-huh my baby's the cutest
huh
is it work on your hair yeah you gonna
be a cowgirl
yeah cowgirl from County Cork oh yeah
all the comments bed thing but if it
okay to clear yourself right what that
was butterman then I wasn't related we
adopted Cena from a farm input event
like two years in the fire was kind of
like a farm Bay two years ago from
Portland I am and so we started calling
Cena like a bread oven pavement and feeI
Iike so I suppose Bianca is second she's
second-generation ya know what Bianca
was actually born in Cork in our our
last house you know
so Bianca is from Cork but she is
second-generation Bullivant she is not
where is Nevaeh and newbies are more
like Albie that lapacho is from Surrey
yeah the PTO has an underbite to those
he can be a be listen yeah you can be
vivos dinner - yeah you have you be most
honored a boy you know I'd be about boys
dinner well are you gonna be Bebo's done
it we've solved our problem with making
you Melia go to sleep and has come up
with the perfect plan
makeover like do I look like I was
crying oh not really
this is good makeup
I mean I went to sleep during a big
party huh her her scheduled Saturday
meltdown over the same no it's because
we didn't do the weekly shop on Thursday
and they just made everything go cuz
Jonathan him he was all like oh no it's
fine we'll do it tomorrow instead and
then I listened no you can't put a good
plan buying it online you get him to
deliver it I know but I need
disinfectant wipes I said I get that
today would be I'm actually like my
brain is frying because they don't have
disinfectant wipes it really makes a
difference but you're screaming at each
other she fell asleep things that make
babies go sleep like the structures are
dead just like if I screaming they're
screaming just like oh good well it's
cuz it's her naptime right
that's why but like that's so funny
she's in a little routine of her own
yeah it just shows she actually yeah
guys don't mind me I just I've got a nap
time now yeah so good nice just because
you don't have any like basics and then
I'm like something anyway it's like
terrified that work another one heard of
not be like basic supplies will never
end up easy
we're almost out we're on our last
opener last pack of water wipes really
that serious yeah and tomorrow we're
going to Dublin yeah I might have to
make a stuff I wanted to make the desert
but we didn't get in quick enough
Jonathan's mom got in with the desert
like family thing of my size demons
that's my mom something I know we have
it's like a potluck bring some yeah
we're too late to respond you know when
I finally write her
you said it Jonathan I was like make
sure you get in early with the desert I
want to make dessert like before yeah
she got the dessert yeah I got sides I
really need to clean the car oh my
goodness look at the mud everywhere yeah
I was gonna do that today but see if I
bite a chair I know I'll light a chair
it'll prolly finish if it doesn't mean
putting in the front but I mean yeah I'm
not the front front turn him in all
right put my assistant so she doesn't
lose it like he's tied her in her foot
stuck in your foot now she is she is is
his nice eye look comes with six hours
Amelia figured I had to beat the system
she took the sock off is that your plan
what do you remember of the caustic Club
I mean it you meet that they won't know
what TiVo whereas they won't know what
Shanee spoon shiny spoon will you accept
us
good save
oh no I can't give you this back meaning
a ham and cheese cheese journey grippy
you want us outta here actually 20 is
one of my plates or something I don't
know hurricane these are yeah
I'll get napkins you ready for an
afternoon of fun you ready for an
afternoon of fun yeah you wouldn't want
to go into boring grown-up sargon
oblivion or stupid movie yeah I was
gonna go to oblivion on my own but then
I decided to come with me so wouldn't be
like when it o is people missing him on
my own but I've got to bring a pen and a
piece of paper and be tendo's a reviewer
and be like yeah I'm here to review the
movie yeah swear
cheers Cheers we're what mommy's coming
to because I told her oblivion is like a
romantic comedy you'd be good for ohm
okay oh I am so excited I'm like a
teenager
we got like oh my god parents away from
you can't it's a witch but isn't it it's
like oh my goodness I love a media very
much you could wait outside choose the
film you chose to call I was already
going I don't know we're talking about
in begging you in it like God like G
clingy woman come on so so excited oh
it's funny though and then when you drop
your kids off like you don't realize the
difference like when you always have to
wait you and then like you got a bit of
a break from them you're like oh my
goodness I can actually like be selfish
a little bit you know just like do
something fun and exciting and I have to
worry about it
but then in about two-and-a-half hours
it'll all be it all way back to normal
but I probably miss her Brent and I'm
just like Oh
better freedom is that focus do you
remember me I'm gonna assume that's
excitement oh no no you've confused
yourself miss you be honest would you
even miss me did you even miss me I know
you do baby just feeding you treats
banana treats the whole time is that
what was going on why did you miss your
friends you know me a drummer or just
like a troublemaker
yeah yeah you gone crazy in the car
crazy in the car radio totally even
forgot we even had this in the back in
the car after gonna serve and everything
so Anna's instructions won't my own look
at it oh I'll get a stitching on it no
oh my goodness isn't it so comfortable
seriously this thing is so comfortable
it's just the only downsides that I
actually have to build it snore but it's
so comfy oh my goodness I might actually
sleeping here from now on and it's done
whoo it's so comfortable guys I don't
even it doesn't you doesn't it look like
a car stitching is so good it's like so
just ah I look like it doesn't move back
so it's actually it's one of those
posturing ones you know that's like good
for your posture you just like took
yourself in here now ah so comfortable I
love it good chair is like such an
investment you know especially in there
in the work that I do because I spent a
lot of time my computer's you know I
know the vault you're like in there
anyone that works in like computers or
works with that that's it you're at home
a lot when you're working oh he's
disgusted by chairs it's always like
trying to find a really good chair and
like as much to take like they're not
really expensive like chairs are super
expensive which is crazy but when you
get a good one that like you can sit in
for hours and it's like you know this is
what I like this one you see it kind of
like hugs you you know I mean it's like
squishy in squishes it in here yeah
this rubber do my a motivational Monday
from this chair maybe I'm gonna be the
video better huh which reminds me um
I've gotten a few emails from people and
they've asked me about like you know I'm
doing video on a cuz I used to smoke and
then I quit smoking I thought I've got a
lot of things a lot of bad things what a
lot of bad things but I've done a lot of
things in my life and I've quit a lot of
things and are taking up a lot of things
and I've stick to I think so
have anything that you might want me to
talk about in those motivational Monday
videos leave me comment and let me know
no matter what it is you'll be surprised
there's a lot y'all sailor you don't
know me but there's a lot of things in
my life I've done that you guys are
probably unaware of so uh you know like
I have tons of faults and I've made
loads of mistakes and I blowed supplies
just like everyone else so you know
leave me some comments
um maybe I'll make a video about it call
the crazy police you're like you're
getting that actually lifting that off
the ground friend yes oh my god you're
gonna topple it over so you're trying to
do a little newbies here ladies I nearly
sweet little newbies uh-huh yeah also
for the record newbies got a chicken
nugget you got a chicken nugget okay I
know the video portrays you as the
alternate nemesis but you're not are you
journey of a bat you and some bad time
yeah oh you stop now huh you come get
this you get it come on come on come on
you can do it you can do it you can do
it oh come on go away
oh that was a good move that was a good
move come on come on oh hi hey almost
there come on come on come on buddy you
can do it you can do it so much fun you
really are trying to get it aren't you
oh go on come on oh come on
ha ha ha you give up oh you got it you
got it you got it
night night friends night night friends
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
ah
