would you reckon Oh laughter they're
gonna now we'll fit in there
well you like it yeah is it good
mom's gonna eat your pick on you
good morning everybody on the entire
planet you making fresh orange juice for
everyone it's for a medium and even know
we had this device for juicing into I
know it's quite a large think Norman or
quite small you know into a cup or
something oh right okay there's a super
busy day today better shoot the Yankee
Muse video and get it up we have the
music part done don't we are we excited
I'm sorry am i disturbing you
Oh pirates are you a pirate
are you a pirate yeah Bernsen juice
create a process within a shot list for
for the video geez Oh plastic foam
plastic open your mouth you know once in
Juicy Juice mom fresh this morning
have you heard enough what do you think
that's way better than water or milk got
a little something there friend yeah a
little something there you poor girl
walks like I'm more than I was when I
was doing the gardening today I'm
wearing I'm wearing the black ones but I
missed the great ones so I'm gonna see I
think you can machine wash them but I am
getting ODU much her baby baby oh
you see the other mud off at first and
then we'll see where we're going from
there this is my before shoot ritual I
always always clean like you know you
always clean your lenses on the outside
but it's really important also to uh to
make sure your sensor your mirrors and
your actual lens are super clean too we
have a shot list made out this is going
to be epic
seriously just go have you seen it have
you seen it was it epic yo Lisa oh my
god should I got Elysium in the video is
there somewhere we can fit the Elise
amen
we're writing in oh my god we should
make a video about the Elysium
the tallest building in the world is the
Elysium then we'll actually have to fly
to is it to buy is that Abu Dhabi is it
about where is that where is the actual
tallest building in the world
yeah unfortunately we're gonna need to
budget we're gonna actually need to fly
there just to get that shot I'll be
outside it you know yeah no no it has to
be done you know the smallest building
in the world well I mean you taught us
we are in such a tight schedule trying
to get because um so being sunny but
waetford it you see those clouds over
there they're they're what we call
production runners shot runners all
right if you know there is no golden
hour shot in Ireland because there's
never golden hour ever so trying to
swing by the P o box and do everything
else today Oh fun day what so DM the
script calls for a couple of shots in
McDonald's so we're gonna have to hey
buddy hey buddy hey buddy heshes right
there
oh he turns here uh-huh but the tractor
is called for a couple of scenes in
McDonald's so we may actually have to
just swing by McDonald's and just for
for props we're probably gonna have to
get two chicken nuggets and stuff but
it's purely for props
you know I don't want to do it but you
know the script calls for it gotta do
the scripts s how exactly it is right
you know I'm Park you know I'm right at
the corner of hot chick street look I'm
right at the corner of hot chicks chief
it's so exact let's get the Chili's on
the go okay Charlie Chaplin is just like
strolling in road Thursday it's Charlie
Chaplin boys Charlie Chaplin just like
strolling around pork this is Anna's
favorite song right now no joke she
likes us on this one door at mcdonnell's
and Douglas but I'm trying to figure out
how we need to get this shot right cuz
it's like what's what are the words
again this guy's
my Maki DS diet ain't no joke 12 chicken
nuggets and a bottle of coke see I kind
of need a good Drive by a good shot of
McDonald's but it has to be like those
people are gonna think you're like the
paparazzi online okay just go around
again just going again you see it's a
Friday it's a Friday so it's like one of
the most popular times so you're trying
to minimize bringing the dog's head and
actually like whenever you're whenever
you did a shoot you wanted us like
minimize the complication so you can get
like how much footage can you get into
one location you know yeah I think we've
managed to get most of it in the station
position at home internal shots but this
one is external
chameleons like looking at you through
the window like success we ended up with
a bag of McDonald's that's funny oh it's
funny I don't know if I'll use some of
these shots you know I am but
always over huge over-prepare we scored
some smoothie and frappes yep party oh
my God look at me djenka look at her
she's got a little pink bow in the back
everyone's getting ripping off our stuff
alright I'll be it's time to put your
tomato you better like video at the
anchor bitches
you like getting media she guys Emilia
got a cameo and you know her got a
rockin ding I was playing the music as
you're recording it you anyone noticed
in the video she's walking in time so
it's so cool huh oh sorry sorry didn't
realize that was happening oh no no I'll
bring upstairs and get the shot I'll be
you don't care okay let's go alright
it's done me mad and make a hugger oh my
god it's so good there's like this is
definitely the best all my comedy song
video things I've ever done is amazing
it's just so much work but it's so worth
it oh my god I hope you guys enjoy it we
also decided that it's gonna take a
madman or two hours to do open I'm gonna
put subtitles in on the video just so
you guys can sing along because I know
that some of this stuff
it's very Irish you don't be Boston say
what what at all my goodness
I can do teachers in the area free me
mail and me go oh my goodness we just
had the first screening the first
screening of the song Bebo but - but
being a baby
thank you baby thank and Amy I suppose
by Iowa not by now but you guys probably
saw that because I'm ready to upload
that now oh my goodness I just think
it's so good it's so good isn't it isn't
it so good you don't even appreciate it
oh there you go hmm sorry it's in a dark
friend mom's bringing us some chicken
korma apparently the spicy chicken korma
ever created it since the dawn of
humanity this is correct
oh my god it's linked in here here nice
hair spicy like on a scale like 1 to 10
oh oh my god really
ten I'll give Amelia of some first just
to try it no no party backs you take the
baby from me so now when I eat it and my
head blows up I'm not holding a small I
just took her out of the trip trap sorry
friends back to the trip trap you go
heigh-ho heigh-ho
it's off their trip check me go and a
trip trap tree and they took charge a
high cocoa heigh-ho heigh-ho heigh-ho
heigh-ho heigh-ho let's try the spiciest
korma ever created me history of mankind
i know i just waiting for me down below
mm-hmm that were not really considered
this very spicy okay Susie okay do this
like super spicy finish the whole bump
Oh why'd you put Amelia in the Sun I
mean
if I may ever seen it's under 400 she
looks so like me when I was a baby
amazing
CDs where you're born in a story when
yes I was
where's um steve-o stunner
hey people other and it's this what's
this geez don't mind now don't mind damn
hey no I can't see what is going on huh
what's going on hey what's going on huh
for that yet thing you'll just Burke get
you tomato juice man oh we're here to
show grandma oh ma
you made you made a cameo in a friend
you sold the show with your one sock
mm-hmm twat oh okay every time we come
here I always get roped into Taurus I
think I yeah inspired market to to her
garden
okay he's a heavy which are these 50
litres no I don't know but they're heavy
is that Peppa Peppa Pig in a free-form
of ice cream try try it try it would you
reckon they're gonna Nell will fit in
there well do you like it yeah
is it good mom's gonna eat your bacon
yeah YUM oh yeah didn't she can hold it
good you're really helping right there I
know you obviously you don't want to do
that but obviously for her for her sake
you're so you're such a giver
you're so selfless could you hand up
look you know rub it in rub it in yeah
Nicole is it good or such
it says no artificial colors Friday fun
day Friday you fun day yeah so it what a
quality food award 2012 I did it yeah
well you can we look pepper world we're
definitely gonna pepper world's my
friend is it your best is it your
favorite would you like some salary now
you're so cute hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
