trying to go and trying to go up to the
trip trap one contraption to dinner
babysitter a nice babysitter be
yeah
maybe I mean yeah hi hi buddy
anybody what's wrong you fall asleep did
you fall asleep peace huh we're just
working on a new song huh but ink Navy
oh yeah it's the Beebo but even beyond
your Navy songs huh
are you not excited about that we're
back we're back and we're happy are we
happy
I'm not quite sure I really I really
noodle
are we happy noodle a noodle noodle
noodle noodle
yeah so am this goes up six o'clock on
Friday said I already put up to pee but
then I already give it video up did I
I'll probably link it in here cuz I'd
like that suit yourself
promoter bad well then what's up mo to
the house nairobi okay you feel free to
promote me huh share my videos oh well
yeah we damn I thought I was the best
one to do for from Friday was to do B
boo but didn't be thinking maybe he's
crazy or actually discussing it I was
like I should probably put subtitles in
on the video you know because nobody's
gonna know what the hell she's saying
that crazy rascal like crazy rascal oh
she like rascal she he forty look so fun
man she's funny things yeah he tastes
like sweet potato my baby tastes like
sweet potato but this your big it is
like all right the main beat is down we
ready to record some words
pick yourself we've got all of the
lyrics done oh my god this is so awesome
you tell amazing yeah him should keep on
Bebo where's the debug center yeah yeah
you getting ready to record your song I
don't know why you're sitting I don't
know I wonder why their microphones over
here how so I need to move the mic over
to you this is epic
this song is epic I will give you sneak
peek but I've already set all the stuff
so I'll be ready this is so cool oh my
goodness oh my goodness
we just got a record all the air in
their pits we're running in her time
because trying to go and trying to go up
to the trip trap one contraption jazeera
babysitter a nice babysitter be you rank
you in Navy and orange today yeah you're
adorable
so I'm gonna try and attempt to make
leek and potato soup for the first time
ever my last attempt at soup was not too
successful as you guys probably know if
you watched starlit channel high hmm oh
no I'm a child her seafood cheddar and
that was nice actually but I'm usually
not that lucky with soups so I got a
Jamie Oliver recipe because he seems to
be my friend anything I've made by Jamie
Oliver has always worked out I think so
getting my ingredients together I do not
have two sticks of celery but I think I
have everything else
yep I do so I've got these leeks
oh my fridge was open lunch our time
sorry about my weeks which looks a
little bit worse for wear what they
don't seem to be gone off they just seem
to be like I mean Oh God Dovi you put
the wild rocket in the cupboard and it
was supposed to be in the fridge no you
put that in the cupboard remember when
you put the shopping away last week
turns out yeah it wasn't supposed to be
in the cover is what oh he's the quiet
frosty pesto yeah do you think he's not
okay it's just the outside skins like
these are fun
okay they're bit crusty I know
stop are they supposed to like snappy
mm-hmm I'm making my soup okay so 400
grams of leeks your friend my it's not
like we have anything else somebody
won't teach me how to drive I can go
shopping
yep holy crap holy goodness look at this
this is mental
oh my goodness
I know look at the size of these things
oh my goodness
geez where did that come from
oh my goodness - where as having a
psychotic day it is the most bipolar day
ever
and you guys live in Ireland or even
Cork and yesterday was it Mentos leus
like Turner lighting sunshine hail stone
storm sunshine
you never know waiting on again you want
to bring like Sun cream and an umbrella
with you when you go ahead I like so I
just had my mommy meltdown I don't know
if you can tell that I've been crying
but I have however look at this little
baby ninja here good girl
my baby is eating spinach like spinach
and tomatoes she's eating it by herself
this baby let like I literally just had
the worst afternoon ever right now I had
a huge meltdown
I threw a picado at the wall that's what
those marks I feel curious because oh
every week it's like I'd read the weekly
shop where I buy all this food and I buy
like all this organic stuff and like
amazing stuff from whatever for Amelia
and I cuz I want to cook for her and I
still still have yet to give her
anything from a jar or like a packet or
anything like that like obviously aside
from masks or whatever but you know what
I mean like I make everything fresh I
make everything from scratch and I do so
much research and reading about it and
like just trying to find out information
about like different foods and why
they're good and
and everything in like that's my thing
like so what happened was everything was
gone off and like I had bought all this
fresh stuff last week and it didn't last
and then like I was just getting so
upset about it and like the avocado I
opened it and it was all moldy and I'm
like what the hell like I can't I'm not
the kind of person that can just like
whip things up I can't cook I'm doing
everything like by myself like from
scratch and I'm talking like from being
a person that doesn't know anything
about cooking or like even really
nutrition like I have a fair idea but
like in terms of babies it's very
different and I couldn't find the stock
cubes that I bought for Amelia and I had
searched high and low Tesco last week
looking for them couldn't find them
anywhere today on the menu it came up we
had to use them and I couldn't and
sometimes I just get so stressed out
about the smallest things like that
phrase don't sweat the small stuff or
don't stress the small stuff for
whatever totally applies to me because
that's what I do all the time I get
really bogged down and upset about just
every tiny detail and this is like a
godsend and a curse at the same time
because I'm trying to stick to it and
then I get way too like obsessive about
it and I can't like I'm not the kind of
person that can just relax about stuff
like this like I can't this is such a
long video but anyways I just lost it
and like I said I through I've caddos up
the walls and whatever and then it was
like okay I'm just gonna go to Tesco I'm
gonna get you know she's behind which
realistically Amelia's not behind
because now this is just like this just
says it all she's just sitting there
like an amazing little baby that she is
and she's eating like I could cry right
now she's eating spinach leaves and
freaking cherry tomatoes and she's
liking it I just want her to be like I
just don't want to undo all of my good
work breastfeeding her I want her to eat
like good food and I want her to eat
things that are good for her and I don't
want her to eat junk and I'm just like
oh because I feel like I eat junk a lot
of the time I
want her to be like that let me know are
any of you guys thought obsessive about
stuff hey I gave you some more Tomatoes
because you dropped them I want to feel
like I'm not the only one here that just
gets into such I don't know I just got
myself into these situations where I
freaked out and stressed out about
things and I shouldn't let me tell you
what did I tell you
psycho weather psycho weather today so
am i was on the way home and I picked up
a loaf of bread
oh nice one jokey so I didn't I went to
this place like hand-make on he's like
amazing dinners do you remember when my
mom my aunt and stuff came over and we
went there and I think she went to
go-go's recently as well but oh my god
if food is amazing and then I was like
oh a better cook dinner and I was like
why bother someone else can cook dinner
for you and they're better at cooking
than you it's like a win-win situation
oh my goodness look you guys see that I
know can you see that rainbow the
rainbow is right there look look it's
right there
the rainbow is right there I don't think
this camera zooms anymore hahaha
but oh my God look it's right right
there man oh my goodness this camera
doesn't zoom anymore because it's been
dropped too many times and it's been
slop it on by said baby plus am i media
likes to grab the front shutters and
pull out them so when it zooms it needs
to move the shutters but the shutters do
not function anymore
about that about that I feel like I have
actually been in a car crash I feel like
I've bruised my ribs
oh my god I'm still so much painful and
sound anything yesterday and I'm
supposed to do it again tomorrow
oh my god the rainbows right here the
rainbows right here holy crap we are
actually going to drive into a rainbow
guys I hope you guys I hope you guys
have your rainbow hats on I hope you
guys if your rainbow hats on this is not
a joke this is not a drill
this is a serious situation we are
driving into a rainbow going on here
what is going on here hi hi thank for
dinner you would like just woken up and
now I'm gonna feed our big dinner your
feet like that you are just a little
feeder huh you know said she is such a
little self eater
she loves feeding yourself it's like
sometimes when you try to feed her she's
all like no when you put it through Jen
and you're all like yeah give me no look
look oh she actually has a probably a
better diet than I do I'm pretty more of
a picky who carrots as well carrots and
brown bad soldiers which one you going
for which one you going for me he a good
choice good choice
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
