no no no okay that's more than one
that's more than one that's more than
one
oh it's not pleasant folks in our
plastic situation not only that I didn't
realize yesterday was going to happen so
I am in so much agony and pain every
muscle in my body is like destroyed
stretched burned and bruised but a few
days ago I was up with my trainer and I
decided I was like look I'd like to try
some more intensive workout and like
floor work like you know abs and stuff
like that you know and he's like ok cool
we'll chat you in for like an insanity
and insanity works them like hours I
might have for like Wednesday and I was
thinking okay cool no problem day
beforehand I decide to rebuild the
entire garden I'm just sitting in a
small around as I got I can't cope I was
like oh maybe my warm up but then I walk
inside the door look and this this is
not encouraging me to leave the house
today
oh so horrible and rainy but I'm pushing
it up guys I'll check back with you I'll
crawl back to the car in an hour
oh my goodness as I spotted hey you're
too smart
it tastes like poor mommy yeah so this
little girl has been feeding herself her
entire breakfast hmm yeah you're amazing
oh you're amazing you such a good girl I
was just reading about the second-stage
weaning because we're now officially
moved on to that but it's a bit scary
because she's supposed to have chicken
for the first time today we don't have
chicken breast left because we had the
last ones last night because I didn't
actually realize um that we're starting
this whole plan today which is like the
day before we do our weekly shop
was kind of bad timing but anyways we
seem to have caught up with ourselves in
this book which is this one right here
I've talked about it before here's her
little meal plan right now and so today
she had mashed banana and then she's
getting milk we didn't do the Weetabix
because we didn't have any Kara's milk
which apparently you can oh you can have
use cow's milk in cereal and in cooking
so but not as their main drink so which
was tricked by the whole milk cuz babies
need the fast and stuff it just seems
very like I mean I guess you can mash it
up and stuff yeah you want some more you
want some more but you better not put
this on the throws on the floor because
then the doggies will get it we run out
of spoons like there's no tomorrow but
she really likes to feed herself you
have it the wrong way look here you go
see she's all destructed because the
camera is on right now but she was doing
it and she was like shoveling it in
there oh yeah good girl so this is
today's outfit her pose downstairs she
is doing her kicking thing oh that's
cute though right these are new like
little polka dots I know that was cute
and it kind of matches with that and
then she's just got gray socks cuz we
couldn't find anything more exciting
she has no red socks she's like no red
um like clothes really she's a red
cardigan that's part two small oh yeah
stuff Oh too small
Oh how'd you like our mirror looks so
nice doesn't that I really like finishes
off the bedroom I need to get pictures
for that
little baby with a little poofy military
jelly proposals are here they'd hear it
what's my name hmm and I actually turned
on you probably shouldn't put 3d glasses
on a trail so every single bone in my
body is perfectly fine but everything
muscle in my body oh my god you see I
wanted to move away from the machines
I'm using a lot of machines like a lot
of the the weight machines on they're
good like they are good that you do did
you do their job but there's nothing
quite like if you can just do some floor
work you know just your own bodyweight
look at them Bobby doesn't usually tell
you it anybody sorry if I let you write
your room it
it's new visa Navi oh he's got a friend
hmm
you're a smarty pants I start flying
she's like camera sketch uh-huh sketch
good deal good oh you think it means
fetch ah
he thinks I'm saying fetch Oh oh boy oh
you're salt look yeah
don't be pulling off your socks oh look
at the people's dinner hmm so mom's
gonna tackle this oh load of laundry
look I have one thing folded two things
actually I'm gonna talk about all lovely
and folded now I need to bring them
upstairs but Amelia huh
you played with your toys yep Oh who's
that oh you brought back that's why we
put patients around you hey can your
door off all right I might just wait
linear exersaucer or maybe in your trip
trap I'm not sure let's give the doggy
some treats okay okay ready say sit good
girl new please sit
go boy Albie sit good girl Bianca Navy
sit good girl seen the socks
sit good girl Nevaeh sit pío pío go
boy all done again oh don't eat us
okay tomato just be rich matter to non I
don't think she's actually eating it but
she's sucking on it took fine so I just
cooked up some salmon um and I put in
some feta cheese might give her Johnny
one of this actually because she can eat
meat now fish is looks really good we'll
see how she like this and here's mine
over here over here so we're gonna have
our lunch now okay and you're not gonna
feed it all to the doggies I'm actually
genuinely scared about filming this
video just because I'm in relationship
over there just because everybody else's
reactions of people exploding for
example close out whatever I had to say
a reaction huh
what do you think are you excited you
know she's are looking at the light when
I took the light actors like what is
this what is this magic in' huh oh my
goodness I've no idea what I become just
I just I just I'm scared like I actually
am terrified of this reaction okay let's
get it done no tall glass of water it's
probably needed spoon put it in I'm not
sure how much you even using this take
yeah that's unfortunate for you I'm
actually very busy right now
so yeah it is cinnamon all over the
floor Oh busy at the moment
oh my goodness that is intense guys
didn't even get the vacuum cleaner at
all you do oh my idea
oh my goodness it's like you put it in
your mouth and you're like well this
isn't so bad what I supposed to do and
then I die laughs so I made a laugh and
like a puff of smoke over and then you
laugh for the second time and it just
explode
cinnamon everywhere all over my clothes
and they're like sticks to like every
part of your mouth and then like burns
and you're just like oh my god it won't
go away ever even know what were you and
thinking huh she was like so funny cuz
not the first time or not batting but
like when you first turn on the camera
and started like talking
she was like ah she saw us for her yeah
yeah yeah entertaining her genius kept
me
noise like yeah how do we get back yeah
oh god I actually feel like it burns I'm
really in the air that was my watch I
have to like all the taste of cinnamon
now are you well but I don't like it
what my finger like all sitting minion
Brown hey yeah buddy - no no no no
no that's more than one that's more than
one that's more than one yeah well
that's what you get for being gravity
right okay where does cupcakes that I've
heard so much your bed what's in here
anyway
Melia you ready some cinnamon challenge
baby edition cinnamon challenge what
about the foot the bet baby foot
challenge you have to try and put an
entire baby foot into your mouth like
that I got your whole foot in my mouth
or hope I don't get put in my disease oh
my good oh my dad how I don't she's got
a little side of your hair sticking out
here like Oh Oh Herbert oh hey
Jesus cute I even know you're definitely
you know well you could pray welcome no
pointing with my stroke don't pay for
your food
there's only one thing to do on a super
rainy day you know it you know it leave
me below what you would like I think I'm
gonna get a chicken Wow hmm the burning
take a legend salsa chicken legend with
salsa and I'm gonna your nose am those
strawberry shake things all my goodness
there's a hurricane there's a hurricane
nugget eyes and time what's nuggets
who wants nuggets huh who's a little
chicken nugget I leave a comment for
nugget gonna come right now how many
wanna get I will give you a nugget I'll
wait here for you tack cheeky and if you
don't want to know that just hit the
like button while you're waiting just
click clickety-clack
you want one method think I give her a
chicken nugget but it's fantastic
savings inside
yeah nearly our East which side do you
fall asleep watching Doctor Who did you
fall asleep yeah hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
