this is the solution we've come up with
it's called a mobile garden system it
makes a mobile garden grass in your car
for your dog do you like that grass
sister
Emilia Emilia Emilia where am i oh you
found this your van their fake IDs are
like where's the Hank are you trying to
hide over there hey guys who is he
thinking that yeah he's gonna open the
gate though he's gonna open the gate
can you get it can you get it oh my
goodness no way you go you go speed
yourself you're just gonna drop it on
the floor ank you yeah
oh we're done here anyways yeah wish
peppa pig puppy gosh her hair's like a
little ooh hey bye love you say love
your dad Peppa Pig
I knew it to the dogs
Oh God when I was a kid we stabbed like
a house in our garden dad in the back
and oh my God look at this one look keep
out come on quarters it's so much fun
yes we had like a little house in the
back of our garden and we're like I
don't know like 16 17
our parents let me used to have like
house parties like every weekend but the
trick was that my parents would be like
well my mom my dad will be open like the
main house and we'd be at the back in
our own little house like having house
parties and like drinking it's just like
getting all that like rebellious stuff
editor system I think the idea was that
you know we wouldn't be like off in the
streets doing this stuff you know I mean
this is like I'm not like a minute
on here they look like him in a town or
something like that wouldn't be so much
horn like to make your kid a house like
that wouldn't it you saw happen look T
story Playhouse way to story on this
lock them but it's tough to begin is so
cool
hitting it doctor probably get something
out of that as well we thought well if
you have a fun house like this this is
cool again no but I think that's four
out for Albie keeping a babe she was
just like shrieking away to her sound
like but not like upset just
entertaining herself and your is how
cute this is everything it's so cute hmm
she's so cute so now we're gonna close
your curtains and I think it'll be good
for her what do you think
oops a sake fell into the laundry basket
okay let's get some milky you want some
milk
yeah good good so as most of you know
we're gonna have a lot of trouble with
the water our garden and I think I found
a solution I've just bought someone's
grass I've just bought roles and roles
and roles in someone else's grass
they're going to cut out the parts that
are all like waterlogged and mushed up
they're gonna replant and this good
hardy country farm grass and it might
stop the problem this is the solution
we've come up with it's called a mobile
garden system it makes a mobile garden
grass in your car for your dog huh do
you like that you like that
the more wild grass system
I'll be straight away marking everything
that's gonna be annoying when I have to
pick that up you keep them on listen to
me guys do not ruin this grass okay
because the amount of effort I'm going
to put into putting this down
I would not appreciate you destroying it
I know you did this is not your fault
it's too waterlogged
oh dear the thing is look see the back
wall there I was thinking you can get
these are like rows of like bamboo stick
kind of think I'm gonna measure at the
wall I think I'll do that only put four
Rosenbaum dude okay but this side wooden
things are really nice I think you'll be
looking much nicer now she's crying and
I don't know hey MJ coins like that like
I know there's a point where like it's
not okay and they get so upset you have
to and there's this point and it like
there's fussing whatever which she's not
she's processing now but there's this
which is in between it's like crying
it's like I don't like this I want to
get out of here I want to get five down
salaries
oh I want my mom hate it I noticed Paul
was supposed to like wait for a little
way
cuz I'm the one hand I wanted to get
used to sleeping in her crib but on the
other hand I want her to be like happy
you know I don't want to be sad I don't
want to break her so I'm waiting just
bring it downstairs and put her in the
swing that's where she's always not
before us so Oh and rolls the Greens
rolls
oh the cedar to better I love a good see
dear old yes second CD bastard
now you say nice thing on this one is
ragged jagged little edges I'm full of
musical quotes you know jagged little a
Jesus you guys got the Smashing Pumpkins
I was very impressed with people who
left in Smashing Pumpkins monster oh
just makes me such a mental or rocker
cure my trash sure but anyway whose
album is jagged little edges stop I know
you're doing it stop doing it stop oh
all right let's do it before this is
what we got before you can see cuz it's
been waterlogged so bad and then the
guys tell me that and when I put the C
fantasy frozen to frost and it killed it
all the seed so he said you could rake
it and pilot and we seed everything and
then I saw all the rolls of grass so I
was like oh crap done so this is what
we're coming here anyway well lookee
here now this child does not look like
cheese and off taker in here she's right
up at an old can you guys see she's like
sourdough
right up hello okay then yeah melee is
watching dad work
she loves that and we're gonna always
rolling in the new crops look at him
he's so funny
do you like that movie yeah it's not
but they're not the problem I'm having
my first coffee of the day I feel like I
haven't even had a chance to sit down
yet today cuz I've just been chasing
around after dogs and Emilia and so I'm
not going to wet her forecast and it
said it was gonna rain tomorrow and I
was like okay well if I want to do this
I need to do it today because once the
rain hits the side of those em those
what L are they grass hate wallpaper
grass floor tiles tiles but what's the
money inside of it it's going it uses
it's great it actually to merge them all
together but I'm I don't have to holding
done then it's just he's gonna make a
mess so if I want to do this whole
garden I was like boom just do it just
do it this should be my challenge video
Oh challenge rebuild your garden done so
it's 15 in the car
fifteen to go I actually was oh my god I
have this thing up on welcome to the
second level I've never to use this this
is for like full off-road you can like
lock the suspension because this thing
is designed to go of mountains you know
but I've never ever used this know when
I keep it on sport mode and down low for
aerodynamics bike I've never pulled it
up this high like it was all like rode
you sorry yes I do say I think somebody
is ready for her afternoon like you
think hmm yeah where'd you both go she
pulled it off okay we're gonna take a
little nap now mm-hmm but don't worry
we're gonna do it
downstairs so you don't have to worry
about being left alone upstairs like
earlier so it's gonna handle blanky get
our milk ease
oh no and good girl nice to me it's such
a nice day huh and you wouldn't think
it's like five o'clock and it's still
super sunny outside and nice dad's gone
to get more of the grass because I think
the forecast is bad for tomorrow
Oh sucks so I think he kind of wants to
finish up with that today
I don't mind me as I okay let's have her
milk now and then oh good girl I got it
all home
that's not even happen it goes back into
the lair oh my goodness
all right now that needs to go in here
just start getting a minute honey
Emilia was my son and she he I was about
15 or 16 Manuel Joffe just to get a good
idea of how bad this is beforehand so we
can get the effect when it's all done
cuz this is what it should look like
look how perfect that is well I need to
tie him up properly cuz I didn't know
it's didn't the whole garden at that
point yeah he's always working with this
there's a person doing a dance I think
it worked her clothes yeah very
fashionable yeah
he's exploring my little patch of grass
okay don't we just leave this here dad
Oh inside the compost brilliant
brilliant here you wanna see what I can
see
can I see my view
oh you can see me too he's working all
right look at movies she's so cute if
anybody was wondering new visas the dog
tough Joffe used in today's Instagram
pic or yesterday for you Instagram
picture in the car she was so cute this
makes it all worth it that go happy
there look at the old stuff compared to
the new stuff it's just so amazing it's
totally worth it when the dogs are so
happy when rent look at them they love
it so much
Valdez just like Aldi has like owns that
spot he's just like lying down hundred
he owns that spot I love these guys okay
County see cuz they the light and stuff
hey the difference thought that was
unfortunate from that like this let's
just move it away look at the difference
huh it's not amazing they love it
oh you don't kick it up that was a lot
of work I was a big job it's so worth it
looks so good
you gotta get the finish off this kind
of area here tomorrow think I'm gonna
need another like 20 room or something I
take degrees everybody breathe dad dad
question must be cruddy the pure back
pay squeeze
you've got the shivers careful careful
careful now hey don't drop it don't go
to sleep oh good night hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
