oh my god go buddy go buddy go oh come
on
you can no it is so cute oh my god it's
the viral
good morning little friend give morning
my little friend you have a good time in
the big bed you got to let bounce to you
yeah
Oh Monday morning eh oh yeah that's
going on here huh he's so cute good
morning to you happy Monday to you you
smell like but we can fix that for you
okay you don't look like poop
so cuz one night right the gym the sun
is shining
we're feeling motivated I was being a
little bit complacent with my other
youtube channel you know and sometimes I
talk about stuff here people always like
oh I skipped your fees bits or whatever
you know so I can tell me what a format
of like on Mondays I'll put up a
motivational video on the Joker jokes
and he called joke joke it's called
Jonathan Jolie channel but I call joe
chiodo it's snorefest stuff in your name
so on Wednesdays I was gonna do a
challenge video cuz people always say to
me did it baby fitted a bunny the chubby
bunny thing there is cinnamon challenge
and Friday I leave like a funny video or
like a music video or like I don't know
do something funny humorous so I'm
you're interested in all that activity
right tune in to the other channel and
we will have a hoot good morning Amelia
is watching Peppa it's a winter
Christmas edition now that she's a
little bit older you could tell like
she's actually watching and she's like
enthralled by the bipm I'm sorry but
it's nimnim state media is having some
like pear and apple and baby cereal and
then I'm having my porridge my water
hey hi there he doing he was just
looking at your little angels
hmm they're so cute
she loves them I'm just getting her
little outfit ready because she's
filling with it with me on the style
diet today so we picked up this peach
little peach number let's get you
dressed madam we're gonna film a video
now you look very pretty seven-month-old
mm-hmm Jean you in there she understands
she's like a little spoiled dog owners
leave comment so guys how you do you
have your dogs and we have two in the
bed and for indicates it new yeah cuz
she's that's why she brought a heroin up
to bed just because she's like no he'll
be like let me go do you have your dogs
and your bed or in the kitchen or like
us you have them like departmentalized
or something I would love for them all
to be sleeping in the kitchen to be
honest but it's just cause I'll be in
see now we're ours first we have a
thought I was to it we have a plan I
post sorento plan What's Wrong huh
What's Wrong she's slithering Hamptons
are you or you a Slytherin you part of
the Slytherin people
where the lunch I come here expecting a
prompt service so yeah poisoning
poisoning my first point Charles toiled
what I told my boys to do yeah you're
calling me it's like what you want to
stay in there you listen their talk you
have to come in here oh goodness me hey
Becker
nice so yeah um Anna's mom got the the
board the gas service people to come in
because they were doing a service a
routine servicing on the the boiler
thing here look it's Anna's om kitchen a
thing from when she was a kid
boy it turns out she's had carbon
monoxide I'm leaking in her house I'd
like a deadly rate the guy came he knows
our boys off the scanners like Oh God
and luckily this is out here so it's not
in the house at all as you can see like
the house is like all the way over there
and stuff and this is all the way out
here but like carbon monoxide is like so
dangerous it is like it is such a silent
killer you know I mean it's a sneezing
yeah you hear about it all the time
right people just you know not servicing
their boilers and then suddenly boom
carbon monoxide like it's so so
dangerous and it's so important and just
like Anna was like and I got such a
fried cashews so freaking and she's like
oh my god like her whole family could
have been wiped out had this not been
ventilated in a separate unit like away
from the house but anyway task is we
need to clear out this whole area for
the were command to come and replace the
boiler or fix the boiler or something
like that and this place is filled with
spiders so I'm going to leave you guys
here okay cookies you can i'll go what
the hell is that
what the hell is that what is that
scream hello
okay seriously did you guys hear that I
have a I have a tennis racket from like
the 50's or something to protect myself
what
hello sounds of grunting cats like
bluesound
you didn't hear that oh my god scared to
crap on me I was hoping it Doron it was
right behind me and I was like you think
you caught something it's gonna protect
myself with he's gone so is he doesn't
look like anything's here oh my god
that's terrifying
what you doing what you doing you guys
in trouble Spencer oh nice boobies hi
buddy
huh you like your tip top it's the
mobile trip trap guys see look it like
attaches to the chair isn't it really
cool isn't really cool all right back to
work back to work no more slacking can a
job complete job compete oh not only men
can all get it I hate going in here
probably the best actually not to breed
in here they get Jetta yeah yeah
okay let's put dinner today we go here
responsible parenting 101 you want Oreos
she would probably eat them all she
probably would eat them all hi hi do you
mind if I come into your office
- mind if I came into office are you
very busy there I've been expecting you
shop who do you pick up they have your
friends yeah see hi friends closed
closed suddenly she's gonna be able to
say hi friends Wow
humor this morning I was in the chamber
son it was sun shining Emilia is
bothered by this weather do you have a
favorite it is only for Irish people if
you're watching the voice of Ireland see
this dude here no not him
get out of the way shoot he actually
kind of he actually kind of move this
dude here that is who I'd like to weigh
in to voice the bar I think he is
amazing that guy's voice is incredible
do you agree yeah ray that's his name so
yeah he'd be coming if you watch the
voice of Ireland and let me know who
your favorite is to win hello buddy
you enjoying that you're enjoying that
you're enjoying that I rub my drip drop
back and forth I wrap my chip chat back
and forth I wrap my drip drop back and
forth I rub my jacket
oh goodness goodness goodness
all right guys did you just hear today
okay it's so cute I was kind of trying
to teach her how to crawl a bit and I
did this do today and I was like oh my
god the video if you need to show people
this okay you ready buddy don't give her
a rug burn no no I hold her stomach up
go oh my god go buddy go buddy go oh
come on
you could no it is so cute good that
your favorite we're gonna get the camera
you go oh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
