don't you steal my rugged teeth hello
Nevaeh how are you doing would you like
a sausage haste Austin trolled who
puttin him out and run around and proud
I counted the tasty type of fish that
you eat
editing the video from yesterday where I
think you might have said a word didn't
you did you say a little extra word
yesterday did you huh you say yes did
you know be a good time to say it again
and then it'll be really cool then I
could edit it really fun you know mm-hmm
the concern here face I get the concern
in your face daddy is appear morning
it's Sunday and media's watching and
peppa pig as always and I'm just cooking
her up some hair and apple and then I'm
gonna add it to the baby race or it's
not baby right sorry the cereal ah
agency you don't want your apple and
pear I swear it's good what's wrong you
know it's just the wind
she's doing withdrawn do you not like
this we switch off camera and we'll try
again okay
Oh like she said no she shook her head
hey can you spot me hi Albie where's the
cow where's the cow
find the cow find the cow where's the
moo cow ev'leen just a little play area
here she's got all her toys cuz mama has
to go outside and pick up the dog poop
disgusting yes your poops your little
poops all six of you hmm
not you well I kind of pick up your
Italian they pick up your poop - so I'm
just the pooper scooper that's my job
I'm stuck forever here just like to go
this quick she's waving her eye you
can't see your face she was rubbing her
eyes as well you know like which does
this thing when she's tired and she goes
like it's so cute it's like the classic
thing you know like how you know your
baby or your child as tired as if they
rub their eyes well I thought that was
kind of like just like it
what like cliche or whatever it's called
you know what I mean I didn't really
think about it and then it's true every
time if she like rubs her eyes on
Michael she's tired like that angle
isn't properly yeah she really doesn't
it's so cute like it's not just like a
what am I trying to say stereotype work
he shaved I guess we get caught rubbing
your eyes i woman your eyes is like so
nice they've been it's bad
yeah you're gonna pay for it wasn't like
she said well look good feel good it's
good this is how they do it is if I
brush my fence you know it's not so sad
you know that's hence personal don't
mind my palate that was outside in the
mood hey Mac solutely disgusting note
hello Peppa hello hello and Jim what are
you guys doing over here no smooth in
the third Sunday's nosin there be no
turn Fresno's min my legs I'm full of
beans I have to be a half the video
isn't another time come on man
come on let's go
for the Walkman come on the middle her
love man haven't been walked in months
oh my goodness guys do you guys like
these baby bells do you want it you want
it you want it you want it you can't
have it what really what I want it
these are so good I don't know why door
so maybe it's because you know the
effort that you have to go into actually
another thing broke off yeah waiting
what do you think yeah you like that oh
well you dropped it don't drop it here
um huh mm-hmm
look at her face cuz there's salad
sandwiches but you know like the
sharpness or whatever it is yeah hmm
someday you're gonna have petty flus oh
she's mad into a look at her she's
milling it oh it's so me what oh it's so
miserable like there is only that some
driver alarm going off in his car cuz I
was always like traction blah blah blah
which is basically telling me that I
needed to change the car because
I think it was like whether someone was
like oh let me just bloody bloody bloody
blah that's right really watch bloody
blind was like yeah rule apply to black
anyway
no way because I always just get a pity
block and you're like I'm gonna play
blind I know I know so I'm kinda side
with average takes a village having some
sort of a green Thai curry chicken
this evening we got a flying head we buy
loads the food and you freeze it like a
weekly shop you always have to plan like
super far away ahead his help asleep you
can sometimes happens you know five or
six o'clock you're like Oh YUM oh crap
everything's frozen oh well we're gonna
be job Oh media's plane in her saucer hi
we're having a PJ day today she's just
gonna wear her PJ's all day we didn't
find out getting dressed today well mom
did but I'm just wearing sweats so it's
sweaty Sunday um I won't be a newbie are
the only two dogs inside right now cuz
I'll be was bold and he was barking and
newbies is finished with plane so I'm
gonna clean my makeup brushes and I mean
he has gonna watch ya all fresh and
clean for the week
keep away be both stunner I saw your
face hi you in an empty church up her
tripped up um like the cloth part is in
the wash so that's why she's on a bear
trip Trump right now so it looks a
little sad and cold yeah hey Bianca
Bianca keep away from my makeup brushes
yankin I'm warning you I know you want
to be a makeup girl but you get okay
this is why I'm having for lunch it's a
car plastic time lots of bread and soup
soup du jour we're gonna have a midday
matinee you excited you excited to get
them take away copies where is it gun OH
dear friend hey girlfriend ego we're all
gonna watching movie myth a movie Sunday
matinee whoa it's totally inappropriate
yeah probably inappropriate for you that
I would invite you to come and join us
but unfortunately gonna have to wait
outside in fact sorry guys I'm sorry
it's just because you know it's just I
wouldn't want to like upset any
reviewers so I'll talk to you later okay
bye let's have some chicken Ian tonight
guys we're having some karma lashings
and lashings of nan bread nan bread
what's my name Oh nan bread what's the
name stare me with corner mat and that's
a chicken egg put it in your tummy and
don't be whipping you gotta friends with
your naan bread oh it's gonna add a ton
of edge so uh give me a ton of a piece
some corner of the sweet variety menage
tois
carry these got it this is working out
nicely I'm going to give that a little
bit and so I'm trying to talk here may
she who's that who's that my eat it eat
it eat it eat it
ha ha what's up crazy pants something's
something's wrong with the trip trap
something's wrong with the trip trap
might as something's wrong with the trip
trap make nut something's wrong with a
trip back like that don't you see my
vlog a tease don't you steal my blow get
teeth hello Nevaeh how are you doing
would you like a sausage
hey sausage rolls you put in your mouth
and run around and proud proud is a
tasty type of fish that you eat with
Bala
holy crap this is turning out amazing I
am amazing
the world is amazing the world is a
vampire Danna and IQ no time that is
everyone knows that leave me a comment
if you know what song it is you just you
just got street cred because it's
representing you you're rubbish and
you're dumped boom ah good girl
strong baby oh yeah oh oh you do look
there look at you you're trying to crawl
you can see it yeah good girl hmm
go don't get it it's camera I'm gonna
start your way she watches okay
Hey
it's going to go in your eyes a little
bit you okay thank you
you saw about a water I can get you girl
huh rinse this off yeah your friends are
over there do you see them oh yeah yeah
yeah you do yeah yeah yeah yeah where's
your other handy boom boom oh yeah you
saw him camera thank your friends your
hairbrush okay I brush your hair good
girl
you are very good girl getting your hair
is brushed mom yeah I'm done I'm done
you gonna eat that okay maybe not
I've dined Amelia we go down yeah
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
