good morrow good morrow it's tomorrow
time that's how you sISTAR kyo vlog who
would be in the park we're just walking
Alvey your mind with the olden days
everyone let's go
what do you cows Monte team guy yeah
sure sure hey guys it's going to first
mmm
far as Marty Forest which way to go get
more little adventures not Jonathan what
it's not a dead end come on everybody
come on everybody
alright what everyone jumping over come
on good boy - yo come on oh they tried
to go under come on guys
pretend you're real dogs oh she got
under oh then what's the problem though
come on our boat and going under going
under we're all here alright guys come
on let's go on our adventure
let's go this way you faked the coach
all right oh good this way pile over
here over here this come on this is your
test who can overcome the obstacles
we're taking a wrong turn tomorrow maybe
we keep going this way maybe this way
guys this way
back the way we came no-nobody take a
left
look there's the pass right there no I
know the way okay this way this way no
no do do do
hey oh come on this way this way this
way this way guys come on come on come
on let's go
we're getting there oh my goodness
look at this tree good that tree that
wasn't like that last time I was here
like you see that oh my goodness look at
that tree that's crazy the whole thing
is obviously falling down in this storm
I don't know which storm note would have
knocked the tree that big down there are
many net hoes are many now okay the
storm has made this more difficult I
think that I think it's this way okay
guys come on make it over how we're
gonna get past in there obstacle oh nice
nice obstacle maneuvering there guys we
did it we made it guys we made it out
what Oh Bianca did now we're both
leaving see ya
she's it did she uh-oh guys you need to
go back so after all that physical
exercise excitement after collected
wardo from school and yesterday i had to
collect him in the middle of
interviewing for a paper it was really
funny because I left the in no case
where I am but actually took a lot out
of me
just shows how unfair I've gotten and
but yeah I had to leave in the middle of
an interview and the interviewer didn't
notice until like 15 minutes after I had
left my water party had got back but
there was an accident or something so I
was like oh how annoying
why is my game not working no for a
second I thought I was trapped ah
anyway yeah so off to collect edwardian
it why don't I all his lunch and what
else did you do you are next to the
window anyway the other thing you did
was he zipped up his own coat didn't you
well done yeah but you got it in one
well done you teacher said that was so
good and you've got yogurt on your drink
oh dear I don't know maybe maybe oh so
we are home and having some snacks but I
just wanted to document this because
this has been happening for the last two
days and it is so funny look at it word
Oh sneaky little melon Steve aren't you
sneaky little melon stealer Eduardo is
obsessed with melon
it's all he's been eating when he gets
home from school you just want some
melon I'm gonna have to fight some more
you know I'm gonna have to fight some
more for you in fact I think I have to
get on the cattle right now and do it
because we're due to get in the cat or
tomorrow so a little one we usually do
two a week hello hello yeah would you be
not today have you
uh she uh she excuse me how many melons
have you eaten today
how many melons have you eaten two whole
melons that's a lot melon wait at least
it's healthy right like the good thing
too he won't have anything else though
like I offered him Alfred him crisps
like I offered him breadsticks
because it's the afternoon and he's got
rugby so I kind of want him to have
something a little bit more um no he
just wants melon what is going on what
is going on little melon stealer don't
eat that better so normally I would have
collected an earlier this afternoon but
amelia is not coming home today well
she's probably coming home later on but
she's going straight from school to her
mate says
which is she's gonna Jessica sighs
you're so close guys to a sleepover it
concerns me I also had a shower
oh yeah you're thinking like why does he
look so handsome in jabber well yeah
we're so close to sleep over territory
guys it's gonna happen it's gonna happen
it's gonna happen one of these days when
does it first up leave comments of when
your first child is asleep Amelia's five
now does that happen when they're five a
friend of mine has kids right and the
daughter is 10 and she has a boyfriend
she was telling me about her boyfriend
she's 10 I was like oh boy oh boy he'd
be comedy to have a boyfriend let me
know right I'm back home but look what
arrived from friction rush all the new
glasses guys who Tommy Hall figure but
look at these little circular guys oh my
goodness okay Ana you ready we're gonna
do a fashion show we're in a glasses
fashion show cause you haven't seen
these also the prescriptions a little
bit higher than the one I'm currently
wearing I know why they're my old ones
ha ha the diesels would like eyes you
know turtle shell or something they're
calls right which one we go first
Oh toward this yeah right we'll go with
this one first
hello Harry Potter really so different
everything even looks different way in
him what do you think guys well it more
like smarter hi dr. Jonathan okay let's
try it unless yeah what do you think of
Danny these sizes yeah they're de gand
ones but I really like the top one so we
need them to the end so they're like
black Frank rims but they're circular
hmm tonight eyes like miles away from
the one I had what playing us I'm still
a traditionalist Oh cuz the guy was like
you should have a different parents for
like different nights out of you
like crazy oh okay you're gonna do yeah
all right here we go
Tommy tomorrow haw beggar hello
anyway leave comments guys so we have
tortoiseshell circulars thin circulars
or Thomas I like the blue on them the
accent of blue or Tommy Hilfiger's
tailored exactly the same zero and
stainless steel a bit longer they're
longer I'll tell you what though the
extra so this is when I first got the
description it's because they were
worried that I might get sick they gave
me half my prescription to get used to
for six months or whoever line that was
and now this is my full prescription and
definitely like you can see a huge
difference yeah it's like that was going
from like crap standard definition to
high-definition now we've gone 4k it
feels like I can't you see inside your
eyeball I can see a ring I can read
minds sunglass inversion Jim I was
saying to Noah if in you guys wear
glasses I was saying I don't tend to
wear the sunglasses ones because when
you could enter the car and you go
somewhere I still need the glasses right
but they need to look like a tool
because you're wearing sunglasses inside
did it not have to try to have tried to
peers the glasses to peers DVRs a week
on how about me I don't want to wear two
guys should help me buddy
yes I'm like you forget sometimes you
get out of the car and you're like so
let's see after a while I don't realize
there's sunglasses because they're so
they're not like Jeremy they're so clear
yeah border I would say me at maybe if
you're in a beachy I don't know I just
don't like wearing sunglasses inside I
just feel like a bit of a Coolidge just
keep them in the car yeah
I definitely rasa and I leave your
opinion blue so Edward is having dinner
solo today because a media is at
Jessica's house isn't she and also
you've got some yes you did you fat the
doggies I I need to be is full and I
said the donkey yeah all by myself
yeah no it's lovely I would normally
never dream of vlogging like at this
time of the day because it's usually
there's no proms it's chicken korma this
is usually like the most stressful time
of the day dinnertime because they just
get like really okay hello they just get
really like feral like wild animals I
don't know what it is but right now he's
on his own so it's not too bad at all
yeah a grain of rice fascinating okay
sit down good boy but now he's like
perfectly well-behaved it's just I don't
know throw like three of them into mix
and they just get crazy or even to like
a million Eduardo basically and we're
back in the car and we're going not far
we're going to collect Amelia she's at
her friend she went after school she had
some dinner hopefully she didn't drool
hopefully she didn't drool right now
whoa that's a lot of traffic it's also
just on six o'clock hope you guys are
watching some kind of jealous I don't
know why there's so much traffic when
everyone's probably at home is home from
her sleepover
no no sleepover yeah so did you have fun
after school and your hangout yeah did
you watch a Barbie movie was it moments
fun you're getting so grown-up you know
that and today Amelia did something very
impressive in school emini I got a
special point today house point for
doing something very good because
somebody was naughty and then I come and
then I made a little bit towards it miss
I mean and then she had a look are we
and then it's good it's good dr. del cuz
that could have been dangerous yeah and
I would to see if my teachers in America
then she'll be really pissed
yeah I'm really paying you mommy says
we're gonna see it for a minute does it
she's getting new video yeah mommy's
coming back now it's the end of the
night and you know it because it's near
the end of the video huh
you're making some lunches for tomorrow
but I get this guy's it's just the kids
are having for breakfast tomorrow I
picked these up on our walk today
because a while ago we were at an
immediate picked us and conquerors and
she was like I've never seen one inside
the shower
like the excitement of like lol doll or
a kinder egg anyway my friendliest
friends we should bid you farewell cheer
on its own it's one month today until I
said light yourself but I'm trying to
find like a nice lighting place and I'm
indirectly dabbing me that's my first
time ever dabbing my video is that
dabbing am i doing it right it's my
first time ever dabbing anyway
yeah oh not even worse there is it busy
I'll have some for breakfast okay
because I usually have apple juice for
breakfast to start off before the school
runs so I have some fun morning for
school
