yeah
Irish people always get a lot of stick
about whenever just like a sunny day we
all like put on sunglasses and get ice
cream and cookies and put on teachers
and put on shorts and like the minute
the Sun comes out you know why we do
that because this happens the next day
Oh
lashing rain lashing rain yesterday I
was like what teachers on somewhere
heads I get a lot of things I'm enjoying
the sunshine
boom that's why because you just you
never know what the next day could bring
a torrential tsunami possibly which it
did do you feel about that guys oh boy
gee I wonder who did this would it be
you would it be you was it you I think
it was you
I think it was this hand here this hand
here from this mouth here that is table
here what do you think guys what do you
think you got you gonna eat our feet you
gonna eat her feet are you gonna eat
your feet they gonna be foots of eaters
huh come out to see me look at these
little things what the Android game one
feeder I'm gonna get on your nose and on
your cheeks and then they're here and
over there
how explained to me that please well you
owe me let's hang out in the mouth
ignore this little pile of dogs what do
we got
mmm had a farm eieio and on that farm
there was our mom like a mom to the
screaming oh yeah
you might work
oh we get them all what are they well I
don't think you're supposed to be here
need art theater artists is not a bridge
this is not an access road this is not
an access truck
no no here ah you're so conceited
yeah who's that so he's dead huh huh do
did or all that oh she's so funny as
soon as I turned on the camera her face
like lit up you like that I love her
you're babe matches your outfit I wonder
who thought of that was it dad
no it was not it was not daddy it's
always just the two of us at lunchtime
and breakfast I know dad doesn't join us
so we're like two low-incidence Ally's
not right jokes jokes
we're always on our own for the for
breakfast and lunch nothing look see ya
okay you want some more look at this a
sea of dogs waiting for something to
drop like before I started this whole
like weaning thing I remember thinking
like Oh it'll be so cute when she starts
teeth they'll be like her best friend
now I'm like get away from her I hate
you all right so dad has this new little
party trick but it's so funny cuz
Emilio's face it's so hilarious okay so
basically I can't I don't think I get ya
though once you see my okay
and then I do her reaction first just
hay with it what's up she's like well I
never do it again do it again
the free service I accidentally hit this
on my way what a deal I guess no not
this one I had a ruin here furniture
she's all like yeah okay here I need to
get it from the front
yeah dude again daddy she's nobody
oh god you still concerned okay okay
Jonathan put down the trip trowel
Jonathan attention drip drop yep okay
ready
you know that he didn't even want to get
that I know it's his favorite what the
trip-trap you didn't you want to get it
Oh
no yogi yogi did he hit you in the face
with a slipper tell me where Dad hit you
point to where dad hit you like her eyes
are filled with here trying not to wake
up I guess it's okay Oh take off her
baby with her know she loves it so much
boys your baby your man take this up
okay really laughing oh oh she just ate
ha how much air time can you get Oh
smells amazing
you know some day a meteor be able to
help you
but looks like egg no it looks like this
come leg or something look at this guy's
you never saw the end result yesterday
huh oh it's a bit out of focus look at
the difference of memory yesterday when
at the start of it is not look amazing
and then this here look look at the
corners whoa you didn't see those ones
and then you didn't really see this work
here but it turned out so well I just I
didn't talk about cuz I just watched the
vlog yesterday which kind of reminded me
that I did all that and I was like oh
yeah put in a desk desk yeah I decided
to put this back this way as well
against the window but look at that Nick
come out so well look it actually looks
like a brand-new and desk like it's so
nice when it runs things when the
mirrors who are looking into a mirror
looking into a mirror looking into a
mirror look whoa it's infinity infinity
whatever blog look into a blog community
that that is amazing that is like so
tributed whoo it's like a vlog looking
into a vlog looking into a vlog looking
into a vlog Wow
how much how I have foots burger can we
take this high okay
alright let's put this on that wall
looks a million times better but you can
see um yeah that just it's a problem we
can turn this stuff on your own but
doesn't it look so much better
Wow really like makes the room I don't
know if you get the sense that because
the windows hitting the wind mirror we
sit in the mirror would sit in the door
see if just like you know it doesn't
feel like those walls cuz there's
mirrors and windows turn I mean I'm just
waiting oh my goodness what did you do
at your side in a night because I ate an
entire lasagna
what flavor lasagna is it is it beef or
turkey or beef organic a kay
a horse organic organic horse meat YUM
look at that oh yeah can't wait to
judging them
Georgia judging Jam jokichi with your
burger and your what Roberto Cup get
worthy so I made some cupcakes earlier
as well while I was putting the mirror
up mmm
what's on the top of him it look it
looks like salmon pate it does sorry
Karthik Oh cake would be bad
you know snickerdoodles no cinnamon
their white cupcakes is cinnamon mmm
can you comment if you ever had a
snickerdoodle and then we'll be like
snickerdoodle buddies
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
