mm-hmm
Good Friday morning guys to you hope you
all had a good day or morning or night
or evening or whatever time you joined
us here today what I do I take out the
part I leave with there for Nene's so
she can make mine we're talking about
Deena deci van company little X in
comments and I was like a still out bad
idea I was thinking about sand down and
there's a couple of things I wanted to
send anyway and I was like I was gonna
my sandpaper if I could I could justify
buying a sander I gave more things that
I was like oh my goodness I should do
that desk
I should like sign down that desk and
varnish it like a darker shade of wood
you know and then and then that might
fix the problem and I might be a might
be nutty so I'm I'm gonna try and do
that today Minnie is watching uh Papa
you havin fun buddy
you having fun yeah yeah
smells good my friend Oh mango Veneto we
read this book last night
who has it Oh Gina for she was like at
seven once when your truck gets up in
the morning should be having a slice of
toast cereal and some fruit or something
I was like what the hell she didn't have
a section of the book for a crazy baby
rocking back and forth I rock my hair
back and forth oh my god she'd be
perfect for that video what's that
girl's name teeny Smith should use you
in that video yeah you know it oh my
goodness I left the house without a
jacket on what
you're like I left the house with a
jackass
a lion on a cup with Suzy it's like I
keep saying down I'm a team today
another great side rare jacket on the
right oh but I am I'm actually I'm so
happy there's warmth in the sky this is
a sign of things to come guys summer is
upon us
yeah right it's putting a lash rain
later on today or tomorrow is gonna be
snow every time every time because every
time I've readjusted the heating from
like the winter setting I'm like I'll
fake it back on so like summer setting
turn off the heating and all like
different rooms and turn in everything
and on itself at night it's like minus
20 or something happily free so I turn
everything up this way up against it
right so it turn over turn up and all
that stuff then night that night were
like oh my god it's so hot and it's so
stuffy in the house it's like oh my god
oh my god so jonathan is at wherever you
are Harvey don't where are you being -
oh yeah and immediately I got so excited
cuz he's on the phone and she can hear
his voice why the phone is he trapped
inside the phone anyways I just want to
show you guys that there's no real point
getting like one of these like you know
a big big high-end standard thing you
know cause like within the desk and then
the few little bits I want to do a rent
house and smooth them out and repaint it
and stuff and I definitely think this
took I look there looking like a mouse
huh
it's kind of cute and it comes with like
loads of stuff is right like paper and
stuff cuz I think I miss wireless as
well are not Wireless but cordless why
there's so many different types of
paintbrushes we look comfort well I like
that you guys think here the mahogany is
nice isn't it I think it's this one here
sadly new deep mahogany maybe that's a
nice color isn't it it's so cute we
can't find her little bow that matches
his headband so she's got a different
one on that was from a subscriber like
ages ago she sent like a big pack of
bows and they're really handy because
they have the little slighty clip things
so it actually works with all of her
headbands the ladybug ones this doesn't
stain on it the one I don't know why you
ain't no oh well this is a cute outfit
from the system patch yeah but it's
still too cold to wear three-quarter
length sleeves even though it is quite
nice and sunny in size today not nice
we're gonna go downstairs now and we're
gonna have some milk you lose some
boobie and then we're gonna take a nap
so I got on a bit of a surprise because
she's me wanted to get you guys know put
it on top of the bed you know she's a
how long and she wanted to get something
for him we've looked around and loads of
different stuff but on my on my journey
on my travel today I saw a golden kind
of mirror baiji golden not sure what you
call that and a big mirror and I noticed
she wants one so I was like I'm just
gonna get it bring it home and she's
gonna be so excited
we woke up from her nap yeah I feel like
her head looks so big with that tiny bow
because usually it's kind of mad
it's one small Zomig ahead like a bit
bigger daddy here Oh paint burp babe
Bourbons dad so Joe if you just texted
me this present for you what the hell oh
my god where you get it what great
together
what yeah 20 nice it's not that heavy
it's wooden all my son's goals and I was
like perfect
cool no thank you ah now right date Cory
is complete all right full of a full of
our jobs today so here's the table
beforehand you can see the coffee rings
everything I plug like I plugged the
vacuum cleaner into the back of it you
could buy like a whole like unit so if I
suck it up but it was like an extra like
50 euros so I was like um yeah I think
I'm back you know probably like didn't
air you can't just jam it in and kind of
kind it does the job flick that on no
it's one of these ones that needs to be
plugged in olden day technology
and yeah so I'm cooking up some sweet
potato with cinnamon for India whoo she
just had her um
these puppets I think that's what
they're College the cheese and tomato
ones and she really likes them her
holding her apron forget about that I
don't think she wants it anymore
we'll just put it in here for
safekeeping okay see I like this little
apron thingy because it's like a bib and
an apron
step off okay all right that is smooth
ready
14:40 I'm gonna wash that's like super
boiling water I'm gonna wash it down
because any of the actual sawdust that's
left wouldn't stop the stuff to you from
doing this is not a tutorial though okay
so don't follow my instructions
I'm probably doing it all wrong they
have a look after washing it down I look
at the difference through it once every
Rhonda it's working with luck you could
just leave it like this I suppose it's
like clean now but I want to sort of
tinted a different color but look at the
difference though it's crazy isn't it
all right only two bronze eel because
remind me of Ron Swanson and Ron Swanson
no it's all that wood all right let's
dip this in oh it's muddy isn't it let's
start when it's cold there we go yeah
all right the first layer is on it looks
pretty good I'm gonna leave it there to
dry for about an hour and then I'm gonna
put another layer over it but it looks
way better it isn't it looks so nice
all righty huh DIY furniture fixing with
jofi please make a song about that so I
put a second coat on what do you guys
think huh doesn't that look amazing like
compared to what that was and Ron do you
remember like the first part how that
looked compared to this that's
incredible isn't it that's amazing
hey Nikolas picots Reggie like it was a
question to go in there so am I just
came here to pick up some white paint
that I bought you weren't the guys ages
ago I painted Margaret's kitchen for her
there was some excess paint as like like
is that well I'm here guys I thought I'd
come up here because do you remember
when I'm when Minnie passed away and we
buried her and we went to the flower
shop when we asked a guy for a flower I
was kind of I don't know relevant to the
time where some letter and he gave us
this he said that they will they will
bloom in one year and although let's see
I think she loves about three weeks so I
don't think it's a full year yet but I'm
so cool isn't look it has actually
bloomed huh look how pretty you are
Minnie huh there's a hard worker man in
my house I don't know where he came from
maybe you've noticed when the puppies
were puppies their game was to chew
everything yeah look I'll wait till it's
out of their system yeah their system
they haven't bitten anything in like you
know weird though cuz they go for like
certain skirting boards and then others
are like perfect
yeah like the one over therapy because
papers you know where there were spots
yeah guys like look let's see her body
yeah I thought he's not your paste of
wood but no no one looks ready Jovi that
one was like this was all like chewed up
along here it's perfect
and it's yeah you wouldn't even tell
awesome so that was all perfect before
so I'm sorry genius right now I'm just
sad leave me comments come around your
house yeah teehee and then there's this
as well which isn't anything I actually
thought it was the dogs but it's not
it's to do with her every time the oven
Internet yeah the paint flakes off and I
was like oh dr. B I can then I realized
one day when the oven was done I saw
like flaking those like oh it's nothing
to do it because it's not rude or
anything we have to pay for that too so
that I have animation yeah I'm on a DIY
emission yeah I have you some comments
of other things you notice around the
house and I will get to it many my
trusty nose and I groomed all the dogs
yeah they all look well they're all
playing it's right now I think I'm gonna
take down the Easter decorations I think
tomorrow we're going
nothing we've done way too much yeah way
too many things I didn't get you to my
driving blog sorry so you know what time
it is it's Friday night and it's Friday
night feast night after all my work we
need some pizzas need some serious pizza
so leave your uh leave your butt Friday
gotta have keeps on Friday if you had
some pizza to it would have been like
ninety moment so leave below what you
would like from Domino's and I will do
my best to deliver it in 30 years or
less or you get your money back hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
