a baby baby from the Deo
yeah yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
we're going to meet our friends for
lunch even though a date we just had
breakfast
like and out was not even in that Oracle
and I were yeah maybe like an hour I was
working so I'm gonna just lie yeah does
not really not hungry
I hate when that happens it's like why
can't the world just pants off around us
yeah okay that will be in the same year
in school oh that's kind of weird isn't
it like the gap gets smaller and smaller
as you go along
yeah and then when you're much old like
I remember thinking when I was like a
child that like people that were 2 years
older than me were like way old like out
but it's a man talk right now when I was
18 and 10 yeah so it's like 25 sorry
German it's like yeah that's fine it's
the owner yes but the younger you got to
gets like whoa that's some sort of law
against Saturday yeah it's weird
yeah oh my
is that the biggest prop you've ever
seen in your life holy crap it's called
coffee soup yet like a brown bread snow
in it and everything yeah Mentos he's an
Amelia
high five actually like to eat you
he's not here
so cute oh my goodness so we're trying
to find a Garda Station at the police
station but they're all bloody closed
the window pointing it was like on sorry
room cause I'm like but does a guy with
a good right here so we think there's
one up here in mono Farm Road or
something and then we got to go down to
the tax office because they close at
4:00 and we missed the yesterday the tax
office is the motor tax office which is
where you have to apply for your license
that's someone positive but I'm trying
to find a Garda Station is quite tricky
like goodness it was an emergency so
after all of that pickguard I was like
he liked you really nice but he was like
oh no you don't need an attempt that's
like understand what I've been through I
should on the plays that goes like if he
was really nice it's like it's the last
one or if it's like a renewal or
something I don't know or I can't
remember
not if it's your first one it was like
oh so we just drove all the way around
our and then he apologized like we're
you guys wasting your time there's like
baby so usually like me yeah
it was funny it's nice when Gardez are
nice because you know they are the
keepers of the beat
CRA that's what it peacekeepers I uh huh
gar - i Akana
it means keepers of the peace
history lesson and we're done huh you're
now you want to drive because I know I
keep crashing into things it's the hard
thing to drive is the big this is a 4x4
it's a four-wheeler yeah I think so ages
together because you're getting the new
islands gonna win a new credit card
licenses yeah I'd have to print them
yeah sorry about that
okay some people don't think I'm crazy
all right I got these things for the
house plate but look a new official and
Porsche actual Reggie I look from
Stuttgart you're the actual like it's
you put your registration plate into the
holder I have two ones from the
dealership and I was like no I want the
official ones from cigars yeah yeah
what's the other one well yeah after
it's not in America oh right because
cars look so ugly
we read plates better if you and I if
you take the ranch pan off the front of
my car the Porsche grill runs down the
front and it's ugly looks like Google
images of American cars you're like you
guys are so look you've no idea how
lucky you have it but you're one wedge
paint on the back they're like
completely black and dare you use me I
was so rude that was so rude of you oh
my guys if you stop watching I totally
understand because I'm it's not even
funny right now
no I am professional certified
professional camera holder all right all
right guess what what we made some news
baby crying whose baby cried actually it
was Faye when they were was he's very
close my friend what are you singing the
trip-trap song
oh god no yeah she started crying
I like the trip time oh speaking of trip
rock songs I faded this website called I
can't even see you it's so bad it's
called bang camp or something like that
and it's a website that will allow me to
and yes I can upload all my music you
know all the songs so I always recording
to always like oh I want the music like
the intro song or the stuff that I
always put in front are honest songs or
the disinfect song if you ever I'm ready
to record that by the way I'm ready to
record it make music videos no you
didn't get your finger out of my ear so
anyway I'm Capcom for it stroke probably
secona Jolie or something like that and
well no because it's not even set up I
have to upload the songs what do you
guys think it's a good idea right yeah
it's the way it works I think you like
you you can pay for whatever you take
its word so if you want to give me a
million dollars for a song just gonna
give a cent that's what I would give if
you're like oh you can pay whatever if
you think that is that all you think my
musings weren't one said oh like if
something is one cent or a million euros
you're obviously gonna pick one cent
well I think some people will listen to
the quality my music in thinking what
deserves two cent you tell them nothing
you tell them nothing kind of no guys
you have to check this out exactly a
baby bagel
a baby baby from the day of
you want a baby bagel gonna be needing
we eat it
yeah yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
is that so good we just got the chicken
salads standard oh it's so cool that
when we go to your food now we actually
have to get her something some ways so
much more fun like who was like which
one in the edit you can get like Nutella
and die peanut butter and stuff like
probably that's what huh what you mean
you're so handy here
you sure huh are you alright it's mommy
yeah yeah
by any like cheesy books it's really
hard for her to get them in what would
she does you know the cutest sound ever
they melt like in your today yeah
cheesy puffs she's in tomato
a little chewy
yum-yum-yum all right let's get this
party started
but look we found when we were shopping
locally founded mini bagels so we
decided to bite him so we can fill her
up with them are you sure you don't want
corner with naan bread you sure you
don't want core Mowatt naan bread YUM
it's my new favorite thing guys
chicken corner mo and I'm red broccoli
ya wanna know I'm trying to remember I
hope I don't forget she's not crying oh
never Christ she never dies her mom's
okay she never cries and mommy doesn't
she is not she's not terrified okay
let's get some nice PJ's hello huh why
am i talking to you guys like I'm
talking to me yeah that's pretty weird
okay we gettin good down let's do a
doctor media um all right like I
literally feel like I'm recycling the
same five outfits over and over again
does anybody else ever feel that way I
think it's also to a well it's largely
to do with the fact that I'm
breastfeeding because like you know
chops and shellfish are appropriate no I
can get easy access Oh God the dogs are
running around the muddy garden okay
this might be a breath I think is it
haha
okay coming out there no there'll be no
elation of the babba
yes no it just it to cigarette the
skateboard it has come to the rescue
Americanism hello what is he doing he
loves it
okay take the best how about that
well I told you I wouldn't miss Tibet I
intend to be licking her body
okay must get this he'll do no I
said no wonder you guys an ammonia
hypothermia that got me come able to
voice rock the coin jelly okay I got the
tower no further back so she be okay
what about my tower no do I get an
orthogonal monty apron I must pay the
attack this is the budget minute can I
see here please very soon they won't win
anything okay I think they have me
something to face oh really trusted oh
that's lovely it's scented like another
person this isn't the product is this
it's a credit rosy old furniture right
yeah I go say goodbye to your friends
nice sorry about that no thank you
forever or do you participate responding
right that's it good night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
