and coming out I got a better parking
spot Oh what happened I got 36 36 what
wrong oh geez
oh my goodness it's test day what oh my
god what time is it he's like 9 o'clock
in the morning so in like 6 o'clock this
evening we were heading in today to test
oh my god I know Anna is like petrified
because she's like oh my god cuz it's
like not only shooting to test that like
normally would be like stressful enough
because you like aw crap I don't pay I
don't wanna fail tasks it cost like and
he's like 50 euros to do tasks you got a
book it in a few weeks in advance it's
like embarrassing and stuff like that
not only do you have the added pressure
of like and you know doing the task
you've got like 30,000 people or so
watching the video as well so I'm not
only disappointing me be disappointing
like everybody else at the same time so
it was slight added pressure to Tia to
the affair but I know she's gonna do it
I know she's gonna do it she's like
super smart and it's like she's like
genius love her dad is a genuine
certified genius so of course she is
like she got like I think I'm like
wondering like top marks in her Leaving
Cert like that's like your main big exam
in Ireland and she got like firsts in
her university first year himself you
know before she moved on she fashion and
stuff so like I know she's got brains
you know II mean she's got the brains
he's got the looks got the whole package
oh yeah she's got the baby now huh
brains balls babies pictures and he is
inside watching me
okay kid is that okay guys just sitting
there with her
you having fun there you having fun with
your doggy friends huh nicey-nice she's
losing hope you're not chewing on these
are you they're not for you
put your sock back on special morning
coffee delivery for the exam / Sony's in
the house
this is laced with special passing exams
ingredients it's gonna happen training
is we're gonna look back in this footage
tomorrow we're editing it we're gonna be
like aren't you remember yesterday when
you didn't have a provisional license in
Ireland to drive you're not gonna fail
that you've already failed that attitude
hmm you're a winner do you know what you
know what oh my god you know Robins nice
we're having a chicken dinner okay here
a winner I'm gonna take it I'm taking
the chicken out because we are having a
chicken dinner tonight
all right lads don't mind the am icicle
situation whoo
finest winner winner tesco finest
chicken dinner
oh yeah boom a friend of ours that just
lives up the road she was telling me
that um this is her coldest room in her
house as well which is that is part of
the chimney and they close the valve or
something in the chimney I just like
what close the what now there's a valve
but where is it like whoa there's a cool
breeze come from now on maybe I need
that I brought this because I thought I
might explode let's get the old torch
app so what I have is uh where the heck
is this thing supposed to be he's a
little switch or something Oh does it go
mini hmm
who's done hi hi
why did you like the camera so once
you're so cute every time I turn it on
she's like yay
so we tried to put these shoes on but I
think they're too small I think we might
have um missed the boat on those ones
sorry they matched and everything but it
says zero to three months and I really
didn't put her in shoes at that age
because I just didn't really make any
sense
can you exciting me just didn't really
make any sense so sorry little one I'm
sorry but her little footsies wouldn't
fit in it so I think we're just gonna go
without she doesn't really need shoes
but it's like now which is at the point
where they kind of make sense um
obviously when she starts walking and
moving ran more than will make more
sense but we found this two in her
little um toy basket we said boom that
was from your grand end so homemade
chips are a success no no no no no no no
no no no don't feed it to the dogs
come on he'll get down oh that's her new
thing is that she feeds the dogs for her
food and she thinks it's funny which it
is kind of but not really
um because then she puts it in her mouth
so so I cooked up some zucchini and some
chips potato chips which are almost
burnt but actually they're probably nice
because they're putting nice and crispy
but um and I think she prefers this a
lot better too when I cuz I boiled them
yesterday because I was trying to do
like the not pureeing recipe kind of
thing like I try and do the recipe with
a puree but I guess
if you just boil veggies like that I was
kind of boring plus I didn't have any
vegetable stock because you're supposed
to make your own and I just didn't
actually realize when I was reading the
menu thing so I didn't have the
ingredients I needed for the vegetable
stock and you're supposed to make your
own because the other one has like lots
of salt in it so I was just a disaster
leaving highs for the last time as a non
licensed driver
you're not gonna fail then you are in
this room believe Mama's gonna fail my
handbag yeah you dig Andy Bianca think
you gonna fail but everyone else is for
it
Hey okay Yankees outside oh good well
that's just not nice
djenka this is the car if I didn't have
Emilia in my life this is the car I
think I would have bought exhaust hey
where's my oak over here I had to I
dropped it down to get a get a service
dog I wanted to get to the air
suspension e-waste I think he did a keep
it trill brakes as well oh look it's got
a warning on it looking warning please
notice vehicles and brake pads take care
for 200 miles don't drive 200 miles an
hour or two what hmm let's go collect
Annie oh em gee I wish there was some
way of practicing when I was in the car
like a nap or something I checked
there's that ah buzzes even what I'm the
or si or whatever no it was like
somebody in England I think told me
about an app and I got all excited and
it turns out what it's different because
in England you know
different but imagine you did the theory
tax from like let's say America or or
any of mainland Europe you know and
you're like when driving on the
right-hand side of the road like no you
idiot you drive on the left-hand side
you know like everything you'll be like
the oxidizer rule again do you always
give way to traffic on the right is that
it or something
wait then no one you always feel to
traffic on I shouldn't be asking you
know I fail I fail brutally like oh no
just don't question anything dude might
you do the test don't go back in yeah
yeah because when I did not home I drew
them like Bam Bam Bam Bam I'm always
just like you ma'am you know I bet I
just always go through them really fast
and then like sometimes no I never
missed them for that reason like it's
either I just don't know the answer
whatever but like ah I just hope I don't
get all the hard ones yeah
or all the ones I don't know oh my god
imagine I might you're usually got like
one or two wrong imagine all those one
or twos imagine you know like you know a
it registers you and it remembers
everything imagine when you sit the test
it goes like does it remember me now you
don't get it attracts you yeah but on
this yeah on the laptop yeah you right
you have to register and self oh and
when I logged into it when I booked the
pastor asked me to register Utah but
what if I don't know my details
haha wha Cheetos
but I can't remember your CVS number in
your passport itself my PPS number I
don't hold on no no no you don't need
that no your PP I said oh okay I already
did that part for you
I already registered you PPS to Social
Security oh yeah little order P P Anna's
personal pin number is that what it is
no no PB n PBS what the hell is PPS on
for okay we're lost so the test center
is somewhere in here but there's no idea
it's it number two but number two is a
supermarket I'm like a Polish
supermarket unless that's where you
actually do your test in like a Polish
supermarket okay don't look like it's
down here okay hmm why don't give my
call like hey where are you guys
maybe thanking in here this looks like
the staples are this day I hate to come
in here so I kind of hope in this
position we have achieved greatness
that's it there that building there in
case any of you guys are doing your
Terry testing quark and you're like what
hell is it it's there the unmarked
buildings the unmarked buildings don't I
do it but I forget that it was so long
ago yeah I know years ago I'm on a Sony
it was only six years ago why'd you
change um when I do it then it was in a
different place and I thought it was
there but oh
and literally a vote look I'm like
beetle so uh the car park was like first
at first half an hour was free
oh look I kind of look at them run them
on the fear the fear when I walk past
those holding what is he holding do you
not have the thing to hold oh are you
sure that's all I need oh good that's
what I was looking around for it I
walking up and then here I saw she has a
flower in her car I saw a group of
people sitting outside the door smoking
and it looked like when he stressed out
so I was like that's probably and I
walked up and it was uh no silly change
mcgrill sit right here so we can get you
do Rosa I'm not a let go in is that so
crazy no one can ever come to me my mom
came in with me they lost like it's so
different doesn't
that's only six years ago that's why
everyone else is sitting in their cars
around here happening folks tapping in
folks oh oh my god I'm so I'm petrified
for you I'm excited for you as well I
know you're gonna be you're gonna do so
well so wait what do I need huh passport
two photographs well I don't need them
now I probably shouldn't go in Kweli I
know I'm gonna pause oh my god
well anyway I wish I could have
practiced all that I should have brought
the laptop lamp there don't trying to
bang the door of the lamp
I know this is stupid I just brought the
laptop I know
I'm so nervous for you good luck oh my
goodness I'm like so nervous for her oh
my god it's so much harder when like
thousands of people are watching it as
well like and she goes oh my goodness oh
you guys don't have the weight though I
have to wait like you have to go fifty
minutes before the exam so it's a half
sakes so then it takes about ten minutes
to do it so we're talking like I have to
wait here like 25 minutes half an hour
just sitting here before I find out you
guys get to like find out in a few maybe
I'll like should wait maybe up me oh my
god will I keep it till tomorrow
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone
joy just que I already dude idea with
everyone cursing me right there
all right oh um let's wait for it to
come back and nervous at the same time
and I kinda need to pee and it's gone
out I got a better parking spot Oh what
happened
I got 636 wat wrong oh geez
mmm what happened you're holding a lot
of stuff you guys hey congratulations
you can okay you're addressing your life
history is on that form oh you passed
yay oh you so nervous 36 like one off
well no it's two off being a fail oh my
god is what when did you fail I don't
know what doesn't tell me why there's
not who cares who cares that's it you
never have to do it again we won't wake
him Ian Lee I have to congratulate you
but oh my god I'm so proud of you yeah
and then it was so complicated is there
like an icicle cuz you obviously
registered me right yeah and they're
like your passport doesn't say Jolie on
it and I was like Oh coz half the stuff
those do you have your marriage licenses
like no one knows like oh no he's gonna
send me home yeah yeah yeah and he was
like okay well you're a driver's license
gonna be in your maiden name ah you know
I thought was me because when I stood at
the forum I was like oh my goodness is
this are your marriage license actually
allows us to register everyone Saucony
joey and i was like my marriage place
yeah but you I say who cares okay
you guys you did it you did I'm so proud
of you huh oh I was always so nervous
and I almost walked out you to put your
stuff in your locker oh you know you're
lucky I left everything all my stuff
like in my locker
oh my god now you get to drive in the
road ah you excited I'm so proud of you
I'm so happy so it says you have like
two years to take the test
yeah yeah you've got about it for two
years yeah yeah hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
big ass
