if you've just watched today's vlog at 6
o'clock right now and is doing her exam
oh my goodness huh you excited
morning friends ah how are his back
itches but it was beyond my ability to
reach it but if you just gonna pull the
skin Archard a certain angle you can
like you can get it I got it it's
important to make a stupid face while
doing that so I took a week off going to
the gym because I was like I don't know
for two it was funny because I was
looking through my Instagram and I saw
the one where Jim Wright when I got that
assessment done and it was like 12 weeks
ago and I was like oh my goodness that
was like 12 weeks for what I what I had
actually done like I'm losing like 25
pounds probably more whatever sometimes
I think your body gets kind of used to
you know if you work at the same thing
all the time your body gets a bit like
oh yeah I got your game buddy and then
it knows how to like not get better
because it knows your little game plan
well I choose span and it works
I got pizza every day for a week I did
not uh pizza so I just pulled Amelia
away from the table she's just finished
her banana and first of all it's really
cute bit hayskins got cupcakes on it but
look it trapped all the banana so
usually like the dogs would get all this
but we beat the system yeah I was just
reading her book she turns seven months
on Thursday I completely forgot so quite
then she's able for the second stage
weaning which is like meat and stuff but
um so I can't we fit out but we're a
little bit behind still she's not
exactly on like well she's on three
meals a day which doesn't eat like a ton
of it
so we still have like another week and a
half I think to go the first stage plan
okay yeah but that's exciting though
because then she can have like chicken
and fish hmm yeah okay I'm gonna get you
cleaned up now oh my goodness oh this is
the first time ever we've actually
the dogs with the cleaners see last time
when she came the dogs were actually
getting groomed at their dress so it
worked out really well but this time we
were like okay we're gonna try it again
you know like something she just cheese
the dog lovers yeah what about the old
fellow he's having a nervous breakdown
get these over the couch right okay okay
and the restaurant lay there darling
okay just keep this keep don't read
everything oh my love love we had like
cameras set up so we can actually watch
like heavy interaction work at like what
up because every time we leave the dogs
like they go to their summer capture in
the summer or dare with deer chicken and
groom or yeah or they're over in them
the vets you know like wherever they go
we always hear back that there'll be
done if the obvious perfectly fine and
stuff I think it's because we're there
he knows what he can get away with
obviously I don't know he's covered is
there he goes to tear drop
like rumors yeah she's he's always a
friend
yeah ghost he doesn't like mark he's
like a really good dog doesn't wire for
anything she said the only time he ever
barked is when a man came in yeah yeah
thank you almost hostage yeah he was
just like wow why'd she was like oh my
god she'd never heard a wife before so
like he's fine
it's just when were there yeah yeah so I
thought it'd be interesting to see where
we come home and her car is outside but
she's nowhere to be found and there's
like a foot in the garden I'm like oh
there's that felon burbs the bumps the
burbs suburbs yeah I was take those tall
the burbs loser Tom Hanks huh the dog
the bone guard if you saw it you got it
we didn't Google it Oh
beads and stuff on them they're so cute
with the cocklebur zones you don't care
dear let's put this down so you can see
the world even though you're asleep but
if you want to wake up I want you to be
able to see Sparkle is look at these
arms a million people Papa Papa hello
hello my name is owl I hope I'm a hot oh
the chair and the trial friends I'm just
gonna have all of these just just all of
them that's it yeah you can have the
yogurts
is that funny with it is that plenty you
wanna see this let me go yeah sure
you're like looking at daddy to the lens
here this is cool it's like a new
experience I've never had like food in
that and don't start before I got a
chicken and chorizo with mine
you can't go by me Chilly sounds good
and I got the same game book I get a
trophy okay
it is a bit confused you're not supposed
to eat that part but we're at table
number 13 you're not supposed to eat
this part you're not supposed eat this
part you associate the food part oh look
look look look look look we got you go
you wanna chew on this for a minute
until mom gets back here ready to get
her something to mix very old bar free
to eat free mmm-hmm yeah I'm gonna try
it with the wrapper on first
do you think it is chair
Oh scooch ease no we get this chair huh
huh you're my kid huh I didn't bother
with the air
the thingy cuz I was like she's not used
to it anyway itself oh yeah Trey you
know I just left them over there
you know okay sorry
what you doing you like you're in your
nerd she's so funny you know she's like
why aren't you guys interacting it
dangling and singing with all my friends
yeah is so civilized we don't we don't
talk like yeah yeah I think she likes
her biscuit it's only because it's a
biscuit it's not a root or a vegetable
mm-hmm it's B's I mean they are like
organic and we every root vegetables and
what else vegan and all this stuff but
like it's a biscuit you let me be honest
yes you like that biscuit don't you
it happens huh well the keys here
oh hey guys
hey guys everybody there two four six I
guess it was a success me this is an
exam environment here now give me no
messing on now um you could eat the
power table but it's probably best all
Plus this mmm-hmm I'm ready this one
oops you dropped it
do not pull that out mom
badad Oh potato patoot oh okay weird you
excited or do disliking okay let's just
let's just let's just go ahead and lose
that boom gone with this I'll try some
why not
mmm-hmm do you reckon huh hearted was
built on potatoes huh famous for them he
loved us you never know Piero I love a
good banana oh it was the gold over here
examination process there no one excited
oh we can probably tell you guys now
that the exam is actually tomorrow
Oh what it's tomorrow it's actually I'm
at six o'clock tomorrow so when the blog
goes live and I will be doing if you're
if you've just watched today's vlog at
six o'clock right now and it's doing her
exam oh my goodness huh you excited I
told Joe fizz to do it just to see what
he would go this question 40 okay our
thumb is just 39 a foot what is it what
does the load index right like I don't
understand any of this like I just
laying here to drive a car I didn't have
to learn how to build a car that one
either tell me if you fail you failed in
you oh let's see
No
we did you tell me guys they just shut
down a computer setup so I thought wow I
I made a quite a nice color D hey press
finish and it will tell you you failed
now you've made my score go down though
finish huh dad you failed the test there
sorry Margaret vision in the way well I
have a full license okay
and I've been driving for nearly 20
years screw you screw you system okay
system oh my god this is where the best
episodes of malcolm in the middle'
there's Walter White
he's a heroin dealer now is this like
the best episode they never returned
gonna make a nice tasty rice infusion
sweet and sour for me yeah little bits
of rice thrown in there
fresh vegetables sweet-and-sour
pineapple chicken oh yeah going to be a
tasty sensation look use the bit like
you know play that bad you're steve-o
steve-o Oh coming along nicely
you haven't bad time with your father
you have a bad time with your daddy
you're having bad time we're having bad
time we're having a battle time having
bad time wish your father ah what
happens bad time wish your father anyone
all my babies then oh no my baby is oh
oh
hey what's wrong what's wrong
what you look will be visa what's your
book me famous let's go go be famous
yellow yellow grumps you look good oh
Jesus hold on two seconds don't look but
I get that when we get back what's that
when I get that hold on two seconds okay
oh but on screen oh it's gonna be busy
nobody oh you would help contribute ice
oh you mean doping through your toys oh
oh
keloid give me the key wait oh you in
you Sharky way
are you hey huh it's not working friend
Oh
all right let's rub that stuff in
rub-a-dub-dub thanks for the grub
rub-a-dub-dub thanks for the grub
now Amelia Amelia just be honest did I
hear something wrong with the
moisturizer just just be honest now just
tell me the truth
don't sugarcoat us how do you feel how
do you feel about your moisturizer how
do you feel about your moisturizing
experience with Faja huh
get in the hair gets rub it in rub it in
the cheeks rub it in the cheeks rosy
rosy cheeks it's gonna wait wait you tom
friend
what are you doing okay Dan yeah what
are you doing you're stealing it
you stealer come on oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh thanks for watching see you
tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
