all right you ready we go we go on a
joyride huh you're gonna go get you
seatbelt on get you see you put on buddy
you ready
oh it's official ads Minter break spring
break and summer has all come to an end
here in Cork oh boy
everyone's back in school and stuff
tomorrow so this is your last day on the
holidays and it's like oh my god cuz it
is it's like so rainy
as soon as we woke up in a depression
then I would go out and I would urge for
it 4 inch I think I forage joy forage I
think I forage
I'm going to forge some croissants I
would like all the cross bones that's
available to somebody like me on the
Sunday morning you get what is your
Sunday morning I know a lot of them a
lot of you guys if you are a a
socializer you may have gone out and
consumed a little bit too much yoga huh
you know you are you know you are
Amelia's having mango this could get
super messy she's having mango for the
first time what you think you like nice
nice yeah it's gonna be super messy she
likes it though it's super sweet so
think you like it good girl so I'm
trying to fix up this room because this
area has been like this for so long look
my sister gave me that one to meet it
was born because she cheat trended back
baby Ciccone true good Jolie trended
worldwide and she was born so my
sister's like you should totally get a
t-shirt to say that you had a worldwide
trend which is pretty epic baby look I
found
alby's m per pedigree certificate look
you can actually see look that's I'll be
there superboy cloth that's Albie is
Abby's parents white satin King and Ruby
Bell and it just goes on and on and on
the rest of them don't have one of the
Albee sometimes I tio
where's your where's your certificate
look at all the crap I found here look
this my diploma in skiing this is that I
I'm a swimming teacher by the way PS I
used to be a lifeguard on the beaches in
Ireland so you have to do like a tad
gives you like exams like every 20
minutes
and swimming stuff so it was a
basketball referee for a while more like
Reza resuscitation swimming lifeguarding
when I was younger I used to am these
write poetry quite a lot and short
stories of my dad so look at this like
somebody's like oh my goodness I'm
because like I don't know because I had
a hard time growing up well I'm like oh
she's very depressing you notice how I
just kind of vented my frustration
instead of like turning to like violence
or lashing out at people I tend to be
more of like I would like shut myself
away in my room and I put on some like
music that I really like you know and I
would write you know write my mind is
one way of expression I lost a lot of it
cuz I'm you know I've moved around quite
a lot since then since I was younger you
know I am I don't have a family home or
anything anymore to like store all this
stuff away so that's what this box these
two boxes basically are this is like my
life my life in a box it's actually
rather sad to be honest just to get all
right kind of getting somewhere now get
the captain clothes on the go
hello Melia in here huh he hasn't fun
ooh yelling fun yeah almost be enough no
oh he's dead I knew nice movies fine why
oh you can see you want this well yeah
Amalia all your friends are here
all your friends are here so funny this
is my or my favorite Canon cosine I say
my favorite character song what it's
called and it begins like when I was
like ki tomorrow and I was looking this
up and then they ended up very good at
it
okay whenever it's raining and you have
a baby you have to strategically plan
think of my makeup I don't have any
eyeshadow on can you notice the
difference or not I know what's
eyeshadow the top thing well you look
amazing like always
oh he's like so crazy Nene's you do what
do you notice the difference or not no
really no do you say and I feel like
your little naked above your eyes are
little nudie you're a nudist but I know
looks good what you had noticeable no no
sometimes I don't know how you can say
that Erika sometimes I'm like are you
even wearing makeup you know like
foundation sometimes you don't know like
you have really good skin I don't you do
you're beautiful you're beautiful and
I'm beautiful
oh stop - stop stop complimenting me
stop it you re mm-hmm okay how are we
gonna plan this okay what are you taking
my son you're taking yourself okay you
just get your handbag and get inside and
don't get your hair wet coz you would
want it to go frizzy now a new me nope
and I just don't wanna take her out of
the car seat there is no bird Coste yeah
but hold on I got it I got it
no we're going to Harvey's first you
nutjob look if they have a little art
gallery in there I wanna have a look at
Joe be really cool I was thinking right
yeah one of the walls I don't know why I
put everyone over the fireplace I got a
picture of beat back I'm gonna where to
put it over to fireplace and I'll
provide for you see the clock you're
just looking at clocks and I was like oh
my god what if I got like like four or
five different clocks and I could put
all the different time zones on them
like GMT time zone and East to c4 time
Pacific time zone maybe like an Tokyo
and maybe something like Germany or
France or something like that you know I
think we really could have all the
different time zones because you guys
are from all the all the way around the
world and also just pick like maybe four
time zones a very cool on one wall and
then another one to put like some really
nice piece of art
what's the dream one and what she's
doing that you really 200 well if it's
gotta be less than 200
I always just worried what if it falls
in the middle of the night
what size heaviest heart I thought was
metal it's not it's wooden yeah
it's cool I love all of art that has the
actual like you know they canvas like
it's painted not the most amazing chair
I've ever sat on your life isn't it it
feels I kind of like a good way to get
stitched leather no no that's not what
it's for
no I think I think you misunderstand the
purpose of it would you get a white one
oh I think I'm gonna get this chair look
at it stitched leather you just then
just grab you and say like stay here
forever
the most comfortable oh yes om they
blended those desks in stockings like it
will take 12 weeks to get one like 12
weeks forget about it huh it's a folk
easy
you talk you guys live in Utah look we'd
be like sitting on your couch see this
is what I was saying
inside there's not enough room we seen
if we get one Rose corner catches
there's enough room for everybody
all right you ready we go we go on a
joyride huh we gonna go get you seatbelt
on you see proton buddy
you ready we go okay she's like so tiny
I know she's like so Tania with her
I don't even know if she got even
reached yeah steering wheel if she had
to good you hi
get rained on whoa it's like what the
hell just happened
what
right it does I think that would look
really awesome
right about there you know if you kind
of look at it the way the edges are I
think the way we'd have it
wouldn't it be that way no it would be
kind of that way I think right look at
it you know I took the picture of it you
can come into the room you know they go
with clothes off this area by I think we
really cool enough to be enough room for
everybody
what do you look at the colors they went
for the display with that blue it's the
same one yes so everybody say me be dead
bookshelf there are cushions
everything's the same it's the same
color as that so I don't think I would
get an exponent cuz as you sitting there
discussing it I think she went overheard
us because I only came over she's like
oh you see no like you can take all the
covers off and machine washed up cuz
we're just gonna like about the dolls
you know what you wanted to destroy it
huh
didn't we but you think it'd be cool we
could all sit as a family together you
know so it wasn't bring your own food
day today so we decided to bring some
peas and carrots along what's that oh
you won't be needing any of that
that's friends it looks like oh what is
it
leeks I'm Baker the camera doesn't leak
oh oh hey buddy buddy hey small what you
got there yeah I think you get there huh
I love your little list it's like when
she's like a Bandito look we put it up
Oh about needle I'm an eagle right we
have tasks here we have tasks here no on
left open Oh boom
color ink added I'm like it paint
surgeon printer Oh
get out won't close Oh Oh got it
Oh God I remember everything is okay no
need to panic here let's see you enjoy
it it's a souvenir to remember me by
years to come
now give you some paper let's do a trial
run
she loves carrots actually hmm I'm sweet
potatoes like like that little chips
Kato is when she can have me yeah
would you get it - air interface
confusing no Christianity oh yeah open
hmm
then visit bedtime my fear is that meow
Miffy oh never there Kika yeah that's
not like I was so cute Melia Melia
says now
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
