and parrots are guarding the pirate
treasure
and are you thinking my goodness the
glamour the glamorous life that they
must need the glamour of the vacuuming
hmm the glamour of the baby the glamour
ironing similitude invention iron
well okay okay okay yeah I got somebody
did invention are some need to invent
machine there you go no no another
Charter press machine B put it in and
and it's just like yeah okay well good
effort and you go inter microwave see
you later huh I just bought you guys a
new microwave
how did you end up in the car did you
use the teleporter oh I knew I shouldn't
have left the teleporter in the
microwave ah
never leave your teleporter in the
microwave if you're about to put the
vlog ADIZ in there huh
oh boy so I just pick up to them and
just like crazy expensive oh my god your
mom's like you've no excuse no we get
the best buy hot wheels already know cuz
they just feel like some bonding time
with my best friend here just need some
bonding time because the rims that I had
comb on the Porsche are like I don't
know I was kind of I was kind of I was
almost tempted to buy twenty-twos I'm
still tempted to buy 22 for 20 teams on
this thing could you imagine 22 Oh roll
and rolling with the homies I saw em I
remember ages ago don't say that's candy
she has a Range Rover Evoque and she put
22news on it and I was like damn girl
you look fly what's your 20 things and
then I went and looked at the the
Cayenne will take twenty fours but I was
like 24 is like no way cuz like when you
put a bigger alloy wheel on the car and
look sexy put the right the ride gets
heavier now I have an air suspension on
this yoke so it's kind of good at
compensates but 22 is kind of like yeah
I think 22 square i had backed out
because 22 is like he'll what's up you
rolling on the 22s baby
uh-huh I look pretty fly for a white guy
everybody knows don't be fly for a white
guy uh so I was just doing my driver's
theory test and so it says so far you
have taken in zero practice sessions oh
I don't even know the practice session
is and fourteen mock exams these have
coverage 386 out of the eighty eight
hundred and forty five questions oh my
god I still have a lot of work to do
I still have to see what that practice
sessions the practice sessions is there
you go
hi hey I'm not ignoring you it's just so
hard as well with him media because like
she was here and then she just like I
spent the whole morning basically
cleaning and then finally I got done
with that and I was like okay I have to
do my task because I didn't do it
yesterday and I've been kind of
consistently doing like three a day and
so I was like okay I'm gonna do like six
so I think I did like four or five of
them just now I think I'm not really
sure I did like a good few now and but
then Amelia like woke up as soon as
Jonathan came home because the dogs
started barking and well I mean she was
supposed to wake up anyway so it was
okay but she needed like attention and I
wasn't giving it to her and then she got
really frustrated and now she needs to
be fed again well like she actually she
had her Apple this morning she would be
like that does it success but just hard
with her because she does need my
undivided attention and like this is the
thing is like I keep putting off this
off because I'm like this is you know
she's more important kind of thing but
of course the driving is important too
so it's just it's difficult to try and
like to get the balance right okay small
problem
I'm trying to untangle this hose because
I know I know it can fit outside to the
car it's all I can do the wheels and
stuff but um oh my goodness it's such a
mess it's not Christmas lights okay it's
not as bad as Christmas lights but it's
pretty darn oh I think I'll actually you
know what I'll do I think I should run
the whole thing out and then maybe
they'll be actually easier to be able to
see because every time I move it it just
kinks again and then of the kinks I'll
get no bloody water out of it never
happens it's like half past almost half
past five and I just realized I never
had lunch today what is wrong with me
like that's why I'm feeling so because I
just I felt really like stressed I was
getting super stressed about the test
and I kind of had a little bit of a
mommy meltdown but it's all better now
and Jonathan wasn't here to come in and
count me down thanks Jonathan
but um yeah and I was feeling really
just stressed and overwhelmed and
everything hello we didn't eat today
well I had breakfast obviously this
morning the lake what's wrong with me
anyway so that's probably why so I'm
gonna fix myself something to I was just
gonna give her some veggies yeah
I know you're gonna like the carrot
sticks I might just give her parents I
don't know it just says vegetables on
her menu like that's all it says so I'm
guessing it doesn't really matter
bye anyways I can't believe I forgot to
have lunch I'm such an idiot
anyways so I think I'm just gonna oh I
have more veggies in here Wow oh crap
alright so let's do a before-and-after
so this is the before as you can see is
fairly dirty you can see the calipers
back there and the next thing I want to
do which is either too easy you can buy
the calipers in red which I think they
look so awesome Trudy how I bought the
glass about 500 quid each
so I thought you can actually paint them
you can get this actual paint that they
use I mean all you do is you take out
the counter / you paint it and then
rebuy the actual Porsche sticker but it
looks so much cooler when you can
actually see the caliper um but anyway
we're gonna fix it the wheel and see
because I'm still I'm still totally
hooked about it getting the twenty-twos
but for the moment and I came up these
wheels anyway that's my girl you big
dope like white Garrett's
she's so cute she likes it though so
we've got some broccoli some carrots and
some cauliflower yeah and then mom's got
her lunch at like half past five in the
evening we're so weird
we're so I I don't we yeah hmm and I
can't remember what she's having a free
dinner maybe sweet potato or something
I'm not really sure anyways so we're
gonna have her lunch and then I'm gonna
try and take some more tests we can do
this although I don't really have that
much faith I just feel like it's so hard
to look after her and try and study at
the same time why are you laughing at me
you make it carrot it's so difficult -
I'm really scared I'm just like fail
again it's gonna be a repeat of six
years ago ready for the big reveal
huh look at the difference oh isn't that
such difference though isn't it look at
this shine eNOS of them oh my goodness
they look brand-new I just when you get
the classic harvest under anyways no I
don't know when you guys are a car
people but um this is so cool-looking if
they were like the actual the actual red
ones they look so sexy
I'm a jumper a tumble dryer and oh my
charged up I'm like static that's the
dogs
this is so hilarious good puppies honey
his hairs are grabbing on to it yeah and
his dream one of these enjoy to me to my
car pushing tonight Saturday but it's
kind of sunny there's nothing like
giving the old car oh okay well the only
thing I won't do is all wash while I do
wash it but I like to go to the Machine
and Road and wash it it's just a lot
easier but clean your car is like you
know bonding time swinging special times
like you do buddy
thanks for hanks for working all the
time for me cuz I'm his little buddy
over there come on Hattie
I'll do your wheels too
don't worry and the final part is the
vacuum I'll let the final part the final
part before the washing is the vacuum
turbo
final part
this is the answer to all problems in
the world
rusks parties party Ruffin steven
Russell smartly amazing they just keep
her happy for so long well until she
hands him for the dogs because her new
favorite came now was aiming for us to
the puppies so that doesn't mean that
kind of slows down in the progress but
uh except I want to try a different
sauce we thing
I'm not even annoyed something different
we haven't actually had before I'm like
like getting that this is like the
Italian way and you felt like the curry
and then you've got the Thai stuff
describe our dressing these different
it's a Saturday let's be exciting Oh
Lloyd puja Frizzle okay okay I said not
lawyer
Minda Lloyd function
Norma Norma who try
okay um feet it's not a comment because
I know a permit a slight but if you like
never
Maine's karma brother karma
you think Lloyd should I do it
Lloyd come on down chicken I got some
garlic and coriander z-man's
Nana now we've got all more than around
so I got nuns instead we're having role
reversal here for having roller Bertha
you gonna feed mommy you gotta feed mom
are you gonna feed these guys once guys
once and what's huh oh no need mom again
feed mom again you ready
ha tell her she has to eat it all up
just to eat it all up do the airplane
takes care of plane
yeah make you eat it all
oh she's got it all and uh-oh it's gone
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
