hey dr. today they're lucky yeah you
welcome back with us she's actually
putting a weight on her foot though well
already this one's a bit like clumsy huh
what do you reckon buddy
are you get drawing them to you after
you do not if you had superpowers and
you got superpowers you're just not
telling me about have you got
superpowers to make the dogs stop
barking go on for a second there I
thought it actually worked
hmm I just hate my child's ear oh oh oh
it's running out oh oh they're like a
middle Michael Jackson ones we do them
yeah can you do the moonwalk can you do
the moonwalk isn't it crazy that media
is going to live in a world without
Michael Jackson that weird like like
Michael Jackson is almost like a thing
that we should always existed in my life
you know he's always like Michael
Jackson movies and movies like music
videos ins up you are gonna live in a
world without him I feel really sorry
for you she has one direction yeah I do
have one direction yeah it's just what
an influence he was like the entire
generation like Justin oh is there yeah
of course isn't David like oh mom and
dad what are you talking about Justin
Bieber's like a hundred years old and
boring but I I remember when to be my
boyfriend I'll take you good that start
doesn't right that is just good like
okay like wrong I want to put these on
Earth pick up a push pop
dirty lucky yeah you welcome back with
us she's actually putting a weight on
her foot though well ready this one's a
bit like flaps me huh what do you reckon
buddy
you're so small mmm Johnny jump jack
jokey-joke jack
don't be dumb don't be dos jumpy jumps
jumpy jumps
wait wait jump just give me that girl
can we dance are you ready
hello everybody you know like I know
like standing you're a rock star with
your little sparkly shoes yeah huh good
girl so cheeks
trip-trap girl she's been living in a
trip-trap world then an in a nanochip
chuck girl she's living in a trip-trap
world Oh
Oh Oh
tugging butter hot she been living in as
a matter dogs they learn in kids that
girl killed a I tell Vince Lena Jolie
look at dinner
don't forget the egg and the bear and
lbto too
but doing a straight back and forth
thing while asleep like it was so weird
oh my god is so pointy someone else
trying to drive here and it's like a
little driving car it's like that's how
that's how common it is
I think Irish people just learn to drive
in churches it's just like common it's
common practice because issue is like
like traffic traffic's pretty heavy here
today in learners Ville it's like I
don't really mind as much because I know
that she's learning yeah yeah I think if
it were an actual real person
are we I'd be way way scared
I know she's lady yeah you're voting in
the same boat like don't really mind
yeah she's a real person like there
isn't real people too you know haha oh
is the Concord okay okay okay okay
bandage it turn it off and just jump
back nice a real prison Oh
all the way in straightening up lining
it up line it up line it up now just so
you know I like a mile away from the
front yeah I can just tell go on go for
it
more there you go stop now you see we
just stood there
yeah that's applying power that's what
you need to do you know you got to
listen to the car listen to the engine
like that's bad but you know you need to
feel that you're driving it not just
like right in the clutch all right
reverses back oh what they're doing
reversing give up reversing time versus
bike come on you're just you're rolling
back you're just rolling down the hill
no nope get away boom boom Diddy boom
Diddy daddy hmm did he do nice first
e-mart
I think something I found my apartment
okay
okay where where we go we gone offroad
is this an off-road time I didn't
straight up steering room
dad your daddy let's go
Florrie this is great we just follow her
and follow that car I don't see where
she goes
usually totally got behind her be black
baby or flashy lights come on wait for
it to cut every like God move along
oh you're like an expert at Disney's
Antalya we need the next thing is the
road wherever you want it that's okay
easier to do that of course it's easier
it's easier to write the clutter all the
time it's easier to coast all the time
there's a lot of things that make it
easier you know but once you pass your
driving test you can do all those things
would you like some soup or would you
like some poop would you like some soup
for would you like some poop what you do
bujji then huh what are you gonna do
there
how are you going to take that off are
you whoa there Lassie whoa barrel I see
Oh bare washy no is that yellow yellow
tickle tickle over here tickle tickle
marry Mikkel to put this on my rear
Michael yeah soups nearly done when you
have this problem now your fries are no
longer closed due to an infestation of
ice you simply get yourself a knife and
stab your wife it rhymed okay so
probably don't need a book it or
something
a sweet potato where's the where's the
Bukit thing it usually sits around here
dissolute thank you it's the same thing
well just place that here like so get
your knife and let's go shopping here oh
my god snowing oh I got it snowing that
is it oh hey heard it suppose you want
to come over here she's here
hey buddy buddy all right hold this for
me will ya
look you watching you're gonna have to
do this when I'm whoa yeah no fun
holy crap okay I did not expect this
much to be coming out well we aren't in
it enough to be able to close the door
so
the whole thing look at it all huh
look how much ice I got you want to
touch it whoa won't touch it
Oh what does it feel like yeah alright
yeah ok let's plop it all in here let's
watch it disappear
this is going to be cool I Chi not we'll
put it all in first
hmm god it's just like care to top of
the song it's not my fault I can't be
held a kindergarten or something we go
yeah well I'm talking I'm trying to keep
you busy you know pretty house where I
only came here to make soup I didn't
realize it was going to end in me be
frosting infuser I defrosted the problem
do you like that do you like your sweet
potato like that yeah keep it hard to
pick up here you go
there you go hmm in your mouth good girl
you like that okay girl don't get hurt
you're fit up right goofy oh she's
eating it so I cooked up some broccoli
hmm some broccoli here I'll give you a
smaller piece and some sweet potato and
some cauliflower and I'm not going to UM
puree it it's the rest I mean it's not
really recipe but it's from the
Annabelle carmela book which is the one
I was using but I just the difference is
I didn't puree it because it seems like
she wants to feed herself and she
doesn't like being spoon-fed so she's
actually eating more by herself but I
just have to keep a close eye on her
they're cooked pretty soft so I'm not
too worried but just in case Oh
dominoes you make a tasty tasty tasty
pizza Domino's they make a tasty pizza
he's excited for a Domino's Pizza I am
pretty excited for that leave me a
comment if you are also as excited as I
am for my Domino's Pizza it's over there
it's cooking it's cookies cookies
brewing brewing brewing excavation we
rent a video we rent a VHS you do it
from their website remember have a new
option oh you can get it I know but like
mention renting a video did actually
have a video section in there for you
yeah I'd say that's what they do but
didn't even have a video section what
would you do at a video and then you
could get a kiss ash the tape do you
remember going into
shops mmm like they have they're always
empty yeah I know DVDs are as well but
you know you sometimes you get one of
those cardboard ones yeah yeah yeah or
anything it's like I ruined DVDs press
team Adam was like oh don't forget to
rewind your DVD hurry I there was like a
$0.50 fine if you didn't rewind your
tape huh yeah
was so annoying cuz you think about it
like you got fined because you didn't
rewind the tape before the next customer
like they have to then rewind it
themselves like it's like what how did
you get away with charging for you over
something like that it's crazy it's
crazy
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
