don't
puppy party day
can you believe two puppies are a year
old
oh my goodness not only like normal you
don't get a dog or something like that
you kind of get the dog after about
eight or twelve weeks you know but like
we've had these puppies since like day
one without Albie at 12 weeks he we got
seen out in about eight weeks we got
those four puppies from de unos uno I
knew them as embryos I remember I saw
him in the x-ray and his squirming
around in there whoa zurz and their
one-year-old today oh and you guys
remember that the birth video
so I have all the ingredients lined up
and ready to go just restarting my phone
because I tried to take an Instagram and
it wouldn't work I decided to do it's
all chewed up maybe I should use a
different one actually but these are my
specific cases there's silicone cases
but they're my specific ones for the
dogs every time I make this like a I
give them these ones oh my he is right
so look I was just in Maxie's you and I
picked this thing up you know it's like
one of those things for like agility
training or someone that you know I just
thought that would be so much fun for
the puppies to have because it's really
sunny boy while I was in there I know
one of the girls who works in my studio
I went to a college with her and then
you know maxi zoo everybody oh the peel
box and I went into town and I did loads
of many things oh look what I got
I got he updated parched navigation maps
for the world
so now I'd be able to find my way around
because I had the old the old updated
MPC M thingy so like sometimes you would
say like no that road doesn't exist
right I'm just stirring all the em wet
ingredients together it smells really
good actually it always smells good when
I make this because it has peanut butter
in it which they love dogs love peanut
butter and it's actually good for them
it's not like this cake has that
approved I know I've mentioned this
before because I make this every year
and we'll be making it again for alibies
birthday at the end of the month so I
make it like I mean I did use to make it
just for Albie encinas birthday so like
twice a year but now it's only three
times good puppies have to celebrate
their birthday and they have a little
friend Gaby coming over I'm not actually
joking we have a friend we're gonna have
seven dogs today so their friend gabby
is coming over they've actually never
met so I
i punished didn't even call her a friend
but she's a friend of ours dog so and
she's turning 3 on Saturdays so it's a
legit puppy party like you know we're
celebrating five birthdays which is
crazy so this is all mixed up well now
I'm gonna add the carrots there we go
mmm but guess what we got look that's so
cool look you like Black Angus beef beef
beef all you guys are gonna have so much
fun huh fun agility hey hey buddy
yeah he just wake up can I take my
jacket off and I'll tend to your knees
no no time to take your jacket off
jacket must stay on okay so the pupcakes
are done and now I'm moving on to the
cookies because I still have like
three-quarters of an hour so and this it
says they take 20 minutes to bake but I
think it's actually only ten got a fire
hydrant or a water hydrant fire
what's it gold why are hydrant water I
don't I can't remember what are these
called they don't have them here they
don't have them in America and then two
no three bones so there's like one Mongo
one one medium and then there's a little
tiny one so we're gonna roll this out
I'm gonna cling film up that corner area
yeah
okay now hold on hold on before you get
excited I need to lock it into the
ground need to lock it into just get out
of there get out of there
okay hold on all right bolts are in no
no no I'll be you don't step on it going
in you can be my tester going in HoN
music play is it good uh-huh okay really
the spectator hi okay you ready go go go
go go go go
this is the crust final of Best in Show
go go go go come on we're on a train
right here what do you think do you
think she'll happen we think if we bless
them to their own device see if they
come up with oh I'm sure so rancher you
in prison are you in prison
what are you guilty of you're guilty of
the world's cutest baby huh now you play
with your stuff there Danny has free
reign what the dress you ain't there oh
look I forgot we got these isn't that
really cool for all her socks and stuff
that wasn't my idea
well you didn't know that that was my
idea
mm-hmm came up with it myself geez you
got biscuits you got chicken bones
you've got her hop your door
joke joke joke happy birthday tio oh
wait guys
happy birthday Bianca
happy birthday movies happy birthday
I'll be it would seem yeah but sure
let's see what happens
happy birthday guys happy birthday to
you what'd you get what'd you call who's
that who's it busy what's that what's
that what's that
Oh Cena got something even though it's
not her birthday you go there you go
guys ok I'll meet you get you get oh
he's Albie got something yeah Oh T oh
and I'll be better took a warrior if the
big guys you have the long legs yelling
fun you having a Russkie good time Oh
rusty brewski that's about Daniel my
friend rusty ye know la Gazza musky
don't drop it everywhere now you're so
cute
um nom nom nom nom nom and eva's nom nom
nom and you know yeah hey you're a good
doggie
look at her look she's a good
are you sure it'd make you turn into a
dog you want one
IV I did that's what happens you can do
tricks
come on let's go let's go
quano be come on Gibby come on Gibby
come on I'll be be a good doggy
be good we having fun named and shamed
all right once the candles okay you give
her
which one off the gods pick one oh yeah
yeah are the biggest one where's the gap
puppies puppies
I'll be okay
whatever we'll just put one down here
and see what happens no copy it fell
over oh oh my goodness that puppy party
was epic went on way longer than we
expected so check this out let's yeah
check this out huh
you wanna okay here we go you want a
carrot you want a carrot yeah
have a carrot have a Carrie what are you
gonna do with it what are you gonna do
it it you gonna give it to the blacks
you give it to the blogger's oh thanks
that was really nice
you maybe you should have that one maybe
you should have that ether up quite easy
to carry okay
quiet good what do you do she was easy
to read your on is not excited cuz you
got you guys came into the room no she's
trying to give you guys to carry don't
give your card away don't give you a
card away don't do it don't you carry
God
where's the gun where's the carrot gun
you are obsessed you are obsessing no
Amelia
no Amelia no hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
