what happened to Mina she's crying
what happened
the Tooth Fairy cave
you guys wanna go to Dubai chill dear
Amelia sighs thank you so much for your
beautiful - what's wrong what a great
job you've been you've done keeping it
pretty white as it's your first baby
tooth I have decided that you should
keep it
but make sure German danke loser I had
left you and your brother a coin anyway
to play thank you
keep up the good work washing your teeth
love the tooth fairy
she didn't take your two to media how
much beer ever you left it a little box
since you can keep it you clip I had
I've got money
good morning friends and welcome to the
amelia some very exciting news new could
i go close if any you got a coin 53 as
well a shiny gold coin you got a letter
no this is my money and I can buy this
for sheelane is all for the movie off on
bed come on tonight
yeah buy all the things huh
I bought more money so I give the man
this money yeah and he let you in yeah
yeah what's that pen doesn't go very far
these days huh and I've got more so and
guess what why she keeps like you sure
why did she let you keep your dude yeah
so when she actually get such joy a
vegan I'm not well you can't keep
leaving your teeth every night and then
not letting her take it huh but I was
nicely sure really upset last night
weren't cheese that you didn't want to
lose your teeth don't know what did she
say
are you gonna spend your what hope you
didn't lose a tooth I think he just I
think she just felt bad that she knew
Edoardo will get upset
no he didn't get a special letter
you're gonna got a special weather and I
brought many chats I'm just updating
newbies on this situation yesterday
Amelia complained to mommy that daddy
didn't put in a footer on the bagel no
he said see that he doesn't eat one No
to make butter so I never know how much
so do you want butter a bagel thing
again yeah but I need to put more butter
on with it and spread it better right
let's get some bagels
let's take the lunches ouch guys if you
do not eat these you're missing out and
you're like the best one is not here
because we've eaten it but it's just a
strawberry and raspberry one so this
one's pretty good
it's a bit gooey the kids are in school
and I am on a different kind of school
run today Albie
try not to dig a hole and in my seats
please so I'll be is heading to the vet
SEOs huh I shouldn't say that because he
who speaks English
he speaks English but yeah because I'll
be only has one eye so we always have to
make sure that it's in top working order
because he's got no backup
he's got no backup plan and we saw it
could just be a sty or something like
that but because he it's his only eye
we're just gonna go and get a check -
and hopefully make it back in time for
him to go to daycare when Helen and the
rest of the gang but it's important to
make sure that his only working eye is
in good working order because he's only
8 you know I know that's a good
substantial age for dougie but still I
feel like better first thing under this
house is terrifying
we made it
careful okay go alby's back and he made
it what there you go
he made it back from the vets like this
is the stuff they gave us okay okay and
he's got a little of yeah two three
little lumps but you said I might just
be a star or something and but to rub
this stuff in it I don't know if you
need to I twice daily have you done it
once this morning no okay I'll do it
this morning and then if you guys okay
but she checked his cornea and as I
everything's cool like he's got no back
up no back up eyeball
you didn't miss walkie so by all be have
fun
so we've just gotten for my first nap
and guess who has a poopoo my goodness
it's all up in here I just noticed a
faint smell when I went to get her out
of bed and then I noticed a little
staining on her baby girls like that
does not look right my friend that does
not look right my friend
it's a poo poo City was young a poo poo
expose you name situaciones it's been
making up languages here because I don't
even think that's a real Spanish I don't
know a Spanish so so what are we gonna
do with you also we needed to change
your sheet cuz that all got messed up as
well as well I don't know what to do
with you oh my goodness the poop is
everywhere what we gonna do with your
she's been fighting off a cold as well
which is really cool because like it's
just not like she's refusing to get sick
do you know what I mean like um she's
got this runny nose and like congestion
but I think with all the breastfeeding
because obviously breast milk is like
really really good to fight off and
illness and stuff and it has like
healing properties and stuff I think but
anyway um I feel like every time I rest
feed she gets a little bit better and
like it just never fully develops like
the cold never fully developed so that's
really cool because Emilia and Eduardo
have been like up in her face and like
two of them had colds I think Eduardo is
just got a lingering cough which is like
the most irritating thing ever like
anybody has kids you know how they get
sick once they start at school and then
they like the coughed just kind of like
lingers obviously it's good to get a
check out if it lingers for too long
that could be a chest infection but
generally speaking like Amelia had a
cough for like ages last year and it
just never seemed to go away and we took
her to the doctor her and they were like
yeah it's just a cough like it's not an
infection or anything it's just actually
one of those things that you just have
to wait out so anyway I'm going to take
care of this boo-boos exploding
explosion aids because I don't think you
guys want to see that on camera I feel
like the time has come for a less year
to move on with her clothing yeah I
think you need to move out of she's like
squeezing into three to six clothes and
it's partly my fault I want to keep this
baby small I mean you know she's she's
petite anyway but like I want to keep
her small - so I've been dressing her in
clothes that are probably a little bit
too small for her not like uncomfortably
so but like some of the things are um
and I've been keeping her in baby grows
because it's just easier yeah it's not
that I don't care it's just that like
she's baby number three so things are
busier it's harder and yeah like if you
want to let me shave me fine but you
know my mum's other mom said there they
have my back they know what I'm talking
about at least the real moms like I
don't know about the pretend unicorn
mums that just do it everything perfect
um
not talking about those cuz by the way
just so you guys know cuz I've been
getting a lot of crap from like just
crazy people and saying that like Amenia
or her name I'm gonna ignore name as I
see ya doesn't have any toys you know
she's just get attention blah blah blah
I don't do anything with her
whatever like just number one everybody
knows that you don't vlog everything
like when I'm busy literally when I have
all three kids which is many times
during the day I've got all three with
me um I don't blog because it's just too
stressful
somebody screaming somebody's fighting
somebody's crying like it's not peaceful
at all don't get like don't be fooled
you know like vlogging is not always
real life it's not like because you pick
up the camera whether you want to admit
it or not you pick up the camera when
you're in a good mood you know like
you're hardly gonna pick it up when
you're in a bad mood or when things are
going wrong like I might update you
later but I don't actually really film
like when I'm going through stuff like
do you know what I mean anyway so um
yeah people what other people what
people also don't understand is that
like you don't see every orifice of my
house but you don't see like every
single part of my house she has plenty
of toys I'm sure you see that box right
there follow toys yeah she's also got a
play mat which she does go on a lot but
I don't really lock her on it ever
because I'm usually playing with her
when I'm doing that so yeah anyways um I
think these are all her new like the
other the next age up I really like this
I really want to put her in this and
think my mom got her this ah if you put
you in that that would be cute all over
it what is it she is she's in six to
nine month clothes and you stay small
can't you stay small yeah I would love
it if you did would you cannot oh my
goodness you look like a media except
not you look like yourself I should stop
saying that really you look so mean I
would love this you know she would hate
you
here's those cute can I get my phone so
I can take a picture of you because you
look adorable and you're sitting like a
big girl like a big girl
starting solid tune and then comes the
mess
don't worry like that bit what I got
paint hey where did you get the face
paint from okay come in Schmo me where
I'll come and show me where is it show
me where wives outside no is it in
mommy's room just ready to show me what
you had Eduardo Eduardo you're going to
have to go and live in someone else's
house what did you do okay where's the
where is the actual thing or no is it
from in here
this thing here oh geez you dug a hole
in it
okay Eduardo this is very serious
mommy loves this troll more than mommy
loves daddy okay listen to me come here
no come back here what you have done not
only are you going to be murdered but I
am going to be murdered - oh my G - it's
not your cheap it's everywhere oh my
goodness oh my goodness guys my goodness
why - what have you done what have you
done
dr. Jones dr. Jones Kohala dr. Jones dr.
Jones are on manual mode here show how
mature our lights right the dinner Oh
what open Oh a little bit a little bit I
can't survive what are the Mac before
the dogs get on it can't be survived it
anyway look what happened tonight let's
tonight we're having some 7:00 and beans
I don't see no cream beans and we're
having a Peppa Pig family no I'm so
tired like this is this is like I don't
even I can't even explain like see not a
chocolate biscuit earlier no I just have
got her nose in my dinner which what we
mean hey friends
he must tweet yeah oh yeah peanut butter
boxes butter nut boxes butter butter net
new eight friends we shall bid you
farewell we're gonna watch dr. Foster
we're gonna eat our foods we're gonna
play with our peppa pig set we're gonna
play with our doggy what you know being
a bee
ah there's a buoy not be under the
coffee table that is that is our life
get my friends see you tomorrow thanks
for watching thanks for stopping by
Oh
