I know when we don't like it you just
keep on keep on keep on keep on you can
do it
hilarious
huh did we go on the road
hey guys you're gonna get some haircuts
stand up don't fall off though just say
just a little trim on her top why
actually is actually a sunny day today
fantastic hoes but don't open the window
because it's freezing out there but it
looks lovely
so ringing Amelia down to get her six
months shot today apparently this is the
worst one no because it's like the last
one where it's like one in each leg but
on the second leg they're putting this
big huge one in which is supposed to be
like the worst ever is no she said it
was like something keep saying like I'm
building you up I'm building up for you
I know I might need to prepare you first
I'll only mean it'll be cool it'll be
cool do you know that moment when like
you put the needle in and she's looking
at you like oh where have you brought me
Mom and Dad what adventure have you
brought me on mom and dad and then you
put it in and her face is like not sure
about this and then the fluid goes in
and she's like no he's like oh god
but so far so far she's always recovered
very quickly you know it's never been
like they always say like now it might
get all red and inflamed and give her a
cow Paul and all this happens but she's
never had a reaction now hopefully like
I have no one to touch hello we have
been in the wood and hopefully this time
like there is no reaction but you won't
but it's just because the nurse that
like just be prepared next time like you
know and they're 6 1 or whatever this is
like 4 I don't know inoculation of
stupidity oh no don't take the stupidity
out of her I know you're so calm and
peaceful and quiet and asleep they're a
little baby girl and unfortunately I
have some bad news
you do not realize it because your life
is full of cushions and bubbles but I'm
what she's so cute look at her Amelia
Amelia me Mia hi ha ha you wait to this
smile come on he's a cool-looking yeah
it does actually the Cape shop wait a
second that's oh no it's the same way oh
the Train yeah it's pretty nice as one
oh what's this oh that's just a lid off
of this it's not like there's not much
like I think there order wooden thing
over there it's probably better for a
toy box but he's our hero
oh no it's for the car we finally landed
hey little bit these ones so look
they're jars a car jar
no I thought which is better
this is named Bryce five years jeez
Louise
Amelia's future bedroom the painting
hanging down the cupcake quilt there it
is that is our boys room no half boy
half when she shares it back
whywhy did you need to come here hi
everyone look so pretty you are look so
pretty we say we look so pretty
you got a little pink balls
your eyes are cute and you're all white
and fluffy you guys gonna stay there for
a minute so cute
hands up who wants a frappe and hands up
who wants a shake frappe I'll take a
shake you mean what do you want
I love my doggies they're so cute
they're hiding they're hiding hiding
because they're looking I wonder what
I'll be part thing in the world
oh right there I just booked your theory
test examinations for next week
ha ha ha huh it's booked mate it's
booked huh
there's no going back friend this is it
you're gonna do it what I know what if
we don't like it we'll just keep on keep
on keep on keep on you can do it huh
then we can go in the road we're on a
road to nowhere yeah I know what you're
like you're doing so well you're doing
so well it isn't you can do it you can
do it you can do everybody leave
comments of encouragement cool everyone
leave comments of encouragement he needs
dinner test next week exciting what you
want this you want this you want this
you want old guide you got it you earned
this
now what have we got here apple and pear
hmm is good smack bitte
bitch you ready you ready you ready you
ready
what are you somewhere outside homes you
know what your mom's sick oh okay yeah
good girl what's that like a yummy oh
yeah we haven't broken at the airplanes
ones in you see mom or I'll tell you
what if I were you I'd have more open
open good girl she's opening her mouth
footlong
let me just get that bit there for you
his hands this hand is not happening
it's not happening friend
it's not happening friend here we go
here we go good girl yum yum yum yum yum
yum yums
look at this cool water bottle thing I
got an insurer at the box toe so
unfortunate it's like a normal just like
plastic bottle you may have seen these
before and it's got the filter built
into it but it's good for two months so
it holds a leader so I was like oh my
goodness that's so cool to try and drink
more water so I just I don't even need
to you normally instead of like you know
having to use you know the water filter
from the fridge you can just go ahead
and use tap water although it's said the
first time you use it would be all like
weird color for the sediment or
something man let's fill it up blue put
the teeny on it and I might go funny
color
wait what oh yeah probably have to twist
it or something
okay I can't even work a water bottle
are you a crazy baby
hmm oh my goodness giving it out we're
like you're like all right seven o'clock
you're like oh my god I'm hang in cuz we
did some watching over the aryans yeah I
can should have already got my dancers
and then y'all just go for a quick Power
Hour and you wake up with nine o'clock
and you're just like oh my god now what
am I gonna do it's - I need you to stay
asleep for the whole night because
whatever we go about 11 or 12 would be
full of energy so hook up with them
you're like hi my name is Millia I love
you much Chuy know she's so happy
so I let's make some dinner it's make
some dinner when you guys won't leave a
comment below what you like for dinner
and I shall feed you this red chilli I
guess go Randy anyway go around the
other way
go Rance come on come on go around go
around
hey this is the official dog the
entrance one two three hey what do you
think eating is free or something get
inside right this isn't gather all right
where is it this one no and this one no
this one yeah let's do some test guys
texts and tests texts oh all right um no
just fella here boom woo 50 dition look
at Ana I was like she created an account
with a pink car did you create a pink
car again
the duty titi titi titi titi titi titi
titi or suppose you just all look like
this thing is that oh well that's kind
of cool
all right it's looks complicated good
luck to you sir yeah mommy's doing her
tests questions very proud to be off
you're a brave human being or a brave
human being I love you hey buddy hey
buddy hey hey buddy huh Richie little
you got two in this leg and one in this
leg today
I don't cheese out cheese huh what's
that out cheese was it was it out cheese
yeah ha look at you huh he's so cute
right even here when I run the bat all
right well I'll uh put you okay I trust
you to go here okay
don't go anywhere
Oh
so your duty move it off huh we're going
to pan around and fencing and crawling
around in here and we didn't even know
why aren't you hmm
what I have to check the footage
tomorrow and check huh
well I am huh he's so beautiful he's my
favorite my favorite baby girl you're my
favorite girl you know that hmm yeah II
put the cleaner head it's not is it
you know oh I found one that can do you
don't it uh oh
they don't throw far enough it gets your
outline off
let's get some margin get some margin
that mate all right friend
let's see how many things you can pile
up here hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's -
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
