all you're doing now is panicking cause
someone else is here that's okay that's
part of the lesson
driving with a child in the car you're
like I've known in the car I'm having a
laugh with myself you gotta laugh with
yourself it's important to him I am my
best friend I am my best friend I love
nobody in the world as much as I love
myself I know you feel free but it's
like no you can't let yourself I think
about it like you don't like your best
friend will you spend like a lot of time
with your best friend but how much time
do you spend with your inner best friend
like forever they were there when you
were born then we dare when you go
they'll be there all the time in every
decision you can't lie to your best man
that's like the epic thing about it
they're like you even have to have
talked just like right no way you just
said some hilarious no you said don't
tell you guys now it's private joke
who did yeah oh yeah ah we go good girl
good girl
here comes the gagging it's not nice and
it's not nice I hate when she does that
it's so apparently when they guy gets
cuz they are moving the food around
their mouth it's like trying to get it
to the back of their throat and they
don't really understand what they're
doing but it's scary because the first
time I happen I thought she was choking
and I called Jonathan and I was like
panicking and stuff but then um every
time she does that it's like there's a
difference between because you you know
wanting gagging reflexes yeah it's not
nice
just without their new trick I go like
in and out and aim in there and they get
her all excited I mean she opens her
mouth and then I shove it all in so we
try again usually though it works best
if I don't have the camera on I just
wanted to show you guys oh yeah hmm good
girl such a beautiful tee like is there
we're like hey lady
hey lady husbands were put on this earth
to torment wives fact that's what we do
that's what we were born to do when I
was created as a husband my job was to
go for it find a wife and annoying her
everyday don't play your coasters there
don't put this here don't put that over
there it's what we do someday so name me
day you're gonna have a husband and he's
gonna torment you he's gonna turn thank
you so much you're gonna hate him
itself could bust what the hell itself
give myself can they confuse me right oh
so you've confusing up self-composed
combustion yeah what does himself come
Peter what so it's so sure self-destruct
caddis drop no nothing so combusts it
self-destructs anyway Anna came up with
a great name for these right
they look like uggs they're from 10
stories we call them dogs and you guys
have a pair of dogs don't stars uggs my
ass ik okay I can't
so we're gonna go for a drive yeah
recently yeah yeah you have a little
fear bite say I said it's fine it feels
a little flood how they going last
minute thinking either be able thunder
you may know me from the Harlem shake
and a couple of other videos that I've
been on deirdre net to be honest no no
I'm brief and get me a haircut tomorrow
very excited about fashion very excited
about that and heat the FL overhead my
humor dad oh you like your uggs can I
I'd like a paradigm they seem so soft
soft and squidgy so did I oh yeah the
dark brown ones face it have them
somewhere that'd be great when we go
skiing we can wear them outside yeah huh
Dean we go squeegee squeegee down the
slopes cruising on a beautiful sunny day
this isn't my car
Amelia's not feeling this car she's not
feeling the car right now the concierge
is having a little embarrassing you guys
ready oh yeah yeah it's okay have I
confuse j-turn enough no I was just
trying to have to wake Amelie up she's
still asleep
okay gopher gopher jokey go for a walk
accelerate isn't turning off antenna
okay I need to get in my head
hello hi good afternoon mr. Carney
journey so if you'd like to just start
the karmis economy Joey that's perfectly
understandable listen Tony Joey if you'd
like to just start the car whenever
you're ready mystic on your journey and
will commit to test you've just felt it
has mystical easy please vacate the
vehicle no mr. Cornejo
turn the car off Vicky oh my god oh my
god and apply the accelerator it's a
three-stage process do it yeah okay
there was a small bit of a delay but
that's okay
you don't want to drive in first game
for too long okay so just feed her
around the corner and as we committed a
corner fly to clutch and slacker in a
second here we go ready No
here we go three two one dope a second
and let it cook okay
you didn't have to clergy let's push too
fast open you didn't apply the
accelerator at the same time and you're
driving in potholes a lot of things
happen so there was a lot of variations
there but yeah this is it there we go on
the road take the turn watch out for the
potholes alright applied reversing
reversing mechanism well oh yeah you're
right you're right you're right you're
right don't listen to me okay
neutralize it all right up in nice nice
yeah that's perfect don't question
yourself hum brakes on and you are going
to roll because running inclined but do
use the clutch plenty room plenty your
roller back roller derby um well figure
it out yourself
boat mirrors that if plenty room like
okay it's okay it's okay
nicely done watch out for near daffodils
we're near you or you want to be in
second you wanna be in a second here we
go up the second up the second it's too
jerky and first you see you feel the
jerkiness yeah okay if you go to end you
have to reverse so make your mind up
yeah good choice a choice
always avoid reversing that's it that's
the best if you wake the baby you fail
you're letting clueless we were deep
it's all right humoring clueless your
mom put the coffee cup the hot coffee in
front of her and the coffee thing and
he's like if you spill the coffee you
failed the test and she did perfectly
fine until she got back to the center
and then I think she braked and spilled
the coffee everywhere sure right what do
i do what do i do what do i do what
everything's fine just relax just maybe
pull in here let the car pass yeah
probably
no you know it's okay you're just
panicking you're just panicking
okay so put on the handbrake okay put
the car into first gear okay let off the
clutch a little bit and hold on brake
let go to handbrake and there you go no
you can't use the accelerator and the
clutch there you go
oh it's okay it's okay all you're doing
all are you doing now all you're doing
now is panicking cause someone else is
here that's okay that's part of the
lesson ever yet alright turn the turn
ignition off and on well put it into
neutral for you sorry I put the ignition
off and on okay put it in the first game
first gear what is he doing tourism I
can't get out of his way like I don't
know where he's gonna go he's gotta go
himself hey look how few props I know
thanks for coming
abandoned babies at the door hey lordy
REO REO REO are you owe me Leah Oh huh
please Nikolas who's else in here
Nikolas Nichol
Nikolas what does it hit me Nicky did
you kill big black cat run my here a
minute ago so drunk because we try to be
like easier to you know for like all
your makeup your cosmetics your shoes
and all that kind of stuff isn't that
right little one you want a truck I'm
gonna choke why are you so smiley are
you so smiley all the time huh you don't
want me to be a truckie
it's a favor truck driving mom I can't
get your seatbelt off buddy it's okay
it's okay
nope great though what's this for
hopefully you're making portuguÃªs tires
and scratch you're an amazing specimen
of humanity people are gonna write books
about you see if we're gonna make vlogs
that I know huh
I saw the comment someone said you
wanted your cheeks like cheeks looks
amazing memes Thanks hmm what's the
what's the red stuff the sauce thing
piri piri sauce and something else you
know as in I made the paper
oh nice like Nando's yeah this is like
home no knows who do they do you have to
go up and make your order our table
number army uh-oh what a little I'm
rowing table number one I guess looks
amazing oh well done ha look at your
mommy huh so you can make babies and
dinner we're doing buddy you got all
your loving you food there don't get me
get the bait on the lens hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
ah
