Oh
guys guys guys it's not real it's not
real
so begins my April Fool's joke
you see you can't just rush into these
things you need to take your time and
bait everybody into it PA see if you
wake up if you just say something to
fascinate before everyone was like
that's clearly a joke but if you paste
it adds a little something now a couple
hours later be like Oh sing a little
something later
couple hours later I'll drop something
else boom you hit them with the April
Fool's joke draw like no no this is no
joke like but you need the evidence
which I have I'm not gonna like well you
smile and sing yesterday with us and
then you keep a-goin
you don't mean if you just rush into it
and say something crazy at the started a
scale but that is a tiny pot I forgot we
had that I used to be my play one when I
was little and I loved it because it
kind of reminds me of my childhood so I
asked my mom if I could take it like
when I first moved out of homes and it's
really just one a one cup measurement
that's actually what it is but because I
need it so little Apple to make this
recipe for Amelia I used it on the stove
and this is my first time ever using
that I'm still a little like safe I hope
so it just seems so tiny it's like look
let me just give you an idea of scale
that's what it looks like so I'm doing
the three fruit puree but I don't have i
need a teaspoon of orange juice and I
don't have any I don't even have oranges
or anything that I can squeeze so I like
just use like the cooking water instead
but that sucks
anyways we are on to week three I think
great week four yeah week four yes so
we're on to week four of solids and that
means that we're doing breakfast lunch
and tea so I need to get leave as well
for her lunch but that's pretty exciting
so that means that she's on three meals
a day so I'm gonna cook up this in the
quarter
apple and quarter banana and one
teaspoon of orange juice so that's the
three fruit puree and see how she like
that hi MA so that was a success we ate
a bit half I wonder what it would have
been like with the dash of citrus but
we'll have to wait to find out we have
to go shopping anyways and get some
supplies for the week yeah I need a leak
I need a leak to make your lunch anyway
so yeah that went actually pretty well
and we found Peppa
did we find Peppa see we found her face
I don't know if any of you guys used to
do that when you were little but for me
when I was little I had a sheep eat like
a little with a little sheep on it and
if I finished like my mom would say like
to motivate me to finish she would be
like try and find this sheepy you know
cuz the sheep was underneath the food so
the more I ate the more visible he
became and it was like a game to try and
see the Sheep so that's what we did with
Peppa
today but I don't know I think she might
be a little bit too small still but I
think it's kind of cute
next finds a couple hours later I found
your x-rays from from
Francini when seen was pregnant we got
her and x-rays and we could see all the
puppies so I took it Instagram
yeah you have to build it up though it's
important to build these things up like
you know but there's a couple in there
wherever it needs and look nuts like
what everybody read out it's like so
what happened I'm scared it's like it's
a it's a delicate process it's a
delicate break you can't you can't just
like jump out with it you know II mean
it's a it's a price a molding of her
process to make it convinced about have
to convince everybody that it's actually
JIT no no Suzy it's actually legit like
look I'll try this and look should I
just wait till tomorrow being the day
that it is no say I'll try and second
degree I post it's like no idea have
another Twitter I was like no idea how
this happened like a prefers tell us
it's like yeah we I know you're thinking
and anything like gods tolerate before
like what of it
what if it's not a neighborhood you know
seriously you and I she said that in the
blogs ages ago be sure is an April
Fool's joke eat oh goodness
that's the same one year ago how do you
know and then finally look if you don't
believe me you can see for yourself in
tomorrow's video which is this video now
oh my god I can't like everyone's like
those we were like so excited I'm like
oh no we should get them pregnant no no
I would not be fun six dogs is probably
enough I think six dogs teacher what you
guys ready for some bubble tastic time
alright a bunny rabbit let's get some
bubble tastic time when they go here uh
you guys ready
I was very loud Oh get that many look at
his mom like did you see J they prefer
joke
she's too she's got too much quickness
in here mm-hmm
because my sister actually texted me and
she's like oh it just saw him on Twitter
there are on Facebook she's like did you
see an actually right and I was like oh
yeah totally
I was like oh why not they just like
ahhh she's like ahh her husband or
fiance was like no no it's an April
Fool's joke and I think it's not
seriously it's not like you know I was
like kick thankfully this time she's not
having a five puppies she's only having
three puppies you know that's what you
get her sometimes feed little
information make it seem more realistic
and readable but now I'll get to you
from the rear also it is Mike burgers
actually I remember am four years ago my
brother called me on April Fool's Day
and he's like I had a son and I was like
is that a joke no way to believe you but
turns out it's true
Dylan it's four years old today he's my
godson ok ok ok ok
LG pop one one one explore the world now
bear with me what do we got them a house
for outside
I'll be so cool except they might net
they might never come my kin though they
might say it there forever
yeah what are the toy box it's a
playtime toy box can you get that for
your child
no no it's different right okay mine are
luminous one toy box here's a book for
you alright we totally need oh my god I
should actually put a picture of you
reading that
okay this seriously I'm gonna add to my
my April Fool ring seriously let's get a
quick peek stupid face like classic in
the game okay so you got two what if you
got oh we've got three T oh and that's
for someone else and then I feel like
this should be new you don't have that
it was all these okay that's three one
more you could just like ask all the
dogs on Twitter what they want just the
sparkliest the most sparkly one that's
for being its dis Bianca's here we can't
really only get the puppies powers and
not
ibn Sina I know you know pop copies on
them our collars on the before what
about this one your brow be 40 home a
big one I don't even know if that's a
thing there's no commute by twins
birthday party
I suppose I suppose but mortar
parents-in-law is plenty more common
than twins you're pretty
there you go my world my world how are
you I'm well how are you yeah yeah let's
feel it's just in preparation
passing your test the cool
you like
they cool like it's for tea parties and
I outdoors that's like who are they
kidding it's like oh I sweets it Anna
half there
look at this
we doesn't have to go outside look it's
so small you could put that in this ahir
have you so much fun with me where's
Amelia me Mia famiglia
there you are your hide minded yeah this
is a ginormous isn't a ginormous let's
put it in here
now
Oh swapsies
Musab sees
Hoopa Peppa Pig in the fridge see this
 pigs in the fridge you saying
something he's saying something which is
saying what you see you want say mr.
baby is that what you're saying do you
want anyone oh very many lose a lot then
Jonathan apparently your starting weight
affects next week yeah excited I'm my
dad are sticking with the old Flavin's
oats which you like I like it you're
sticking with this yeah exhale fix it
seems like there's something wrong with
my stroller I can't put my finger on it
Amelia won this round
mmm I'm happy now and yeah we can
turn forever except you're such a big
heifer mm-hmm oh my goodness
back to your home
did you win today women know what
how did it appear this is a very
peculiar situation I have absolutely no
idea but whatever here you might as well
get a couple of rapid chapels yummy my
favorite thing right now a McDonald's
banana and strawberry shake and he needs
this one but we got some stuff for our
bestest friends that's you guys line up
get chicken nuggets out so what we do
here is a very careful process of
debarring the chicken nuggets but go and
throw into the animals okay hold on guys
and then we're gonna watch the game of -
are you sending on your Gia's she does
that in the doorway the nuggets came
circle on a food yeah they wore ones
chicken some kind of a chicken I can't I
don't know who's a real chicken
everybody you wanna watch the show Oh
good dogs hmm yeah Jake get another
product good party in my pants hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
