he's just an orator
eep-eep eep-eep
oh around you go dead land yeah who
is that
hmm oh yeah be first Easter happy first
Easter who came the way a puddi snuck
into our house last night he could bunny
come let me check the minimum
oh yeah me yeah look is a Peppa Pig okay
this is hello more for Dad Oh will you
just open it for her huh
she would be meeting opening huh hmm
gives mm is that for you and look push
Peppa Peppa Pig if you finish your
dinner you couldn't see peppa and George
that's how you know your nation's inner
oops order are these like they drop oh
yeah oh the dogs like it better
Oh
Wow
she saw that but yet oh she can do that
now she sees Lee she's getting all
excited to it oh it's probably the best
Easter thing we got Oh get your new
visas rupees is like look at the
Buffaloes Media
parked on Cena's nose oh oh this is so
entertaining on a horrible day we wanted
to hide eggs outside but we can't make
it oh you're so cute the minute I do get
the cameras you just smiled let's look
at this craziness going on here oh god I
try to feed her her breakfast and she's
just like well no she's doing a really
good job actually that's half a banana
and it's already I would say half gone
so you should probably eat in like a
quarter which is really good and now I'm
she's opening her mouth when the spoon
comes she's so good but then she gets
into this little hyper mood yeah do you
like your banana
you feel you think you like doing that
more though
hi Oh guys I'm so excited about her
Easter outfit you have no idea
I get like ridiculously excited about
this kind of stuff look okay so this is
her best what I like about it is that
here in Ireland like if you want to
dress your kids for Easter like all the
stuff in the shops is like spring and
everything but the reality is it's
freezing like I'm actually shivering
because I don't think the heating's on
upstairs maybe not I think it's just on
downstairs I'm during the day but
anyways so that's the problem is that
like nothing is warm enough
this actually is she got like it's like
really warm soft cotton and then this is
like a kind of a knot fell that like a
fleece yeah
like a fleece and we put some little
shushie's on I'm not sure how she feels
about shoes what do you think
do you like the shoe she's she likes
touching them they're her kind of fancy
ones cuz they're a real leather and
they're from maybe called shoe shoes
yeah shoe shoes natural leather I think
they look cute and they're very soft as
well uncomfortable so I know you can't
walk yet but I just think it adds
something because I feel like before it
should ever it needed any shoes but now
when we take her out and stuff I'm just
like I feel like her feet are cold
without something else other than socks
I am hugging the radiator this is how
close I am to what the hell is that
is that close I am this is a cold I am
I'm talking right here bring forth my
child bring forth my child he look
so pretty in your dress huh you look so
pretty you're gonna get chocolate all
over this is oh my goodness
I am jealous of these they're real
leather they are whether I'm just
feeling that it's cool where do we get
them yeah nice
oh the friendly pack oh thanks hey style
all right busting hmm oh you're so cute
so we're making some carrot and pea
puree I have her locked up against this
wall cause she keeps doing her crazy
thing mm-hmm like that yeah we still
need to get those slider or glider
that's called for the back of them
Stoppers why my sing-sing slider I'm
like ridiculous anyways we need to get
those stopper things that you put at the
back I don't know why I want to call
them sliders
this isn't sliders like a mini burger or
something in Eddie Rockets like it is
anyways so we're making this and guess
what guys this is the last meal of this
week three so we've done three weeks
actually it's a little bit more than
that because a couple of days I like
basically just use like reused things
from the day before because it always
makes tons so I have even like frozen
stuff still but anyways so we're a
little bit over three weeks um because
we didn't stick to it like completely
but this marks the last meal this is
lunch but it's not really it's afternoon
so it's kind of like a communication
type thing yeah because I always start
cooking like after I eat lunch and then
it takes so long that it's never lunch
for her it's usually like an afternoon
meal but anyways it's probably better
that it's in between lunch and dinner
because then it gets her used to like
eating
as well so what I'm trying to say is
this is the last meal that is going to
be the two meals a day schedule because
she was only on two meals a day and next
week it's three what three meals you're
like a real person now what is going on
you're like a real human being a real
person who eats three meals a day
like how many meals to eat okay I eat
three yeah so what we're doing is if you
guys want to see this is what we're on
right now and this is the last day so
she actually have banana this morning
see we're not sticking to it like a
hundred percent I just kind of go with
like what I have so this is week four
and week five and do we have a six no
because I think then we're on to
second-stage weaning which is after
seven months that does not sound good I
can tip over those have locked it in um
then she's got for lunch
Niq sweet potato and pea puree and then
for tea or well because she's English I
think this girl so we call that dinner
um she has carrot and cauliflower with
water or juice um so that is really cool
that means she's like growing up it's so
exciting
oh I love it I love cooking for her um
it just takes a little bit more planning
than I kind of thought like sometimes I
start cooking and then she gets really
hungry because I'm like in the middle
like I can't scroll fast enough because
I'm still new to this but it's so worth
it I just need to figure out I need to
buy more like things that I can store
like free store stuff in because I make
so much the quantities are so huge and
she doesn't always like she doesn't eat
everything ever
oh he's to spread escorts and pani smart
mini-malls Weezer Meg's that was that
one's missing an ear this I know one of
these I think I'm not quite sure we got
and half a homicide
she liked the egg go just play with the
egg hey okay our to gosh oh is that the
Easter Bunny whoa hi excited look who I
brought the giant bubbles oh yeah we
bought it Ryan bubble thing and it died
it entertained all our twenty got it
the Easter Bunny brought it sorry these
Amelia begs these on one of the nasty
ones who painted all the eggs actually
thought that was that what's that thing
eggplant
there's a little break eggplant and
these are little like Kiwis zucchinis
what are you gonna do with all these in
a deep are they hard balls yeah cool
kind of hurts you guys I don't want a
helmet result hey spike you how much you
okay there Oh Oh or is this energy from
I'm usually quite tired at this time
little bit Oh God make it your head off
my knees yeah have fun so come to the
stop oh oh here we go here we go we're
gonna get it okay let's go where you
watching
she gonna read a lot more cried I think
she's just tired that's all yeah she
loves it you he's just a very sleepy day
we're gonna do a guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
