these jeans I chose your style George is
that sexy pink doggy starts yeah big
doggy sucks
and something's wrong here
totally ran out of milk and coffee and
filters and frozen peas I was like I'm
just quickly I got we ran out of coffee
and milk and everything and I was like
I'll just nip up against like oh no
let's give me back the frozen peas it's
like how random is that packet of frozen
peas when you won't roll the fever
finally they're part of that lunch today
please today it's peas peas this is
where like end in a world situation I
think maybe because tomorrow's Easter
Sunday maybe everything's closed or
something but like there's no parking
spaces available in Milan point guys go
like my on point eyes closed absolutely
a massive car park I'm just I'm just
gonna have to dump it here it considers
just no spots available I'm fairly bad
doing this but it's just there's nowhere
else to park and I can't just like not
park and keep driving around for the
next like few hours hi Ali
he stated to them home thanks for thanks
for stealing my sock hello Emilio hello
hello Mimi oh are you doing buddy oh you
smell ready disinfected yeah yeah yeah
yeah so we got special coffee delivery
today huh whoa applejack ball inside
that flipped you to drive to him we're
back what you gonna do dad huh yeah I
mean II always like says your dad like
hey door
did you buy oh you're too young for the
no steal enjoyment yeah your do young
for the no stealing game mm-hmm yeah
who's that you know what upstairs in our
bedroom oh really
I see her when I'm at the Germans oh
yeah yeah yeah no he's sitting there why
not
oh my god so last night we were just
sitting here weren't we on the couch is
watching TV and um I got a text from one
of my friends who also happens to be our
neighbor and she was like the Easter
Bunny came I was like what and I ran out
she's like look at it's like your door
that Easter Bunny I think they easier
when you came and so I looked out and
she had left because you remember guys I
was like upset because I couldn't find
my trick I couldn't find my Easter
decorations
she actually came by check she picked me
up some Easter decorations which is so
nice friend I was so happy I was like oh
my god I did not expect that at all so I
don't know if the guys noticed but we
have Easter decorations we've got look
at this Oh cutie pie decals on all of
our windows we've got these little
bunnies so cute and a media actually
likes them I was showing them to her
last night and the dog started barking
because they thought there was something
out the door because they're on our
front door as well but look it says
Happy Easter
well this is a greenery old spot look at
the view out there sometimes the camera
does not do it justice guys the view is
auto it's a spare
online I might come back Michael Mikey
just wait a second and I don't watch
those cars oh oh oh
now lost ooh I love these trees
I like that
and savage isn't that that's trying to
get some zoom image for you guys do what
sometimes makes even worse though he is
daddy up here yeah we got these Lin
bunny ears for Anna's mom and Erica
because they'll find out tomorrow anyway
oh yeah I was like um yeah I know
and then ever comes home hey surprise
yeah hey we've no Easter Egg for you it
was so funny because the first thing I
thought of when I saw her wasn't like oh
yeah my hum was like
I'm 20 years for her so I went into
Tesco this morning of course Tesco I've
taken all the Easter stuff away and
they're putting up their summer spring
like camping gear they're very quick to
remove products out of season
I'm not gonna get the thing ash I'm not
gonna get the thing I need to report
another well-behaved but he to see why I
couldn't hear him because his little
makeup did you find a stream trick the
dream tree a pink tree dream 3 the dream
treehouse mm-hmm
who is disc O'Connor in their
engineering crap huh and grab my finger
yeah
so we found a bunny ears it's just no
legs chocolate okay she can have like a
different one
boom problem solved where did it go was
it just to you sitting there there you
go
we did it Amelia well done that's a good
luck
fruit juice fruit we need to buy an
off-road buggy to turn onto 4matic four
wheel drive version hey this is cool oh
my god is a cat is that a real cat oh my
god cat looks so real doesn't it feel
like you're in the middle of the
Moroccan like beaches or some okay my
bad new child is crying shows your style
Joe she's sexy pink doggy starts yeah
big doggy sucks and something's wrong
here no I think maybe it's open D etre
everyone this is like the Christmas shop
but it's not Christmas I can't get
pretty you walk on over the places and
we expect me to follow you
did Jane you guys are forget about when
you're like the one left in the stroller
and the other parents just like walks
through like mazes and expects you to
follow it's impossible it's impossible
to follow me I go next to go across
drove through Patterson grab a large man
and come back chestnuts roasting on an
open like an open fire mucho en huh wait
we in ok it's a bit too hot now eggs
eggs
theaters have unique at the paint don't
forget to paint for the eggs oh my god
we should get immediately I have to
paint them like with her hands
Oh Easter Bunny did you find a little
tree thing behind you stuff up quite
cool enough mommy isn't my problem okay
I'm like ombre it's grandma
right that sounds more your size though
ya wanna the others never know what
listen there's a midsize oh yeah me like
oh oh you like her that like you okay
here you can just tell her now you're
gonna be so bad at saying no right
hmm
Casino
yeah
we need to get this for the garden look
lambs you imagine just go home right
don't tell them just put it out in the
garden and then don't tell them and then
they all come here looking at the window
you're like oh but a little lamb will be
so cute oh no where's your vein
Oh would you like it alone who can guess
what this is before um before I tell you
just leave a comment right now if you
can guess what this device is right I'll
give you another minute look around
mm-hmm look at this be leave it common
press enter is to comment down below
no cheating okay I want to I've looked
around for these for ages and I finally
found it okay let me just turn it on
here Oh
basically when cutting your hair short
if you're a guy and you want to have
short hair I always find a problem is
leaving it uneven
this magical device like you see
actually did this bit my working it you
see how it works it's like you can just
like my work is like this but can I see
your mirror you see like oh you turn on
and you just basically massage your head
I hope essentially it'll cut your hair -
wherever length you want you got cheese
controller here you get a couple of
different blade up it's by baby listen
so it's called a babe Ulis for men great
setting okay I don't know the actual
name was this thing it's daddy bad time
where she washes she scrawled herself on
her face again
Oh every time um puppies have a hat of
yours where is it boy decoration Nano
they're abelian or Athena
crazy I know what you're waiting for
yes this area wouldn't open this game
okay don't have this with you Isis come
on let's go upstairs no Jamelia my face
her name is Jimmy did you know she's n
device Suzanne the face this is present
present present
how are you ready boy I tell you help
I'd give you a nice fast mm-hmm a few
turns no need for the water I use me
told and we spit okay okay oh don't be
taking the camera now so it's okay just
open this it for me now many women I
would be able to give the baby okay
he's a jelly baby with a tail be Jerry
Jerry nothing every baby this is heavy
baby hey Nikki baby oh I need baby
yes you think you look at you
girl you stay there
oh yeah hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
