go ahead a bit grandma don't run over
this pothole don't okay all right hook
in the corners we're hugging the coal my
god
excuse me the Titanic what oh yeah
didn't that lunchroom man Cove or
anything at lunch the girl he it came
down to code who was there was a time
when it was in called did you see it do
you remember what this iconic what was
in cold no weren't even born
was your mom even born what here to
satanical Darden what year was the
Titanic yeah 18 God Oh
holy crap and you guys on the Titanic
leave no comment
so it's Friday Friday feast day so guys
I was actually walking past the bathroom
this morning I started scarce and I was
like oh my god I should totally check
now I've been obviously doing a lot of
weights as well like so I knew I was
like all my weights probably all like
weird and it's probably gonna be more
than it originally was because I've seen
so much weights right so I hop onto it I
have lost 25 pounds what 25 Pedram we're
like like turn eat I was like on oh my
god no way I'd Witter away and die oh
okay well maybe they were onto something
because I've lost 25 and I can see like
anyway as a reward we came here ah to
put back on 20 but I'd like 25 pounds of
your time finest beads chicken legend I
picked a half the calories though that
is kind of cool but any spicy sounds at
five five five cool Mayo 19 ongoing
spicy why you know you want oh no no I
want to see the recipe don't worry
shake things so close well hope they
know hey dad that looks like Ricky over
closer
all right here
the central Gulf hello they'll know I
think I might get the frappe again
everyone knows the McDonald's menu look
we're actually coming up on it we back
off no it's too late it's happening boom
just off the fossil pocket do you want
to stay with auntie Erica do you huh
we're gonna go for a driving lesson I'm
gonna leave you in the capable hands of
your auntie yeah you know chair are you
thinking a baby and his mom would be
here but she's not here so ass it falls
to next next in line next in charge
hmm you have to let us know
uuugh blogger will you here you know
don't listen you don't meet you go buddy
who's your favorite babysitter oh this
is my favorite auntie is it your
matching today violence violence where'd
you get there Top Shot chop chop chop
chop
now are you gonna be on your best
behavior
Amelia Amelia do your biggest poo
explosion you've ever done hmm okay and
you wonder those fountain whittles you
know when you opened a nappy and you
start peeing everywhere never happens
never happens does it ever happen Shh
yeah it's probably easier to learn to
drive without an infant in the back in
the car you know yeah it's probably a
bit easier but we're going to go to a
non Healy place reverse Hill starts on
day one was probably an oversight on my
behalf I think a strange man would be
nicer today loving this crash course I
had to change a nappy you probably
probably won't need to huh are you I'm
Terry Keller's a change of clothes
good you're a key you gonna be good you
gonna be good girl yeah
oh she likes to read The Irish Times
it's a favor
it's part of rite of passage Gwyn and
paper - petrol go in and pay for the
magic you run out my petrol because you
drove it home like a maniac that was you
going up in there in the Hills right
natural I know wasn't getting it I will
put morning what you wanna do you wanna
pay for the petrol put the petrol in the
car wasn't the deal ha ha ha let's go
let's go welcome watch out for the giant
tractor
so we're back again my friend we have
returned oh that is cute okay where's
the lipstick where'd you put it kind of
fell in the floor somewhere you always
ruin everything
ruin everything all right so let's try
yeah where's the heating that's the
hazard lights you've turned the car on
first start the car check what's in
neutral confirm the handbrake pull okay
yeah that's fine
tie her up whoo nice job all right now
eating no Hill no Hill big empty car
park here
no Hill today Lance we're in a church so
if it all goes wrong well we haven't got
far to go
being that it's Good Friday and all
being good driver it's important to be a
good driver good Friday
oh yes we're me Lee Ellis - no this is
cheerful what you doing why is she here
right oh wait uh I think she might be
going to the only car in the car park
good
she beeps I'm not starting until she
know what are you doing it is turning it
off until she leave Yeah right like what
our trainings we're just making a couple
of teenagers back in the church carpark
making out huh you wanna draw a test the
backseat Garrett remember from back in
the day and you guys remember back when
a nose ran puns are like ten years ago
we drove this is the circuit -
two years ago okay okay ten to two
clutch in first gear check your makeup
check your hair it's all fun and games
now I can see you're like having a joke
there'll be tears in a moment when the
car starts moving now because because
we've got so much space here we're gonna
need to go into second gear
okay so accelerate you're at the moment
you're riding the clutch accelerate
accelerate there you go there you go no
come on be confident there's no one
right clump bit more if there we go
there we go huh
yeah it's like easier here isn't it yeah
your final on my son kind
okay nothing nothing no don't check your
back his back it's a quick motion
pushing the clutch pull it down let out
the clutch I don't like if you don't hit
the clutch quicker I was gonna cut it
you gonna have to touch quick it off and
we got to drive know we're driving we're
driving all right now start to turn no
no no turn turn Tramp
wait no that's you pause I'd forgotten
to do what gonna crush the cars gonna
roll forward how do you come by that
correct okay pushing the clutch book the
car into neutral okay now check you much
it's not too fast
go on go on turn turn turn you're doing
it you're doing it you're doing it
you're doing it yeah 2nd gear around the
corner
huh I Pro fish good no we won't do turn
today why are you driving over all the
potholes Hey you're perfect
goAnimate grandma don't run over this
bottle no okay all right hook in the
corners we're hugging Nicole my god okay
you're flying free deep on Jonathan
this is speeding no what are we doing
here we're doing 11 miles an hour
kilometers oh I see what all right good
you do really well oh I'm very impressed
there compared to yesterday Nene's this
is incredible
okay we're gonna shift it off I want you
to go ahead here when she's great here
and I ran the opposite way okay this is
brilliant
okay we're gonna go up here crying to
get the bow so yes corner it nice nice
nice - we're okay we're okay we're okay
good this is yeah amazing my car
you wanna scratch the car okay and true
here true here and then swing your left
Oh nicely done nicely done seriously you
are doing so good
here on in second gear straightaway in
second gear touch it oh nice let's
clutch that the clutch you're hot you
held a clutch you bits along there you
held the clutch of it too long but that
was good that was good
you see what you just want to get into
second gear straightaway there's no
point being in first gear why because
it's just to start the car off that's it
you don't drive it's not a driving gear
okay you know we think alike first and
reverse are not driving gears
okay second third fourth and fifth are
driving gears all right here's the
challenge we're gonna go into first gear
okay and into second gear and then we're
gonna come up to a stop okay which means
you don't have to go back in the first
gear but when you're in second gear
apply the brake and then the clutch and
then put it into neutral and then we're
gonna put it into first gear
go around the corner put it into second
gear and keep on going okay
you know we're done so that's the
traffic light up there okay so lights
going green let's go oh babe hey you
with the handbrake on you with the
handbrake on Oh God where's not turn no
is me saying you with the handbrake on
let's try to you and there you go
no now we're rolling because the cars
certain okay turn the car my gun
feel the bite alright here we go
and 5 4 3 2 1 second year you've got not
enough power
not enough power it's gonna be comfy
you're all right they're all right okay
I know this lights going orange you're
gonna you're gonna raise your lighter
you're gonna stop all right and fly the
clutch and the brake oh geez okay other
than aggressive stuff okay back into
neutral and brake on and relax for a
moment check your tweets watch a YouTube
video
oh the lights gone green lights gone
green Thanks well okay well let's do it
this time
here first all right let that off let
off the clutch play accelerator like
sorry
Oh Fifi taking our turn and we're going
into fern second gear in three two one
coach pull second gear up light go in a
bit of a delay but you got it you got it
we're going well done well done but what
are the odds he's the one he just ran in
front of us that was so much fun
all right one i'ma missing him gone
before before before starting is there
oh he's going in for he's going in for
the half six mess
don't pop anything oh it was so funny
jumped out again believe that watch out
for the bunny now you know see if our
baby still alive thank you he's our baby
still alive she only left me my cheese
watching but yeah if I'm standing up for
Hector boy she knows I sit down I know I
know
huh hi hi it's just a bed come on my way
oh nice
oh well done no Erica I think she was
falling asleep I was standing yeah
don't cry where you just woke up again
ah thanks a lot Erica yeah she was
crying like 10 months ago for about 10
minutes and we touch her nappy and stuff
Bush enjoyed it oh cool Anna did really
well third gear huh hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
