using her legs yes she's laughing
hello I'd like to speak to the
weatherman please now this is do I
divine I have a complaint about the
state of the weather and that's great em
bees held and we're glad to connect you
call that's absolutely ridiculous that I
have two men on hell's I'm a paying
customer don't you know your call is
important to us please hold the line
that is how I would imagine that
conversation leading me calling customer
service for the weather oh goodness I
like when it's sunny I don't know
everything is just so much easier in the
Sun but then you know what you know what
everyone say this advisor is that oh I
always prepare able to when I'm like in
Ireland if you complain about the
weather it is just a way of
communicating it is how we talk it is it
is like a cultural thing it's not us but
watching the weather I love the weather
when it's brilliant
Ireland's weather is so I like aren't
worried because it's never too hot it's
never too cold it's just like you know
the whole country is covered in greenery
because it's a it's a really good sort
of balance of rain and stuff like that
so what I feel complaining about the
weather that's just our way of saying hi
you know it's like I had gone it's like
what I'm going to change him right
guarant guarantee right I'm gonna go
into a deeper cover the guys now you
know it we were like hey man what's up
man yo like like you know jopen like
body Papa teacher what's up man nice
nice muscles man but apart from all that
okay okay oh my god what's up but
yesterday when we look into the car
first thing I said to the guy it was
like it's snowing coz it was snowing it
was like I know isn't it crazy we had a
conversation about the weather it's like
an ice breaker you know it's just like
because weather is like everybody
experiences whether there's no just like
you just know no one doesn't experience
better nobody it's not like you can talk
about something that's like Oh see the
game last night I'd be like what kind of
like bowling
what game look like some game play on
YouTube like what minecraft you know
like no man like Manchester United or
Liverpool they'd only ones I know
you know I'm like it doesn't it's my
converse it's dead not everybody is
connected with weather is something we
all experience it we're all aware of it
therefore we can all talk about it and
small talk about it and that's why
sometimes when I talk about the weather
it's just because in our niche it's just
a cultural thing you know we all just
talk about the weather that's it you get
into taxi you know calculate a winner
you go to a shop you know and that
little tiny bit of small talk
turn away thrown there so Amenia is
having her hair her cream of fruit yes
or cream of pear screaming um which we
made yesterday and I froze it and it
worked it really well I still think I
should buy those ice cube trays though
um I think I made a mistake in buying
like the bigger cart thing because she's
just not at that stage yet so she will
never finish one of those curtains
whereas one block of like the ice cube
trays probably enough for her maybe two
blocker what do you do you finished all
your breakfast this girl ever yeah good
girl you want to show your outfit in
media and media hi okay she's more
interested in the whites she's got a
cute outfit on though so yeah you want
to show it it says my mummy is lovely I
think or at least I think it's what's it
something like that so we had Albie up
here with us
which isn't really allowed but he was on
his own because the rest of the dogs
were playing and I felt kind of sorry
for him cuz he's just not the kind of
dog that wants to play with well he does
sometimes but he gets overwhelmed when
there's too many puppies
sighs the wipes away from her I'm sorry
hey I'm bad
usually this feed is the one that brings
her into her nap like she usually feeds
to sleep and then gonna have her nap if
she does taken us which should be like
two hour-long nap but it's usually like
not that long cuz she wanna not anymore
yeah you're tired now
um no no mm what's wrong already pick
guys it's a hard choice this one or this
one or this one or we just Park cited as
cause all of them I ordered something
for you the other one I surprised I just
asked you I was like I'm gonna publish
it like your kids biz about like now
and agreement
they'll have to wait and see find it you
first met nose dude
bridgie of it watch again
than what this is part out but we went
to the menu and stuff which is like oh
and I was like oh my god you can run on
its own like a girl that's like a good
deal
you like that Amelia yeah you like your
bread located like you know the
different brand stuff yeah you put it in
the ground
oh no no yeah you want to sit with maybe
you take her for a second
I'm on your site look at you oh man kima
Castle your very own
trip-trap type of thing this is crap you
go
yom-yom like that yeah nice oh I suppose
that wasn't successful Millia accept
them sweat a lot of bread underneath you
there huh that is quite a lot of red you
like it though yeah yummy
Oh
we got it she knows there's a mirror in
there
whoa
you open it up
you ready you ready you using her legs
yes
she's laughing excited cuz she's
standing
and it's going to modify her first car
I'm thinking right one of those exhaust
box i/o 22 inch low-profile wheels
you'll need that Momo steering okay
cupcake ones let's go look at the sense
for like um oh jeez oh my God look at
these ones it's got a bit of metal and
everything on it you do not need
eyelashes on your car hmm pink hope caps
Oh God this is going to be too much
Oh kids catch oh good Oh kids catch hi
Nikki Nikki Nikolas you Nicholas you
come here this instant you do not like
me you will not ignore me do everything
is everyone in here is everyone just
hanging about is everybody needs a shot
oh I'm just waiting some books here in
the sunshine just having a good old time
surveying my landscape such lovely time
I'm having to be honest now now I'm
actually thinking of maybe was that no
sorry I thought that was a bird if
flapping humans wrapping very much it is
my favorite hair mm um you mean what you
say who did it
oh you're so pretty hmm I get you you're
like a little tiger isn't she you like
it a little tiger who's a tigress huh
you're so cute
oh it's all I got oh look at her well I
thank you uh-huh character work the way
let me talk you let me make you talk
make you talk
Oreo hi it's me I'm your best friend
Oreo don't you walk away when I'm
talking to you ah you want synonyms come
on hmm we may be too late but we're here
for the Sham shakes give me all the Sham
chicks oh what's over there look Oh what
are those things do you still have the
sham shake we don't have only one
alright okay can I get the ice frappe
the caramel frappe yeah they're medium
one yeah I'm gonna get the medium
strawberry banana one no sham shakes
it's a it's a it's a sham it's a sham
situation look at these things guys oh
my goodness oh just take my one okay
were you guys ever had this thing before
smoothie yum-yum I'm kind of jealous of
yours though this looks amazing
oh boy scary more nut
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh borderland do you
give her a DS No put in the oven yeah
she's gonna eat that whole bloody think
want you and me buddy hey let's do it
let's do em let's do damn mom he's the
dad daughter tag so hi what's your
favorite thing about your father don't
don't be shy don't be shy
what do we need what are you trying to
do there pretty good now now Emilio
you're such a hugger you're a camera
hugger ah
ah my camera hugger what you doing now
what what is this you're just gonna
leave that there
don't you drop that don't you drop that
Oh huh huh cute give me that you little
nincompoop you little thinking boom you
thinking who are you nincompoop read
your book read your sorries do your
homework do your homework so just a
quick update guys about the car um you
know it sometimes they have to get stuff
ready and all that in them it was like
delivering it today was doing a promise
I could have went and collected it and
then I was like oh it's gonna be messy
and Anna's mom being away but Anna's mom
is home tonight
so what I'll probably do is that I'll
head down with Anna's mom tomorrow
because and I can't drive the car home
which is hilarious normally she was just
like drive the car home but she cannot
do that so uh Harambee home tonight but
it's bit too late so we're picking up
tomorrow cuz I know you're a lot of you
watching yesterday's vlog like oh my god
to get see today but unfortunately we
got see tomorrow and it wouldn't see it
all customized out when we goes what's
Nene's gonna be doing mm-hmm a big
spoiler on the back of something a
cupcake a giant cupcake on the back
instead of a spoiler
oh and some raw chicken whoo it's too
mushy but then it can't be solid because
I don't want her to choke me hard to get
it right just grab some inmate program
it in your make meat meat when I just
puree meat a little bit in your milk
meetings Oh little bit in your mix it
some rabbit in amazement Rama te aro e
did he meet me hey chick chick Tony and
Chico lien let's get the pasture you
don't want to be draconian with the
Chacon Ian never be draconian when
dealing with Chacon ian ever that's nice
I love the smell if you're a vegetarian
or vegan you probably do not agree with
me but if you're a carnivore like me hi
carnivores unite the smell of fresh
cooked chicken I love it it's just like
I know what it is it's just really
really nice maybe you'll break if you
don't all right we're going to trick her
all right we just caught this is called
the sandwich when you use the sandwich
situation huh oh you need that you need
that you want the sandwich situation
yeah
boom huh look at that look at that huh
sandwich situation TM trophy jokes huh
Sandin situation let's go marry her
first book bestowed a worldwide the
sandwich situation not sandwich sandwich
sandwich situation you like it you like
yeah he's a good girl hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Joey and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah haha
