what you have to do this whatever this
is how I feel
what's going on I saw you I saw you you
little fecker huh
hey buddy look we actually changed our
approach to quick goods what you guys
are fine tomorrow
tomorrow night Wednesday this is the one
I like whether it's got cinnamon apples
but apparently right the difference
between this one in the Apple one is
that if you read the ingredients well
first off you get more yes we read the
ingredients use less crap and more just
like I'll put is quite a good brand but
if you read the side of it just loads of
like stuff which is mean necessary
where's the flap on one tends to have
less stuff in it plus Robyn's Irish made
in Ireland
Fleming's are they from quark are you
from Limerick Flavel viens waterford oh
yeah you just gonna eat it though you're
gonna don't eat them don't eat them
manias oh goodness
hi guys is following oh wow what steady
camera work you have there young lady
hey come on dude you two hands okay
there you go can you go what do you
think I know interrupt everybody careful
I'll be dropping people which oh did you
just do my part
did you just do another one did you huh
mm-hmm
come on oh yeah we cool Amelia I agrees
I mean I think it'll be amazing
hey hey hey what are you doing I'm not
sure my he'll be like your little your
little prison you'll play prison that's
what I should call he's a play prison
play play prison let's play prison yeah
who you got in there who's your mate I'm
gonna doll used to take pictures that
dog before you were born
hey with you now look at it huh
hey you're bringing in it he's got a
Fendi that was the day we did your
gender test me found out you're a girl
but we're not we're not convinced but we
still think you're a girl that's what
she told me oh so I made something
different for me this morning for
breakfast this is color cream of threw
up
so that's him to work a lot better
didn't it yeah did you make that one
because I had mommy's milk Ethan 20
problem was I expressed by myself so it
took four and I got one tablespoon and
not with it so um yeah I don't know
should I buy an electric pump though let
me know what you think if you are a
woman known as pumped I don't know let
me know what you think okay one of you
guys must be a meteorologist what is
going on I wake up this morning it's
snowing it's snowing
it is now sunny it's sunny and then it's
snowing okay we moved to Toronto we we
go to surrender don't you always you
know you go on holidays you're like and
you you plot anything how can we do it
how come we're going to do and then you
go home and then you're like oh it's
suppose I live here then cuz I'm home
you know an interview you go there
you're like oh my god we should totally
move and live here I'm telling you watch
the vlogs where some point like we
should totally live here you know but it
doesn't spoil it if you go and live in
one of those places do you Dan like miss
the crop weather I don't know
you know you down there watch me
something right there must be something
about it like I don't know I don't know
and you guys ever done that have you
guys ever done that actually you live in
the place you went to holidays I really
so I was thinking about doing this on my
channel and I know you guys are probably
gonna be like oh you said that's not
last time and then you didn't stick to
it but no I would like to think you were
doing it on my channel which would be
different yeah I was gonna do driving
bugs Oh like on the starlit not on the
fluke because obviously on the fluke TV
like you're going wait wait there's no
day a week that begins with D mommy
Monday what ain't Wednesday fashion
Fry's driving Thursday we didn't specify
you had to be English we're doing is in
German but does that I have a DJ what Oh
Oh Donna suck Dom on our side yeah yeah
that is so like weird de Lune anyways so
yeah like I would just want to gauge
though like if anybody's actually
interest in this cuz like I know what
are you is right um but would you guys
be interested like and obviously in the
beginning it's gonna be a little bit
boring because it's not gonna be actual
driving every episode will be a
different dog in the car yeah every
episode can we ya know cuz in the
beginning I'm probably gonna do like
okay so and I'm gonna check in with you
guys be like like this week I did
okay so last week I did not study for my
theory does at all but like say if I if
I start them I knock I'm realistically
I'm not gonna be like this week I did
nothing and then the next week I'll be
like does he get it nothing either like
I'm actually gonna do you know you have
to but that's the whole point is that
much like the pregnancy vlogs it's like
a progression thing hopefully this will
progress with me to where I'm actually
like driving you know and I just think
would not be cool to see like from the
beginning
where you can't actually drive at all
you haven't even taken your theory test
to like and you have to drive in your
every week yeah you know me do you start
it though after you pass this Harry time
no you have to go like okay so guys and
if you are learning to drive you could
do it with me I'm gonna be like okay
guys I'm gonna commit to studying I know
I said that's the last time and I didn't
do it but I feel like if you actually
make a whole video about it you're more
likely to like commit to it so I'll say
okay guys just for an example I'm gonna
do three tests every day for a week and
then I'll check in with you guys next
week and we'll see where that goes
or I could just book my test on a
certain day yeah you know yeah that's
really cool I think the I think I've
owned it what do you think I vote yes
and then hopefully I can take you guys
on maybe not driving lessons but like
practice driving and stuff like that I
don't know I just think it would be a
really cool idea to see the progression
and to like take you on a journey with
me literally little Beto Liam's I think
they're cool I've never actually liked
seeing one or being a closed room before
yeah that'd get ya I feel like this
could be the car that's gonna make you
drive we're gonna be Tomomi
yeah I like to look at this speedometer
and stuff on it like that's dick just
there's actually a good bit of space in
the back huh no no wait is it is it I
don't know you have to find out the hard
way no sorry three five oh my goodness
it's actually snowing Nene bought her
first car whoa excited now huh there's
no going back
yeah you're gonna like it I've never
actually been near Vigo before I knew
they were kind of cute looking at some
by that they're not on my date better
but it's better
it's a good first time car you know I
know I already excited now I'm going to
get pink it covers you told me that it
comes in like alloy wheels and
everything I gets jacked at like oh my
goodness it's got a blizzard we got a
blizzard do you know that my lens is
always fuzzy now because you keep
putting it in your mouth look at it it's
always fuzzy now could you keep putting
it in your mouth you know
no I just said I just said count we got
something tasty mm-hmm that's boozy
that's a sound yeah hey who's your best
friend trying to trick you I'm always
trying to coerce you into same things my
dad that oh yeah you almost said hi as
well hey are we giving her the yogurt or
is that for you oh I know I thought that
was hers that's why your food mommy's
yogurt Amelia's yogurt yep he's gone
let's go oh we got peach and banana push
sniffing and booming till our languages
Glennis Caswell
yeah you ready for this
holy hoping CIB primaries in yeah thanks
mm-hmm it's like very great land isn't
it there's like no sugar or anything in
them you won't rise up you gotta touch
it uh-huh hey uh whites there you
telling me you like a vegetable melody
medley this is way better than any of
that crap huh
mmm oh thanks I week the other crap this
was made by Glenn esc' yeah she liked us
to understand yeah that one please like
the fruits the third fruit fresh books
your mate like Jonathan water buddy
I don't think you can touch the camera
right now oh yeah get your hand in there
get it all over your hand oh you've just
made a best friend for life yeah yeah
very good time
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
