what's my name
can you believe how long I've been
actually coming here for a change that
it's media today he's like very very
seldomly do we actually see people that
join in January and commit and stay I
mean he's like you're one of those
people so he's like I love him that
happened thank you for that because I
didn't I kind of believed in myself but
I was like yeah what if I what if I
don't take to it you know I might quit
I might not survive the whole way but at
least I'll give up my best goal when you
do something for ages and then you're
like you realize that you've you've done
it you know you've like you realize
you've achieved your set goal you know
and it's like oh well yeah it's very
easy then to slip it you slippery slope
because you feel like you let your guard
down in a way cuz you feel like I've
done it I've achieved it even I mean
there's no no like I can just like take
it easier stuff like that you know and
then the slippery slope and then it's
like I'll just have this and then that
and this is right and then you're right
back to where you are and you're like oh
so for breakfast this morning I'm
preparing this thing for a meeting
it's called peaches apples and parries
except I'm not doing it with peaches
because I bought peaches last time and
peaches aren't in season right now
so they just went like they were just
really really bad like I've even came to
one like I almost got sick I was so
gross
so here's a little girl hanging out
she's a bit close to the TV but she's
not actually really watching it so I
guess it's alright but I might move the
couch back if she's gonna end up doing
that the only reason she's not in her
eggs or saucer is because she's got rust
all over it to have to Phoenix so I'm
trying to make this and it said to split
a vanilla pod and scoop it at the seeds
like is this actually a joke what to use
I know you guys probably can't see it
put like what seeds
where are the seeds are the seeds like
the tiny little black things that come
out that are like miniscule I'm like I
don't know what's going on here so I'm
just gonna do it with the vanilla pods
hole inside scrape the seeds into the
pan and out of the pod and apple okay
well then I'll probably do that right
okay so clueless I just opened it a
little bit difficult to pick off
and just slithering all over the place
yeah it's a little bit hard to pick up
huh
so here's the aftermath of our little
experiment we tried I think most of the
apple and pear ended up on the floor
okay
I tried something new today guys I ran
for an hour I almost made it to Dublin I
think feel like oh my god I had made the
biggest mistake of my life
this mistake I wanna see you know I was
at that like no need for a warm-up I'll
do like a half an hour of a run you know
and then I like move on to like weights
and stuff but I was like I was I thought
a half an hour mark and I was like I
feel like I've got more in me you know
and then I got that 45 and I was just
like I'm feeling my heart weighs about
like 150 honey it was jump between 150
I'm trying to like I feel like you know
I'm trying to do two or three minutes on
my toes like her knees up high and I'll
drop my knees down and try and like pace
myself out and get it up you know so
I'll be jumping from like 150 to 160 170
in a heartbeat you know 107 is like
fairly pushing it you know and I'm so I
was like oh no goodness is like can I do
this and there's like 50 minutes and
then it came up see our like and I was
like oh my goodness wow I can't believe
I did an hour what what is it what's
wrong what's wrong huh sitting here
trying to do some work and what happens
what happens
you killed bye bye
you wanna come and is it
oh you are just determined you are
determined my friend you have
determination in you hmm
can you stroller end up town huh huh oh
goodness me the works that gonna do
itself it's not breathing itself it's
not gonna do it is a because I did
I don't think he's gonna do it are you
gonna do it no kids you're looking
you're so cute you're lucky you're so
cute I feel like kids almost planned
this right
look at her fast asleep right because
now it's over it's time to go but
initially I'm gonna need her drink like
it just wouldn't count that required at
all I was walking right here and I was
singing and we're dancing and we're
doing everything that I write and she
just would not go to sleep I bet it's
like just as right okay I got headings
down and she's like what fast asleep she
plans the Jeep and she's calling me
baby's trollin huh
I mean how many three baby trolls you
all the time she know she's like yeah
good luck putting me into the car seat
now dad yo wake up she's the sleeves
like when we put her down onto the snow
see she was just like fast asleep huh
hey buddy do ya with its new y'all full
of energy had to scream all the way all
the way into town if I kill a car
behold de Lucia I'm never gonna get
tired of that ever until they tear it
down oh no oh my God look how high up
the water is even though Ana doesn't
care you know I've seen it like those
like your whatever yeah but like oh my
goodness look at it on that status that
is very high up it is not normally that
high up that is like look at the bridge
like you wouldn't actually the boats go
underneath that bridge
you wouldn't get under a bridge oh good
that bridge Brett hey Brett
Thunder Thunder lined what no one told
us about Thunder land even though I'm
terrified number you don't want to go so
please don't even any comments or any
information below about Wonderland but
oh my god Wendell and I remember last
year do you remember doc Oh was it last
year or the year before when I lost my
shoe oh the year before oh my god I was
terrifying and Joe what you don't made
it worse
do you know what like one of the were I
like I I am terrified a funny line right
and I was going on these swings right
and then a load of like girls go like oh
my god I watched your show and I was
like oh fantastic yeah no I know I'm not
afraid you know I just don't like in
you're all like let's go on the upside
down flip you over one you're like go
faster like the teacups go faster akiko
sort of the Walters me and Amelia myself
in the media I will have a great old
time on di teacups and yeah you and you
in a media can have like oh she reaches
a certain age yeah I'll be allowed on
certain things
you can just like yeah boom yeah yeah
perfect like I would go on to double
upside and roller coaster did that's
right boy unfortunate got a child you
know Oh sir to say there's like
kindergarten just dare you come no you
know to be honest I just were not into
that kind of thing I don't know ever you
leave kids car parts
hushed Mississippi baby here I'm hoping
is just gonna stay that way oh no oh no
hi hi there you want to just go back to
sleep
yeah okay we just talked to her
yeah that's money buddy what's my name
thank you who do you love the most in
the world
yeah
in Iran
oh look at that face give me that it'll
make everything better what'll make
everything better
where's it going where is it gonna go
which-which coffee do you want Amelia do
you want this one the gold one I will
just go with the normal one
you seem fairly excited about it you can
just get the wrong one though the normal
one you're equally as excited
yeah just one better okay here don't
drink it all though okay are you waving
to everybody
are you agent come over here come over
here waving everyone over she's like
waving to everyone or something look at
that word well I gave our wine soup but
I went down here I couldn't see it where
it's hidden
that's why
if I wind up and down then I couldn't
see it yeah that's the one
thanks ninis oh come on chop-chop Oreo
hello
REO are your hello hello REO REO hello
Nikolas Nikolas Nikolas or Nikolas or
don't you run away from me
there's your enemy a smudge rooney's he
is like Rudy's haze much woundes what do
you do as much movies much cheese much
cheese smidgen around Laurie OH
who lost the tour van cats huh
because I'll probably kill you in your
sleep
let's be honest what's all the commotion
and excitement for yeah please okay yeah
and look she sent me off this nail
polish Vegemite what the hell is
Vegemite I know it's not oh yeah it
looks like Caesar - yeah gone with Paige
right good like when she got her mean
yeah do it do it
what is that I can't see huh bed set
peppa pig cupcake bed set hello Amelia
hello Amelia
she's a grand baby she's one of the best
of the babies that I've ever seen at all
Amalia that's crazy
the mom's gone crazy the moms gone crazy
now don't eat mania now I don't know
what the fiber and the calorie counts
are of that just just stick it in stick
it in I told you are you making a fuss
are you Frank first party are you do you
know Frank
first pot huh we're going to make some
ma what yeah it's my water excuse me
don't forget your Pinero vicuna bah bah
bah bah boo tseebo June night it sure to
give your taste buds a simple little
fright cousin spicy all right don't
forget to bite on the lid of that
buffoon uh you're supposed to bite on it
there and then it was supposed to like I
could be like a little drum beat beat
the drum hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
