night-night princess Amelia a very
exciting night what what what's wrong
are you crying for what are you crazy
go away so you don't want the tea afraid
to come do it doesn't Julie
hello and welcome to Disick own Jolie
family hearing in this year hello it s
yeah huh Alessia used to look like me
now she's changing she's not runny nose
you got a runny nose you change in me
who you look like when you grow up I'm
sorry mate she did not look like you
what'd she look like my family yeah my
sister she look like my sister which is
born it's funny how you go back in the
vlogs and you can you can see when all
the kids were born so different how
different they change so much I'm small
yeah here it is sometimes in your baby
pictures though like our kids we are on
our way to interview somebody for a
possible child care physician our lawyer
is no official but it's not yeah
basically I need to go back to work
that's on stage and Jonathan needs to go
back to work so like you wouldn't know
it but he's been
helping me a lot because he's at home
and he cuz he wants to and we just it's
really hard to get our work done
basically and we need to work to make a
living so I don't want to give up
completely on either I want to do I want
it all
but we've established that we do need a
little bit of help you know obviously
the ideal situation would be half my mom
lives next door or something like that
or Erica or family but we're on our own
so this is what we have to do and I am
still breastfeeding obviously I'm still
doing all of that myself I just feel
like I need an extra pair of hands we
are here oh we used to always come here
for date night guys you know how long
it's been since I've had a date night we
used to sit right here beside the guy if
I can a date night dream
they made snow what no it's not that's a
man is it kind of looks like a man I
suppose like it's got a little bit come
and leave comments man or a woman
he said woman the whole place to his
house that's yeah yeah how was last
night we had a date night ages ago
it has been week big brother was on no
he's before be pretty even started it
was it the summer
no no springtime yeah that's we are in
we need it's going on over here weeks
man she was talking hands in the air and
lake kid she is teething again I think
she's like
right guys the gardener's have come and
Gardens on his car basically what
happened
look at this thing finally the garden
has been cut it's quite again I was
wondering what color it was
it been so long and the first time this
car has been cleaned since purchase now
last time I honestly reflexions see now
Justine alright see he did all the work
whether they turned the camera and he
grabbed the closet guy I did it all hey
it's a aspect validate if you want to
get yourself a car cleaned there we go I
think you can press these buttons till
your buttons aren't working
now Facebook Twitter it's broken take
them out I made a silly mistake ok ok do
you want long sleeves or drunk long
trousers which one I and long trousers
yeah no you can't very short your fries
Wow I'm really sorry
it ain't happenin I don't think it
actually was your birthday though right
this is the best outfit ever it's gonna
keep you really warm and it's gonna be
you can play in it because it's not like
jeans or anything so it's comfy cash you
know so come over here and I'll show you
yeah and it sure
kind of yeah isn't that sure look at
your legs your legs have got long come
here love it I know
all right we are pulling some of the
pictures for the calendar right but look
at this this is not gonna make the
calendar I just need to find in your
hair cuz you mean is knickers but
whenever whenever you see this shot in
the calendar or more than likely it's
gonna be something like that and this is
like look at my face this is the moment
we're swinging Amelia and she her hand
slipped away fine ana hasn't realized it
yes
she like proper like flicks up and flies
off all right now be such a funny look
at my face and it was such a funny frame
do we Tosh we're gonna be late come on
you don't like me anymore so it wire
doesn't like me anymore sad day for me
because the water doesn't like me
anymore come on white oh hey guess what
daddy guys car cleaned mommy's car look
how shiny mommy's cars bozer's Oh forgot
to close the gate we got ours this is
somebody's Lamborghinis well no daddy
what whoa it's the scary dead man come
on let's go
all right a new pop look at the wheel
color Irish you've seen them this color
since the day I picked them off they are
golden their actual golden wheels right
Oh Lily we're best friends someday who
are you joking it's just a prank bro
immediatelly neo is joking
what Lily do not see my Twitter it says
all my tweets are jokes no jokes
update we're now best friends are we now
best friends I know we're best friends
now
I know reverse rides now come on tell
the people we're best friends
tell the people were best friends say
say he's my best friend gun know what's
going on short wait what's going on oh
you play with that he's hey come with
the car
where'd you get all the people from did
you pick them so I have a plan to build
this properly in our new house
and it's supposed to idea was that the
whole top of the house would have a
train track running through it so he
started putting it together now no no no
no no what we need to leave yeah yeah
but we have to be very gentle with it
Eduardo they can drive all by himself
oh so when I was a kid my dad had build
a model railway saying all the way to
the top of our house that's where I got
the idea for it and I always loved it
but we never wouldn't have played with
it oh now I'm not an employee yeah what
no that's the garden you're growing on
the garden and the Christmas trees there
what she's the sitter you stop holding
your mommy ready oh boy don't let her
fall for later imagine you had another
little brother - Eduardo wait wait you
would prefer another little girl instead
of another boy Charlotte so breaking
news the pony joys you gonna have
another girl and we're calling her
Charlotte's so we have decided now that
we did Show and Tell in school today and
we showed all the boys and girls
Amelia's toot didn't you do that today
and it is kind of like signing my cooks
see those teats in there so now that
we've done show-and-tell
no now they don't want it all the voice
of her think they clap when he's so
excited no you're the first one in your
year to lose a toot yeah that's why I
had a really good run good question
so tonight Amelia has decided she's
going to give her toot
to the Tooth Fairy oh yo you have a list
you have a list of demands
I know what I want something that really
pretty look really funny one good
writers one look really funny and I hips
brother
you look like Isaac's brother Eduardo
yeah because you got the same cuz he's
got kind of do a little bit like it's
kind of like a little bit OMG yeah is it
funny
what tell him it you tell me a joke no
yeah when I took my beard off and we
look like twins
yeah do you think yeah I think don't put
my chewed out no we're going to bed now
oh no no oh boy all right here we go
it's time it is under she goes down she
goes oh my goodness Amelia how exciting
I know then go into your room quickly go
into your room take your little odd part
with you
night-night princess Amelia a very
exciting night what what so you don't
want the T afraid to come is a hard
choice okay what I teach fellows he
trained not to come what you want you
want to keep the toots you wanted to
keep to toot and you wanted to trade to
come well I'll see what I can do okay
I'll see what I can do okay let's just
slide in there well what have you get to
keep it but the Tooth Fairy also comes
and she gives you a little kiss on the
cheek well you just you want to keep the
toot is that your main concern you want
to present put you also want to keep to
put it here with it and put it here if
you put it under the pillow she will
take it you want to hug it all right
good night you me Mia
Oh
