what do you like for Jimmy what do you
like it really will
I won't make it to Winterfell go to
King's Landing tell them I won't make it
who's excited for season 3 of Game of
Thrones you see please see in the
trailer if you dragons you are bow down
to gotta trick our son are you sure
cause I think Amenia beat yourself look
I think the baby led main thing is kind
of working a little bit better hurt them
the purees
are you enjoying this good girl good
girl I won't distract you anymore okay
good girl you eat your banana good girl
she's actually eating like this Mexican
puree or I like to thank you very much
master she won't eat it like she just
tastes like one spoonful and then she's
done super SuperDuper SuperDuper
SuperDuper duper I think I realize why
why Brown guy GZ I think what happened
with that when the Sun came out I was
super excited right like t-shirts and
like we learned me nice clothes again
I'd like to show off my sexy bod and
that's why I went wrong because you only
come traumatically colder yeah okay what
the hell yes just a culprit I have been
asking you is that the stinker what is I
was like it's turned into like hmm oh
god this went wrong and then the
temperature changed understand
walk-around t-shirts yeah you're gonna
need to plug that in oh it's a good idea
to dip it in give me one
no I want a whole one half one what the
hell you think I am
go go treasure day long you're chilling
realization get 98 of em out there stop
stop I just I didn't do anything was
joking you just like feeding yourself I
think I feel like so we have some sweet
vegetable medley right here I'm gonna
see how you fare with this okay maybe
this plus bread equals your mom's she's
not in a great mood she didn't have a
great nap you like the bread you want to
feed the blobbies
what's in this Nick hmm nope
I just like my bread oh I tricked you
good trick good drink huh that was a
good drink maybe I'll do that every time
it's over in a veil it's over we just
play fetch the tree um which is our
hide-and-go-seek game with the treats so
that the dogs are getting good at I hope
to say Alvey was the best and then Cena
but now the puppies are getting up there
new visas a little I'm Bianca they're
really good but um yeah I'm going out do
the poop now so you know what I mean I'm
just so cool and Jon's are going insane
because there's kids playing it from the
front look what Mommy figured out so
this is her tiny love play mat and I
just took off the two like uh can you
call them beams I don't know they were
the things that like went from side to
side like in a kind of an
shape and because she likes to sit up
now and she's confident enough to sit up
like this um but she wasn't fitting like
the things were like here like crushing
her head whenever she sit in her play
map and I just think this is a lot more
because the dogs don't go on this bar
Bianca who I just put up here because
she's the only job that will like
misbehave and go on to her pretty not
the others like respect the rules they
know that they're not allowed holy crap
it's because I moved guys can you see
this okay one hard one an entire garden
and filled up I'm never gonna have any
grass look at this do you hear them we
was sitting here joking about ago whoa
because it was like super and sitting
there in the garden it was like 17 I
know I was like oh hey good job fight I
did one in the jaw huh but it was way
more dramatic consumes one birthday at
isodyne I was like all feckin Cedars and
you turn around the entire garden was
full of them crazy but as I moved to get
the camera half and flew away
whoa no need a room ran in packs
like wild pack animals every way the
fakirs even poonam kaur minute ago
cheese didn't she like to listen it up
and then pulling the Danner's out on a
cat we love the camera morning me why
why Raja why oh he's okay
are you dating the game for you
heyo just built a video series like
these out in tears boys if you're gay
it's okay
Oh Anna's dream I like the gay son okay
so it's all right I don't think Tok Tok
no well if you feel you're lighting what
am i doing those movies that's not your
name do now what did I do as an expected
i doing to add an Aldi tooth you know I
hate when they pull a him it's really
mean okay I you're too extreme like
Disney's famous she's just too intense
she's like who the kid is little bear in
the world who who is holy Snively
shuffled oh boy snowballs huh wanna go
see the Pussycats you know we like the
Pussycats do you yeah you might get to
like them yeah I'm gonna feed them
anyway we'll see how we feel after that
you want to just like attach yourself in
here one book get yourself up hmm
all right lads hurry lads what's the
craic
you should crack just crack niccola's oh
oh you might some food they should make
some food huh mm-hmm
yeah all right well you guys want mmm
proactive health for adult hair ball I
don't hair ball who's that old hair ball
who's ahead little hairball this is also
bridled hair ball is that like like
German like hair ball mr. ball before it
uses mr. ball I'm sorry I'm a boring you
or you huh Miffy Mario smudge and
Nikki he should know their names smudges
the oldest then Oreo then Miffy
and then Little Nicky all right let's
hook you guys up some tasty tasty
I don't succulent roast chicken hmm you
want some succulent roast chicken huh
who does who wants orange soda Kel loves
orange soda all right all right all
right all right all right
where's cup where's the club go buddy
this Cup no no no Cup Cup on Tay so kids
my G hey buddy take your pictures we
take pictures Oh pick the Victor Victor
break the breaker
do you like your little chair
you like your little chair oh you look
so funny in your little spaceship chair
yeah funny spaceship chair fine
spaceship chair funny spaceship chair
you don't really care you're in a funny
spaceship chair hey Chilly Charlie Tilly
Charlie Charlie Chile Sigourney Thole
I turned the corner joy tell us a car
what do you like from Jimmy what do you
like a teeny-weeny oh I got this it's
good it's good
the 22nd where all I find a you know
like the ten second rule is a
five-second rule the 30 second rule you
can the rules of that rule are
susceptible to the environment I think
you know like sometimes this is 10
second sometimes there's no second rule
but sometimes you're here early
it sounds like a zero ruling on over
there this is called the leftover feast
it's all the leftover food beef and I
had a jasmine rice from an icon tie
we had some chili we had some Melia
sauce just just Reb just get all the
leftovers that you have on a Sunday
evening throw them into a wok and
something something edible will come out
you like rust
what you doing eatin a rough rollicking
for the Liga where is the Liga a rusk
sorry where's the Rusk did you eat the
rest
did you eat it all Oh God Oh sick
Hoover that up Cena I mean we Hoover it
up
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
