you guys don't believe us okay because
Emilia is a trickster right she's
convincing you or that she's just lovely
baby she's not she's a liar
you thought all right I mean you never
close oh I mean he cries
do you guys remember we used to make
those frankfurter sausage bagels and we
used to get a bagel chop it in half
drench it with like mozzarella and have
like frankfurters and my special
operators closed again it's kind of half
open half post so horrible out like it's
actually just pouring rain and won't
stop and I don't know how I'm gonna pick
up all the poop outside because it gets
a bit difficult when it's so rough so I
don't know trying to help you peas
outside how how am I supposed to pick up
the poop I didn't do it yesterday cuz I
just couldn't even get outside it was so
which it's just non-stop rain and it's
non-stop rain so you have to do it today
otherwise a garden is gonna see a guy
who basically has six dogs equals a lot
of food they did it I beat the system I
went outside and they take you up all
the poop and it was super gross and
really sloppy and messy out there but I
did it and I think I got everything
stripping their poop system huh but yeah
and when you have him with myself I got
soaked
of course my jeans got soaked which is
never nice but I'm more hat so my hair
hi dancing girl whoa look at those moves
look at those moves
I think you love your eggs a sauce it's
so funny because when we first I feel
like when we first got it for her she
was like whatever it's just not that
impressed obviously because she was a
lot younger and not really interested in
like pulling out things and reaching
like she couldn't reach anything when
she was first in there now she loves us
so we're gonna get cleaned up I'm gonna
finally get to making breakfast they
haven't done that yet yeah okay let's
not everybody in anything in anything in
anything oh my god good jogs in did you
count six was that six one two three
four five six good dog country retreat
for no reason just okay hey get your
money paws off my cabinets cheese all
right you're gonna sit this always
entertaining to me me out a lot good dog
good dog
oh she got two oh my god she got to sit
good does just cooking up some apple in
this ridiculous frying pan should be a
sauce patent books I still have been
actually bought our saucepan yet we were
going to and they're like I don't know
we just couldn't make up our minds on
which set to buy so we just didn't but
we should have cuz like literally the
minute we got home we were like we
should have just bought them this is
kind of a necessity but anyways it's
fine
I got this smaller frying pan from my
mom cuz she didn't actually need it
anymore or want it or so I can't
remember actually but uh yeah so it's
actually fine and the lid from the other
fit so I'm doing that because I thought
my heart is already made oh my God look
at this psychopath here okay
watch her she actually liked this chair
it was all the way over here when this
began
she has just been traveling backwards
it's so dangerous like it is so
dangerous but yet so hilarious at the
same time what do you do it you're gonna
go again I think I'm gonna miss her like
little episode but I got it on heat if
any of you want to follow me on keek
it's just my name and i Ciccone I think
I'm sure took me like ages to remember
my password I couldn't remember it I
couldn't login for like months but this
is my keek right here there you go I
just posted that one of her what are you
doing she is insane she was doing it way
more though earlier and I'm so glad I
caught it anyways
look at all these clothes you got look
at this how cute is this
and they're all the right size as well
because there's a size up okay
crazy girl oh my goodness
I thought it was the terrible cheese not
too terrible six months huh oh my
goodness I thought she'd pull in here I
just pulled in here so you get the car
park this little thing was going hey
you're awful unless I change you're not
be under Sly there okay Oh
oh she's asleep at all is she for the
whole Drive ya need to sit back here
with you mommy can drive that'll be fun
and then off you go Nene's watching
yesterday he's like I never learned
steak uh I said he's escaping from
something Oh psych Oh insight yeah yeah
yeah and I was like there you go there
you go huh that's an example maybe when
you're stuck in Mexico after meeting a
Mexican drug lord and you're trying to
escape uh what do you do then huh you
guys don't believe was okay because
Amelia is the trickster right she's
convincing you all that she's just
lovely baby she's not she's a liar
she's not all right I mean never cries
oh I'm using a cries Amelia never sleeps
and hear cries all the time we turn the
camera we need to just keep the camera
on all the time I think that's the trick
yeah we just keep the camera on all the
time and you won't be able to keep up
your facade will you huh beside it's
like a volkswagen passat
that are you posad are you for sappy
herbicide which one are you oh oh
goodness
nice was she good Drive take us home why
don't you sit back here I would totes it
bike here with her I did for like one
but then are we all happy now how would
you feel if I were to pop in there oh
yeah oh yeah is that a present for you
yeah the dogs got some no they're for
her Andy what the shoes no I have to
show you the pictures of the dogs and
stuff they're so cool
oh we show later I'll show later what is
it it's like it last week or something
this started wasn't that nothing I'm
just being sold
not even feeding yeah what it mean I
know it also corresponds with the
introduction of food like me
or something there's nothing wrong with
her but just maybe it's just like the
same things over and over maybe it's
just like you know it's a growing pain
type of thing you know where she's just
suggesting huh
good thing you're so cute it's a good
thing you're so cute cuz you know what
we'd leave you right there we would just
leave you there go home I'm just having
the throne that's what we do I know
what's a baby head to uh early toker
head to Woody's near told the road you
can pick up is no better UVI why you
want a free Melia water free Amelia come
on
Omo Omo oh he's a happy baby now huh huh
yeah she's all happy again you huh
little devil baby El Diablo energy I
would say Spanish or Italian or
something
Diablo Bambino Bovina ballerina Diablo
philippi bambina diablo or diablo
bambina oh geez didn't realize the
punctuation police were here
would added fake Oni and everything in
the world he's better with bacon others
do you agree
we are
right now
together buddy with yet a enjoying a
coffee you doing a tasty coffee
goodnight
VRE
the yummy
haha did you do the face yeah
new treats from Killian so oh these are
for Amelia she's a misfit I know you're
a misfit who would like one of these if
I could see somebody sick oh god I'm
supposed to be for Allie but no I'm in
there
good dog sniff get what UT with you is
sitting do sit okay look if you're like
red nails
I'll be your boy he runs away
make them Johnny thank you like sit sit
sit sit
do not give that to her
her nose it kind of hold her nose a bit
you know they pass out and that fixes it
oh my god they'll be defeated with me
young girls of seven that was a really
good idea huh I love this everyone's
name yeah that is so never look at I
love you with one eye and then Z now
it's two and then all the puppies and
they're all the right size as well
because they're like a size up I'm gonna
read the end to make sure everything's
okay yeah because they thank you say
thank you to Luna to also check this air
right these are like magical magical
keys made
they're called sheepies sheepies
unfortunately the box it is I got it
look look what they have on them
cupcakes and there's gonna be like four
sizes in yeah this was to grow with your
child like you can make the size bigger
like four times yeah yeah no I think
there's another thing too I think this
moves as well look look it's this you
like see and then you pull it out I
think I think and on this part as well
hold ya the horseshoe grows like four
sizes so they're called soupy sure
mandible and adjustable shoes one size
fits most 0 to 24 months so that's gonna
last till she's like 2 is your plan to
pull that off is it is that your plan is
it she's like pulling this thing huh is
that your plan is it you have a game
plan is there is there a game plan oh oh
it's just we're just taking that are we
what's gonna happen here now huh how's
like how's it gonna happen huh it's
dougie fans
hey donkey friends what the ideas to
helping they steal donkey friends from
you well you sold plenty things from me
least least my child knows my name
he's my childhood favorite alright first
pot why is there lumps of bread all over
you what is this what is this have you
been chewing the bread uh-huh what's
your sock where's your sock where's your
shotgun buddy did you stop buddy we just
had a feast feast feast up not go time
come on buddy come on buddy come on
buddy
what is this look at this hmm what was
that
oh is that oh he's dead but how's that
Oh steady kitty cats anymore kitty cats
in here hello
get to guess what the heck no no no
kitty cat the kitty cat huh you know I'm
a kitty cat
whoa whoa okay
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
