hi better be like in this video too much
good too much it's too much
hi buddy you playing with your toys yeah
yeah yeah summertime is officially over
Oh
it's not a pleasant situation they led
me into a false sense of security they
did having these like couple of days of
like lovely sunshine and some of that
and then what did I do
just as here this is you start to make
plans just you take Feeny's I'll go to
the beach tomorrow it's been so good
lately coming all the dogs immediate
everybody been to the beach but you try
to build sandcastles oh my god but you
bring the vlog guys along when I have
like a hoot like a barely the next day
ah you're cutting me you're pulling me
leg
back in weather huh giggle oh come on
now come on now okay I just leave it in
the road forever nope mmm banana oh it's
me damn who born uh well it's my native
Oh yum yum yum
she's just so like not interested
anymore it's weird as a novelty worn off
hmm back to the pool please no no wha
wha wha wha oh my god your hair go here
get get that into you get that India
sent it who's that died this morning
yeah she said Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
up but then he does do you have she saw
a meteo
now let's see if you like now look at
her she's like falling asleep on it babe
huh
okay come on ah someone
birdie birdie yeah good girl yeah what
are we wearing today Amelia trying hey
oh my god I didn't get high you like
your crib what are you doing you playing
with your toys oh not like that oh she
wasn't sure it's okay though huh it's
all right mm-hmm trying to get back up
trying to get back up let's see take
this arm when do three huh whoops whoops
oh oh come on get up lazy bones
honestly like I had gotten her used to
um nothing like for about four to five
minutes in here and then I kind of
stopped because it was just stupid but
um I should start doing that again
actually I keep saying I want to do it
again but then I just never like commit
to it hi hi because she actually really
likes her room in this one book that I
have the Gina board
ContentID little baby book she says too
she says to try and get them used to
their nursery but just like you know
hanging out in it like changing them in
it playing with them having quiet time
and that kind of thing and then those
slowly get used to um good nursery and
it won't be like scary when you put them
to bed when you actually start to put
them to bed in there because this is
going to be her room like to sleep in
eventually just not yes you've got a
fluff hanging from your mouth hmm
okay yes hi Hey head down as deep as I
ever sister it was just even the
dishwasher that's what I do every
morning me bad takes it it's the best
favorite yesterday is the evenings
actually because that's when the dirty
dishes going right into this presser and
I get me Finn yeah very excited when am
I going for my walk today where do they
go in mad did I hear you say you are
taking us for a walk today in this
beautiful weather I've got beer
Ellington boots are you such a puss pies
just unhappy things are used to make her
happy
just don't make her happy anymore huh
why not why not okay we have to figure
out a new you huh you like a new little
girl you were growing up girl to
everything that works from zero to six
no longer works anymore hmm
yeah we have to just carry you around
all day long I said whoa whoa whoa
Liam's mommy's making you lunch though
mmm is it the metal melody metally I
might be some chicken get you carry
cinnamon mm nice thanks
he always makes so much does Nick yeah
and then this the problem with this one
is that you can't because it's milkiness
so it's not gonna last
well you can freeze it the first time
then yeah that's it eat it all it's like
so she's not worried she's gonna eat how
much knows gonna eat like 1 million 1
million damn it so that gives us nine
hundred ninety nine hundred thousand
more it goes now that's my one that's my
one you got the prawn your app Rahner
and you guys eat this stuff it's so good
it's like kitchen curry non-science call
the city kitchen it's for city folk only
city people heat that's kind of food I
wonder what the country kitchens like
it's probably like a healthy stew or
something my way yeah I just turned it
on though I just turned it on I just do
it again yeah hey dad dad what's my name
Dada da Dada da I think I got that I
think I got the dye just there like yeah
what is it
you see I love her dad dad oh my god oh
so cute dad dad
look at how he's all excited yeah the
alpi hey she did movies you do it works
daddy what you sayin what you say any
call the money
we're having an emotional explosion
right now and you're all like Oh dad dad
don't worry about mama it's too
complicated when he even tried an
assassin yeah so cool and you can I hear
a little voice like you know that's me
hi hi too much too much it's too much oh
joy I stopped recording but I know it's
amazing
lollipop lollipop Oh lolli lolli lolli
lolli pear pop honey but I have never
had a pear flavored lollipop
have you a pear flavored lying about
might you like buying a pair flavored
ice cream no I have never had a pear
flavor ice cream you get it definitely
sorrento well that would probably be
like fresh pear i saw some that you like
that you like munching on that she's
very good at she's and the idea of
holding it and chewing on it
oh we're gonna rock as well yeah yeah is
that extra fun no I did a test I did a
test yesterday I was sitting there with
her was really scary but I was kicking
it to see what it actually fall over and
look you can see the way it's designed
yeah I see she's thrown her back into
the back bed and that's further apart
there's no way obviously the bigger she
gets and if she keeps it up but like a
lot of things I think it's just a face a
lot of things she gets into and then she
gets out of it hey guys so I'm hanging
out with Amelia Amelia we're hanging out
yeah it's getting kind of dark now but
um she's just playing with some random
cupcakes she likes this cushion cuz it's
got a little stock to it I'm not even
sure like oh it's the cherry I was
wondering I was like it
since when do cupcakes have stalks they
don't draw on trees and then I realized
it's a cherry it's a cherry
you like it
yeah she likes that little stocky thing
and then she likes this one cuz of the
little bobble so she likes that and then
there's this diary cupcake diary yeah
hey she's a bit crazy right now I'm
trying to do my parent Amoz card um I
signed up for like a loyalty card but
the internet is really slow I think it's
because javis is like
uploading or something I'm not on your
Shore um I'm not really sure but anyways
so that's where we're at right now hmm I
don't know can you like fill it out here
and then send it off or something is
that like this upside dad is that what
you do or do you just do it online
because I've done loyalty cards just
online
dad yeah uh dad yeah you and say dad
again
dad dad
oops one of my keys is all funky oh
there we go it's not working it's super
slow it's so annoying hmm yeah he said
dad dad he said dad dad I I think all
the time with her is that she's gotten
older so she needs like she needs more
distractions and stuff like I think
that's why she's kind of going through
this little fussy period where the
things that we used to do with her
aren't like as entertaining for her
anymore and she just needs a lot more
like attention this one apprentice eh
yeah you know yeah you just need more
attention cuz you're a little diva you a
little diva
you did it Oleg Susie Susie
it looks like I'm driving down a run my
hair
oh my god I can't even see it's so
disgusting out here it is literally a
little worse than a fish that's right
looks like oh my goodness and yesterday
I was like what a beautiful day today is
horrible what were you laughing at were
you laughing at this let me recreate it
okay was the donkey doing this nobody
what's she doing what do they do it is
he licking he's doing mmm is so cute you
were just like in stitches a blank I
just kept looking over it to see what
pink I was doing licking the dirty
dishes in the dishwasher um nobody wants
to pee of course because it's raining
Kwan Nuvi scorned no this is not the way
in you want to go peep is outside good
girl good girl go on go on
gay peepees I know it's gross Albie
you're not special
I'll be up my foot hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be awesome
haha
