I think something might be wrong here oh
this glove is kind of funny and these
pants are are funny which way this is
gone let's just let go up here like this
do you eat mushy okay don't ever do that
again
no look at her fake teeth you know you
didn't wish mr. face you'll see it when
you edit this she was all like like for
me what of me look at her she's clashing
it's so funny I had to put Christmas
stuff on her because the we're so behind
in the laundry we are that would be him
I love him look at this it's all he
destroyed my hearty he lifts it up and
it went legs oh my god she's okay right
people god I'm like a stripper this
nobody should have yet for the media's
joy Turk coin and that's mean anyways so
mini is having mashed banana not pure a
this is mashed banana pick it up
Jonathan I saw you I saw you do that I
saw your like Oh nobody solid just leave
it on this foot pick it up
no it's made of toy hey Eddie you want
to see see it's all lumpy is give
different texture
I'm nom nom nom nom nom nom know you're
hungry
okay maybe mommy eat some first bullets
take it out of moms
oh you weren't even looking meeow meeow
beep beep beep hey I thought you'd be
excited
it's mashed bananas it's my opinion
Oh Mia oh no oh no you got banana on
your nose ok give you afraid as well
here here yeah wouldn't talk about komen
zie of Laguna
hey is this there yes I would have to
add less is it make
we have unless the baby and it is
problem then idea what it's wunderbar is
wunderbar oh the baby is smack the baby
is quiche Mac has to ein English mate
until Garvey Commerce invest in some
crack house if I cover inside verses on
crinkles some crank up huh
hi mister baby okay another eager I'm
not very good at this I don't do it that
often it's more mommy's job isn't it is
it more of a mommy's job ah holy put you
in buddy oh it isn't here oh it kind of
fall off themselves
alright sucks OOP my nose socks okay
little iffy you know Ike Miffy I'll undo
Miffy there for me hmm better black
pants well black him if he looks good
together doesn't it yeah from the
the one in the bar is a bar we do best
if I stay though
Oh cow Moo killer you want a moo cow
okay
dress yourself I'll wait here I think
something might be wrong here
oh this glove is kind of funny and these
pants are are funny which way does this
go on let's just let go up here like
this what what how does this even work
how does this even work huh give me that
give me that but what what you saying
what you saying
say it don't spray it say it don't spray
it keep this what are you doing with
that in your hand this is not going to
fly this is not gonna fly
private Pyle that's your name private
Pyle now I am I wearing the clothes why
am I wearing clothes oh we've got
ourselves into a right little situation
haven't we we've done it again we've
done it again buddy I just put it in a
collection of look at these little
things they're so cute yeah they're
don't do those pants what what the moon
when I've never seen that that's really
cute
yeah I know here oh that does look
better I apologize what you talking ones
God
I've lost the pot we've lost a case
we've lost the case Murphy get into my
office Murphy hey you up a little bit of
crawlin yeah yeah
come on give me five press-ups let's go
come on private ciccone
hey that was actually recip yeah hey you
come backwards way to go backwards buddy
are you go backwards the backwards man
the backwards man has a lever at the
back of mine can you do backwards man
are you the backwards man I hear the
backwards man so how would you rate your
experience being dressed by dad versus
being best my mom is there different
kind of experience yeah all right oh
goodness
is it fancy you're definitely my baby
these aren't so good this one is not
very good for running I have and look we
like to turn them off the oldies cuz
they're they're the ones that we always
left off anyway they're so you see and
watch out for new murderers guys this is
her not went down come on ivy let's go
let's go let's go there's someone's
happier off leads Andy do anything off
your lead you chew off your lead know he
doesn't care he's happy just walk beside
me no me no no what huh
not frets I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you oh crap
see does that thing more like the front
wheel just like wobbles or something
why are we come on it's a rare thing to
see and I'll be cops run okay okay yeah
yeah you go boy you go boy
Ruth cup boy happy coxey's good about
right we're gonna try to doggies off who
ran away that time on me all right tio
let's write one at a time no maybe all
right
the free tea oh go find a nice home it's
a process it's a process people always
ask us like am I didn't do that you know
it is really scary but it's what I think
it's really important that the dogs have
recall like Albion seen on that ring on
I remember they're teaching LV and to do
that we did it in the middle of our
apartment login on it in Greenwich we
divorced name a place we lived in
Greenwich
there's an old military base the place
you did just call Royal Arsenal it was
like this huge military base okay okay
but I had this like tiny little Park in
the middle of it that's where we taught
him I'll be to go off good girl huh oh
it's scary but I just think it's really
important now that they all have this
but it's good for them because they can
get better they tire themselves out more
you have a good time you have a good
time even a good time teal oh this is
great progress where's mommy
where's mom he'll get mom give up bikini
you still asleep
are we ready guys Minka Navy he's going
off the wait ho-yang cafe and very very
very excited know if you're he say I'm
fierce excited how I won't stay I
promise hey here we go
freedom awaits stunners begun its day
newbies stay stay
Boop you know I'd like to I'd like to
just handful the I've said put the fine
rabbit poop if they have here now slowly
uh-huh
you're gonna get it you're gonna get it
you gonna get it you gonna get it you're
gonna get it oh oh it's gonna hit you
you're gonna get you it's gonna get you
I gotta go Oh got it you got it yeah he
got it
good job buddy oh you let it go huh oh
you got it
Oh baby you got it what is it oh you got
it you got it
do it - head is Oh cute mmm so I just
fill my glass you watch this video I was
gonna do it with Amelia but she just
wasn't having any of it really to be
honest so I did it without her and in
fact she was cranky because she hasn't
gone in damn vertical now so
guys please don't wake up the baby
still first just went out to get some
supplies because we're running low on or
out of milk actually and also dog food
so he's gone off to do that and
chameleons asleep
so guys beep um I was just looking for
my Easter stuff which I can't find
anywhere like I want to take down with
the spontaneous software there's a
fountain stand over there mister things
like anywhere I don't know where I put
them and like we weren't even here last
year obviously if for Easter we're in
are you pretty outside we're in the
other house still um I remember
decorating but like I don't know where I
put any of this stuff afterwards I would
assume it's with all the Christmas
decorations because that's just kind of
where I would put this seasonal stuff
but calendar so I'm kind of confused but
anyways if I can manage to find it then
I'm going to take away all the
Valentine's things over there and I'm
just kind of getting sick of it now I'm
like oh it's like March stop anyways so
I'm doing some laundry so glamorous and
then I have tons more to do upstairs
stuck behind a truck stuck behind a
truck still
a drug today California here we come
right back where we started from
funny thing never watch that show when I
was growing up was all that I am dad and
a dad teach German I know - I know but
am the original 902 no I know that we
made nine or two or oh now so that's
confusing and it was like we drove a
cioppino to our Melrose Place I didn't
watch my older sister was kinda to
Melrose Place so much not so much but I
were a Dino - oh no Jalen oh he was so
crazy I was like oh my god Dylan who do
i fancy Kelly I think I had a thing for
Kelly Kelly was kind of hot member
kellyann and it was Donna
then it was Brenda who else was Dorothy
what was the meaning was it Donna was a
tall blond girl Kelly the blonde one
bread Brenda was different at one
was it somewhere else and I miss him I'm
not sure hanging out by the peach pit
huh the peach pit it's the new one to
sing though I don't know I've never seen
it
probably not I wonder you go casted it I
don't know probably not well this is a
great old conversation probably not yeah
Oh crazy crazy baby you know you could
knock that whole thing over how much fun
will it be then I'm assuming to be that
how much fun would it be then if the
whole thing came crumbling down huh oh
oh oh
somebody needs to make that into a gif
right and then like I don't know
whatever you doing gifts I put them on
just three me make a gift so don't make
a gift someone make a gift oh oh good
you totally should have made em or
something halt again I've totally
forgotten the thing with the puppies
Harlem shake loco choco-loco everything
was we should Rover her you know get it
I'm on the job hmm go crazy face
give me crazy face
mm-hmm you want to go let it go wanna go
Little Miss you ready go do your job
what you gonna do oh you got your degree
to a degree degree degree Sigma huh
and jugga-jugga jugga-jugga
hold it in your hands straight into the
road
shake it out oh no I got it
ah down oh you got a hold in your hands
okay yeah listen don't put it in your
mouth
do you hear me don't put it Auto ah
goodness this go on carry on do you
let's come in here hey that's good oh no
no hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
