I was heading down to the more remote
area I turned I ran and he was back but
he was like kind of coming at it would
look like he was coming after me but he
was on the opposite side and he was kind
of following me and I was like oh my god
good morning everybody
it's Monday but it feels like a Sunday
because it's bank holiday here in
Ireland I'm on my walk with I'll be what
are you doing like who's gonna actually
go in under that fence anyways I'm gonna
walk with I'll be in Cena it's a bed an
hour later than I usually like to start
it's actually nine o'clock instead of
usually go to bed eight but it's a bank
holiday so it kind of I don't really
mind but um yeah so this is just kind of
like getting me up and ready for the day
and I just really like it I love doing
this in the mornings um I didn't do it
Saturday and Sunday I didn't really miss
it because I wanted to sleep in but now
that it's a new week and everything you
just I just like doing it like Monday to
Friday I love getting up early and going
for my walk so the donkeys are happy -
hi guys
I hope you guys had a good st. Patrick's
Day we didn't actually really do want to
but Alvie still has his green bow so
that it's always fun so we're gonna go
ahead and get our walk done and then we
want to Kyo innovate like happy end
inside you guys huh green bow upgrade
you look a lot bigger than dad yeah yeah
what's your favorite kind of treat I
know
hey buddy hey buddy what you haven't
pears baby bag
but it ah what's wrong it's gone she
might just want her milky huh oh is it
these little markings down here huh oh
ah I'm not very impressed with this I
just washed the car and somebody pooped
on
what a beautiful laughter
what right here so it's bank holiday in
Ireland today probably now if I go there
anywhere else in the entire planet but
hey somebody called a darlin today so
we're all taking a holiday from the
banks I was going to go into banking
today but I decided to have take a
holiday like online banking I was like
I'm taking a holiday from online banking
what oh that's great to get dark it's
good dark in here so take off all your
clothes I am getting it's so hot I'm
gonna do clothes off and we're back so
we are on our way to Kentucky to get
some fried chicken yeah we're thinking
we're gonna McDonald's and then we
looked at the website and everything is
seven trillion calories per fry so we
decided you know what forget that
whereas KFC seems a lot more better a
lot more better yeah that's that's
official language you're learning from
Kofi so we decided we would go ahead to
can see because there's very limited
amount of takeaways or drive shoes in
our end which is well not in Ireland
I would act that statement in Cork
anyway you know it's not a lot of
drive-thru options you know if you could
if you could drive to anything right if
you at any thing to drive to what would
be your ultimate drive-thru option
subway
I'd love a subway or in Nando's
drive-thru imagine how will be pretty
cool
like imagine you only pretty good work
Vega bar drive you will be pretty happy
I think it's dudes the speed that it
takes to prepare it you'll be quite a
lay he was right boy you know even our
cost to drive J we get a copy in around
normally Sunday is many Sundays but bank
holiday mondays are like you get h meat
and beyond
snail's pace do you guys want to hear
about my murder story
Anna was almost murdered this morning it
was very quiet this morning you know
usually I do my walks when everybody is
going to work in school and stuff like
that so there's a lot of cars around and
it's just kind of very like there's a
nice pop up I like to call it but
anyways I was on my last lap and I had
the two smallest with me the I got
newbies and I saw this guy and he kind
of just appeared like he just walked
into our Park and he didn't look like he
lived here at all or anything like that
he just kind of it was weird it was like
he was just
ambling I don't know it was kind of
strange when I bumped into him or when I
can arrange him I was remember thinking
in my head oh just as well I have to to
like you know small ones because they
don't usually work even Bianca doesn't
let me bark then I started walking I
know he overtook me so he was walking in
front but he didn't really look like he
knew where he was going and then we got
to like a crossroads kind of place and
he just stopped and I overtook him and
then I kind of like went down to where
it's kind of a bit more remote and I'm a
little bit nervous sometimes turn around
to see like where he had gone or
whatever and he had turned back around
and was heading back out of our like
park or like area and so I was like okay
you obviously got lost or something and
then I was heading down to the more
remote area I turned around and he was
back
but he was like kind of coming out and
we look like he was coming after me but
he was on the opposite side and he was
kind of following me and I was like oh
my god so I started panicking and they
started thinking all these terrible
things like why do I have the two
smallest jobs that don't bark if I had
had tea Oh or I'll be with me at least
they would have barked at him yeah and
he would have been like oh won't kill
her because there is two barking dogs so
I'm not going to do that that's just
gonna draw too much attention okay maybe
I could just pretend like I live in one
of these houses right here and you know
just pretend to go home but then I don't
have my keys so what am I gonna do if I
don't have keys and he's gonna know that
I was lying and then I was figuring out
like different ways to run I would have
texted Jonathan honestly and probably
given him a heart attack because I would
have said something like just you know
there's a really weird guy I don't turn
up alive don't tell you know this is
what happened he's gonna give him a
description and everything of this this
man I'm laughing now but I was really
packing and then Pianka decided she
wanted to poop and then I had to get at
the poop bag and I was like you know
doing this and it wouldn't open and it
was all happening I was like oh no he's
gonna catch up with me and he's gonna
kill me down here where it's really
remote there's nobody here what if I
never see my home again like what if I
never got home again I was so scared and
then I was like maybe I could run and
like grab two dogs in one arm or like
one in each arm like what am I gonna do
and it was so horrible and then uh after
I had done that cuz it's like a dead end
I had gone right back around and come up
and I realized he was gone I was like oh
no is that oh yeah woke up I was still
asleep for Amelia and I woke up and had
this like I knew her something wrong or
something and I was like
welcome you have like a feeling an
overwhelming feeling that the bad
feeling was up like and then I waited
there for the time it took you to get
back and then I heard the girls inside
playing it was the actual the actual
trying like he woke up when I was out
with Bianca anew so when all this was
happening yeah that's crazy I am yeah so
maybe it's like you know when twins
always say that they sense things with
each other and putting out all these
things go through your head you know
you're like you wouldn't know I had to
talk to me cuz I'm like I'm not gonna
raise the media on my own it's gonna be
really tricky with the six dogs I'm like
you know what I'm dropping her to school
and she's a teenager I'm like God like
what I meet someone else I get remarried
it's so hard yeah I guess I am I'll say
nothing and then you came out but I was
like well I seen you thanking me I was
like oh that is creepy though that means
like that must mean something I would
hope that he wasn't a murderer and that
he was just a normal person that was
just lost he was acting but strange
though like he was acting like he was
really
well I don't know like just a bit of a
weirdo and he couldn't he may not have
been a weirdo he may have just genuinely
been a bit odd you know but he just I
don't know he was just the way his
manners is and everything he needs just
stopped me like hmm
like where will I go to next who will I
murder next us like oh god yeah have you
ever been murdered I mean although
you've just been like paranoid I think
we just watched too many like crime
shows yeah that's the problem too many
crime shows make you think there's
always a crime on ice we're at
McDonald's alright it looks a bit
different than normal but it says look
it says McDonald's MOT
my thumb's not sure the Mach part is but
can I just state for the record he stole
my no I said that I was I was like we're
at McDonald's he looked up he's like I'm
going to steal that credit let's just go
up to the door and be like hi I'll have
a happy meal Sam Jake you guys see Cham
shakes yeah we delayed the whole process
and not knowing what we wanted yeah no
clear what they're doing
where do you want it like I'm reading
the menu do you want fries with that
right
bingo one's ever said I'm just reading
the menu before all right hold on we
need to forget what we got here no to
enjoy your meal so I think that was it
you got a wrap yeah I know I think
that's great
oh we had a takeaway today so might as
well have some roids oh my god oh forgot
everything you ready
pizza party we'd already done the damage
today we're just with the KFC so you
know you might as well Lloyd needs a
night off from time to time
oh my god all I wanted a pizza all I
wanted was a pizza and now I could be a
winner if I'm a loser
if I'm a loser I'm gonna be very upset
free a free garlic pizza seriously are
you crazy again
mighty mighty money money
trip-trap doing it isn't it
you need scary oh yeah she knows it -
grab the actual front part where zoom in
it'll move forward you gonna get it did
you get it you're gonna get it you're
gonna get it
you want it you want it you want it it
would hmm
you want to vlog you want to volume IV
Locker you want to be loved you do mint
Amelia okay you have to turn it up
though it's a check no no yeah that's it
you all just got licked by Amelia hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because that would be
