it's coming this way thank you coming
this way I know I didn't realize that's
gonna happen okay do not spit that on my
baby
so first thing wants to lose weight then
it sort of took off the beard and stuff
and now it's just to start like this
sort of mess that's been going on up
here and I was thinking about this for a
while and I said and I was like you
don't wanna do a wait til I get to like
my ideal weight and so find out where I
feel like I am now and I feel like going
to remove the hair because it's like I
just can't figure out what kind of
hairstyle I want and stuff like that but
I know what I think the longest haircut
ever really had is having like you know
shaped head no real hair so I've decided
I'm going to shave my hair off oh my god
I just took an Instagram of Jonathan
with Amelia and just made this drastic
change with his hair and he looks so
like her like people have setup before
and I'm kind of like yeah I know it
looks so good on him what do you think
huh you need to be lit better though
sorry for this reveal anybody yeah
twinsies but seriously look you guys
have the same hair line as well it's so
funny I need to get a blue bow so people
don't get us mixed up yeah blood which
one's the baby
which one's the baby you look so good
with short hair oh thanks
I used to always happen when we first
met I was like this thanks cuz I'll be
we're not recognize you oh his bow is
connect so are we gonna take them out
because
the thing
you think it'll I
it's that no no I thought that was
anything because we're a classroom or
not I think civil unrest they will come
and defend us hi little buddy
hi little buddy I'm going a little
adventure huh you're like half asleep
here you want to go on an adventure
pitch time Oh stretch it out there
stretch it out there stretch it out does
it stretch that yeah let's go this game
again huh oh yeah oh elevators I don't
know
yeah this this is the one for select
I'll grab different
it kind of rocks a bit though literal
gravelly situation here I don't even
know anyone I hate the official st.
Patrick's that's why I shake my middle
name guys tomorrow is my day my Saints
Day Christopher because my initial
initials are PC so like when I used to
work in like IT in something like PC is
my middle name
I'm just traditional irish gaeilge oh we
missed a week we speak Irish
what's that week I think it just passed
so to speak the egg which I did my part
do your part Emilia well here's the Sun
I was looking for a fella goes
misrepresented it was told me was sunny
they were gonna send the license on me
oh cool look the menu in the left wing
did the list restaurant lift restaurant
you get your menu here the waiters just
got a pop here with the food as soon as
you ordered which says it's gonna open
so it's the lid when you cancel he's
actually in the shape of a bunny what
are they faking over there making
something is it
oh yeah it's so cute I think I get me
man through you want a bunny at one time
what do you reckon now would you chew on
it you'd have to wear a bib that day
yeah it's gorgeous
wait though to like the week before the
wedding just to see what size she is I
didn't know Ralph Lauren had like a
baby's actually oh yeah it's probably
wearing this look at this little thing
it's got like duffels in it and stuff oh
it's so cute you like that you like that
yeah that's your goal size definian sir
- your inspiration clothes you know your
people always like Twitpic tough in that
hilarious
is it yeah that's what I thought it
though you get a fever
700 years of waiting finally got a table
and table place
our invention would give you an iPhone
but unfortunately you broke mom's iPhone
yeah drool got into the circuit board so
now you know Anna's button and this
button here doesn't work anymore my
toffee go
do you see that smiley face on this one
earth is pink you are just grabbing
everything want this look I'll let you
grab it
don't use a blender
oh yeah the baby pink it's kind of cuter
okay okay okay I've been in a lot of
changing table rooms this is a you know
turned around Thomas changing area there
is a couch a sweet the changing suite oh
it's allocated for feeding station Oh
cuz I was like very fancy no it's kind
of nice if they do that now in the room
is there like a newspaper in a TV um
he's changing whom he's changing him who
seems you do huh
then look uh squidgy that's Butchie he's
there's good G situation okay um gone
what will change it will wait but anyone
needs me I'll be in here reading the
brown Thomas menswear spring catalog of
2013 why brain is a big deal
look seriously why beige is the big deal
no way I love things color
it's just neutral and stuff right yeah
and if these clients am I'm a new I'm a
neutral kinda guy I'm neutral
I'm a neutralist spit and polish shoes
for spring check out my shoes guys were
my boots today cuz these books are made
for walking he's Alex and he's three
years old all right
hey buddy we hiding over here huh mom's
over there and the makeup
the Mac place whether we don't know huh
we're hanging here by the window aren't
we so we can see ad huh we don't have
any business here
walking in the middle of five to
extremes
I'll even notice was here right I know
where do we burn oh good we parked
Alexei place I wanted to come up cuz we
would actually ended up walking through
here pulled pork row with all the
trimmings and Devon the body turns off
Emma was looking for a dad
she's tired
yeah live this gives enemy comment those
if you actually are always the lights
orange wait no we gotta wait we gotta
wait what are you doing oh my god
regular lights breaking the lights let's
make an advance or something
it's coming this way it's actually
coming this way I know I didn't realize
that's gonna happen okay do not spit
that on my baby don't think you need
look what are you
for the back mount
we
get it looking for their barbecues and
stuff so good it's like charcoal and
beef in a concert okay guys hungry
is it media's first contract
the Green Man
thank you can she look tough on espresso
dog
what's the cappuccino one that you have
I know this might look cinnamon coffee
vanilla coffee this place here is lovely
we should go here for lunch where the
hell are we
custom Pau so like you said in the
comments when I was joking you today
like you should do a tour around
corporate an interactive tour land port
hosted by
no way we didn't go up this high almost
b1 lower now there we go you know
it doesn't look all maybe it's under
here one hour
point seven did you know press four
boys not walk there
jeez keep on truckin
here we go for then I think it's one
down from four
ah there she is where's your sister
where's your the human sister we fed put
up I think she looks like a little chef
let me just get my ingredients that it
is like tiebreaker I need to get this
into my marriage mmm that is my goal in
life Maria Amalia turn this video a
thumbs up hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
