our tomorrow's Tomatoes escaped
so the whole house is asleep and I'm
gonna it's 8 o'clock I'm gonna do my
walk before everybody gets up because I
think the dogs like it early on it's a
really nice day again so I wanted to
show you guys because a lot of you asked
me want my like walk walking attire kind
of outfit was so I basically helped my
studies that you're really cheapo ones
these are not like designer shades or
anything these are just from Oasis
they're really old I've got my little
like headbands and yeah like keeps your
ears warm but it doesn't kind of give
you hot hair so I like that this is I
think from monsoon accessorized I have
my scarf which is just a wool scarf from
soaked in luxury I've got this jacket
which is from brush gets really old I
found him brand hoodie gap kind of like
sportswear shirt thingy long sleeve
t-shirt my leggings are holding them gap
leggings my hunter boots and the sock
inserts to keep me warm and then I wear
my gloves as well slick layer layer
layer because it's really cold out there
I've decided I think I might make this
part of our regular routine because I
think the dogs prefer it I think I'm
just gonna get up like an hour or like
an hour and
say earlier than I usually do and just
walk the dogs then and that way thread
it away they definitely get their walk
everyday cuz sometimes you know just
like life gets in the way and then I
always end up feeling really bad for
them if they don't get walked so yeah I
think they will really enjoy this and
know that the weather is kind of
brightening off it's just nicer you know
obviously when it rains it's really hard
to do this but so far for the last
couple days it's been really really nice
it so I'm gonna do this and it's good
for me too for exercise reasons
obviously and it makes me feel a lot
better afterwards
so I've never been like a gym person you
know I'm just not into it but this I I
love walking like that's like my form of
exercise so she's having pair with baby
rice breakfast slash one's lunch right
brunch
yeah exactly we didn't even blow on it I
don't think it's hot anymore though and
look I even matched her spoon because
it's pear I made it greens I'm so clever
crazy Me's oh it's absolutely lovely No
thank you thank you very much thank you
very much I tried all these different
hairstyles right and exercise and I just
keep coming back to the fact that I like
having bacon
I like having big hair you know I like
havin crazy big hey you know let's just
I want like big hair fancy clothes it's
like it's never gonna end
sounds like what I just let's try the
fruit the again you know because German
ask somebody to do it like yeah I was
like I was like obese I was obese I was
a disgusting look at me now look at this
we're never obese
look at this I'm the physique I am I am
the epic be the thing epitome epitome of
ahh so I'm like let's bring back through
focus I know I miss having like big goof
that's Michael Buckley anything now I
just miss him unlike bigger hair so I'm
gonna try out some proper gonna try it
we're gonna bring it for test drive bear
you don't fighting is like fun and all
I'm like I don't know I don't know you
know I just prefer having crazier hair
alright let's go in there
let's go work some work some party cause
would you like this yeah
smoothie that's good that's good Eve was
he as he was he was he fuzzy wuzzy was a
bear fuzzy wuzzy was a bear look at this
see that that is poop I have no idea had
the bird managed to get the poop look
like what angle what angle do you fire
that ash it's incredible he's like he's
like a sharpshooting poo bird
sharpshooting poober and i said anybody
maybe they had a back human's mates they
were doing they were doing drive-bys
they're like oh and it's like oh yeah
everybody fill them in town guys this is
town it's not very exciting that used to
be a cinema then it was not a cinema and
then there's an air combine beside her
focus beside another vine I used to be
in many different stores that was like
every single store in the world
so pepper pig bones
Peppa Pig pose let's do do do do say she
is here Aurelia MA
she's asleep awake ah that's so cool
don't you just gonna love them there for
like 12 to 18 months ago social actually
aw she get some use out of them hmm
that's cool
good tinkin Sarah this guy looks so
pretty though like the ship in it not
often is there actually ships in the
Cork harbour there is today little
tourism how about have a gander a cork
some stuff here that's what you did is
that what you did here yes that's where
Anna's going to be going to do her teri
test pretty soon
wouldn't it wouldn't you say yeah how's
that coming along
you haven't done anything since we said
so porno oh goodness week one Hey
to be honest I moved this CD that was
pretty good it was pretty good Hill but
I moved to CD I was trying to get the
majesty today and I moved the CD forward
so at least you can say the CD moved
sorry after where I poem yeah I tried to
save you put mom mom insists on
Bojangles mr. Bojangles that's your name
mr. Bojangles there we go let's go
beebeep what are you so lazy I mean have
to carry everything
you stole my baby I just thought like a
promotional advert for Capra's cream egg
or doing this like promotional campaign
if you bite into your cream egg and you
look around and there's no cream egg
cream egg there's no cream in it the egg
is the outside unders like you win at
titles in Euros class name wouldn't be
so annoyed at my pot of cream a gonna
fit into it and the goop wasn't there I
don't like it I was in Euros into an egg
maybe there's a thing in there I think
like you know like loads of 20 euro
notes like sports insider you so annoyed
you feel so unfulfilled you like yeah a
thousand euros but I feel so unfulfilled
what I want some goo yeah I want it I
want to lick goo I remember a drive by
passing cars and see if they have to
know take your last rose we asked for it
I never liked Osiris that's banned an
illegal little girl over there back
green shakes shamrock shakes
you understand my cake oh my god
McDonald's do a chicken Caesar salad you
know that is it good
you think Emilia I've never had a
chicken Caesar salad for my thoughts it
seems kind of weird even asking for it
but like no ignore everything mom and
that we're only doing this for the green
shakes so after all that we end up here
I think everywhere has to see the salad
but we just never knowed it
so you went through the bailiff irony to
get a bagel huh
we recognize that we just couldn't do it
it's a crime to crime of passion which
is legal in France you can have a crime
of passion I was passionate about is he
you did hang of it mm-hmm okay
this is chicken in Caesar salads Melia
have not got the concept of a mirror we
gave a trip because she was trying to
eat the table so what do I think I left
someone a limpet in the chicken but I'll
say it was really good I really enjoyed
it you know
no no I didn't expect it to me one of
these days I'm gonna make it season time
at home and you've just been distracted
by the greatest thing invented in life
this is it you just not this is my house
I want this house
it's like everything thing oh my I'll be
over here all right
there's a time and there's a time in the
life when you need to get pots and pans
and I think we have reached that time
ground floor
welcome to the ground floor they make a
box they can make a palette for the
movie
yeah actually thought it was a CD a DVD
cover or something oh wow I think so
much fun this is like the best time I've
ever had in my life
whoo he's been a rat he's been such a
brat who is yes the law together if we
had to walk thank you thank you go
Mendel's have you lost your mind if you
lost your mind
yeah hope you gone mental
have you gone mental mom's over there
testing things out so for a driver we
will not toast work for your communion
or baptism so cute look at it is it is
that a sign so we tell it to do it hmm
what do you think what do you think good
choice
means we have to get home boom first
common ve of e let's go let's go
hey taken to go oh Lisa Bret sarahott
since there are sudden tonight peaches
tree survivors Tomatoes escaped
authorization error why is there
authorization I don't know Slim Jim
well you'd marry my physique yeah you
know Pamela fabulous we got this did you
show this already
no yeah it's a newbie nibbler fill with
ice or frozen fruit and it's a perfect
either or you can just put veggies fruit
in there you might give her some later
like a little piece of an apple or
something because she can't choke on the
time
so now I'm just you mushing if you put a
pole of motion there no no no just like
an actual slice of apple or you can put
frozen fruit too yeah maybe maybe motion
some banana you don't have your banana
and you use your hot breakfast Russia
hasn't happen either yet though maybe
I'll do it like tomorrow or day after
tomorrow instead what you think yeah
exactly
Saturday or Sunday weekend that's mommy
monday about what a torment a trying to
reach the dinner huh we're all sitting
together we're all gonna sit down to
dinner together what do you reckon on
that huh all right
it's a rub-a-dub-dub thank you Joe fee
for thy grub lashes I love what you've
done there I hope it you've done there
you gonna rub it all over your face
you gonna rub it all over your face
she's probably like gulping and stuff I
doubt she's probably munching if you
listen you in here to big gulp why are
you doing this
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
