you gonna eat that yourself yeah what
are you gonna do what are you gonna do
you gonna do
hey buddy just you and me huh that's
gonna make some breakfast because Mama's
not walking the dogs well look at them
all there already look circling they
just kind of wait by the door
who's next huh whose turn is it next oh
goodness I needed a bit of a lie-in
today so I'm making coffee for jofi and
pear and baby rights for Amelia that's
shorter pear tart okay oh my goodness
and I realize how hard it was gonna be
Oh God Oh done alright we've added two
pair No Jackie's in whoops
turn it again all aboard
Eddie you ready for some breakfast Oh
put it go fast oh no no no don't be
grabbing things I saw yesterday what you
did all right
coffee for dad because he needs it now
it's a fruit one today he decided for
some fruit come on come come closer man
look at this look at this huh you gonna
eat that yourself oh yeah what are you
gonna do what are you gonna do you're
gonna do okay okay okay okay okay all
right
no I'll take care of the bowl part right
open up open up open
mm what did I get
I know that made it today how do you
reckon this fares you know like is it on
par with mom's version of the same meal
would you say it's better than mom's
version of the same meal or is it worse
what do you think touch the spoon if you
like it mmm wait wait ah she's gonna
taste this food I try to call it the try
it I try to manipulate my child into
saying into giving a false statement
were you gonna give a false statement
oh come here come on come on ah good
girl hmm
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum yo yeah this is what
we went with in the end how cute is she
huh so cute you may notice the spoon
here yeah during the photo shoot there
was an issue with the spoon and it
created this kind of an issue here huh
but it was all worth it for a cute
picture huh it's always worth it for a
cute picture yeah and it just gave me
just like oh we didn't use the bib
option we never even thought of using a
pair did we I don't know I don't know I
didn't even like think I won't use the
babe I just never even taught and
everything came into my mind did it put
a bib on I didn't actually think you
were going to make I didn't think it was
gonna get down here on to the trip trap
all over the table all over here all
over my arm it really does get
everywhere doesn't it so we're going to
jelly
to get the trip-trap insert part here's
some Damien you have enough one time
I'll go around I don't fit just a little
bit bigger early so yeah and maybe we'll
pick up a few boob tops will see it so
you just found a toy but I think is
really similar to what Erica
my sister Erica had when she was little
this one here I remember the three pinks
and the wolf that's so cute
so all I found Amelia's outfit for her
birthday
cow horse look get that for Emma
I feel a slight new summertime ish
somebody put his window up everybody
know up under the summertime ask oh my
god
total FML situation here guys I went to
Tesco I filled the basket okay with all
the stuff that we needed
I walked up that I always go to the
self-service tank God when his
self-service scanner all true then
realized I had no money no cards nothing
on me and I was like on oh my god
because they didn't go out to go to
Tesco I went out to do something else
then it was like an afterthought and I
nicked over there and I was going oh my
god so I am I pretended I got a call I
picked up the basket I was like oh yeah
yeah okay cool you know and I walked
over to where it was like there's some
crates and I just like put the basket
there and pretended I was just oh yeah
yeah and they call as the door into the
car I back home here now I have found
the card I'm gonna go back to Tesco
right and I'm gonna see if my basket is
still there so this is what we're
getting over here it's called it's
actually called a handy set I was
calling it the trip trap but it's not
the trip trap is the chair yeah is it
your hand isn't except for a ones house
now you can eat in alma's house too it's
got a harness and everything so we're
getting it in white um which I'm
actually really excited right I thought
cuz it's really cool okay let's see your
bag that's it
it's the latter
still there's a blood spot that I left
it when her lying to state therefore to
become and that's ever happened to you
look what jellybeans gave us for me she
saw me looking at this it's got a little
blankie oh so cute for Amelia thank you
so much bye don't drop it on the floor
now otherwise I'll have to
otherwise I'll have to
like that good girl
you Chewie you're such a big girl
good girl if you like that even more
than your mushy food here comes the gang
here comes the gang I'm tickling her
with her not the open hair is so gross
today guys I'm really sorry it's like I
just know what's wrong with it I think
it's good I brushed it out but I brushed
it like after putting product and I
don't know I just did it wrong so I'm
aware that looks like crap anyways so um
we're changing her not be in alma's hair
listen this is new hat no that's a view
and she just met my neighbor and her
daughter and well she'd met my neighbor
before Michelle met her daughter yet and
she really liked her I think she might
be kind of getting over her little
stranger anxiety thing so that's good
because she's actually liking meeting
new people now I'm not sure how this
thing is supposed to work
I'm not even sure what the trigger is
supposed to do because it does that we
let the seed out so I guess I pour all
this stuff in here um yeah that's what I
want that's what I want you see look
it's like that's what we have from this
to this oh why why have you got the
shivers and shakes why have you got the
shivers and shakes where's your pole
where's your bow no one's gonna know
it's you Albie unless you have a bow in
mmm Little Bo Peep yeah it looks cool
isn't it is all my like grass seed stuff
my nail thing
it's be like like robotic arm
whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo okay well I'm just
changing the chasey mode oh here we go
this is it
top fighting games among them so and all
the boxes okay all right here it's
prettier that's it dude okay let's go
back
look guys Amelia's in her handy set
isn't it cute it's so cute
actually um mommy make but an error
because I think what I did was see
you're supposed to fasten that like
twist these in here oh I wasn't joining
those your twist these in here
oh my making some carrot but I forgot to
take off one of her like little shield
knees the like gummy things and it got
stuck in the hole in there on the other
side so this screw won't go in now so
then I need to get Lego tweezers and try
and take it out what's that yeah she had
a little
she was a little cranky before but now
she's fine and she got these he's got
hoarsely and she got her present from
jelly bean and Peppa Pig and now she's
gonna have some num nums that's their
first time having carrot this is
distracting her I do okay go on do what
you did before it's so funny she act all
surprised when the water like trips into
her mouth it's like she just had some
carrot as well and she liked it good
girls she got something good so far like
I've got pretty good coverage I've
already used opportunities this is a
third one now you can definitely see
that a little coverage yeah if you kind
of just like spreads like this it's kind
of hard to do it oh yeah hopefully this
is a tricky use the hose dad
good luck no we're just gonna wet it
come see that kind of a brownie look
compared to c28 is there we're just
gonna sort of wash it down and she got a
nice brownie bar yeah all right the
whole garden to do this might take a
while
hi you playing with Peppa she loves this
it's worked out really well we're gonna
drop her on the floor
don't drop me me here I don't want to be
dropped boys who would to be dropped
she's in such a good mood right now
um I just got her 4c as well Wow
oh my god it's so funny so she didn't
like remember I was telling that guy was
telling you or not was on the vlog shiri
didn't like Oreo my mom's one of my
mom's cats and she's black and white and
she like came she walked past her and
she got really upset remember it was on
the floor
well I held up a little toy Panda to her
and she got upset like she she kind of
got afraid so I think she has a thing
about black and white toys I don't know
it's really we are not toys back and
white things objects or like animals I'm
not sure it's really weird so you don't
like pandas for some reason or black and
white cats hmm what will we do about
that wow that was quick the concave is
over so a new pope has been elected I'm
just spoiler alert it wasn't me and it
wasn't Alby that's all I'm gonna say it
might be Bianca that just that's it I'm
not gonna I don't ruin anything for you
guys
chicken and Lloyd Lloyd are you in here
Lloyd Lloyd hello Jonathan our our I
have not seen him in a while
between cooking with different varieties
would come back back once again for the
renegade master L for the fantastic G
for the drastic yeah
so we're making some chicken in it some
green tight curry sauce which has some
stuff in there lemongrass coriander and
some sort of thing in there we've got
some whole wheat noodles and tonight I
think we're going to go with them
Asian stir-fry vegetables YUM well let
that just sounds like a root give them a
good time
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
