how'd you mess up Apple like Apple it's
one ingredient and water don't you mess
that up
what the hell it weren't
go away baba ba-ba-ba-ba it's Monday I
will doing this fantastic Monday morning
whoa
it's actually quite nice here apparently
it's snowing in Dublin I love to drive
in here every morning and it's like it's
all like peaceful and Islands up what do
Miku view in a driveway like this into
your actual house wouldn't that be so
cool let's just put that in a dream on
it there we go we just say I just
attached that to the dream list having a
driveway with like trees and everything
coming up to my house it's on the dream
list that's it's been attached to the
dream list you have a dream list as a
constant reminder to yourself should
have a list of things that you want to
achieve all the time all we set out in
your mind that you're like constantly
progressing towards having those things
you're like you know achieving that
dream or taking those things off the
list you know you should totally do that
I get out all the time you know I got
like my my like 20-year plan my 10-year
plan and my 5-year once they go plan
it's not called a plan okay there was a
plan for like 2006 like go to college
and blah blah blah but this is more like
goals you know what I wear I would like
to see myself in like in five years
where I'd like to see myself in ten
years where they said were 20 years and
stuff like that you know but like each
time I'm always progressing towards
achieving those things so I'm never like
I never feel like I'm static although
when I'm you know in the process of
moving you'll always feel static you
always feel like nothing's going on
because anything usually worth something
worth giving time to anything it that
you need that intrinsic motivation to
push you to do it it's normally going to
take a couple of months maybe a couple
of years and during that period of time
when you're in the middle of doing it
you know it seems like nothing's
happening oh my goodness Wow but then
you know when you pass through and you
achieve it then you look back and you
think like
just happened like that you know you're
you're listening to someone else's
motivational story or something like
that and it always seems like or you
watch television and you're watching
like a documentary of some guys in life
or something like that within 90 minutes
show and you think wow person did so
much and it was being so exciting and I
was like no now most of the time life is
boring and mundane you know he does have
that rolled punches she's taking the
dogs for a walk it is freezing it was
like snowing like I'm I don't know
should I bring a hat I should probably
bring a hat but then my hell we messed
up for whenever throw my video first one
problems but seriously and it's so cold
out it's like and I just cleaned up all
the poop which is disgusting but has to
be done so you take Sina and I'll be who
is in was his dad and Amelia's taking
her little Matt you gonna have an apple
you're gonna have an apple um oh yeah
yeah you're so cute you know that the
fun does actually begin at six months
even for the last week I've noticed you
Dave you guys have noticed that you
didn't into blogs more or even for the
last be high only for the last week or
so because she's just she's becoming
like a character in the blog you know
before she was just like an object
you know like tumor at the start the
Pope is like I'm really showing how much
because they weren't you know but now
look at them like they're such
characters like you know
and now Amelia is becoming like a
character in the show you know you so
much more fun
everybody is six months like over the
last week she's like woody become way
more aware of everything is that right
he's in there right you know right
you're amazing
that is directed every single one of you
because you're using just
it is snowing all day in court today
when it's like you wouldn't believe me
because it's not sticking it's like
somebody forgot it's like not sticky
someone forgot to attach the sticky tape
or something to the snow it's just like
just blowing around the place we're
going heavily blowing just it's not
sticky I want to sticky for ine please
I've got some apple on the go we're
having Apple today and it says on the am
i think it really art only supposed to
be like tiny taste
oh god this is hard crap
I was microwaved the wraps a little bit
so they don't get hurt but this one's
hard to like softly I mean anyways I
love you and next one day she's like oh
next Monday's bank holidays so hmm I
won't be around I was like my life is
over but she's coming out Wednesday
instead so that was nice that was nice
of Sandra looking good I really
recommend making your own baby food
because it's so satisfying like
everything you do is just so satisfying
like every mouthful that she takes I'm
like ah you know I don't know what it is
but I really like it I knew I would
really like it I just really enjoy it so
I already recommend it if you haven't
like weaned your baby yet or if you're
planning to you're trying to figure out
what you're gonna do I recommend making
your own I just think it's it's really
worthwhile and I hope to continue okay
so remember what I was saying just like
a few seconds ago if you want to just
erase that from your memory without me
right how'd you mess up Apple like Apple
it's one ingredient and water don't you
mess that up what the hell it weren't
let me taste some ah it's hot
yeah okay it's fine
so I'm still gonna use it but what the
hell and then my rap was crusty I try
even tried the water trick that you guys
told me about where you drip a few
drizzles of water on top and it softens
it then it was like hard as a rock so
I'm thinking that then I have burn marks
in it too so I'm like does this one that
jovis burnt and then put back in the
packet I bet it is I don't keep out it
is like seriously how do you mess up
Apple like oh and this poor child is
starving
of course yeah this is what your patient
because mom's ruins lies it seems huh
you turned out pretty okay looking so I
need to get you a bib are you safe I
hope so don't follow me so you can see
me can you guys see your little head oh
my god don't fall out of your trick trap
nice and like Apple and everything is
fine it's just like certain bed sheet
veggies and like grapes and things
you're not alone um see talks but
anyways we're being safe so you guys go
there dad but no heart attack when we
see this footage he's gonna be like you
gave me too much okay okay no oh me Liam
look at this you want a pink spoon let's
go at me you hate oh this is gonna be so
good cuz it's sweet yeah
mmm
oh she likes this one Oh
oh my goodness oh my god it's snowing oh
it's snowing outside Amelia it's snowing
oh don't mind our muddy garden it's not
actually anything - in case you think
that's poop or something it's not we
have like a waterlogged issue it's not
just our heads it's like every house
plus it's this area I think it's very
marshy like we just have a lot of mud
but once it stops raining and that kind
of thing and I'll probably go back to
normal
plus we got all this food feeds and
grass seed and everything to make it
look good again like hey you gave me
something really yummy then you ran away
oh yeah girl okay she read this is the
first time that I've seen her like
really I don't know I can just tell that
she really likes this one
like she's liked all of them but I just
feel like this is the one that I'm
getting the best like she's really going
for it huh big one you need to be
stopped
I'm gonna do what God tried to pull the
whole thing down with her hmm hmm I
think we're gonna do some a little bit
more of this or would you want to wait
for dad okay
I said let me let me have a go if you
reckon
girl what do you think of that huh she
braided a second up for a while is a
yummy oh it's mushing in her mouth ha ha
why don't you are able to watch them up
into something wasn't it the snow might
actually stick oh my goodness it's not
for Albie it's not for Xena it's Nova
Jovi it doesn't say here that it's
outside temperature 1.6 it doesn't say
snowed oh I thought it gave it it said
Sun a little thing like this no oh my
goodness it's okay it's cold it's cold
icy it's cold you know what do you do
don't go in in come on it's freezing
come on okay you made your bed look at
me no look it's not yours right now huh
you have got the hang of it haven't you
look at you huh it's so cool she takes
it and take the bite of it
whoops - and their top and drops on the
ground here well all the dogs are
waiting around going like there's
something coming it's nearly time for
the droplets any aspiring girls
you like that you like the Liga you like
talika I think Cena likes the Liga - oh
it's so cute look at you eating it huh
you such a big girl
tio tio do not steal that look at him
that's all I mean yeah I protect your
food it'll be stolen from you now you
can bind your bangies whoa very dad
pushes ya trying to want one crazy go
okay what'd you do to get the crazy go
you should lift the swing up then you go
you have to get the height Oh
alright buddy
use that plane yeah alright gotta go
cook dinner time get your chick oh you
like my board guys I never really use
the Erica gave it to me
Erica gave it to me yeah all right let's
plop plop it in the property plop making
some pasta we're gonna make greens i
hurry but i got a request for my my
number one customer you know if you are
my number one customer how do you do
that doesn't automatically turn on the
smiles oh no oh no no I forgot to edit
the video but I did make some tasty
pasta with some tasty um dip with me if
you want some pasta and sauce don't
forget that person and dip with me
didn't quite work this is he busy by
right she's what JC probably take it's a
little monster
Oh
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
