I say it on camera on the vlog so that I
actually commit to it and I actually do
it because if I don't do it that way and
I've said it then I'll feel really bad
about it so
good morning and welcome to the fog but
we don't think persisting meal planner
I'm gonna shopping for Amelia we're
gonna shopping for you
we're gonna go shopping for you here are
you gonna eat that you can eat your
labels you like the labels ah she's such
a label people like the brand names a
label whore is it your label whore look
at you huh oh look the doggies are
pushing you pushing no no
glads lads lads and we're beige pants
all right no no no no no no back away
from me all right I love you no no no no
okay let's not get the little donkey
pause all right ah yeah you're too cute
you know hold on tight yeah look at you
huh what's that
oh sure you got shopping - shhh
she's like oh sweet potato I like your
picture of Albie you have here oh all
right I have like a trusty you know
we're going an adventure yeah anything
 it's probably gonna be a sleepy
adventure for you huh we're gonna
eventually go to Dublin next week oh
geez
Hajis Dublin you cozy little house eek
yeah I'll be here I'll be this one here
and I'll be able to see you and I'll say
hello Amelia Elsie hello Amelia how are
you doing Mike Barrett hello Amelia how
are you doing right there we lose a what
do you say we lose easy
hi dad that's our new house oh my god
love it I want to live in that
we could park anywhere it's not gonna
happen guys he's like it's like you know
like the most expensive things you ever
buy in your life are probably like a car
in a house well that is like combined
boom or we go when it is beautiful
and you guys ever hear of this
expression I think is hilarious right
cause skinny fat someone have to comment
on his video and her life all she's
skinny fat and I was like what the hell
is skinny fat is that like am i tall
small because I'm small but I'm tall
Jeremy like what the hell you Stevie in
fact it's like oh you're a black wife
what oh oh you're a big small huh
oh you're rich poor huh it's like you
can't just take two things that are
opposite to each other put them together
and go like that's what you are like
what but it's so insane everyday to get
people come up with like new ways to
demean people and they're like skinny
fat it's like what the hell is that
look guys like what we got from Mia six
she's six years old she's a baby brother
called Isaac he's ten years ten ten
weeks old and he cries a lot I live in
Bolton UK she's so cute Amenia
giving up yank a new phone with you Cena
and lbph they get their own beds they
get all the puppies in one bed yeah and
immediate that looks you used up all of
her little doggie stickers thanks Mia
hey guys like to think of my new look of
my people I'm blanking av Bebo stunner
the beach anyways yes I'm people stunner
this is from inside lilies or what's in
amis closet I think this is healthy both
Sooners rocket okay it's actually really
cute I think it's meant for a media
though I don't think it'll rocket like
maybe though I'm actually like bringing
the cards like I don't have the car set
see what happens I open the window I'm
all like this is I see see look look
brother 19 degrees
that's not much I open the window and
you're like don't run people like window
and I'm like English people stunning
people started behaving look what I
found look what I found
huh Thank You abul abbas a pool of us
all around thank you very much
huh check that out Armani coat me where
I wear Armani code we go one each baby
nice
well that is you're a mom now you need a
sensible one now Thunder that's flashing
extra skiing around oh that's nice so
there blue polka-dot one I needed come
on Oh a two-piece
well like now let's each want the shawl
but you're gonna put a melee and oh my
god how long away is it three months
maybe ten months four months is it we
but you're no Amelia Thomasina Zargon
usually when they are not when they are
nova mean no and that is cute
- incy wincy be honest like I don't
really know about this I think that's
just like like food if you're
breastfeeding if you're breastfeeding
it's kind of like you know like it's
like exactly exactly you get like you
know like the each eye on them exactly
when they're like oh yeah
it just changes things a little bit so I
don't know look at these six flip-flops
they're like cute kind of fancy ones
they're kind of cute
anyways I think I like the peanut but
the problem is they don't go up
why are you towering over me I need to
look kind of towering over you know the
problem is it doesn't for I'm like a now
and you use it for like little girls
they don't think they're for like
breastfeeding breastfeeding your feet or
no yeah I think they need to go
there's no ease these are all for you
got the whole outfit like the fold and
all I need it for the little girls
and like I like little girls but I like
I to be honest like this gingham imagine
is hurt so it's almost helped me special
shines of like it's close Z or early
bird or something like that where
everyone brings kids no they don't
like they're not well no they're not
good movie Madagascar I suppose
Sammy's Great Escape the hell is that
Francesca do it
that's opera baby in the corner Baby in
the corner
maybe in the corner today I baby in the
corner nobody puts Baby in the corner
baby in a corner what do you think
what are you doing jofi super slyness
guys they call me Linus
anyways so because it started the baby
weaning there wasn't really not prepared
with like ingredients and stuff so I'm
gonna hi
I'm like waiting on it and he makes the
couch was gone now with actually I
wasn't the first time actually fed it I
was just the first time I can film it
yeah as we kind of wanted to like trying
around and see if there's any sort of
reactions to it and they're supposed to
do like two days
baby rice and then the third day you do
like a root vegetable so that's what
she's having today yeah I need to buy it
and you got vegetables shopping you go
to the vegetable patch Jim shopping I'm
supposed to be playing on my friends
right now you're making me go shopping
it's hard when you have a baby you never
get time to do anything anymore you have
to schedule in and time to do things and
I had this had this like ideal five
o'clock time where we have to go bloody
shopping really cuz our brothers got
like two kids and all my friends have we
all have kids now since it's really hard
to find the time to ever like meet oh
but side oh yeah it you want to go but
that time I was like one of those like
oh I can my baby's feeding or sleeping
or something your wives are supposed to
look after the baby for us so we can
take all the Judy all right what do you
have to get
how much of the freshest of the freest
sport can be I say it on camera on the
vlog so that I actually commit to it and
I actually do it because if I don't do
it that way and I've said it then I'll
feel really bad about it
so it's March I still have not taken my
stupid old theory test that I need to
take before I learn to like get driving
lessons because nowhere will even give
you driving lessons unless you've taken
your test your theory test so I'm gonna
commit and I'm gonna say to you guys
that my goal for the next week so this
is Friday so next by next Friday I want
to take three practice tests every
single day for a week and see I'm not
gonna book my test I'm pretty sure if I
do that I'll probably be like confident
enough to take the test in a week but
I'm not gonna say it because I'm kind of
like oh what if I need another better
practice or something because I don't
want to like waste the money of taking
it and then failing I just think that's
stupid because that's kind of what I did
the last time I didn't really study
enough but I know that if I did three
practice tests a week for or a day for
every evening for a week I feel like I
probably would be ready then and then I
will hopefully be able to take the test
and actually pass so this is my
commitment to you guys three tests a day
for one week starting tonight and she
love when you're in a rush a Seabee
decides to you know glads gonna go for a
Donnell today in my 860 elite what's so
neat about that thing anyway
come on what well you're gonna be using
both huh why'd you make it there just
ice it face it with today sir can you
make it a day sir can you they see it
today Singh you would think that a dice
and dices things we knew him someone
said like what does the dice - do you
think it sucks things yeah right I'm
gonna make you it mom is using a cheese
knife when a dry potato no run though
what's up Emilia we all see that you're
here we all see you there no one's
ignoring you okay peel the bloody potato
properly step 1 you watching you taking
notes you're gonna be preparing your own
meals by next week drop it chop chop
chop chop and let's cover these over
we're all having to sweet potato for
dinner today my shirt right that's
probably enough head still go back in
drop back into the pot yeah oh I thought
we were matching it oh well it'll retain
its own moisture it's out guys here
huh what did someone say food you ready
why ah I got the feeder yesterday how
Peter saying this is sweet potato you
only ever had
aw geez here I'll take care of it okay
you get into text oh yeah excited you
should eat it and that means you want it
more you want so what do you think sweet
potato good things good things you know
you have to eat it it's too hard not to
make it up
oh I think she's actually eating it
though yeah yeah I don't want to eat it
you ready Amelia ready that ate some
come on huge oh come on no no no bring
it your face is so darn cute hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
