of all I have to read this entire novel
followed by this entire novel followed
by this entire novels like oh my
goodness but look what I made whoo it's
drip drop
it's trip chop its chip-chop it's drip
drop you a tripped up
oh my god no way I gave us such a fright
this morning she ran off and like
jonathon see they don't listen to
Jonathan as much as they listen to me
out listens to him but the puppies and
Cena listen to me and oh my god I saw it
happen live I saw her run off and
Jonathan went I'm coming I'm coming
and Jonathan run after him okay
stay and she wouldn't stay and she ran
all the way down basically doing the
walk which is what they would do but she
ran out in front of a car which skidded
to avoid her which is so dangerous and
Jonathan Jonathan caught up with her in
the end Anna oh my god he was so like he
was so upset I think we were both
terrified because pups aren't really
well I think she probably would have
saved but I was up here with Amelia and
I couldn't really do anything because I
couldn't even melee and like the rest
the dogs were in the car it was just a
mess but anyways thank God we have like
Nevaeh has a guardian angel or something
maybe it's Minnie
but um she's okay oh oh the fun
where are you keep the van extra wet
bath next week she got out wandering in
and she did the whole walk I can run
after the whole way in there yeah you
know 20 is damn there this little little
Becker here come here you look like it
should be
what did you do you guys have a good
time
I'm a hurry I put her in our bed Nikki
oh well I better not be on obviously but
she loves it she keeps like you know
she's like barring herself and all the
covers and she loves the feel obviously
against her skin look at this little
munchkin look if there's a one spin what
are you doing in there with your little
Mickey buddy what are you doing there
didn't a key buddy huh you like to feel
the feel of mommy and daddies go for the
caster's Ken oh oh you're so cute hey
we're gonna have to buy you a toothbrush
soon huh - brush you're too nice cuz
you've got to I needed little nails need
to be clipped and your fingernails is
because huh and guess what we're wearing
something pretty today
because grandma is coming and great
grandma is coming as well so we need to
get her in some cute little outfits
right yeah right um so I usually choose
to come to the gym around this time now
I know the gym is part of it a massive
hotel plays with homer and this time
because it's at the car parks empty and
it's quite quiet
hell I've at the park like all do it
back here and make a forest oh don't
bring our park you don't like way up
there by the gate
hi I'm pretty care who's your prettiest
girl in the world I'm gonna try and take
a picture so cute isn't phineas care in
the world
ha - yeah yeah good girl
so you under your ever of the day oh I
have to talk eh so you're wearing
everything's from mini club boots
um this corduroy dress yeah from auntie
Ruth and this came with it
um and then these are the shushie's this
is the first time she's wearing proper
shoes you proud and then her tights are
actually from Baby Gap I think and her
bow is from ladybug designs hey that's
my outfit of the day Oh see thanks for
watching bye oh yes like a beast that
was one hour I got a new album that Dad
this is music 83 I pulled up I cheese
this morning I was just like compilation
pop music it's pretty good there's a
couple of third songs in here like
scared CD one is really good for care it
makes me into u2 and it kept on like
super fire some super love Bella's so I
was like I gotta be in the middle like
you know to be looking for the extra
portion and it's like love song come on
and be like ah no waiting to get out get
up alright
right in the shower mommy's here not one
Oh close all right so I've gone out with
my mom my mom is in life because she
brought me out um to get food for later
cuz a friend of mine told me about this
place where you can go and get food kind
of like catered or like to take away but
it's nice dull like homemade and kind of
gourmet food and it's called go-go's and
we just saw it I've never been here
before
Oh car park
where it says in there and yeah oh I see
it small yeah so this is it and it looks
really good honestly I never thought I'd
use products but I do this thing here
right the video left you guys remember
we got em we got a couple of things from
L'Oreal Paris this one here to recharge
from moisturizer I use that I'll share
that in a second right but I also use
this thing and I was like oh my god it's
kind of like a Touche cloud but it's not
like cosmetics you know there's just
something in it it's sort of revitalizes
because you know like the black lines in
your eyes well it's like it's kind of
hereditary in sense like every one of my
family all guys my family have to like
the black lines and I'm always like so
jealous like even of Anna you know she's
like oh it's peak and it's gone I'm like
you always look so awake I was like I
wish through the way you could like
because I have like a really dark like
you know some people have like heavy
darkness some people don't obviously if
you're a woman you can just go ahead and
use makeup but as a guy I don't want to
use makeup so this thing is like really
good I've used it a couple of times and
I find I really really good you just
sort of like roller thing in the black
spot on your eye
that's essentially essentially hughster
does not burn but it is amazing almost I
must say like am i never what kind of
effects it has like I have been using it
for long enough to really see it but I
can definitely tell that it does lighten
up those dark spots on your eyes so if
you are a man and you are like so sick
and tired of always looking sick and
tired yeah you can just go ahead and get
this stuff that's actually really good
yeah I'm
Maltesers cheesecake oh my god no
the stuff that's really good so they
have chicken mushroom and bacon pie
I still forget like three things
have to be sure they don't know how much
this is really nicely
yeah it's place you don't know honest
family as much I think she likes I don't
know
a lot of people say me and then they say
Anna I think it looks like it really a
ciccone Julie you look like yourself
yeah yeah your will not say great
groundwater
hello your great-great-grandmother Oh
was it yeah oh she's so cute
you got a cheese yes you could keep
falling off I know they keep falling off
though shoes I have something for
Christian no disease yardages pure smile
a lot oh oh no a no a no LOL oh all the
time
what did grandma do what did grandma do
she's going to this stranger thing now
oh come here
Oh gonna go to mommy wood line but wanna
maybe she senses the phlebotomist Anil
don't bring me blood getting she getting
the a 6-month shot oh yeah the sick
someone is the big one three shots he's
come on
hmm crap mmm mom grandmom great grandmom
yeah so many moms
blah blah blah I was sent here to get
milk Oh
nope nope I got milk because we only
have like almond milk and brick milk and
B food milk and whenever crazy milks and
drinks
Mamo Mamo yeah we didn't share normal
share my mother those motors I mean ya
know who wouldn't call her that now
would be when it's just now itself is
Irish you see her grandmother but is it
also for great-grandmother well I don't
know but whenever she called her her her
other one is as OMA chairman
so it's or OMA the baby pass the parcel
with that the music playing will we will
be get the music playing all right
doodle doodle all right ease so we got a
call from the beams and the jellies that
our special device has has entered and
is available for us and we're super
excited but the same time I gotta click
the doggies so um well that's kind of an
that's my parking spot that guy took my
parking spot everyone oh you got a green
bow i'll be--i'll V&T oh hey everyone oh
goodness
Angus all right Stocki tripped up rookie
Tripp Tripp Stuckey Tripp Tripp being a
parent also is hard work but you also
have to have some serious carpentry
skills or something every time we buy
something for Amelia I have to build it
are they funny
I hate flat-pack things oh my goodness
first of all I have to read this entire
novel followed by this entire novel
followed by this entire novel it's like
oh my goodness but look what I made whoo
it's trip chop it strip chop it strip
shop it's drip chop you a trip chop you
a drip drop
you want a trip chop you wanna trip trap
trip trap trip trap
watch up drip drip drip drip drip you
want to drip drip drip drip drip drip
drip yep all right buddy you ready turns
out her pretty dress made
Tripta you ready yeah but wait will we
put it at the table okay like cuz you
know the way yeah
UNESCO knows we were asking like where
is the actual who showed the display and
where's the training it's like you don't
need a tray thing because this is your
train yep the idea is that she sits at
the table with everybody else
Oh Amelia look you're at the table with
everybody else
okay she's hungry so that's the problem
no oh your chair yeah oh look at you
straight for the gun I know what do you
think huh
there you go you're grown up now we need
to get you a cup and a saucer we have a
pepper big one and a nice 4 I get you
huh thank you can do this who's he who's
he he's a big girl at the table he's a
big girl at the table oh yeah so you can
set the head of the table the head of
the table
trip-trap and so couldn't it look at a
little bit hmm
hey but then you win some num num you
want some numbers in your Chum cups I
don't think those are kind of known ones
you have at the table
yeah discussion a boob yeah she's going
for it
look I was just taking an Instagram pic
and look shit she took the spoon you
know ha ha do but you got there it's you
get there you ready to feed yourself
what was that Oh inside huh you gonna
feed yourself some numbness you gonna
feed yourself some numbness Norway
num-nums
what is oh they ignore ways that was
wrong oh I thought of Swedish yum yum
yum yum yum yum num num num num de yes
thank you
you wish you're from Norway is that
where IKEA is from that's how to hear
Swedish she liked that spoon did speak
nor we just have to do things they don't
have the Saucony jollies what but they
could if the price is right
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
