oh you sleep on you sleepy
good morning friends and welcome to a
very exciting game well I don't know
every day is very exciting we're off but
all of the guys you what we've got
ourselves from bounce if you're a parent
struggling with lack of sleep I
recommend protein from bounce they put
the bounce in your step
we're also 40 minutes late
that's not bad you know or not what yeah
but we have to leave at 12:00 right oh
we could be 20 minutes late pending what
traffic's like so we'll see how it goes
but we're meeting at peeps that know
they know the game what are you doing I
don't know his work he's not like
working here
I mean he's a destination timing dress
I'm actually busy I kind of know
basically where it is I remember when I
was younger my parents took us all out
on a Sunday and I come from 4 so there
was four kids in the back and two
parents in the front in a five seater
car and going round corners never it'd
be like getting squished yeah I was I
wasn't I was a third child
so unfortunately myself my nose sister
in the yeah we always got the middle
ones we would never get a window that
was for the first and second child
that's the window and the window you
always go to our first kid are those
three of you yeah yeah you're always
gonna get a window of history of you
I write the middle one oh yeah no you're
always gonna get our window onto a
little hey leave comments if you're a
window child yeah yeah well we need to
get that I'm worms opiate oh I'm so
sleepy
I've never be more sleepy and it was all
going so well and we're really doing
good on time and now we've come to a
port a whole teeth shooting in a
motorbike can you get a seven-seater
water one quick update on our situation
like so myriad currently based on our
satellite navigation system it says
we're going to be turkey minutes later
17 turkey ministration arrival time
that's the right long time oh sorry yeah
well we just got an update from Carolina
and she said that Dom took a wrong turn
good job John I planned on that where we
gone
they're gonna be 15 minutes which gives
us a deficit of two minutes we've two
minutes to spare is that distraction
it's not helping no it's really annoying
not that I care no it's what we have
time matters we have more children
therefore we get the extra points they
booked so this is a sec this is the
second public we've had oh no it's a
third fifty-one with my mom on a castle
okay so we've done we've been in the UK
for years we've had three pub lunches
and two of them have been macaron stuff
all right we made it and we're not that
late well we are that may put down a two
so let's find out how late we ended up
being Eduardo try and ski chat here
living what if you got in your pocket
have you got no choice okay baby
might be a sand pit or something here
hey you don't keep that bright ledge or
the gorge coats or anything we just
carried him in yeah I didn't remind
hello hello just bear with me a moment
bear with me now a moment and we'll get
you all squared away young lady come
here to me give me that but that new
teacher all right are we ready ladies
and gentlemans
what are you ready for a pop lunch
okay just probably gonna be these weird
little things you know they're like a
little bit of pastry and you pour the
gravy into them what are they called
again
I don't know who Yorkshire puddings huh
okay I got some special parking when
they little cordon off careful careful
careful look at that no Castle crossroad
hands shoulders knees and toes knees and
toes there I just nicked up frame oh
three so do we just passed him in the
window we just passed him in the window
the kids all right let's go
mmm the Royal see you guys now please
consider the neighbors wait what okay
bye
that's it entrance let's try the
entrance go for it go for it we are so
we're at a pub oh sorry everyone did you
have for dinner
you had nothing for dinner oh my
goodness you eat all that
so we're gonna join musically must
happen to mean we're gonna be musically
people there no music nurse
what's this on your legs I am a gummy
bear
I'm just future self driving cars yeah I
just bring me home night
and I'm not worried about those two
they're fine
unless yelling it's five to five
so it's not ideal but she didn't get her
nap
towards nomination to the curator so
long as she doesn't sleep over two and a
half
three and a half hours during the day
then it's fine
yeah as long as she doesn't sleep past
three and a half our immediate example
as I watch a movie minutes I was
surprised she was the last was opposed
to she's like I want to go to bed when
you guys go to bed because that about
like last night was like half 10 11 I
know what you think it that's a lot for
us yeah everyone I remember a time when
we were in college and we would hear the
birds tweet outside and we think we
should probably go to bed
