dad hmm
Boise oh no he's gonna fall
hi little baby it's you do it what you
doing oh that's a fancy trick it's a
fancy trick I'm still here
I got a nappy nappy is actually and ran
the same length as you isn't it easy
like that huh it you changed my friend
money only on that aren't everything
inside out I don't know I just find out
like if you aren't things inside out
that when you turn them over they're
just like there aren't better than if
you aren't him the white way around you
end up a little like marks and stuff on
them I don't know maybe it's just me you
know is it just me how do you earn
things Nene's like intend to keep it
that way
hate that you know and you know there's
like a spot in the road with like loads
of potholes there's a spot just there
and it's like full of potholes then your
lives around here you know what I'm
talking about it's like they fill it in
with like this cheap ash valve ash I was
like it's like tarmac but it's like a
cheaper tarmac um good enough because I
used to work on the roads back in the
day I think I was about zones that I
think I was like I was like just after
school
I used to do that used to like lay like
tarmac on the roads what we do is that
you you dig out the road and then you
use the rapid flatter and then you kind
of bore it out and you put ash fell down
for a few weeks it sort of just make
sure that the structure the road or work
and any layout and they need to lay
tarmac tarmac is more permanent but this
stuff is like they keep putting it up
there but they never put the tarmac up
but it's like aa little every time I go
over it you know I'm like oh you just
fix it she'll just fix it all right guy
like I always think got a so funny going
for my walk in like a trench coat and
then like my rudders it's like a weirdo
anyways so I'm doing a B and C now first
I thought it was gonna be a more yucky
day but it's like seeing all this bodies
I thought so he has in here with dad you
gonna sleep oh no no no that's it uh-huh
it's good we did the top things thinking
there
yeah but then look at my shoes look so
glamorous then is like oh you're wearing
runners okay so I'm gonna go now that
he's in my first two I'll be in C knees
and oh it's so gross so like gray and
Oakley and today I mean I guess some
people like this whether it's like here
whatever what I don't I think it's
really depressing
lasya wasn't even gonna tape but then
it's not actually raining so
by taking the bed these are my second
two teal and Nevaeh these are always the
fastest of all of the groups and these
are my last two we got a little bit
delayed edge wait for Josephus they took
Wade get something so um these two poor
Bianca thought she was never getting a
walk Oh Bianca she got caught in a
bramble crap hold on have you seen her
muffin man the muffin man the muffin man
have you seen the muffin man
he lives on Tru brie Hill well this
muffin man he has a plan mmm you're so
cute
hey yeah Hey look at all those people
huh hi there what are you sitting at
your table yeah or is it sitting on your
bed huh what's that behind you what's
that behind him huh he's dead
you said get out of your way I can't see
oh my goodness
no bra we are going dude literally the
most exciting thing in our lives
literally the best day ever
yeah we're gonna pick up a trip trip
Chris his name is Chris who's Oh Chris
oh yeah yeah something up the comment is
like Chris I was like Dexter boy boy she
was like crossing on this ever crossing
but then she went like look she's going
in like in trophy she didn't stay at oh
she didn't
oh god whoa whoa
I wasn't saying caught on camera we
should set it's one of those heroes
Conan can you notice police charters
camera shows it is driving dangerously
easy so we're gonna pick up the trip
trap trip trip trip trip trip so excited
 said another step towards losing
weaning and food independence feeding
independence the next should have a
teachers like I'm a I'm an independent
feeder and independent feeder of means
all the crazy drivers right today what
happens when she's one well I know cuz
like intend on breastfeeding oh yeah
yeah yeah no six months and breastfeed
only and then the next six months
breastfeed plus yeah
mush yeah and then eventually look the
pink car yeah that's the one
that's the pinger I don't want to paint
the car she's never she bossy if I get
her a pink car she would learn to drive
oh no could you think another night
you're gonna be we bite aren't you okay
oh geez that mean we can leave you on
the couch no more on the floor look see
the baby pretty expensive for a pillow
glorified pillow well then we're getting
this Lou
dad hmm
you know Rosie oh no he's gonna fall
tracking the hell oh really
what oh she's such nice things like for
summer you know like cuz I won more in
Sorrento and I used to wear these I used
to
I do wear little like tank dresses like
that and I just think cuz I'm gonna
still be breastfeeding are we so nice to
have like a black one little blue one
you always any light colors oak is gonna
be hot hot to trot I know but I did wear
black when I was there
um and I love this dress
but I'm not gonna go neitsch you know
when I was a kid in discos we used to go
to love with the girls in Hornby's
he's access oh you have such nice bronze
as well oh that's like underwire well
it's not no it's actually not but
there's like boning or say boning yeah
I've heard about the boning mm we're so
excited
my life is over my days road is very
robotic I was like I am here to finger
my chip shop ah it doesn't mean till
tomorrow
no it's because it's coming from Germany
I don't care
the Germans are supposed to be efficient
all right they said today at last Monday
mm-hmm well it's probably in Arlen now
and know what it is oh man it sucks buns
though I was like he's so excited to
have that today I was like oh my god
we've dinner tonight she's gonna be on a
trip trap
we don't have it out so mean what I'm
not I just saw it is this a minute ago
really yeah they're right oh I said I'll
just go home
I need a chicken burger or maybe an
entire chicken and the burger chicken
yawns Ciccone and Jake Jake Jake Oney
Jake Jake Jake Oni and I can make a song
about anything right whoa oh oh
Bianca come here for little Bianca it's
got a boo-boo
not right now right everyone's favorite
little Bianca is coming to the vets
we're going in about 45 minutes we have
an appointment because I don't know if I
can even show you guys but it's like
everybody else were covered really well
from the the neutering what porn L
behind cap I don't know what it is like
it was fine but then Oh
I am like that right now Shh
Shh like you know it's like I don't know
it's like swollen open stuff so just in
case it's infected right and that I'm
gonna bring it to the vets mommy's not
coming because mommy is an emotional
mess when we go to the vet is that right
yeah she can't handle it
she'll be crying the whole way there oh
poor little behind cat huh
poor nope Yankees huh they don't really
know if dad you thought of me fights
right I don't I don't
oh it's okay like it is she didn't
really like look she seems fine you know
it's just them I don't know what it is
like yeah like a growth or something I
don't know what maybe from the surgery
could have got infected I'm not really
sure oh you see you know guys those
Twitter accounts which are like popping
up like mad fire that's not myself a
Nana we have nothing to do with those
Twitter accounts I just think they're
hilarious
you know I don't know who's running them
the Bianca one is that was the first one
to come up on them slowly and in the
Anna was a nurse like all just I have to
follow them all because they're by
pokies when when they tweet if you read
them you have to read them in like their
voices you know and if you don't know
their voices go to the M the interview
you know the behind the scenes puppies
react the Harlem shake Fame and I'll
give you an idea of what they sound like
and then read the tweets like that not
right now how you do it oh don't be
chivalry we're back we're back we're
back and guess what she has a sub
subcutaneous rupture um sounds bad but
he was like nope he says don't worry
about it
drop in Wednesday morning it's like an
in-and-out patient sort of procedure we
be okay v ANCA huh she's just terrified
because she's having her own and she's
like oh you know it's okay huh it's okay
I need to Betsy's oh she's trying to
like please keep me I'm not giving you
away or anything he's like do you still
have all the dogs I was like yep you
still have the baby
yep yes it does yes it does uh-huh um
yeah
I'll just I'll be in here if anyone
needs audio felt so Emma's last supper
look what she chose what is it again did
fish fennel a prompt friend land prawns
you like strong like fennel on prawns
what you doing are you just like what
the hell was that human is how it was
things you kind of got alright she's
fine yeah nice Oreo I don't think she
let me go get her
what are you horny huh
Nikki there's no one my friend anymore
Ricky oh goodness
Mario what are you doing up there what
are you doing up there huh huh yeah even
looseness give another SnipSnap SnipSnap
look I'm not the enemy
please don't bite my fingers off I need
them for future for future purposes and
you guys in Sweden or Finland or
swimming fierce winland something like
this is cool you wanna you wanna learn
Swedish man Finn yeah well they're in
Swedish but no sure saying I think that
cartoons you should really listen to it
anyway so they look pretty funny and you
guys know these Moomins they're quick
you know no I don't know them I do do
you yeah yeah dirty translated in
English know we're different when I was
little my watch Bosco yeah and nothing
is better than Bosco okay
did a magic door do you want to go
inside the magic door that's not all
fashions
no on a midnight adventure in Tesco wait
look gingers any child parking Oh
actually mean is we have to walk like
that I hold your hand and you without
making contact with the stroller which
has a sort of a levitate is that a head
a little bit at the top is that it fagor
get back here it's my mom and my
grandmother what you guys never met my
grandmother before but she's coming down
the court mammal
point that Easter Oh what growing his
head in our farm you guys remember that
we're the farm but am the asset she's
coming into court you see Amelia and you
can't no no it's a what your are your
your motor replacement is that what
you're saying
wait I have no idea it's confusing it
doesn't say white day it's his mother's
day you can't try and double chop so
anyway yeah so she's coming up tomorrow
but it's wonder staying Sunday so I'm
like she we got her a card now for
understand Sunday of course I'm like oh
who wants cards but then and I thought
like yeah we should so and the matters
like this I just go over Anna says okay
drama ones
this is Amelia's great-grandmother huh
you gonna meet your great-grandmother
huh she's my only living grandparent see
that's sad
huh hey isn't that yours as well your
grandmother's your only living
grandparents huh look at this is exactly
what you mean you see this activate
account do it very dear cheesecake is
his decides it's like a rattler it's all
like she did a little bit though
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
