what do you think that look good I hear
you should just give that back you just
eat everything knows you don't you just
eat everything
raw low low low low do you know what
that reminds me of you guys remember
crash test dummies ones there was his
boy who got into an accident and
couldn't come to school but word they
finally made him I used to love them oh
my god was there anyone like at
conversations with God I wasn't amazing
off there was just so good Ricky's over
the whole weekend
fun times you're gonna be watching The
Lying Game
um I feel one a little pretty little
liar wait a second
Pretty Little Liars The Lying Game
why are all these shows to do it lying I
waited here on Monday I failed miserably
for I stood a week I am failed she's so
exhausted and then I was like oh my god
Anna I ruined everything
you know Sencha hat I have nanos I was
Eve I was I was lying there this morning
I was thinking well I call it what I
called it a week and we just start on
Monday so maybe I should just go to gym
boom I'm here that's what happened and I
figured if I do like a double session
today to make up from yeah right yeah
right you're such a frakkin liar yes
he's a liar I'm gonna go Friday section
Friday's always are pretty empty in the
gym you ever notice that I always feel
like it's Friday I need to hook up some
new tunes as well I'm kind of bored I'm
not bored with it genes I have them use
the Linkin Park when I'm feeling like I
want some like you know kind of poppy
music something a bit more I'm gonna go
boom George did you I bought the heart
of shakes huh I've heard so many times I
was like what else happens in that song
you know I went onto iTunes I bought it
and I was like I need to know cuz it
can't just be a 30-second song right
there's got to be more to it so maybe
I'll stick that into it every time I've
been in the gym and every time it'll go
call on choco-loco
whatever the hell that says you know do
you get too cool alright you know and
then the minute it changes I like
jumping middle chair a bit like
while having headphones on so no one
else will know let's go back island
shake mofos maybe everyone the gym will
join in
alright that all this time look at me
alright Oh God
they're letting anybody join the gym
these days morning guys
so bit of a disaster going on right now
hi check it in there
hi oh look at you Dennis it boy ways
you're so cute no Judith teabag Nicky
eggs oh did you get little dudes bags in
the night did it grow in the night did
he go did he grow did they grow good
they yeah I'm trying to get everything
ready for when Erica comes and so I had
just put her in our bed and she had a
poo explosion so I had to change all the
sheets because it was too disgusting
like at first like sometimes you know if
it's like this much you're like okay
I'll just wipe that and wait till until
I wash the sheets which I usually wash
them on Sundays obviously today is
Friday but um so I was like oh well you
know no no way it was like so bad um it
actually leaked down onto thank God we
have we use those mattress protector
things so it didn't actually touch the
mattress but it took because this is
like a brand new mattress and everything
but anyway so um leak down onto the
mattress protector so both of those are
wrecked IMed of laundry detergent
because we usually do our grocery shop
like yesterday like on thursdays we
didn't do it yesterday because we didn't
have time to so we thought we'd do it
today but like i thought for sure this
you know I didn't think this would
happen and I thought it would be okay to
have like the morning where I didn't do
laundry because I have everything kind
of else up-to-date but no she went ahead
and did a fillip explosion on our bed so
I I've just decided I'm just gonna
change everything so I've been
instructing the table all the food from
the fridge now when we're talking about
all the food reeks are we talking about
our life the cabinets the sour cream
how much is all know sad hey mozzarella
balls
oink Simone what else what about the
cast a GUI Lulu my gloves is that prune
flavor yeah who it prunes me not me what
is it
yeah go on bring it bring it score
everything that's what you're gonna be
living on for next two days ha ha
the only reason I actually came and
collected Erica because I had your
sausage rolls no let go
they're mine it's sausage just roll tags
sausage roll tax they heard the salmon
was really go hideous alright we're
treating ourselves guys because look
could we also scored we haven't at this
an age OSIS morning which is my favorite
card like I do really like this one but
the problem is the morning grounders
just it's not available that's that's
why I was like I'm sick of you can only
buy it from quark cough doses or in the
market so that's why he gave up on it
and bought this one but I scored a pot
of mourning grounder don't know what
that is
you're so cute
scored some morning grad right so it I
took that out fully yeah so Eric and I
just filmed a ask Erica video which is
very nice purse dude oh yes be anything
when I asked Joe feet oh there was
questions about you there was bet you
there's eye-opening questions video that
I didn't even know before would you say
is it nice she says if they very
interesting don't say anything
cuz you have to watch the star wait to
see well I am the editor so maybe those
parts might be ending maybe it'll all
just beat know it's amazing coaching
Jonathan's amazing Jonathan is
absolutely a you know cut up yes I
but not really okay yeah I fed up today
good so fashionable on Friday go we
haven't seen it in a while folks at the
tallest building on planet Earth
the Elysium you know that Ricky's that
is tallest building ever created by man
I never mentioned it before I don't know
what he's talking about but seriously
since man cuz it's the dawn of mankind
the entire collective abilities came
together to create the Elysium okay
that's very noisy all right I'm trying
to blog here sorry excuse me
I'm very blocky that's that's very noisy
it's very inconsiderate of you to park
your big truck beside me some people huh
huh look at this it's not so cool oh my
god you so hot I love her who is that
love Michelle oh my god what's whitey
oh no that's a youtube name is Michelle
YouTube whitey what I don't understand
I just lovely just lovely all right
I need to figure a place and it's going
to like a some crazy house party some
out of sane
crazy remember that Facebook film or is
it the X project X project cork is
happening tonight project oh my god does
Joe stupid holding that book face legit
you guys oh we're trying to figure out
to get to the heads party
maybe we'll crash it huh I'll be all
dancing with the teens right Wow like
work
oh my goodness what is happening all the
brings are driving past oh hi buddy hi
buddy
automatic smile engaged so looking at
some cretonne Ian's mmm actual cupcakes
check has to be pink and have a cupcake
on it check because little thingies dear
Tooth Fairy that's for you you stay
there what oh look at these little ones
Tiger Lily
is that good isn't it these in the
office it's like wow that's oh you can
wrap her in it though yeah it's supposed
to be long elongated gonna wear
what do you think if I look gonna hear
should you just ring me that back
you just eat everything knows you don't
you just eat everything
giving monster who's the easy monster we
didn't he monster
it's so long no I remember I suppose off
saw she saw boys in my family I haven't
seen a girl that looks good I wasn't a
plan but it became the plan oh my
goodness the smell of popcorn from the
cinema is amazing it makes you want to
go to the cinema
um I'll programs ohm as mean sorrowful
isn't it the smell of the popcorn ever
heard of that yeah Erika yes you know
we're not ready for that are we
he's going to soon when I've Erika would
media oh yeah
you want to come to cinema - hey buddy
oh honey hey there what are you up to
what is that a date it was a case about
me
careful she's started robbing thing dude
okay it looks so cute look so cute give
me that okay you don't you do huh we
won't be long okay you know pt.2 so cute
huh yes you are what you watching me now
what you watching is your favorite
online web series is it I think she
likes looking at herself they exactly
our mom I think you just grab it I know
what you can think so what the cogs are
turning on that boy
I just sharted a action if you seen the
intro piece of esta la vie yeah now the
media oh you just get such a warm fuzzy
feeling when I meet is like laughing
like proper laughing and she's like
property laughing I just I know when she
laughs
I don't know what it is like if you have
a baby and they laugh you get that like
warm fuzzy feeling oh yeah
oh no somehow this coffee is gonna spill
no no guys in a serious accident here in
Casco I'm gonna show you okay if you're
a faint at heart or you know loser and I
don't watch clam here we go toasters no
we're trying to get a cereal for Erica
it's not hard to find out what cereals
would have because everyone has
different cereals for me they sure do
like we have those like album charge
thingies but then like she doesn't like
them so it's like how do you know leave
me a comment oh right let's everybody
leave comments on this cereal that they
have or what they have for breakfast I
have a cup of coffee and one of those
Alphin card things in the fruit one so
uh Nene's has coffee and the outcome not
one and it's gonna work so yeah leave me
comments and let me know what you guys
have
we can all look and everybody will get
ideas for different kinds of breakfast
hmm so this arrives today as well this
is the actual the other camera ii can i
can actually bought and you can see the
difference just open her up here
standard stuff standard stuff here it's
a little fella now so there we go
where's your other camera where's your
see the difference doll like it's a more
vibrant sort of pink feelings more
what kind of pink boy actually this body
type I think is nice like a thin it is
it's more like that it's much more
smaller and yeah and sneaker the
exercise 130 but this is only a 720p
camera where is that we film we film in
1080p now shouldn't mean y'all tell
1080p yah right now put this away have
dinner instead of get their bloody style
of video then collect Erica I don't know
how your parents with teenagers do it
it's just like non-stop oh my goodness
deal easy I'm at night I don't know I've
ever shown you guys the Elysium at night
oh my god I think you can actually get
to the moon that might be actually some
part of an elevator to the moon jokes
never get no never again
no you can see if you want for I believe
me it's never getting old oh my god the
building is green the building is green
seriously does anybody anybody else
notice the building is green what the
hell
seriously the building is green I'm
maybe it's just me maybe I broken the
got the little scream to me what else is
green I have to turn on it here hmm yeah
this is new is this new this new we're
gonna mount Owen oh yeah okay
auntie Erika undressed Amelia for the
first time now yeah Nikki well it's up
for your nappy she has it come yeah it's
the BCG injection from when she was
newborn so say thanks matey for who she
wishes
oh oh oh oh you are you me what he was
he was it oh we gave her some fun jela
cuz our little toots working hmm yeah
okay let's get ready human rolls of slap
little rolls our fellow hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
