Oh
hi there princess hi there hi there we
excited we're excited for Thursday
Thursday oh dear
everyone is wet oh dear oh there oh good
about the goats
how's your Tootsie's today huh yeah one
time almost ready
Bonjour look his-and-hers cuz I don't
like the apricot one and I have two
fruit what what is it raspberry apple
and raisin which is here apricot apple
and hazelnut what I do is that I make my
coffee I said on his own and I go inside
and second to work i man later on when I
come stands in the shower right now she
makes it hard and drops the pouch into
me
it's a process it's a process hey no it
was a big girl this morning yeah
Amelie I was watching Peppa Pig like on
her own but like that sounds stupid but
as in like she was reacting to it on her
own like we heard her giggling and like
screaming like but screaming in delight
like it was so cute huh yeah and the
puppies shred hit some post there's like
the place is just a disaster so I'm just
I'm just hanging about hmm
I'm hanging on to every word you say hey
I fan some hangers though in our little
junk room in there that's now not a
drunk room at all a job where you wants
to me I can't make a crazy plan for
organizer like um yeah but that's not my
plan for now so have another plan which
involves that or or yeah okay yeah see
some comments though if you guys go on
the ultimate plan I think it's best that
you've ever come up with your entire
life oh I was just it's just like it's
not that amazing not so it's just like
you know this um yeah but it's not just
this it's like at a hot yeah in home
storm or they have like um
classic plastic containers Justin and I
wanted to like organize everything like
as in take out everything like to get
the sugar take out the yeah and I use
the label maker you want to get into
this look at her she's so cute are you
I'll be edamame
I'm starting the show 45 okay okay okay
can I get getting any new I don't know
if you should leave her hair mom I don't
she's slightly shivering as well if I
feel pee oh my god seriously he just
like reached out early
yeah reached over and snifter hello
hello you sound horrible
maybe I'll go stay here forever I'll be
gonna love me because I'm attached to
you so fun it is he just knows if it's
like I love that yeah hello guess what
baby upstairs it's Marvin I take
language it was the best apprentice ever
I just wanted to tell you about the
skips without my dad but I have subdued
his head
I can't you figure it out by I'm payin
your head back and just start this alone
and this excuse me in the 50 apiece okay
I did I did a pedestal breast okay this
Metron so basically I was obsessed as
Martin and damn it tell us it was the
best day of my life ever my parents were
absolutely relieved because it was in
their beds Christmas first time in a
human beds Hindi where I was there first
time yeah
don't be a jerk to me delta p and
Miquelon lays your procedure 10 layers
ok that's because you peed the bad guys
funny things are not true
don't be listening to him bitch he's an
asset
here's another layer ok hi I can see
them so well huh did you want this we
went the camera she wants to eat it so
dofus Oh No he'll fold well it's not
really as much because I have everything
on the floor here so everything got kind
of all jumbled and oh now I have the
difficult task of trying to unjam bow
because the problem is that we get so
much stuff no no no no no newbies ah so
much stuff sent to our P o box which
were so grateful for but the thing is
that I haven't done a video in like 3 or
4 weeks I want to say like three weeks
and the stuff kind of got a bit jumbled
up so I'm trying to sort through it and
see what's what but the problem is that
now I'm confused as to who sent want and
that's not good because I don't want to
offend anybody or leave anybody out oh
my god is that in here yes it is oh this
makes so much more sense okay hey guys
you can play with this look
fetch um ok here is the stuff that I was
missing so this girl sent these and then
there's all of this stuff that we never
kind of like went through yet
but Papa papa buh-buh-buh-buh-buh so I'm
always trying to figure out ways to
better streamline the production that we
do here at Ciccone Jolie's industries
ecstatic about it so um for a while I've
been thinking about maybe them sort of
creating a cloud network within because
I work on about three or four different
computers I have my render farm which is
connected based on the land which is
local area network but it's not on a non
system and that's what I kind of want to
build as a non system which will allow
me to work on one computer and work on
like multiple computers but everything
will be cloud-based so I'm looking at a
10 terabyte nas system which I think
will be so much better than the way
we're working at the moment because it
allowed me to integrate at the Mac and
the PC at the same time my render farm
is built on Linux so it's just it's just
it's really difficult when you've got
multiple sort of operating systems and
you're trying to get them to work
together and they just they don't
understand so like UNIX is probably the
best I find for any any sort of render
work because it's like the minimal sort
of draw on a processor and GUI and stuff
like that and everyone's like what the
hell is you're talking about so I will
skip to my point I'm gonna build an odd
system and it's going to be epic
okay so Jonathan's at being cute right
now and we're at home but I just wanted
to show you guys whoops I just wanted to
show you guys something this is so cute
watch this okay talk to her Amelia
Amelia
hello who's that you're fighting yeah
what do I get you guys you get the
Crown's fee do we know and around them
would you like Ruth or do you think eyes
again listen who said oh sit down okay
oh she's gonna press end up Hey she's
pressing buttons and I thought she
pressed Eddie yeah she's gonna drop the
phone oh she's daddy Betty's in the
phone no way oh oh yeah do something
that'll make her laugh everyone in the
shop is looking at me like a
baby
oh I found it on shore I was double
tasking ah cute him uh-oh
except
oh he tried to a second ago and and said
it couldn't work and then it said except
you're one oh yeah yay oh now she's like
yeah there she's like ok is that Dad huh
look will I flip it around she can see
the shop hmm where's this amia where's
this luck huh I get daddy oh sorry
ok the dogs have gone insane
I love that job nor else I love and I'm
excited for tomorrow is March oh my god
tomorrow myself and I got married a year
ago legally in Ireland
if you watch in the show you know about
her American citizenship problem so yeah
we got my alley illegally legally and
Ireland a year ago but it was actually
on the leap year this is 29 in February
so do we have our wedding anniversary in
four years or do we have rather legal
when it will just release do something
legal we're like reminisce about signing
legal documents or the likes what's a
wedding
what don't money what don't I did I did
yeah what's so funny oh my goodness look
what you're doing to my thing my throat
wait wait wait I know things here look
juicy they're up now they're out now see
them crazy could you could you kiss you
kiss you loser cousin kazoo I don't have
the nails oh my god you suck you hon you
the pink camera check out mop hands off
my camera I have everything here I've
got my little minecrafting here
oh yeah oh yeah oh I bought a hose as
well who's it Oh Luke hostile onion
closer look that's fine even German she
looks like she's having a good time it's
gonna be me nick of time
yeah
the car oh geez you can check your
fluids it was on yeah we want your list
of things to do
Jake fluids oh yeah in blush French mmm
I hope this is the right one
oh yeah 17 17 nice I've got a big go
it's like two gigs so but oh my back
mm-hmm an hour setting up the cloud
service three billion devices work on
Java how exciting is that mom's outside
doing the poop pooper scooper
she's the pooper scooper all these right
here helping me out you helped me huh we
seem to cross right they seem to cross
wait you're working on her hair what do
you know oh you didn't Sudoku you doing
the hard one yeah well you reckon need
to get the numbers to work across huh
yeah that's so cute look at you air and
water
so some of you may know Eric is coming
to live with us but am I've just been
giving a list of chores okay drop me to
school collecting school drive me to my
house Mike drive with your hands my
chauffeur exactly then drive me to my
friends and then drive me to a
restaurant then collect me from that
restaurant and then do ice to drive the
school the next day oh my god what
happened to the media because of
teenager god I hope you're one of those
lazy teenagers it was nothing you
battery I'm not driving any football
club or something
Yeah right from here I haven't driven a
college it's nature's I actually really
matter driver I couldn't even put in
Reverse I was like and then the car cut
out cuz I was like was that you I was
like oh yeah you have to push in the
clutch I like forgot I couldn't change
gear but um yeah fun times
all right wait a second oh I turn the
car off I let's check out tires um just
give an old kick damn play seemed good
that's just
- down here - professional issues
because every time we come here I'm
older we're gonna wash with new we use
the window wipes or something oh yeah
this time I taught a head on a social
role let's check the oil
sorry my guru are actually bringing the
production value of this I must so
swallow something by didn't eat wash
policy for the shaky camera guy oh sorry
I'm not shaking it okay
plenty plenty plenty of oil what also is
a bonus sometimes when you're doing this
you see this if you like your beer in a
rush and you haven't got time to a smoky
eye
yeah just basically change your tires
and you set up like revolutionize makeup
thing gonna add large fries Big Mac and
a chicken Royale it's like two different
phases right where's the numbers - 800mg
echoes - eight oh it's important to say
that loud where they're doing it
807 please wait
code accepted
yes hey meanne do got a free cookie I
think so what a cookie a book
retarded
I know it worth doing
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be ah
