you can eat the food knock the menu
that's how it works I think you're
confused
gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme
oh my god I love my new camera thank you
so much to everybody who commented for
my new camera yeah because you guys are
the reason hi you wanna say thank you
and you know what it's really funny we
figured I thought um hi it's mommy in
the screen just watching me in the
screen so we figured as that album
Emilia makes the best like she smiles
the most for my pictures because I have
a pink phone but it's pink and it's got
cupcakes on it and I didn't even realize
this but when she looks at this like
when I'm taking the picture if you think
about it she's looking at the little
cupcakes smiling back at her
so look hi how you like my phone here
like the cupcakes you're like okay she's
not doing it now but okay I see she's
happy so she smiles the most from my
pictures because of that Jonathan's is
just like a boring old suede one she's
like whatever but with mine she smiles a
lot and like now we figured like with
this pink camera because it's pink and
not black or grey or silver or whatever
it's probably more engaging for her and
yeah in fact she would excited right now
it just keeps looking at it she's like
her eyes are glued to it okay seriously
not even joking
these glasses are cursed so I literally
just picked up my glass to drink from it
and I think I must have like tipped it
off something or I don't even know but
it felt like it exploded in my hand so
my glass of water just smashed into like
a million pieces and it's the same type
of glass as the one from before the one
that broke before but like look it broke
into like a million pieces so I need to
pay this off it's all wet as well
because there was water so in it are you
guys ready for
episode 2 part 1 it's a two-part program
yeah I was thinking what about jeans and
a hoodie oh my god this classic I'm not
trying to make my best friend sweater
please
look at your face look at your face look
at your face
huh huh hey buddy what's up buddy what's
up buddy
mm-hmm did you plan on doing today
dressing like mom that's gonna dress you
so might work out as long as you oh my
god so I just emptied out my back this
is how many lip products that's not
including lip balms there's a semi nude
lipsticks for my back could you know
those lipsticks for exactly and then I
wonder why I can never find the lipstick
that I want oh you need to UM roll them
up so you can see the legs straight
between I look really creepy in the
background filming I do look like a
creep all right creeper no well I'm not
old like you Oh watch TLC you're like
young and hip I remember somebody so I
just wanted to show you guys the chaos
that is our laundry room it was a lot
worse trust me um this is actually an
improvement so they're just few leaves
on the ground and locust assist the math
of the dog
you dope or the the dogs chewed up so do
you want to see the progress I've made
don't mind the mess behind me not really
so just to choke some things out
obviously that's going in the car
they're going out to my room do you want
to see okay so do and Missy has woken up
from her nap yeah yeah you've woken up
from your nap
this is your new game like to smother
yourself in these blankies huh
this morning she was like playing this
game which is really scary it's like not
even funny but she thinks it's fun
she'll like grab the pillow now at
nighttime like she doesn't sleep on a
pillow
obviously if she sleeps like kind of in
between us um or slightly I just have
like a system where I know that she's
safe oh my god this is really annoying
there's something in my eye
but anyways um she was doing this like
afterwards when I had after I've gotten
out of the bed because obviously usually
obviously usually when I'm in bed with
her I'm like on the pillow so she
doesn't really she's not able to move it
or anything but I was out of the bed and
she was playing this game where she'd
like pull the pillow over her face it's
like yeah but she thought it was
hilarious and like I'll turn around
she'll just have the pillow on her face
and think it's a funny game so that's a
little bit scary but I think once she's
like what are you guys doing
you know I'm sick and tired of you
spending all our money wienies that's
what's happening this is it you've been
cut off the old card we now are in the
world of these attempts no more lasers
it's the last of the antique lasers in
Ireland I don't know if anyone on orange
and I know what a lady's a card is it's
like a debit card but it's ridiculous
cuz you can't use it on the Internet
yeah fine you realize like hey y know
we're very cold
good boy to have it although we can
break out the other thing but when is
way too much work
what I'm yeah big girl cuz she's also
too heavy I know he type in car chair
but ass or the high chair thing left
then mark out so we gave your own chair
instead you know better
you wanna show me you actually see her
little pizzas I like oh can I see Macy
Hey oh look
yeah oh poor little baby
trooper like your dad aren't you you're
gonna just laugh away the pain not like
mom he cries the way to pain it's like
happiness in a can especially when you
get the a no I need sweets buzz it's
like bitter that boom get a rating
system alright we are getting down to
getting this gun folks we are getting
this fun under the stairs getting ready
we're going to record this because we
put it off cause it's like oh when you
have a baby and you have a business and
you have a Bebo stunner it's just
impossible to get anything ever done so
well I gotta get this done right we're
gonna walk Oh Mama's in about an hour
but like you just get the recording done
try and get the mixed on and I'm trying
to yeah to be honest there now I am I
hello hey excuse me
there know what that is that and it does
bebo but even Bebe's beep oh but the
puppy didn't TV there is actually a song
coming well we're gonna try to get this
in fact next time together is disinfect
and then I think I'm gonna try and get
the posters up
just imagine it's gonna be yeah it's
gonna be really hard to shoot and fail
because I want the dogs to be in and I
want it just to be the dogs right but
it'll be like we move to approval
o'clock Oh play your I don't know
whatever like you know buddy chair there
I'm yelling I think I'm just hired to
coca-cola but Orient's Diet Coke who's
you like this what would you like to say
to your fans stop me and say to the
streets because I can't pour know where
I can't even go to Tesco and America if
you were coming up to me ask me from
your address drop jokes all the all the
stuff like you've got email recorded
like Bianca today
t√≠o scene and they are the newbies but
man I hope that I hope this is really
good next I got a export all of these
out and bring them into a premiere and
sync up the footage with the video we
have got to go to Walker Mama's in about
half an hour so I'm probably gonna do
this tonight when we get back hopefully
I get this up today I really really want
this up today because I just think it's
really really funny and like four
million views on a puppy video four
minutes and you guys noticed that I'm
what you call her Britney Spears this
dog has a Twitter follower and she's got
like it's Britney not Britney bitch yeah
it's Britney's bitch you know cause it's
her little dog Britney's bitch it's kind
of funny but yeah she tweeted regular
Anna it's like I'm ashy since baby oh
isn't it
alright gotta get to work hello my
Russian friends hello my Russian friend
you luck Russian are you are watching I
asked you Russian would you like some
vodka
would you like vodka in your rescue
rushan that's bad Anya you look like a
little Russian with your hat like that
you know that huh look is now really
clever look you know summers hey you
know summer is coming when you watch the
full tv in the light haha that's really
funny but it is it's constant all around
6 p.m. the 50 bees up so definitely here
in our like now when I noticed when the
blog goes live it's kind of it's
brighter and you're like oh cool look
the vlogs life but it's still bright
we're only like a month ago it was like
pitchers pitch ours
today one lesson for three years but
it's really not Samar oh oh it's a
couple of days away
alright but yeah okay and we did go to
our moms that day Oh full circle
please look we got we doubled up the
cherish you can sit up here huh what do
you want these are called chopsticks by
the way here chopsticks
chopsticks on top stick
yep
Emelia you got the whole thing wrong
nothing you can eat the food not the
menu that's how it works I think you're
confused
give me give me give me give me give me
give me give me give me
so everybody's dinner has arrived except
for me and Erica did you get cuts you
chicken
what'd you get Emilia this is what
Emilia is having
it's like they're trying to eat just not
any any 100e nur
so put the ad for a while and it's my
turn to eat then I don't have a turn to
eat well we'll just have it watch this I
got anyway Oh
collection collection huh I got a
cheesecake - what you know you've got a
full-size I got a mini size me I can't
know what the green thing is again
let's connection ever best collection
ever a move Amelia and again are these
the ones that work or your mom has yeah
thanks
these are the ones were keeping ice
cream no it's
and I
you always come on your face now media
when you grab a couple of kegs of beer
come back to our house for a keg party
cake party what
take one bring it home okay party oh my
god it's the coldest I've ever be in my
entire life
nope my calls no I had been colder
Oh points oh my God look I've never
actually seen amber see days a class let
me just pull up inside of here I've
never actually seen one being driven on
the on the road before I love it I love
it oh my goodness oh here we go it's
finally off oh god that is like they
always say don't work with animals or
babies on a daily basis we work with
both but here we go oh my god I hope you
guys liked it I leave it as a video
response to this and I'll annotate it as
well let me go upload it now did you
like it ob did you know oh my goodness
that was a lot of work
I think it's cool though go exit if you
haven't already watched it
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
