I know I know and it's the pale it's a
much nicer pink one
good morning Janna
so we are gonna get changed into our
clothes for the day before we have
naptime and look she's been bleeding I
don't know
can anybody tell me if this is more I
want like I'm not getting too worried
about it because it's not a lot of blood
but yesterday she started to bleed I
could see like her gums were bleeding
right where the teeth were cutting she
was cutting a tooth or teeth because I
think there's two at the same time in
fact I don't think they know it was like
you couldn't see it let's see we see if
you have your little toesies yet yep you
can see them because that so cute little
princess and then I don't know if
Josephus showed you these yesterday I've
got one of her with dad and then one of
her with mommy and then this one here my
room that really should be high on the
door but she already has 40 on the door
so it's there for now yeah
you want the camera could are you
reaching here for the camera yeah you go
why don't you want a vlog you want a
vlog you go say hey guys oh she's
holding that by herself
okay you're going in to Emilio's Mills
do you want to come a down on the bed ja
you want to come a daddy hung on the
same job do you want to go with that
Nana venture you oh okay good luck what
oh my god did you do that I do that
yesterday did you really do that today
that means I that means I win that means
that I officially was the first to come
up with that
I'm division I'm actually I met a brat
entertaining Amelia is the best ever
there's like normally I mean here I can
like Canadian on my own but now when
asked like an idiot here's what are you
here to laugh at me and she gets so
excited she starts going like I know
jazz hands
you want to go with you heading on an
adventure you haven't had it been
chopped you don't know because it's a
secret adventure if I tell you it won't
be a secret adventure well Amelia
well that's being seeking adventure with
her mom do you know okay buddy shouldn't
do that let's get you ready
I won't even bring leave the car seat
how does pop Romani drive down when you
guys experience ASMR it's automated
sensory meridian response it's kind of
like this sort of tingling sensation
through your body like I don't need to
explain it I remember when I was in
school right and during like English or
story time when everyone told me a story
it would always you know automatically
trigger this response and I'd have it I
can I loved it or if I was watching
somebody do something with their hands
and I've always always like really yeah
I never knew what it was I never knew it
was that thing I know recently
I was reading about it and it's a more
as an actual thing I was like on what
the hell butter people have this I
thought it was just me or anything it
was like I was just me but I never
thought that it was an actual sort of a
thing you know I just I don't know what
I thought I just like oh this is a thing
that happens I do everybody experiences
it or nobody experience that you know
but they put a name on it which is
really cool so I'm you don't want it is
you never had a right of dougela tour
it's like if I were like whisper
I know I don't know if that's even gonna
work but it's like yeah like if you
whisper or I don't get the whispering
hang so much like I see I actually put
into YouTube now it's like oh my god
there must be triggering videos there's
loads of triggering add some more videos
which is like straight up you'll just
you'll feel it from the top of your head
tingles all the way down your spine it
is so cool like I remember saying
Anand she doesn't get it and I was like
what oh my god you're missing out you're
missing had so much like ASMR is awesome
and it's not like like a sexually the
thing you know it's not like only those
who perpetrate a said more thing like
acid amber something you know it's like
it's really cool like I hope Amelia gets
it when she listens to that's that's
what it was Anna was ringing Amelia's
storybook you know about where's the
chicken where's the hand and I got it
and I was like oh my god it's so cool
and then let's turn describing any
taller oh my god I should just google it
and boom there's an entire thing about
it I was like one so just asked it on
Facebook and Twitter let me see if
people actually respond to it but a deaf
or leave me comment I do you like me
anyways um so how make it is just take
one of these this is what it looks like
by the way looks super yummy right the
organic humus Francesco I use the
organic watercress spinach and rocket
salad it's all semi sun-dried tomatoes
because I prefer the semi sun-dried
there's like juicier they're not as like
old and wrinkly as the sun-dried
tomatoes and I just spread like a
quarter of this hog of here
hummus on here I scatter some semi
sun-dried tomatoes and then put on a
whole load of watercress spinach and
whatever the hell it's called
rocket and wrap it up and that's pretty
much it and tastes really good and it's
healthy for you so I love it goodness
my hands frozen I wish I wasn't there
with you what did we get mommy huh huh
looks like a little pink case as well
everything else pink in there right I
have a son and addressing like that kind
of that's drunken son he went up dad
mm-hmm that daddy that what your brother
Stan I look like we got the exes Digital
little bag thing um I think it's for
putting your camera in it I would never
put my camera in that but you know what
no news might oh so what happened right
was um I ordered and I said that before
on my phone watching TV I ordered from
eBay I think it was like the 220 or
something up the axis 220 is the one I
use here and I have a little stockpile
of them but they're all in either black
or silver because I just kind of bought
them up because they changed their de
sensor and had a camera suction built up
and then I bought the 240 which was in
black and I'm gonna try to use it a
couple of times in a star light but it's
just like the yeah tech technically the
glass is better
the sensors better processes but
everything about that camera is better
but that audio is not it's not good long
as like all the cameras that we use are
the same then it you kind of get used to
it you kind of like alright but when I'm
cutting and changing between Clips
between Anna's footage and my footage I
find that like I don't this
perfectionist you know if if the the
sensor quality is all for the dimension
or if the audio is off I notice the
difference I'm like now it should feel
like one camera you know a constant
stream of footage we're going now in a
minute I'm just explaining to my friends
here I was such an idiot only afterwards
I realize cuz I wanted to get the second
generation processor which is what this
one is that I use right now but they're
just they did they stopped making them
ages ago couldn't find anything the only
one I could find why in pink which isn't
that nice I'm pick it up on Friday in to
peel box anyway it's a it's a 720p
camera I'm not sure what I'm gonna do
with it now because I just bought this
one this is the brand-new I'm 16
megapixels it's a 24 millimeter lens
which is really important have a
wide-angle lens when vlogging because
otherwise you'll be like the
it was like a 28 millimeter lens at 25
then at 24 I'd love like an 18
millimeter it'll be like way out here
for them okay but anyway here we go so
we're gonna test this out so I got this
around so I bought I just I went up when
I just bought this now I mean he's got
herself a pink camera and we're going
we're dumping we're going right here and
you're out of here buddy
bloaty is our week who I spotted under
lock huh hey guys can you see Amelia
she's asleep
hi guys are you guys yes don't walk in
front of the bloody like giving me
giving a fright with the VA
this is the camera easy isn't it so good
because the one that I ordered is a kind
of it's like it's not like the pink pink
you see my collection of collection of
cameras over here mostly look 220 220
220 130 a hundred 220 220 and this is
the one here looked at 240 this is not
good that's not good that is pretty good
but it's only 720 that is pretty good
but it's only 720 that's the one I
ordered a pink version of the 130 I got
I got completely bloody camera numbers
so I have a couple of these I think
these are all actually and these
probably all have cameras in them these
are all like pretty good and this thing
but the audio in this is just not good
so we're gonna add this tonight let you
see I always buy the sir front black
ones but then I see this is like it
looks really pretty doesn't it 16.1
megapixels like that's really good it's
got a pretty big back to it
alright new news is that walking dogs
well I think know who she had that
shitty or so she has another two to go
I'm gonna put it into the little pouch
and then I'm gonna give it to her
vitiate doesn't actually know that's why
I went there
I'm sorry I'm sorry I made a boo-boo I
know I know and it's the pale it's a
much nicer pink one no I do whenever
online I didn't check this morning cuz I
got the receipt thing and I was like are
the 113 now it's like oh no that was
 me to do 720p it's not 1080p so
that's the brand-new one
but the only thing is I'm worried about
the audio I'm charging my battery now
because you're me the other one but it
looks clear listen I got the case and
everything's cool
I know I know last night I know crazy
have to thank them they got a few that's
the new one plus better screen it's a
much better at like camera yeah you ever
you want oh yeah yeah Anna tears - look
at this stack iPad Filofax iPhone camera
and the thing is almost area color you
know right there you drop it back in it
or you almost have a pink life Susie
isn't in an ED situation Tesco my few
sweets pays off
I don't need to thank you I think you've
confused pretty
I think you've confused me with somebody
else there is nothing in there right I
don't know anything about them they have
nothing to do at me so I really had a
craving for Diet Coke I know it's so bad
for you my like I listen to me okay it's
like my one weakness
I love Diet Coke so much and I never
ever have it like ever so I really
wanted to go to what I've wanted to do
is I want it to go to McDonald's
drive-through and just order a Diet Coke
but like an extra extra large actually
I'd only do extra-large I think they
just do large like take away you know
what you call it a cup of it with you
know with a straw and everything I don't
know I just had a craving but does
anybody else get like that like you get
you you want a certain type of coke oh
my god you came back with the cans cuz
what I was just gonna say is that he
probably thought you're having a party
or something yeah yeah everyone I know
but there's a thing psychological thing
about a can of coke versus a bottle of
coke a hey bottles of coke but did you
like the celery
I didn't know that pal I would like a
capo you know like how a be from and
prosciutto
I hate and yeah maybe yeah maybe dibs
will just come on yeah he always comes
down to her with a caf-pow and it's like
massive like as in it's like you
American huge like and I don't know I
don't a cop-out is I assume it's a coke
right like it's caffeine power caffeine
ah
ah
I'll be was Eddie was dead
where's Teddy no he's not upstairs he's
not upstairs
we must go piss outside
we like to piss outside we like don't
piss outside real a joke if who hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
