people come out whenever you want
whoa look at that huh it's the
summertime when weather was wine and
jumpy went out and did of dime and well
it was fine and stuff like that oh my
goodness it's summer oh please stay like
this now okay stay like this for the
rest of the year and snow in the summer
the winter the winter sorry
but like come on this is so nice life is
just better you wake up you can open
windows and it's just everything's
better everybody's happy get high high
everyone's so happy it was just walk
around with a smile on their face whoa
it's summertime and we're it's gonna be
tough today guys cuz I had a good
weekend when I say good weekend
I order pizza I have not ordered pizza
in a long time I felt like I want a
frakking Pizza Domino's Pizza it was so
good couple Easter egg just like you
know I said a good fun fabulous weekend
sat on my ass you know watching TV eight
loads of some rice food you know it was
so cold over the weekend as well which
kind of encouraged a sort of hibernation
it will call it hibernation but now I'm
back back once again put a renegade
messed up messed up so I'm back on the
train as they say and the Sun is so nice
it's just everything everything is
better what what is it like for people
that live in sunny places all year long
like everyone that lives in us are you
just happy is everyone just happier
Emilia is playing in her
yeah you excited it's one day you're
saving it's one night where's that boy
yeah it's Monday so or just pee on door
yeah door hisses slipper we're just
having I'm having my breakfast it's like
11 o'clock because I was like um I
always feel like I get everything else
and has done and then finally I get to
have breakfast at like half 11 Oh
but um yeah so I just made my coffee
made a bit of a mess but anyways um and
we're just kind of getting everything
prepared um my our cleaning lady is
coming for the first time today so
that's kind of exciting because she's
never come here um she'd come here
before she never cleaned before and um
she is super nice by the way I can't
remember if I told you guys that we met
her last week yeah and it's a little bit
awkward but not awkward but it's kind of
like I don't know because I'm here I
don't know I just think it's kind of
weird to have like somebody painting
around me so um I don't know I'm wait um
you for a bit but I'm not sure I'm just
rambling cuz I'm like I don't know
anyways so um but it's a beautiful day
so I think what I actually will do if I
can if Jonathan gets back um cuz he's at
the gym right now I'll be
I think what I might do because it's so
gorgeous outside
is I might take the dogs out for a walk
because I was kind of the whole point of
getting a cleaners that like I could do
other you know spend more times the dogs
and stuff but um usually don't often
till later but I think I actually will
because it's really beautiful I
okay keep this little monster is mom
walking the dogs hmm what's that what
you doing
yeah what you doing
hmm yeah you gonna put your sock off
yeah like this you want this you want
this you want it oh so cute I have to
look back in that footage and see what
you did yeah yeah the door closed and
Anna's got out with the dogs
Kazaam the lady's a clean ass isn't that
right mommy had to leave she's like I
can't be here I can't be here but we can
what come here
Ricky oh yeah I'm on my last to be Anka
is that Bianca yeah Yankees you see
bunny oh we got afraid
okay anyways yankin newbies my last -
come on guys
our girls Bianca the Explorer what's
down there huh this is where they like
to roll and since so I need to be
careful but anyways like I was saying it
worked here it really well because today
is beautiful absolutely stunning and so
I managed to take them all out and then
while she's doing upstairs and then I
think while she does downstairs I'm
gonna film my video so it works it
really well actually
so we had a nice walk today guys and me
okay we're gonna get tangled so let's go
home I mean the forties okay shiny house
my father anyway shiny house oh look at
this oh my goodness and I we didn't even
do any of this work it's okay it's
alright let's not let them in let's
leave the red side they're gonna ruin
the house okay cut her room in the house
it's so clean isn't it yeah my kids look
she even mopped herself at the door it's
so cute
like I'm gonna mop myself it's like okay
what about me oh my goodness Kathleen
has is it's craziness I wish you don't
we should do we should ask her to come
move in with us
and live with us what are you doing like
seriously what are you doing like you're
obsessed
you're upset you just wanted to clean
something that's all look at the fields
you are Phil I come in I'm just after
your cleaner right bye you know we're
like oh I come over here and I was like
taking it the disinfecting Klotz
disinfect disinfect everything disinfect
Thyssen
there is a disinfects I'm coming there
is we actually worked it out we have we
have the piano riff and everything
recorded we just need to add your vocals
I'm them you come up with them I want to
I want to go to any it needs life they
need something else win it you know like
your good verse or something it's gonna
be epic maybe this Friday huh maybe this
Friday yeah guys leave comments for more
you did yes if the pink camera Jose yeah
there's no yeah if you want to disimpact
song feel free to press the like button
and leave a comment
nah this infect song to day hey hey hey
you totally enter the voice we would win
win oh so beautiful
wetter still amazing easy it is
literally the best day of my life
literally you're watching it again
literally
since the guy from Parks and Rec is Rob
Lowe but what's his characters if again
I'm Perkins it's like such a character
Kelly was a ret that's kind of fast with
the kyboots guy right he says hey so I
checked online I was following his a UPS
package or a DPP or whatever to help
it's the the front cover wing mere small
little plastic thing for the Porsche and
it was so hard to get oh my goodness but
I found a place in them and so I ran the
world they shipped it to me and it only
just come in and just came in now and I
was like ah yeah what what what also
Anna got some crazy package you know
what is oh yeah you got it right huh
we're gonna find out momentarily lucky
came look Porsche AG certifies that this
data review item of equipment is come on
Roy oh my god so my stuff from Prince to
Graham cane and look how they're so
amazing that's amazing it looks so cute
hold on let me open it that is what we
should have done instead of what we
didn't tell me you're so stupid
well now I know don't let me open up on
her oh my god guys look like these are
and they're kind of like matte finish
they are so beautiful like I just think
that is the best idea ever
so go to Prince to Graham if you want
this done amazing this only cost I think
I feel like it was for 24 yeah it's for
24 prints you get
for 12 year of $12 I think and then
shipping is $12 to Ireland because it's
from so here in the US you can get that
there but yeah but if even for me like
because how much is it to print pictures
here it's produced I'm more expensive
that's a dollar a picture
yeah like any dollar is like wait what
sighs I know it's 50 cents what I mean
yeah oh it's 50 cent American cent yeah
because um it's 24 prints for $12 oh my
yeah like I saw that to me American cent
which is about yeah maybe Americans
that's what 15 of our sent yeah that's
incredible I just think that is so
worthwhile and like because I always
take the best shots on Instagram and
then like they're just an Instagram I
never print them or anything like oh my
god I am so and the pictures of her when
are you know what the first picture
Bechet it takes funny been around for
years we were just like whoa Instagram
husband so yeah well how many two years
but no listen we should do it the first
picture you don't want youth baby baby
oh she's a newborn during that time when
I was younger man yeah yeah Debbie Farah
out of her life yeah this is so cool
I'm liking so much shocking like whoa
you can print pictures
you get it going
forever people come out whenever you
want you can come out whenever your
lines I think she's just a little bit
uncertain you're gonna cry
seat belt activated
what do you think
Oh
but imagine
I mean as an investor
yeah you got any better
the girl was like looking over and
really yeah
no not even like three years
about a pipe
oh my goodness I would call I was all
like holy just get you to choose another
man it's about the chicken and then I
taught the potato with the corn and the
call my god I have to in you knew would
you forgive me
Ronson what so montsum he could actually
get it she real
ah that you want it don't you don't eat
the table don't eat the table look at
this is so funny alright look put this
in
this is for you this one here because I
was curious about these these are to say
I got Russian I think over make them all
the same was on the wrong side huh stake
me a send her outside is obviously a
demo one what's up my ass but they're
like this brand contacts here
they're like it's almost like 10 grand
for a brand new one of these things it's
not like mental money it's so cheap I
think we should have a look one there's
one you're sitting here
hello the at the rental all decided is
nice ran off Magan again looks nice
looks really sporting isn't it oh it's a
Clio one tells him again are you guys
cool
and some noodles some noodles
Granta oh goodness oh you've made all
wait at all when you bring your men oh
my god you guys see Game of Thrones is
coming back and it terrifies you guys
watch the trailer if not open new tab
YouTube trailer Game of Thrones Season 3
re-see Khaleesi looks like she's coming
back with the Drago nians too draconian
from yesterday alright I'm cooking up a
storm this is one of my better look this
is a little trick a jokey trick for you
guys right before you have your dinner
after you finish cooking do all the wash
up right before you indulge in dinner
because then when you have to have
dinner it's all done I always thought I
always watch first
so then the place is nice and clean then
you can enjoy it knowing that not the
anything you don't have to have your
dinner you don't need fictionally me
later like I don't have to clean up
trust me
try it I need to come you to this - hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
haha
