maybe you can't do that you feel like
magic in their underpants leaving
and silver.look and silver.look sees
listen to me he'll listen to me now
you're looking at her - okay look
huh oh my goodness it's like it's coming
true
yeah let's see if we can cheat open your
mouth please open your attitude
ah she is clamping on oh my God look
I see we saw it we saw it we thought huh
no wonder she was talking last night
yeah oh my goodness I don't know what
that's like I can't remember is it sore
feel free that you want anything
do you want a dog bone that was like
that you want him look we should sit and
do one bit of Sun in the whole garden
yeah cuz I go so frosty last night huh
you sitting in the Sun yeah you sitting
in the Sun hmm hmm where's everybody
else
click it everybody else oh yes so cute
go meet your in the back
that's a cold it is okay it's a good one
then I'll begin that I'll be in one
inning inning inning inning inning beep
run for your life time to hide more
stuff in the Attic because big day
tomorrow guys never you a major cleanup
because the cleaner is coming tomorrow
oh my goodness
such a nut job ah okay how am I gonna
get them up there there's any room up
here for anything oh my goodness it's
freezing up here okay oh my god it's
like outside yeah it's inside all right
where's the gremlin and ghouls let's
move this thing I think I'm okay
I survived okay I think there's an area
there what stuff can you put into that
can you put everything yeah cause like
we totally need our summer deckchairs no
let me just stop you there when it's not
raining it's sunny
oh that's misleading sun's out rollick
yeah you run outside and I should warn
you saw you start to notice your muscles
freezing you know it's like that I'm
like one of those movies you know people
like freeze up like a honey it's not her
stalkers who think that was like a
fake Sun it's like at night it's the
gathering it's the the people they just
did the government have hired the Sun to
mislead tourists No pack your window and
you will yet you might need a net to
catch the leprechauns and a bowl for
your lucky charms all right operation
moving on to the next stage of life this
thing here which once a time we brought
this to the walk once we took it out of
the cart we spent a few minutes we
couldn't figure out had this well we
figure out how it attaches but how does
even turn into a thing so now we're am
Ron diem you cheap tutorial how to put
together you think okay let's go do this
alright that's the wrong color oh no you
need the other video impromptu dance
party a impromptu dance party a figured
it out we're like maybe you can't do
that feeling are you kidding
I'm your fan of sneezing all right you
ready oh don't you peas yourselves
babies guys and she did she pee yourself
huh no it said not that's not the right
dog to use she didn't pee in it you see
that she gets afraid
should we add ourselves I'll be okay
look at you I need your help
well he likes going underneath why is
there a clothes hanger in here
okay so put it this is the problem now
we got this something just great way to
figure it out by the way if you have one
of these things it's here oh yeah it did
work okay that's it you should probably
learn how to do it again yeah but now I
will be can't fit in there
we should probably check out the
instructions
let's see oh he said she said there's a
button no what are you doing why'd you
take it apart is that closed on both
sides yeah well where's the button
there's no button that's the problem
the only button here that's what I
taught oh no did the dog see the button
so we're gonna get dressed now
huh look at your bare feet seize what
you want to win which one we're mean
yeah you want to go in your crib for a
little bit oh good girl good girl I said
you're not going for it nap don't worry
yeah
although you're not very worried looking
are you hi do you guys remember this
baby grow if you go and watch the the
what was it called it was like the Jen
oh the gender-reveal video that's what
it was my mom comes into the room and we
all thought she was gonna be a boy and
yeah so we did the whole gender reveal
thing with my mom and then she brings
out like two things that she had already
bought that were for a boy and this was
one of them now this is pretty unisex I
think because it's got green in it and
it's like it's not really boyish
actually it's pretty unisex but we had a
baby blue bow so we stuck that on just
in case we confuse anybody huh oh you
want the vlog she's reaching for the
vlog come on good girl good girl you
sitting up you're not very comfy though
look your legs are a bit squished there
we go there we go oh
well what do we think huh it's perfectly
fine remove only stop yeah yeah you guys
Lanie you gonna be smiley baby it's my
age my Larsen's
whoops sorry about that about that Bob
sorry about that
small issue here oh we don't have
parking sensors on this thing
you shouldn't have parking sensors or
should have thought automatically park
itself thing you know whoa pppp pppp
pppp oh no hands look up I'm not gonna
mock you everyone tell Anna she looks
nice with her beanie hat she's trying to
be cool but she doesn't know how to wear
a beanie hat I think you look fine I
don't know only people who know how to
wear a beanie they're like zombie and
sweaty sundae rules when you invoke the
sweaty sundae rules we can wear anything
any color oi oi photo drive activated
what's here tell me I know I had an auto
drive mode auto drive
auto drive gum collection the five you
guys arrived Chopra or top wheels no not
top trunk remember top trunks I
collected tap trunks I also tried to
call cards you get them alike all
different like things at the front room
I don't know I think it was an Irish
thing only you'd like collect them I had
like hundreds of them and top trunks
never cut own and Garbage Pail stickers
oh my godness I love garbage Pickers
myself my brother
I must actually find there's a
photographic I don't know where it is
but it's photographed myself my brother
we actually collected the whole sad
thing was like five or six hundred and
if you flipped him over you could make
one of the Garbage Pail faces who is
amazing I did that poo bags always
remind me of timpani bikes I don't even
know if we can get ten pannier bags
anymore Ryan you do stink deal afraid
because they hello that a pizza last
night yeah Peter dared or was like tons
of them is that little chick by the way
extort them don't they remind you
attempt any bikes and do Tempe bike
still even exist
no 10-cent bags it doesn't quite have
the same rhyme or is it company bag now
fifteen sounds pretty bloody one euro
you know don't worry everything was like
back it back when like we changed over
to the euro right things were like fifty
it seems like one pound and two pounds
they're like but we're gonna have to
round him up for the Euro and everything
just became like so much more expensive
and I was like Anna call the police I
think we may have to get Mimi the pink
camera okay ten zillion billion
later oh my god - yeah thanks guys I
already appreciate it
shucks ah shucks quite as rolled into
the comments as well I saw comments and
was like oh do you guys mr. got your
like welfare check and I was like I've
seen this before people saying if you
actually lived and all right there that
person lives in Ireland because it'll be
like have you seen like the child
benefit thing in Ireland it's like it's
not even worth it plus like this is
stupid life but we've never actually
claimed alright our child benefit thing
like they said you have up to 12 months
actually like start claiming it but do I
kind of feel about it and I know this is
kind of stupid you know and I sister I
can't even word filing like we filed
because we're a private business all the
time with the government you know and I
said it was like no look I haven't
claimed it because I feel like the
country is not in like the best date at
the moment and I feel like I don't
really need it that much so I would
rather somebody that actually really
needs it can happen you know and III
don't really meet you know it's not like
course yeah I love like yeah if you acts
100 quid but then I'm like yeah but like
I don't need a damn where's there's
people who actually genuine you need it
no I'd rather what we were going to do
anyway is that I'm I think there's gonna
be a change in the law hang on anyway
we're they're gonna sort out they're
gonna like means-test and then they're
gonna give because Emilia is entitled to
something so what I'm gonna do is that
we're not gonna claim it in our own name
I'm gonna set up a bank account in
Amelia's name and then claim it in her
name and to get it like sent so for the
next like I think it's like 18 years of
something like that just the June night
job so over the next 18 years they
checked like we just go into her bank
account and then when she's like 18 or
20 or however long it goes on for kind
of like a trust fund it kind of thing
and then she can happen you can do
whatever you want with it
don't don't don't blow it all on a pony
okay maybe pay for college or something
I don't know I think that's a really
good idea you know yes it shouldn't
matter mean yeah I mean it's show me you
want oh oh like a cute look at your
little hat huh is it heavy
she's a heavy guy I don't know what
you're doing there now posture posture
Erica or something pass it up here
yeah no way you're taking the scarf off
cuz I know why you're getting
comfortable you came here for designed
cake fine but you are now a liar once
you're not wait till we get home
did you know we get home before you eat
the nuts huh Lutie not are you just
gonna eat them all now
so cute eat them up I know she's so cute
Hey look you ready ready he not now
better you go
you're just so darn cute hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite this video
because we're trying at these MOCA
before but look look look right it has
it in all the different languages right
but look at this right if you actually
cover this across chocolate Weiner
chocolate wieners
