oh look at you huh
blow comes point every single journey
that you make in life that you have to
go out and get yourself dangerous and
last week we saw it loss of the beard
and today with Zito us pull the hair
hair hair jofi lose all my numbers hair
Jovi's my house kaput so I decided that
I kind of was like going on whenever I
go away boom boom I just did that I just
did that all to take you months a boom
not even one month boom shake a lick
lick lick lick I'm like a boombastic
they're a funtastic teach me in the box
of the numa numa sometimes I'm driving
Obama's I've distracted by my rearview
mirror I think I should probably get rid
of my rearview mirror it's a danger to
myself because I constantly like you
know sometimes like catch a little
glimpse of my reflection I'd be like oh
my god you're so high call me oh my god
maybe he'll call so here to check myself
to see that I'm fully dressed because
you know if you're breastfeeding I don't
know like sometimes okay yeah I'll catch
myself with like a boob hanging out or
like you know and just I don't even
notice it because it's like so natural
right now but ordinarily like if I'm not
breastfeeding I wouldn't be caught dead
with a boob hey you know it's so weird
it's like I don't know it's a
breastfeeding thing one time I was um I
think I had I didn't have a boob at but
I had like my pride like my top was
completely like on done for
breastfeeding and I think I actually
went at the front like I think one of my
neighbors saw me hi Alvey forgot that
Albie was in here the dogs know the rest
of the dogs are all outside and yeah and
the media is just hanging out
oh she usually goes in her swing at this
time for her nap which doesn't always
happen because well today she fell
asleep on the boob it's kind of our
anniversary guys I actually completely
forgot like it's not really our
anniversary but because we have like a
million anniversaries you know if the
anniversary of when we first got
together then we have the anniversary of
our when we got engaged then we have our
anniversary of our wedding in Sorrento
then we have an anniversary of our
wedding in Ireland because we had
remembered this time last year we had
our official like wedding in Ireland and
it was on the leap year so technically
our anniversary isn't for another three
years yeah as a new game let's go pull
the sock off game and then flame teal he
always gets in trouble for it we're like
where's this up Oh what see how he does
and it gets hair huh it's you you're a
sock puller offer the sack puller offer
oh yeah you like my haircut I totally
forgot I never I checked back with them
afterwards
why oh my god do I look better in this
vlog yes do you think so
leave comments below we will need at
least 300 people to say and they can
have a pink camera no no on this vlog I
will be counting the comments I want to
see at least 300 comments I'm an
independent woman of means no you know
Vera French I know I'm a guy you know
what what I'd actually rather buy a
white shirt also we're gonna jelly bean
er we got a Mothercare are we going to
jelly mother
geli mother or carribine or is it mother
beans and jelly care being confused
myself
jiminee words too much information now
that I'm like extra hot I'm just a
little bit dimmer a trade earnings on my
intelligence for hotness you have to do
that you know okay bye no don't do that
you're a No yeah look right up against
your own kitchen table so when you're
eating she kind of is
that's why we want ya ago and even
though she's not think she I'm not
weaning her yet what like just yet but I
can't wait it talks yeah I like her it's
kind of it's really secure like she's
not sturdy and like I we haven't even
put on the harness there's we can't win
the dualist
yeah we'd pick a color yeah we could
color do you have a pic on it ha we've a
pink one up there what I would I
recommend is to get the water repellent
cushions okay they're great like this is
our normal cloth one how'd you know if
you like pink just you know just gather
those wild guess yeah I'll show you this
one but you can get it any one you want
did you ever do you love it
do you love it isn't it nice to be a
parent everything in there no don't look
at the little cake stand on a cookie
joint a cookie cookie what do you think
Amelia what do you think your new bag is
that t/o behind you do the tiger is it
yeah I've acted man that was her badge
no information have a bunk bed huh you
know if your little brother up here
maybe maybe a brother maybe a sister
maybe another dog who knows with us
maybe you tiger huh
my name is draconian from draconian
hello little girl
you cannot defeat me for I am they're
gone No
oh no my one witness is to be held by my
mouth by a baby don't do it don't do it
I am draconian suffered in your makeup
boo me like mommy you know vanity mm-hmm
Oh got some boob stuff and they have
this cool new bag it's like a reusable
and I'm definitely gonna use this it's
cool it says boob on it so I got some
boob it's no new boob tops and um you're
having a 50% off sale on some of this
stuff so that will be probably Monday's
video on the stove it my mommy one day
I'll probably do a haul if you guys are
interested in seeing more in depth what
I got like the ever amazing son-in-law
of that Joe fee is I have opted into up
t up these
that's minecraft I was like I'm up t up
T or something I was like opti is that
minecraft zoom in thing you guys don't
play minecraft so yeah I've decided that
mo is asking me yesterday during our
family Friday would there be a way to
connect your laptop and I was like I'll
get HDMI and then there's so many
different versions of HDMI you know
already 3d 1080p but I was like oh look
I'll spin up and get one for you and do
you think the red one like I don't know
because you don't really when it's like
sitting on the couch and like what else
the mouse it's like the Droid bear whoa
look at these things gaming mice totally
got my name no what is that I want that
I don't know what I don't even need it
but I want it look at it lights up and
everything yeah it's like this is just
for like you know you know what you only
just because we have the M we don't have
like the TV we have like a computer
plugged into the 50s and
you know we just watched another stuff
online but then it's like when it ends
you gotta get to next week so someone
has to get up me and turn on the next
show this way you'd never ever have to
leave the cow look at the length of it
though yeah pretty cool actually almost
go to you to room oh you just broke the
TV ah ah so Simoes all right now let's
read all of Erica's emails live on the
blogs make sure works why is it
oversized don't you ever play minecraft
anymore I turned a server I did you oh
my me privately oh I want to go on
change the IKEA guys I made a prize like
come on I'm pen dude yeah I'll send your
dad penis because you can't install it
was like so much more stuff you can do
now you can do does this thing call it
check it
it's amazeballs amazing alright screen
resolution are they better yeah they
know what are they yes very
they're cool again boy so no shorts
show-and-tell
they are cool again what's that what's
this I think where they from that I got
you meet cm I got it just stopped
working
I liked that exact second I was like no
there you go now you can watch your news
or something whatever you old people
watch so I have to like really ripe
bananas that need to be kind of gotten
rid of so I thought it would make banana
bread which I've never actually baked
before I literally just
scraped my finger on the side of the
bowl and put my finger into her mouth
she loved it huh did you like that think
she likes this more than uh ah probably
good it's actually matched up so she
could eat it hmm
big smile on her face she loves it yes
she did it I'm gonna change our lives
forever forever oh no oh no no no no
back away no no no okay all right lives
nearly ended before they even begun okay
see this is what we used to use this
thing right and you'd be like look at
these cables everywhere but like oh I
need to watch the next show I can't
good bye wires hello moto do it what
happens is that it I'm very connected
is it installing or something installing
device yeah come on
PS this right is an i7 core it's got um
16 gigs of ddr3 ram its processors
running out of 4 megahertz like this is
my old render part machine
this thing is a boost Studio XPS it is a
beast of a system and nowadays it
basically just runs the TV it's so funny
it's like such a beast for running a TV
come on Maxie
let me just sad let me just open up the
internet from over here alright darn it
dead look at that huh huh open up the
Internet
alright let me just see it let me just
put on my favorite show
cool it's like Connie Joey's a new one
on my Kenneth watch right Simon oh
goodness
phones ringing my telephone I have never
worn this jumper before we she did odd
it's all down me she's done she's a
funny is that funny
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
