like challenges but
so everyone bummed up Mia doesn't seem
to have been affected at all or ever
which is great
oh no but we're going away in a couple
of days our adventures you saw on for
everyone's body so I think I'm gonna
keep it wardo home from school today
hi mr. bean alright did you give him the
water Mina okay I'm standing right here
you could cuddle into bed willing to bet
the covers on you alright we will not
need a doctor maybe dr. brown bear well
yeah we get serious I hit my finger I go
down all right she doesn't meet us here
I'm going to school this morning I said
she can have anything she wants for
breakfast and that's what she said
duo she talked we all call this Nutella
even though is do all right medicine for
Eduardo it's not cowboy it's the
ibuprofen kappa so cal profane i'm
certain like that it's actually quite
good
eduardo it is the medicine okay it'll
make you better okay you want to go to
school instead well then come on sit up
and take this
okay good point it's just one time one
trench keep going good man well done
now you can go back asleep okay I mean
they brought you some water
really
you like father like son
Eduardo I think he might have man flu or
boy flu it starts early
it gets worse the older yes and you know
what no one will ever believe you no one
will ever believe you but my flu is a
serious thing you know nice yeah about
one child going to school just you oh
yeah I'm really let us go I'm on my own
and then they're going just no good luck
water
Edgewater don't hear media dust like the
old days when you were in nursery yeah
anyone it wasn't food and I'm just
bringing you to school every morning
it's cookin today I might be the last
one
well there they are
wait the home
hey mister you feeling better now let's
have a look one who's one look alessia's
birthday card our birthday invitation is
coming like some some bunny is one
somebody where's my somebody some
bunnies one and it's wired house one has
also come Wow look at his wardo 94 this
is my current situation right now thank
god that's not because that would have
been a scream so I need to somehow get
this baby undressed into that bath all
of these things cleaned up yeah
dad dad also I feel like you're jumpers
a bit small I think we may need to get
rid of that she's trying to climb
everything and she's just today started
crawling on I hurt two knees so she's
not really bummed shuffling anymore
climber in the making it's not quite
there yet but she's getting there funny
one two three
pick about what ages zero to six months
don't wonder it's too small to see you
little shrimpy shrimpy you know so
you'll have to excuse the darkness but
our light bulb still has not been
installed changed I mean kind of
Jonathan's job it's kind of daddy's job
isn't them and we've got her in the baby
and so again I had her sitting up
yesterday I saw some questions about why
I still put her in there they were
honestly the reason why I put her in is
because my back hurts I'm pregnant
it's rough on my back anyway like to put
her in here and like bend over and wash
her but when she's sitting up I
obviously can't leave her unattended
like it's so dangerous cuz its slippy
and my she could she's still only 11
months so she could totally like slip
and like fall under whereas when I've
got the baby in certain I can just lay
her down and it's super easy like not
you know go and get like a shampoo or
like I can do something with the rest
like with bangs
in fact I think I'm gonna bring a baby
insert with us on holiday because I just
find them so useful can leave all the
crazy comments that you need to not too
about how I've been being her and not
allowing her just develop properly
whatever but the fact remains I wish I
had this for Amina guardo because this
is like a game changer and I wasn't I
was pregnant with the media but Jonathan
did a lot of laughing media for that
and obviously Jonathan usually puts the
other two to bed so it's me and I'm
pregnant so easy like you just pop her
in yeah she's too big you know she was
like bending her knees and she's ready
to almost like yeah it was this but it
still works for now she is still small
enough to fit into the I'm saying this
for her leg is like putting out right
now me right now pregnant yeah I lose
your hair all right guys as you know I'm
sick as a dog
Stoke but anyway I got some tight
because I figure like we're going away
in a couple of days so oh I need to get
better so I'm gonna get some Thai food
super spicy Thai food and see if I can
like you know I hate that when you get
one geared you got one gear we have a
cold it's like you pop your ears if you
go and you pop yours but one of them
will pop with you don't won't I got one
key is right now I feel like I'm walking
like this come on the bear come on
that's some tight food for you got some
green Thai curry from giggling squid
you're building young mutant everybody
all right I've got the green Thai curry
and I got some sort of lobster thingy
pavan's looks pretty good plans plans
the dots at their dinner we're gonna
start you guys to his blog it's kind of
crap but I'm some truck trying to get
better for the adventure to be better
but a little update for you guys so as
you know yesterday we said that we had
put an offer in on the house today we've
got rejected but we can are offered and
the event that people sell in the house
were like okay so I think I think we
might be actually I think this might be
working out who knows everything could
go wrong with elvenar ball like I don't
know I don't want to believe it yet but
we are one step closer one step closer
and I'm excited but I'm not excited ten
times because I don't know cuz that be
I've been and this road before
but I'm gonna enjoy my food we're gonna
catch up on some Walking Dead I haven't
watched it in a while and it's just
getting this information now do you want
to I'm talking that buon appetito
