hello porting live from the park bigger
me huh I'm not really I'm here with this
man here from he's the new point Dobson
new Brian Hobson serious guy mmm-hmm
serious now we only discuss serious
matters here
good morning good morning it's the
morning time morning good morning it's
the morning time
hello Dean SEM
so yesterday guys last night yesterday
evening shirts was it the evening time I
released the Irish tickets no less than
a couple of hours later Dublin were sold
out yeah yeah matting's them had dings
um I don't have life numbers so I don't
know but I just noticed that
registration is closed I was like what
don't close them so I think core can
bail faster so I don't I have no idea
how many is left but if you're thinking
about going to the Irish event probably
Monday coach I probably get more tickets
we also increase in case you missed it
we also increased he has now increased
the whole edit or because they were all
selling out and I felt bad because I
really wanted to see everybody my mom
actually doesn't live far from Glasgow
she said she's gonna come down queue up
that service that's what it's come to
you now to see her son she has to queue
up buy a ticket that's what it's coming
to a lesson yeah huh now she's gonna
comb my knee kiddos ah get some help
what we doing is during the events we'll
be pulling some of you to actually mind
the kids and change nappies and things
like that it's part of the it's part of
it it's under the terms and conditions
of the tickets section 12 paragraph 2
the ticket holder may be required to
change a pre nappy huh imagine imagine
your eyes you check it right out so
hopefully we're gonna see all our
friends see you this is gonna be a
Lasius first um mean and greedy things
because I mainly and edoardo they
haven't done a lot of them because we we
kind of don't bring them to too many of
them actually been a while but they have
actually seen being greets and actually
being involved in him a little bit you
know but it's the first time ever we're
bringing everybody all of us on tour
it's gonna be amazing
I am back with make Germany class we are
back in Specsavers friends because I'm
gonna tell you something incredible for
glasses wearing people out there but you
know ever since wearing glasses I have
suffered with the smudges don't ever
touch of glasses
well Nick here has the solution they
basically changed the coating to make it
more of an anti-reflective coating so
it's less and glare properties so that
you get less glare from car headlight
computer screens artificial light but
what they've also done is make it anti
smear and smudge that's the exciting
part easier to clean looks clearer
better vision and it's win-win
and also while I was here I got the
flashing light thing going tomorrow
saying that last week like her last one
has time I was here but look at this
this is my eye test which one is it to
get the old one here that's last year
and then we've got the new one here
being able to compare these and having
regular eye test means we can aid the
early detection of sight threatening and
life-threatening diseases so the whole
point is where they got perfect vision
or terrible vision get your eyes tested
on a regular basis and it keeps you in
good check did you know that 50% of
sight loss is avoidable through regular
I guess like we were getting here on the
machine and we're also got a new dealer
I test here and then I'm gonna end up
with telescopes in my eyes probably but
its national I help you guys and let's
we'll make this video to make you aware
so we can mine it for me
same with the other eye for me again
look at my just having a look right
inside of the back of your eyes now
perfectly healthy good man
sit back for me this is what it looks
like if you've never done a sight test
leave comments if you can read the
bottom ones backwards or what it said he
always this tricks it test is over guys
guess what mice have a garden yours
haven't got any better writer
surprisingly enough but I have rugby
ball eyes but they haven't got worse
from wearing glasses cuz I read lots
people are saying that is it all a
conspiracy it's not true it's not true
it's not a conspiracy making the test to
that this is the hardest part
trying to take classes apparently I'm
told Chloe here telling me that round
ones are in now what do you think guys
can I pull off round glasses give little
pixie I've to change how you Potter does
it make me look smarter yeah we should
try Randy ones hi guys this is my eyes
how far away is my pupil for my eye does
it tell you P days of 61 keys of 61 is
that good that the best good that's what
you're looking for the best 61 is
bang-on it's possible is it we've gone
right
I've gone brave I'm gonna try these old
Roundy ones I'm going with these boss
ones in those like normal and then I've
gone crazy again
and got these circular ones so we're
gonna try circles we're gonna see what
they're like I've got these just in case
just in case hey I don't like the
networks and it is very sad to say
goodbye so we are just chillin like
villains aren't we
we are MSE as in a little bit of a
clingy mood she doesn't like me to leave
her behind
basically she wants to be on me
I'm trying to get her to not do that
because I want her to be a little bit
more independent likes it a little bit
more she's fine once I'm in the room
like well no she's fine once I'm
interacting with her which is also fine
with me but she's not really keen on
letting me get stuff done are you are
you who's that that you let you that
pretty baby yeah the rest of the gang
are at a triple well actually it was a
triple birthday party and I only think
it's a double breasted party because one
of them couldn't make it he's still on
holidays so um yeah they're at dog
birthday party and probably have lots of
fun but I decided to stay home I could
have gone like the other moms were
telling me to come along and I would
have I actually kind of think I would
have liked to but it kind of runs into
her nap time and I'm just so like we're
in such a good routine I don't know what
that sounds really like sad so I decided
to stay home with LS yeah and yeah we're
chilly is it up to me
see you can sit oh you are a big girl
Fiona Fiona Fiona shoulda called you
fidgety Fiona oh oh not quite not quite
but you're lifting up like you want to
it's not quite there yeah aren't you
understand it she's quite good at
standing actually stand
we are back from the partay was it good
you think your party bags got art
supplies it why didn't you have fun
when I subtract your adventure and in
wardo went to a place called Candyland
but how many Oreo evening Keith Gardner
yeah I mean the key to Candyland oh boy
will we go home and tell mommy backhand
yards and the last yeah the Candyman
catchers a song call about the Candyman
but I put the candy mans hang on guys
hello putting line
huh I'm not really I'm here with this
man here from he's the new point Dobson
new Brian absent serious guy mmm-hmm
serious no we only discuss serious
matters here huh Vivian doesn't
understand having an or te Mike doesn't
know how cool she doesn't understand
nationwide we're gonna be on nationwide
when are we gonna be on it's going on
the 2nd of October which is a Monday
night 7 p.m. our t1 something brilliant
probably the best nationwide show ever
put on ever ever we're just really
saying that without the gym in Emma can
you watch in the UK question you can
watch it here 40 players get the orgy
player and it's not blocked you can
watch it anywhere tell all your friends
tell your friends Jonathan Jolie
nationwide Monday the 2nd of October
you see to squirrel
he's just squirrely up there I saw him
there and second ago
buck he's up there I don't think you're
gonna be able to see him you can see his
bushy fellow tail who knows that the
squirrel that comes into our garden you
see him okay
Eduardo has been watching a lot of the
old friend is trendy is not the music
what we did before that see oh call that
season one of the friendliest friends
season two with all the music stuff
which until I don't know what we're
gonna do until we figure out something
where the kid season two is on hold baby
when you've been watching somebody
original ones and we're all as science
that this goes these are you getting
into that like maybe season 3 will be
that stuff we trace around and see the
winner is whoever puts haha hand up high
and you're trying to stop oh I get it
it's gotta be done on a Saturday Perret
so on a Saturday
thanks to liver roof for my dinner today
Saturday pret so what
it's a pizza and pasta man he brought
pizzas and he brought pasta guys
he's like the carp delivery man yeah
we're having a car party let's not open
the gate
Eduardo right now could people please
no thank you I'm not sure what a guy
can't remember so we're gonna need some
plate we're gonna need some mats
okay so boys and girls sit in your seats
what right kids got pizza and I got
pizza and I got meself a bowl or and if
you are wondering yesterday why did love
didn't go live at six o'clock friends
it's 10 past 6 - Bob did you chip is
broken let's just seen that error a
monkey thing fairly everyone else is
saying that he had the same problem and
I looked at myself offices in the last
video went up at 5 o'clock and so
there's no blogs I'm kind of starting to
think that maybe I'll fight by hinge
holiday frog and then broke YouTube to
make it the only video everybody to
watch good trick how do you do that I
want to do that but I'm sure it'll fix
itself soon shortly hopefully you guys
can have a video yeah I got some Italian
fries or German fries little french
fries paneer or some kind of European
fry oh my goodness look at the storm
guys
Stormin Norman don't get too close one
go inside one outside why don't go go go
go go go where to go go where to go here
we go
you're bubbling away
it's alright the bubbles are in a
container they'll be fine
oh my goodness there's some storm guys
run run run run run run run run run run
