did back there doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo the back now back now
I know she wanted to turn around because
she wanted to play with these things
we're watching Peppa Pig actually I'm
gonna switch it off really yeah do you
like this look you're gonna play with
that - mm-hmm
she was like stretching out backwards in
her little saucer feet I swear she like
grows and then shrinks huh
cuz now she doesn't fit she doesn't
touch the ground anymore and remember
last week she was so I don't know the
dogs brought so much stuff and like
leaves and things so I need to vacuum
it's really windy outside
it's thankfully it hasn't rained in like
a while like properly rained so it's
actually quite dry but it's just really
really cold and today I can't get down
from missiles how they happen if it's
mud can you not know I can't get there
from the sofa
to be honest yeah and they can Twitter a
laugh yet if you'd like to follow me on
Twitter again I have about 500 followers
now that's very good that's brilliant
did you get all those followers yourself
huh I know you'll retweeted me a few
times now you did did I yeah thanks for
the help but here I am in giant Twitter
to be honest it feels fun I couldn't go
clean up the dog poop yesterday because
we got home too late and it was like
really dark and then I stepped on a big
humungous poop in my hunter boots and it
was so horrible and I was like washing
them for ages like crying trying to get
it out cuz I couldn't see anything I
thought that I could go ahead and put on
the floodlights at there but um that
didn't work did it
was it your poop by stepped in recipe
I think he was really tired this morning
I usually pick Jim on Friday but he
didn't because he was so tired so and
that means he really is tired oh crap
one of them has a bag of poop how did
you get it crisis averted
so Leo is officially disgusting well he
didn't get it open but I had left the
poop bags on top of the you recycling
bin because the refuse Ben went out
today and so at the front so I just
temporarily like put the poop bags on
top of the recycling bin and the dogs
obviously like the wind blew them over
or something and because their boobs
aren't big kind of like he was running
around with a bag of poop but he didn't
get it open he just thought it was fun
because it was a plastic bag and
everyone else was like chasing after him
do you wanna play on your play mat yeah
do you promise not to crawl away because
I've seen you crawl away and not before
hmm
tell them what you did well I may have
pissed on the rug again yeah she pissed
on the little rug that I wash like
almost every not every day Blake
definitely every week probably more than
not because Bianca likes to pee on it
the little rug that goes there hmm
didn't you you did your kids I don't
know why you're looking at that because
you can't get in it's not yours
what's up buddy what's up what's up huh
what's up little buddy I just making
some lunch
oh my gayness I was just so tired you
know it's like having a baby it's just
like it's tired of us like you never
it's a different kind of tiredness you
just got like so worn out and I think I
have been like killing it in the workout
sessions you know like killing myself
and then I'm probably know my body's
probably used to like you know a worse
diet but that worse diet was like a high
sugar diet you know so obviously that
would it kept me going more and then
obviously like working hard and stuff
and you know it's like I just I cried
and I felt it this morning and I knew I
was gonna crash and I was like you know
I just forced it right now do like two
hours hard Kip you know that means that
later on because I hate when you crash
about at 7 or 8 I mean you're like wake
up it's like midnight and here's like
it's midnight
I'm fully awake and ready for the day
you know and it's like it's the worst
thing ever it happens that's why I was
like if I force it myself
now it's only 2 p.m. now and I feel much
better like it's just this morning like
I was like oh my goodness I was like I
get to vlog on upload it just in case I
actually sleep for the entire day yeah
did that funny is that fun time is that
a fun time is that a fun time he's got a
fun time you are the best in the world
you are not Theodore so I brought I'll
be over there as well we had some sleepy
time together you know how about sleep
all day long if he could know right what
some music he sound like you said yeah
she's so cool huh he's so cool he's so
cool
he's so cool yeah I love you
he's so cute hello her laughs I love her
laughs something that makes her laugh at
nighttime I'm just like sitting there
listening gonna like her life just like
warms my heart so much you're just a
little there right
you nere right I'm gonna fill him this
puppy's react
lower than episode 1 take 1
yank is going free oh sorry then Bianca
have a look at you Oh
that's nice all right let's do this okay
you have to be quiet okay
because Bianca's in her photo shoot Vega
Vega
what I'm tired all right we have the
original on their first click done it's
the two regionally you'll see the
difference in LV coxey's and then i did
this other thing at the end
smells like sorry people live in Tinker
Bell you know it's like look see it all
started right let's go make that
and takes you I know this is Little Mix
cheers guys you know what's hilarious
with them you know I got some more
emails from like CNN and Fox News and
people like that you know asking for
information to use the video like I
don't know countries I've never even
heard off jokes but like seriously BBC
ITV channel for like all the different
reputable networks around the world I've
been sending me emails right asking for
written contracts for permission to use
the video which makes sense you know
underworld tea and you created rights to
it so I was like cool like tv3 have used
the video in like three or four of their
network programs I only noticed because
people are tweeting me to tell me about
it and I haven't heard a bloody beam
about it isn't that so funny I was just
like that is so typical like I'm getting
stuff from countries all around the
world but the country I'm actually in
when I actually shot the video or just
like oh we just who's that slowly
undoing tool so guess what a joke I'm
just gonna kick off machines have a nice
relaxing evening to myself what's that
are your entire extended family have
been invited over for dinner is this
funny it's it's funny to you so PS while
you're cooking dinner can you make him
out for like another 50 million people
it's 50 million and three more people
the whole back yeah
well little munchkin this little
munchkin would like some pasta you like
some cuffs like it already for good now
yeah did a bad dude back now
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo back now
right this is my trick for figuring out
we got 500 grams of turkey mince so I'm
trying to fatten it up so I put two full
peppers in there I'm gonna add some of
my special sauce we've got like the
biggest mountain of past that the world
has ever seen and we have top gear on Oh
oh my god there's the gt40 that's the
out for a Mayo car that I was talking
about short again look at her job he's
gonna be driving with an end soon watch
like the video so I can drive that car
alright next trick is because to pack it
out I'm gonna mix it all together into a
pot company my law was the fastest
celebrity thing in a fast car or an
what's it called again
you know what yeah I kept leave it alone
okay and let's add it all together
should devil devil help alright quick
wash as we go did it I made it work and
ate it work
what is the thing is she kids wants them
to dear mm-hmm
oh I bet they do Brooke even looks some
left over it's amazing to it pastor
works like that
feed the world about them we're gonna
try and put Amelia this is skills this
is the skills that every parent needs my
technique you gotta lean her on you so
there's no passive the way
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be
