there you go you think it'll maybe even
eat a new baby maybe a real baby may
think that there may be in the big bed
huh it's so cute and she so last night
we're putting a minute to bed and I was
like aw where's the other packet of
nappies you know and I was like I'll
check the box you know cuz they call me
vitamin like wallet 500 or something a
shot you know open a box there's no
packets in there and we were like oh we
just there must be obviously like this
has never happened it was like oh my
goodness crying out of nappies so we
found 2 which is perfect so we can
change her before she went into bed and
we just changed her name this morning
and and I'm like oh my god so I'm
heading in the shop to get some nappies
but like that has never happened before
it's like holy crap you know it's like I
don't know it's bad it's bound to happen
you know like it's bound to happen at
some point but it's hanging for
Humanity's you find those two Susan
Orlean
baby try then was lucky number four
active fish
Linda's gravel for simple dry and then
is level for super driver Huggies
I'm gonna get these himself but these
are comments if you've ever tried other
brands
oh man you so much fun they have no idea
that they have a video I'd shoot you
that has to point pretty much 2.6
million views like that's insane
they've been I unlike television
stations and radio stations around the
entire world that he can't emails like
different radio stations to different
countries like hey drive tonight
information to share your video and
stuff you know and it's like insane that
like here they are like look at him just
they've no idea they're just like so
many people you actually go to the video
there's so many comments saying like
it's fake its fake it's not real it's
just one dog it's like how look at the
video how could I've done that with one
dog it would be like the most amazing
and I'd be like avatar I would have made
a Vitara they should've made an avatar
meme or whatever we call it thing in
Avatar Gangnam so what's a cop bloody
straight heart I'm sure there's so many
you should have made an avatar version
of that but that's what it's like
imagine knowing I don't want to say I
like what hey Thursday cuz you're right
like it's still going up like a couple
hundred tears and every day it's like is
he gonna go to three million I don't
even like my mind is blown when I hate
you man I was like that's it that's it
I'm off I'm done I'll shave quickly do
what it treatment is uh-oh
mommy made a boo-boo doesn't look as
dramatic on camera but there's a lot of
glass on the floor
it was one of those big pint glasses or
not playing sighs shards oh I know so
the dogs have all been put outside and
media is in her little saucer don't come
walking over here yeah this is not the
opportune time
these are actually from an airport in
Belgium you might have seen in the news
recently I acquired these some people
got that joke some people didn't even a
comment if you back did you get the joke
me yeah I only look at our getting on
except Portia Oh Rory's dad yeah who's
that who's that little baby oh you want
it you want it you want it because we
had a shortage of nappies pretty much my
day so far now what you have a pig
I'm gonna go ahead and do some chores
now run some errands say five oh my
goodness we've come up with the best
idea ever
for a fun follow up video to the heart
of shake but you're not even a follow up
video of what we've been like I don't
know for the last few days if you joking
amongst ourselves you know with you know
with the dogs about their reaction and
heavy our we're thinking oh my god you
know be such a fun thing to do to have a
like all of your like they react to or
like how they respond and react to
change name or whatever like yeah yeah
you know and then like we'll come up
with like a set of questions to ask them
and then we're like ask them all the
questions sound like edit it together
and make it really funny waiting to be
so funny cuz you guys all know like
their personalities and stuff so because
we keep doing it but then we're like
yeah I ran the house and stuff we're
like talking to a tube right oh my god
we should totally do it like I don't
know them yeah yeah yeah yeah I think I
think of your hilarious so hopefully we
got to dip with me video of last Friday
so hopefully we'll get this up tomorrow
we got films and uploaded tomorrow so it
might already be on the channel but I
give it a given no like in a commentary
what yeah go on okay so this girl sent
well her mom sent this card it's
actually really cute I think she kind of
made that herself but anyways and she
wanted to share this really funny story
which is so cute
so basically she has this four-year-old
girl called Kayla and they were in a pet
shop and her little girl ran up to they
where they had four or no three white
puppies in the window and she ran up to
it and she was like mommy you think took
Joe fees pups and then she was like oh
my god so she tried to explain it to her
you know and she wasn't sure if she
understood then she walked up to the
first pet store employee and asked him
if and I was there so she still don't
understand
and her mom was like oh my god she
didn't realize how much she paid
attention when she was watching the
vlogs cuz you know like we're all
probably wouldn't watch watch what
notice
yeah so cute so yeah thanks so much for
sending that little store that was
really really sweet
oh damn this percy pig oh it's there as
well
character versus dealer there's like
jelly of steelers does peppa know mmm
tasty cup of coffee tea cup of coffee
hmm do you want a sticker forgot me Oh
laughs should I sit in the chair do
anything to charity what's gonna happen
huh
they are actually kind of em they
couldn't hurt like almost the way it
goes their hands so cute media
oh my goodness oh tomato puppies are
bigger to ten months so are they yeah
yeah oh my goodness the puppies are no
longer puppies they're adverts he'll
always be puppies they'll always be
puppies you know beef Oh didn't have
horse it's funny because we're not
actually shopping for ourselves we're
shopping for the cleaner what does she
need get some power plus I don't know
what it is but she needs it the same
kind of whatever you use I suppose I
don't know hey that's what I mean like I
don't know you like the wipes
you got a new flavor in common hey I'm
not ready for change for Connor I do
like Albie I do like Albie see might
even notice the difference how is your
fort how is your fort okay why is there
a lump of grass in your fort well I
blame one of your friends here they're
not my friends pop it in the box oh my
god look this hey hold on yum yum it's
got chocolate instead you know what it
is I I don't know I'm just claiming it
I'm claiming it for myself
Thanks I know you wanna you wanna play
with some food we heard a rumor that you
should play with your food
Quan goober slice a sliver yeah probably
gone what's this what's this huh
what do you think
you're all jealous now hey give us a pin
watch Tina cause she's a bit of an idiot
no really hook she might who did that
that was this plan hmm where is it gone
yeah
no no you no no no no in fact you know
you think when you think about it wasn't
it a bit here on this pin said what do
you think it's it's not making it to the
mouth you reckon huh she's sucking on
the envelope what do you think
suck on that huh what do you think of
that
all right you like that I'm not that
interested here go on who wants it
there's a little Biddy in here he wants
this lovely yeah hey let's take it
anyway
tonight myself and lower it on toy no
you're not
that's no that's not gonna how are you
what if Floyd know is that cheating on
him nice moves lady
yeah really wow I didn't know that
my venison Wellington's and his racks of
lamb how did you end up here
how did you end up in here oh yeah yeah
oh you made that happen
party at my room 2 a.m. bring your milk
bottle it's pretty cute I remember when
we got thought like ages ago the media
is in her little play area over here
what are you doing can you touch you to
us can you did you to us hey did you
dizzy oh can you did you twosies I also
wanted to say thank you to you guys for
leaving such nice comments on yesterday
for
yeah yesterday yes is there I really
appreciated thank you guys are so nice
I'm just so lovely and I really
appreciate that you appreciated my
honesty and I don't know I just I love
you guys and I just want you to know we
read an Italian book tonight hmm
Pepa in Italian oh you okay you like
that okay well read that one to me hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
