Thanks thanks for holding that up me
she's crazy
oh the heated seats are on and so nice
my bum is warm there's torture torture
and pain like you never should have
called you know regular heated seats
which make it like really comfortable
and warm you should have like the
opposite of heated seats back in the 80s
in Ireland like nobody had nothing right
so maybe you can relate to this if
you're at my age we had this like a
little below heater right they were like
I don't even know if we had heating
right and we have like I probably about
three or four minutes each like that was
it so you get all your clothes you'd be
sat in there and like I don't know maybe
you're you know put your ones yeah your
pajamas something that you know and it
went by order
my older sister my older brother myself
and my little sister who was probably
like she's like a lot younger than the
rest of us you know so she may or may
not have been involved in this she was
an infant so I get they dead there and I
cruel my parents so he'd have one go
right to be like go and you'd wonder you
pick up your school uniform you stand in
front of this like they'll blow he did
they turn it on like you don't mean like
oh my god two minutes to get changed and
if you didn't get ready within your like
allocated time period you have to get
ready in the cold let me decide the road
you like yeah and it was like the best
moment yeah you'd be sitting in bad
light freezing probably under the
conference you know and the freezing out
of the covers like he was sitting at
this low blow heater like putting your
clothes I got I got so you only been a
warm for the whole night the world√≠s
spoils these days I think the world is
spoiled these days when I grew up like I
had no TV when I was in school I had I
didn't even got a mobile phone it's like
it's just taken for granted like I mean
you'll grow up in a world where she just
be like I'm just gonna like get Internet
she'll take for granted in a way but I
remember a world I remember Google like
oh it was a pain in the ass but like
there was a world before technolon
uniform all about phonons you know you'd
meet it meet like a girl in the disco
you know anybody I kissed in herself
like all you want to hook up next week
you know anyone are you sure I'll meet
you
outside like Clarisse I lived in Dublin
so if you like meet you outside Clarice
next Friday at like 8:00 p.m. and that
was it there was no texting there's no
tweeting it was nothing you just you
don't know it and if you were late know
that there's no way contacting the first
neighbor like yesterday yeah yeah or
even worse if you did get a phone number
it was the it was the family home can I
speak to Sharon please who's this who
speak to my daughter
oh what a different world or you ever
get like one of those I can remember I
got a phone number in my hand in a biro
and for arrested night I was like in the
club because it's like you know it's
like discos you know your kids so sweaty
himself you be like oh my god the
numbers gonna wear off and you have to
like go home and you're like trying to
transcribe it but it'd be like the ages
turned into like a six or something like
no why does it mean it's all over it so
no it's done I'm rambling we always have
our morning rambles in the car building
myself up to go to the gym I appreciate
that so we're watching Peppa Pig and I'm
just having my breakfast before I feed a
media hers not solids by the way no
booby we haven't started on solid out
I'm like so nervous to do it my mom
thinks I should do it like within the
next week or so but um but like she's
not pushing on me or anything she just I
asked her her advice and that's kind of
what she said
cuz Amelia does seem like she's
interested in but I don't know I'm just
so scared of nurdinov before maybe you
are my second baby I would be so scared
but I don't know if it's good I don't
really scared so this morning we were
reading this book the little puppy or
this little puppy and it's one of those
touchy-feely books and she was actually
feeling this stuff but she kept turning
to this page Hey
don't be mean to see that sometimes
newbies is mean to Cena anyways um she
kept turning it to this page and it's so
cute because this is Nancy whose fur is
fancy and it's the most like our dogs
isn't that so cute and she kept chewing
on this page as well but you could
probably see her but she really liked it
yeah you're such a big girl feeling all
the things in this book you like books
oh god oh god oh god what what is it
over
oh god this car huh so many lights and
sensors and warnings and alerts action
that's not in the shelves that's
convenient because I'm thinking only
kids I'm really liking it I'm curious
about this one and this one but I'm just
I'm afraid or liked by it and it's not
that nice I'll be like myself putting
Miku stop girlfriend girlfriend and I
are hanging out I did the vacuuming and
doggie bowls stuff cleaning I'm doing
laundry now I'm just folding some items
and I still need to pick up some tape
for my whatever you call it labels from
ink whatever the hell I'm missing from
that from my label maker
yeah she'll just sit in her swing during
this time and even if she doesn't
necessarily enough she just sits there
and she kind of like is happy to do that
and happy to have her little I call it
quiet time cuz I know when I was little
like not when I was a baby like her but
I know when I was little I even remember
it I used to have quiet time and it was
technically naptime but then it
progressed from not like I stopped
having naps then and it was just quiet
time and apparently I was really good at
it like you know cuz it gave my mom the
freedom then to probably do housework or
take care of my baby sister or whatever
and I was a bit like 4 3 or 4 so I can
remember it I would go to my room
and I think the door was closed and just
either a nap and then what progressed
into like just quiet playing time but by
myself like mhm it I think it's really
good for kids to have that kind of like
independence you know they feel like
they don't always have to be around
their mom or their dads they can be by
themselves and play by themselves and
obviously I mean I didn't have like C
there's only there's like four years
between me and my sister that's closest
to me in age so I didn't have like a
play mate or anything until a lot later
and say I must have a tasty lunch yeah
because we're probably not were quite
getting some sort of vegetarian pasta
dish nice because myself on that Lloyd
Arc oh my god I saw somebody actually
tweeted Loyd Grossman that was no point
in checks he tweeted Lloyd and then she
put the video and she's like somebody's
in love but ya know it's the time when I
was making out with him do you like he's
actually a real person right I need to
come up with a better system because I
always didn't know but just like
mountains and mountains of these things
sitting here you know I don't know yeah
sure just get the shell this one so I'm
telling you I'm telling you early to buy
things and lead to a bad place because
the shelves do slow you down they stop
you you get rid of the shouts and you're
just like I'm part of the puts part of
the M you know sometimes you just need
to do things that your hands like you
just need to pick or something like I
definitely find when I'm working away I
sometimes I just need to pick or do
something Jeremy and I can take up
smoking but it's probably not a good
fire not a good idea you know so I I eat
pistachio nuts steel this is what
happens when grabbing goes wrong what's
that mean yeah what's that huh
what's that you were so grabby you just
grabbed my dinner look he's got like
katsu curry all over your clothes
Mama's not gonna be impressed she's like
put a jean you pull the plate off the
table hmm not job like especially like I
don't know if I can do this right watch
this
areas I don't know if I can do it come
on I tried to I try to actually tried to
grab thanks thanks for holding it up
ring she's crazy she's crazy I don't
know if you guys remember a couple weeks
ago or yeah a couple of weeks ago I
mentioned that there was somebody else
coming she never showed up she like
literally said she was gonna be here at
a certain time and never showed up it
was so weird what this girl's actually
like legit so she's actually coming over
now I hope I hope I was like left
waiting it was so weird
but anyways so hopefully this girl wore
work out but I got her through like a
friend so I'm guessing that she is legit
so I'm doing the what we call the pre
clean my mom does this as well like any
type of our cleaners would come she's
like quickly do like a free clean
because she's like no it's embarrassing
you can't have people coming over even
though like your cleaner is coming to
clean your house well actually I don't
think she's coming to clean the house
today this is just like a chat but um
you know what I mean you're like
embarrassed because you don't want them
to think that you're slob so you start
cleaning like I dust it today and then
you just coming over just gonna be like
what exactly do you want to do but
anyways I know some of you guys do it
admit it do you do a pre clean if you
have somebody that comes to help you or
like even if you just even if this was
somebody coming over you always do that
this quick little cleanup you know I
don't know I think women are just like
that when you walk to you find your keys
mm-hmm your phone you're very busy with
your keys in your phone when your mirror
Wow mm-hmm so it was a big success
um the cleaning meeting just came and I
just kind of talked to her about what I
kind of needed done and everything like
that and I'm so happy
Wow finally beginning like just some
help and like I know this is a very
controversial topic and like every time
I feel like every time I mention a
cleaner or anything like that I get so
much hate in the videos but um and I
know what's controversial but I know
that on the one hand I could just not
tell you guys and I could just like get
a cleaner and not tell you guys or you
know blog about it or anything like that
but I'm trying to be honest like in
these videos I feel like we tried to be
as honest as possible we don't try and
sugarcoat things or like pretend like
things are a certain way when they're
not and that's a huge I know our
integrity is like a huge part of our
vlogs and I feel like that's kind of
something that's really important to
both of us like both jokes and me
there's a hair in my eye I could sit
here and tell you guys that it's easy if
you have six dogs and a baby and I'm not
complaining I think some people take it
the wrong way when I start to talk like
this they think I'm complaining or I'm
saying like Oh what was me like I don't
I'm not complaining I'm just stating a
fact like we have six dogs and we have a
baby and we want to have another baby so
I'm gonna have this house and I like
things to be clean and I'm kind of like
a neat freak
and I wouldn't say I'm a clean freak but
I have a neat freak in the sense that I
I like things to look a certain way and
I like my stuff to be clean and it's
just it was getting too for me it was
getting to be a lot of work and I wanted
to walk the dogs every day and I wanted
to do everything and I wanted to like
give everybody as much attention as
possible but I just felt like I couldn't
I just know if this is gonna help me so
much to focus on my job YouTube and also
my job as a mom and as a dog owner
because I want to do I want to do
everything but I just can't so hope you
guys understand that
I hate me for getting a cleaner I feel
that way but anyways if you notice
cookies or cake okay not that one isn't
me a given treats the others to the
puppies huh amina has them yeah yeah
here's one which one you gonna give
first which one first you have to say
sick it's safe Oh Yankee Navy is another
line going let's do this fast
mm-hmm
we broke the dogs way wooden foot
sticking hurt that way
listen to me now hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
