isn't that just so cute like that's so
cute
that watching TV
you watch TV with your friends
that's a little weak it's a new week
it's almost any month
what February is almost over
oh my goodness that was quick you know
it's gonna happen knowing like two weeks
really it's gonna be a six month oh my
goodness my daughter sees my toes oh
yeah crazy thing happened 1.2 million
views on the dog video what I don't even
know what to think anymore I didn't even
know what to think anymore
it's insane hey guys its morning time hi
and look who's little feetsies reach the
ground now okay she's on her tippy toes
but still I can't believe it yeah you
grown so much
the pups are all outside playing all
these courses inside because he's not a
he's not a dog he's a real boy yeah you
waiting for your daddy
that's me is trying to move myself up
moat myself yeah load myself I'm going
to build a moat around my cellar moat
and Bharti owner that's Odin barley oh
yeah reversing is reversing huh
I hope you've seen the reversing song
and reversing Oh yep but what Islanders
know in here just laughing you like this
one she tried to tip that herself she's
like pressing it but she didn't really
know how to do it she is oh I don't know
it just amazes me have a smart baby get
like so fast oh yeah and I was going
through when I was going through those
boxes yesterday he's so pretty myself
that I got that done because that was
like something I wanted to get I know it
seems would be small but like waning of
a baby you just like everything goes out
the window and you don't feel like you
get time for those kinds of things like
this is the next thing I want to do is
this drawer right here which is a
disaster zone but you know just those
areas in your house but you're just like
a mess and you just think you're never
gonna get to them but pretty proud of
myself so anyways I found this card this
is from Erik had this year front for
Jonathan's birthday but I found this
very I was like this card looks familiar
it was my mom's birthday card to him
last year
yeah but the results are amazing that
I'm getting lately you know it's like
it's always like this you don't you feel
like this in the morning you just gotta
you gotta just say no go go and you just
gotta go and then once you get here and
you know I'm you're working in and the
tunes are playing and you feel good
about yourself and you just feel like I
did it you know no it's just it's just
if you ignored not wanting to go you
know forget it
I have not weighed myself since the time
I did it on my birthday or something I
have weighed myself since then because
I'm like I don't want to think about it
don't think about it don't think about
it you know I'm almost just turn it into
like schooler job you know it's like you
don't think about how long you're in a
job or how long you're doing something
you just go like do workouts ping crap
oh yeah no I was thinking as it like a
fun challenge right this is seeing an
article and I don't even her name of it
to hell and back I think it's called the
hell and back or something like that
there's one on in June and I just
watched a couple of videos of the one
that they just had there and I think
it's in Bray um I was like oh my god
should I challenge myself to enter that
in June now gives me a it gives me a
little bit of wild rock uh yeah no I
think we'll be around in June so a
challenge always have to do I don't know
leave me a comment video you guys it's
on the head to hell and back the Irish
version I don't know maybe it's maybe
other countries have it but it looks it
looks like a lot of fun you go to Moya
and country and up mountains and it
looks pretty tough it looks like you're
going to hell and back
but would not be a fun challenge yeah
she actually twisted herself not all
this way around but she twists her she
was at the front this is kind of the
back part twisted herself like to this
part to the side and and she was
reaching back for those she's cranky now
because she's due for a feed so she's
hungry but look she's grabbing it she
was not able to do it she wasn't even
able to reach when she first got in huh
yeah I mean when she first got in when
you first got it not this morning but
she loves it she's really reaching for
things like you wish you could come down
yeah it's cool though right
and look
that you can just play with that thingy
I think she likes the little butterfly
and I think you're hungry are you hungry
you want num nums don't you yeah yeah do
you understand what num nums means I
think she might good girl okay let's get
some no no no coffee drink girls are a
different kind of beast because they
walk around like they own this street on
the business called selling tats and
graphs you're a high Thank You favorite
song
he said you pay pizza how many times
have you listening to that I can't get
out of my head
let's walk around all day dip in this
cup tea proper burp with me
derp with me someone to do remakes dirt
with me I don't wanna commit this Anna
learned one a week I'd love to do wonder
week that's 52 New Year but I 52
original ideas and each of them like I
wanted to have that same like super
catchiness and kind of fun ness to them
you know so it's a it's hard you know
like doing covers and stuff would be a
lot easier but I don't want to do I've
no existing covers and stuff I wanted
you like fun
catchy creative contact catchy creative
content see seeing that I would to see
men attach your paper content mmm-hmm
Peter heads like oh it's like pulling
away from me I think there must be apps
out there you know where I was doing on
an under way in Photoshop but leave some
comment leave some apps maybe some
comments or tweet me
naima some apps we can get for her for
the iPad because I reckon there must be
a baby
check it out look she's gonna wear
amazing sorry sorry sorry
alright sorry sorry
Alberto deal has like a broken neck
you lied you guys probably want to watch
them back in today's like two years ago
or something Alvie was on a walk once
and he saw a bunny do you remember the
time you saw a bunny rabbit
what happened do you want to tell them
something tweaked in my brain I changed
yeah I know but it was like back when no
one was watching but I was crazy
something he's like going I know we just
he just he just tweet and it was gone I
was like oh oh and then he's almost yeah
obviously Singlish you have to forget
she speak English today she's where's
the pony they'd love a second body
here's a big Easter body
oh no when I'm doing the Easter Bunny
comes and he's hiding all the cream eggs
in there tighten all the Easter eggs in
the garden although we don't have any
bushes in our garden so it's gonna be
pretty easy
this is Easter eggs everywhere hopefully
your key car's hard with eggs you're so
boring
now you have teats you can chew on
chocolate yeah that's the whole point I
haven't eat he can chew on chocolate
it's such a muck of the floor mop mop
the floor don't be
for when your mop though Lord you got a
mop mop the floor
that's why next time go mopping the
floor oh wait a second I just did it
this mop doesn't work very well
she loves that book and we get that word
yeah awesome
don't eat the book oh you finished
already what you kidding - careful your
fingers will get stuck in the middle
there you go turn the page she's reading
the book backwards no no no you know
what happened in the end first look at
that oh my goodness you are so amazing
you are the most advanced super human
ever created how do you feel about that
oh that no nothing quick question to any
of my Norwegians out there um what does
that mean I hope it saying something
nice um well perverse John's flare flare
Hager seg ha ha what's a little thing
over the a Harlem shake trending Oh No
shrill snide nerd oh my god I don't know
because my you know that's it's
is she oh my god Yanis the headline jofi
jokes that's what they were about to say
thanks for all your advice guys and
information about it a get in the car
for Ana at this point I think the dogs
puppies are gonna be buying a car for
Ana what what I don't want to have to
start talking about like okay we're
obviously getting into bed they hit a
million I don't want to have to start
talking about two million don't do it
don't do it potatoes but don't do it
that dad just it's too much it's too
much too soon I wouldn't be I wouldn't
be able to handle it okay seriously I
wouldn't but could you imagine I'm gonna
joking because there's no way there's no
way it's gonna fizzle out now I think it
sound like a million or something like
that's it that's it alright it stop it
stop looking in that video because
you're gonna cause I'm gonna have some
sort of explosion in my brain if that
gets any more views like seriously
alright stop it but if you want to keep
watching it by all means go watch my
music video Oh what what are you doing
so somebody asked me um on Twitter or on
the comments of a video I'm not really
sure they said I had RMIT try green
curry when you when you take two you let
go you to make it for you you bring it
home and plop it in my personal trainer
is to chop up the chicken fry the
chicken chop up the peppers fry the
peppers sweet or whatever out all your
vegetables then pour this in let it
simmer for about ten minutes I want to
say I accompany that with some noodles
we use the air whole wheat noodles from
blue dragon you can you can pretty much
ease past or a rice right like that but
that's what I choose that's what I
choose that's how I make it
that's how I go
what you laughing at are you laughing at
what's up buddy what's up buddy what's
so funny
what's your wedding what so funny you're
so cute you're so cute you know that
yeah hey isn't that just so cute like
that's so cute that watching TV
you watch TV with your friends you
watching TV with your friends
yeah uh-huh are you are you you get so
excited what you know but this got a
little bit their little feet go excited
oh oh oh come on come on give me some
moves baby hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
