two keys look away I'm gonna call yeah
yeah yeah yeah in the middle oh my god
oh my goodness look she is a photograph
this one not so much much huh
if you put in the ground huh let me help
you that one chip sure Oh Oh what are
you gonna do are you gonna do with that
hello guys hello guys guys do you know
you guys are like super famous yeah
800,000 views
on your little doggy dancing video what
the hell you got on retirement you guys
you guys can take over the show they
Peacham our video oh no we're gonna have
to have another baby
this is ridiculous you know I was even
joking yes ago like you too mind you
into five hundred tiles and then I woke
up but it's that eight hundred tears and
I'm like holy crap and it's like it's on
the front page yeah who is on Perez
Hilton I guess celebrities who are
tweeting and stuff like that and then I
just got an email from like ABC News or
Good Morning America or something that
narrow like all can we use to video for
our show and I said yeah sure but I was
like I'm probably ever see it because we
don't get that here in orange but I was
like oh my goodness that's insane isn't
it imagine it hit a million views we
never had a million views none even the
stolid videos every 1/2 million life so
leave me a comment what you guys think
we should do for the puppies if they hit
a million views cuz I'm saying what you
do like I was thinking we should fight
him like more beds because we have these
two beds but they're always fighting
with the couch and self about having
more beds I see what's gonna happen here
this is a draining board alright I just
washed it why are you late look at this
there's stains all over it because
Johnson thinks it's a chopping board
it's a training board up
I seen though you love me murder all of
our gods but look look she's trying to
see what's going on she had her head
like she's such a cutie Oh what you guys
think is that safe I'm not really sure
phones ringing say hello say hello who's
calling hello this is she's like she's
like it's not like mom's lungs moves
around with you press the button yeah
are you supposed to type a message with
one two three four
you watched it look so what'd you guys
think that was our present from
stylehaul yes kind of said 18 months but
I think she wants it now so we're gonna
give a turn now it's called pretty purse
fill and spill and it says 18 months but
like I don't understand how it could be
I see that I don't understand how it
could be like unsafe for her age now so
I don't know hmm you want this you want
the keys that the keys to your very
first car
what about and magic Oh magical mirror
mirror mirror on the wall who's the
prettiest of them all oppa scissors yeah
it's best to run with scissors always
right is this OH is this girl that's
amazing it is she just went for it she's
actually gaining control in her hands no
more that one actually says three on it
look your dad is two of them or it's a
bum looks like a bum as well
mmm you want to you want to number two
wrong number two which one you want take
the one you want from the one you love
the most
oh no she went for my un provide one one
you're gonna be one oh my god you're
gonna be one thing like how many six
seven months and here you can put them
yeah see this is why it's more advanced
cuz if they're supposed to like put them
in oh she's just gonna eat that he's
like in the mouth in the mouth
Oh her first makeup kit what her brush
is like oh my goodness look there
actually were already on look I'm GA
Good Morning America what's so cool what
do these look away hey buddy hey buddy
let me
you mean these are wising sir yeah look
show mama my hands aren't clean so I
don't put them in yeah I just wash mine
oh my god yeah yeah yeah yeah in the
middle oh my god I can see yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay everywhere
everyone's Cola what's going on
everyone's comb ah oh my goodness
hmm what the hell would you stop at PE
huh stink of soil yeah you soiled
yourself guys huh you going to the
dentist wouldn't we need to have braces
on her brace hunter comes get Invisalign
yeah that's so crazy the two bottom
teeth oh my goodness you're so big huh
he got cooties Hachi Nikki had a family
okay actually has does anyone actually
have footage
so uh what second uh someone else if
anyone has any footage thank Sarah for
favorited my tweet their energy footage
so at to give any footage I will pop it
in here I'll be is ganging up the castle
gasps oh oh sorry it's not like my OB
song you don't like my OB song pop he's
the king of the castle oh jeez God just
cuz you're famous doesn't mean you can
act like that guys it's gone to their
heads it's gone completely to our heads
huh hey how these claim the spot yeah
hmm hey LD you're the girl with the bow
yeah I'm just free from a I'm
metrosexual Hey
oh he dropped it go get into there write
everyday on back back back back vacuum
vacuum environment by cracking vacuum
and back back back back you all real man
vacuum with pink Hattie's fact oh my
goodness you're so cute what are you
doing she's just sitting up like a big
girl I don't even think she realizes
that she is sitting up like by herself
hmm what do you think what are you doing
she's like a little person you are a
little person say my name is Amelia say
I love mama mama hey mama hey mama
he's mama
do you love mama gosh darnit say yes huh
hey yeah do you love mama
do you love mama see mama
nope just not in a chatty mood right now
whoa the here is roast chicken today I
look at handbag oh yeah why just give it
a little bit him a little bit yeah you
know give him a little bit of your moldy
food look at this moly food for drugs
Oh give you all the treats
stain Oh your how is it obvious Roque
today's date exactly yeah it's fine you
guys know yum yum that's enough chicken
for everyone what's Emilia gosh how's
this for her yeah Oh yo much I'll take
this one
I know you can have that one Oh God Oh
what was the thing what is it
I think I kind of crack you little boy
no huh
tada I fixed it I broke it fix it in the
same moment right I love it oh wowzers
well I'm gonna fortunately you're doing
routine living isn't it uh-huh
well how's that working out today so far
huh you just none of these for you
obviously right
are these cleanly made Emma did you make
these in a clean room that's not me you
like brandy sugar Oh real flowers Oh
drink that stuff in there Emma there any
brown sugar in here
bigot singing so she won't do that to my
dishwasher for some reason like being
better that what she wanted so it's so
strange
she's really loving being at Alma's head
I don't know she just got she's so happy
are you happy in your not me
yeah say hello media speaking I know him
it is speaking go get to the choppa
Gillian oh so this is what I did okay
look at this Jonathan what I found here
the Santa hat with the beard from like
two years
oh I knew it you don't have me move out
without taking anything ever I moved on
exactly yeah we're like don't tell
people I know anyways so but I don't
want to put everything back in set it
all on fire that's what I would do then
trying to make me out like a little
memory book or something more things
like it came out of people look no no no
stop stop stop guys don't it's a great
that's cute but guys no no go wake one
the dogs are all getting excited now and
I just made them into piles god I think
come on like it beta in a second I have
not instagrammed in like ages what's
this only 50,000 level no way is that
950,000 oh my god is it actually going
to go a million no no it's not no it's
not somehow it's going to everyone's
just going to lose interest before it
has tit things like that don't happen
they happen to like real big youtubers
not it no no like I happen right
Instagram
my shadow
if you imagine Amenia could you huh all
right let's get a picture of you it's
been a while it's been a while now say
hi say hi dad
hike oh that's a good one oh did I get
that one oh that's a pretty good one
nice job what what are you doing what
are you doing what are you doing now
upside down
oh nice moves all right let's go you
ready for a bad time
you ready for bad time you're so damn
cute you're so damn cute you're so damn
cute
so John's doing me yes bath for the
first time on his phone well in ages and
her lotion is all I think he's doing
very well
Mama's made a vital mistake oh no what
are we doing nope I think why are you
holding my hands I can't do it if you
hold my hands I can't do it if you hold
my I just trying to moisturize your face
ah you've never done this before it's
our first time it's okay we'll just pull
over here we'll just put a little bit
here no let go
dead glands don't eat the moisturizer
don't eat the moisturizer
okay it seems okay
is there supposed to be a layer of
thickness to the moisturizer how how
moist is it supposed to be huh it's just
like a handful
it just takes ages to rub it all in yeah
I know don't eat my hand know you're
eating why are you even doing it what
she's got me
she's got my hands is that my let's see
oh you are foggy oh she looks fine did
she yeah but for a just always tons of
it there so long has been a nun got on
her hair what's wrong with that well cuz
why would you want all right
I wrote my story I read see you put
moisturizer in your hair why you see all
the leftover baby just draw your hand to
your hair you just let it rub it in your
hair what it's not do that one will do
that no that makes your hair greasy what
is wrong with a nice moisture I come to
think of it I've seen you do that now
that I think about it your voice fresh
your roots you are so weird
let go of it no it's just no I just like
you warm it in your hands first hmm I
learned that mistake too this is dad's
way dad's rules if it was in your
t-shirt that's baby that's rules
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
