fine I will fine fine but I'm gonna do
it day by day
yeah because today is this week tomorrow
is next week
oh oh this is the problem guys I don't
think there's enough in there to make a
copy go there is another coffee option
over here but it's chocolate coffee or
something hazelnut cream not only a
breakfast coffee so somebody's gonna
have to go to Tesco and get some coffee
oh yeah oh it's an owner
it's another dollar another : guys dolan
day but we're on our way to get you
coffee
Oh
so I was thinking like am I gonna start
feeding her before is six months because
every time I get my cereal in the
morning like my porridge you wanna come
down yoga and meaning I get so excited
and like every time I eat something it's
like I feel like she wants to eat you
know I feel like she wants to start
she'll like open her mouth when I put
something near her like if I you know
pretend to feed her like say I put my
bowl up to her whatever she goes like
and she tries to like bring it into her
mouth and stuff the reason I have to
come out of it pastor though is because
I really wanted that at that Greek
Italian coffee again
it's much I know let's go this one again
have some anybody have a problem morning
class on speak up no breakfast there we
go that's better
the replacement has been set all right
now that's we take that's it's it's a
do-over it's a breakfast do-over tada
what are you opening your is something
boring I'll be cops
oh I'll be cups it's probably a better
option but I'll be getting the cross on
okay what the hell is this is that
Buddha remnants or something in there
no it's icing know what I just realized
you could put that there that's how you
store the Hoover I had no idea
I'm so stupid hi here's the street
napping Missy she's like she slept for
like I don't know she's not for like
three hours and her coke sleeper last
night over the total well I wasn't a
total fail but you know it wasn't great
this is girl I follow on like I found
her blog and I'm not she friends with
her like when I lived in London we used
to meet up and stuff but anyways she
started this thing on her Instagram she
set up like a whole new Instagram and
stuff for it but it's basically where
she's like eating clean I wouldn't want
to do it but then like I would you don't
think I could do it because I like
sweets to watch I have to have sweets
especially at nighttime I just can't I
can eat like pretty healthy throughout
the day but I have to have like some
kind of dessert or something and fruit
just doesn't cut it
I think I would probably last a day on
this leave but I really wanted to do it
and Joe ffice doesn't think I could do
it
and he won't listen to me so I thought I
would talk to you guys because he's a
horrible husband he saw mean I hate him
so much you don't trust you don't
believe in me why do you rely her skin
is so amazing and clear so I want clear
skin I want to I want evening cream
yeah for like the whole day and then at
night time I always have sweets washer
boom clean chocolate I really want to do
it next week yeah but I know I'm gonna
fail if I say it and then I fail it I'll
literally I'll last a day and then I'll
have to be like hey guys I failed
oh my gosh don't you do what you learn
to drive yeah I know I should do that
too yeah you see that first and then you
can try to there's no relation to the
other I'm not being vain driving keep
driving yeah then you can drive yourself
and shops and buy all your pain food can
you imagine we have a lot of cream food
in race but can you imagine if your skin
was so nice that you didn't have to wear
makeup I never wear makeup I've got
pimples okay you're so not motivational
Oh what's wrong with you you're talking
that you're supposed to be like my
motivational hero yeah but like I
motivate people like the other chance
you could do yeah you don't think I
could
Oh fine I will fine fine
but I'm gonna do it day by day I'm not
gonna say I'm gonna do I'm gonna say I'm
gonna do it yeah
like hour by hour because today is this
week tomorrow is next week no this is a
cool trick right look she cheats you
that open up Photoshop right and you
just get like just open up a thing I put
on paint and let her draw you're gonna
draw gonna draw oh that's pretty
oh okay oh oh nice oh yeah you're gonna
make a nice part is a different brush
you changing this office oh we're
opening the mail early whose are we the
emails your business may be popped up
those they're pop up those emails there
maybe we should just plop the emails
back down low okay okay now everything
on the screen is gone okay oh that's a
No Oh No okay what you done huh you're
so cute but anyway it works out fine for
a little while but obviously I'm not
quite sure what's happened here
there we go it's fine it's back but it's
cute look is you can just let them play
on the trackpad and once they once they
press it it's like and she can draw away
in a trackpad never yeah emancipate
yourself from mental slavery none but
ourselves can free our woman I have no
fear for atomic energy
you've got to fulfill the book won't you
help to sing the songs of freedom is all
I ever had our damn shoes
so this song is following me around
today so Anna is a she's heading out to
a friend heads later and we were like
she's gonna get loads of stuff done so I
was like okay well aminos being a
fusspot so i was like why don't father
dearest take Amelia with me so I'm
bringing her for a drive as she falls
asleep see she's fast asleep she's fast
asleep so like if I turn a car off she
might wake up there's no harm right well
like Porsches have weird hum brakes
they're like under here so the hum brake
is on it's in part I think it's perfect
it's perfectly safe right
oh well via the wash was a success as we
can see here we're still fast asleep I'm
saying how point out though Amazon she's
baking at the moment so I was like oh
I'll just go for a drive just go for a
little Drive around for next like half
an hour so just to keep her asleep
haha we have we have beaten baby Wow
okay that sounds terrible I'm not
beating my baby I just I have beaten no
no I haven't beaten my baby
okay we need to M read The Cove in a new
way we have one we have outsmart we have
outsmarted the baby okay so I'm just
making some quick brownies here my
ingredients I am NOT adding nuts and
cherries I think was another thing I
don't have those so I'm not gonna add
them but I'm going to a friend's house
I'm just whipping up some brownies
they're from the Jamie Oliver 30-minute
meals cookbook if you're interested
Josephus was nice enough to take Emilia
out with him because she is being a
little no naps Taccone gelling agent he
just is refusing to nap so yeah he was
nice enough to do that for me because so
that I could have a little bit of a
break cuz she's coming with me later hey
buddy hey little buddy
I heard you are awake I can't you are
awake huh what the circus is that the
circus is not here unfortunately
unfortunately it's not here yeah okay oh
god okay we put this little cover on but
I don't know why you're throwing your
covers off what are you trying at
corazon corner who are you towing your
covers off bronies are in the oven you
can't clearly see them in there but oh
yeah this stuff is so annoying
I don't know this was like here when we
moved in
but our often can you see like this it
just looks dirty like in there it's
inside the actual glass like it's not
it's not on the inside if you know I
mean like when I try and on the other
side of the glass when I try and clean
it it doesn't commit because it's
trapped like in between the glass it's
weird you know when I learned to drive I
learned to drive on a 20 year old piece
of crap
probably it was an OSI eight one eight
was the registration number Ellie's
never oh he would eat because it was so
like he goes like a 1983 escort myself
my brother and my sister we're all when
you're apart so we all learn to drive at
the same time so we don't like take this
car and we'd fight over petrol we'd all
crash it and scratch it and you know it
was like the abusing it was a car to
learn to drive on and then eventually I
moved on to started getting nicer cars
and for myself and then I didn't crash
them and stuff you know so when I was
like and I was like do I get her like a
500 euro piece of crap car that she
drives that she scratches and stuff and
it's like whatever it doesn't really
matter but then I'm like yeah but the
only time she's really gonna be driving
this car is with Amelia and it's like oh
crap I gotta get her a car that's like
really safe so like should I get her
like a new car but then what if she
scratches a new car I'm like crud so I'm
like I don't know what to do then all
the cars you got even this car we just
bought this car without having it to get
any tests because you know I don't mind
driving in an older car you know I like
I don't really care you know I mean like
it's just I'd rather not have to pay any
money back or not have any dad they
don't have like an older car you know
rotting rather your newer car and then
loads nodes a high debts you know that
let the rich folk buy the cars have them
for a couple of years right then when
they get bored them they're like honey
we need a new Bentley you can take their
leftovers I'll take the rich people's
leftovers
I don't mind they're just this good and
yeah so you just dude no guns death
that's why I was I was gonna like you
know spend a couple of grand in Vienna
like you know I was looking out there a
one Sears BMW or a Mini Cooper something
like that you know but then I was like
do I spend more money again
like a manure version that's safer and
better because Amelia's went her or what
what if she scratches and crashes that
car and I really annoyed you know so
it's kind of a hard dilemma leave me
some comments and leave you some
thoughts and let me know what you guys
think
have you ever been enough dilemma just
thanks Mike my brownies are done
this is what they turned out like first
time I took them out and they weren't
ready yet so I just put them in for five
minutes longer the recipe said 11 to 14
minutes lated them for 13 and then I did
five minutes longer because they just
weren't set at all but now they look set
and I'm probably gonna kill Cena right
now because she's barking for absolutely
no reason there would be no let's go
before just you and me huh no mom around
just you and me on the venture yoga
trucks no yogi mugs that's we get some
we get some we get some Easter eggs Zoey
smile for Easter eggs spot for Easter
eggs
all right get you nice and tucked in
okay now you better go to sleep on the
way home you hear me I want to see Zed's
coming out okay
I'll be watching you okay mmm mmm let me
up
look at everyone on the couch look at
everyone on the couch huh
well boy oh boy did we have an adventure
and look what mom did while we were gone
Oh can't wait to have all of them then
huh what are we gonna watch oh no you're
going to what I was thinking what are we
gonna watch but you're going to was like
a way after what we haven't watched last
week's Top Gear yet apparently he takes
a Shelby gt500
huh and they race across France I think
to Milan or something like that sounds
epic doesn't it into 500 v8 mmm things
like 500 brakes whoa are you excited or
do you want to Peppa Pig hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
