I'm gonna try to film this oh this music
video today other is asleep with Amelia
upstairs trying to remain out here good
see if I can play on laptop and just
record a little bits of it um I do what
I want but I'm not sure if I can do this
like on my own but I gotta see if I can
do of my own because I don't want it and
the stupid Amelia and I want to keep up
asleep huh I want to keep her asleep so
I take this for exactly yeah the tea
here which I was going to use look about
this thing here 440 teabags
because I was like what's the biggest
amenity I can buy in this Thompson 440
teabags I don't drink tea it's a good
tea what I do drink tea I think that
does her burly teeth tend not to drink
like you know standard tea gee those
different ideas for but like I'm like
okay look this is like the first the
pilot of am making these music things so
I just want I just need to get it up you
know time kids gone by and I keep not
doing it and I'm like oh goodness I need
to just record this try and get it up
just trying to get it up there and just
see what you guys think so yeah
see if people react to it see how people
you know did it like it and it's like
okay well maybe I'll make more you know
or maybe everyone will hate it the most
in the world ever and I will just spend
the rest of the day crying in bed
Whitney strike which does not she sound
that bad cuz I get a knee strike oh my
goodness look 144,000 on this thing so
cool isn't it
I'm so happy with the doggies huh you
know it's crazy though um it's a
30-second video and like why would you
just you don't like the heart I'm
shaking is so crazy somebody actually
uploaded a bit oh what's that
I'm sorry it's taking down because it's
not owned by your Oh Oh sad face sad
face
but it's like why don't you steal
somebody's like 30-second video just
don't make your own leisure showing so
right for the business call it'll make
sense it'll make sense to do that if
you've seen the video or maybe even seen
the video but this is for my business
call on a business called Stella's
that's across your heart you're far ok
so we need this and here's the best but
I need to uh I need to put stains and
stuff on sit down
oh look at this is a munchkin over here
look at you
thank you huh look it's you huh this is
why this is why from Rihanna's filling
her music videos she doesn't have babies
on set this is why cuz you're a nuisance
hello since I tell you you're so cute
though he's so cute she got there you
gonna pull that up it's so scared
no you gonna pull that up leave her
there anymore my first dish to even her
eggs our sauce I know this less restrict
do anything no kissing the baby okay
mommy's killer alright you know I feel
like I need an English accent or
something all right what do you guys
think is a cure I beat him to death with
his own shoes
this guy from Wayne's World you know a
guy using the donor party sitting here
telling the story this is how I figured
he looks look there's this is for the
businessman when I'm a business round on
business cause we're styling is done by
Anna saucony
Anna saucony calm she's brilliant should
check her out she just I love beauty
videos you like that it's absolutely
amazing
there's gonna be so much fun did the
overcoming team up water and the cup and
don't forget to yourself oh cuz you
could have even come up to you you got
to get with me if you want I taste a cup
of tea
alright this is like the hardest shot
okay
mmm because we're one shot at getting
this right we're going to use two liters
of my four litres of milk and I'm gonna
like drowning myself in and with there's
no going back as though what yeah yeah
so we're gonna tell you what's less than
that with a liter of water to fill up a
cup and then we just pour over in one
time you missed the system I totally
forgot to vlog I changed caption for
Mike Mike Mike businessman seen oh my
this is crazy
we're just luck oh my god that is the
funniest thing I've ever seen in my
first shot
hey I didn't know what's gonna happen
yeah I can't even see aah oh my god
I stink but I'm a light throw oh my god
guys I had the video ID in the light
milk from the shower oh my god
and video is gonna be oh and I wanna cup
of tea
alright so we need some coffees I am
kaput I am so rekt because I made a
1-minute video look at this coffee tea
everywhere oh my goodness that was like
I don't know maybe I should put like
outtakes or something at the end a bit
in the shower like I think I just I
laughed so much like it was a funniest
thing I've ever seen a lot and oh my
goodness I hope you guys i hope i hope
it will advise is funnier like my first
endeavor and sort of comedy music i
don't know i don't know what the what
they call it but em joke with jokes
musical joke be good oh oh you were
great you are great I appreciate so much
your hard work and you you're in the
video everyone's in the video oh yeah
mmm Bianca was our first choice we
casted behind general we casted you in a
role but unfortunately it wasn't really
working on the screen test
so her understudy Theodore Declan and
unfortunately um an executive decision
was made and Teodor got the role but
we're gonna use human future productions
we have her on file that's the important
thing we have her on file
they're very interested you made it you
made it don't worry you may you are
asleep for most of us thank God thank
God
anyone wants some some tea um they have
been partially soaked in milk and rubbed
all over my body but they are available
$7.99 I'll give you the whole back for a
fiver
look at this thing right it's a pizza
that has sausage rolls all the way
around it and comes with a dip of cheese
oh it's called a hot dog pizza that is
insane oh my god let's get one
let's get ten that is just insane that's
like a joke that is almost a joke isn't
it holy crap you're out
if you want a taste Cup te by now you're
probably all have seen it if not click
right here right now and go watch that
video leave a like leave a comment
favourite it send it to your grandmother
and say this is what the future holds
this is the business to future um I
suppose I should do like an outtakes or
something like that maybe I'll stick
them in this video I'll put all the
outtakes in here now well I
oh yeah I think cuz there was a couple
which is kind of funny so I stick them
in now and catch you later ok I better
make sure you can see is winning though
forget to turn yourself Oh cuz you're
gonna have a cup cheese you got to get
with me
um thank you cup of tea you got to get
with me yeah yeah this is all like
recording stuff cuz you wanna have to
take a cup of cheese you got to get with
me water and the cup and don't forget to
turn yourself up cuz you want to have a
second cup achieve you got to get with
me
I taste to go they walk around the P on
the street that's a graph she's just
looking at the late like you can't see
my track see right no no oh I could see
that on top if you like amia T and V
baby did you see where it goes five six
seven eight our family our different
kinda because I walk around the day on
this street on a business call making
stripes and grass your five year higher
done demand at all
coffee changes are different kind of
beast doesn't walk around okay
this she watches you're hired
sitting in my kitchen have a little
bitchy wait for a devil boy if you want
I paced car T damn right you did right
good enough
if you want I'll be a lot better by her
to boot I know okay so you need to
he's all over you
are you in a fort unfortunately you are
in a fort hi if you want a testicle
booty hippy dippy dippy dippy dip with
me
oh let's jump in - okay yeah you want a
taste
dip dip it dip with me oh yeah so the
other night we didn't get it on camera
is really annoying what jovis said it
was amazing yeah who's one of the best
moment ya ever did I miss it
sofas had media in his arms and he had
just picked her up and she was like
smiling at me she's smiling over at me
she kept like tilting her head like to
look at me and smiling and I was like oh
you're so cute you're so cute and then I
like do you love me and she totally said
yeah it was like yes yeah she's like I
can't remember how stirred up with you
she said yeah anyways not knowing was
due yet yeah she's like yeah who's like
you food and we are removing like and
then I was like dammit yeah I think I'm
the master again of course didn't do it
again because she didn't like
consciously do it she just she said yeah
at that particular moment but Gina made
that you're falling over buddy do you
like you want to pick yourself up do you
like mommy's boobs yeah I do
oh she is kind of funny though when I
start to take out my boob from she gets
excited yeah she goes like
there we go make a little portrait do
someone should invent like a cushion for
it like a cushion wall use crunchy face
scrunchie face scratchy wait scrunchie
face scrunchie face let's go G did you a
bike tires version
hey that's not know I feel like hey
Yankee bear yeah oh hell yeah hell yeah
listen to me now listen to me now here's
occur hi my feeble pips beaver with big
babies one tall tree a second when you
marry a cook when two tree tree turkey
trees return her history did you press
that yes you did actually and she cuz or
is it default playing oh yeah Evan says
good bye yeah bye bye bye boy it's so
English cheerio cheerio G compass hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
