oh listen listen I said over there oh my
goodness we got a surprise this morning
and after a gym
I do need to put the roses in here get
rid of these flowers what steps a card
here this nanika love shouldn't be an
effort you know if you really love
somebody it shouldn't be an effort to do
things you shouldn't feel like oh not to
have to do that you know it should be
just something that like comes natural
to you so I never am I just realized I
didn't I didn't edit yet but I just kind
of flick him through transferring the
footage now I was like I never not the
way thing so I was I didn't make 175 but
I make one 76.2 which come on 16.2 oh my
goodness it was like right there when I
was like I'll put on the new clothes and
stuff and I have like being purposely
wearing like you know like total like
you know kind of clothes that do not
flatter me at all
you know let's go wearing baggy stuff
and like real just baggy clothes and
things that don't make you look really
good so you don't notice if don't show
yourself
any progress and like I was saying I'm
wearing a t-shirt to bed because then I
can't see myself in the mirror all the
time so I can actually see the
difference and then yesterday I put on
like a fitted top for the first time in
like about a month and um I don't know I
was just like that Instagram picture I
don't know it's just kind of stupid you
know I'm probably it's gonna be the end
slate for today
I really like it I just I looked at it I
was like on I actually look really good
feel like I got a win I feel I got a
major win and it's just encouraged me to
work harder you know I'm like ah yeah
like I can't wait they're like I know
I'm gonna I'm gonna round but I'm like
oh my god you spent like I have this
video rambling in the car I feel amazing
and I I'm just so happy with myself and
I
you guys you know anyone that made a
resolution a New Year's to em to lose
weight or to do something you know I
hope you're doing I'll be sticking to it
cuz I'm telling you it feels amazing and
if you didn't right and if you fail
don't worry it was Chinese New Year a
couple of days ago which is like a kind
of a second go given an amine so you can
you can be like oh my Chinese New Year's
resolution it wasn't my other New Year's
resolution my Chinese I made a Chinese
New Year's resolution and I'm just I'm
gonna start it now okay listen what's
that over there oh my goodness we got a
surprise this morning huh daddy left us
a surprise look roses and a card
what a nice daddy you have huh yeah oh
thanks Joe feet jokes that was so sweet
I was not expecting anything for you you
didn't get anything from mommy
mommy's burnt out from dad's birthday
but we have cupcakes we have an
abundance of an abundance of buttons and
abundance of cupcakes because it made
like 36 or something I gave like 12 to
my mom and yeah so we have like 24 is
that right actually it didn't make
exactly 36 it made a little bit less but
that's okay I heard the post come in and
most people send stuff just to RPO box
but then we have like certain family
members that obviously want it to get to
us like more personally here even though
we just always say like send it to the
peal box but obviously some people are
just like sending stuff to our house
which is perfectly fine but it the
problem with that is that the dogs get
to stuff sometimes so I was in the
shower and I heard it happen and look
this is only like the remnants of it I
picked up most of it but they shredded
Jonathan's birthday card from his dad so
I'm so sad about that because it was
actually a really nice card so if you're
watching I'm ready
sorry well the dogs are sorry and we're
dressed we went with a white and pink
hearts for a Valentine's Day can you see
the hearts probably not
headband from next happy hour she looks
so cute
I don't know can you see the heart no
I'll take an outfit picture of you oh
she likes the string on this camera I
like that
she was pulling it okay let's go down I
don't know what this yet it doesn't
really much it's kind of the wrong pink
but I think I'm gonna keep it cuz it's
really soft underneath it's really nice
material hello County Cork welcome do
count you go home of County Cork in
Capricorn
have you been to County Cork Oh
so this girl called Gina from I think
Texas right I think she sent I'll
feature this in my video but she's
confident yes she sent this amazing
package look it's all pink as well with
flowers on it so cool and she sent
chocolate for jovis and she was like I
know you're on a diet and everything but
um she was like calories don't count on
this one and look it's white coconut by
lint but look what she did she like
blacked out all the calories calories do
not count on this tree that was really
funny
oh my goodness a L'Oreal L'Oreal Paris
Bonjour sent both of us a box there's
Anna's one because it Nana's one oh all
right sorry let's see my one alright
oh my goodness what have you got what
you got what have you got aunty blocked
pores no idea what that means
Hydra daily purifying magnetic magnetic
effect
Viva left anti-aging for men
I roll lines for dark circles and bags
no way I'm so jealous of girls because
you guys don't have enough sleep all you
have to do is like put on some stuff
triple resistant reinforcing shampoo mmm
hair loss targeting system okay and
what's this hydrating quenching gel air
gel technology I don't even know what
that is but it sounds amazing what we're
charging moisturizer moisturizer pure
hair no all your skin what's this one
look turbo booster recharging
moisturizer for your hair for your face
David wants a purifying charcoal Murphy
Stevie play we're sending all my
pictures we're trying to print that
Instagram pictures but we have to kind
of prop them with this kind of nine
like I lost a good bit like you know
yeah more so in the pictures of her like
out section so you can't see
so I think she'll appreciate it though
yeah I'm watching her any pictures there
you know
huh don't send any pictures of her
you're gonna help but they came out
really really well I'm surprising how
good they turn out
haha oh that's a trick you ate in it I
had a crop itch
it's alright though
if I were you I would probably take the
life
for the totally acuteness pepper meters
you seem awfully popular there you seem
awfully popular okay the game he's
getting good she's getting good
this is me this is me Cena Cena Cena
Cena Cena oh good boy here all right
he'll how are you doing how's Alvey
doing
Bobby don't joke oh look how he knows
this one here i'll be i'll be i'll be
i'll be odin Keo is the worst headed
Ivy's gonna find that what do look at
him look at him the treats gone ages ago
no it's burn so we had a pile of
leftover ingredients port of pancakes so
um we're gonna have a second go of
pancakes today wait a pile of what is
your favorite team to do wit nutella
this brings me back right I don't know
if you guys remember or you have him
when I was like I don't know about like
12 or 13 right we used to buy like the
big pots in the talent knock these
little crappy pots that you get nowadays
I don't know maybe you can buy them you
know like the big Mongo pots in the
tella you saw to brighten stuff called
Montana I don't even know if it's
available in the world anymore
you might have legalized it because it
was crazy but it was like this brown
bread with like tons and tons of salt
islands in it and you toast it and then
you drench it in Nutella and then you
eat it
yeah I saw in the comments right so
we're saying that I should see how many
times I can flip the pancake in 30
seconds I think it was like the Guinness
Book of Records I don't know it was like
20 or 30 or something that welcome
Eternia I'm gonna go in a second I've
got bum buh buh buh buh but well we
check right I'm gonna get my phone here
we're gonna tie in 30 seconds and we're
gonna see how many pancakes I can flip
in 30 seconds how many good do what do
you think leave comments below for you
to pause the video or leave below and
have a guest like like 1 or 5 or 10 or
15 or I'm gonna say 30 seconds if I can
do 15 like 1 2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
if I can do 15 in 30 seconds I now be
Debbie I don't mean that 2 seconds per
flip did you just practice it and I'm
gonna why am i reading Twitter I don't
know I don't know what I mean timer on
the iPhone and go one two three four
five six seven eight nine eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen eighteen nineteen Twenty
twenty one two three four five six seven
eight 29 30 31 32 33 34 25 6 to 700 38
landed pretty ain't landed on 31 so 38
huh
oh man see the waiter my god I got some
rhythm
and stop that and I like such a good
rhythm situation you are on for him oh I
bet I could do way better than that
what is the world record I suppose they
probably have like you probably have to
12 much higher than when I play hey that
was pretty cool
do you ever see this episode of Big Bang
it's when a Sheldon is doing YouTube
videos and it's so funny he doesn't show
their flags here we go
YUM we're having some I'll be nice
Canadian syrup and it's a nutty Nutella
I've got the Swiss we got the Canadians
and we got the Italians with some French
crepes it's a very European
you're right here just because of the
dignity hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's -
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
