ah the skill to it boys got skills
hi there little one hi there no one you
know munching on your links yeah and
look guys
Oh maybe again yeah see her legs like
her tippy toes do you remember when we
first got this her likes it's on the
lowest setting because it has like three
settings I think but her legs wouldn't
touch the ground like they were just
dangling there because she's so tiny
but um now they're like her tippy toes
are touching so I still have the cushion
there but I don't think I'll need it for
much longer so she's obviously grown
that's kind of cool oh yeah see look
this is a little thing she just with her
arms puts her arm in there so there's
less space hey come and hug me I love
you oh my goodness what a day it is a
busy day a busy body day I am shooting
the video the video boom I need to pick
up like tons and tons of tea for the
scene like milk I need to get tons of
milk as well oh it's gonna be a messy
situation but it should be hilarious
you're so weird why do you like that so
much like her face coffee
hmm anyone some I want some yeah I'm
sorry I can't give you any we're gonna
bake something nice for Dad
today this is probably making you guys
dizzy
so I'm trying to figure out what I'm
gonna bake for Joe Fisk
I'm not doing a cake I'm doing cupcakes
because that's kind of more my thing I
think I don't know not that I'm like an
amazing cupcake Baker either I just
think they're cute but um so I have two
options here first one is like a perfect
Valentine's one but it's chocolate so
and he loves chocolate cake like I don't
like this isn't really gonna be
something that I will probably like that
much but he just he way prefers
chocolate cake chocolate everything
actually come across a good few recipes
in here that I could do I'm just I I'm
trying to kind of kill two birds with
one stone by doing like the Valentine's
one and I don't know like if you'll
appreciate that or there's these
espresso cupcakes because you guys know
he loves coffee this kind of seems like
it could be a little bit more difficult
but I don't know what you guys think the
mastering is the song took a lot longer
than expect it and it is 20 to 5 but
that's it that's it but I'm going to try
because it's so dark now and so for my I
can't film the video here you're now a
five month old and I think it's time
that you learned something about the
family that you've become part of today
there's no ordinary Tuesday today is a
Tuesday like no other Tuesday
you were also named after this special
Tuesday you'll know Tuesday Titus
we're going to buy all the vectors that
are available in the world and we're
going to the biggest Tesco available to
us not the small to the Mahoney and
point ionian or des closest we're going
to wait on whoa
well Tony na this is where the mommy
baby one should be not like 400 miles
away in the outback right it's good as
spotlights this is a Wilton looks like
we hardly ever come here what your
kickers they're not the cargo have a
look see if it actually your my oh my oh
my oh wait oh no oh no look it's just
the a maybe it was a different area you
know this isn't seem like the actual
official area it seems like the special
offer area you know we'll check the
official area you might get lucky you
know it's so weird because you know
where you come to this test over
attending like immediately saying but
yet laid out differently I worked in
this Hesco when I was in college brings
me back
I remember stacking shelves yeah this is
the biggest one
taping their mamas abandoned us
I was over at the ice cream mommy's in
love with the ice cream mama love HP
more than yield are we kidding
she doesn't she might go she might a
little bit huh she might a little bit I
mean he wants to know do you love the
ice cream more than her there was no
response there was no response we're
stuck we can't find chili in adobo sauce
or something I don't know
Adobe Premiere I didn't know Adobe made
chili powder like and I always just I
want her to chocolate muffin at morning
my luck even chilly things though didn't
make any sense to me
I like Gangnam style oh no hey look
could you spell something here hold on
is it my tea because plastic and Joanie
have you got artists no asses yes
there's no A's there's loads of C's cccc
no this is the official area so I just
feel Stephanie on here unless the person
that tweeted me taught I meant these
things but it wasn't diarchy diggers it
was the Yorkie cars I feel I felt like I
was I was led astray
what Oh for actual Easter huh wait a
second I know it seems to Paul dozers
therefore forties Wednesday I don't even
know what's going on on Thursday
Valentine's Day meaning Valentine's Day
is for young single focus you know maybe
people don't participate in Valentine's
Day
oh my god are you serious
and check out the link below this video
it's called a proposal it involves
candles and petals it doesn't matter
it's something romantic things for you
know these are lies these are lies I
don't know you know I want that you want
this thing here the Continental tours
and that actually looks like an egg I
wouldn't mind that - oh look it's Miffy
that's crazy you Tesco pull Neffe Johnny
got some supper
it's Ash Wednesday tomorrow
so then Easter isn't Easter at the other
end of that it's like Lent like 40 days
something like that it moves around all
the time it does doesn't it you wanna
get your Ash tomorrow what do you give
it up for Lent I'm hoping you're going
to take up napping for lunch
that'd be pretty cool and you're gonna
give up teething and fussing huh and
pull explosions that would be gooder
than it like somebody dropped a million
years see many times I would like leave
work and go across the road to our home
water myself and I used to come here in
the middle of the night it's so crazy
oh lucky
are you blocking in by mistakes oh all
right
let's get home and gorge ourselves on
pakku bass so everybody in the whole
atmosphere of YouTube is doing the
Harlem shake videos right and how I saw
I saw like shays 1 & 2 making sure you
want up and I was like oh my goodness
like I totally want to do one but it's
like on you need loads of people you
need to make it crazy and stuff you know
what I was thinking is I gonna oh my
goodness we only have one baby I'm
zoning misshapen Anna but we do have a
crazy amount of dogs nobody's done the
Harlem shake
puppy version yet and I was like holy
crap no one likes you done that yet we
are totes gonna do that so it's only 30
seconds we could totally do this we
could totally do this guys I think I
know I think I know how I can actually
make it do it you know like it because
they can all stand up and sort of dance
this to be epic if we pull this off guys
come on come on everyone here we go just
trying to find it right here right here
right here right now all right here we
go Thanks recording hey buddy you just
uh you just sitting about you just sit
in the bed
okay ah I heard a rumor you were just
saying nothing so she feels like
enclosed in a cocoon yeah getting tired
like seriously she was sitting up on her
own for
huh Oh see mommy's here
hey champion champion eh whoa who's that
super slim guy geez I didn't even
recognize him there it's me by the way
oh boy
totes have to check that out that that's
good enough because I didn't get my
music video today but if you get this at
and then he'll do it there that is so
classic that is so classy see it's funny
Oh boobs read didn't realize that yeah
it's just like hello and welcome to
Joker's get Jim where's Lloyd although
it could not make it today cuz it's
holiday give me a spoon never wanted to
spoon this we got some milk
we got the flour ready to go we're gonna
plop in the eggs and we were gonna pan
Cole got my crap we're gonna make crop
crepes just just enough will you have it
then even though it's my birthday
morning
ya know I can't help my son Cameron on
it for milk oatmeal to handle it that
allenburg stuff is okay I'm telling you
you have that tomorrow morning breakfast
then it's very important when you tell
her is to take a lump of it mmm I'm just
eat it right let's get the eggs let's
beat some Petersons
this is a little trick that I have right
you little bloom of water right but
you're also going to need to jog and as
it melts you pour off the excess into
the job and then fry on the batter is
the batter all right let's get the mr.
fighter to loosen up the pan watching
the flip nice yeah yeah he's watching
boom
look at that huh perfection holy crap
let's go check them don't mind the TV
guys the skill to it boys got skills
there we go yeah piles and piles of
Pancakes we've got some jiff and we've
got some Nutella which is almost gone
and we haven't even started the pancakes
yet you guys sink huh
good job bad job you want one leave a
comment
maybe I'll sent you one hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's can don't forget to
like
and favorite the video because there
will be
