you go inside no I know you can't just
lock yourself into another room
Amelia stay put
why are you so Monday hey guys welcome
to moon
isn't it also crazy to think that's five
months ago today Emilio is born that was
five months ago it feels almost like it
was so it was just like what like just
five months ago but then at the same
time was like it feels like it was so
long ago I feel like I can't even
remember what life is like you know
before I had a melee up but then it just
it's only five months ago so it was such
a short time ago you know it's kind of
it's it's it's a funny one isn't it
funny one anyway
it's gonna get spot here somebody
actually tweeted me to tell it was
really funny because she was like this
is one out of a week for a second show
and she was like Monday Emilia's five
months Tuesday time koga been called up
Wednesday Geoffrey's birthday Thursday
Valentine's Day Friday Friday Friday
it's gonna peel YPO box day oh my
goodness what out what a week we're
gonna have huh family Friday that's
where is oh my goodness what a week
we're gonna have it's a it's a chunky
monkey week so we're at the gym nice and
bright and early
freezing cold freezing cold home
everything come for much longer
always on Mondays I find it really hard
to get in the bag go to gym how was your
like whatever you choose day Thursday
this week and I just go no just cuz I
just no but you get here sometimes to
drive with the music kind of wakes me up
a bit and sometimes it doesn't you know
it's like a talk show thing on there's a
lot of radios but I couldn't be artists
changing them I just live right off em
on um and then when I get here you know
just stick on the headphones I've got oh
my god I got Linkin Park I got the live
album on Lincoln parking with jay-z on
it already like that one
I didn't try to get to get that gold go
inside sometimes I'm still not feeling
it and I'm just like oh my god you just
get on the machine
start running about 50 minutes you know
and then once I just get that first
initial harrumphs going you know and
then then I'm like oh yeah alright know
if I'm 175 0.9 or point 10 or whatever
the point is I don't know anything but I
don't understand weights at all but if I
am like right on the edge I would be so
happy you know but I don't think I will
I think I had like such a looked at like
a body cam I just uh I just I it was I
just had my food you know like a better
night soon so I didn't overdo it
anywhere I just have a bit of nice food
I just felt like having a bit of nice
food as we can so chic chic II then I
was like ah all goodness I'm not gonna
do the 75 point night no can't hear you
what I didn't say it at t1 75.0 is it
175 point anything I will take it I will
take it home and I will bathe with it
but yeah so I think I'm gonna be 76
I don't know so he's just amazing isn't
it I was 85 only like three weeks ago
because I didn't know anything would
first like to achieve Reese in January
remember and then I finally got my I
finally got my schwinkle together and um
and I got this up for about what am i
doing it's like to Chi weeks now and I'm
already down like almost ten past it's
amazing isn't it I can't wait oh because
I have so many nice clothes and I have
worn them and so long because I'm always
like my baby sticks out I have a big guy
like you know and I'm just my like
fitted nice clothes you know now I'm
gonna get a haircut and I'm just gonna
clean myself up a bit not too much
90 I like shabby chic
yeah it's gonna be a good time I figure
March and then I figure April I don't I
don't I don't know ha
sorry I'm a Rambler by five-month-old
yeah you fight one thought today this
thing is filthy it's crazy how dirty
they get like those things cuz they're I
don't know they just attract dust or
something so um I need to clean it hey
hey you excited
I can't believe five months ago I gave
birth and next month it'll be half a
year how crazy is that okay let's get
some pepper on the go for a little
Amelia here and we got Valentine's cards
I don't know how don't you Bianca your
cold dank I was really bold this morning
so I'm not speaking to her right now
go away no nope I'm not speaking to you
oh crap I get it wrong look at my hair
just don't want it okay it's like she's
have it yeah what the hell is this nor
it I I don't have time to style it yet
but luckily it takes like two seconds to
style all right but it looked like you
know what I look like you know in um
Rapunzel or a tangled when she cuts her
hair for the first time and it's like
all short and like but it just looks
like it's been hacked off and it's short
and brown I'm like all her gorgeous
blonde hair is gone that's what this
looks like right now I just look like
Hello anyway so yeah media up South
sleep on the boobs got a little bit
sidetracked it's like 20 to 1 but we're
gonna get dressed Oh Oh like three but
um I need to film my video huh yeah need
to film my video with Amelia
the five month update and we've got some
new clothes exciting so this these
aren't new and these are just her
leggings gray leggings and then this is
knit what this is from my mom it's um
from Zara and it's got a little Clio
it's so cute and little star I love this
kind of material it's like that you know
like almost like a sweat pant or
something it's not like t-shirt it's
like sweatshirt kinda yeah that's what
I've been talking about sweatshirt
material and then this look this is aged
nine months but this is kind of bitter
like I know from looking at it this is
from her uncle Simon and auntie Jane and
this is from DP am that French brand
it's got grey and pink in it so and then
she's got her socks also from Zara I
think they're pink socks with little
white stars on and then I'm gonna get
her bow her paint like baby pink bow so
we're all in baby pink and gray I
finally did my hair but it doesn't look
great because I kind of left it too long
you know how sometimes if you eat well
if you're a girl you'll know what I'm
talking about
if you leave your hair for too long with
it styling it like just after you washed
it and it kind of goes to Brizzy so
that's kind of not very nice where's
your pink book I'm always missing like
the bow that I need it's so annoying
anyways Danny's on an important business
you are the poopies little girl every
song
get out of my room get out of here get
out of here what are you doing what are
you doing you ruined my video you ruin
it she was so not bad but she was so
crazy in this video it took me like an
hour to actually film like a
ten minute video oh my god you guys need
to see this cool thing that I did with
Amelia it's so many things oh my god
seriously I'm gonna show you guys right
now okay
basically what you do is you open the
knife like I made it up tell them I made
you go like tell them I made it in and
then you go like this you go you open it
and then you work no because she knows
the truth you ste stealer she's a
stealer you're a stealer of it Oh Steve
basically what no you didn't we both
stayed at the same guy and then John is
like that's mine
no I came open it no you did I oh this
is not a Creative Commons license it's
an efficient way to Isis what they do if
you open the not B and you go oh and the
baby's face is like she starts laughing
basically she thinks that's all right
and then I told I was just like have
your dignity for God's sake well I
wasn't sure you her bum tell them who
did it Oh exactly
I like you go I'm sorry no I know you
can't just lock yourself into another
room Amelia
stay put you can hide your weakling
you're a weakling here I need to do
things things you have to do really
important matters to get to pain you're
such a liar give me my vlog
my stuff on it boys is so hot what was
in them it's really scary I was like
trying to take pictures but then you
know you're distracted and then you have
to be like she's like she walking the
chair see she's like fully up now
earlier she was more like forward even
and I got pictures actually I got I can
see how much here yes you need two
people I know like well pictures beyond
this alright yeah again this like crazy
that's really scary
oh my god that's just today yeah like
well cuz I had never remember I would
put her there and she'd be like yeah
yeah just lay back my last night we were
watching our movie yeah she's just
sitting up like oh you watch this movie
called young adult with very strong yeah
it's really good you should totally
check it out these are all with the big
camera that's so cool okay guys let's go
for a walk
no no no no no ahh when will they learn
Nevaeh you're next
you're second I'll be in scene I go
first okay come here don't get so
excited
help it's not our first they actually
kind of know their turn start in state
I'll be back in 20 minutes
these are my last two it's just a box
Bianca Navy it's just a box I could tell
she was getting ready to bark focus here
we go
so these are my last two and I got
rained on
whoa no come on let's not get mama to
twist come on look how clean those
floors are huh
that is a shiny floor I tell you folks
can almost see your reflection in us in
here now cuz look at this can you guys
see you look at the footprints from the
dogs in the garden they went riot today
what a half it's all nice and clean now
now right watching some Peppa Pig huh
you haven't fine hmm I think I have a
pistachio nut problem oh goodness I love
someone tweet me this really cool like
bowl and I had like an underneath part
where you could put the shells and the
top part you can put like enough oh
goodness
so many yep that means Lloyd at myself'
alkaloid you know Jonathan we make a
tasty cheetah with the Asian veg the
parts and then and the phone rings Oh
fantastic is it Lloyd hello let's go
back to reality oh I wanted a friends
like you know it's Jack in there
vegetable
nice that's just working out for us
noodle noodles
oh great painful to my eardrums alright
I'm almost done in your pup boy toys
every time right I'll put it in and it's
screen right and as soon as I mix it in
till it go Brown wait what see turn
already so it goes from green tight just
sort of like for a long tighter II let's
see you make brown Thai curry hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
