gonna be a big girl while she's five
months tomorrow is your breakfast
that was an envy augusta by the way well
I wouldn't mind having rolled a caddy
again but it's not gonna happen
oh yeah five nine ISM I was all for it
before
is that I mean it's kind of like it's
kind of thing we have a very good it's
like you were on it remember you are a
biker chick leave any photographs back
then
oh my god remember inside and say why
did I sell out we had no money and it
was like the only thing I owned and I
sold it but was afforded the deposit for
that apartment something like that I
remember we were moving into an
environment with no money run and yeah
we just come back from London I don't
know I would not know in order to keep
regrets but that one is up there is
there like we used to go up to Northern
Ireland and my brother means to do these
track days which is kind of like em you
know like a full race circuit but you
could just go and you could like go up
there I was like open and you could just
go and you could feel like a proper
racer that was so much fun like what
kind of coffee does that make for a
thousand euros a thousand euro cup of
coffee kind of coffee does that make I
changed my mind
that is such a cool hard thing innit
that is almost the same price as the
coffee machine yeah that's
then such a cool thing is man-sized of
it
look at these ones I love those sort of
hobby sort of looking ones is it like
curlers yeah we just heated once is the
thing that you're mine you is terror to
make your hair go for it if it's a good
number we'll take it that's what they
should do in shops they should like get
the scales and like tweak them so that
when you get on and it's like my god is
amazing then you go home and you're
living alive well you know what you're
happy in your life so nice knit I I
don't mind the color so much like they
probably have couple of right oh yeah
look like what actually comes in like a
probably over here this one I'll be seen
and Nevaeh newbies Bianca Xena Anna
Jonathan and Amelia would be so much
room cuz at the moment like tea or al
gore's was always one or two dogs times
and fish
I'll be so cool dream bedroom dream
bedroom look at her comes with flowers
and everything it's a Valentine's Day
special could have done the driving
option all right whoa check out that
chick she's like super hot gonna be a
big girl while she's five months
tomorrow is your breakfast
huh
I only worry about her sleeping
underneath Oh
like yeah yummy he's so cute over there
all right got the copies no oh look at
this school right so personally me that
were in there Sunday weekend
we gotta go by it and then they had one
sitting over there you know like a few
do to do the read so I'm I don't even
have to fire score rather steal the page
away
let's have a look see what they said
squirt
I found it look everything free on the
web even abuse oh sure a photo actually
have all those photos because the
photographer guy is pretty awesome
because we've actually done stuff with
him a few times and he actually emailed
me on all these pictures which is kind
of cool this Amenia good so I'm just I'm
famished and showed up on that on
Facebook so you guys can read it outside
Ireland um I think I'll just scale this
page funding anyone Casas using this
page are they hello and welcome aboard a
Jovi flights an exit are here here here
and here please keep hands and feet
inside the changing area and everything
will be okay now step one please hand
over baby like so step two shikaka so we
went up there to get the vacuum cleaner
and we ended up getting some a nice
tasty coffee
um treats haha well costume make
nice-nice got to do late night snacks oh
my god you should get what she got my
she can write always wanted now and
Henry well now are a heady it's the same
thing you do
look she'd be like your friend take way
home
look it's a hundred and fifty here right
cross her in Currys 125 that's where you
cross check people that's why you cross
check that's alright that's what I do
that's why I class check everything
oh my god it's exactly the same I don't
know she's ready to move on though I
think she likes her dolly yeah you are
look at an espresso stain the end I
wanna see how much they are epic
what is that foam in it so foam soap
moldable foam soap want some foam soap
expressing it sit up what you have a
sauce for tonight Oh bingo was his name
yo oh my goodness we're going to curries
right nobody said anything but I think I
just got the best spot in the world ever
oh my goodness huh huh hello hello chef
oh my goodness yes yes best spot ever
invented in the world so I was just like
staying here for a while just like
occupied his face oh my god there's a
yellow one as well look this is Kansas
guy called James I never even knew her
as a James and his mom is obsessed with
yellow maybe should get a yellow
motor power capacity 9 liters idea for
pet owners who cares who cares it's pink
it it's cute looked awesome to sit here
let's unbox our new best friend
Harry hi guys my name is Hedy my name is
Hedy and the next time we replace Hedy
we're getting one of those would you
call them good little robots Roomba
Eddie's going to be replaced a room by
in a couple of years as soon as they
stop being 10 billion year old each
Kenya you could buy tomorrow they'd
probably invest in more sitting there
epic 400 oh my god I know it oh my god I
do I make friends it would become my new
best friend my best friend is a Roomba
you make comedy you have a Roomba look
at cute cheetahs hello my name is hippie
ha ha ha at the Blazing Saddles joke
alright this oh that's for the cable um
high low on off me just open it in case
let me just check out your brain make
sure there's nothing in there before we
test it
alright look at the length of the hose
in this thing it is like not yet this is
a hose it's like I'm gonna my love it
are you ready for the debut you ready is
gonna put you right to sleep we put in a
high mode let's put on like normal
hmm that's not fighting by the way
that's plain but the Anka and newbies
have like a kind of crazy relationship
where they kind of hate each other a
little bit but they are walking buddies
and I always feel bad I always feel bad
because um
why is hurt white I swear to god I'm
gonna kill somebody
this is one of the many those toys my
god it's wet
oh the doggy store toy NIMH and he'll
have like a really strong relationship
and same with obviously Albie and Cena
but if auntie are always playing
together and they love women walk
together and stuff but newbies and
Bianca are more kind of like oh my god
is there someone outside there's a dog
inside what what the hell's in earth is
it to you and avail for our dog yeah
but anyways so they kind of are more
like um
oh it's neva auntie Oh then oh yeah see
that's what I mean they're always
playing together a Bianca a new he's
like fight with each other because they
get like jealous of each other and
stuntmen but just there they were um
they're actually playing so it was kind
of nice anyways it's bath time
that's the yard Bed Bath & Beyond Ashley
baby Fibby tonight we're having some
penne pasta with some turkey at
amazonian sauce and I have it somewhere
a garlic and herb Philadelphia I were
watching The Voice we're just having a
who the other time we are I think
there's some bathing going on upstairs
what did you Nev how you are
why did you defy you I yeah
isn't he cute oh I'm bit of a perp in
there she was getting really fussy and
that's usually how I know it's it's bath
time bedtime she's getting tired huh
yeah it's about 7 or 8 o'clock something
I thought usually one roof started
because she's changed like she needs a
bedtime now you know so um
usually I'll just get her ready for her
bath and um give her her bath put on her
PJs bring her downstairs and feed her
and then instead she used to go to sleep
like for a little bit or like not for a
little bit for a couple hours in her
swing but recently she's just been um
she hasn't been liking that because
she's too stimulated by everything so
recently we've been putting her down and
as you guys have probably seen in the
co-sleeper um and hi she will actually
go to bed then um and stay asleep for a
while like it depends and as I have to
do it twice like sometimes I have to
come upstairs
um if she's really upset I might have to
bring her back down again and then feed
her and kind of do the same thing again
and then try and bring her up the second
time and that usually works or what I
sometimes done is fed her over the
co-sleeper which is really awkward for
me because I basically like lean in with
my boob unlike feed her like this so my
boob is like hanging over the thing cuz
um there is a little bit of a bump to it
so it's not like completely
on the third like side which is at our
bed if that makes sense see you guys can
pony see there's like a little Ridge
there but um yeah so it's kind of
awkward but it does work to kind of get
her back just a cute like on Sundays and
when I'm cooking I put the voice on it's
kind of like my you know it's kind of
like room in there I already the routine
or something there's something nice
about it sort of a routine isn't it I
actually look forward I'm like a hard
boy son is voice night you know and once
I take me out is like Friday and there's
other stuff on during the week but you
know that's I kind of like your big
cheesy stuff huh she looks so cute
little zebra little pink zebra okay
go downstairs and have rhinos tire yeah
I'm gonna try this coffee because it is
Italians favorite coffee
Italy's favorite coffee but you see this
right I'm always saying this Anna I'm
always stickler about this see that that
is how you know it's a real good coffee
because it should be powdery if you look
um the Kimbo one is also quite powdery
but if you check this out right see I'm
just like the Starbucks coffee it's just
it's not really that good if you look at
school right justjust just bear with me
one moment here see it's like it's like
granules you know tic granules that are
hard where is this if you can see it
it's like a powder that I'll tell you no
because that was made directly at her
coffee beans ground coffee beans give
that effect this you know it's just it's
just she's not nice you can actually
there is a taste difference you know I
could be just like picky better but I've
just tried so we're actually twinned
them but this I'm gonna try this and
because I'm always looking for a really
really good coffee so I'm gonna test
this now and I'm I hope this is really
good this is just I don't know it's just
it's not really that good you know I
just thought I would share my coffee
wisdom with you you know what else I'll
share with you the end of the book hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the
Ciccone Jolie and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
