oh okay I'm slightly concerned the
pigeon is back but now front he's back
but this time he's at the front I think
he's a spy
Saturday good this week I don't mean fun
like this cuz I figure okay guys so what
do you think this is my hair straight so
sure ah
I can't believe I actually talk at this
short what do you guys think like I know
some of you won't like it and I
appreciate that because some people are
just long hair people and they just
don't like short hair my babies just
crying as I've neglected her upstairs
I'm coming hi what's wrong what's wrong
you're not very happy right now
I know I know but we're going we're
going so we're going to get Joe has his
birthday stuff birthday present hold on
I just need to settle her if you think I
look more like a mom now but I have a
short haircut I'm such a mom anyways so
we're going to get Joe fyssas birthday
present Oh Suze I have bruises all over
my legs because this stupid bed I can't
wait to replace this back but anyways
we're gonna get daddy's present and I'm
gonna get him something from me actually
I probably shouldn't even say this cuz
he's gonna watch this so I'm going with
my mom another reason why I need to
learn how to drive I haven't been so
slacking lately on the theory test like
I haven't been studying enough for it I
should probably just like Joe has things
I should and then just like that will
motivate me to do it because this is
ridiculous like it's February and it was
one of my new year's resolutions and I
am no where mirror then I was last one
this time last month so that really
sucks
plus I'm taking the easy option guys I'm
learning automatic I don't know if I
said that before and I know that's kind
of controversial not in America but its
controversial here every time I say it
they're like oh you're learning
automatic like it's some kind of sin but
so I'm just bad see how it's this
annoying this is making you feel seasick
so we're headed to Milan point because
like I said my mom mama style diet and
sister starlet were kind enough to come
with me she fell asleep once we started
driving but like I said we're going to
get Jonathan's birthday present and I
think I know what I'm getting him I
think he probably knows as well because
he kind of requested it but I think I'm
gonna get something from Amelia as well
so that part he doesn't he won't know
that well he'll know that he's getting
it now but he won't know what it is so
hopefully a minute will wake up so she
can help me pick something cook my
pretty chicken burgers cook like you've
never cooked before I'm not really doing
anything different I'm not out there
going like on a juice fast or something
crazy under Wednesday cuz then what
happened you know what happened on
Thursday no just coming here really
everything start by itself which would
be stupid if I do end up at 76 on
Wednesday at least I'm gonna say to
myself Wow look what you actually
managed to do you know you gotta reward
yourself I'd like to do this but there's
no way I could do it it's like think
about what you want to do right and then
just break it into small little points
of what you want to achieve you've got
to give yourself rewards you got to set
yourself mini tasks so you've got like
you know people thought waiting to fight
your plan your 10 year planning on it
stuff that's brilliant
if you already have intrinsic motivation
that's mine off you pop you don't need
to listen to this cuz you are like whoa
flying along there but not everybody I
didn't have intrinsic motivation so I
was running around 26 or something you
could take away money and you take away
all the crap in life that forces you to
follow this or their path that you're
choosing you took all that away so where
would you be right now
right now where would you be that's a
parallel version of who you are right
now restricting elements that are
forcing you to follow this path where
you wanna be on this path and that's
what I think that's all I did I just
crossed the road loads of people have
degrees loads of people have degrees and
I'm not saying
especially because I went to university
and I got a degree by I don't even have
a Leaving Cert I dropped out of school
because you know like I gotta talk
before I was horrible bullying I
couldn't handle school anymore you know
I shut down a monkey I went off to like
this special sort of educational place
and I just I cracked couldn't hack it
and I went on I did crap job after crap
job after relationship after
relationship and eventually in my
mid-20s I sort of realized that IIIi
wasn't living the life I thought I was
gonna live now it was almost like it was
an accident it's twins and 13 so that
was like six or seven years ago when I
decided to try it and I did it after it
took about five or six years to do it
but I managed to get to the parallel
version of Who I am and I'm not a
hundred percent in who I want to be but
I am constantly striving to follow this
even though there's so many things
trying to push our to your sites to stay
true through the course just do a little
bit and then a little bit and then a
little bit and then a little bit and
then you'll find yourself five ten years
later you'll be like I made it to the
other side and when you get there some
of you guys are already probably there
some of you guys are living the life
that you wanted to but I know I wasn't I
was just this this guy he just like
drone flickering you know and it's like
now over here it's like everyday I live
I love I'm passionate I'm expressive I'm
free yes it's it's an amazing experience
you know because life is your it's your
experience it's your pockets your story
it's your chapter it's like every
chapter it's about you and you need to
make it about you and I don't know how
we got into it I was just talking about
a chicken burger
I just wanted me to take a burger haha I
love you guys you guys make me so happy
you don't happen to you guys comment and
like and subscribe and Twitter and
Facebook you guys are part of my journey
you know when I look back in this
chapter of my life every single one of
you have made an impact in my life
that's that is epic isn't it
are you tired
so I think the clothes are going to be
from Amelia and the big thing is gonna
be from me and now we're gonna look for
ingredients for my cake and
in Mexico all the lights kind of funny
you look very serious so we're looking
for an ancestor for Amelia for
Jonathan's birthday so that sounds
stupid but she doesn't have that many
clothes of her age
for her age that are the right season
because I shopped seasonally and I
thought that she was going to be fitting
into things for this age like six to
nine months in the summertime at so we
need to get your little a new wardrobe
so he likes Navy on her stuff this is
cute when pumpkin patch so pick
something you ready okay
right daddy's birthday don't like those
colors at all these are okay though
oh my god her to spend the nicest thing
ever look it's a basic so that would
have been like my dream bathing suit
when I was small so it's for oh no
you're six to twelve here when I get her
whenever when I get her one this is very
important Jonathan's been waiting for
this for ages we're getting the dad card
his first daddy happy birthday dad from
the me yeah I'm not going to show you
which one I got quite so we're going for
lunch now we're actually at the same
place we were at yesterday where's
Jonathan but we're at the LaVonda in
East Village we were at the Douglas Tea
Room yesterday which is right beside it
so
we have a boys restaurant battery let's
change up okay you're getting a bit
frisky there now we're gonna go in to
meet daddy daddy's coming to meet us
because we decided we have a big meal
like dinner rather than on just like 40
so I hope you guys enjoyed coming along
riding with me today and Amenia cheeks
already Amelia Amelia yeah you remember
your dad I mean yeah sorry
I know no I'm over here no see me in a
minute you'll get to me in a minute
hello Amelia Amelia
I mean you will look at your father
right this instant you will look at your
father right this instant
no hello hi hi hey buddy I was playing
with Uncle Simon that they gave up
we got a parking spot across a little
book here to read lovely fancy pants
that is so cute Amina is reading a
recipe book she's I had that in
everything you make
yeah or her OMA but I know I just wanted
to take the paper in a minute and that's
when they're smashing the floor all the
wine bottles that's like potpourri I
know they sell it next door she know
she's gonna tell you who is going on
there we go my god I hate oh I know I
know I know what's my name
do you like bananas off would you like
some ice cream like that
all right we have a challenge for you
peeps in a couple years back right we
were talking about being on Google Maps
okay we're on my cell phone Anna at
sauna
we're on Google Maps right on Street
View but see if anyone can actually find
it and posted a semi link on Twitter or
Facebook
we're in unit yeah what is the other
place we were near million Pat's looking
at the clock in the Google car was right
there driving past taking pictures
everything if you can find us tweeted
link
they miss their mommy we had a fun day
with Daddy
oh hey buddy hey good buddy what's that
 crazy horns pack of crazy horns
I tell you huh
did you miss your doggies really hello
my precious yeah all right I'm not doing
I don't know what they are run run and
hide run and hide my beauties Saturday
night I worked so far he's gonna have
the place so we just wanted to say hi
we'd want to say you know guys like the
comments you guys have left for the last
two days in the vlogs has been amazing
it's so nice like it's so refreshing to
not feel that everybody hates us to
actually look at the Commons and go like
if you like us and you know what it's so
nice you know because before we're like
almost put off the comments cuz like
people just like saying crap all the
time and like for last today it's been
amazing so like I like
maybe we keep that up you know maybe
when you watch the vlog like even if you
don't want to say like anything
particular just say like higher or just
something so there's like loads of nice
nice comments and I feel like there's
more of a community and we're all like
friends and stop stop liking the baby
kiss I said about that she is putting
her in those yeah no no no to munchkin
yeah thank you so much for all of the I
feel like because it's so behind I feel
like this is gonna go up way too late I
know I already done like way the time
everyone was leaving all these really
nice comments on the video where I
started crying you know we're kind of
like like one of the next things yeah
you know so I didn't get a chance to say
thank you so I feel like it just went
past and then people didn't even they
left all this love and then they didn't
get anything from it but I did read
every single one and I got so many
messages and even if I can't respond to
everybody like just know that I I wanted
to respond I responded to all of you in
my brain knows like I just appreciate it
so much and it's kind of just it's given
like I don't know it's kind of revamp
the bones for me because I feel like
that's the reason why we started in the
first place and now I understand why we
did cuz I work I just kind of felt like
it was a negative cloud or something and
then it had become something really
negative but it was really only like I
want to say five ten people like the
same people every day we're just making
it like that um so it's just really put
it into perspective and I just thank you
yeah hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
