ensure Logan my friend has to an input
woman Papa menisci schmeckt but Papa
menaced explosion
I have like that the main beat of the
track and have the I did like a
temporary vocal recording I'm gonna do
it again and again of course itself in a
but I'm trying to come up with a sort of
a riff to go like you know sort of like
band tintin tintin nope well anyone who
knows music Brian knows is already
that's how I like to make music up you
know first thing I'll do is I'll try and
get the like the beat you know then try
and get that sort of beating your head
in it and then like can you play it yeah
sort of like that and sure look on my
friend has to einen Obama Niska Schmidt
but pop ominous explosion yeah yeah do
hospital yes oh I mentioned is Papa
mania oh no what's the name oh no no
that's my name she did a poo bomb what
name what's my name
well you know evidence would suggest oh
all goodness oh my god
immediate all my better covered it up
I'm so sorry I gave away your secret
identity I can't boy your secret
identity huh wait a minute
daughters Batman are you bad girl girl
pink pink pink hmm oh stop like a flower
oh my what the hell oh great oh great
I'm gonna litter all over myself for
today huh I'm gonna be glitter toss
dick huh you gonna be glitter attacker
you gonna meet later trustee cook a lot
of this glitter but all she gave me away
any hot track this mic is my workout
routine
I know it's my 20 pounder oh whoa to do
it holes she drilled into my mat oh yeah
it was great we go fill her mom's video
yeah whoa okay I need to back away from
the pistachios back away from the
pistachios because I made a mistake last
night I had 100 men in them and forgot
that there were kind of like laxatives
it was messy situation what's going on
here
hmm mighty little girls Bianca have you
seen this if you if you not give me a
hit your feet with it like so
oh my god what did our first picture
look at that I just took that photo
doesn't she look really like Anna she's
really like Anna in that picture
seriously
let's go Oh who's guys roadworks
beautiful wife sleeping baby what else
does a man want in his life huh
holy crap look at this Tino what are you
doing we're rebuilding the world or
something are you drying for oil that's
what it looks like what is going on oh
goodness
don't look at that red coat that wasn't
a red light all right don't even don't
even think about it either was that Ito
was that look at this thing oh my
goodness oh it's a jump
it's a jump you can take a jump option
instead if you are gonna just take a run
and a jump right over that if I'm not in
top gear the crazy Top Gear's
that's how you know I always said yeah
you know if you ever end if you ever
become famous or you know that's how you
know you've made it if you're asked to
be a guest on top gear if you're gonna
be like put a famous person in a normal
car thing until you know you may know
they get loads are like fun like girly
kind of like or even guys some guys are
like terrible something I would like
seriously you wouldn't do someone I'm
like I was it I think was the guy at the
Eurovision what's his name the
commentator BBC Radio oh I think he I
think he came I think he's at the moment
last summer I'd be super good matter but
that would be amazing I don't feel like
the researchers were like oh we need to
get some youtubers Oh easy get some like
Irish vlogging people to go on top care
call me call me I would love it
Oh reasonably priced cars no it is I
love it that was my dream if I ever
happens that ever happen that's how
you'll know I'd be just like it's goofy
jokey dinner oh my god this place has
changed so much I don't even know no I
want to go up there oh god oh no I might
what what the hell
Oh God am I going up the wrong way up
the motorway oh geez
and the old pain for parking game we go
and watch this 2z gave me no
it's like look at the little Sleeping
Beauty home
it's just ran no I'm just no no no no no
we'll just carry it no you're going into
that hairdressers and then we're going
to their for food whoo
oh that's the Tea Rooms your dog lash I
don't know nor you auntie
oh you know if we look at the platter of
cakes
hey look it's like our it's kind of like
it so yeah we decided to come to the tea
rooms I never I never knew this
no it's a slight cuter don't miss two
rooms I'm gonna have a chicken Caesar
salad attacked me which I don't see here
now Oh chicken Caesar courgettes
parmesan oh yeah what do you want him
India still visit it select the trio Tea
Room
you know it's realty rooms and even
notice got the feed going on we got a
look at the Tea Room things and then
look at the little king of milk so cute
like I'm having a cup of change pinkies
out thank you it's so nice to come and
meet greedy but his son burning up the
sky alright guys you wanna play a quick
joke that is so mean we're gonna play a
joke we're gonna play a joke are you not
you-know-who's is now on telephone
welcome back the decided world
do-do-do-do-do Anna I think anyway looks
the most like Jennifer Lopez or Brigitte
Bardot no what's the girl's name
what's the one what's the one yes
depending on her share of short hair dye
crown which is too afraid do it do it do
it well gonna find out soon you have an
appointment
anyone ever watch on but I'm still going
to do this because it's universal what
time is it
although nowadays like what times that
you check your phone so it's this whole
checking the time thing become obsolete
oh no so I'm getting my hair done my
hair day hair did they're cheaters
nesters I haven't done in five months
I know this because
I got my hair done last time I got my
hair done was like oh just before the
horn and media was born and then just
things that I know in the way we did
some research though we talked to some
people and apparently this is the best
salon in Porton oh yeah
that's like what are you talking about
yeah so I asked around and
panting this one supposed to be really
good so I'm looking forward to it yeah
that's actually kind of scary because
what if she gets hungry or something but
she wouldn't even feet like she's just a
weirdo she's not a weirdo but she just
like I'm just gonna put the swinger
maximum the sure she often loudest point
steak on the PlayStation put on the
headphones so I can't hear it and then
you just wait two hours everything will
be okay when mom gets home it feels
weird to be going to an appointment this
late though that's not a joke this was
the one who was forcing me he was like
no you should get this
you should get things you need to do
stuff you know to make yourself feel
better that's why like I do the gym
thing and you know look at my beautiful
hair your hair what's gonna happen I go
in there and be like sir can we take you
can you be won over can you be a new
model for us and then you know like
outside salons I have pictures of heads
and they'd be like the trophy
he's like can't come it can I get the
Jovi please yeah ninis is going in
that's the last time we'll see her as a
blonde all right I mean yeah no time
it's gonna make it connect though
we're way out of our depth where when I
just drop you off in this we go back to
mom
all right okay we got switched right to
meeting ready you're switching legs
Thanks
we are off collect meanies from the
hairdresser's oh my god I'm so glad to
see what you look like did she go crazy
or did she go safe we're about to find
out
so we kind of got delayed it's actually
way later and we've been like we've been
out for dinner and then other people
arrive that don't tend to like being on
the old blog at ease so we couldn't have
to film it so we're back at home now but
are you ready to see mommy's hair well
you see mommy's hair unique is that
strange over there are you guys ready
you ready I think she looks amazing you
look so pretty you look some way I think
you look way younger yeah like when I
first met you okay well actually we had
a week after I met you you quit your
hair similar to that because I always
said you look a bit like Jennifer Lopez
not so Jennifer Lopez he kind of haircut
you do you have an amazing jawline and I
think that that haircut really see it
shapes your face much better
yeah it'll never be that good again well
I can do it like this but it'll take
no actually it's super short like I
actually did not realize she was gonna
go with that choice Jersey I'm telling
you I'm telling your hotness level has
increased you did the firelight the
ombre all right
so see it's dark on the top yeah yeah
and then kind of blonde like that's cuz
he thought you were a hormonal mom yeah
you think I'm not going dark with you
like I was like I want to cuddle off and
I want it Brown they were like no and I
was a bit crazy
well they didn't think was crazy what
they just thought they were scared that
I would regret it no could get it
amazing so he was like I'm not gonna
take all the blonde out and he was like
if you want to after this time maybe
next time you can go direct air again
see how you like this person I actually
think he was right to keep some blonde
in it cuz otherwise it might have been
too like extreme yeah I might have been
like oh no I think that's daddy like I
just think that it's it's just framed
the layers the way it's like the layer
often caught up and stuff we're not like
it just reminds me I just think you look
way younger
yeah I think you look younger I think
you look I think it suits you and I
think you're all going to agree with me
now tomorrow in daylight
not really because it's just kind of
like you know I like it over over
saturates the color is dark like it's
darker but I look it looks deadly you
watching yeah she's watching me in the
couch she is
see they made friends oh hey my my
youtube friends okay
they my YouTube friends hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
