it just gets too much like I can't I
don't I honestly don't know what to do I
don't know what to do
what's up people of the internet and the
world not just people of the internet
I'm not like that I don't like to direct
my commentaries at a specific type of
person I like to direct it at everybody
huh so it is a rainy Thursday but guess
what you're probably watching this on
our Friday Friday gotta get down on
Friday I know it's a rainy as always as
always like it is fun all right but can
I just like casually take this spot no
one else is to be offended by me
casually taking this bar now hey you
know like everybody else is part kind of
like slanty ish and then you Park
properly but then I look like I'm Park
wrong because everyone else is Park
slanty issue
I have the park front you like everybody
else no no I know what about slant hey I
didn't get up this morning like I
usually do I didn't put on makeup I
didn't do my hair I wouldn't show it yet
I just feel like crap and I'm not sick
or anything I just I just don't feel
like doing anything today huh you know I
hate I hate hate hate time I bet they
hate like I hate talking about it
because I hate giving it any attention
I hate bring it to your guys attention
and right you guys I mean the nice
people after her the genuine people who
watch our videos for the right reasons
because you like us
it was a point where it just gets too
much like I can't I don't I honestly
don't know what to do
I don't know what to do like why do you
look at things that I do is so in debt
like do you have nothing going on in
your life like I don't understand I just
don't understand that I don't know what
to do because it's just ruining
everything
tell me well you can wear the hate I you
know don't let it get to you blah blah
blah there comes a point where like it
does because it's just so much every
single day and it's not something my
blog it was like a personal it's like a
personal hobby that I did it was a hobby
like I liked doing it and now I just
hate doing it because it doesn't matter
I put so much work and effort and like I
don't care what you guys say like I know
I write well that's the thing like I'm
constantly being told how I'm crap at
everything how I can't do anything how I
suck at absolutely everything I'm a
terrible mom I'm a terrible dog owner I
don't clean my house and
I'm ugly I'm either too fat to skinny
when I was pregnant I was told I had my
legs look like tree trunks now I'm being
told that I'm emaciated and disgusting
and that's beside all the things that I
get told about in media which I just got
to disgusting four words I'm not even
gonna talk about them because it's just
like I don't even wanted to talk about
it his feelings oh crap this morning and
then it came down and all the puppies
came over to me and like jumped on top
of me and it felt a lot better so I'm
gonna take a shower now cuz I think I
just feel like crap and if I take a
shower it'll probably make you feel
better
Hey look yes Susy what no more free food
are you kidding me I'm on a roll I'm
also doing kinda chiropractor
hey buddy hey buddy did you miss me did
you miss me yeah doc me chewy we got
here you got horsey horsey horsey I kind
of sound like Christopher Walken the
Christopher Walken was a horse I'd be
Christopher Walken to us so kid you just
trying to eat everything is that your
plan in life eat everything you're so
cute
c is for cute U is for you
t is for t he is ready Oh careful George
he's bigger than your head
it helped sense you do that you are so
mature let's see by the end of today but
rains probably will look mighty pretty
today do you know that ever since I met
you need to use the first night I met
you I thought my god just the most
beautiful girl and where else no one
could ever be more beautiful and every
day I think you're more beautiful than
yesterday
it is possible seriously hi girlfriend
I'll put my hand up and say I've had
girlfriends where there's been times
where I've told you no what were you
like that
no I think you're beautiful without
makeup I think you're beautiful wit
makeup I think you're just look kind of
different but essentially
seriously what about like when I found
like the CC hair
it's never really happy here
my hair looks great back
now in the depths of our
poverty-stricken lies living in bosco in
Bournemouth but we had nothing and we
lived on Iceland crap I thought you were
beautiful then and I think you're
beautiful now
and I will probably think you're
beautiful forever your beautiful tale oh
my god so this just came from the PIO
box but look she never put 14 Washington
Street
she put on a Saucony w mailbox 211 Cork
City Ireland right and then somebody
wrote here wherever it came in they were
like try 14 Washington Street West so
they always in know Maxie what happened
cork yeah so we'll do it whenever I feel
I'm small I just look at that guy and it
makes me feel tall like okay so small oh
god that guy that guy that guy's quite
big actually okay hey buddy
is that your Pig hello Ciccone in hey
okay he's gone into his house it's so
good you should totally get a chicken
you should I get chicken did you just
like milk champagne yeah know what you
can wash yourself and looking cream
it shouldn't let me do it huh
and I think they were dying her hair
Brown
brunette
there's a lot of the huge think over
your head and see what is it you like a
crazy cut like a totally different kind
I think you should totally do it a lot
of totals going on here
do it yeah what's in the Evita highlight
perfect dreaming of a pink princess
castle and I could bring princess castle
pravin to an M&S cafe before
photo for longer char grilled chicken
monster pepper toasty yeah but what's it
soaked in something oh look no mayo
right yeah you just stole my lunch let's
get my lunch we are going to put her as
a high chair just over there we were
thinking about it but and I think for
the first time in high chair boats rise
to nearly ready aren't you look at our
trailer Travis what did you change she's
gonna steal it
teaching some people ask you know what
like having a really beautiful wife
who's in the expensive you know just
lift up your arm there
mercury I actually got you on sale yes I
saved myself there it was more 29 or
your 923 oh no look it is right it was
so long as my couple living in this area
who is the longest my a couple endo
flogs leave below how long you're
married or just say not my Ruby not my
belief belong and let's see who's the
longest my cover we are one year
pathetic we're like newbies but at lives
in comments let me know who's the
longest my person just remember that
ages ago I got specimens ever from
London and she sent me just like special
and awesome shampoo stuff it's all gone
was in a gym this morning and I ran and
I was like oh my hair's room that's it
and shave my head or I thought when I
was just gonna purchase weird to find it
yeah that's it isn't it trans made but
it was a green one oh it's not he was
Larry out it was like you know fine
neutral grass I don't a pink one magic
mean that you would the pink one holy
guys be like check out the guy with the
pink conditioner like cottage pie salmon
and sweet potato chicken quarters
uhumm Moroccan chicken and it's yummy
Moroccan chicken just not excited still
sounds amazing
Oh Apple and bananas YUM do any parents
actually I just eat these themselves
pears apple and rice my god some of this
stuff is so good
look at this one form on stage one
awesome first organic whole-grain baby
rice with bitumen b1
no junk promise my baby looks happy oh
you have to either one oh hey yeah the
milk it's gonna take a while to pump
ball a - oh my goodness look that's -
fridge handy why do people buy it in the
truck just get us three trees
make the Apple because you can kind of
peed-on this all over you just have to
be careful of it's like this pips oh I
can't bite them she could choke token
right now she's just licking like every
time I'm reading my Apple was like
staring at it and then like watching it
like that you know that's always picking
free candy I don't want some free candy
well Apple is gonna be one of her first
one oh yeah YUM this is your downside to
the Sachi or nut
it's like what am I supposed to sing
with all this now you know what yeah
also they need to make some sort of a
device that sort of opens the pistachio
nuts for you as well I guess the pain
and they are something to pick them out
each time well yeah like when I see you
on this now you're gonna try and see if
this work princess all right let's see
if this breaks this seems very strange
to me like I don't understand how it
works but a lot of people swear by it
okay for a second there I was like okay
whoa she's just like totally stops
fussing does that mean work
what do you think is it magic
that just seems like magic Jonathan
Jonathan jofi jofi seriously look at
Amenia did you hear her crying earlier
yeah I put the amber necklace on on you
know she's wearing a necklace yeah she
just stops it's like no seriously it was
it's I caught it on you'll see it when
you edit it but like as in she was like
you know when I was like oh my god what
the hell so I put it on her and she was
dribbling and like you know putting her
hands in a rack like I knew she was
teething and I put it on her and it just
stopped and I was just like okay that is
probably coincidence
nope yeah see she might like do that the
odd time but like as in and and like
there's no way of faking it like that is
like the ultimate test i I had the
camera on the whole time dad is crazy
because the girl who sent them she said
that her it really does work that her
sudden like they didn't even know that
his back two teeth came in and they're
like the sore ones until they one day he
bit down on something or somebody and
they felt they're like oh my god so it
actually does work your mom was telling
you about them too my only concern is
that short choke cuz like it's very it's
kind of short I know
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone
Jolie and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because
ah
