where are you sure it's dead here design
Bo's did say it like about six miles
back he's like yeah the pavilions down
here there was there was a sneaker
oh I wouldn't get up you wanna get up
mommy that's it full nappy I see he's my
pink princess he's waving I love you it
is Wednesday the 6th that means that
next Wednesday is the 13th which is my
birthday it's my last week and I'm like
super old Abbi I'm gonna be super old
you won't come up
all right up huh up you pop down talk to
my friends with me knock my hoodie off
my ears are cold
they've cold ears so I was thinking
setting a challenge for myself right do
you think that I could be Oh was i I was
a hundred and seventy eight point two
the other day rumor said you think I
could be a hundred and 75 by next
Wednesday on my birthday cuz that would
mean that I have lost 10 pounds before
my birthday because number I was 185 and
now I'm 175 really cool wouldn't it 10
pounds by her birthday threats my goal
on Wednesday we're gonna hop up on the
scale ease and we're gonna see if I can
do 175 didn't help that a couple Easter
eggs last night oh wait a minute area
how is it pretty clear out really yeah
distracted by the camera with your links
done
there you go you go grab them grab them
good girl
okay easy huh I don't know if I trust
you keep a hold of that now keep up you
grab a hold of that yep you like go
you've ruined my life
don't chop her toes off now best not to
move at this particular juncture in your
life hold on to my hand for support even
has a baby one oh the baby has baby
tails toes
hey stop moving your feet seems I don't
know that so quickly they're actually
really easy to use that's not it are
they would be sharper than nails really
weak her nails are very weak like so we
community scary hello this might help
because sometimes your face oh my
goodness
it's over an ice cream they're fighting
over the ice cream you've been cautious
you've been caught
you've been caught on camera hmm I
caught you on camera sir you've been
caught uh a few pop you can't get down
now I'm not saying this could actually
happen but you think I can actually
release this video I don't know if I'd
be able to get it done I don't know um I
just kind of recorded a pretty good
little snap of it there I've been kind
of working on it a bit and I just just
this is the thing I'm gonna work on a
bit all right note singing don't be
seeing it so yeah I'm just thinking like
you know I'm like if I'm 175 on
Wednesday I'm IQ man that's gives me a
full week because I kind of have it done
well not going but I got a recorded
video I kind of thing I have two tracks
done now you know and
see I can't want to release stuff if I
was i kinda i was like wait'll I mount
my like idea wait so then you know when
I actually put it out have my Peter
Andre six-pack going on but you know I'm
I like body roll it's all dress but um I
was thinking like dropping some ice
cream data me and then like all that
they like models would be like eating it
off was all right out of the dream mmm
but yeah so maybe by Wednesday maybe
I'll put this one out I'm not sure will
be kind of cool to start my first one
out on my turkey turkey birthday so like
day one if we in 33 draw at a chewing
I know let me see what happened I don't
know I don't know say then you got like
or should I commit to it no I get backer
seriously like it's only it's a week
right I think I could do it like if I
have the main track recorded just gotta
get the music video done are we gonna
shake on it okay pleased to meet you
account whalers like sunny all the time
I hate living in like an indoor society
that's what it's like in art at the
wintertime or even late autumn to early
spring
who's calling yeah hello can you answer
oh god I've missed a call we're lost
oh there's our new house where are you
sure it's dead here design boys did say
like about six miles back who's like
yeah the pavilions down here no I'll do
is a snicker it was like pavilion
snicker oh there it is there it is we
want you to provision sorts of those
eyes in court and they're from swords
probably just got that joke oh look
Anna's poop on her shoe and she's wiping
it on my my lovely portrait carpet look
help light look welcome I like that I
like it already
we're trying something new normally we
got a body cdb right come on it's let's
go crazy guys you're such a pool I / a
piper something maybe just smell like
poo that's a nice little bench baby
shoes
we princesses ok this is so cool toys
she has enough thoughts in her life well
the cuckoo clocks
oh that's cool that will drive the dogs
insane an actual cuckoo clock
did you imagine hundreds remaining best
way for her think it is the best time I
plan to trade was 20 years ago
it's kind of cool isn't it yeah let's
suppose it was did you plant the tree 20
years ago oh my god 20 years ago well
that sounds like like 20 years ago I was
almost a teenager 20 years ago
she obsession cups when I'm having my
morning coffee it's the same thing like
she just is obsessed with my car and
she'll like give him huge smile as well
no I take it it's the perfect book for
you turn the pages by puppy it's kind of
tail I know my day will be fluffy it
would be shiny
well you wouldn't actually wear a collar
in our house we live in a color free
zone a lot of our dogs you could have
been a puppy oh my sleepy baby hmm
Old MacDonald had a farm
and that farm there was a paint bath
it's so cool look it's all my files
panting I thought it'd be full of
animals I didn't give me em didn't get
dessert but look over here look Apple
well this one came with a leaf another
Apple oh my goodness it's like
everywhere I go smells like pop hiss so
good great question I don't know if
anyone knows the answer to this he asked
me like Harlan probably I don't know if
the UK is the same but if I wanted to go
to London okay I could hop in the car
drive up to Dublin Port or Val fast
hopping a boat and drive to London
because when we lived in London we used
to come over the car we didn't fly it we
drove because we had he'll be with us we
just drove from London to Dublin
but it was any hassle right and now
we're like possibly gonna go do
something in London and I'm like do I
need a passport to bring Amelia with me
or can Amelia travel on my passport or
Hannah's passport I looked up but it was
all I kind of like if the information
like depending on the time or where
you're going on stuff so I just know
that you can turn in like are
practically the same so you know if
anyone recently has travelled to the UK
with a young baby just let me know
did you need to have a passport
super-nice today it's cold but it's nice
and so yeah I'm definitely I take the
dogs for a walk and because they keep
wanting to be outside we're just fine
you don't mind is it still there oh so
there oh there's a bunny there guys
I don't know we didn't see
I also think this camera shuts off if I
focus too much but um there's a bunny in
there you guys can't see it but oh it's
moving did you see him move what a cutie
pie
anyways I'm out with the dogs and these
are my last two Bianca and movies and
I'm pooped but oh it was nice today I'm
super nice started pouring rain at the
end of my first two without being Cena
and I thought I wouldn't be able to do
it but I did it come on guys Amelia has
turned into a monster
you a monster you a monster
hmm I think she just takes out from on
my dad it's like mom and dad scream for
him to have us all that time so I guess
I'll know right is that your new
favorite thing to do you know a scream
yeah oh it kind of hurts a little bit
huh
mom's out walking the dogs swapping the
dogs
all right all right let's 104 no one out
there no one out there now have a good
time tonight we're having some sweet and
sour
we are pineapples carrots peppers saucy
stuff and chicken and rice and it's
going to be nice I hope it's gonna be
nice
disappointed if it wasn't nice
oh wait
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
