kallu you look baby vlogger you baby
vlogger
yeah paper vlogger
well what do we have here now huh the
more snow my snow doesn't look like a
hollow it is actually snowing again
right now I just want to make a snowball
what's up good morning
so cars covered in snow but as I Drive
down the road I realize most of the snow
has melted away nuts so I'm dropping the
dogs off to get em groomed and then I'm
gonna be my trainer and then I'm going
to cry in the heap on the floor as he
destroys me as your ass as your day
looking up Tuesday is it you know today
is an international safety internet day
so I hope you guys are being safe on the
internet okay but that was yesterday for
you so feel free to be reckless today
but today in my world hope you are safe
hi guys here for a haircut
you see it's so cute look at that
imagine a pull-up you like oh my god I
want one I want one who wants to go
first
huh oh my God look look good even bought
me I don't know how you got the idea I
like these now
that was word coming out can swap we
made a swap guys I told you I told you
huh
I hate sitting at these you know these
like make-believe lights because you can
see if there's no cars or anything ahead
but like oh cool awesome thank you let's
go whoo all right folks let's get our
ass kicked
whoa it's Jam time room time go ask a
drastic me piece mmm no I'm going to
need a parking spot a parking spot to
make all other parking spots - oh my god
there's a parking spot inside the drawer
salt
mmm just jealous Big Al's
haha meatboy yeah I'll just blame Amelia
Oh baby was crying ah she's gotta get
out let's hope we're having kids it's
pretty quiet in here huh there's no dog
he's jumping up in your face jumping up
in your face I wonder does she miss them
though is she kind of like this is very
quiet because it is I do you prefer them
not being here I don't think so I think
you missed them hmm
I always try and kind of get as much
cleaning done as possible when the dogs
are gone because um not that they're
even that messy but just like it just
stays that way everything stays the way
I leave it when they're not here but
when they're here obviously they take
stuff out again gets tough dirty
although the things to be honest enough
they're not that dirty we might be done
with the morning nap maybe I'm not sure
I have no idea um but she is still
napping you're like throughout the day
it's just for some reason she doesn't
want this one anymore so that's new the
schedule is changing though I've noticed
like things have started to change
and kind of interesting like as they
grow obviously they change and laundry
is in the hush machine now I have to
fold all of these and everything is
folded I'm ready to be brought upstairs
thank you went away good I think are
gonna go with these here leggings top
socks and we need a best check out the
vest guys it says baby vlogger
and it has YouTube and a little camera
huh that's you you can be baby flogger
this is from chaos 18 panic I think she
gave it to us at the Dublin room and she
made it herself
it's so cool oh it's raining again look
how cool you are you gonna get out I'm
gonna get up kill crew you look baby
vlogger you baby vlogger you have paper
bloggers who see oh oh don't fall don't
know are you gonna fall into mommy
your mommy's foot hmm you're so cute
you've just your little legs are you
totally legs
I love how her legs are like so chubby
and then there's this little foot at the
end oh it's so cute it's so cute let's
get the rest of your dress now oh my
goodness
we took working out to a whole new level
Wow we decided we would M we would push
it up the training and creams all the
weights and stuff because we've been
doing them I didn't realize the whole
time we've been doing sort of like
preparing my body for a serious training
session oh my goodness you're doing like
v6 accidents we did that Russian twist
with legs in the air and 50-pound all
so my sunny Dolly's cappuccino things
that I got from Deirdre or I could eat
oh my God look at that look more free
candy
I keep framing free candy everywhere
mmm this is crazy I'm so lucky I like
this song on my way to collect doggies
doggies donkeys head click that I'm on a
rainy day cuz you kind of like what soon
as I get them home to gonna rinse of
garden and pee and like ruin everything
and be rumored house rulers but for this
few moments of cam and pieces I will
enjoy the music let's reuse it
oh my goodness look how rainy it's
become what the hell what the frak huh I
thought the song was coming
what's up guys oh who is both times
creation to baby them Oh Oh big one yeah
let's keep the rock water away she was
terrified maybe I could start it bitchy
Oh
doesn't say I call service now you guys
gonna want to get all muddy now
I see you got white boys now huh bold
Billy Billy parts yeah hi Billy white
alright guys try and put you in the car
you gotta wait boom - impressive
help oh
Nevaeh oh pretty Nevaeh waiting - there
with another white bow oh dear do you
got green field of green field of green
I can't get me another white for new
leaf
oh god they want to go out but it's
gusting I don't like do you havin fun
there with all your friends yeah they're
all the kids hanging out
hey that's my christening blanket do you
know that yeah oh yeah well this is my
like my shoe spot then my gym my go runs
for the gym
I'm I go walks for for walking I like to
go I like to go do you like to go do you
like to go do you like your people hmm
God um sevenish oh oh really yeah just
been so busy you know editing your video
it just means a baby it just means a
busy is mommy crazy it just needs a baby
it just busy
oh goodness immediate is definitely
making up for the few months the first
few months of like not crying she's
making up for all of them at the moment
oh it's like everyday she can't so sad
I think she's liked eating us ahh ahh oh
my goodness she is making up for it so
here's a courier I just whipped up sort
of a homemade curry oh my god it's
really chicken curry look at sketchy
what see it herself
he's a chicken and something else no did
it all day like chicken bits and legs
and feet chicken feet
mmm what's in this one oh right in love
sorry
what oh no way the whole thing yeah nice
yeah I do I have another full book but
it takes a lot to get these ones though
easy I know it's tough but yeah 26 years
for then boom I know yeah I know you get
more out so yeah it's all about the
charisma oh goodness if only I need one
more book yeah I'm fine
you having a fun time with the grown-up
table but you want to eat that she had
like um plastic for dinner eh no laughs
mmm
Mei no naps oh you tell me without the
colony chota so that's your names your
nickname the Napster hope she's not the
nuts but no not there no laughter whoo
on a sneaky sneaky mission a sneaky
mission a midnight adventure are you
ready for a big night at that job I'll
be really quiet don't wait
you're right the baby keep the baby come
on best part best bite looks like best
thoughts right now
yeah but I want the actual best body see
these ones all right
but there's the actual best spot no it's
not available it's not available in
shops I'm gonna have to go one of these
ones and said I'm appalled that I have
to go all the way over here I could have
went with a baby one but you know I'm
gonna have to go with this one here it's
miles away from Tesco oh look the donkey
egg here isn't the car you're keeping
cuz up for a couple of days and that was
I was amazing and I'd like more of it
but don't have some here where did she
get that from
I'm gonna hockey car I'm not going free
oh my god it's a sign it's a sign hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
