baby
I was thinking we should get like a
babysitter not for us to go out and have
a crazy night but just so we can get a
full night's sleep but not be fun nor
would not be outrageous or a justly
crazy that's what happens you know it's
like before I'd be like oh my god let's
go out into ter tonight it'd be like no
no let's just have a whole night sleep
that would be nice wouldn't it look
who's in a little saucer ah Mia
Wow you like that do you like that I
think she likes being like she's kind of
bigger than the dog but she's kind of
also at the same level so she's gonna
interact with them like they can jump up
and like look at her and interact with
her so I think she liked that look at
her little slippers no hmm and because
she can't really reach the things yet I
put her these are actually quite handy
these things you could just link stuff
so I put her links and her Dollywood
sure they're her two favorite like toys
right now
you better even a moon look she said it
moving
let's fetch inherit
oh hey buddy hey buddy you don't you
don't know you don't go don't go don't
go don't go don't go dunk oh this baby
huh what you doing there on your own huh
now what's this what's this we need to
get on to our cleaner this is shabby
work she doesn't clean on top of the air
ha ha ha all right let's plug this up
it's a little bit thinner it's a little
bit thinner and you know what these are
returns we're replacing what aren't a
nice nice
what color is this taupe taupe oh yeah
no I'm gonna remove that now yeah I
can't actually actually I can hey buddy
you watching you taking notes okay just
disconnect I can't remember their hook
no no I think it twists off the side
yeah I don't know to get the curtains
off this is actually made out of solid
gold guys I like gold can so I took this
thing off it is her like an insider and
that side way yeah I said it just goes
like this and unfortunate right ah
thankfully because this
it needs to be like the white thing is
right the white is for the neighbors run
this jumpy hello hello hello and welcome
what do you think well you haven't done
it properly
oh this doesn't anyway why not love my
look earrings look lovely or glasses Oh
physical squared a little important to
know though finality
oh my gold chains my gold hoop chains
ultra my nose things people used to wear
they were like little ah
there are like little plastic things and
you'd wear them on your wrist and the
idea was to have as like as many as
possible my neighbor
there think I'm crazy I'm just like
sitting up here okay just looking out
upon my you guys have no idea it was
like there's a castle across the way
there's like a dragonfly it's amazing
it's kind of spooky up here I'm glad you
guys are coming with me
hey why you're not yes hello oh it's the
Christmas tree it's just gasps mystery
it's not the ghost of Christmas past or
anything like that okay this is very
this is very long elongated me long gate
mammal but a humpback beast by what Oh
20 the manual ones who's an idiot yeah
with the things made in them and
everything what do you think mom stupid
to know about tying the knot you should
try to figure it is a puppy - I just got
like the Hoopoe ones or like the ones
that in their Indian room yeah that's
what I thought these were you were like
no no seriously I checked around on
Argos and then you're like so happy with
your oh because I got pink cupcake
girlie bedroom children once they are
cupcakes they look great
HS not like 20 times
so um Nick do you like fight yeah it's
just this little thing is not big at all
like this I'm pretty sure is gonna fail
miserably but I'm willing to try it
because I have no other option other
than to buy new curtains whichever you
don't want to do although it's so much
easier this just seems like so much work
for nothing like it doesn't even look
good look I think does not look terrible
looks crap there's extremes hanging all
over the place I don't know where this
at all guys exactly
Oh mommy's an idiot she left you with
all the hook then you guys ever see that
movie the money pit Tom Hanks never in
my life you should watch my eyes you
just feel like sometimes you didn't
answer if you don't rock starts going
wrong you're like oh my god like my kids
like them leave it
Wow oh that looks horrendous those
lovely what what happened to that one
that's why well I don't came loose well
that's obviously shoddy shoddy worthless
the whole thing is shoddy there's like
strings coming out of this I got this
this is the stupid Kurt and I've ever
seen in my life okay
like no no what kind of it you know
you've got it and I guess boys insist on
going to market with cheap work once you
back an amazing lady a bungee don't you
hey get out of my room
everyone no I can fix it rumors
I want relocation it does it's like it
also acts as a nice wet to Ford assembly
line you bought it every time I try and
buy something trans like let's just
cross-reference that with the ARCA
question is why you is like not my fault
it's the curtain why are you doing it
here you push through these things here
topo stitching what if you 20 of you to
all of them on the side part yeah
apartment when I did which looks fine
can you just pull out a stitching out oh
my god he's the same
what is what is this what is that so
your great plan was to bypass the Hawks
completely and just attach this to the
stitching it's fiercely goulashes or
whatever solid think it's solid yeah
exactly
no you know this Goulash thing jackets
galoshes or whatever I'm wearing like
storm read that
fishermen wiring there in the river when
they're fishing that's what it feels
like feels like Ron Berger said cotton
and stuff who do you love us hey you
still trying to convince everyone that
it were that was your fault that was
your fault
and saying exactly this is hike for the
shower
it's like waterproof or something you do
a fantastic job now they see me five
seconds each one two three four five one
two three four five move 1 1 2 G 4 5
move on bandgap you ain't got get in
there you're missing it mm-hmm
I have revolutionized walking it's
called the future walk do you like it
hmm
she like my future walk and seriously I
revolutionized walking it takes half the
effort and it's twice the speed so if I
wanted to get over there a normal one oh
my god okay this oh so much effort left
 dad oh oh my god so much effort
okay now check out walking 2.0
you just like fly off no bother Kenya
gets so much easier
thanks so much more sense doesn't it
slide step I know why she tried just
going up the stairs before whoa go
superfast when the slippery tiles see
how would you go up the stairs take a
carrot just to do I will make you a
tasty dinner
I'm a good fish stick to it won't have
some bass do you want us to lead it will
be made of money for feet perfect is
just eating which I could just take home
you Missy you know she just together oh
we all had a lovely time okay
you know buddy you know what are you
watching The Voice I'm watching the mice
is your name Oh would you vote for Brazi
would you pick crazy just your buttons
you're like oh I say your turn is it my
burners life crooners you won't if yeah
it's your foot
I guess I am your foot I'm attached to
you
Mina grab your foot to get your phone
ready yep
get up in my face Minya Minya she was
doing I know and underfoot and if the
rumors came hey funny ya think what the
hell is yes it's all like okay who put
this here
he wants this it's Ronnie one artis is
this or two of them yeah girl
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
