hoody I think we should buy that pink
thing let the hell it are not it was war
laughing let's go ahead room right out
how the glove is man what else
happy Sunday so hi it's Sunday morning
and you here watching paper page yeah
and she's got renew Miffy toy ah
Zefram aunty Anna yeah yeah
three confusing though cuz oh good girl
you're picking up your toys good girl
yeah I want to go to mothering hair and
guess Amelia ate one of those cushions
am i right in thinking that it's called
a Boppy cushion or a Boppy pillow or is
that something else because I know in
America you guys call it like there's
something called a Boppy I think it's
for breastfeeding as well but I don't
know if this is what I'm thinking of I
just I kind of associate that with
thought and my brain for some reason so
I don't know if that's right basically
all she ever wants to do is sit up and
whenever I put her down on her play mat
like on her back she likes being on her
tummy now for like short periods of time
you know and doing her like crawling
exercise or whatever but she doesn't
like being on her back anymore because
all she wants to do is like roll or like
roll forward or roll on her site so all
she ever wants to do is sit up so I want
to get her because I can't really have
her on the couch for much longer because
she's gonna roll off um cuz she's
getting older and she's getting more
wrinkly and everything like that
Hey ain't talking about you ain't
talking about you
so when eight days amelia is going to be
five months old but in ten days I'm
going to be three hundred ninety six
months old holy crap although she's kind
of catching on me right so old I'm like
middle-aged haha who's the baby come on
meeow meeow meeow meeow Tom Cena Cena
I'm BTOP ANCA nuvvula Nevaeh oh my and
my Erica did you like that
what is your top today daddy's little
angel
yeah oh my God why me you're not going
to believe the night we had guys with
this ting here holy crap
we brought her up we tried to put her in
her we tried to put her to bed
and it was like she kept crying she got
like so upset her entire face was like
red knowing in her crib yeah
yeah we tried it like I know so then we
try it again with the co-sleeper and in
the other like so we've nurses you just
make me why don't you put her in her
crib and stuff and she wasn't even up
there for that she thought so so exact
that she literally was inconsolable she
wouldn't she would not she was just
inconsolable and actually literally in
control because the first time you kind
of leave my short crime for a bit but
then it's like just like levels of
crying they're like when we actually
know but that's why I went doctor
because there's the levels it's like the
little cries like huh and then it's kind
of stirring and I was like oh and then
there's this cry which is like you have
a kid you know to cry it's like it's so
intense you know you're like that she
can't she can't fix herself when she's
in that one I felt like so terrible so
we nursed her for a while then we put
right go we're watching Silent Witness
which is a two episodes to BBC show it's
amazing and so we watched the first one
and then we got a nurse ER and then we
put her back up into the coaster but
which is our room she's kind of used to
and she did she did stay asleep was that
for a hold up when I was about half of
the second episode we just noticed she
needs like a bedtime or as before
she was such a little baby yeah she
didn't even notice where she's growing
up so fast huh yeah we're gonna go now
we are we're gonna get you more stuff
an adventure you want to go into the bay
I want to check out the white noise
machines as well yeah yeah cuz we're
gonna dump our phones up there that
might be handy yeah you want doing white
noise mm probably probably what
batteries in there or something but it's
like a little pink car
hello pink car is that thing that makes
them lazy inhibits their walking yeah
she's a sinner but don't be so cool
the bumper things
no wait what boys I got a little thing
in the inside oops
the key could they come in pink though
Mamas and Papas
that's not a root ID though she has
actual one more thing in it yeah I'll
get that then he doesn't seem like only
like yesterday or even last week we were
in here taking like oh my god when I
have a baby next week or something that
you know you don't know anything about
it and you just like trust you're just
like thrown in to this like world of all
this kind of stuff and then you find
yourself with a almost five month old
and yet you know all about this stuff
but it's like sick what I can't even
imagine
I can't imagine life without Amelia now
I can't imagine what I used to do with
my time or my goodness soon we're gonna
be on one of these days when do you when
do you change it to one of these things
before this is one of them as well oh
nice because I was like look cross the
copy one can you get like Peppa Pig
coppers is that what sighs my baby's
gonna be are we so funny do that as like
a oh please I'm gonna get a Lego nuts
and balls a tool kit you know I'm gonna
force it through my little boy
check the age of it yeah I know like a
be clear definitive answer but it is 12
Mac on its maximum many dancers
hi my name is Big Bear my name is big
burr
hmm I like to kiss runs and babies it's
not weird
okay now that we know that's in mother
Karen how much itself is now we just nip
across the argus have a look at the same
products different brands and we'll list
to a price comparison we're probably on
Marga stuff but she was more value or
more yeah you know oh my goodness this
is so cute and it's and she totally got
that one huh you know giggles yeah
oh my god Jase awesome those bright
stars yeah you don't want to do to you
Joe people got the cards it's our new
savings plan just don't ever bring your
cards with you I don't have a wallet
actually you just have one it's pretty
good quality find leather wallet I
really know where that is
birthday I don't know where that is whoa
how is it all right let's try this again
and let's hope that they'll know
somebody didn't just like hoodie I think
we should buy that pink thing what the
hell it artisanal it was one last one
let's go ahead room right out now the
glove is mine won't ring else what
see you sir
this nice I got it I got it look what I
did die apart from just the thing across
the road from Argos alright gonna barely
fit Oh nuts what all these baby stuff
there's always so much putting together
I'm so excited though
lucky I kind of like whoo oh my god
let's put a dog in it and spin it around
who wants to go in first
you ready didn't pick Takashi granite
it's like a saucer oh it is a saucer
entertaining whoa look at this bag of
toys that comes with her oh my goodness
all right
oh man what all the pieces have been
used whoo oh you're breastfeeding what
do you reckon you like this meat the
whole thing's rattling with her hiccups
oh my god make the dog you're like so
let me talk you through this area here
you've got these little things that spin
run head over to here you have a little
fairy thing you can like pull a
butterfly you can like pull and Dingle
you've got this as you may remember
Prater on Garner's had to sue my ID some
Rhythmics
you know so it's kind of like I had one
toy and then someone gave me two toys
how many toys do I have well one two
three well it seems difficult
I'm a treats Topanga
hi the game is see how faster you look
just amazed by everything Siri should
probably be like Torian yeah yeah what
else we move on to the wound with the
buttons and stuff oh I'm so happy you
got this Hey he used you do you love it
do you love it I mean yeah oh my
goodness oh my goodness what is going on
didn't litter detector detector day
there's mommy again
he will you were living there now yeah
yeah I come from Hawks in this stroller
and I live under here I actually nice
dog yeah you will best friends gonna be
your best friend now II never been more
tired in my life every day I'm like oh
my gosh you're like wearing to sleep for
10 hours cuz it feels like so we're
taking a power shower aren't we I'm
gonna take a nap one may not even wait
oh my god oh we may not even wake from
is enough right not here till tomorrow
sometime it's like half 6:00 and we're
already in bed it's I can't go on
seriously
oh my goodness one destroyed part is it
gonna get is it gonna get worse before
it gets better
oh it's a poser worth it oh wow okay
oh okay honey my oh my gosh oh my
godness hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
