Lincoln's I'm getting loose the teeth
we're heading to school and we are one
last tooth today everyone unless - how
many you got
have you got them all bad at it God
Michael you your foot catch em amelia is
going to a teddy bears picnic today as
well we who is coming to eduardo school
I knew you bring me now and Amelia and
I'm not sure if he's gonna go I think he
won't be able to run around and they
were an adventure game because I'm
always gonna be worth it remember he's
injured
let him go get my seat alright let's go
friends she's very excited to show I
caught her this morning trying to bring
her teach into school because as you
know it if - fate didn't take her teeth
last night because the media wants to
keep it for one more day I also think
she
Barry these guys what happened to
Christmas I am Santa Claus filling into
her room she's quite terrified alright
are we ready guys what do you say we'll
run the school run what do you say what
is it are you ready for this you ready
for a blast-off school look at that
little princess oh you're soaking
if you don't yourself you need a baby
who's that who's that who's that baby
little baby
hello Laver new baby you are so cute you
know that you were so adorable I love
this baby grow on you
so hi hi Alessi and I are going to go on
a walk I think I'm gonna try and do some
exercise tonight because I have not been
working out with Lucy and some people
have asked actually because they
probably noticed like they haven't seen
her at all it's because she's in France
she's not actually I want to say she's
on holiday but she's really not she's
working and but she's in France at the
moment and she I was gonna like stop
with her anyway for the meantime because
it's been hard like trying to find the
time to work out and when she comes like
I mean don't get me wrong I love it like
I love the feeling of afterwards but
when she comes over it's usually during
alessia's nap time and when I work out
with Lucy I like don't get anything else
done for the day
and because it just takes it takes up
like that hour basically it doesn't
actually the workout itself doesn't take
an hour but like I have to get dedicate
an hour to it and then I'm kind of like
not ready for the day I'm not um you
know like I do it at nine o'clock so
it's quite for me before that would have
been early but for me right now that's
quite late and I don't want to ask her
to come any earlier because she lives in
London and it's like I'm just not gonna
do that to her um but I just feel like
at the moment I could probably do better
just doing it by it by myself just like
four-minute routines and stuff like that
or whenever I can which I haven't been
doing because I just don't have the time
right now which I know is a stupid
excuse but I'm just like kind of
overwhelmed with the three of them and
like going back to school was so busy
there's just so many things to remember
and it's times to now like it's a
full-time job
like being a full-time mom is a
full-time job in itself let alone if
you're trying to work on top of that
which I've just kind of given up on
working like right now I'm doing little
bits here and there but I haven't been
doing videos I just can't like I can't
until maybe if we sort out some kind of
childcare in the future I don't know but
at the moment I just can't really do it
it's just not really possible because
I'm like full-time working like working
looking after her then there's tons of
stuff that you wouldn't even imagine
like I mean my school wasn't like this
I'm not like it wasn't as I don't want
to say intense but like there's just so
much to remember and like dates to
remember things to remember like PE kits
swimming costumes and this that and the
other like on different days and a
million Eduardo obviously two different
people in two different classes so
there's loads of stuff to remember for
both of them and also her and I just
feel a little bit like overwhelmed right
now like it's fine but if I try and put
work on top of it it's just gonna my
is gonna explode so then the workouts
was just something extra and I was like
okay I need like something's got to give
like my main priority is being a mum by
everything else can come after that and
honestly I don't really care as much
about like my appear do you don't I mean
like not my parents but like if I'm not
as fit as I used to be and my three kids
are happy and healthy and looked after
that that's fine so I think I'm just
gonna do it myself so I think we're
gonna try and go for a walk now and then
I need to pick up Eduardo I think
Jonathan might do it today I'm not
really sure and then I ate to bring
Amelia for her vaccinations which she's
a year late on only because she was born
I mean so was it wired up but she was
born in Ireland and then she didn't have
any shots here they were all done in
Ireland so she wasn't even she's on the
system like she's registered with the
doctor but we never got like a reminder
just because she never had any shots
here about her preschool booster which
was supposed to be last year and then we
got one for Eduardo and I was like oh
oops ha is immediate to have this and
then I asked them and they were like
yeah she's supposed to have that so it's
fine I can bring her in now we're a year
like late but I don't think you're ever
really too late but I really want her to
have it because um apparently you have
to have it to get into a university in
the UK I don't you know I thought that's
it the nurse said anyway
we're out we're not super happy
okay then half an hour it's gonna be
feeding time again but all in all I
think we're okay do this okay les yeah
I'm thinking maybe I should have done
this for her first nap instead like so
that she could see it sound like please
don't go to sleep that would ruin
everything
it's not that time so maybe tomorrow we
do it different if we do it tomorrow
because supposed to be ready tomorrow so
let's see right Who I am going to
collect it white oh I hope I have crisis
huh no I kind of can't remember that oh
I did come over the last time I am
brought him anywhere is that because one
of the tweeted the vaccination that time
because it's just been Jonathan Jonathan
and I have been fighting for it and
pickups and drop-offs like both of us
want to do it is basically the problem
which I guess is a good problem to have
and it's having a problem is it just
very involved parents I think and
Jonathan enjoys being an involved dad
and I will like being an involved mom
but I've got less yeah most of the time
so it just works it that he doesn't most
of the drop-offs and pickups okay
yeah but I like doing the school run and
like I miss it and stuff but then he
misses it when he's not doing it so it's
you know you knew his participation
meeting it's really not a problem is
that anyway so I'm off to collect
Eduardo there's been a change of plan
with Amelia's vaccinations because she's
got a teddy bears picnic today and they
didn't want her to miss it at school and
I don't think she should miss it either
so I had to reschedule
so yeah just collecting Eduardo today
how was school Eduardo oh he wants me to
look at Winnie the Pooh okay what's he
doing in there huh he doing in there
how was school Eduardo was it all right
he's busy I think it went well he was
happy to see me oh you can't do that
when I'm driving no okay it's dangerous
well because I have to keep my eyes on
the road that's the rules because it's
dangerous if I don't you could have a
crash okay big owie okay sure go home to
Daddy and Alessia with your sister say
wakey wakey eggs and Bakey say love you
less yeah go and talk to dad
mommy that's you I know dad oh no that's
me and my uncle actually yeah yeah and
the other other frame well you heard
that lazy-eyed about your eyes and
where's your
look at this right he's wearing a fillet
and I am wearing lazy lei and we are a
bunch of G leis
I don't make him here turn right you
mean look at those twins or the GLA
bunch a bunch eg lace what can we put
this in the boot is it because everyone
had a scooter yesterday you didn't but
jessica's mommy gave you her but it mean
it's not bringing hers because you're
not waste a post to scoot in school yeah
so come on hop in
yeah now look what happens scooters yeah
exactly exactly
we'll put it somewhere really really
safe we're on a walk on an adventure we
are an adventure wardo you and me what
this is not an adventure why can't this
be an adventure it looks like an
adventure it's not an adventure we're
all the work they're doing hmm
what might look nice when it's done
who's doing it the man's doing it yeah
like he's got a real own toilet numbers
in toilet in the garden it's a good idea
could be on to something there you're
tired got anywhere Terry you oh boy
two little mermaids swimming in the sea
one little mermaid can't you see she's a
little mermaid he's a little mummy you
guys look so cute in your matching it
does actually you're right oh your
goodness is like so oh yeah
that's not a real ID pop even though
Mediate decent like a little your
mermaid I don't think mommy's my shoes
guys
oh did you go to Ursula oh you have to
do the song huh your voice is my angel
huh
now you've got legs and you can go with
Sebastian to the Seas is me Prince Eric
hey are you some sort of hybrid between
Little Mermaid and Cinderella
happy birthday Amelia I hope you have a
wonderful day they're always happy
birthday to you know when she's out here
she's lectionary like her head he made a
happy birthday video and everybody
should i me neither me neither huh she
can't hear us no you can say thank you
though she she can hear you here
right here
oh well thank you
