what's up guys you know I'm just hanging
with my dogs you know
go for a walk drinking the bird watching
the game
that is time to dress the baby a daddy's
time to dress the baby what would you
like to wear what would you like to wear
I swear I'll let you choose anything cuz
it won't be mommy sition it's daddy's
time to dress the baby the B bear
buh buh buh baby I always kind of smell
like baby sick or not baby sick it's
like you know I mean most of my clothes
have that sort of essence you know it
doesn't matter what clothes it is you
know you just put something on she just
throws up in it or sometimes you even
notice there's stuff all there surely
like oh hi hi yeah they're kind of like
no what do you like okay that happens
quite a lot actually you don't even
realize you still fall over you can
smell you like ya smell of like breast
milk returned RC horsie horsie horsie
horsie horsie horsie horsie horsie
horsie horsie horsie horsie horsie
horsie horsie horsie horsie horsie
horsie horsie horsie horsie horsie
horsie horsie horsie horsie horsie
horsie are you the most fun they'd be in
the world ever
are you doughnuts and like it yeah yes I
am you see that knows how to dress you
what do you think hey can you pull this
all up it's just like a 1 a 1 z
situation is it a 1 0 a 2 Z is it a 1 0
TZ ok who's a pretty girl oh my god no
no no no no no no I just changed you
know yep oh you know becquer what do you
think now huh option 2 what do you think
of option 2 I prefer this time if you
can maybe not throw up on all over
yourself okay we show mommy she's
probably gonna tell us it's all wrong
now
will you explain to her and it wasn't my
fault
what do we think mom
yeah
I mean yeah are you gonna sleep this
whole walk again bring on this lovely
walk and you just sleep and she'll wake
up when we get back to the carpark be
like oh that was a nice nap
what happened I know it's always so
pretty here with the Sun and like the
tide and everything suffering of course
you're not really enjoying any of it
Oh God Oh YUM where's your friend oh
he's over there
hey buddy want to see a little bit of
Bucky's wanna see you later tube lucky
hey it's kind of scary this is like oh
hey that's not her voice here you take
her for that right good oh geez this is
big trouble this is trouble do you know
why
and I think even know nobody's even see
him can you see you know what you're
missing but okay this is okay
Oh
hello
yeah he's the wrong
Oh Oh Mia look who's here see go you
ready you ready ready Freddy
go like the waters all gone like Amelia
it's the world Wow hey do you want to
clip her off cuz she's getting more
tangled Thanks
they were very good that time I asked
them both to stay and they they stayed
what do you think you like it
this is the tricks like she doesn't stay
in sleep the whole time did you wake her
up though
well she was kind of stirring at the
horse part oh yeah good girl the one in
the portal you run a nice walk make sure
her little oh yeah
either in there in the little mix funky
I like this it's very convenient
are we going to run mm-hmm we going are
you a stay shipping this guy he's been
shooting this guy oh my God look at that
disgusting dog
Xena just came out of the muddy puddle
oh geez
do you think Cena's okay to let off like
to go up there but she's gonna run no
Jonathan no putting it with Maxim Sini's
where's Amelia
oh don't let her jump butter though
Jonathan don't put her feet on the
ground that's gross
my feeling footsies our teddy bears it's
so cute hi she go running hi shmoop your
first run hey no she's always smiling at
the camera I think maybe it's cuz the
fluffy thing on top oh maybe we throw in
Gary how would he know she's actually
looking around oh yeah ah you see the
trees and the grass and the puddles like
pepper
poodles everybody loves jumping in muddy
puddles no how are you gonna Jonathan I
don't trust you oh my god
meeow meeow meeow no hi baby
Hey hi little bear you get it see look
you should use the camera app instead
not the Instagram forget the tree huh
it's a tree
what's a tree look whoa
go high up across huh look at this this
is holly
don't touch the holly okay because it
stings hmm
no more trees that's a mommy is a mommy
in a doggy what you're freezing
we're an adventure a nature walk with
dad oh my God look apple cool hmm
free candy this is such a pretty bridge
pretty lady on a pretty bridge I'm on a
mother effer bridge huh you enjoying the
bridge right walk I think I am yeah
that's how it's nicer it's prettier
pretty you in Alvie here in oh good you
can't go across the road though
girl you like that later you walk cuz
you're a good girl he's just lazy
look he's perfectly happy seriously if
we had bought a dog stroller he would
have taken to it I knew you loved it did
you love that did you love that huh
Howie he's gonna be at the hole noise
though I wonder he's saying in the hole
we're back at the car now like he's long
enough
goodbye Amelia I'm not sure now I don't
know if this is the right spot you know
there's so many little ways to get out
you know we're contemplating letting
them off give him a trial run cuz we've
trained arrested him like I'll be in
scene anyway get to come off the lead
like I don't want to train the puppies
to her to behave off the lead but I'm
just not sure if this is the right area
maybe we should bring them individually
like two at a time or two Jacobs and do
it in the big green area you know there
any bunnies in here any bunny rabbits I
saw one run past I don't see one though
and a copy one right in front of me I
just can't see it you know she can't see
you funny I want you to riddle hi
look it is random stroller here let's
have a check let's have a look what's up
guys you know I'm just hanging with my
dogs you know go for a walk drinking the
bird watching the game what with that we
walk the dogs we achieved
oh we more than walk sit on an hour's
walk and yeah we did it I'm saying
honest like with the dogs like you know
the old tale of their Tim Ernst killer
was like the chicken the seed and the
Fox crossing the river and I can't
believe you don't know about that on the
boat
alright leave me a comment if you can
figure it out okay so if you don't know
this icon really don't Google it alright
and don't copy other people just think
about it yourself
and write it in the comments okay so
what yeah I know don't do it enjoy it
for yourself okay so you have a once
there's this little River okay and a
farmer has to get across the river right
you have to bring a fox a chicken and
some chicken seed with him but you can
only bring two things at a time but the
Fox ways bringing us are way more than
that we if you bring the Fox over right
and then you come back and you get
shaking the chicken the Fox will eat the
chicken the chicken will eat the seed so
how does he get everyone across that's
the riddle leave comments below you're
gonna see it's in his pocket no no these
are key for some reason these seeds
cannot create the bag he's like a big
huge big bag of seed or something yeah
you're not a cup not a handful of seed
yes yeah
bringing a ship over well yeah yeah
leave me Commodore I remember doing that
in like primary skills like a riddle to
teach you like solve problem solving
logic obviously I was amazing ever want
some water
I love it
just a little tiny bit yeah we're not
even you know you like that no more
you're pushing me away you pulling me in
what do you tell me one more you ready
oh you thinking that we all got a fright
because I was all and nobody knew and
she's like behind a kitchen thing I know
why you're always gonna happen he's
gonna give me an all heads-up you know I
knew I knew something was awry you
scream we all scream for Emma she came
home just to cook us dinner
oh nice yeah what's the name in the toy
again
Miffy Mickey from Holland he's coming a
ninja but he's an image it sugar
clapping cooking clapping how do you
pronounce that I think that's the
nearing door yes yeah but then in
English like in an American books of
sniffing OH
Miffy hey baby can you pronounce it in
Dutch Emma
yeah
Nietzsche's please splints fleurs
Spencer's yeah hi mate
you're my best friend I'm your first
Dutch friend funny want to eat this
she's such a muncher I'm when she
munchkin I want to try something here
with some foot of water into a sippy cup
because Emilia is being very upset all
right I'm gonna try this out you're
gonna try to say jonathan is just queen
you wanna hold on this palm back coming
back now there we go
I think it's all just coming in she's
happy
don't use oh jeez hey aw jeez you poor
thing I'm the Erica put on your little
pink suit
yeah did she oh you kisses from Andy
who's your favorite handy just make it
jeez
yeah yeah hello Oriole hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
hahaha
