oh she's rolling over one two three
is it bad is it bad if it was you watch
this time
hi there hey there hey there hi dad
Good Friday morning it's Friday morning
February huh it's Friday February first
first Friday February see that first
Friday February hmm excited it's daddy's
birthday month it's daddy's birthday
right to go that has to go vertical that
has to go hey guys it's Friday here huh
I know you're talking to my friends one
day a couple of days ago but he's in his
box for a couple of days show my friends
Saturday's go Brad tomorrow ain't all
about my friend Sunday
it's Friday now let's party like it's
Friday good morning little girl she was
so cute gets so excited when I put on
Peppa Pig and I sing the song happy and
I was thinking yesterday when I was
doing my hair I was like oh my god I
know it's a long way off and everything
but my thing for her first birthday we
should do a Peppa Pig theme and see if
she still likes it by then great okay
look at this thing
that's the cabbage the like oriental
cabbage I think looks cool anyways I
want to get some cleaning done before we
go out because we have we're doing
family Friday today and that's gonna be
later on this evening and then at 3:00
we're going for a nari a photo shoot
just to do photos for the Sunday
Independent which is what I think we're
gonna be in this Sunday so my mom's just
asking who she meet here me sue for
tonight oh my god YUM well that was that
I was a Muji Ameche workout so where I'm
we're gonna do a photo shoot later on
today for a newspaper with them well
it's in about two hours so I gotta get
home
the vlog and stuff anytime wherever in
the press or the radio or TV and stuff
like that normally it's like the media
themselves decide to run a story on
something and then they're like okay I
wanna do a story on youtuber social
media video in your life something
something like that you know this
particular one pertains to bullying
cyberbullying particularly and you know
then they'll call when they look for
someone of interest that is talking or
and represents that and then they're
gonna interview a mother interviewing
you they might find that you know they
want to take progress with an interview
with you more or they might decide that
they'll just take a quote from you and
then they're going interview someone
else so they might interview a couple of
different
people and then they might decide to use
you know your thing so like no one ever
gets paid in the newspaper anything you
see in a newspaper is never paid yeah
sure like you know this magazine stellar
GQ or vulgar some italic you've never
seen one of those magazines we just got
paid yo put at newspaper stuff no way
Jose like newspapers come like they
can't afford to be paying people for
articles anymore that's like that's like
the boom time guys
that's over so I just want to say
because I know after we do some my not
who we are like oh my god so you guys
are like selling your story it's like
selling what leave me comment if you'd
like to buy my story because it is for
sale I feel a little bit crappy to be
honest like my throat feels weird I feel
like I'm getting the flu but I did feel
like that yesterday I think the pain is
not gone from this boob so I think it
might be still like a little bit clogged
but it's not as bad like if I empty
today I kept feeding her on that one and
I kept massaging it and it's just
awkward because it's underneath so I
can't really massage it with the hot pad
or the heating pad well she's I've never
seen because that's where she is is
where like that's where her head is is
where as the clogged duct is so it's
kind of awkward but anyways I'm gonna
take two panadol and see how I go and
the dogs got their little paws on the
panadol yesterday it was so bad but
nobody ate anything they took them all
away so terrible so what a waste of
money we have like two left I think yeah
look completely ruined but we have two
left like oh my god so dangerous and
it's all because I do but I left it on
the couch and I was feeling so sick that
I just thought I didn't even realize is
that people are working out why does it
hurt so good but feels so bad
whoa after Jim disco car party I take
that photo it's amazing mm-hmm did you
put a filter over there no seriously did
that son yes oh I was like wow I knew it
was like Sun in the lens when I was
shooting it and I was like this really
nice lens flare well I didn't think it
was that an epic that's that's that's
amazing photo like Susie you're so hot
you're so beautiful not to me Nene's not
to me to me you look like the most
beautiful woman in the world
whoo tasty homemade fish cakes that
one's a little bit moist because it was
broken so I had to sort of mold it
together again but um that's nice one
though oh it's a quarter to I hope you
have enough time yeah I know but it's a
quarter to now and fish cakes take a
while to cook oh did you oh they're crab
cakes sorry hey do Krabby Patties man oh
yeah you play with it new dolly
deadly oh look at her
they got a brain trying to figure out
your amazing let me see here don't you
see here not small very but like tight
hello six months slow yeah I guess what
we're late
when I say the forest Ewok with Arctic
weather lovely spring time has come
Wow its first February oh my god ring
doesn't start until like spring never
start searching over marshlands you're
not crazy
heatwave we had for two weeks and then
that was it for the whole summer
that was that was it never again was in
Sonny's place is right lucky
you should go into like winners make a
business meeting in there you just walk
in the door like slam your hand and like
I demand answers you're fired
please oh it's too dark you know I see I
think so no yeah about the end stuff no
I didn't mean eeeh Amelia hello oh you
know what's happening who's that who's
that hi hi hi hi oh heck is she looking
amazing hi hi hi mommy's tired oh thank
you
I'm okay
she's the whoa okay this is the scariest
elevator of my life oh my goodness every
day oh my god we survived she wants good
you are good you're gonna make a model
huh you're gonna be a superstar model
yeah so Amelia is on her um I'm gonna
just upstairs watching come dynami and
we're kind of having a come down at me
situation aren't we are we high you
playing me Trina you playing with dolly
you need Dolly's foot you gonna need the
Ali's foot oh geez well that's a lot of
chicon Ian it's a Korean situation now I
know people sometimes in the world call
this chicken okay you need to correct
them you say it's not chicken its Chico
nyan all right so we're just gonna chop
this up yeah do you guys want some all
right you can have one between the two
ears okay but you have to share between
the two is okay oh she's rolling over I
wanted to record it she rolled over now
wouldn't you wagered yeah what you were
doing you were so good she was like hi
okay she's in a good mood so I'm with
you that's white but watch this come on
now come on now come on now
oopsy-daisy Oh who's that strong girl
hurry that's John girls
they'll be like that look watch dad this
is how you do it mm-hmm
hey buddy hey buddy what he said what
one two three god she's so cute oh I
think we should keep her she's so cute
though look at it just like hanging out
oh he's a bad day is it bad if it was
you watch this time holy crap that's a
lot of chicken I think ages to cut all
that up oh my goodness what do people do
when they have like huge families my
cousin found him six goodness me let's
take a lot to look for all of us
how many meat Commons of the amount on
your family right I come from the six
which is mom and dad and four kids leave
me comments and let me know I mean we
can all like look at those comments and
let's just like see the difference in
the families you know I think I wonder
what Amelia's gonna grow up will it be a
four we kind of we're thinking over you
for what you'd be like Amelia and her
brother
fingers crossed brother maybe sister
maybe we went around those families with
five daughters and I would like yeah
maybe next time we'll have a son but
that's what makes it fun and interesting
God if life was predictable we'd all
just be asleep he's so boring how's
everything coming along there we can
actually barely fit it all in his pants
there's so much of it
huh somebody might be here she's gonna
get loud in here nice my green curry is
sort of a brown Thai curry that's okay
right
Brown Hickory give a hat Browns like
curry oh my goodness what is this look
what I made how could I make one for
each puppy now let's just put this on
the floor here and see what happens
keep them coming big spoon hey isn't
that one more most balloons allowed
now he's like oh no wait oh look at
Ricky's one oh my goodness hey bonus one
bonus one do you like oh mama
oh it's my name oh mama what's my name
girl oh my oh my god she's become a
beard puller is that a game you
know was it funny is it funny time is it
fun times is it a fun time before the
hands bigger because I tell you that
watch is not having it Erica's having
issues over there so a lot waited her
and she's like most excited day in her
life isn't it mm-hmm
they were looking into you too hmm hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
