Oh my name is horse you see em they see
it the same okay you're eating mercy
well having mercy it's been a while
since we talked about the weighing thing
and I haven't done it in a bit but um
since Danity so about two weeks ago what
was I 185 and I like I haven't really
been using the fitness pal thing I use
it at the start and I just kind of got
an idea of what foods war and it kind of
showed me how much of access I was
eating per day and then basically I
haven't used that since then and I'm not
being like ridiculous about what I'm
eating and like oh my god how much does
that how much it is I'm just kind of
like you know being realistic with my
portions I'm not like on the gym and
flapping about you know gone there and I
am training like I am proper doing it
you know I'm putting it all in there no
messing about like you know focus my
mind on achieving the set that my
trainer made for me and and you know
that's what I do it's like I work real
hard in the gym burning up a big sweat
like my muscles are in pain when I leave
you know but that's all I know I'm doing
good I'm gonna come home I just need my
speech no but I am enough for to talk
let's see if it made any difference and
now 170 8.20
so I think I have a block docked or
again cuz this boob is really really
store and it kind of started last night
it's not your fault but I kind of
started last night and um I just hurt so
bad so
I'm putting our hot contrasts in the
microwave and I just got Joseph to look
at it because I can't really see it's
like underneath the boot but I can't
feel any clogged up it just feels like
it's bruised that's what it honestly
feels like like I just got hit in the
boob like really hard yesterday and
today it's like this is what it feels
like there you go
so um but he says that it looked really
red oh maybe it opened a little bit last
time what's the date 2016 anyways it
really hurt so much so I'm gonna try and
nurse her and use this and hopefully
fingers crossed it'll go away
you hungry you better be because I need
you for a sec walking into safety on
that Thursday afternoon heading to the
pub in the city up your phone please
praying at the end of this video
pray pray heavens the hashtag is pray
for boobs boobs
I pray for boobs yeah hopefully well I
didn't there was a couple of lumps but I
massaged the mouse this is so not sexy
yeah this is not no no I just think
boobs were fun they're they're just
functionable that is a food source I'm
just clearing at the food source that's
it it's like the bottles yeah that's it
that's all I'm doing
oh my knee knees that's where we met who
we met who would have thought it huh
that night when we met you know he's
like show her oh yeah oh no I'm glad I
don't we live in Norway looks at Norway
in the midst of a nappy shortage after
supermarket price war oh we got some
present those this one right this is the
most amazing invention in the world ever
you know I'm supposed to fill it up
ruiner see no glossybox
right was just like girls get their make
himself this is boots box
pooch pack it's a glossy box a concept
for dogs there's no one here we let
ourselves in oh hey oh my god have you
ready exam times oh that's like the
worst book ever the essential guide to
exam success you see about the mocks
right that suck-ass is that when you do
your leaving your junior sir you are
then free on your summer holidays when
you do your mocks you just don't have to
go to school for another four months
it's painful it sucks
oh my goodness did you go to the market
Oh loads of food for me to see you
sitting there
okay that's like gonna is that go what
alright people coming up this like yeah
cuz the automated system over there so
we're gonna beat the system yo so if
you're watching you today and you're
taking input that was don't worry well I
wasn't but I have convinced me Oh cheer
up one sec I would say the packet a
large envelope it's illogical
oh it's the name where's it going UK Oh
United Kingdom go to your home these are
subscribers in there and a winner so
Anna seems think the food court isn't
open at this witching hour of the night
all right
it's crazy hour of the night I don't
believe so I think it's only Nando's the
Italian shop
the Italian place but we're gonna find
out momentarily we're name and shame you
name and shame old mind some popcorn oh
yeah you know what cinema is like home
I've never seen that before
I'm not pretending ok yeah look the food
cards over no well done yeah yeah
special opening tonight first time ever
that's what they're saying I said that's
what I'm you saying cuz I ain't gonna
nanos went to bed the bar it was open
because Thursday late night shopping
that's why normally it will be closed
huh
Oh God oh hi hi
well I got look at my hair don't even
talk to you about hair LG LG Motorola or
Samsung now to quickly undo on my 2 or 3
weeks worth of hard work I have been 7
right worth of food to put on
yeah I know we've already had that
texting conversation it's so far behind
oh my god totally keep our hugs life we
don't like some chicken at the chicken
and dogs
what is it so cute oh hey how was the
bit what she's eating her foot I know
you header sitting up I think there's
like oh my god I don't know what I'm
gonna call it a video but that is to
come down so cute oh yeah 21
we both got some different play guys
Caesar salads with chicken we get the
silent
the hell is going on this is what it
looks like yeah I've never ever had this
before none knows no it is warm it's
good
your nose
everybody I know
did you need this for your pump is all I
mean oh is that her probably you were
talking go down the natural like Oh boys
razors and stuff right
a funny hair that wasn't actually on the
list of things to do
The Mentalist right so this mental is
this the kind of thing that will just
constantly evolve as the day progresses
it's your no limitations of his mentally
right and am I ever involved in this
Mentalist you ever Saturday we were come
to man point and sat here seriously who
does that tweet me a picture of you
standing at this thing if you know reach
me and I'll have a chocolate to myself
as well has to be at this map
you're actually places in a place Peppa
Pig oh okay that's the end of that media
pan coca yeah it's always right my
birthday
but seriously Amelia this is what we
called you
we called you a panko teddy bear T
laughing are you seriously over there
did we not come here for nappies and
agenda over there sorry I got distracted
did you so level tree are you suggesting
that she's a level four now yes this is
what we were looking at four plus yeah
are you waving you pulling your hand off
hmm
you want some pancakes
I'm cold gasps your little pan colder
yes you are
okay don't pull your eye off don't pull
out your eye please don't pull I try
well that's a lot of cleaning equipment
oh don't we need some sort of like
Hedgehog little dog or something oh
there's one right there that's handy
what's an upper I think we've actually
reached a point where we're gonna need a
bigger trolley I never I always take the
little trolley because I'm not ready to
commit to myself that we need a big
collie but I realized that we're gonna
start needing the bigger collie like oh
my goodness so I like proper grownups
now enemies since the pooch packs
what's in this one now came in like a Oh
Rachel Cooke came into such a you don't
normally yeah I was gonna leave this I
think for the peel box for Anna for next
week oh my goodness but we have a little
peep inside sweeties oh my god Joe if
you got a big one watch off we got a big
one and I know oh look it's kind of like
leper to yourself later generally open
us up
oh my god you have no idea what you've
just done Rachel when I was a kid myself
with my brother got your key they used
to be like mixer trucks I'm like sisters
got like normal eggs and me and my
brother always got your key trucks
because your key is for boys only your
key hearts is not for girls oh my
darling you so much yeah how would you
get but you get I got a chocolate Easter
Egg whoo would you get mmm
what a name yeah varnishes oh I've never
even it looks with fence he does love
label label Oh can't even open Amelia's
one nice oh my god did you get her a
pair Nike oh my god you got a pair of
Nikes oh my god they're so cute huh
Nikes thanks so much oh my god how
awesome is that
Nikes chocolate and nail varnish all
right who wants a pooch pack
pooch pack this thing's here I know what
these are all look at published practice
their Twitter thing and their Facebook
that's Facebook page back have a great
month oh my goodness let's take all this
effect let's start off with some billion
Mar guard venison venison that's fairly
posh hundred percent air dried British
venison meat Pat munchies these are
already fancy yeah chicken strips oh
that's gonna I was gonna like that a tug
and play Oh dental mince
Oh more ocean white fish this is this is
really cool for pause only the venison
look at the happy faces
somebody has mud on their back Nevaeh
guys ready oh my god this is a big treat
guys hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
