whoa whoa you see that that's very close
daddy is a broken man how do you feel
about daddy being a broken man do you
like it do you like it when daddy's a
broken man everybody and my buzzy
everybody and my muscle is broken
every muscle in my Buddha my Buddha
I just had an honor that I was avoiding
my dream I was hiding from him in the
gym yes oh and then today I know he's on
the main reception area honey when I
swiped my team but he's gonna be here
how am I gonna sneak past him
whenever I just like crawl underneath
put my hand up and I can run password
eat like sprint past like mmm you like
what was it literally blew you happen to
have a picture of your facing when you
bleep by your face comes up on the
screen so you know it's you wanna do me
now and it just making any sense but
it's like really hard to like drink like
2 or 3 liters or everyday sometimes
sometimes okay to do it but some days
it's like it's almost a struggle but
then you really feel it you know with
your am being like stiff or tired or
sluggish or something like it's like oh
I have to remember the day it's like
then more more you drink more your pee
and then you're like peeing every 10
minutes and you feel like are stupid
seized up windows was watered and the
peeing stopped you think all great
within your slugging she gets here like
oh crap or you drink water and you start
peeing every 10 minutes it's like it's a
vicious cycle hello little girl in a big
bed
so Amelia's gonna stay in bed while I
take my shower let's find some nice toys
for her to play with maybe not puppets
there you go oh wow you're gonna wait
there and mom's gonna take her shower
now okay
okay girl my what a beautiful more
no it is kind of beautiful morning let's
get a Sun in the sky I feel a little bit
better I feel about my just needed to I
needed to get out of the house get in
the car and be like a body bag alright
he's going he's actually going there's
no point in trying to convince him not
to go anymore he's actually going so we
might as well sort of commit to a oh
look there's a good parking spot
actually know what I'm gonna go ahead to
the overflow I don't know I like the
overflow I've become accustomed to the
overflow but yeah but I just knows that
I'm serious right now so it's given up
it's like fine yeah yeah whore
look someone yeah oh god I'm gonna have
to cut line I like the country lane I
like the country oh jeez they crashed
into the country oh thanks funny goofy
crash your car Jovi it'll be a good
excuse to get editor work at and crash
my car hmmm wait for the bump wait for
the bum that's the bump so every morning
me and I have this tradition don't we we
do where we'll go to the mirror here in
our bedroom and I'll say ah he's a
pretty girl ah he's a pretty girl ah
please yeah okay I already did it so
she's not getting as excited but you get
so excited like she's looking at herself
like that like down
we should pretty girl yeah there you go
where's your pretty girl who is a pretty
girl yeah and she like wrinkles her body
she gets so happy huh the junkies gone
crazy DJ he's kind of creepy dad's home
so the dogs overridden
and membrane and sand in the membrane we
were just watching you Peppa Pig and
making breakfast actually that's quite
that's quite good because now I can put
on his part
I can be like I'm Phoenix all things
live item caught me I know and like is
looking for you
let's do it Oh Robbie yes well this is
it yeah careful too many dogs on the
baby you like it
I swear she was laughing before this
always happens I'm like guys guys look
at this turn on the camera nothing um
I need to get her a sock basket it's
really bugging me and like oh do you
ever feel like you plan all these things
then you just never have to you know
like you have a project that you want to
do and then you just feel like
day-to-day life gets in the way so you
never get around to doing that that's
like really bugs me there's so many like
projects I want to do and I just get her
little hair bow look at her
hugs it's a pity she's not wearing shoes
yet like because she has so many shoot
what the hell are you doing Jonathan
what are you doing freak is sneaking
them stupido gonna have a shower for now
oh look she got up she like tried to get
on yay come on do your reps we're gonna
do six reps alright let's do it one two
oh he can add flinches me do that but
she's very like um not one of my 101 how
to say like she doesn't flinch like when
like a loud noises happen and stop
because of the dogs and because we're
kind of crazy yeah yeah she's like
whatever you weight drop I always drop
her sometimes I juggle her and drop her
drop kick her whoo I remember once I
stopped Erik cow and she was a baby
we're not yet drop her no and I'm scared
cuz everyone says you will at one point
probably or she off something or
something because yet to happen I think
Erika was a bit I hope she was older
when I dropped her but I dropped her off
of bed and she dropped on her head I
didn't like them can you imagine you it
older kiddo I think with the I made all
your mistakes with your little sister
terrible I hope she was older anyways I
also want to send look guys this is a
bin full of three to six months and this
one right here is also three to six sir
yeah and look my nail polish like came
off two fingers what the hell I don't
know how long this will last
but she's just sitting up I took off her
vest and she just stayed sitting up like
as in by herself and then I held her
hand obviously but I got a fright like I
did not expect what are you doing do you
like this point of view you're looking
at those ugly stickers I hate those
stickers I tried to peel them off but I
couldn't I probably need soapy water or
something hmm you like this new
perspective of life oh oh oh geez oh
geez
good girl you gonna grab your feets say
hello to your foot says and now you
don't know what they are and you're like
what are those things
damn what hey gotta put this it's just
like hot it feels funny which doesn't
understand white well your nails are
quail on there you go
about your foot that's a foot hello what
darling oh oh she did it she did it
oh hello foot do it again
dude stick in your rent stick it in
there and eat your foot eat your foot oh
you ate your own foot okay good there
will anyone actually do it look I left
it open but look
only burden is like a tack
I have to open that no one is actually I
think tio is gonna go freeze not sure
like I'm I'm not supposed to do this
oh-oh-oh
nan Drago oh boy you guys suggestions
whoo Brussels sprouts
the chicken fajita know what Oh text
America
what's this happen oh okay I've decided
I'm gonna make none knows I got
everything we need
I got everything you need make this with
instead of having chips and I have a
little baby potatoes it's a sweet corn
and pineapples like for dessert and then
I'm gonna put em some rocket with some
peppers and stuff it's gonna be yummy
all I got some popcorn too but yeah this
is gonna be daddy
Nando's at home Joe FINA Nigel
not Joe Joe Joe Joe me know how do you
emerge Nando's and Joe please together
leave your best guess below cooking the
sweet corn
boop-boop-boop get the chicken and
getting a potato circuit and watching
Top Gear you guys like Top Gear I really
like talk to you and I hate Top Gear I
don't know I really I really like the M
you'd only go into challenges and stuff
like that you know you know what's
really cool I always wanted to have what
in an inning-ending him oh goodness I
always wanted to have a car that was
featured on top gear you know without
actually having to like you know
remortgage my house or something and
that's why like when I got the Porsche
can I was like yes hello like I'm
probably like one of the cheapest cars
how are you thinking like that's a
Porsche so despite one of the cheapest
cars cuz they have like I didn't get
Bugattis the Enron crazy stuff there you
know for them I may have eaten all the
pineapple gurus but I was like free
candy calorie free candy we're gonna
call it country free candy this is
bubbling nice the chac√≥n ian is pretty
much done all we're waiting on now
baby potatoes and we are done he's
English
doors you know just all the way to the
toilet baby is where Brody is English
Oh like honey and brody walked and he's
all like all right bro
say what I do not know that oh my god
did you guys know that he just came in
here like all right all right what that
is Mentos leus all right and this is
what I ended up making I fry it ever
come together at the end
we got chicken potatoes peppers and
sweet corn yum yum oh sorry and this is
what I am just making Wow Hey all right
god there's like a massive thunder and
lightning happy there I see the dogs
outside it was like y'all went crazy
let's see if we can catch the next one
no all right sir lights off okay
everyone
oh my during this holy crap huh okay you
can see your reflection oh my goodness
you really see the light that the noise
of it as well
oh my goodness excellent there's a storm
coming I tell ya I don't think you guys
want to go back out there hold the turn
that lightning comes back she first
storm huh
do you think of it whoa whoa you see
that
that's very close there was only last
second between the lightning and the
boom oh my gosh out of that the storm is
right over us
whoa oh my god the power just went the
power just went hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
