I don't know this we keep doing you just
like sitting up what you doing
no hand is it joyful oh my god oh my god
what a beautiful even is blogs alias
beam brain rain rain go away come back
another day
come on is a another day I mean no don't
come back no one wants you here huh they
hoped oh don't start crying it makes it
worse uh-huh she wasn't so bad
we got the injections gotta go to the
car cuz I'm gonna win hang on he'll be
all poor little Amelia well she doesn't
have to go back till she's 6 months 6
months and the nurse it's so funny cuz
they must think like whoa every time cuz
they grow so much yeah yeah yeah they
grow so much in one month let alone
tooth she was like she's cute um so she
got her mileage I this one
meningitis and her six in one that's
like six different yeah yeah success
immunizations in one and the meningitis
one is the kind of painful one but she
didn't really well she actually liked it
what I didn't cry this time I went I did
a holding of the baby Jordan jack yeah
Jonathan's very good he does the holding
of the baby so cuz I can't but I'm it
was easier than last time she said next
time will probably be a bit sore cuz you
do three oh how horrible is that and
they give them in the pies cuz when I
was younger it was all in the arms
anyone around my age probably got the
tree in their arm that's nice is an
artist but they realized that was more
painful so thanks that's brilliant so I
got to Olive a we were like the test
subjects like yeah except I would think
that your leg is more painful now you
got more I know from getting tattoos
already yeah the more fat you have there
I'm sure she just got a little fright
you know when they put it and then she
just stopped like she was right now
because we're not moving yeah there he
goes
oh no I thought you tied up whoo Apple
update 6 point something point something
point something whoo maybe finally
they've learned how to make the coffee
whoa update completed continue whoa
pick a network whoa must've been a
serious update if I have to like redo
everything what should I get it
oh well I think Apple only give it to
certain people see you can get it is it
in my update and actually just a message
come up and it was like hey buddy
want to update your phone yo when you
Charlie
she looks hot who's this hot mom here
getting out of this SUV huh all right we
need a charlie because I have some
things to bring prison juice so now yeah
you probably get this stuff around
anywhere wasn't there someone in New
Zealand or something
Australia or something where's the
Firdous cannon at so you can expect that
around July June or July
the Irish Postal Service is not like the
most efficient thing in the world it's
what you need to get it home one of
these things here you know I really
could you could do all the floors really
quickly normally disclose offices always
jammed so hopefully it's not hopefully
it's not he could send Amelia it's like
a runner-up prize so we were so close to
get Hannah hold on these three here yeah
they didn't make it he didn't make it
due to customs the soap and the nail
polish the lip gloss in the sealant
it doesn't make any sense and we
received so much
this is the one they really seem to like
it it's got fresh meat in it it is the
best one so we're gonna get it
anything else we need here in the doggie
section over here uni hand soap we have
tons of it yeah we can keep the fancy
stuff for yourself you can have fancy
and so Mina what is your mother
suggesting into what is this what is
this what is this what is all this what
is all this huh what do you want for
lunch Emilio just pick pick whatever you
want
it matches your clothes yeah you want
that one mm-hmm ooh special offer makeup
I'll take it
Easter has arrived in Tesco uh-huh Hey
look you get toys with the Kinder's
that's kind of cool Oh what are you
striking you're gonna get what oh my god
she's gonna nice egg this year we should
get her knees pregnant I'll eat it Peppa
Pig
oh we watch that one time look at this
one oh that will be the one for jofi
dark chocolate mint after H that is not
discussing how dare you take that back
right this instant this is the one for
me Lea here oh look there's no one Hey
look this one has a cup oh so close with
a cup
oh my god you did where's it come with a
spoon in the bowl and a coke peace in
your time is dead oh we should actually
get that for me actually should cuz it
doesn't actually come with the egg
really there's only comes at a tiny bit
egg but it's like yeah like it's not
that's so cool
I'm gonna maybe I'll make a lasagna okay
I've never made a lasagna before weight
obviously turkey mince 500 grams yeah
500 grams mozzarella need the actual
pass that things are
you'll be having your not prepared check
with Filofax Oh God
to get some chicken burgers put they're
all out of horse burgers oh ok looking
for some horse Oh puppies would you like
disney disney treats disney dog treats
oh it's goofy no you don't have it who
we splurged we didn't we got it
we couldn't help ourselves would you
also like some truth cut mmm yum yum
let's mom stop it's not a bad job
ok so fit at rawhide chips disney like
why does this knee make my twist butter
dough take one pass it on take one pass
it on take one pass it on take one pass
it on take one pass it on take one pass
it on somebody is without one oh hey
ego good girl Oh kilims we just bought
these mozzarella pack this wasn't even
open yet I just opened this one look
mold but look at that look at that big
rubber mold in there look I just opened
this back we bought this like ten
minutes ago look and I was just kind of
screw into this one you can t see it
shame on you having more mozzarella so
media is playing supposed to be filming
my video actually I'm supposed to have
film at you just go about we got a bit
sidetracked because we had to go to the
post office and we had to get her shots
and all that kind of stuff so and then
we ended up going to Tesco but um so I'm
trying to get some laundry done and then
I'm going to try and film my video for
the stylet and take my blog pictures
already helped us - where does the time
go
and the puppies are so happy with their
little treats hmm do you love it oh I
caught you you're a cat kissing your
 kissing oh you love your
love your bear he's so cute I just came
by I look like this oh oh my goodness
and me you've got a boyfriend already
you got a boyfriend already look these
are little injections from earlier on
today
oh and I need side look no redness or
anything
it's so cool isn't it you're such a
little trooper huh
such a little trooper aren't you walk
the little thing what I think my car oh
when I was jamming
so I must head out I must set out to
replace the cheese that we were stolen
from oh my goodness
dear having more screw you also we
realized we had no so I would like to
Nene said we had sauce we did not have
sauce so I gonna go to petroleum press
any petrol any way this we call a petrol
closer
make it on the way out
that's what I got from 150 years 550
kilometres look at that you're stuck you
can even put more in there is some tank
in this bad boy
hello and welcome to Joe be grabbing
toasted garlic I'm just gonna put that
in there put this in here put this in
here a lot cuz yeah oh no it fell over
oh she said do you think the way just
put the lid on that would like cooked
sure some magic Oh what am i just like
whoa cool it worked
nice job hmm and the pasta somehow made
its way over here as well oh my god my
to make focaccia oh hi I don't miss it
oh hi
I don't know what you're doing you just
like sitting up what you doing yeah
don't fall back that way want some
numbers yeah look at you huh
do you want some numbness and see your
book new names huh do you want some num
nums
her she's like sitting over yeah you
know yeah you winked
she's with it yet oh my can I like no
hand is it joyful oh my god oh my god oh
yeah hello she's on the other side now
Amenia she's popping extreme don't know
you take after your guys in telling me
oh dear hi oh hi oh yo you like some
numbness after your 15 hour long yeah
look at this
no hands well that's kind of a fall over
she's yeah it's pretty good okay Bob I'm
gonna give you a reward hug because
you're worthless I didn't
you're very flexible look at this
no look at this she always finds away
it's Amelia's Aggie she's having a time
where life in here tonight yeah let's
not say anything so I'll watch the Gypsy
Weddings yeah just transpired of footage
oh look for like a modern couple oh hi
hi hi hi hi put it on the card they just
gave you oh it's in the blood camera in
the card I don't know girl
no I didn't you put it on the
window-seat and then I just went over to
it and tried to like you know move the
mouse pad thingy and it wouldn't work ah
one if you go legal recovery screen
that's a regular screen when you why
can't things work for me
Oh God when it comes to computers and
cars and TVs we don't know got mankind
finances oh I can imagine these I can
just imagine the calls hey um what are
you up to
ah there's something wrong with the car
this Eli came on he just stopped working
okay I know what that means and when
you're gonna run he will drive that road
with it the holes from the fuel you know
right but of those people what kind of
people if you drive with like one of
those we play because I always seem evil
on the road with hoes over there there's
one of those people huh gosh so often do
I see me with things being dry get in
the car
I hate bumper cars as well so our guys
are the only thing I like in Fondren
everything else yeah everybody I liked
everything else but just bumper cars
never worked because of this weird
oh come on oven do my oh my god that
happens with all your phones all your
laptops yeah I tried something
electronic it's like it's just die it's
just I fear for that vlog you're holy
right now I know what hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
