all right I don't know what you're
talking about oh you can have those
oh my goodness it is so rainy this
morning it's so cold at night what day
at all
my name's one day and I hold and I'm
rainy
tire and I'm hungry and you know what
there's five more of my baits until your
friend Saturday comes back around
I know you don't mind the Friday fella
which is don't you all of this agitation
tell me what that stormy rain is not
really inspiring me to get out of the
car right now I just stay in here
forever it's so rainy good morning world
what a fresh start you have given me
today
preciate that nice breeze good so it's a
party night I will take a complimentary
tail I thought my hair is working out I
didn't really have a plan it's a hair
clip design that I was gonna go with but
it's sort of going this way and I
couldn't like it you know like
side-swept but like I'm a little bit
messy a little bit hanging now I don't
know I like it
alright let's go home did I like the
baby just just jump in just jump in
bagging off look at that when I get here
oh my goodness I just blow-dried my hair
I fixed it up right you know I finally
understand what you girls uh I don't
know if it's every girl but as always
I'm gonna arrange like oh no it's gonna
ruin my hair and I'd be always like
I think your hair will be okay Rain Man
woman and then em excuse me mr. Bari and
then em and then I suddenly have a
hairstyle thing that needs to be
blow-dried in order to get it to a sort
of optimal sort of win cept sort of look
and then it rains and then it fizzes
because I have like insanely curly hair
because I'm not gonna cut my hair for a
while I'm gonna just let it grow it and
see what happens with it you know see
see wait I'm giving my hair the freedom
to do what it wants you know I'm right
hair hair do what you want whatever you
wanted to you I am with that or just I
have a concern now I can already see it
happening you guys can't see it
happening but sometimes at night or I
can see little curls like curling I'm
like oh god oh god they're gonna call me
curly Bob sue she that'll a fluke TV
he's your curly Bob I'm home yo hey did
you miss me did you miss me did you miss
me yeah that was so much fun
excited you are did you guys miss me
they pepper miss me when I was gone what
did you get up to while I was done huh
what are you doing what are you doing
who is this who is this is it seeing
isn't semen what up good girl
Oh God is another one good girl
hey know what you do nee playing with
you dolly
Dolly Parton Dolly Parton - the boobage
but that's Dolly what's Kali parting
songs again I can't remember working
9:00 to 5:00 god I said that step I came
to 5:00
she's a 9:00 to 5:00 working baby hmm
you don't mind if I working baby oh yeah
I love you this is how you know the
coffee's the right to be done wait Fred
right Fred copies done mm-hmm very
important to do this when you have a
mommy well happy birthday your lady
how is it 22 21st isn't it yeah 21st
every day every year from now on oh no
she's just trying to figure I had to get
up with the toy trying to figure there
he's come with another toy are you gonna
get her favorite toy are you gonna get
up there at the toy she didn't have to
leave the toy oh oh oh oh look look I
thought she's gonna put the toy Oh and
then jump up any nicer penis she's
trying to do what she can yeah she is
she's just she's holding up by the wrong
thing well what's mommy doing his mommy
a ghost he's not via ghost yeah it's not
your eautiful
every day you're such a loser every day
you come there like I wish I wish I
looked as good as you yeah I know it's a
bit just I just avoid mirrors I can go
to like a couple of days man looking in
a mirror video and all I kept doing was
catching myself and I feel like the
whole video I'm not even smiling you so
I'm just so like annoying
crap I love people should leave comments
tell her that she looks pretty oh hey do
it do it do it some homemade soup and
would you like it tutorial on how to
cook sun-dried tomato homemade soup it's
very complicated I don't know if you
guys are advanced enough you have today
she is slipping slowly down put her on
her plane i butter butter butter ice
cream in here
Nevaeh was lying on her back like all
submissive yeah and the pink pinky was
lying beside her she gave up the toy for
Al because he's being them she wants it
but she just lay down for him slick
Vic she's done into this place that's
round egos but she's trying to put him
up with the past do don't be a bully
I'll be what you doing you got a piggy
we got everyone's got toys you just even
wanted
oh I like change things up look we're
gonna use this one instead look if
they're like little stars you know we
kind of like you know spaghetti hoops
well try this button yeah I'm sorry are
you ready
here's the tutorial it's very
complicated try and keep up take the
packet empty the contents in the
saucepan get some steamy boiling water
pours the Uni boiling water into joke
honey bun and a little bit more add
boiling water to pot spill off the side
for extra effect
stir in that sauce let's pop dust
probably best to turn the gas on yeah
that's burning more effective continue
stirring but the packet open try I could
pop if I can open my need to go find an
adults to help you this part for pasta
in PC sir pasta in too soon leave to
simmer for a while try not to let that
happen where all the path that burns to
the bottom of the pot I just did it to
show you guys what not to do and then
pour into a bowl find a loved one kind
of did him thanks that is how you make
soup so I'm just hooking on up with that
trying to reformat this laptop I found
so much footage look all this this is
like our wedding night but this never
made it into the actual vlog because I
had given
Emma you know Anna's sister the actual
block that I'm wanting to UM be with on
axes obviously I wasn't supposed to be
there but there's like so many files of
the actual wedding and she's seen her
hair
the inanity is actually so much about
like em because you kind of made the
decision on the day like we kind of make
decision the next day when I was
thinking footage she just used the the
DSLR footage and not using a blog
footage at all this is where she's just
getting her dress put on thing actually
I'm her mom zipping it up yeah like oh
we didn't actually em put that in the
vlog though because we only use the
footage from the DSLR that's really cool
isn't it so there was a whole other vlog
shot that day it just never actually
made it - yeah onto the video see I'm
trying to just clear off the stat they
all a laptop here and then I'm gonna
reformat it cuz I finally got Windows 7
and I'm gonna reformat and then and I
can edit her own videos you tubers grow
up so fast buddy
hey little buddy you getting disengaged
disengage disengage everything disengage
it's no harm at there this is like
maintaining eye contact with dad at all
times
you ready it hit just dangled the
dangled effect
Oh
Dewey we should get some in Cornford we
got think it's a pasta dinner now Emilia
did you read all the cappuccino wafers
who was this who is it
all right I don't know what you're
talking about certain I said I was
looking at I looked at that oh great if
you can have those with me
I'm in loads they're the most amazing
hands I've ever tasted in my life
in my voice yeah first day I became here
I had one I was like oh my god yeah they
are made out of heavens and then the
next day I get my cat I just I couldn't
help myself
Oh Becky doesn't mind we just have
really blame Amelia but they remember
she doesn't eat anything so when she's a
little older we'll pretend she's still
allow the cookies
oh I mean a you shouldn't steal all much
cookies huh you know gusto is there a
custom oh yeah yeah in pronto mm-hmm
Bronto what we got like two different
types of pasta is that like Italian
pasta and German pasta with Irish tomato
sauce yes ketchup on top
tanga grazie Karami huh good oh you have
to give all them back now because you
stole the way is it Thanks
is this from the wooden heart isn't it
the wooden heart is one of my favorite
shop is that what I think it does yeah
yeah but it's nicer because it's like an
actual shop on its own but it magnifies
exact that's not gonna pay me anything
is it yeah and they're gonna dance are
they
Oh mom when she gets older she can stand
up for hours what oh my God look mom
she's yeah she's lifting her head no no
it's a window hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
