it's a beautiful sunrise sunrise
inosinate
hmm I know a cutie pie No
best way to kick-start a sweaty Sunday
is to get yourself sweaty got their
sweats on we got matching sweats on whoa
nice Chiquita Chiquita mm-hmm all right
calm down guys we are going so pretty
it's so pointy and you pop the car park
was full across the road so we got the
park here which is kind of annoying but
you ready you ready for a stroll in your
stroller a stroller stroll it's nice and
sunny it's freezing but it's nice and
sunny I'll take it
I'd rather it then being really warm and
rainy and he's like dad I'll be up here
he said hmm would I - people mom down
there
what do you say hmm chatting away here
oh look at that son is it as a Splash
Mountain situation
it looks like splash medicine has even
gotten bigger do you prepare no no boots
today that's gonna end up pretty like
winter Sun is nice
oh my goodness what ya going
see that corner has there oh it's just
right there see that corner has there we
were like so close we almost live there
like we do eat the house do we have
Nancy when we're talking to that be
amazing for the dogs and all for wasn't
Dacor was not as nice and it was it was
very corporate like Grey's I'm like
neutral I don't know yeah just add a
court like compared to this but we were
so close and we were like sign that
we're like it was ours and then it was
like wow no what does does not for this
this is amazing here like this is like
this is the most I think this is like
the selling fuck yeah yeah cuz it'll
walk right here what the bunnies and
stuff why I love the house you have now
I mean the dogs would have been happier
than we have now even though they would
have had this there's no it's not a good
thing oh my god I could fire the tiniest
it's right look at that ring pattern of
you guys can see that
I ain't heard this I consume Dean he's
pulling me along
oh it's he'll be come on mush mush
he'll be powered huh
right you know when you have something
and then you forget what it looks like
all the time
look at that thing is that just such a
sexy machine
I always forget because I never see if
my head Zhai but I just walking up to
the car and I was like that's so sexy so
I was just telling Jeff is that I just
noticed recently that I've been getting
this like phrase or like word on my
Instagram lately of a media and I
noticed with one of my friends who's a
blogger as well Mussina and she's Muslim
that she would get it like every time
she would upload a picture of her baby
she would always get this word written
by like commenters and it's like
mashallah now I'm sorry if I'm friends
not wrong but I think it's my shower or
mashallah or something like that and I'm
apparently because somebody left a
comment on I noticed it was happening to
mine as well and I was like what I'm not
Muslim I didn't understand I didn't know
what a mentor anything am i I was like
but I'm not Muslim but then I realized
because somebody left a comment and
explained it to me just with that even
my asking they just they they told me
what it meant cuz they probably were
like noticing that other people were
doing it too and they probably knew that
I was probably like but does not mean
you know and I was so the person left a
comment she was like basically I think
what it is I'm sorry if I get this wrong
but I think that gist of it is that it's
like what Muslim people say if they see
like a picture or not a picture if they
see like a small baby or like child it
means that may Allah protect her or him
and so it's actually it's a really nice
thing to say thank the green deer in
little uns out have a break have a kit
kat have a break it's like raining now
huh we did well like getting that well
with the dogs cuz that was the plan we
said if we get up really early get out
with the dogs get you know before the
Sun cuz like it is just like horribly
rainy and this is back to right
herbicide to walk look it is o near that
ring head is coming
I knew that rain cloud was coming
I'll give you one day place all this
stuff right beside you it's just he's
not worn this tear up
whoo so I just vacuumed the entire house
and wrecked Social Work it because
vacuum cleaner stops that's why you have
to like grind it into the carpet so that
it actually sucks things off anyways and
really I was good enough to stay in
Herzing while I did that which was nice
of her so I got stuff done
hi you wouldn't say hi hi hi baby
hello baby who's dad he is such a good
girl yeah take a gap you came again
it'll princess like you dancing if it
weren't for that bow I think you were a
boy she's a little bit fun
this is usually the time though and she
gets a bit fussy right what are you
laughing now you little freak I think
you might be tired almost ready for bath
time oh she's pretty
jo get going to stop Dennis's mom she
just gets cranky in the evening time you
know but then after her bath time that's
usually when she's okay no she goes to
sleep I think I would be terrible with
at this job because I never think anyone
is good enough to like buzz yeah that's
why I would be so crap at this because I
would just pick through based on their
looks you can't see them I would feel I
just like are they pretty I don't know I
don't know what to do
Oh her waits on her look hi I pick you
based on your look
and I pushed my button hi Missy hey
Missy you crawling hey just busy
crawling are you crawling she likes
doing um she likes doing her crawling
exercises here because you can see
herself well there's a really cold draft
coming from the other from the toilet
though hold on let's close this window
it's pretty chilly oh you're gonna roll
over are you gonna cry for mommy huh
you gonna crawl for mommy who's that
pretty girl huh who's that pretty girl
that dirty mirror huh who's that pretty
girl oh yeah mm-hmm I'm gonna stay here
while mommy runs the bath all right
good girl you stay there and ruin your
bath
okay let's run the bath for immediate
mr. bear
your hair yeah you look so pretty it's
still a bit big but you know what you're
growing into it very very nicely huh you
know what's is you're just not very tall
make your mom and dad you're kinda short
like us but that's okay
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
