Oh hold it dad are you sure there isn't
somebody behind you
okay so we've just pick some outfits wow
that baby looks happy huh
if you could just get that hair that
will be brilliant you can also mine oh
is it oh one or something you'd be so
cute when you get I was get you a wig
then they got solids now that's so funny
because we am this one eye on his
friends she actually ever vlog at that
day but i'm she lives in qatar and when
we were over in her house she had the
heating on like like like a hundred
percent it was a stoked me because her
baby has adjusted to qatar temperature
and then she was back in ireland and the
baby was freezing but amelia couldn't
handle the guitar temperature could you
for Gia CD she was like kind of freaking
out but i think she was maybe it was
combination of being too hot and just
like lots of excitement so which one
would you want for dinner
what's wrong for dinner like sweet
potato dad doesn't like that one carrots
I think I'm gonna wait but she meets all
of these requirements yeah wait and you
see do you notice that last night she
was like staring at me eating most
babies in the UK begin weaning before
between four and six months every baby
is different in size that your baby
could be ready to start solids are she
is no longer sought satisfied by a full
middle heat she's demanding increasingly
frequent meat milk feeds she may start
to wake in the night to feed after a
period of sleeping through she's always
kind of like that maybe done she's
interested in watching others eat she is
she's able to support her head and neck
while one in the sitting position like
so oh she's trying to page it can turn
the page of this book you moving on to
the good stuff yeah maybe maybe she is
she's almost 5 months right like next
week no week after we got that she's 5
months
sorry we'll wait but I just think it's
interesting like she's almost are you
getting there yeah
once someone wants to take out what do
eyes when that contact another beautiful
day in this beautiful land of rained
wing and our our rain land as you call
it it's like a mixture between Iranian
or our our Iran and Ireland Iranian I
Rayland
you it's potato you know and it rains
like 90% of the time yet like nobody in
the country has proper rain gear nobody
ever carries an umbrella around with
them let's ever what come on oh yeah
he's not coming in think he knows but
isn't that right like leave me comment
if you're Irish and you won't win an
umbrella or rain gear because it never
happened you probably have an umbrella
don't you Little Miss organized know but
isn't it funny you know you know when
you see people like Brenda city where
like rain gear like proper rain gear
rain mats and umbrellas the tourists
they're tourists because the tourists
knows they're like I'm going to Ireland
it's going to rain there let's bring the
proper rain gear and everyone else
running around with newspaper over there
how do something who's like running from
like shop to shop the shop trying to
make your way home it's like we're just
the natives oh honey wait it's the Irish
way yeah Irish do a lot of things the
special kind of way we have our own way
of doing things the rest of world just
doesn't understand the Irish where
you're thinking it does it's why you
know us she's been getting really
fucking in the evening
I know she will put herself to sleep
because I know she's tired I can hear it
in her voice she's tired but I didn't
know she's just been really really fussy
in the evening time is usually fine
during the day well now she's obviously
not but I know she's got a person but I
don't know she's just been off the last
like two or three days in the evenings
and I don't know it's her schedule just
kind of messed up or something says she
hasn't been sleeping very well at night
either very complicated method of making
homemade soup from a packet the contents
to the water with a whisk twist to fight
the stuff to a nice whiskey you can add
whiskey at this point many people in
Ireland will encourage you to add
whiskey at this point the Irish rock
that in yes it in stir it in they're not
crap
I picked her up I picked up two but
there was another one stuck on the
bottom of it nuts you grab me to this
pattern bush don't tell him I think she
doesn't have internet Oh nuts don't look
we swapped out the water ones the
plastic ones because someone said that
that might actually
apparently it's not good for them to
drink the metal rolls
yeah and actually they don't like
drinking somehow no they avoided the
plastic ones so plastic in fact isn't
that one a little bit dirty yeah
somebody drank from that already they
just like that for you one for some
reason so apparently it like it's bad
for their tear ducts or something yeah
oh I just like today try it and see what
happens
thanks for that kiddo eel thanks no
problem buddy
even though we have a dishwasher I
always tend to wash pots and pans and
stuff straight away after I'm cooking
because if you cook if you wash it
straight away after cooking on it it
seems like it's so easy the stuff just
Falls up and hot water but if you leave
it for a while I know we have a
dishwasher and all but if you leave it
for a while it's so much harder you know
that's my rule thank you thank you I
always like the cleaner even before I
eat my dinner I always like that the
whole place clean because then you have
a sense of I don't know I don't know I
don't know why I do that
it's a pretty cup what's up buttercup
wait up buttercup what's up buttercup
wake up I think I think we're ready to
get you dressed cuz we need to go out
okay good to go grocery shopping it's so
otherwise we will starve to death well
you'll be fine hi Amelia she's laughing
as well are you sure there isn't
somebody behind you
Jonathan you're gonna give her like
shaken baby syndrome is like okay into
your little car seat and now get you a
hat a hat see new new new new look at
the dogs do to my couch they always do
this there's beautiful it's such a dull
day dull day my name is Derek Derek told
a new me
in the shop and done well we gotta get a
mop bucket because the mob thing doesn't
work as effective and then I've been
using the sink himself and I just does
not work out as well as
just let's go ahead and look
a
a couple of people like the same plan as
us today Dakota man pointer in this time
I don't know why because it's half five
everyone should be at home getting ready
to watch the vlog all right what are all
these people doing here don't they don't
they realize yeah probably probably
already there is a cinema time on there
or something you know not happen
sometimes
all right that's even a guy directing
traffic that's you know it's serious
amounts oh look there youtubers yeah hey
like look there's the little piece like
as if like there was a bucket oh what's
out there
well that's for painters underneath it
like a house but na na what's my name
Oh none oh it's my name ah nuts it's
fast asleep just after the whole ordeal
it's kind of putting like that isn't it
because you know sometimes at nighttime
media gets fussy and she's crying and
all they're like oh she just go asleep
in the nicest possible way obviously and
then she goes to Steve now I'm like are
you okay I wish you awake right now you
know it's like oh she was asleep when I
just leave I wish she was awake you know
hey are you okay good it's like it's a
constant struggle
I am very Pro the offer 150-dollar it's
mental for all right there you go
spinach
only PMS ever made them package them and
left them here for us
got some nice and Emma huh wandering for
289 you don't have to get the two of
them Darren says team four five do you
actually think to you how are you forced
you don't have to get the tune this is a
monkey like no you're not allowed by one
you have to bite a tune for 250 that the
rules well if you want neither of them I
read chili
oh yeah yeah yeah very chilly Oh Center
tomorrow Jay Sunday tomorrow you get
fiery pepper
tomorrow go pick something quickly
that was me someone's trout my plan is
if I just stand here long enough looking
at everything and somehow I will I will
consume them all
look at these cookies look big and
chunky look at the chunks of chocolate
that have fallen out here can I have the
little bits that you're not eating
please Sharky chunky chocolate
what's the chunky thing why is
everything oh my god
red FM car I'm listening to red FM and
there's red FM let's catch up with them
I wonder if we drove really close to
them
did I like play imaginary listen to it
if radio station oh my god Oh kitty cats
kitty cats nice my Giroux ice my drool
thanks my dear Oh Oh kisses for everyone
Miffy hi Miffy you didn't even call me
give me yesterday waters and foods you
see you put all your food in your water
nice moves um Proactive mature and
senior I believe that is you sir oh yeah
what was that what was that you want to
see that again yeah you go see Goods my
guru all right you want this yeah let me
just pop that in there for you
I'll get more hold on hmm yeah are you
doing how's your day bean
you miss your mommy I can't help it I
got I just need another one I need to
know I can't remember from yesterday
remember just one just just one of these
oh my god i'm annhe me spray that one
more I got oh yeah
putting it away oh my goodness
we are going to have ourselves green Oh
God we're gonna have some green Jack
curry oh yeah dad that's line here and
that's all the pepper we got this is the
chicken show called the queue I never
heard it before we have to do like
challenges when in the cubes
batteries also died ah a major
malfunction do you have a major
malfunction do you have a major
malfunction this is my question to you
it's a very simple question you must or
I will feed you sit at all our features
in the dog tell me to feed you to the
doggies Joey to feed you to the doggies
cuz they'll eat you up like a caramel
cook and they'll go oh that's it Lu
that's what they'll do okay I'm gonna go
then bye bye oh hey come back come back
come back for you
hey come back for you yeah did you miss
me did you miss me be honest tell me hey
I missed you dad I miss your dad
I'll take that as a yes
oh hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
