after the post has arrived
Oh
the killer sittin up Sookie welcome to
go ahead you boy huh you want to go
ahead side you want to go Phoebe's that
died
22:50 side side yeah let's get you
dressed young lady how did you imagine
we didn't have a peel box and then all
the light peel box stuff that's in it as
I always just rip everything up all the
time and let's make a lot of them
plunder wise now I am my bra bottom bill
is in there but ash that's all I see the
process off direct a bit but it looks
like it's just ads and stuff doesn't it
tender looks like Tippi anyway we should
get a post no bills them thing put on or
when I get over those little caged
things that you can put on your
letterbox to stop your dog from eating
your stuff think you can get something
like that or maybe what's your dream I
know but uh yeah cuz almost nice to do
you're locked in there but yeah
sometimes in the morning I'll drop out
being seen it down you know we're like 6
or 7 and when they get all like empty
and then I kind of leave it open cuz I'd
be nice to go into an office and kind of
sit on my couch and then that's how this
happens such a mess 20 oh you're a good
boy you're the boy ooh
look at there it's horrible there's a
lake one you want to go outside - you
wanna go back out there whoa
welcome to Ireland home of the rain oh
ah
he's like rocking it always in this room
Oh
I'll be in this week Oh
alvey's in this week you just kind of
rock in it do your swing oh my god Tina
that was pretty bold I see a Yankee they
do that sometimes scary they always seem
to miss hello they do I see divisions
gear up to our game plan guys that's not
quite for today I was gonna die
bullying bullying him here in the van
stop it how we gonna really make you
king of the castle
king of the castle this is our I love
you King in a cat and you pushed him off
this is why you don't rob our house stop
bullying Fei Long rescue him rescue Han
rescue me when you're in
Cena Cena what's up
don't you dare don't your bark is like
Satan it's like Satan and God
I see everyone wants to go out okay here
we go
it's gonna happen can't change your mind
can't change your mind can't change your
mind can't change your mind can't change
your mind sorry I love you come on you
ready ready you have to go outside okay
I love you no movies sorry oh I am going
to eat so much
styrofoam hex hmm mm-hmm
I am having a Styrofoam party real sense
of sleep here box and has styrofoam
mania I eat it it's my life now use me
hey baby
having true vision such a love all oh
yeah we keep we think we've broken in
media I mean we're broken out we think
she's confused with night and day and I
write about this because do you think
this is nighttime and nighttime is
daytime last night that's two or three
days in a row now Oh what do you have
the knife his daily uh-hmm
she does though she has I'm not saying
that my eyes are selling anything but
I'm saying hers art because she's got
these big brown eyes you a brown eyed
girl dude
hey where did you go there's where the
rain came the rain came today huh the
rain came today
hey where did you go this is when the
rain came where did you go
look at you twins that's what we're
saying you know when you guys go to like
cocktail lounges and you be like are you
guys sisters you like no we're mom and
daughter right oh my god I love you sure
where I am in this situation hey kid
boom mm-hmm see being gay is such a
little humper huh
you're such a little hopper she just
goes around humping everyone and
everything huh I don't think he get the
concept Bianca oh good she does that is
that's tio underneath there that's been
God um sure she and then she tries to
home Alvey sometimes she does she does
she realizes quickly huh you enjoying a
little munchies she always gets weird if
I ever like give it when she's
breastfeeding and she kinda like gives
me the evil eye like what are you doing
here
what are you doing here look at the moon
oh it sounds effective crap it looks a
lot better
we're off on a midnight adventure
Maynard the jewel we swim in on the
midnight venture a long time but it's
midnight over on the venture can see
Amelia hello hey hey hey
hey hey did you miss me did you miss me
you look so cute you know that Lindsey I
loved a little bit hmm okay let's get
hey we're in almost house but almost not
here
we're always house but oh it's not here
and you know what we do want Alma's not
here loot your fridge and see if there's
any good food hmm well hello Nicholas
hey Nicholas hi smudgy hmm huh it's much
room hey don't run away I'm the man with
the num-nums
I'm the man with the num-nums
yeah he wants a num-nums come on let's
get you guys some num nums mmm yum that
cat okapi
where's yam scooter we don't have a
scooter you broski choryo red smudgy
smudge around my Giroux mm-hmm
wait you're so cute oh my god my world
has changed these things here cappuccino
flavored Becky's from Holland presents
rich taste oh my god
these are the most amazing things I've
ever tasted in my entire a life
incredible dwelling media mmm oh my
goodness
hmm oh my goodness bingo was his name yo
yeah yeah be ing you be happy to me Oh
bingo was his name you what's his name
yo hmm who then hmm
mmm one hand I'm gonna hang on Brandon
now I see it
hey thought I saw your little hand knees
high side
look put your hand up yeah new in this
send in the clowns gonna fetch the toy
guys he's got it he's got it he's got it
he's got it
you gotta fetch fetch toy fetch the toy
who's got it he's got it he's got it
Cena simi's Cena fetch fetch Cena fetch
fetch Cena did you put it safely
away she did all right
go fetch toy first time hatch oh oh crap
- even that where is it we have a plan
I'm gonna place this all right yeah
gonna match it
yay guys guys I haven't thrown yet here
we go oh crap get fetch it fetch it
let's go let's go
hi Amelia oh don't you ruin my life
don't you ruin my life nobody's hmm
media I can't see you coz in a Sun in
your face hey guys you want to go peepee
that side huh yeah I think it finally
stopped raining and now it's pitch dark
Oh run one um yeah it finally stopped
raining but it's like pitch dark it's
like look it stopped raining huh go on
go on every one of yourself a party hey
you weigh like 70 pounds oh geez what
all right this is gonna take well what
you think Amelia should we let them oh
you can see us in the mirror in the
window huh did you let them in why do
you think what do you think
and look we got a new frame cuz it last
one broke it's not it's not funny at all
yeah we got this new frame as a wedding
present and I was like oh how convenient
so I I cut the picture to make a fit it
actually is nice though and it fits
really well it was worried a wooden
because the last moves are square look
at the puppies toy box yeah it's so
funny
okay let's wet them in and I figured out
how to use our weather station because
here we go
you can pony kind of towel so it's like
16 degrees inside and six outside whoa
so basically I did not know I didn't
realize that you have to put the the
sensor thing outside it was like sitting
here inside my mother-in-law was like
when he's good
it's supposed to be a toy it's like what
oh that's why the ads light temperature
is the same as the inside one all the
time
what's wondering wait there we go has a
light and everything and you can use it
as an alarm clock I think in a radio or
something I'm not actually sure sorry
but um it's actually probably a bit
warmer in here than it says there
because this is proto one of the coldest
places in the house I should pretty move
it but I just thought that was kind of
cool and it look it says dark clouds and
rain oh yeah Friday night and I like the
way you move pretty baby
it's party time and I like the way you
prove what the hell is that
who knows it's like everyone party mix
whoo hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
