oh thanks America scared you like for
Lily just said you can laugh is how you
get ready for mad
are you the cutest bear in the world are
you so q are you cute little pink bear
what if you know are you in a fighting
again you have fighting again she's just
a street fighter take picture for my
Instagram oh yeah okay
ah you're so cute the window
and it was you
I know what it is it's like ever since
Amelia has come I've just been like so
tired every day and it's not like you
know she keeps us up all night while
she's crying and stuff you have like
broken sleep because it's like I don't
know I can almost you know your
imagination is so strong and you can
have like the most ridiculous
imaginative thoughts that are so
detailed in every single way and the air
so convincing and I can almost so many
times I've seen Ana like maybe it's
because I because of what happened with
Minnie or that time to remember where
she's crying and we couldn't wait grow
up and stuff you know I've actually seen
you have like that kind of like panic in
your faces on my eye you know and I just
think Ramon you that morning we woke up
and Minnie died you know and you were
just there like you know I don't know
because I've experienced that I can put
I can take me away on a component media
in her place and I can experience you
telling me that it really is like that
or something you know and amount of
times like I've woken me lighting me in
the state be just like project her every
now and again I walk past her thing I
know she's asleep but I'm happy that
she's asleep but I'm I just need to go
by in like fiddle with her you know just
to make sure you know and maybe that's
where it is maybe that's why I'm just so
tired all the time because my brain is
just like constantly consumed but
worried and consumed with like thinking
about her and you never like to sort of
do nothing I don't know if you have if
you're a parent um tell me that it's the
exact same otherwise I'm just I'm fading
away or something like that there's
nothing wrong with me
how do I feel I feel like there's
something wrong with me because I'm just
like I just woke up well okay I didn't
just wake up Olga few hours ago got the
vlogs and stuff and now I'm just like
can I just go to bed now you know just
like tired all the time people come over
like for the last two days and I'm like
oh my god it's been like a hectic week
it has been interesting like so much
came over - yeah sisters and self came
over dude yeah that's I am just like
that's it I need a week off I need to go
on holidays like that was just too much
like and yet like back in the day you
know I've had I like the jobs where I'm
working like 60 hours a week and some of
that and I felt like I had more energy
or I wasn't as tired
cool we got something from Canada I got
my wing mirror got oh yeah Joey got his
wing mirror as well and we got something
from Italy so I think I'm going to do
the peel box presents video again on my
channel today because I didn't do it
last week because I felt like um it
would have been like a super short video
so I wanted I wanted to get like you
know tens really mean what I wanted to
get like two weeks worth of stuff to
actually do a video because otherwise
that wouldn't have been a point but I'm
going to include everything that we got
last week is up all right we took this
little paid off hmm
so this part is to go on here ah I think
I have to disconnect that part and plug
it into this part here and these
connectors hmm let's be glad to go oops
alright so we have the new piece on here
I'll plugged in that's like because
they're heated in there my oh crap it
just came this right then I think this
clips in here and then that should be
Bob's my uncle
awesome I have a mirror once more nice
one nice one mate nicely mate or just
even come from doesn't actually say the
Porsche people thanks Porsche people
thanks Royal Mail for delivering it
right I am putting my chicken in my wrap
and then I'm going to toast it with some
mozzarella see my technique is to put
the chili on first baste it with the
chili add the chicken put a bit of this
stuff on bitter that stuff put it me
tom-toms want a copy oh yes oh yes
please look at this huh you jelly no
yeah you are
look at that thing huh woo that's what
I'm talking about
woo and its locale because I said so oh
no it's not enough time but we need to
change you I think I thought it was ok
but get me done yeah are you excited you
just wait there
her mommy okay whoops she's not gonna be
a mom I'm just gonna get some clothes
out of the dryer amelia was so good we
just filmed my presents from the peel
box video right yeah and she's just
surrounded by cupcakes mm-hmm
and she was so good he was so like easy
you know she just sat there and
entertain herself while I filmed I was
just doing my Apple yeah she was so
interested because she's getting way
more interested in what you're eating
yet she's just like licking it you know
I'm not giving her a actual pieces
uh-huh feels good for you dough well
this will probably be one of her first
foods hi watch your face right where's
dad it's sweet though it's nice you
already can't wait to try you know a
grapefruit or lemon or something you
know you say kids and they try lemon or
grapefruit you excited for that boy oh I
stick it in there
oh she's licking it what is that
Wow Zena have you ever had that people
actually say hey hon could I'll trade
him Allie you don't want it you don't
like fruits and vegetables yeah and now
give it back to Amelia
glad you're in my life you're ruining it
all hello hi Amelia hello Thomasina
hello watch heavy phone yeah hey mom hey
friend hi friend
hi friend hi friend
hi baby from the other side other baby
doesn't matter beefy man yeah and she
gives a beautified whoa I almost forgot
what was like to have a mirror it's kind
of fancy I can see I can see in the side
I can see behind me it's so amazing
everybody's you got mirrors undecided
aircar terrain II won tonight glutes and
I've been sent out I've been sent out
for the stick that that is always
excuses like well if I can we have to
bring Amelia out which is like loads of
work so it's like why Ayanna you moms
and their excuses a that is the best
billboard advert I have ever seen
oh my god I want to buy it I want to buy
it I need it besides shake things up
guys you're not gonna believe where I am
oh you'll never guess it you'll never
have guessed it you'll never have
guessed it I'm in tesco TS q TS go go
Tesco go go go go that's about all nuts
give us a good spouse yet it must be a
good one here
Garcia trainers he wants advice about
was raining when you read their hair now
I'm supposed to be spring or something
fun free bottles of water
like signing my life is she like oh the
multigrain or I got the caramel you know
what these are actually not I actually
like these actually really really good
you know surprisingly for I am for rice
cakes you know or I want to snap my nose
at them but now I'm thinking my god
isn't this the coffee machine everyone's
always putting on arlash 15 bars
what does I ever mean are they really
good are they probably concern about
diesel so look at this one here it looks
like it takes a big cup I think like the
capsule things what I think a new brand
capsules you know it's like releasing
the comp you can get that anywhere but
the capsules you can only get them at
like a capsule place that's the reason
I'm hesitating on
like you get six free now I don't know
laconic all the flavors lemon no be fun
what do you buy them online below it's
kind of funny I have so many Apple
devices yeah I cannot seem to find any
Apple white headphones asking annoying
me in the gym because I've been just
listening to the music they're playing
like I finally figured out the transfer
our needs to the iPhone but now I'm like
I need headphones for well they're quite
hand they look but like attached to your
ear 25 euros doll really prepare 64
euros to get like a free iPhone with
that or something Oh soon as the mania
is not here take advantage drop my stuff
in there it's Amelia whoo nice mirror
that's on your joke now switching Joe
feed yoke cool my weird tie if you
didn't see my weird tag you can find on
Facebook or go to my Jonathan Julie
channel Chevis a promotion Seamus a
promotion good gonna link click on the
link gonna links Java juggs on the links
is taking a little bit longer than
expected because it's hard you know I'm
I want to get it right you know so uh
bit of tweaking then I gotta film it and
then uh but in the meantime I'm gonna
start putting up fun man so did we want
to know 15 weird things about Joe fee
jokes watch that video every day I cook
the dinner top top top the chicken every
day I cook dinner take get the sauce the
fajita sauce and put it on the counter
smells famous show in Ireland there's
the best show in Ireland ever created
that in love/hate fodder head in love
hate its
there's the gang
how were you seeing it though he is oh
geez
oh ho I was a quick turnaround give me
your watching I like when she gets like
you wanna play you wanna play the old
days that was before you came around
that woke a okay we're in like I'm
cutting a room you're gonna wake the
puppies up guys let the water
here's the water this is the water this
isn't the waterproof camera so be ready
Oh No huh you like that that's how I
know you're gonna be a swimmer cuz you
don't mind you oh you're so cute
Melia she used to love me you still love
me oh I love you even though you don't
love me in years to come you look back
on these videos and your thing God why
did you do that to me because I love you
mmm that's why I talk to you my outfit
of the day I'm wearing this really sexy
number right here Christmas time PJs
yeah I have to be sober before I look
like an old granny or something but I
like these PJ's got a little Westie on
very Christmasy I don't know how much
longer I can get away with this because
it is January and but you know it's
still technically it's winter so anyways
see what's going on in here
that's disgusting
hello hey welcome the droppings of how
to watch amazing thing as a baby you
look at the head
Omega the baby you live in the head oh
thank you very good scared you think
familiar just said good girl
that's is how you get ready for that hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
