but I guess now that say you ready this
is for moo-cow you think about your face
I had a dream last night a better cross
on it is amazing he's filled chakra and
at that like you got a powdery sugar
stuff on it no I think yes there is just
like I know what it is it's like
everything is going kind of fine and I'm
just like you know getting on with my
business and kind of rationing that
stuff and doing really well watching
over me like I didn't I didn't do
anything stupid
and then that with that o day I was like
in a mess like going like oh my god like
I just I needed to eat everything you
know that kind of way like I just needed
it the brain was just like fantasizing
about eating food like I'm like oh my
god the hell's wrong with me like does I
remember in university like crazy like
smoke and stuff without like and then
when I finished that you know I just I
don't want to stop doing that and it was
it but I I viewed that it was like a
habit you know when I was like just stop
as a habit instead of the diets of
eating sweets and stuff I didn't view it
as a habit I view it as a luxury of you
is something I wanted to do but I need
to get into your mindset if it's not
something you wanted to do it's actually
a habit you don't want to do it but you
feel the need to do it I can't enjoy a
movie unless I eat load the sweets I
can't enjoy watching TV unless I eat
loads of sweets and your brain is my
brain is program and think that way and
I just need to you know
reeducate my brain into their
understanding that you can do things
without doing things you know I mean I
just think you know it's it's a process
but I feel like I'm reaching that kind
of I thought wall now where it's like I
can either like look at the wall and go
oh my god that wall are so high
forget it just grab a package Doritos
ahead of my catch you know or I could
just start take out my little chisel
just
working on that second wall and I'm
gonna be at I'm gonna be chiseling that
wall for quite a long time you know but
I really feel like what time you decided
that wall would definitely be worth it
hi there little precious angel I heard
it was righteous
oh you will see a pink zebra see that my
boob like give us a boob give us a boob
um that's the best I can
oh geez oh geez okay you gonna cry you
can cry are ya oh I can see you oh
goodness me
oh nothing oh goodness me
there's a couple of points there I
thought you were gonna do it huh you
stretched your arm
and you your legs were on the go and say
another a few days you're gonna be
zipping around this place huh I was
watching her she her legs were gone
mental
yeah I like to check the court I don't
know if you guys actually saw her look
she gets there the body goes up the
hands go out some cross all cross all
he'll cross on wait oh she got so
excited when I put down her play mat she
was so excited she was so excited yeah
yeah you love your toys don't you you do
crusty rolls did you make these rolls
yourself
yeah yeah I tell you what kidding me
dicing potatoes oh I didn't hear any
cook them and everything and you put a
price tag you never done them rich she
catches that stuff here farm you're a
baby and he made a boy pay for
Mississippi
oh this Bosco she doesn't know bicycle
likes Peppa Pig yeah but if you were
younger
it'd be like she as she chose nube that
one there that's her dog well actually
do dog chose her right yeah yeah I gonna
smile
you're gonna make you smile yeah you are
Anisa that I'm missing your curtains Oh
like the way we are okay so yeah now
we're halfway there so what's this pink
one here now oh and that's right yeah I
forgot well I think you have another
month no but they're probably being a
better one time you have two days right
alright something to think about
they're always looking for a child who
is present the practice son know who's
present who
and do the midnight vigil at Easter some
Easter Holy Saturday night all right
they go you go in
I think the vigil starts around 9:00 is
they don't want a crying baby yeah they
need a child not to be and you know they
only do one child that is that's kind of
special oh it's very special if you
apply to your church we have two parts
of church for the christening but you
could say you would like it then yeah
maybe we can do that it's a Saturday
night no it means if you want to have a
rip-roaring party it's an ethnic yeah we
can all do anyway let's go here we show
them the show are very happy really
landscaping hmm don't be such a prude I
wanna go on a date do you want to go on
a date yeah what is this homemade stuff
what an avocado
oh they'll love that the doggies are
like that would be perfect no it's not
quite chicken yeah mr. chicken lady
yeah
having entry birthday so breathe we say
breathe first then growing you than me
is it oh no no media is before you
finally got flowers Oh today's look at
this it's got cabbage in the mail a
kebab so nice leg enough oh yeah
no sorry did you actually put because
we're big people we get bacon like
parents to buy carrots right you candle
that's the song
okay yeah you ready ready
this is from a moo cow mmm-hmm what do
you think about your face look at the
keep
okay just spitting everywhere hey just
force-feeding her oh what's that I don't
think she even caught any of it I think
she doesn't even like register there's
anything oh there she got her tongue oh
yeah what do you think what do you think
do you like that do you like that
no reaction nothing well I scream maybe
my milk tastes like ice cream oh yeah
you know it's really cold
Shampoo maybe somehow it's absorbed in
better nose always the hand look all
sleepy time akarma we do sleepy daily
grandma
which it daddy always wants to play
that's what that's a for yeah there's no
such thing as quiet time you don't need
to take this we'll take care of this I
think I will I'll find somewhere to put
it we're like do you want it yeah did
you have to ice cream today are you
screaming for ice cream but no reaction
I just just never saw my mom things that
she loves me as much as I love Amelia
baby boy no I'm talking about you
Jennifer come on everyone
yeah yeah drop the lead the drop is that
an actual dog hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
