what happened what
oh my god it happened happened let's
note haha guys excited she's excited all
I have to do is make a thousand videos
would I allow this been snowing for like
it's not that it's not that for hold on
you got away from I was the only one who
DevOps no quit a kazoo oh my god like or
what the hell oh thank you so yellow
just happen to her last time as well oh
my god looking like what the hell you
have to do their work is white anyone
they don't have a good one
now look up a traitor's oh yeah I keep
on coming baby well we were you know
yellow I was like whatever I think this
loads does oh my god so much fun
that's so awesome
No for I didn't fit that crap it didn't
fit so pretty isn't it snow makes
everything so much more pretty isn't it
let it snow let it snow let it snow now
we have we're going to do Amelia's
developmental exam today so as soon as
we get back from that snow like you've
never snowed before I want I want
Siberian Russian snow that's what I want
are we buried in the snow okay here guys
I can hear some kind of destruction
going on downstairs so I'm so scared to
come down and see what the puppies are
doing what are you eating guys am I
gonna have to kill somebody who is it
first of all okay dan√ßa like look at
this they just pull their toys out from
everywhere I mean I I know I realize it
looks clean from here it's actually not
it's actually filthy it needs to be
vacuumed um kind of a good thing though
right it's cleaner than it actually is
Oh God oh no it's just super quiet oops
oh I am pooped in the shower
go asleep oh my god it burned my foot
too
this is so not happening what it's like
11 o'clock and we have to bring her
somewhere for 10 plus 12
Oh life is over how am I gonna clean
this up this is like never happened here
before and I kind of saw happening I was
like oh this is bad
oh no I'm gonna clean this all up all we
did it we did it
another good workout day oh I felt the
burn today folks
oh it's kind of hard like there's no
coffee's just I just had a bit of water
in lemon in the morning cleanse out the
old bar eight straight down to the gym
get my ass kicked
nice warm shower and then back home to
the family
oh my god
I want every single one of you people
with long dry horse hair like me to go
out and purchase on Z 3 minute miracle
do it okay
because I used it on my hair feel my
hair Wow anyways cuz you know I mean all
jokes aside George's aside what Romain
is amazing
whoa whoa game-changer
so we're going to Amelia's developmental
exam to check out to see if she's
hitting her milestones well it's not
that ready
it's not that extreme but it's what I
remember sorry the government like it's
not done by your doctor I know this is
it they order all the ladies to do is
check
where Eric has one I know where you're
going
really yeah I remember Eric's a man
clariah I must have gone with Erika
because I was like I was 10 so yeah
obviously I would remember but yeah I
know exactly where you're going okay see
this seems very complicated I don't know
if I even understand how I'm supposed to
do if you I should do a divine a mental
check Hey remember everything we taught
you okay two and two is four
not pointy to pretend like that didn't
give you this cold yeah that's a seat
I'll take you yeah so if they ask you
have you feeling I feel perfectly fine
I've I've no cold if no collar no coffee
there's no bells don't tell anybody
and you don't watch my baby and you're
never in your swing Hey and you read
books she does repos that's actually
true oh is a Kiki don't tell them that
we read the same book over and over
kidding what does he do we were really
happy with everything the nurses were
really nice and they actually gave me
some information on baby weaning and
stuff like that um and they were really
impressed that I had that she I
breastfed like the whole time and they
were like did you supplement any formal
I was like no and then the one of the
nurses was like you should be teaching
the breastfeeding class there or it's
not like a breastfeeding that's like a
breastfeeding support group thing she
was like you should be heading nuts like
hey thank you yeah she's in like the
91st percentile or so I wasn't really
sure about the percentage thingies but
she's even an advanced superhuman and
you should be so happy that you spend
moments of your day hitting her because
this is the future option we have made
the first human 2.0 they were very happy
with everything they said that she was
petite it was yeah that she was she's
probably gonna be picky I asked him I
was like what age they start crawling by
and they said that she looks like she's
gonna
she did kind of move when they put her
up you're like oh my god and me I was
like sit ups everything like yeah and
they were like oh my god that's amazing
so it's so well so show them why you're
full I had two accidents this morning
one was it coffee mm-hmm mm-hmm get him
prepare yourselves oh my god that's
cotton wool that's why it looks like
yeah you're not it seems like you're a
doll
oh just ripped you where's your dog
where's your doggy are you dougie yeah
it's this one that you're that yeah did
you say yeah she does something she says
yeah something she says yes today will
be a good day for your first word go for
it
come on account what I want to call I
can't wait - one of these days you're
gonna get a blog and it's gonna be
called baby's first words huh just wait
for that
he's always we're all waiting on you Rob
waiting on you we're all waiting on you
say something say something whispering
let's roll dee what do you do he knows
Amelia's dog yeah without you youngest
dog owner God God give us something good
does it it was the superhuman ah come on
we got six months to wait this is the
entertainment business Amelia all right
there's not none of this wailing nearly
six months nobody has six months
although the ground was like in the am
assessing she was like village folks
like oh she's nineteen also she's like
five months century I was like you so
five months no we got a slapper how dare
you every single one of these apples
that we bought a broker earned money
I've been bruised and broken what what
haha right right right
what the hell right we are having
chicken burgers and sweet peppers and
spinach some spinach rocket watercress
spinach and rocket watercress and
spinach wow that's a lot
it sounded like a lot I'm sweet chilli
sauce yeah
oh my gosh oh my God look at all our
friends no that's disgusting
no come on he said once told me Mina's
Jen I got it I got it
uh-huh I got it we have a chi way for
way oh yeah oh you got tired what that
was nothing to do at me that was a cross
or whatever the hell it is
oh no what nothing can't even see it you
can't even see it last yet yeah oh sure
okay we need to look perfect together
but render the thing I waiting to talk
my prize by the way remember I bought
the Philadelphia yummy and a nice tomato
Eve sauce oh crap
I have any bloody sauce left on I think
if I if I just like this look
okay grams those handy okay
now I've got the sauce got to
Philadelphia got the men's and the pasta
let's get to cooking
okay good looking good
oh yeah oh yeah see nice hey that is
looking spanned ambulance now my secret
recipe
Philadelphia garlic I'm telling you
garlic if you add a spoonful of this in
here changes the dynamics of your life
Jack that in there right
jacket jacket don't be afraid I'll be
afraid of it good and the pot and slowly
as it melts just let it join it just let
it join the party come on come on join
the party oh ho ho join the party and
that is what we have as Pagano simmer
simmer summer for I don't know a little
while well the old pasta is there or
dead defying itself and I'm gonna mix
them together now mix this in here hey
no fighting huh there's a quart girl on
the voice alright stir it in
best to do is probably over to eat oh
yeah
now let's leave that to set for a little
while
sort of mature another broken pork so I
did appreciate the snow that I was woken
up to this morning
hi guys hmm it's frosty out there it's
not snowy okay so I look at the moon dr.
moon no then loading her that's look
oops sorry I just like to get a good
night vision I just wanted to say good
night thank you very much for puttin me
food all right everyone else very happy
about that
no hit all welcome to the show we're
saying goodnight no just me dad don't
mind me dad
just put into four wouldn't amigos okay
okay yeah I'm kind of here yeah let's
make a nice here no deca be me pace
thank you oh you're going away I'm just
taking in for tonight no oh oh keep it's
me babies move there you go
Thanks there you go no new visa sign
your arches no fee sets me back we may
lose money work out where's me full-time
excuse me auntie I want to make that
entry let's be back entry oh god oh god
I'm gonna piss myself and that tell you
FINA dog
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
