good girl oh I know other one good girl
you guys so um its morning time it's
actually pretty early and I just got
dressed and I'm just filming my like
baby routine or like I don't know
morning routine I don't know what I'm
gonna call our routine video again we
trying our routines right yeah I'm too
jealous and I kind of have a fight
because he it's a Sunday and I'm trying
to make this like an everyday routine so
it's going up on a Monday so technically
it should be like you know everyone else
is Monday Monday morning and one day you
didn't kind of thing but um it's not
it's Sunday so he was like relaxing in
bed and so I was like you can't be in my
video cuz usually this would happen like
he would be gone already and he would be
you know dance chair is making coffee
making the video editing the video
whatever well because it's the Sunday he
was like oh it's I could be lazy and he
was doing that and I got really annoyed
I am closed like get out a pen I thought
I was doing this video like you're
ruining it cuz everyone's gonna be like
who's that crazy slob and then he was
like I found this love it's a Sunday so
I feel kind of bad now good so kind of
mean I basically just push them out of
the bed right I'm gonna try this stuff
at pasta they actually broadcast the
coffee to have in your custom ugh whoa
it's gonna happen when I podcast a
coffee in the custom mode this is day
1001 how many blogs if you know what
everybody he done
all right yeah now easy lazy really yeah
no 600 okay it's not like a thousand
than one okay so I mean I was feeling
really stuffy in her nose so I'm gonna
use some of this stuff
I was just called starey Mar its she
hates it but it's basically like SC is
it like a sea salt seawater micro
diffusion 100% natural she hates it but
I'm gonna spray some of this up her nose
just to remove some of that um hard
boogers in there isn't that right that's
gross but we're gonna do it anyways she
hates this so much I'm gonna show you
guys it's kind of cruel though to show
you oh cuz she really does not like this
okay you ready
good girl
oh I know other one good girl we're done
all done all done all done we're all
done that wasn't too bad
what an egg no dark junk Oh No yeah do
so I gotta leave we were there pretty
much all day but as you know yesterday
was our thousand upload so I wanted an
something special for the video which
means that I have to go back and find
all those clips they're at or hidden
away inside I was going to just download
them off at YouTube but then it take
time to download the Maus it's like oh I
have them all on our huge terabyte
storage server thing but there's over a
thousand videos there to go through so
I'm there all consol just knit I just
named them every day like a number so
it's just number one easy the first part
but then there's the proposal I've no
anyone number it is absolutely no clue
so I gotta go find all them so I had to
leave the dinner party understand there
with Amelia probably having tiramisu
right now okay we shold
well that's the kind of quit my help you
guys because I love you it is now half
three I've left the for as long as I can
but I'm like oh my gosh half three the
show I like it hasn't even render just a
normal episode today hasn't even done
yet so ah holy crap the clock is tickin
 sticking your feels licking what
are you looking I don't know that's what
yeah that's what you want when you come
home to be greeted by
oh just a couple of files and that's
only as far as two hundred and something
like you know idea I have like look day
one tap top this thing goes on for a
thousand days I could scroll hit that
for like an hour or something it is a
men
oh I think O'Connor father so I've got
all the files a opening premier premiere
day 1000 please oh mama oh my my
alright can laptop here the uploading
from my house was two minutes behind
schedule and then I go to a better
Internet's place somewhere with superior
creature power alright alright that's
enough Anna Manni tiny badi badi badi
badi tiny this is type of today when I
went to eat all the sweets another way
but I do not do I let me show you how
exciting my life has become Oh YUM
actually they're quite good but I rice
cakes rice cake party drink no party
like a rice cake
oh yes Special K Redbury
oh yeah oh this double shift serious
haha yeah
yeah awesome bites lady Sun Yong Yong
real 18 alone whatever become calm right
I didn't think I was gonna happen back
quickly
oh goodness you guys and hasn't so the
street was like that yo this video
please I was like what is he like
here's it live like there we go right
guess tomorrow we're making a music
video Aldi
well is it weather permitting because I
have just like dance routine thing to
put in the middle of but I need I'm
going to be my own dance troupe so I
need them I need you in the garden so I
can comp myself a couple of times it's
gonna be cool it's gonna be cool I think
I'm I think I'm gonna call it dippy
dippy yeah don't give it away gotta go
collect my beautiful wife leave me
comment if you have a beautiful wife hey
did you know could you raise your daddy
look at his little muncher here jeez
please what Jesus watch is this weird
she's here okay I thought it was cheese
I wasn't going to hell is that I don't
know is that how do you start
what is dead rats are all rats us hello
Morgan Morgan from what's that show
Erica loves them what's that criminal
minds
I just gotta marry him along with
another list of people there's Morgan
coffee roasters excuse me
those are Morgan and Karpov visitors oh
I did not know that
I don't Morgan from core copywriters who
also is a part-time FBI criminal analyst
my spare time Oh what better building
yeah is Morgan the Builder - yeah
so no Morgan's leave me comment if your
name is Morgan oh thanks auntie Mary Ann
hey thank you we got to apparently
Amelia said hi today but I sneezed at
the same moment he Jax him uh me so I
did not hear it but I was told today and
I said hi so in this batch I love you oh
yeah
look I have added in the Pizza Pizza
Hawaii
700 left after the pizza whoa just last
night I was like we're sitting here
watching this movie which is hilarious
by the way um and I was like oh how many
those caramel thingies can I have you
know and I can only have like four or
five in them
and I was like duh because I had it for
lunch
hi overindulge at lunch time so I was
like I didn't feel any exercise so I
said I was like him
what if I just do a quick lap around the
block what if I walk for 40 minutes
that's about like - 300 calories almost
you know I mean boom and that's like
what about what about when I was walking
around Tesco doing the shop and put into
Charlie can I add in him he stabbed some
stuff did you get crazy like that
well yeah I've got a deficit of 706 all
remaining after it he's like I didn't
pizzas just to get think I'm like I
added in the pizza someone oh my god
I'm gonna do it my 700 so much
so much whoa we're ready for your
nighttime back oh oh well that looks
nice
oh hello who is that meteor look over
there look
ohyeah uh any cheesy hello
yeah who's that who's that who's that
who's that huh okay who's that
okay Betty it's daddy whitey - Eddie
daddy yeah daddy kissing with Eddie
kissing mmm and then we try take your
clothes off before we get into the bulb
at so that's freaking huge
huh because she's actually wearing like
six months clothes but this is six to
nine months it's a little bit big but
it's okay we don't have anything else
right now that's not on the wash so
we're gonna put you in some zebra mm-hmm
okay
time for bath time thankfully she washes
let's go go - marshmallow alert who's
the little marshmallow come on mrs.
marshmallow let's go to bed
Oh whoopsies whoopsies let's put your
hood up marshmallow girl
heyyo heyyo it looks so funny I'm gonna
do legs little footsies hmm funny bunny
okay let's get your moisturizer on and
your lotion put these things in the O go
in there for tomorrow okay Amelia
ah your favorite I mean it's not
actually things I thought it would be
the
PJ's are six to nine I mean it is kind
of ridiculous out the feet but you fill
it out quite nicely I have to say Oh
farewell I'll be the single night I'd
like to stay and have my first champagne
make me wait night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
