um amelia was asleep he'll die then
she's asleep she was asleep she still is
kind of trying to be asleep
why is that good morning people of the
world any morning - so am I decided to
actually a.m.
come to this half this gym that I
remember of now it's happening today
guys it's for real it's for real
any good parking spots oh my god one by
the door I'll take it I'll take it when
I even fit everything was against me I
swear to goodness I couldn't find my
swimming shorts so we don't swim in
thinning I couldn't find my headphones
gonna be no music today I couldn't
transfer any music ringing to my iphone
so for me no music today couldn't find
my water bottle today I was all like oh
my god it's jack this boy just gonna
find everything first and then started
to tomorrow I was like Joe right oh you
know it's the first day when I thought
well you can hear my voice I still have
a hint well what am I think I'm alright
bye Mike oh my god come on like this is
ridiculous like what the hell it's like
I don't even know dated is where's the
date part stereo 1882 January like gonna
start next year let's go let's go make
some history I have no idea why I'm
making history
I'm probably gonna do half the program
I'll let you know in a few minutes when
I get back but I'm in a few minutes I'm
just gonna have the program I'm gonna go
get my program I haven't even seen it
yet okay I don't even know what it's
like I'll show you guys as soon as I see
it and hopefully Jim's nice and empty
and I'll be able to so block it in there
if not you know you know how it goes
Amelia's playing on her play Matt say
good morning
say good morning stuffy nose yeah good
girl she slept pretty well last night
actually like she slept a lot because I
put some karvall Carville karvall I
don't know what it's called on this I
told you guys about yesterday I think on
her blankie near your chest okay so I
put some of the karvall stuff on her
blankie and um it really helped her to
sleep so she slept like I think it was I
think like eight till like maybe
midnight or like maybe a little bit
earlier than that yeah maybe eight to
midnight and then she woke up again and
then fed but then she went back to sleep
like straight away probably about one
and she pretty much like she was kind of
feeding her at the night as well but she
pretty much stayed asleep the entire
night so we got a pretty good night's
sleep actually I'm drinking some green
Teenz of my regular coffee that's
probably better
um and this is decaf as well um so all
the dogs are it's like getting well -
Cena and out meets upstairs puppies are
all getting destroyed outside I wouldn't
mind so much it's just that it never
stops like being wet here so they get
like destroyed I'm not trying that them
to come in though because otherwise
they're gonna be so money come on in
guys good let's go let's go
he's gone let's go let's go yeah so
half no joy at all I'm just like you
know try it out and he asked the place
of amazing oh my god
I'm saying every show you're on maybe
have some quiet days I'll show your end
of it oh my God look it's like I don't
know maybe girls get their own change
rooms
you guys tend not to what everyone gets
like a little cubicle area and a private
area like a hoss super nice anyway let
me just cut it all the juicy parts all
right you don't have to secure you get
this em this little device right and you
plug it in to all the machines and
they're like all the matters who knows
they input the whole program into this
like USB key or something like that and
then you just go around you put it in
and the computer's life what's up man
like hey it's like will you look at that
fatty my nothing oh you're just gonna
sit there
oh no I was just I was just getting
ready oh yeah okay neck press leg press
leg curl chest press arm extension
synchro this thing was a killer look
it's like he's the machine to decide for
like off for two minutes out for another
five another six I'm stubborn I'm ray
never never line of a five huh
no Chad number five those have enough
and we had throwing dumbbells dumbbells
and crunch a Russian twist let me tell
you guys never do a Russian twist take
your hand okay grab hold of your
abdominal muscles squeeze them turn them
bottom set them alight on fire stop them
you are almost nearly close to what the
hell are us and twist is oh my goodness
all right let's go home
I sleepy I'm gone
coming away forever I miss you mm-hmm Oh
Beulah
wait definitely time for an always she
washes when you can write your name in
it all right
it's not in the scene can never get
these things go into it straight away
there we go
number one please
who have a 3-4 minutes and we're done
I don't know why I just always seem to
use the manual carwash instead of using
the thing over there I don't know I just
always as a kid I always like a 901 you
know you use the manual car works car
washes or do you use the automatic one
let me know
hello pretty girl hello pretty girl oh
hey Bianca that was very bold you gave
her a fright get out of my life
get out of my life get out of my life I
made a vital error I left her
Clemont down here with the dogs while
she was having her nap
I left a teething toy granted it wasn't
one of her favorites but still I left it
inside the play mat and look what
happened
it's being destroyed but what the hell
kind of solution was in here like I
don't know what they make this with you
know see not no no no no come on I don't
know what kind of because it's just
water or is it something else because
like that could have been poisonous for
dogs it's a poisonous for anyway well I
guess it probably wouldn't be poisonous
cuz like if babies you know I mean I
know baby's teeth are and the sharpest
dog's teeth but you know if the baby
opened it with 13 then it would be so
bad if it were poisonous I'm guessing it
wasn't Bianca get out of there
turtle time
I'm having a tunnel time I'm in a tunnel
I've come to the end of that tunnel my
tunnel time is over look at that how
awesome is that look at a big blue sky
and in this mountain of cloud do you
think that is snow clouds because
there's been a lot of talk of clouds or
a cry of snow you know a lot of a lot of
rumors even the Guardi which is our
police in Ireland they issued a winter
warning like you know people you know
kind of like careful on the roads and
stuff
Matt Aaron issued some warnings as well
that sound like meteorology service here
on it so is this like and then those
people are tweeting me pictures of
snowing and like up towards northern
island usually gets to snow first and
then a bit of Dublin but is that a snow
cloud I hope that's a snow-clad mom
should never be singer ever I love you
this is a sleepy son it's not your toy
guys hi LV hungry people
this is the AMG pact oh yeah inside
everyone it's cool that isn't it so he
is nice and yeah stealing my stuff in
there usually but the high seating on my
stuff
blanket who's that student freaking out
cuz their foot on the talking cats on
YouTube you guys are so dumb she can't
oh my goodness let's do that again
this song is dangerous makes you drive
like a crazy person
ah look huh are you all ready if you got
your mittens your is so cute look at you
huh yeah we need to share the chair it's
cool to policy Cassie she got the car
seat okay she's that good for this no
you have to get a new one soon yeah oh I
thought this is going to stay forever or
something no anyway thank you better
right there she doesn't seem to be
complete like it we'll have to zip all
the way up when we're on the wall yeah
yeah not for the cards right need Oh
charming car journey we broke our house
broke our house how to do this again
yeah
so as you can tell it started raining
okay I don't know who we're gonna blame
in this situation not a lot you can see
it here right so you've got these guys
it's been so long since you've been on
this walk it's so pretty
beginner hey maybe huh Jimmy used to
always see people with strollers run
here we never had one
now we do how's that working that is she
actually pulling the no thanks that's
you can mind sakes yeah two at a time
six yeah I wish I had she had my phone I
left her to take an Instagram I'll be in
Sina are getting realest immed to
meeting other dogs I know I never meet
other dogs as me yeah let's go across
this bridge Amelia's gonna be punished
tides at can you see Amelia like it
Freddy can't see the water it's pretty
down to low oh goodness look how Marcia
is can't you see the puddles
we let them off Oh Splash Mountain
coming up quite yeah I found a little
dry spot here it's a lot deeper than you
think
are you sure designer well these are
actually waterproof not just for show
right that is really deep though we're
really pushing here look there
well I can push my luck to like here oh
yes suppose splash splish splash
scratchy scratchy scrunchies
um amelia was asleep
Oh time did she's asleep I thought you
went you were doing that would Xena
thought you and your what you're gonna
run with Xena she was asleep she still
is kind of trying to be asleep pretty
electric honours okay yeah see if we can
figure this one out
you've won the inside I'll walk you to
Marsh oh no no abandon ship
I'm heading in ship there's a horse is
Amelia
mm-hmm Justina getting up to the horse
huh can you see the high seas hello can
i watch the sound some horses make neigh
young you know
shifted yeah she sees him she's seen
horses loads and house
ah he doesn't if he does notice the
mister parking a holic he's yawning
mm-hmm you missed it you missed the
holding they seen it I'll be heavy
she doesn't care so much doe Alvey does
look at I'm draw questioning Tina go
outside leave Alby alone come here
obvious take your harness off come here
you felt bad when we got home so you
decided to bring these guys that as well
huh come on come on yeah well bring all
for them out it's DC first cuz they
actually just went and stood at the door
like they were like come on it's our
turn I was like not crap okay come on
these two little munchkins now oh no
they're gonna make me run oh goodness
full workout in the gym followed by a
big long leg walking again Cena followed
by double walk at the puppies what a day
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
