I'm in right now speeding wouldn't even
notice huh and this lazy's behind me
there's too windy feeding as well
ready finish but like everybody
everybody is speeding huh breast this is
like breastfeeding central
oh no my hair is not done and Joe has
just informed me that we have to go in
like ten minutes
I hate this I hate having long
high-maintenance hair even though I only
wash it twice a week I still when I do
wash it like if I don't straighten it
and blow-dry it after I wash it like
straight away it looks horrible for the
looks like this basically
oh and I've been using this I mean yes
balm because you got a nappy rash but
paste and it's actually really good it
works really well and it smells nice so
I'm supposed to be a meeting at 2:00 it
is now five to two and no it is not next
door it's all the way in the middle of
the city center do you guys got your
peepees let's go come on let's go guys
we used to be kind of like our tardiness
is a bit shameful for for laughter
Amelia oh my goodness
at least at least when you arrive there
you just like you're like oh the baby
they're like yeah we totally understand
is that good for excuses I'll give them
that
oh my god the art thing so late right
just to back throw down at the door and
what happens pill explosion it's now ten
past two and I have gone the wrong way
so I'm sitting out here on the keys
because oh no no you know you're already
paying attention
in a bum around bloody way oh my God
look oh my guys I wanted I wanted to get
this right this is like an historic
moment in Ireland a very sad a very sad
moment in our luck HMV
is closed no for me not so much HMV on
Patrick Street but hey champion Grafton
Street like I'm sure any you guys know
from Dublin like I was like that's where
you hang out if you meet your
girlfriend's your boyfriend's you're
made to something out like you know it's
like oh my god like H&V not being there
anymore it's like imagine like Easons or
Cleary's it's gone or something oh it's
such a horrible look at it look at the
sky you can't even see the sky it's just
a blanket of bluh bluh blah bluh blah
bluh
blood that he bestrode clothes was great
dad oh my god guys this person want to
name Francisca she wrote to us all in
German of which sounds like I just
opened it like oh god I don't know I
have to get my mom to my truck I go
break over it to shove it
hello ear leave Leoben
yeah yes pointer becomes ear post else
Deutschland fearsome poster of Jimmy my
my nama is - Francisca is happy
mere adapt is Schreiber high in fat
mouth which I thought that I would write
to in German does Mac is for boy
poit router a barber for make I'm fuckin
oh it's harder for you guys but it's
easier for me point in Dayton vlogs
psyched ear Emmert something does your
MIT der deutschen Broca's they're good
choir come to God idea what that means
this would be right speaking German in
the vlogs
it's like it nor outflow outflow older
Backa Backa who can know that was my
that was my grandmother my alma said
that it shower oil roblox nor site over
item yar take lick I think that means
she watched them every day for a year I
mean she watched yeah thank you should
be the night don't cry Amelia so we
didn't have the rain thing where so we
had to run in the rain we didn't get wet
though my hair's okay I know I will most
intern okay people
my hair is okay
is why
okay got it
Oh oh yeah bring we can bring all the
dogs there as well imagine how the dogs
ever trying to picture this is the most
boring ass day of my life I'll be honest
for the end what what skin tone do you
have Amelia she probably to get a skin
tone test you know it's about time you
wore a little concealer just to you know
we're a few blemishes here why is she
like that you like that'd me yeah yeah
look at your little hat get your little
hat and she just a little cutie huh you
look like a little pink bear like the
little things are you a pink bear are
you a pink bear yeah yeah yeah yeah bird
what's that one like are you supposed to
put it on your toes as well
is that who you know is it
I like it here because you can make your
bagels up us to do that whole like they
can tell you how many calories and
everything it's got a Hemi fuck in it
little pink bear yeah
yeah what's funny no bears eat honey
okay at UCB ego at stp a go look at
history windows blue screen did she get
Apple max Oh max shouldn't a hmm it's an
apple please don't think so there's an
apple
twirly around II thing that sometimes
goes on for an affinity I'm just like
waiting waiting but normally it sorted
sub F we got the bagel bar even though I
brought my custom coffee thing with me
one but I thought we're actually gonna
look because they're different ages
don't spit on my number C days eight
times what actually launched it that you
invited making one thing it's
in getting little island so probably go
there tomorrow because Nene is Monica
look at cars s'more I just think turkey
a new car if you talk about part like
what two months
come on let me go mom the two month old
car
look the media so excited
looking down
it's all watch step 1 take out the boob
I'm in right now it's beating wouldn't
even notice huh
and this lazy's behind me there's two
women feeding as well
are they finished but like everybody
everybody is speeding huh breast this is
like breastfeeding central become the
man point pop up here this is right your
breastfeed you see official
breastfeeding I tell you that's how you
breastfeed in the mall when you come
upstairs on the slide just look for a
group of women who are also feeding
their babies just slap em beside them
without your boobs have a chat did you
want to Sakura Georgia's last night
nervous
thank
what do you think of the big
here the world for my height is an
enchanting
Wow
Wow it's alright
une dress the button oh this is
beautiful
oh all at the cinema drummer used to go
to this I never throw her back in her
care for you care for your health
parents using a sinner used to go to
fruit boost we used to go to be bees go
to Bryant oh wow is it such a life is
the love each other
yeah we talked the pker hugs hug bucks
hey what's going on here now sighs tease
me
Oh everyone could see Mia Oh Tina that's
the stuff
Carl Hall what did you do
do you give it to them or do you like I
thought it was like a burner and it was
gonna release up to get in there so like
there's a whole inner world out here
Amelia Amelia he's like a good man you
squeeze the contents of one capsule on
Tibetan okay cuz I thought it was
something like this like you know like
sweets oh my God look how cool is that
it's John's book John Graham not really
cool hmm that's so cool I've never seen
you in a bookshop before in Ireland I've
seen online it whatever that's pretty
cool so huh awesome are you watching
everything
oh yeah you watching everything
please stop raining the radars next
super dark oh my goodness look at dark
it is I started a blog we got a good
spot look right there in the front nice
moves huh and he's got movies daddy any
moves like Jagger Jagger move like
Jagger who are they kidding huh already
hidden snow shovels serious snow show
snow shoes ice clairedy isolate a kiddin
huh
and farmers like oh yeah we should
totally get a snow shovel and some snow
shoe grips I really need them winter
essentials Yeah right
see see oh hey I'm a horse you could
find me in the frozen food section under
hamburgers I was gonna continue using
the one I have at the moment you know I
never finished yeah turn out when I
bought their super volume for when men
get older and all their hair fall out
but they still want to be like Justin
Bieber you can get super volume
definitely best is remover ever Aladdin
you know ones are pretty good when
you're a bit Riesling
what's your name Alf buddy Elin he chose
to stick little bit in the Latin Rees
like what your name is like Aladdin he's
like Aladdin like how or a lot
all right you chose to stick a little
bit exes are here huh what's going on
here
we've done any was pushy what she was
about fuzzy wuzzy was a bear with PCOS
he a bear Oh hmm where's mom let's catch
up on mom we catch ever
Oh left look they're red Oh No Janna
what do you suppose this is cheese that
you eat yeah I think it's polish
something yeah it's just noodle I know
but it's like look the guy eating cheese
what do you think it is amelia is what
she needs
mountains of Coco Pops ah do you
remember Saturday morning cartoons
honey loops what's in honey loops no
mine was always Coco Pops
you know it just got like a mountain of
milk you know and I'm just like Saturday
morning cartoons like yesterday like a
liter of milk the biggest bowl you can
find in has what you do is when you're
halfway to the bowl
you resupply and then you get the dry
ones on top and then the milk turns
chocolate and then you get the sake Rice
Krispies at the bottom oh I mean yeah
I'm gonna introduce you to all that fun
things will go happies okay just just
take them all put them all in the
trolley like a frozen beets every day
for a week yeah I know spinach and yeah
chicken it's like the lowest
nice poori like a pollo por una Apollo
Apollo pasta Apollo pasta voy a la
Kippur la pasta papaya app or a pasta
yeah I think so did you get the pool
pots
that's a full trolley but let's go oh
what a rainy day huh oh boy let's go
home and eat loads of sweets
oh wait a second okay yeah Wow are you
yeah yeah all right
I can't evergreen Thai curry without
some green things to go in the curry
don't forget to add the noisy and the
old Mama's trick
oh no Liam hi crawling baby hi calling
baby Nikhil let me help you with that
you've got a cupcake on your bum you
know what we actually have two pairs of
those pens in the exact same size six
months from two different subscribers
that sent them to us it's so funny like
obviously you guys all think alike
because you obviously saw the cupcake
and thought of us which was really nice
of you guys so that's cool because that
means that when one is in the
wishy-washys we could use the other one
too so you have an endless supply of
cupcake clothing gonna be super naive
cuz you're sticky
not a marshmallow baby with a little
marshmallow babies that's a little nice
mellow baby with a little marshmallow
baby who's the little marshmallow baby
hmm okay let's go put on your lotion on
your moisturizer
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
