project from watt anyways you're doing
that video 50% apology yeah that's what
he does he's always like I'll apologize
now you had a while
no I think I'm getting fake you really
didn't think this would happen to me I'm
just grabbing my stuff here um I didn't
think this would happen because I
thought I'd get away with that I don't
know if I am getting like the same hope
like hope and pray for me that I don't
get sick guys fingers crossed because
she all right
yeah I see a copper yeah you know the
nice thing about Amenia though is that
she even if she is sick
she still has not lost her good mood she
is in such a good mood all the time or
most of the time you know um so that's
really nice but she's just she just
really content kind of babies don't
Sophia is taking her temperature she's
watching Peppa Pig yesterday
what Joey drought when you're like you
know and trying to pop your ears but the
worst ever which I'm having right now
was that I got that and I got the ping
right but then now won't pop and this
one's off and I'm all like my balance is
I got over the place and just like lose
ROG you add I got a cold
my ears are popped ha ha you actually go
to a window and I just think you hadn't
had a window
now it's worse job at this one here
this one's grand right now ok hold on
get some refreshing oh did it it did it
just happened there nice
oh my god I think that was the cutest
thing I actually have tears in my eyes
that was oh look at newbies did you see
that like Amelia was like looking at her
like looking at her face and like
smiling and stuff oh I don't know if I
got that on camera cuz that was going on
for quite a while and I just turned it
on I tried to zoom in really close
because I didn't want to get too close
myself because I didn't want them to
stop but that was like the most perfect
moment in my mind like that was so cute
and now look at her look at newbies just
loved her so much
hmm
you know buddy what seems to be the
problem
ICC veto problem huh what seems to be
the problem okay
oh he goes what seems to be the problem
here huh I seems to be the problem here
Oh baby coffee
oh she's sick nineties though my um we
can get each other again we're in love
again
if you miss my kisses or you're like oh
thank god got a break from dad it's
obsessive kissing hmm you know me I got
it we're gonna leave mom what we're
gonna get married
hmm you know meet her you don't need you
in your life you and me in the whole
world
we'll bring out and feel in there you
guys you guys want you guys want a treat
okay what do you want all right add the
chicken strips had more chicken strips
and more chicken strips and more cheese
I joined I get super expensive Jim I
opted for the like gold package I got a
personal trainer I got a nutritionist I
got everything I went for an assessment
I did all of that and I have not yet
done for infection that was like do
weeks ago so I haven't vlog at all today
are you going up to Amelia will you
bring her down and change her before we
go
Thanks I totally deserved the pink
camera just saying look I found a
solution to my Bianca peeing problem I
just put the play mat on top of the area
rug and she won't be on it because she
doesn't pee on the play mat but yeah
that's not really it's kind of a
temporary solution doesn't really work
like all the time so I went back to bed
for a little while and I watched trophy
wives or secrets of the trophy wives or
something I thought it was really good
actually it wasn't very good but there
was um only one couple in it that I that
I really liked and that was the reason
why I watch it so that their part was
good but the others were kind of crap
because
was Jennifer Stano and alkie David and
they were really good in it I really
liked them I thought they were really
sweet so
I mean yeah Amelia Amelia
hello you know we have to go
it sounds like it No hi do you mean yeah
what's this daddy my standing would
Hollywood like a poster in chief that's
just all part of having a baby isn't it
for a while oh oh
well we're going to Ole Miss house so
it's better that you're awake for that
yeah what are you talking about
okay get changed and then not her
clothes just turn a P and then we're
gonna also joke is this the first time
you've left the house in about a week
yeah literally I have not left the house
since when was that time for lunch or
something and then you like we had a big
fight remember that's a Kosta yeah
that's why you like you ruined it for me
what because Joe was all like because we
were like one of our new year's
resolutions it's like we need to like
okay I just I'd like about fifty billion
times we need to not go out to eat as
much because we always end up going out
to eat and we never get enough food in
the house you know and that's kind of it
all leads to that so that was one of our
New Year's resolutions like joint New
Year's resolutions and we didn't have
any rats one day and then never have
enough wraps and then we went out I was
like well we have to go to cast out it
was a
say that you were getting sick as well
that's why I fight and then joke this
was like oh well we can't be doing this
every day and he totally started acting
like it was my fault and that I had
broken the New Year's resolutions and
then I felt so bad oh my god it's not my
fault you know the stress like yes my
New Year's resolution is to learn to
drive but it's not gonna take a month
it's gonna take several yeah so you have
to be patient
so if I could have driven then I would
have driven to the shop to get some
wraps and everything would have been
fine but you know I I can't so we had to
go to Kosta I know we had a big fight it
wasn't like a huge fight but you know
and I knew you didn't even apologize man
I did apologize I did actually projects
for what anyways your apologize now you
have a wife shouldn't share you the
person that's in the wrong should
apologize he's like 50% 50% it takes to
both of us have to apologize no matter
who's in the wrong because you were
wrong when I'm in the wrong I apologize
when you're in the wrong I apologize and
then try and convince you to apologize
that's how it worked you better not be
like that
all righty buddy right guys don't don't
do it maybe I fear for all the boys in
the world never apologize to any
actually that's true though she
shouldn't apologize to boys when she's a
teenager
Jonathan that's a really good like look
you know cuz you don't want it to be
like a pushover or like you don't want
her to get her heart broken by boys
so just telling to be a horrible mean
cold-hearted person all right then she
won't get her heart broke and she'll
just break other people's rights I do
wanna be like that oh she's so cute know
what
you know what I mean I don't want her to
get broken up with I want her to do
don't be yeah okay so whenever you think
that they're gonna break up with you
media so just never apologize for
anything just be like so basically just
be like your mom essentially is what
you're saying no huh he's on a little
adventure today oh my god it was worth
the track looked over and I actually got
my first time first time here huh what
do you think it is guys give a good
sniff sometimes there's cream was there
is it a cream surprise today is it out
glove go first knock knock who's there
happy happy who Happy New Year Tom was
my birthday there you go it's my
birthday in like 20 days or something
did you get the fish pie
it's actually mad if you break did she
was it tasty no remember you can't tell
anyone you're a boy they won't tell
Audrey the word I have to tell them you
just you just basically sat in my room
the whole time
someone's getting attention
Oh
he's having this time for her life oh
what's that
where's all my street where's all my
streets my streets I want every
telephone my cream is trying to escape
look it's trying to escape oh I'll put a
stop to that so I got parallel flow take
out the peridot they just basically want
the health and allow what yeah oh is it
too goody-goody Erica didn't eat her
lunch today but she ate a Twix instead
where's our that never go to galas look
at these two huh
look at these two huh in the front of
the car in the front of the car oh
that's not how we acted in the car now
is this wait my mom is in the shop get
the supplies hey hey what's going on
back there
oh here's mom now I hope you bought all
the sweets they had in there hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because
ah
