ever move the couch in your sitting room
this is what you find oh my god haha
with all the toys Oh YUM are you eating
that yeah
we had long talk and we thought it was
just we just thought it was best if we
both just like move on you know I just I
just thought like you know what this
this relationship is kind of breaking
down you know I'm not as excited as I
was and I feel that like Michael could
probably get more out of a new
relationship after a break with you as
good a break we do is good you know oh
sure I know I'm gonna be sad I'm gonna
be sad see my cold go but I feel like
excited for my calls future knowing that
a new relationship is out there just
ready ready out there you know yeah
lookin too bright it's not you cold it's
me good morning how are you three once
in TV you I took up a pig yeah we had
about 70 outfit changes last night cuz
she fed like crazy crazy like oh my god
I'm so starving give me food now last
night and then I sat her off to burp her
and literally it just all came back it
like it was a big river of sick and then
we'll not sing well like spit up and
then um I had to change her entire PJs
because they were soaked the bed I had
just changed the sheets and they were
like full of milk but is okay because I
just used a wet wipe and it's finally
breast milk isn't really like gross it
doesn't smell or anything so it's fine
yeah I took that you was like pouring
the cartridge and somehow it ended up on
here how does that even happen like does
that I usually go around number four
between four or five Anna sometimes is
dad here like she's like Dan here
somewhere go ahead and what I have to be
getting pretty secure the press the
button yeah doesn't even it's a safe
safety just in case I was always down
here I'm like way up here I don't know
what are you you like like
for boiling showers or kind of cool
showers or cold showers no I wouldn't
say Mike would say it's cold but it's
definitely intermediary my baby has a
car
oh you wouldn't know it because she's so
happy and she's so pleasant all the time
but she has a cough it's as I feared and
feared for the worst and it happened she
officially has a cough and I know who
she caught it from ma'am it's not me
it's not Alvey yeah and it's not newbies
and it's not Nevaeh and it's not Bianca
and it's not do it's daddy no joke is in
the shower but Oh like x-rated so
they're not involved in this challenge i
edition of asking at the moment oh why
is there l'oreal sculpturing reinforced
system that's how I get such luscious
hair oh the show nice oh don't be yeah
what the hell you just like conditioner
all over this thing
I'm sure they get it's a condition I out
you know what you done make it oh wait
anyways Oh Amelia has a comp all right
yeah like a chesty cough Oh
don't look at me I told you yesterday
was the first time I actually gave her
some occasion to like three days she has
Sam oh yeah you do better huh or
something we have Cal call yeah I might
give her a telephone interview but she's
not upset though no absolutely
Oh nope is that is that Hooters that
baby
no um she was like in her swing and she
was like like you know a ton and like
it's it's not like a normal kind of like
a little cough here and there it's like
proper like she was going for a while
and I could hear the phlegm like in her
throat she definitely are I'll call an
ambulance
my baby has a talk I was going to give
her a Cal Paul you know he said cowbells
must speak everything and then I just
ran and I couldn't see anything about a
car anything and said like fevers and
stuff that's all right my sister she has
babies general babies a year older in
mind so she's been to all this as a joke
to bring a person less baby he's
recently being true all this you know my
next stop is my mom because my mom works
in pediatrics so she's always like my
doctor she works in like the Maine
Children's Hospital of Ireland dijanna
no but she's always been poor to call my
yeah but free doctor free doctor but
yeah was this was like
now what scavenger you know I was like
um I don't know like she's got
temperature because he can feel her 4x
like I don't do anything today don't get
a kilometer and there we go oh you're
just so happy right
oh you blowing bubbles so she looks
great
okay she looks very pretty it is a
little bit small um it is a little bit
small which kind of sucks but oh she
just grows so fast and the little socks
are really cute yeah it's a little bit
tight here you guys can probably see but
it'll do for now cuz it's warm and it's
keeping her snug what are you looking at
what are you looking at so now I'm gonna
make the bed and then we're gonna go
downstairs and have a little nap okay
because I think we might be tired so for
now you're gonna go in your co-sleeper
there you go good girl I sing too I just
washed the sheet for it she's actually
just on a duvet here but so wonder care
odd yeah the tired smaller thing for us
she was like 59 like 60 euros then as
always go mother catnip over to Argos
and see what the price differences Argos
6 euros but the difference in the Argos
one the difference with the Argos one is
that this came free with it so um yeah
forty lens cap things so this is the one
they had a motor care for 6 euros which
is the terminal scan 5 number 1 blah
blah blah this one comes with 21 filters
but they gave me an extra free 40
filters so I was like well you win but I
yet is the one here awesome ok bed is
made mommy needs to eat you already ate
so we're gonna go we're gonna go down
and see our little ducky friends ok she
loves when she first sees her doggy
friends I've come here now this is a bit
difficult with just one hon I said ok
look
are you trying to save him you trying to
save him
always leaving both I'm just hiding so
fun I put you down doc okay okay okay go
run Fred Alby
run for your life play test this in my
own ear first off I just tested my own
ear luck 36.1 oh no that's healthy oh oh
it's just bit it's a 6.9 I was chasing
someone
yeah does that my sister you routes that
you email list like let's do it again
any other year no it doesn't matter
play six point nine I think that's okay
banter easy she's in the 36 range is
that good yeah 36 is fine 37 is like how
Paul yeah then in 38 was like color yeah
so see mine do you want to go no thanks
no I'll just double check with mom just
to make sure if the temperatures right
come on hello hey quick question right
um I just
all right slow question um I do
Amelia has a little bit of a cough right
so I check your temperature right and I
my temperature is 36.1 and hers is
36.9 is that okay yeah that's why the
root says well Bree takes it maybe could
give a cowboy anyway should I bring it
trick should I try and bring it down to
the 36.1 right because it sounds like a
lot of coughing but it's like you know a
few cops see I've had a bit of a cold
for a few days and I'm kind of just
trying to stay away from weirdo but but
the press the breast milk should be
taking care of her right you ever smell
this stuff smells amazing can I have
just a little sup mm-hmm oh it smells
like child medicine it is job medicine
it smells so yummy
maybe it's so lucky that she gets to
drink this all right so then you have a
2.5 2.5 I always feel so popular when I
eat yogurt what's what's up guys what's
up guys can I help you can I help you
with something huh
can I help you mm-hmm there's a process
right everybody gets three to five
seconds all right so you pull this back
three to five seconds go
next next next
next next why keep it going keep it
going keep it going keep it going
tango Cena get your face in there boss
and batteries you not gonna believe what
actually batteries have died and in
actual little chair thing look look it's
like a record stuck and repeat huh
and your walkman you'll never know about
walkman you'll never know about disc man
actually you'll never know about
skipping sounds right cuz like iPods
never skip oh you'll never oh my god a
whole generation it's over music will
never skip anymore give me a comment if
you remember skipping music ever
mattered if man and I'd have to walk
with it like hold it like in my hand
like this but like I'm enjoying this CD
but don't move because like you put in
your pocket you walk you're like just
keep stopping that was like the
stupidest invention like this is because
I have to like balance on the little
spindles of the disc return like like
how does nobody come up with something
better
yeah you know you just think that your
life is crazy
are you the best well well obviously
they're envy treat me like the iPods now
but the tape was a good one to take any
different you'll never know
hmm okay look an easy this huh so rainy
and cold
oh I want mine I don't mind when January
slips by Sue's into February and we're
all alive what's up baby we're late
speaking Eliezer back I have have you
guys missed me for the last few days I
feel like I just I've been so like sick
and I just like Anna's been most of the
blogging and stuff you know and I've
kind of missed you guys you know sorry
sorry if I haven't been there I have a
big that time job I got and I'm feeling
a lot better thank you very much
because obviously me Michael broke up
call me cold
let's open me a cold and turn into one
of those awkward exes I hate this time
of year because it's so dark and up you
know one of the best things about this
time of year is oh I don't know if you
guys even have to use in America or
outside of Europe or I don't know in
your countries if you don't you've no
idea what you're missing these are the
most amazing things you'll ever have in
your life they're so good
but there's this thing about how do you
eat yours and it's like some people like
bite the heads out what am i technique
is to bite the head off using your
tongue it's kind of a technique and say
scoop a scoop out all the gooey stuff in
the inside and then when you have
nothing left with the bottom hollow
chocolate bit then you pop it in some
people just like throw it straight in
crunch it down to me I feel like that's
a waste you're rushing you're rushing
the experience you know it's gonna take
your time nibble off the top eat at all
the goo and swallow the chocolate that's
how you do it that's the only way you
can do it anyway give me some comments
of how you eat your god birds cream
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
