hmm
trying to get this weekend
hmm kick your ass
hey Alby so we just came down woke up
quite a while ago but we just came down
to watch some Peppa Pig Peppa loves
jumping in muddy puddles
yeah do you like muddy puddles too
did you ever see one um guess what I did
last night guys
I painted my nails the first time since
having a media isn't it so weird to
think like I was painting them when I
was like oh my god last time I paint my
nails was the day before I was induced
like that's so crazy that's like four
months ago oh my god javis is still
really sick um I actually went and threw
up I think she was really upset because
we've never done this before but I did
it last night that's all right the night
before last I saw I went and I slept in
my cupcake room because she was snoring
like crazy like so loud and it's not his
fault it's cuz he's congested like he
never used restore is like the RT
doesn't usually snore much at all um
like probably about as much as me which
is like hardly any so I I went I just
couldn't sleep I was just lying there
like oh wait then I was getting so angry
and like frustrated so I was like okay I
need to do something like this like we
had this huge I was I'm gonna just make
use of it so I went into the cupcake
guru and I slept over there yeah I I
think he was really upset so go Fitz if
you're watching this I'm really sorry
and I love you but I did it so that all
of us could get a good night's sleep but
even so I just like and it's so hard to
get up this morning I said while I'm
like twice and I didn't I got up this on
the second one
I mean disgusting specimen of humanity
yes
blowing your nose and stuff it's just
fun your nose my father like you're
actually taking it to a whole new level
of hell
I don't do that though I never do things
I had oh no I was uh I was brought up
and then you farted and got sick says he
feels like this nice yeah I don't know
where it's coming from like it's like
you have to cop things up and smart
things oh yeah and then sometimes it
ends up in people's tuna my mistake did
you put the screw in the tuna yeah Cal
didn't remember in the court case
we're never gonna get all the
compensation how dare you
Keaton and Keller are new they're still
all right Coolio I mean I love you ever
stop talking for five seconds your life
Hey
I missed you last night we didn't even
sleep together last night
do you remember or the night before it
even remember who I am yeah
waiting 20 looking at me like who's that
stranger he doesn't sound like that he
doesn't smell like that you don't sleep
together anymore our pads to work come
home their kids are playing like who are
you that's even nowadays though oh yeah
I'm sure I'm sure Louis day you guys
kind of folded you guys either serve or
have somebody serving in the military I
think you do like a finger and when you
do at 1620 through a tour I think its
horn is like 10 months or something
isn't it well what is that that's where
you talk well can go right there like I
suppose like if you're are you loud like
Mary other people I suppose don't ease
with her boyfriend and they were on tour
together
it's got a funny Miami my trainer called
me this morning he was like oh well he
and I should probably the
they were like you guys actually sick so
he's actually not gonna be able to
to stash it with you today hit home and
I'm like dying and say to you know I'm
like he make me sick and I make him sick
I think when I went the assessments I
remember saying it was like oh I've
threaded a scarf I was like I have been
at call he was like he's like why have a
bit of a cold as well so maybe we both
got the same one the only place I ever
go like you know like where crowds of
people really is like Tesco itself and
there's a lot of touching that goes on
in Tesco you know when an trolleys and
stuff so I would say I probably got her
from there and then and luckily enough
though I'm you know Ana and Emilia
aren't aren't obviously gonna get sick
which is great because they would be
sick already at the fact that I haven't
got it yet is like brilliant because I
sure as hell did not want to do what
Amelia being sick while I was sick and
poor Hannah would have told after
everybody and like having a newborn and
scary you know for having a newborn when
they get like a cold or flu alright
obviously she's going to get a call like
common cold it's common for a reason but
you know just I don't want it again sick
for as long as possible because it's
it's obviously super scary you know
you're like helpless Mina is just
hanging out on a plane mat she's
probably gonna get a bit hungry now
yeah she's due for another feat now but
um she just filmed with me for the
Starlight so check that out if you
haven't
on our mommy Monday we did a performance
update so that was exciting and when I
was holding her it cuz every month I try
and like you know see the difference and
I hadn't filmed with her on the
Starlight since last month's update so
it was exactly a month and look at her
she's playing with the thing with the
Lynx she loves anyway so I was holding
her and last one she was like you know
sitting up straight like she was really
alert and everything so that was a big
change from the two-month update and
then this time round she was sitting on
her own she was like I had no hands no I
didn't do it for the whole video looks
like oh my god imagine she fell or
something but and you know she's still a
little bit wobbly on her own plus she
can't actually sit up on her own
like in general but you know she was
leaning her back against my my tummy and
I let go and she stayed there so that
was really cool it's like a huge step
for her I don't know I just thought that
was really cool so doing it go on click
on oh no that's I don't you dance up
muddy
I swear to God okay no I'm going to make
myself something to eat and then eat
Amelia laughter I have to say heard in
the song ends
suck here
she's actually a special offer and the
closing key medicine so let's see you
know it's pretty serious right we have
look like this with metallic it's got
mental and I've never seen it before
that's the norm Warren but I got this as
well it's because menthol it sounds less
okay let's get the shopping really cool
you know the way like this disabled
parking and then parking from mommy and
baby visor doors parking for people who
have colds and flus you know like a
special parking area right by the door
that's like heated or maybe we could
drive into the shop and drive around the
aisles while sitting in our cars that'd
be kind of cool makeup removing wipes
simple makeup removing wipes when your
simple Oh time to skin fit no I was
hoping it was just gonna be one option
it's not simple but zeros in yoga is not
my truth his last time about the
Mandarin ones not much about the Mangin
ones cuz I just saw the zero percent
ones vanilla another sentence Gators
near muchif before once ones I like
blue powerpoints
a different deal or something don't you
look cool so I cleaned all the mirrors
and all the doors and clean the bath of
them but because the bathtub never gets
used like quite like other than Amelia's
bath which is obviously kind of cleaned
every day because it's used every day
but the actual bathtub never gets used
so it gets like super dusty so I just
clean it out a little bit but I still
need to mop I'm like I just don't want
to use that mop because it's so dumb you
have to like wash it out every single
time so instead of doing that I'm going
to work on my blog post for today
chopped because I'm doing I mean that's
four months update and I want to find
some nice pictures from like every week
so far so did pretty good today though
got a lot of cleaning and stuff done so
I'm happy that that so we're just
waiting for Joey to get back from the
shop sucks that I can't drive seriously
this is like the worst when he's sick
and I can't drive I feel so bad so I'm
definitely learning straight this year
definitely they do say the best to meet
when you're sick is something spicy and
chilly and sort of you know green Thai
curry
like so the good people are not gonna
die drop it over some curry thanks a lot
what's all the extra stuff you know they
always they always trying something you
guys should get knock on tide in Douglas
in quark because it's not they always
like TRO end stuff I don't even know
what that is but they always like just
throwing a little bag of treats cool
that way do you think it's cool that way
yeah YUM I love when you're like you
know you're like your diet cola but lots
and lots of like Chile and the Green
Thai curry that they make is
particularly hot there is a certain of
hotness now wouldn't be as hot as my
wife woo but it's pretty hot that's what
we're talking about
oh god yeah oh okay you know I feel
like I'm wearing this all the time if
you guys seen Seven Psychopaths I feel
like the Quaker you know he wears the
thing all the time since I don't my neck
is not flit but that's what I feel like
have you seen separate Psychopaths it's
actually good you should totally check
that out
hello hello I've kind of missed you huh
kind of mister for the last few days
because I've been kind of sick and I
haven't I mean keeping my distance from
you I've been keeping my distance from
you
well my cuz I don't want you to get sick
no no but I miss you do you miss me oh
thanks thanks a bunch munch thanks a
much Bunch
honey play with your toys what's this a
caterpillar careful you don't want to
fall over look at this one ha Mimi
nearly cutie we're putting your foot
putting your foot oh nothing of what
it's in your foot careful you're my
favorite baby Nona you know that
oh you gotta fall over I think you're
trying to fall over
no you might do it again she had her
hand in his mouth and he was like
jumping no she was like shoving it in
like what she's doing now they are so
cute together don't like you know you
can have your brother puppies and babies
together like the cutest thing mhm
huh we need to have five more babies so
everyone can have a puppy Oh baby and
puppy hold hands no idea weak actually
get this but look this cookie knows and
sometimes because I was like and
sometimes like yeah it kind of depends
if she's like extremely happy she'll die
Oh what if she's just like that cute you
know that is you so cute yeah and this
is hey this is how grown-ups you're
pleased to meet you pleased to meet you
yes is to meet you
he's so cool
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
