this is how to make a child its head to
make the kids good Java less yeah
good morning so today I'm joined by this
little baby
Alyssa Jonathan thinks I'm boring
because I just asked him to check the
weather the temperature I mean outside
because I don't know whether it's cold
or not it looks cold out there um let me
put you down for one second while I grab
the baby say hi say hi you're so excited
today I just watched the birthday party
vlog for the second time because um I
like watching those over and over and
you know it's so I just cannot express
how grateful I am to Jonathan I know it
was both of us but like mostly it was
Jonathan who am for vlogging every
single day or most days for the past 7
years because just looking back on
Amelia's life like all of their lives
but just I'm talking about Amelia
because it's her birthday yesterday has
just been so incredible like you forget
so many things and just have those
memories sorry hold on one sec just have
to get the cake it's just amazing and
you know those are the times that are
the most special I think when your kids
are really small but you forget them
like you forget just moments and you
forget things because you're stressed
out you're trying to get things done or
you're trying to like keep it all
together and the fact that I can go back
and watch in like a stress-free kind of
like frame of mind is so cool so um just
looking at her even when she was like 2
and trying to talk and her talking was
like really different so cute
okay the chocolate toast was a one-time
thing Jonathan I see my hard work has
just been yeah last night I put all the
lol dolls together hello Amelia you
didn't even say hello to me
good morning good morning good morning
Boyd I um did you like what I did with
your lol dolls it only took me all night
you see I put them all back in their
little like balls with their coffee cups
or whatever where on the school run and
it is cold guys this is your fifth is
this your sixth year so if your 5 on
your fifth birdie the first day after
your fever detecting the your sixth year
right whoa look at our sunset guys look
like we're in California this morning
California no party in this it is City
Compton keep me rock'n'roll
keep me rock n roll now let me welcome
everybody to do wild wild west the state
death to touchable like Eliot Ness ha ha
look at this video guys grandmas on
there yeah happy birthday
remember thank you oh because she
couldn't actually see you gonna say
happy birthday happy birthday Abbey yeah
certainly sunny today that's how I do
you know most cars these days are
contactless you know are not keyless you
know sometimes I wonder why did you guys
meet because I just walked up to my car
in it just like Oh things for me what
did you actually forgot your keys and
they actually like go so far with your
plan and you forgot your keys
is there somebody at least once or so
long that feel like I wanted to try it
let's see what happens if we just don't
have my keys it because it let me open
the car from the house four-wheeler that
we drive away I need to try it or have
you tried it and me in common let me
know I think she is this thing you go
check for me she asleep how do you wake
a baby up by making a noise good morning
hello my most fabulous friend Eduardo
has made some alterations to his own and
where is the fabulous friends thank you
I'm not getting her I'm getting her up
no use make her laugh whoa
I use on the bed guardo Eduardo what you
do to girls is you get your foot and you
put your foot there face girls like when
you rub your foot in their head she's a
pincher you go to us bring it out what
are you smush friend of that the
notorious Eduardo the notorious who take
oh oh oh dude you too Eduardo loves the
little board he doesn't even want to
bring a scooter this is for Amelia the
he just wants to go in the board
I'll cheer for the Nettles I have come
to a conclusion friends I am never ever
going to get anything ever done again so
all day I've been trying to do stuff for
it's the book characters there where is
it wardo brothers here oh oh
I am literally uh you get like it's like
any other parents with kids who get this
right so god I've got children in
different different of different ages or
thousands of different ages right so
like you get up right going downstairs
Anna starts feeding last year I bring a
minion water downstairs for breakfast
I'll give them breakfast then I make the
dogs their breakfast right as the dogs
eating their breakfast kids eating their
breakfast and I was feeding Alessia then
oh hello
I dressed kids brush their teeth pack
their bags and lately with all off all
of us together being on in the school
which is kind of fun for Less it but she
kind of enjoys it so we all go to school
run we get back from the school run
right straight away get straight down
any of the vlogs get that out of the way
and then it's like other work stuff that
I do or that kind of work self that's
not you to be stuff that I do and know
today's conversation and get all that
anyway okay but then bang next thing you
know it's like oh I gotta go collect
Eduardo so I gotta go collect Eduardo
and then get back from collecting guardo
but then Edouard is at home so I'm like
playing with Eduardo unless he's just up
from her nap so you got lassie and
Eduardo boom it's time Trent Amelia
buying back out
lassie Eduardo in the car go out collect
Amelia
then after school I kind of like when a
role play so the new thing now is to
play in the playground after school so
everyone's playing the pregnant after
school by getting home then it's dinner
time for the kids right like oh no
there's our four kids
oh no the blocks went to your life run
upstairs trying to F let the block while
feeding the kids just come home and then
it's like oh no unless she needs her
pass you gotta put Alexi down for the
bad finish the kids up bring the kids
over there showers and read them their
stories 100 breastfeed celesia puts her
too bad she's alas isn't bad the kids
are in bed when they stay him bed and
the two of us meet us
I bet 18 o'clock and we have our dinner
and then it's like hey if we watch one
show or something that's the best we can
get and there's nothing tip
money but you know I wouldn't trade it
for the world
wouldn't trade it for the world I'm just
trying to absorb it all in because they
won't always be like this
it won't always be like this and they'll
grow up and then they'll take over the
blogs and then instead of the school
runs it'll be Amelia Eduardo Alessia and
however under 17 children and we have
will be doing like there OAP run
obviously Interactive right all right
Jonathan all right dad dad's worried
about a bingo going under bingo run
bingo run a backhoe I used to Riley I
remember this song Oh
bigger right that's what I imagined my
grandfathering life will be huh
anyway yes I said it we just thought it
was funny parents with multiple kids you
got me you got me you got me right we
are actually shooting the calendar this
year for the 2018 Ciccone Jerry's
calendar little after school calendar
shoot what this is the lessees first
calendar as well how exciting is that in
Greg's first calendar huh
it's a first for everybody is the first
calendar you get your little hand dinner
or something
spot is these hand in the 2018 calendar
you have to run after our dough Eduardo
come on we're going get away oh boy and
that's the last you saw of this economy
Shirley kids what this way follow the
sound of alessio crying
the mints don't you get Vince she like
mints look at you little mints eater she
got mints
she ate sub mins to Mindy is it to Mindy
now no you mean ago / - mommy / - mommy
is a good one this is how to make a
child oh so cute
good job unless ya what
oh no give me that no we're on the teddy
bears picnic wait why are we not what's
what's missing
