obviously my site is better all right go
swing your partner round and round five
six seven hey what did you do you just
walked over
so it's morning time it's Sunday and do
you want to go outside you promised we
thought there's kids playing at play
them the dogs are barking so they kind
of had to clean things a lot it's
freezing
apparently it is rain or raining what
apparently it's snowing in Joplin javis
not suing here obviously but oh my god
let's use the rubber ducky outside you
guys see that in the flower bed over
there no it's so weird javis brought
them since yesterday
and we can't find them anywhere and like
as an I remember him bringing them in
with the coffee's and everything and I
looked in the recycling where the coffee
containers are and it's not in there
like I don't know where it is
so that's annoying you wanna say hi
music good morning yeah she's playing
with all her toys place is an absolute
tip mutant vacuum it's like all the Kip
and I came over all the crumbs from
their little piggy oh no Liam so meaning
I was asleep on me and I didn't even
hear it but she had a pill explosion
it's all leakage oh and this is my last
boob top that isn't in the wash because
they're all destroyed they're all
destroyed they're all destroyed
destroyed pretty peeved if I thought I
mean yes to change this now and I have
nothing to change it with that is
breastfeeding friendly so luckily I have
this I didn't even I just took that out
of the laundry so I'm gonna dress her in
those clothes we're gonna get you all
dressed and
ready because yesterday we didn't even
get dressed we just stayed in our PJs
all day like 10 I see them all lamb sips
and they disappeared and I'm like
completely disappeared I've checked
everywhere this is not a fun game guys
you know if you could just go and tell
me where they are I'll be absolutely
amazing seriously I'll be incredible if
someone took them I'm well I'm willing
to forgive to give them forget if they
came clean please hey hey being sick and
oh my goodness
everyone in the art and supplements
snowing in Belfast and then snowing in
them
my brother texted me this morning he's
like it's snowing as well I'm like yay
but like crappers I'm sick but my god I
hope it snows you guys have never seen
snow before you've never seen snow it's
dead oh my god
oh my goodness in the bin in the bin
who's like bury dad in the bottom of
there obviously got thrown into the bin
maybe I thought it was like the old box
or something oh yeah I don't care
anymore that's it we're saved guys yeah
true - ah well that was not pleasant
living through the business but hey
sometimes you gotta reach you two bends
in life
and at the official satellite dance
howdy boys all right go swing your
partner round and round five six seven
eight what did you just walk over just
randomly like you go through you're like
new day huh and you start walking up
there and she's all like pick me
ready let's go come on let's go which
one which site we'll probably have a
better sight this is oh my god even
better okay do it at home and leave a
video response below of you doing the
dance very important intense intense eye
contact the whole time your shoulders
there's always the better side or nice
nice moves nice moves and the winner is
gonna be do facial dance
Ciccone Jolie champion of 2013 enter
below into now
go
step one all right
you ever notice how easy it is to get
lost on the internet or especially on
YouTube primarily happens to me on
YouTube but like when I used to have
like a Facebook profile you know if
you're like my friend were like upload
something then I click on that hand and
click on the next thing you know you're
like wonder where am i what am i doing
here well it happens to me a lot on you
should shoot you know I like it
suggested B or someone will tweet
something and I'm like oh my back then
and then I'm like I was saying about
what that man hours later you're like
off you're like what Anna comes in just
like what are you watching and I'm like
I want you to documentary
she's like what the hell is that and I'm
like I I was like don't wait wait this
is I don't know how I got here and I
ended up here but I'm in the middle
that's like 40 minute documentary it
happened so much yeah like just like
wandering around you know like a
headless chicken on the internet it's
like this the best
procrastination invention in the whole
world isn't it like whichever sometimes
find yourself that you're like what or
like even like the stuff that you copy
and paste you know you should do in the
comments below right just press control
V or if you're in the Mac press like
Apple V and see what comes up and just
post it all right just like what the
hell was I looking for because the stuff
you copy and sits in your app they copy
and paste clipboard thing all day huh
and then you're just like you're like oh
my god what was I looking up you don't
get that that's what the Internet's like
you know you hear something and you're
like you curious the batter you look up
because years ago it was like you don't
give me curious as matter what you gonna
go tear like bookshelf of encyclopedias
and like oh I've just got my
Encyclopedia Britannica collection
collections 1 to 7 million I'm gonna
look up that word or the origin of the
species you like no no it's gonna happen
you know well it's like what cuckoo
they're like you know you just Google
stuff it's like addictive you know
anyway maybe college severe if you get
lost like I do why she's gonna go to
like Sentra and a petrol station but
it's not practical
this is the only way we're the divine
that beats there's no point than Mike
let's sort of you know small sort of
pockets anymore you need to buy them in
big very good park let's go the magnet
pipe feels so it makes more sense
unfortunately I'm dying which man do
women have it so easy
women you have been so easy you have no
idea you guys have no idea you never get
the man flu what can i what can I put me
chickpeas on first no fun grill to a
hundred thousand degrees like that
volcano in Russia and you guys see the
footage into the volcano in Russia
let's probably check your local news
media for footage gonna check out oh
yeah everything's better after cheeky
burgers all right show me show me the
money
oh yeah chickens and a surprise I got
six little bits for my six little
friends got some coffee it's actually
quite a nice a sweet chili if you're in
their market for some sweet chili and
some mozzarella I'm Gigi
yeah friends a hilarious
and I'm doing my weekly ritual of
cleaning my brushes
I do this every Sunday Julie where I use
a deep clean the brushes so I use like
olive oil first I have a video on this
actually on the style bed but it's super
old first news olive oil and then I use
like baby shampoo and sometimes
conditioner but we don't have
conditioner right now so I use the
media's which is baby bedtime wash this
is like her shampoo and her washing she
doesn't really have any yet so but it
works just fine for brushes - okay
molting there's some reason but anyways
so that's just me defrosting a nurse
okay so I'm gonna wash all of these are
my regular like every everyday brushes
that I use like every single day and
then I usually like sanitize this
palette as well because they use that
almost every day as well oh well I sure
hope I feel better tomorrow because I
have my first session I have my first
hardcore session with my trainer
tomorrow he's got like he made this
whole planet designed exactly for me for
what I want to do and everything it's
gonna be super intense it's like an hour
like I think we're doing like half
cardio half muscle because I say too
much like look I wonder like is my fat
fat hey I don't want to lose my chin and
tone up and sum it up at the same time
you know I don't want to lose any muscle
mass like cuz I'm quite physically
stocky you know and I don't want to lose
any of that you know and he was like
okay well we're gonna you know we'll do
like half and half you know so we'll do
enough cardio that you lose the fat but
you don't start to like lose some of the
like the muscle and stuff like that cuz
I feel a little stocky you don't know
but still there you know but I'm
starting tomorrow so like oh my goodness
Oh fresh and clean and then I decided to
just sanitize all my makeup as well
because it was looking kind of grubby
so that's everything all clean and just
wet so I'm just letting everything dry
and I love the look of my brushes
they look so squeaky clean so then
you're gonna take an instructor
Instagram actually go by my phone it's
get a toy toy you got an open air voice
going on
I wouldn't enter the voice because it
wouldn't be fair and everybody else you
know clearly everyone picks Jamelia
we've noticed everyone treats Jamelia
who would you pick if you won no she's
watching it though whoa so cute right
there
why are you doing you hanging out so I'm
gonna prepare her bath and I just fill
it with the shower is this on I just
thought with this shower it's just
easier that way this is pretty cooler
the whole like big mirror here okay
are you gonna crawl somewhere you just
more interested in your hand aren't you
she I could tell if she could almost
crawl because she keeps moving like she
wants to crawl but she just doesn't
really know how okay let's take her back
now
hi marshmallow queen you're so cute so
for the first time ever
amelia farted in her bath it was so
funny
cuz the bubbles came up but she didn't
even like react or anything I was like
Amelia I thought she was pooping first
first time when we were in the hospital
on her first-ever bath she pooped in the
bathtub it was so funny and I turned
laughing and I'll never forget it
because it's turnit laughing and um I
couldn't laugh because my stitches were
so painful at the time and every time I
laughed I hurt so bad but it was so
hilarious
did she just poop look you've never
actually used these you've had them for
ages they look like hula hoop something
so I think uh yeah
that too much almost done almost done
all right I took out some of the passes
because I felt like it was too much
yum-yum-yum almost ready Oh is my little
family here could you have a bag if you
have about all she smells good no no I
love this man over here back yeah I can
kind of smell now hopefully he's got
better
this is my life now it's like some
stupid hour in the middle of the night
that the dogs are just drinking more LEM
sips come on let's go let's go let's go
let's go
whoa nice legs dopey thank you any pop
oh my goodness I'm so full of such it's
not a fun time mister oh not yet there
come on being open tonight's the night
so that's gonna be hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Joey and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
