what's up yeah yeah yeah and you know
Coffee time so let's take his job sick
as a ding-dong
meanwhile along Peter was my name oh I
don't know whoever that sound goes give
me a voice but I'm all snotty and stuff
now so that's always there getting
getting better process that's my family
how's the gang this is little sleeper
governor wise new drama there's some
shovel on the red carpet lights at the
rapper party
the rabble then you guys watch Dublin
boys I know anyone inside our is that
what do you thought of it leave us a
comment who's your favorite Dublin wife
he's your favorite
Danielle yeah no I like all of actually
I like all of them I think they all
bring some like I like I like the show I
think it was kind of like strangely
edited at the end cause it was like they
tried to pack every yeah yeah it's good
I like I like watching soap like that
well California's on now California
knows how to party
whoo coffee's ready
not purely strong
why is there like a piece of biscuit
randomly on this countertop jokey-joke
so I just realized I haven't like at all
today sorry about that I actually filmed
a video for the style diet and asked
Anna and you want to go peepees outside
I just took blog pictures as well blog
pictures outfit pictures and should say
for my blog and I haven't done I think
I've done that twice I used to do it
like every single week but I think I've
done it twice since I had a media so I
really want to get back into that
because we have like a really great
camera and everything and there's not
really any reason why I can't so I think
like every Friday today is a day kind of
later because I couldn't get my other
video up on Thursday but usually every
Friday I think I'm gonna do like an eye
open posture on my blog so if you like
my outfit then josephus is just editing
of his crappy video that nobody ever
wants to watch you ever watch it it's
really good
my favorite bit is Cena Cena's face is
just like jonathon like puts his foot up
on the thing and her face is just like
but anyways um so I have to edit my blog
pictures now but today Saturday can we
like do better than Saturday I don't
know ask the guys check out the Commons
and then tomorrow we'll see what they
say
mm-hmm that's really interesting but I
was just thinking I'm surfing today and
there are no rats in the house enough
around I need to go in like 50 billion
wraps sighs make sure to pop over and
subscribe to this fun Channel I'm gonna
try and do lots of more videos cuz I
miss doing like stupid videos mm-hmm you
know that's what I started I feel like
that's what you should do in life is
stupid videos I feel like I am an expert
at being
anyways so can we go like get some lunch
or something I put him this rogue it's
not very nice-looking because it's not
being ironed or anything but um like I
said before I've never ironed anything
in my life so I wouldn't know how to do
that even if I wanted to so I put it
down as a trial because I've tried to
put that down so many times and every
single time Bianca pees on it like she
has this obsession with just peeing on
rugs honestly like um I took her
upstairs cuz dogs trying to light it
upstairs my took her upstairs um one day
as like a little treat cuz I don't know
I just wanted to be nice to her whatever
and just give her a little adventure so
I brought her upstairs she went into the
bathroom on tooth a little bath mat rug
thingy and he'd I was like what the hell
just as why you can just wash those but
it's really annoying so that's like my
50th time washing that since we got it
from my mom and it's actually really
nice rug but she just won't not pee on
it
so I'm gonna train her like next time if
I if I can't you're doing it that's
that's what you have to do to catch them
doing it and then like give them the
door wouldn't open
so yeah after uploading that video we
found you my guys remember the
Paranormal Activity video we did ages
ago it has almost 300,000 views on it I
went 3 minutes of my life or like no no
it's fake because like what do you mean
it's fake because why couldn't you be
filming it why would it be a video cam
in your room but you think I'll see no
no no no it's because the dogs would
have noticed this would have sensed the
spirit before hadn't liked like you
they're like oh you could see you crawl
it from if you actually watch the video
go to that Channel right and while
you're subscribing
go find is called paranoia ivities but
at the end you can actually see I'm
laughing as I'm pulling I see clearly
how the dog at the start isn't growling
or barking dogs are sensitive and will
barks is a consensus we know it is
supposed to convey and you guys like
super jealous of Erica why you say she
is in Dublin probably outside the o2
getting ready to watch Ed Sheeran party
like it's 19 2013 yep
nineteen way sardine is an actual day 19
20 19 20 21 whoa whoa did I just do
something yeah I did when I actually was
in Dublin at the yeah or cheerin and you
guys go to the Ed Sheeran he's in double
my thing Friday Saturday something
wasn't or Thursday Friday Saturday I
don't know it's three nights sold out so
that's exactly like if I was playing
should asked me to support him I
wouldn't be really cool jokey jokes and
Ed Sheeran oh my what a team we would
make you know of them get so many people
have asked me on Twitter itself you know
art on like Facebook like Oh what kind
of music yeah how's the music going or
what kind of you know it's all about
finding your sound I think of the music
but if you want to know the kind of
music I'm kind of thinking about what I
really want to do I would say Flight of
the Conchords is probably if you don't
know they are sticking into YouTube
there because they combine like music
and like parity videos and skits and
stuff like that you know so it's like
storytelling on music that's the kind of
stuff I wanna do like you know just to
have a bit of fun make fun videos make
fun music
just be just be dopey jokes
yeah yeah get the wrapper peeled open
yeah see come here give me a kiss oh my
god his breath is so nice yeah
he'll mmm your nostrils very clear he's
probably like oh are those doggies doing
what is he doing your brothers and
sisters are weirdos he just stole all
dad's cough sweets oh that was hilarious
why is there an upside down
well you idiot laughing at 13 half of
that
thanks she's singing what you saying huh
say it don't spray it she's so happy
though dududu Tina's interested in you
in this fit up tour chuckle gym tour
it's Cena cheese Messina is to spit up
clean oh my god it's hurt baby girl okay
doesn't equate changed you know sure
he's good
hey four-month old yellow is it isn't my
fate death yeah you look very orange
come on Ali yellow so is there any six
on her
let's go over here actually Oh No her
hair is done just as well it's a jelly
of all the people with babies who got
long hair yeah they're probably all
generated the fact that we have an
advanced superhuman Wow you know she's
an advanced superhuman I don't think she
needs to point oh he's a normal baby yes
patro video you gonna set up a new one
called
zenzai yes have an IQ listen I'd rather
go to the Shenzhen amenda news small and
census gone oh that's right innit
darling is it oh that just gnarley' no
is that like Nate everywhere
I think everywhere I think it's a
Canadian grounders and it's like I know
I am reminded fetus from Dragon's Den he
owns it great
yeah well I'm walking ten years you can
make us some dinner
come on you're sick and making you
dinner you make us some dinner today
yeah yeah you're gonna have to start
earning your way young lady huh
this is this isn't rent-free here you
know that having chicken with tortellini
type of Jobi which actually look like
fruitless yeah with a little French like
fruit loops like the cereal we're having
Froot Loops with chicken and a check
tomorrow a parmesan sauce oh yeah do you
guys see the picture i yeah i tweeted
there on Instagram on Facebook
hold on that's Oh make sure these people
fun
look here's everyone actually a saw so
far what the food is that can I have the
recipe see family resemblance yo you
knew what type of food is that so hey
does anyone know it's Bianca no one's
said in yet hold on I said look at the
picture hold on so Goods the picture
there yank it in the walk low carb low
fat diet
would you look at that would you just
look at it look at that huh just look at
it would you look at that would you just
look at it just look at it would you
look at that would you look at that
would you look at that hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Joey
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because Dale
