Oh guess what
you're four months old today
oh that's before one birthday happy
birthday to you oh we're four months old
he says B girl oh oh she's just mean
screaming and shouting to herself over
here for the whole time that I've been
like over there just on my iPad she's
just been sharing it screaming but like
not in a upset way just like talking to
herself and she is four months oh I
can't believe you're four months four
months how he's like what is going on
poor little jokey-joke
but look let me do something to things
we made you a coffee and a little sip
and I'll be was really sad okay came
into the kitchen I was like wondering
when coming down because I don't really
like life without um you know would you
like your porridge too
and Bianca was very bold
she got a wall up on the boma she did
because you know what she's got really
hyper huh I just thought it'd be a good
idea I join excite rolled around in some
dirt he Michael
yesterday I gave her she knows that snow
delayed I'm gonna tackle this today it's
upstairs you see I put Avianca up here
because she can't get down but now
you're being good girls so we'll forgive
you for all your sins okay but you can't
lick the baby's face after you roll
around in the dirt
oh you can't lick the baby's face in
general but especially not after you
roll around in dirt oh I hate being sick
guys you know the way I am 38.9% five
check this out quark woman undergoes
weight loss series 40 percent fat
reduction after one treatment I could
look like her on one treatment I could
lose all the fact that I want to lose
boom let me up where is it what do I
have to do what do I have to do sign me
up
it's so pointy all right I'm gonna have
a shower I'm gonna have a steamy shower
see that makes me feel better
my loving wife is taking very good care
of me you're a very good wife I chose
well yeah you like washed with my hands
squeezed it put it under the thing wash
took it off washed it squeeze to put
another thing yeah it's a kind of a
manual a mistake yeah we need a real mop
we also need a person to do the mopping
it's kind of a two-on-two situation can
I come up my pores leave a comment below
and that'd be awesome
cheers thanks Mike okay I was trapped in
that shower for like hours felt like it
I went to level seven I normally staring
number five Nene's here goes to level
nine like a crazy person I seen you at
level 9 before mm-hmm do I thank you I
was trapped in there for like at least
40 minutes
I just couldn't get out you don't need
like seven underneath you kind of feel
like fluey and like the hot waters
coming down that's such a nice little
cocoon you close your eyes you drift off
into a daydream it's amazing
later I can see nice she loved it she
loves it and I got a go
I got a Goldie on me I'm gonna have my
quick lens it before I go hopefully tie
me over
look zip max maximum strength maximum
paracetamol yeah it's so funny on myself
and Anna because you know we be like we
work together we live together we're
minds get it with a baby together we
spend most of our time together so
whenever one of us has to go off and do
something we're like little schoolgirls
you know like you know at some point is
because that's what happened to me you
spend all your time with someone you
sort of become slightly codependent with
them you know I just think it's kind of
funny that you know I'm gonna off I got
a meeting stuff going on now I am you
know and it's like okay I gotta go and
it's like it was like I'll just cancel
it cancel it
you know I don't know people always say
in the comments like don't you guys ever
get sticky sugar I'd hate to be like
with my husband or wife or something all
day long that's like I don't know it's
like in the second I met her I can still
remember now sitting in that cocktail
bar with my friend John and his
girlfriend Rebecca was there and I was
listed meanest girl called Marta and I
saw Hannah there and I saw like boom I
was like oh my god I saw like I don't
know I don't know you know parents
always say like you just know you know I
got bloody Dave you know I just saw her
and I thought oh my god that is the most
beautiful woman I've ever seen in my
life
if I get the opportunity I'm going to
spend my life with her I don't know how
it's gonna happen you know and and then
you guys know the story like that I met
her boyfriend
down with that sort of thing but anyway
two months later I think it took about
two months or so because I wanted to
wait till like I didn't want to be some
like
whatever you know that story so yeah and
then Timo said oh we ended up together
and stuff and now it's still like you
know and we're like married a year and a
half and and worked together nearly six
years and it just doesn't feel like six
years you know it doesn't feel like oh
my god I went ii just grew up for six
years that felt like six years this
doesn't feel like six years it feels
like best most exciting roller coaster
I've ever had in my life you know sure
we find share you have days you're like
oh you're so annoying
but like never to the point that I ever
want to leave never for the point that
ever want to be without her you know and
I know I hope you guys find that hope
everybody gets that you know it's so
awesome like to have to marry your best
friend
it's so cool
and this so it's like for data for and I
just had anything to eat for lunch yet
so I was thinking like maybe meet you
yes cuz I look pretty cool how do I do
this
okay
you know I yeah I need to read the
instructions and I just got a text from
my mom and I hope it's not true if I
hope he was kind of over your text and
you make much sense I think she said
that our neighbors two hunks were taken
okay I really hope that's not true cuz
I'm kind of upset I thought of it well
I'm not kind of I'm like extremely upset
about that if it is everybody help put
offering stolen anyways but I just
honestly scares me to death because
they're not Maltese they're for their
Bichons which is like a really similar
breed so that just freaks me out if it
is true everything that's not anyways so
I'm gonna try and make this
no they're just crazy you know trying a
pasta and a freaking massive pot but
what can I do
that's okay I'll make extra for
everybody how many of you guys are
watching us back in the day when I used
to come here every day a CIT University
in quark and I used to work over here in
the in the studio that's what I'm
actually having meaning today not in the
one I used to work in but another studio
right beside it but it's just where it's
crazy coming down here like there's the
old building there which is crazy coming
down here after like not being like oh
my goodness I used to work here every
day and then did their vlogs it's just
like whoa what are you doing here
talking and I don't think it's right I
don't think it's right to wake them up
and you know I feel like they need their
sleep so I just kind of leave her but
then I feel like bad cuz I'm like does
that mean like there's something wrong
with her
or does that mean that she won't sleep
tonight but then she does usually see
that night right and sometimes she does
seem like almost holiday so I don't know
was it bad for her I mean people tell me
it's good people all the time I'm like
you baby that sleeps it's really really
good
they grow when they sleep they sleep
when they grow or whatever so I'm gonna
tell her someday I'll be like on your
four month birthday you just slept the
whole day she thought Christmas as well
anyways Hey so he's hanging out with my
mates
Nevaeh newbies Pio
Cena Albee Bianca look at Bianca's hair
she actually asked me I know you guys
won't believe me but she asked for the
boat we put back in
basically how I know they like their
bows as if when I'm grooming them
they're interested in it like they show
an interest in the bow and then I can
just tell when they want me to put it in
when they don't most of them don't or
they have lost their bows for whatever
reason or it's been pulled out I'll be
always wants his bow in and he'll like
come to me he'll like look right up at
me as soon as I put it in here look up
at me like I mean I pretty mom like he
really likes his boat but be angat for
some reason she decided she wanted her
bow and she seems to have a little bit
of a fountain going on yanky yanky yeah
you want to show your hairstyle hey hey
look at me when you're talking
ochio kind of wanted his bow he wasn't
sure about it he was like yeah whatever
your wood over mom I'm not a girl mom
geez mom all right Joseph but yeah some
some really fun and exciting prospects
on the prospect ins no no I just changed
lane and I wasn't supposed to and now
I'm in the wrong lane and everyone's
buzzing me out and I'm not supposed to
be here and I just
Oh
ah jeez Louise maker Enya pop she does
she's such a fight cause I ever did so
that was an interesting meeting on it
was good actually yeah and actually
funny cuz they were added ones I've been
there eternity and it was like he's like
you actually beat me our episode the
episode without Amelia being born beat
the actual episode all compared of
eternity which is like anyway super
interesting a meeting looks like so
maybe exciting stuff coming in the
future don't want to talk about
intelligence or didn't shop like that
but uh stay tuned you gonna play a song
barking I hope you like our cheese
what did you just do oh my goodness I
didn't know you can see this oh my god
is everywhere
oh goodness you exploded everywhere
didn't you yeah no oh my goodness
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
