come on monster collective come on oh my
goodness this is the most hard I've ever
been in my entire existence of life
the monster collective beast
following me here had me up at like 4:00
a.m. because I don't know what was up
with them and then I decided to just
abandon them and then I like six that
were gone mentals again and then woke
immediately up and then she was going
Mentos and then we have to get up and do
stuff this morning and then I went back
I am so tired I am so tired I'm falling
asleep right now you know that she no
one else I can't carry Amelia around for
a long these days you're so happy
my heart was kind of afraid
hi there how are you good morning
oh you're tipping nope
she's sort of tipping look she matches
the cushion how fun is that they're all
in like this aquamarine kind of color
yeah oh excuse you do you want to just
like maybe sit up here good girl
now we read a book together because we
got Peppa Pig Peppa Pig oh my god that
actually did uncute I still have not
taken a shower or gotten ready yet
because of you because she had that big
explosion I did changer but um
oh yeah there's Popeye right there so
I'm gonna read to her this book now
because I think she'll like it because
it's got Peppa Pig on it
yeah would you like to do some reading
yeah okay let's do some reading now
everything's gonna be better if I just
have some chicken burgers it will be
trust me Judy today I was trying to buy
these in Tesco and I couldn't find them
you know it's the difference look they
rebranded it remember they were like
yellow
they were like a yellow box matter like
two completely different you know what
they look healthier they look better
source and prepared well it's gonna
guarantee now but yeah I was looking at
I was walking up like what's the dealy
Willy
we're diehard it you can change
but I found them found them in the end
all right where's the wraps get some
wraps chicken burgers and some fresh
cream no wait what
no enough fresh cream chili sauce mmm
I've been writing letters and cards for
the giveaway winners as well I really
want to get like oh no not yet we have
one this one right here but I really
want Joffe is to hang that so cuz now I
mean iya has a dressing-gown so I want
to like you know hang it on the back of
her door I think that would be so cute
so maybe we'll do that today but I'm
just putting here for now because I kind
of forgot that
don't you just hate when that happens
like you buy something and it's like
really nice and then you leave it in its
bag or you forget about it because for
whatever reason I left it in Josephus's
study for ages and then I forgot I had
even bought it and then I was like oh my
god she should be using that I'm gonna
finish writing
well actually trying to take a shoot get
used to write back Tiffany but I'm gonna
finish doing that and hopefully finish
off what I need to do for the winners I
really want to get those things out by
the end of this week so that people
aren't waiting too long because some of
these things are going to like Australia
Canada no there's no Australian there's
Canadian who by the way I saw when I was
when I was getting together the
addresses I didn't write back to anybody
when like email back anybody who sent me
the addresses just because I knew I was
gonna send you guys a card anyway so I
was just like trying to get all the
addresses and um so I still have the
Canadian girl who won the hairdryer she
was like oh you don't have to send it to
me all the lights on it there she's like
you don't have to send it to me because
I know it's gonna be really expensive
and then she didn't hadn't heard
anything back so she assumed that like
we were offended or some
thing you didn't if I must don't worry I
was I just didn't have time to write
back but um
and we definitely will be saying your
hair dry but don't worry you didn't
offend us or anything like that so I'm
if you send us like a message or
something and we don't write back it's
not that we don't care or anything or
like that we don't we're lazy or
whatever it's honestly just time like
there's just no time in the day to write
back to every everybody I know most of
like you guys do understand that and um
the girl I'm talking about I know she
did as well but I just want to put it
out there in case some of you have like
written to us and not gotten a reply and
are upset about it please don't be upset
about it like know that we really care
about you guys and I try to read every
single message and email and that comes
in a night I'm sure most of you know
that I did use to reply like when we had
like fewer viewers and obviously fewer
than messages and stuff but it just got
way too much and I just can't keep up
with everybody so yeah hopefully you
guys understand now one thing I've
learned of years working in production
if your setup isn't right you just can
never get anything done so I figured
that I need to move this I'm trying to
figure out how I need to set it up you
know it's been on my mind for a couple
of days they know so I'm gonna move some
stuff friends and see if I can sort of
grasp how this is meant to be because I
want like the desk area they need the
piano thing set up with the amplifiers
and just everything in a sort of was I
think friends way friends friendly way
you know I'm just trying to figure that
you know it's just really really not you
like that or you want to know if people
like me you just I can't get anything
done unless everything is like organized
you know in a certain way you know if I
come down in the morning in a place like
this like it super cluttered then every
day I'm gonna come down here I'm just
gonna be like no I can't do anything I'm
just gonna have just having a bed just
go back to bed like there's no point you
know
as always like that any new studios at
work tonight I was meticulous and how
clean everything was everybody has to be
organized who's a lot easier cuz you're
in an office what's that are people and
it just makes it easier we're here on
your own and then home offices tend to
do that I think you tend to bring your
personal life into it because you
obviously can't help but like you know
all this stuff here by now struggling
with this like for a couple of days now
for weeks this is that being here how is
this meant to be hi honey so this is
gonna sound really bad but um javis and
I were just talking and the mini was on
her play mat over there and we weren't
really paying you know close attention
or anything we're just chatting but like
we were over there on the other side of
the room and next thing we know what is
one of the puppies was in her play mat
with her licking her so I don't know how
long they were doing that work it's like
she can't say anything you should can't
be like mom Tiger anything so we're just
gonna like oh that's kind of bad
I mean they get given out to afterwards
and they know they're not like well they
don't really know but they understand
afterwards that they're not allowed to
but yeah very good
oh restraint or whatever oh okay I feel
like I'm getting some oh where are my
glasses
sorry so I feel like I'm actually
getting somewhere now so if I sit here
you see I need more desk space
alright so if this stuff set up over
here I think I have this set up here we
think attacks you got the window got
some space plus of all this storage here
now I'm cleaning all that crap up got
the unpaired power everything up here I
can run a conduit along here so there's
no cables I think that's the kind of you
know it's kind of good actually
okay I need the yeah I need a 3d effect
when I'm working
what'd you say what are you saying
what are you saying what are you saying
huh huh
what'd you say yeah you havin fun times
hey ami is that we go with the play with
you oh oh oh
hey music on activate right I have an
idea because I amount to some amount of
cash and just like you know change so
you just sort of put her in the place
and if you decide to use a Yankee
Candles an old Yankee Candle but let's
try and figure out to get the actual the
last remaining bit of candle out and
this is my plan now this could like end
horribly miscast okay yeah because like
it's glass right this should work yeah
this should cook all the remaining oh I
have another one to go because look I
put it in the cold water too fast and it
cracked all the way around
so that's Christmas at the window but
this one's already finished as well
creamy caramel what do you think huh
that's pretty cool actually and it's
also a good money weight saving trick
because look your hand actually can't
get in to get the money finished doing
all of the vacuuming so at least that's
done oh and now place is clear
finally finally clean clean ish anyways
and I put on another load of laundry
dopest is reorganizing his hoar entire
life
oh the ones you're actually doing
something with your life ever seen you
clean why don't you take example in your
life wow are you dusting set my duster
you dusting things mhm
duster Rooney so anyways why not layer
it was amazing compared to your room
anyways so I'm gonna actually grab all
the letter writing stuff from upstairs a
little under the jumper just like back
up into it so camellias asleep we're
trying to like keep her awake more in
like later on and as well as not later
on in the day really but you know what I
mean like
later in the afternoon I should say so
that she will sleep late okay
order he's been getting their doesn't
that look nice and neat you're getting
there slowly um
this is tiny bag just the boxes so I can
actually some look I haven't open these
yet you wanna see what go runs looked
like sketch go
nice look at that that's so awesome are
they
cuz they're like my no nice right here
somewhere
they're like the go walks look there's
it go walk and there's a go run they're
similar and they oh should I walk or
should I run either way I'm gonna go
there so anyway I went to the box
because shoe boxes are quite handy you
can actually go to youtube.com for store
activate and you can pair your this is
one of these samsung Smart TVs and you
can pair your account isn't that so cool
huh buck is Judy and there's us but it's
not so cool though you can actually pair
your actual channel thing with the
laptop selecting is actually nothing
connected to it it's not jelly prevented
internet a genius and we are done
what are we racking guys huh woo so we
have the viewing seeking area here for
the dogs and wives and stuff got the mic
plugged in here got the piano with the
Cubase will instruct into that with Pro
Tools honey we've got the MacBook and
then the keyboard and mouse because that
has plugged into this over here and then
the amplifier running sure the speakers
and all the stuffs and like it's like
almost like hey go free there's like
nothing that what I'm waiting to get is
them I will do this sort of a it kind of
sits like this it's like a little kind
of I don't have to explain it but it's
kind of neat because it kind of props
yeah the MacBook up at an angle cuz I
kind of know most people like you plug
them in this way but um I took a better
day but I must say it is looking good
I'm looking back here
oh yeah yeah that is way better much
better use of space I think anyway gonna
be so productive oh my goodness and if
not I'll just change all around again
dinnertime fish chips peas and sauce
fish chips peas and so it's kind of
lonely fish chickpeas and sauce we also
had some time besties 50 stars
oh nice the last few days have you feel
like no you know you got really cold
some I think it's because I was wearing
shorts like a fool yeah I was wearing
shorts for a few days
we hoped it what you up to
I've been there all of you so much as
count I didn't spend too much time here
today did I
melius watching Glee she's so focal Ike
votes just realized that neither of love
ever watched an episode of Glee and it's
completely different everyone's changed
everyone's different what happened what
happened huh
what happened where everyone go huh
Hey hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
