okay there's a huge spider here are you
serious
Johnson are actually serious I'm
actually serious
oh isn't that so cute I just made that
I'm gonna put that up on Facebook later
on and Instagram and everywhere I can
possibly upload that to my little
munchkin we're all having a fun time in
here huh yeah good dogs
hi Amelia hi LV Cox good doggies you're
all gonna get a wishy-washys the dear
dress house where's you 10 look at it go
- dear Russell's what is dad up to he's
taken forever
he's taken forever it's actually quite
nice today
look at those skies huh huh yeah that's
way better than yesterday yes it is so
horrible and rainy today he is making up
for it huh today is making up for it
guys look at the delivery huh
chivalry Siobhan you should change her
name to Siobhan shiver me timbers party
hey you guys gonna have a party with
your baby
she's gonna have a party yeah yeah it's
gonna so cute when we connect you you're
gonna be good for nature yeah yang cap
come on now
Sonne opening your Christmas present
jars is in the p.o box while he's not
actually in side of the butyl box but
you know what I mean it's been like so
long since we've actually been into the
peel box it's been I think over is it
over two weeks and I think it's been
over two weeks now which is pretty bad
um because there was Christmas and then
maybe it's even three weeks
that's not jovis unless Rufus grew like
October you know when you look over
expecting disease oh and then you see
somebody completely different and it
kind of gives you a initial shock this
like seven foot or eight foot tall guy
like there's like a billion letters
probably Christmas cards enough Oh
Amelia is playing with her little dolly
I can hear it back there
you love your dolly she's probably
hungry now actually because she's due
for a feed now oh my goodness look at my
hair it's like mint
yeah but mine's all shaken up looking at
media's there
Oh fire thing right battleships that's
what we need
so would you say four boxes and for
hemorrhoids okay well here's 50 mm looks
checking to get fit them all in this way
two boxes and that is small so I said
okay so he could get simple round goes
wrong do you think because did man knows
some of yeah the on the Starbucks yeah
okay I just feel like to be on the safe
side we should get them what do you find
that and they're not using for something
else no I never bought before and then
did you get the labels no I think 252
suffice I can't believe is looking in
between yeah it's stupid cuz they're too
small I feel a little we don't have a
need for here Thank You bigger than you
it's cute look at this isn't that
incredibly accurate
that's amazing looking isn't that nice
hat huh nice clippers well he's in so
cozy does she
yeah it's amazing drawing in bad stuffs
and like a bajillion cards you're ending
somewhere got a hat I'll write the
chords Oh Oh rough night yeah rough
night
Java rough night there's so much stuff
there's too much destroy everything eyes
but thank you so much for anyone at
scent stuff we really appreciate it
you are awesome we'll do a haul
oh yeah look what else happened see that
what else happened somebody actually
went and printed that all our Instagram
or not all our Instagram but tons the
Instagram pics remember eyes asking for
a just where you can actually get that
done and laxmi a cup and a framed
picture that was in the hospital we just
had a media so thank you so much my
present video thingy I don't even know
what I'm gonna call it but presents from
you guys video and it's like 24 minutes
why well you said you were clearing off
that thing so that I could edit remember
yeah I can't find the operating system
did they don't have a windows 7 disc
they could just send me your horribly
lit right now I know sorry you'll be
glad to know that I have three four four
packages wrapped for the giveaway the
Christmas giveaway and I have
have we bought wrapping paper for you
guys saw that for all the bigger things
so I'm gonna do those hopefully you get
everything wrapped get all the cards
written and sign and everything by
tonight and then tomorrow hopefully we
can send at least some of them out I
hope you guys like the presents video I
really I know it's so like controversial
that's why I hate I hate doing anything
controversial
I hate bring drama or a negativity or
anything I thought into anybody's life
so that's why we just like didn't do it
for ages but I just figured you know
what it's not firing the people that
send stuff and like you know it's not
even like people send stuff to get it
featured on the vlogs that's not even
how it is it's just like as a thank you
to you guys that send stuff I feel like
we owe it to you to show it or something
you know what I mean like and just to
say you verbally say thank you because
it's all it's I don't know it's all well
good like sending a tweet or being like
thanks so much or whatever and like a
generic tweet but it's just not the same
is it so hope you guys enjoy if they go
well I'll continue doing them but if
they get too much like negativity and
stuff then I probably won't get that
poop shovel head up done see if you know
what this is listen he's so happy looks
amazing what did you do oh I'll be in
the cage oh oh or you've been bald
outing
oh we got blue boys oh you did you took
all the dresses off yeah
nice if you got a light blue bow for the
little boy there's Nevaeh faint of a
home sweet girl
there's someone behind me surely there's
somebody watching me yeah yeah evil I
see it or Oh golly
yes your mother they got yellow and blue
today the baby girl is gone yellow baby
boy got blue baby blue big boy got blue
dark 12 yeah and big girl got what did
she get red pink or red well pink no I
think it's being happy and we got to
cook different today yeah we got kind of
like a teddy bear cuz I like Nevaeh's
Cora knew ya Nevaeh's cut last time she
was like she had to do cuz she's all
matted rise like get rid of all the side
skirts the skirt because professionally
like they're supposed to be like
deirdre always custom like a
professional like maltese caught but
then we're like you know what cuz
they're kind of like that show dogs or
anything and they're they're just
running around the garden and stuff like
that and it's kind of muddy as well
sometimes like just get rid of all the
skirts so she got rid of all of their
skirts so now they have shorts um so
they kind of have like a teddy bear cut
it's kind of the same all round like if
there's no longer pieces and actually it
really suits Sina and she agreed that
Cena has gotten a little bit chubby what
she's not chubby but like she's got
a little bit fat and but she thought it
suited her actually because she got
really scrawny after she had had the
pups like to the point where I was like
okay is she like even may see a titter
yeah and she was eating like tons
because she was always hungry because
she was feeding them so nicked over the
Skechers Skechers and i got another pair
but now i got go run so i have two pairs
of go off and a pair of gold ones afraid
when i get home right
yeah but like okay it's an actual Peppa
Pig adventure rocketship huh
Vegas actually shift to the new room you
want to go for it just to the moon I
think I might be forcing another novel
it sounds really horrible
you may be wondering yourself what
gobbledygook is this man talking that's
Irish right cha-cha Jeremiah she's kinda
hot hey hottie all right that's de trone
this time to dethrone the tree oh I
remember putting this up I had a little
helper so I'm kind of hoping my little
helper is gonna come hi or you are you
gonna help me you gonna help me with the
tree no no okay
should probably unplug it or turn it off
first what are you doing did you want
this yes I'm sorry this was put in oh we
gave Eric all her love stuff thank you
I love them I can smell it off it can
you smell it on my hand this is the only
fun part
try not to like to kill yourself you
know what I will try nothing there's no
guarantee in that you just watch that a
lot look there
okay there's a huge spider here are you
serious Johnson are actually serious
actually serious I thought he threw a
spider out they look like spiders know
that so there isn't any spider it's all
the web it's all they remember the black
stuff that was on it oh yeah yeah oh my
god I actually thought you were talking
it's quite nice nice nice noise this is
going to make a mess of everything
I'm a detached yeah no I can't see I am
yeah alright okay make a mess I hate to
be the one I have to vacuum on edge okay
try to kill me oh wait there's the
decoration on it what I'm trying to plug
it off I can't pull it off
no like guys and I can't pull it off hi
oh Jesus
okay I try not to kill me okay I'm
stepping on things are just water
dripping down my back
this torch is so bad mine is way better
come closer
this is that we disposed of Christmas
trees in Ireland you got a big one
that says this is not the way to the
wall no Jonathan you can't go to there
oh okay I don't know what I'm stepping
on I forgot some words to say
Christmassy you've been a great friend
everybody ready okay I'm not gonna get
it hoorah after trying I won't be able
to get here which is all I can look like
this I kind of can try to kill me oh
nice she's perfect we're so cute
uh-oh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
