reading see everything that you're gonna
face yeah I know this milk cake dad's
milk is weird
hello princess Samia hi hi it's mommy
all your gonna sneeze uh-huh you gonna
sneeze I sneezed and sneezy ah who's a
good girl you're gonna meet your uncle
Stefano oh yeah how your auntie Carolyn
it's gonna be so much fun we're picking
them up from the airport today I can't
wait I haven't seen my brother since
Italy since we were at my cousin's
wedding
yeah I haven't seen my other brother
though your uncle Francesco I haven't
seen him and since our wedding that's
crazy but I never see him as much
because he was in the States
but we will make the trip over to visit
them um we definitely will cuz I really
want her to meet her Oh God's not right
but today we're gonna meet uncle Stefano
it's gonna be so much fun I think um
because my kiss Emilia has two first
cousins Matthew and Sophia who are my
older brothers my oldest brother's kids
and they call Stefano do which is uncle
in Italian like I call my uncle zio Tony
no and like they call him things they
just call him deal yeah so I don't know
what's definitely want to be called but
like I don't know
should I call him the D or should I call
maybe deal I don't know I suppose that
probably would make it different from
like her uncle on her dad's side we'll
see we'll see what we'll call him
whatever he wants to be called probably
who's that Amelia she is so entertained
by herself oh my god it's so funny
who's that pretty girl ah that's the
prettiest girl
first ah who is it who is it
Hey she is so entertained by herself
with so funny she loves saying good
morning to herself in the morning even
though it's not morning it's like later
well it's early afternoon because the
dogs kept us up so late last night it
was so bad hi you think that's funny
yeah we're trying to teach Amelia how to
hold her teething toy and put it in her
mouth it was just in the fridge for ages
and yes it is a cupcake actually
somebody sent us those those so cute and
it's a teething toy which is a cupcake
we have a pink one is all but this has
just been in the fridge so you want to
give that to yourself because she likes
how it feels in her mouth but she
doesn't understand exactly how she how
to hold it and yeah good girl good girl
that's it oh we got mommy's hair all
over you ah good girl
see you're putting something in your own
mouth she's writing it in Italian we
will provide a check Ehlinger Dino she
is so cute I don't mind watching the
Italian one cuz I would like her to
learn Italian so this is pretty cool huh
don't you see what you're doing like
what I used to do I used to watch um
merci
in Italian I was deputy technology and
oh I used to have a few Italian books I
didn't watch a lot of TV as a kid but
especially when you're in Italy but
Smurfs you poufy that's what I used to
watch mommy
ballerina girl your mom should never
sing again she does can't do it but I
can't remember the words of my favorite
song follow Reena girl why does it go
you are so beautiful to me no way you'll
ruin it I think that's how it goes I use
for my favourite song but I can't
remember the word in there yeah what are
you doing you're supposed to be putting
them on it for P P P P that's I wanna
mean you have to be there sighs OH
get outside brat brat Seenu new Bratz a
nooner she is such a broad look at this
you talking to nothing
oh my god it so cute she's like she
looking straight at her Hey hi papa
hi Peppa oh my beautiful weather hey
Stefan welcome to Ireland yeah
I know this is so juvenile which ever
hear of v8 in the car park
oh my god
v8 is like the most beautiful sound in
the world ever created by a human being
considering human being didn't even
create the sound
she's something beautiful it's not like
I'm going to eat your children my boy
boy
don't think you appreciate news dear why
exactly exactly
waste on you in an airport I love here
let's go
the first floor yeah the reigning in
here as well
no no look there's any number of plates
in huh look one three one
it's so cool and then you got one three
two after six months it's kind of
cooling that one tree one
yeah you think okay Melia while you're
asleep we'll look at it so cool that's
actually the official like layer of cork
city it's pretty much what it looks like
in Oricon maps you know in airports
usually have the city that's it
essentially if that's our hands we're
going laid off very rarely actually have
coffee roasters in a compact Roasters
coffee yeah cuz they actually have a
little booth in the airport I did not
know that rose dance so we're just
waiting here first life you know so late
geez those prisons are sure slow in
their planes it's at the flight leaving
I am chem past which is like nine
minutes past now so I reckon what ten
minutes to get off the plane get the
luggage logic died without plus when we
see it in common we're gonna take Amelia
ever of this thing look at a quickly
wake her up take her out this is the
first time meeting her and it's like you
don't to waste like the cheese all
dressed as a ballerina you won't have
the same effect look you wouldn't
realize she was a ballerina if you just
saw her like that like is she talking
about Alena have you been waiting for no
no no about two hours now again
you know we came like 15 minutes ago
okay yeah thank you very good as well
to
Mesa man it wasn't yours I figured out
that I'm in because you know it's fine
many great-grandchildren does oma have
great oh great its righteous on one
great she has ten Scranton branch of
what happened here huh
what happened here what happened here
what happened here huh Andy's gonna
change it okay all right you changed you
haven't been there
hey Passover Doritos Oh score three toes
for everybody we spray go home we've
been here like all day hmm it's an
icebox was its head that's actually for
me tumbler here 15 I missed your
birthday to this Elgin over my birthday
yes so cute man yeah boy that's so bad I
didn't feel that way oh the whole
evening internship me I didn't so
unfortunately the babysitter is um is
being charged right now the babysitter
died okay that was unfortunate mom the
babysitter died what was that called mom
the babysitter or help the babysitter I
don't know it was some movie ooh nice
lamp lady everyone's getting the brush
out and what's getting a brush out huh
he's so funny thanks mom thanks mom
mr. Taylor where's Alby his hospital
over there at the door yeah he's hiding
can we
here you lads I am fairly excited to get
me my hair done
Levi sounds a bit different I knew
weasel it's like look at her cheering up
what their next meal mmm he loves the
attention
Tio's a touch huh we learned something
today was named in a book I know but it
was Nicky Nicky Philip I was talking
about em the love language and we
realized we had an epiphany right
because oh my god okay I need a broken
thing you may uh her boyfriend her
husband making your dan the man oh how
did you know his name was Dan I listened
to your video sometimes anyways yeah um
she was like he's a Tosh I can so am I
my love language is touch but Anna's
love language is words
hey so Anna likes words yeah and I like
to be touched
so I've ever seen me in the street klore
touch me okay talk to Anna she likes the
words but I like to be touched like tell
Anna that you love her tell her that you
love you but what hold me yeah yeah so
leave me a comment if you ever noticed
that and or just notice it think about
it like you know because I'm always like
ah no we touchy and I like hugs and
stuff hugs me more to me like saying I
love you and stuff it's like to me it's
like whatever they're just words you
know but to me like it's about the
hugging and touching and stuff you know
for you it's like you hate hugging me
and touching me I dunno I just I don't
like public displays of affection well
no we never do that
I'm like not possible
all right you Amenia says he loves you
he loves you what what the secrets huh
meet Alan secrets he talent secrets
oh wait Alan secrets huh yeah hey all
done is that seenu's your time I'll be
boo no me a super cranky
cuz the whole schedule for today being
thrown off coming here no cheese Khafre
already doing I think she might fault my
yeah maybe she leave her in the car seat
oh yes it is a better chance of
everybody gone magnifique just rock it
put her get a real bunch of Christ
like that she's not even drinking you're
John
ready
see me thinking that you get her face
she like doesn't realize she's kind of
like yeah I know this milk cake dad's
milk is weird
dad's milk is weird we need to get her a
little beaker we give her some oh what a
day huh oh if you got a scratch in her
head
hey and I how could you do that how did
you do that hmm
what a long day huh poor Amelia's whole
schedule day has been ruined ah she's so
grumpy because it's like normally you
know what she does and her nap times and
everything and today was so disrupted
for everybody huh it's okay you won't
you back to normal tomorrow but the day
after that it'll be back to normal okay
okay promises huh doggies as well
because they were left on their own for
a while
that's ghosty p's let's go sleep right
here you and me
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be ah
