what do three you need to lose a total
of thirty pounds
somebody fell asleep watching Peppa Pig
mm-hmm you here with your little friends
hi Amelia my she fell asleep watching
Peppa Pig again sorry I look scary
do you ever sometimes catch yourself him
and you're like Jesus woman put on some
makeup you know terrible that's what I
thought when I passed myself in the
mirror just now isn't that right thank
God you don't think that way you just
see me as mom whether I have makeup on
or not she doesn't care she just knows
that they say I hope she knows I'm the
same person or maybe she has like ugly
mom and pretty moms we're thinking of
possibly getting a dog walker guys
because I feel like I feel like you know
if we just had if we just had the two
dogs it would be like 20 minutes 30
minutes whatever and it will be done
like in no time but because there's six
of them I have to do I have to like
allocate a full hour every single day to
doing that which is fine sometimes but
then if I do that what I find is that I
get hardly anything else done if that
makes sense like you know so I was kind
of in two minds about it and I was like
well we're either I said it Jonathan
yesterday I was like I either need to
get a cleaner or a dog walker because I
can't do both like something always
suffers like I have to look after Amelia
that's like my number-one priority
obviously I also have to film videos for
the style diet you know like that's my
job
so I and I wanted to do that it's like
not only is it my job but it's also like
it's my little something that I have for
myself you know what I mean like it's
it's a hobby as well as a job so I like
doing that I don't want to give that up
obviously so that's a priority too and
then I like
cleaning look I don't really mind it you
know but it is a pretty big house to
clean and obviously because of the dogs
and everything but even so like even if
it were like one dog or two dogs it
would be the same type of maintenance
like you know we need to vacuum every
day or whatever but I don't really mind
cleaning like I kind of enjoy it like I
don't mind it at all but if I walk the
dogs I know this sounds ridiculous
because it's like only an hour you're
thinking like what the hell is wrong
with you why can't you have I don't know
where are the hours in the day go
honestly when you're looking after a
baby and you're feeding every however
many hours the time just slips away from
you I don't I don't even I tried to come
up with schedules and plans and all this
kind of stuff but it's just not working
like something is not working you know
for years it's like no no no this time
that's why I like I said right I'm gonna
clean shave right and I'm gonna start
the process now because when you clean
shave you look your worst in anyway
because you can see how big fat Chin's
you are and you know so I'm like now I
know what I look like
I'm not going to shave or cut my hair
and eating like that until I am like to
a desired weight so I'll be like and
then when I get when I finally get there
then I'll have a shave and cut my hair
itself and I'd be like oh pretty good so
the goal is you don't know what weight
to say yeah cuz we don't I mean I don't
really know you never really weighed
yourself before anyways yeah okay so
right now so we're just gonna do BMI
we're just gonna go by BMI you ready for
the moment of truth Kofi
okay you need to lose I'm sorry my work
out process what June 3
you need to lose a total of thirty
pounds to get to the perfect BMI 30
pounds 30 pounds overweight
29:10 actually cuz you're only 184 it's
not really I'm getting 24 pounds with
the media I know can use like 10 pounds
a month ten pounds and one yeah you're a
man so you probably will it seems like a
lot though
well it's to Amelia I calculate a net
jeez quite a lot do you think it's time
I actually really do it you know it's
like I really want to make I want it I'd
be kind of at home just for the last few
months of an Alec I have been kind of
doing stuff you know but nothing -
really - eh I feel better you know and
I've seen as I'm making a sort of other
commitments you know with this whole
music e stuff you know it's like why
don't I just implement these changes as
well you know and I was kind of gonna do
it before Christmas and stuff and then I
was like oh I just can't cuz I I can't
start something on like a Wednesday I
have to start things on like a Monday
you know and no better Monday well I was
like you jeez a than New Year's you know
2013 like you know I keep saying it and
then kind of half doing it and then sort
of tell yourself that's probably enough
and like I'll do it tomorrow and not you
know committing to it and then not like
actually realizing it either like I
can't believe that I got shipped at
least like thirty pounds I'm like but
where you know I never thought it was
like that bad you know but that's kind
of like you gotta just I suppose face
the reality I know maybe it's just
I am like I'm 33 in two months and maybe
that's just how happens when he hit like
attorneys you're still living like you
mean your 20s and then you have to kind
of like realize that you're no longer in
your twenties like you're in your
thirties now and it's like you gotta
just sort of like I don't know like set
up a pension all right sure but you know
I mean like you gotta like you start
doing some exercise and it's like you
know ever since leave in college like oh
yeah you know when I when I when I you
know do this then I'll then I'll sort
that itself and I'll sort that and
something I can't push back I'll do
career near like Brittany career career
career career and you're like hobby huh
baby occur and then you're like whoa
whoa whoa wait is this money here that
keeps getting pushed to the side when
you got it out or like I don't know I
don't know so I suppose
besides really like take it seriously
you know like woody do something about
it you know um oh boy oh wait do it like
I hope I actually commit to it you know
I'm taking on a lot of new tasks this
year but I find it easier that way I
don't know I just find it easier to like
take on like closing your stuff rather
than like half a new thing you know I
don't know oh yeah I'll do it 155 155
thank you No
I know this seems like such a la 155 so
I finally put on some makeup I'm sorry
it took me so long I'm actually trying
out a new foundation it's the Chanel
perfection Lumiere I think I got a
sample ages ago and I never got a chance
to try it out but I think might be a
little bit yellow I'm not sure let me
know what you think my lips looks like
crazy right now cuz I don't have
anything on them and there's like party
foundation on them so that it goes well
it's like a lot yes I like this two-tone
effect you see one is in darkness and
one that's been late great have a great
different I should hate anyone who wants
to join on this little thing that we're
doing here at casual just we're gonna
start after lunch okay
we're just gonna have a quick chicken
burger okay tea chicken burgers okay and
some tasty mozzarella cheese but that's
it that's it
are you kidding no the last like two
months or so I've been working on my
diet and stuff and I have lost about ten
pounds you may have noticed I have lost
my damn hands which is pretty I stay
happy by like organizing my diet so I
have my diet fine-tuned I'm actually
losing weight every day by doing my diet
but now it's like if I really want to do
this which I'm estimating it's gonna
take me about three months but you be in
time for this summary you know cuz like
bitch is gonna be jealous of Jody's body
that's the new hashtag I've just created
bitches be jealous of Java's body mm-hm
it just could be jealous of your body -
mm-hmm in me calm
be honest with me after lunch all right
starting after lunch lunch is done step
one admit it hello my name is Jonathan
Patrick Christopher Ciccone Joley
I am overweight but I'm going to do
something about it dear future jofi if
you're watching this video and three
months on I'm gonna say about three
months time well done well done dear fat
so lazy failure Jovi sitting on the
couch munching the food
what's your tone what are you doing to
me man any future is supposed to make me
feel better
you mean comment here on this just you
don't have to you don't have to admit
your way if you want it hey step 1
admit this I just did on Twitter look
step 1 I admitted it and um let's do
this together no gimmicks no juice
passes nice hair I'm gonna lose the baby
weight means you should gain baby weight
and I'll lose baby weight and we'll meet
up in nine months time you have a baby
and I'll lose a baby that's my question
to you because one person I think one
person has an M I think gotten played
yeah yeah the headphones so I'm like
whee give me someone else I like it I
like it
you know I like I you find you more
attractive now no you're a bearded lady
I like it it's too dark it is too dark
that's why I haven't started yet because
it's too dark no seriously when it gets
summer I'm gonna do this for real
no you know princess you know princess
how are you
you have a nice nose did you have a nice
snooze that is actually filled with
smoke
I blew it out but it didn't seem to be
going out so I was like I'll put this
lid on mcLaughlin
oh my goodness this candle is so smoky I
just blew it out but it just it just
doesn't seem to be a going away I'll put
a lid on all of the pups look how
excited these two are we brought two
little travelers sorry your your days
been disrupted I think they actually
kind of like yeah I know yeah this is
business rather inconvenient zucchini
huh where is it ally what are you
looking for look at them okay alby's
over it obviously excited he done oh my
god Tina has gotten so big we're
actually going like the gym I'd ever
seen it was pregnant again seriously she
has put on so much weight and she's way
bigger than she used to be maybe it's
like after neutering they put on weight
or maybe somebody
in there before we neutered her it's
been a while since you've had cream okay
mom and dad they're kind of mean yeah
yeah
no I don't need a script actually I just
needed waiters have some mince pies and
please are you talking to
are you talking to who who are you
talking to
well he talked you did know you think
about the mo Miami Miami actually looks
really cool though you should do your
hair like that
lovely profile robotics
go peepees
go peepee Sina go peepees we go see me
come on it's girlfriend see meanie
meanie Oh looking fancy there look
there's little flowers hi Cena do you
remember me me hmm hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
