happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Amelia morning again my little
friend come on mister you don't want to
miss the school bus
I used to say that to you when you were
a baby
good morning friends and this is my
little five-year-old huh happy birthday
baby yes here did they ever
I had this present and now I'm gonna get
mommy and daddy's friends yeah yeah it's
a part of you today New York party
presence I don't know you know what it's
all downstairs in your place on the
table waiting for you so we have to get
up for school just a little bit earlier
today I did just man that's my new face
Hey we have to get up just a little bit
earlier today we have enough time to
open all of our presents before school
no we're opening one present isn't that
the deal because you've never had a
birthday on a school day before no how
much fun is that like even we in school
today
but all of your friends a castle
you wake up the first thing you think of
is building it worried you've anything
to say to your sister happy birthday I
invited water yes yeah did you say happy
birthday to me huh
did you say every birthday come on you
have to wait media come this way that's
forbidden forbidden he's come sit here
now you just sit here you have to wait
to be called okay whatever is good may I
have the birthday girl please come on
come on weirdo you ready wait right here
Eduardo what are you coming first
everyone's gonna say ready happy
birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Amelia happy birthday to you
hip-hip hey bright candles
you're officially five school now you
may pick one present before school
choose wisely do you want to choose this
one cheaper which is this one
don't worry though that's not how it
works which one you Amelia
the biggest one anything you want today
mister what do you want anything in the
world okay Kate what is it a media right
what
isn't that what you got and you were so
excited about you have to see the list
oh my goodness Amelia did you get all
the lol dolls in the world is that the
best present oh sorry these old big
sisters then yeah if I see their net one
it might be 45 she's I know going to
school with a cake going just go in a
cake open it Armenia grandma knitted
that for you unless yeah we brought the
whole thing let's go to school immediate
first time in school is a five year old
just singing in the rain
what I told you I said I'm running for
it I gave you an umbrella
I gave you an umbrella it wouldn't work
what yeah
so you're telling her couple of hours
later
guardo has been brought home while ago
she's had nice naps and we are about to
go and collect Amelia from school to see
us
you are so good he is so good at keeping
her happy
he's like a professional baby
entertainer are you ready to go collect
Amelia
wardo you gonna sing her happy birthday
my haunted dog likes to wake up in the
night very funny mr. so Amelia's home
from school on her birthday
what's it good in school on your
birthday telling everything that
happened well did you eat your chocolate
cake yes
did you eat chocolate cake in school did
they sing happy birthday do yeah yeah
and they put a big poster in the
playground in the window it's an happy
5th birthday Amelia your dear old
immediate the oldest child in her year
whoa right well anyway we want to open
the presents oh my goodness it means
more what to me you can put them in the
box especially made one alright open the
next present what is it Oh
glosses Oh Amelia candid why do you want
to help Eduardo corner Eduardo I mean
yeah pick one for Dwyer to open because
he's getting upset oh that's handy
okay oh my goodness what could it be
oh that has a big sticker on it
daddy put a sticker look at that one Mia
what do you say to mommy and daddy now
you may open the rest of the eggs
Wowz it's closed but look at this Tom
now I made it's so nice I unfortunately
do not make that I did have me look I
did actually have me in the original
ones that I made look me in the corner
there but I just thought that just looks
too crowded right it just looks a bit
too crowded I didn't have look I did
just I did I wasn't actually blocking
the dwyer as he pulled it over there and
then bill me into the corner I just saw
I don't know does that look to you
crowded or not I can't decide I can't
decide but I think I'll deal without me
in it
oh no no leave me comments put it boys
yesterday oh no good to know I have like
a group chat would like a few to gain
from gleam and Hannah it's over that
whenever I can't decide on Tommy I like
dropping my options in there and be like
which one should I use your target is
Alessia it is 10:00 to 6:00 I need to
make a decision about toenail oh well I
be in as well and not if I'm not Anna
it's kind of like a big girls party but
um I am in uh there's a too overcrowded
I don't know what do you think couple of
hours since there you've gone home and
everything
as you can see the lol dolls are
everywhere look at his little paw Patrol
oh my Guinness ters lol dolls everywhere
alright but no that's not all
are you ready lol central in here oh my
goodness I know we're not done yet we're
not done yet
look at this
and there's still also two more eggs in
there tim-mah two more to go guys oh
that's very nice oh my goodness there's
nothing in the oh wait you mean crack it
pull it
you pull that tight yeah what is it huh
oh my goodness like what another lol
dollar box hold on
we there's 45 to collect guys we only
have 7 7 of them is all this and right
out into out
go I'm opening it I'm opening it
so it's late in the night and Amelia's
just go to bed now did you have a fun
birthday Amelia did you have a convict
birthday yeah oh we're such best friends
you and I yeah well I'm going to the
seat to see if I can find myself a shell
yeah it's like a crew station do you
know to crustaceans period yeah yeah me
too maybe we could do story for later
desperate for you guys Oh what it is
daddy makeup so many things that he does
sometimes yeah they're the funnest okay
come on okay
Oh one time every always planning but
hold on did you have a good fifth
birthday would you say it's in the top
five birthdays so far I don't really
know top ten
oh definitely in the top ten not sure
about top five and he took top five what
you say it was the best hmm watch let's
start a story okay okay bye guys okay we
here we go industry
