yeah yeah is it over No
how can New Year guys it's 2013 and
Amelia has found a new friend
uh-huh her name is princess look on her
princess oh your boob says princess -
that's ten or twenty but yeah she likes
that Lamaze princess that she got from
one of our friends
so this is our planner calendar for 2013
I put it up last night so I was so
excited about it it's one of those like
mum what is it called
he's calling mums planner or mum's
family calendars than I thought and I
put that up you guys saw last night
we're at broke and then I put up my -
cupcake calendars upstairs and I think
that's it we don't have one in the
bathroom this year anything I thought
yeah no so I did a little bit of
cleaning yesterday but I didn't get
everything done that I needed to get
done so because like I said my brother
and his girlfriend are coming so I'm
just trying to kind of clean up the
house so that it's nice for when they
come here so I think I stopped like here
yesterday I got as far as here didn't
get to you okay I'm getting a bit
frustrated with your princess so I got
as far as their with all the dust day
and then I I stopped because it got
really late so I'm gonna finish that off
now I have to be honest with you guys
I'm terrified scared excited and two's
venture a little little about putting up
today's video I deleted that part about
my Oban life and so I deleted that and
as I was like no oh yeah you like just
do it it's like you know you guys commit
to something you're like all I want to
go through this you know and then you
fail and you flatly fail on your face
and it all go wrong well when you're in
a position where your life is sort of on
display
I will dramatically fail in front of
everybody I won't just like quietly fail
to myself and think oh darn it I guess I
fail it'll be like catastrophic ly
exactly in front of the world and like
I'm a big believer that in order to you
know stay sharp and stay young you know
it's important to constantly challenge
yourself and to constantly better
yourself to always always be learning
and improving you know and I did that in
Terezin States women's college and I
followed true I did I did music for like
two years along with a graphic design
and media and stuff and then a head of
those I chose 3d animation to specialize
in then I went in 3d animation and then
I did a bit of film and record and then
I worked in studios and blah blah blah
blah blah and then I felt like I kind of
I wanted a new challenge now and this is
like just terrifying me because I've
wanted to do this for so long with music
and stuff and you know I'm just I
actually I'll be honest with you guys
like I am terrified like I I am so
nervous about what this is going to
entail I don't know how this is going to
work I don't know if it's gonna work I'm
just like but I'm willing to give it a
go you know I'm willing to try it
because you don't try it sure what's the
point then you know it's never it's
never gonna happen like I'd rather I'd
rather try and fail then em try and not
and you know not try at all and then
never know if I failed or not you know
Nina wait make good blogs she made it by
exciting adventure huh what do you think
oh so step one of this new challenge
this new life of mine I need to in order
to do this I need to implement very
strict rules in order for me to I need
to work on this app at least five hours
a day every day seven days a week I
gotta put in my five hours a day like
you know um of like you know crafting it
and working on itself and I'll show you
guys as much as I can you know what's
this
I think my users because they didn't
have the proper ones here and like
they're supposed to warms she let blue
- that means got bleaching or something
yeah Jovie clean immediate decided she
wanted to play on her play map look at
her she's just so obsessed with that
princess she loves her so she's just
gonna sit there I'm still cleaning I'm
just putting these were the Thanksgiving
like or like autumn kind of displacing
that we had I need to get some new ones
for the house but um if I can convince
jovis cuz he keeps being like yeah we
can get flowers and then every time it
comes down to it he's always like no
it's a waste of money I don't think we
should get flowers last so I'm gonna
force him to let me buy forever for that
vows right there the big tall one so and
this is our weather station that we got
from Joe fyssas mom and it's actually
kind of cool because it causes the
temperature but it's supposed to do the
inside on the outside one but it only
ever tells us the inside one so I don't
know how to get the outside one I might
need to read the instruction if he's
make me does younger brother he's a
lovely lad he's a gorgeous handsome bye
until you wash if you won't take my
second room hello my name is Joe Joe Joe
Joe FINA
let's be chicken ball lost so what do
you guys think I look like 10 they look
really young isn't it funny how you know
when you say to yourself like you know
I'm like I'm gonna do something you know
on New Year's Eve you know this is it
this is it and it's like boom it's the
first January 20 turn you like let's go
let's go do this
yeah and even the music just stops you
know but like nothing happens it doesn't
happen you know it's like you're gonna
do it do it you're like I'm gonna start
this a New Year's Day mine is this my
new year's resolution it's up and then
you wake up and do you're saying you're
just like how and then today I'll do
like 3 or 4 hours of work on the project
that's it
but it's gonna happen you know it's kind
of funny way that is you know that's
kind of like why I kind of want a fresh
start fresh face fresh start you know
yeah just to sort of change things up
and from so you probably can't really
tell but I clean the entire kitchen and
oh there's mess there cuz you just made
lunch but I I cleaned like everything I
clean is that microwave so it's all
sparkly happy oh my god you would not
believe what's on the top the roof of
your microwave it's so gross it's like
yeah I don't think I had ever even seen
that before like I know I've cleaned
like other microwaves like the like not
as fancy ones as ours on top but that
one just seems to get even worse it's
even harder to clean because it's all
kind of Chrome anyway so it was really
gross oh um oh my god these are so funny
look see this little sponge here they're
called sponge Olie yeah it's like Mamma
Mia what a nicest Bunch
what the
- voice of G Corp
hello how are you this is a very serious
business meeting hear me now don't fall
over
don't you fall over don't you love these
petrol stations or it's like it's all
automated you know even need to get out
of your car well you do need to get a
car but you don't have to go far oh my
goodness I got the key of KC's it's like
mental dad I'm not going in for KC's
right now
holy crap oh whoa holder's hey take
those lights down Christmas is over geez
Erica's birthday Erik and I are both 15
today do you know what this is because
Ricky didn't know Eva comments if you
know what that means
so I thought everybody knew what that
meant what Act you didn't so I need
comments you know yeah well obviously
you do he just said guess who picked
this I picked this just just for just so
everyone knows yes I did you Becker cuz
Jana was all like oh you discarded that
card and I was like Oh a special secret
messages in there special messages
messages are gonna make your years
better I got a little flirt where little
shushie's there freely you know but your
presenters I know that's not the point
oh my good I'm taking a back so I want
to wear them I want to have a what's
this one sitting in your back a juicy
bone I want a juicy bone there it's
actually for me and I had nothing to do
with it
with it you just wear the bag meaning
should put on our Juicy Couture shoes
and the tracksuit oh my goodness collar
juicy juicy Amelia look we're having
dinner guys oh my goodness how many
layers of pancakes we talking here
talk meter pancakes syrup
strawberries sugar and a whole lot of
goodness
that's what we're talking you want to
mean you do her no harm
oh you guys remember down from the
wedding doesn't she look like a media
where's the picture yeah this is the
media's cousin once-removed
this first cousin oh it's your brother's
kid look what do you think she'll side
by side sometimes in pictures I think
she looks like yeah just weird because I
think Sophie looks like her mom which is
yeah well Marianne
that's weird huh hi Oreo you watching
like we've got here we have a bit of a
situation
Oh Oh a bit of a situation
Oreo will you help will you will you
change Amelia for me please thanks baby
put some cream on your bum that's what
you do it wasn't it underneath the nappy
put fresh double whipped cream Oh is
there a buttons on the back yeah I have
not even noticed to be honnest oh did we
hmm
yeah yeah oh my god
yeah yeah yeah oh wow wow wow I haven't
so much my man Emma hey was it happening
hey what did happen what's gonna happen
what's your net profit laughs yeah is it
over no hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the sakuni Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
