she walks across that that's work that
was just to kill she wasn't sick the
lady and she have to get her true how
does she get there how'd she know where
all the beats me tango she's up for not
choosing per bite step
look at you she's so cute the huge
patent a little baby hello
never there huh yeah hi hi so cute yeah
well you're Nikki post you gotta tie in
there hi hey or do you just love how
much would you like to snuggle in here
would you like to snuggle in here well
Anna Shay when I love in one alone
killed and elendor motherland in leather
and a well Alicia happy I love you I
love you imagine he said I love you
Amelia
yeah I know look at Amelia's cute little
outfit Nevaeh huh
so this is the only thing that she has
that's three to six but is actually
fitting her big cuz we measured her last
or we measure her we weighed her last
night and she's 15 pounds that means she
has doubled her birth weight already and
she's only three months old well she's
almost four months she'll be four months
very soon
okay that's a cute outfit I stole your
bow Theodore don't you steal her socks
don't you steal her socks easy is she
kicking the dogs it's so funny I want to
take her little outfit picture because I
haven't done one of those in a while
that's right I was actually looking for
an Instagram throwback pictures of
myself and I don't we first met because
I got like millions of pictures in this
thing just the one that I had in that in
college in quark when I first moved here
so I was looking through it and I found
all these videos to entry and I was like
oh my god we should totally sneaking off
totes
stick them up goodnight she denied
totally dad so I just filmed my video
for the style I which was what immediate
off for Christmas and I feel like I
rambled so much in the beginning cuz I
just wanted to explain to people all
because jovis and I don't really like
agree well we don't really know what we
feel about the whole what I got for
Christmas video type thing like the
Christmas halls like I like watching
them um but then at the same time I
never ever want somebody to watch that
video and be like oh my god I feel so
bad about myself because I didn't get as
much or I don't know I just I don't like
or I don't like even people comparing I
don't know the whole thing is just a
little bit difficult because you don't
really ever know how you're gonna make
people feel with those kinds of videos
but I guess like halls so it's always
gonna be like that but I never want to
make anybody feel bad when they watch my
video and that's just how I feel it
right the whole thing so I didn't really
have as much of a problem those doing
like I mean he has one because it's not
like she got you know a ton of stuff
anyway she just she got like meaningful
nice gifts from everybody that you know
I just showed like my close family
members gifts I didn't even show like um
everything that she got because she got
some things like in the weeks before
Christmas and everything like
I don't know I don't and I also I don't
want people that know us to watch the
video and be like oh my god you didn't
show my gift like that is like I would
hate to think that somebody was offended
by that so it's always panic not
difficult but I maybe I just make it
more difficult than it actually is I
just make I just kind of overthink it
you know so since this is so me
Pete says what I'm having
don't tell me about the diet you're
planning I'm gonna eat it up cheese on
top I'm gonna have some water too and
make sure another day another load of
laundry this is actually clean I just
need to I just need to fold all of this
and then I have another pile right here
which needs to be taken down and washed
so that's what I'm time right now my
grandma's life so I just folded all of
our sheets
I don't iron our sheets don't judge me
I've never ironed an item in my home
tiger light that's the truth I've never
actually aren't anything before I just
don't iron and then if there's stuff
that needs to be ironed dofus does it
look it is we should ender bank into
miss Cora 2013 they replied they're like
we're hoping to all empty scene 17 and
23 I was gonna reply and say that is
that human years or dog here is would
not be so funny gasps he's become a
grown-up huh look we took we took it and
you're so big huh you fit in there
without this now yes does that be a
weird does it feel different would you
think of it like like Erica although
Erica's actually looks nice mine is just
like I found guards no it's not okay so
let's give them alright
might have been a bit too late today yes
this is the only con option
tomorrow peso panini
it's a funny isn't the everything's gone
if anyone asks we're at number two would
have been black line in front of it
oh that's a 12 on that side no yeah like
ways away the market oh you ain't gonna
sign Doge well you didn't get a toasted
one however my lemon no for dnews day
tomorrow the diet starts tomorrow like
it is isn't that so cool it was when I
was eating my pizza yesterday or today
I'm gonna put an Instagram actually took
it ages ago I'm just waiting for a
person this moment okay
so epic huh
what did you do what did you do look at
this
easier the greatest invention in the
world you got as a short stack they're
so cool
it's like everywhere you go is that you
never have to like you know already
about the hygiene of the place if you
just brought that in a match then right
are they amazing
so I accidentally twice this one right
here so now this one is like really full
and a cart and
such an idiot
and I was gonna start a nation of food
oh look at this traffic to get out of
this place oh oh look it's D been hums
whoo have you ever been to D been hums
OH
so some of you may or may not know that
I used to be in a band years ago if not
here's a quick recap
all right
yeah that was me
so essentially my it's not so much a
resolution but I feel like in 2013 I
just like to go in like a musical
journey been dabbling by making it you
know
intro pieces and stuff like that and
then I was like can I like I miss like
doing stuff with music you know I was
like and every time I do put a little
bits of music out because you're always
like oh my god it's really cool where
can we get that not something I was like
what if I like you know tried like Anna
I'm a musical journey adventure huh you
ever know where it's gonna lead us to so
in 2013 that is my my goal my my
adventure my journey for 2013 you know
but goes to how I plan it'll be really
cool and this time next year we got to
look back at this like right now I'm
like zero you know and I'm like let's
see how far I can get in one year you
know let's see if I can write a couple
of good Tunes you know maybe get a few
music videos out there you know maybe
put a few songs out there yeah that's um
that's my plan for 2013 hope you guys
like it whereas if encouragement would
be appreciated below that's it
and I broke the calendar wait wait fix
it off we weren't enjoying the
festivities but there's a commercial
break at the moment dirty old town dirty
old town
I met meelo down the best words fog nice
moves
she she she walks up cross that that's
work that Jews dress to kill she was
like the lady and she had to get her
true how did she get there how did she
know what all the beats of each tango
she's up for tonight
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
