so today is a laundry day it's Sunday
and as you could tell I'm doing laundry
I just stripped the bed so last night
I'm gonna be I was teething again and it
was kind of bad this wasn't as bad as
the night before last but it was still I
thought it was going really well because
she fell asleep but then she woke up
instead of fussing and so I asked Joe
ffice to go and get some Cal Poly from
downstairs so I was gonna try my
sister-in-law told me that she sometimes
does that with her son who's one gives
him like the teeny tiny spoon of it like
a teeny tiny bit so jovis comes back up
he brought up the tea that as well the
little chamomile like sachet things he
brought up this stuff sanic odd gentle
effective constipation relief imagines
like because this was late at night like
we had kind of gone to sleep and then
woken up like in the middle of the night
again so we were already pretty sleepy
can you imagine if we gave Nutter all
flights are gonna be captured here I'm
gonna go in the flag right can be
multitasking here uploading wild playing
yeah we're just trying to join a go
peepees
get back into like a routine after
Christmas it's just like being crazy and
then with Amelia teething and everything
we've just been getting up super late
all the time which I hate I don't really
like that so the dogs have you been
walked in ages in a week how about it it
yep last time they walked with last
Sunday it's so bad look see
and look compared to up here huh monkeys
like almost every day so bad anyways so
I'm gonna walk them today defo for sure
because we need to be walked and they
enjoy it and then it's just trying to
get back into a routine out for
Christmas honestly it's just like
through us through wolf through us
through a loop sure yeah
I'm getting tired
oh she's back up are you gonna roll over
good girls it's not your toys there
didn't you yeah hi hi
there's a turtle in your way there's a
turtle in your way you gonna get him
Whoopi we do tell me I'll be where's
your toy where's your toy get your toys
good boy good boy you get your ice cream
those is Christmas prison good boy I'll
be good boy you take your toy away you
take your toy good boy oh you're gonna
run so cute I'm not putting you where we
chased you a few jokes
why not I've got a problem
double rainbow
oh no wait I catch this guy okay right I
happen to know where you're I'm gonna
stop talking now where is it where is my
shoe where where bed stop it there's a
lot of dog beds ah
these are you coming with bunny
rabbit what was your favorite song in
2012 today's know what it's because I
I think mine might have been at some
nights by fun I just think that was
probably the best song I had like
there's a couple other songs that I've
been singing over and over again you
know that I really liked but that's song
like I just think it's like a perfect
balance of harmony of quartet of music
of and the lyrics well like it you know
what actually this is lyrics they're
quite deep you know and I think it's
like it's like a perfect I love the
guy's voice as well like it's almost
like almost like Freddie Mercury you
know the falsetto and there I just
absolutely amazing so leave me a comment
what was your favorite song of 2012
Xena says she says we don't come here
that often you just go to Mountain
Pointe but um this is Blackpool
another big shopping complex in court
just massive this is where I am I think
it was all over the news remember that
elephant's escaped from the circus well
this is where he was hanging out this is
the first time she's actually played
with this thing her bright stars like
what would you even call this link
thingy it's not really a rattle it's
more like a they're like linked little
plastic toys but she was properly like
looking at it and interacting with it
and she was actually like holding it and
rattling it around and stuff it's the
first time she's really like done that
other than when it's hanging in front of
her and she'll like back at it but
that's really cool so she's kind of like
distracting herself while I fold laundry
because I needed to get this done static
how cute this is
yeah I was just falling asleep clutching
her toy
laundry's all put away and we've got the
sheets washing right now and now I'm
going to clean all the dog bowls and
just change their mats and things like
that
yo what up dog oh my god that was heavy
okay job done
all clean and refilled so now I'm going
to vacuum the whole downstairs cuz that
needs to be done and take off after and
my little friends daddy home I don't
think so guys I think you are a bit
excited for nothing and the vacuum
cleaner is blocked which means I'm gonna
have to ask Chavez to on blog if this is
the only one who can get that head off I
can't try it like whacking it and like
banging it and trying to squeeze it off
but I can't which sucks cuz this place
needs to be vacuumed so bad even though
don't facilitate I don't know where this
stuff comes from I think it's just the
dogs bring stuff in from inside but so
he's gonna have to do that for me when
he comes back which I thought he emptied
this yesterday so I don't know why it's
blocked again we have so much crap on
our floor I swear um so he's still out I
don't even know why maybe he's stuck in
traffic or something but why he's taking
so long I'm gonna have to wake her soon
cuz almost five so I'm gonna check thing
will break from Torrez and just like
catch up on some YouTube is there
somebody I feel kind of disheartened now
doesn't want a vacuum I like that
seriously if you're in Tesco do not ever
get that vacuum cleaner ever in your
life the tests go back to thinner
because it is totally crap and it
doesn't work at all and it always gets
black still don't buy it
this is the setup tree Bourbons tree
chocolate digestives copy tasty coffee
pine to order we just booked our and
Amelia hello to enemy ten-month-old you
know cuz you wanted to get one with a
pool for Amelia and it's is that it has
its own Beach isn't it
bingo yeah I think so actually private
beach lands whoo
there you are bringing millions I mean
let me a thank you a confirmation you
think but it's booked now lads there's
no going back
so the 6th of July to the 20th of July
nice so put it in your diary sixties
July 22 dry Sorrento vlogs oh yeah two
weeks you guys are gonna have fun yeah
let's not tell them I'm better yet I'm
gonna play a little song
that's right yeah come on come on come
on play your first note you're gonna do
some scales
huh
give me a rock star are you you know
like for you guys today is like the
Christmas Eve New Year's Eve you know so
for us it's like the day before New
Year's Eve so you know where I say there
is absolutely no point I'm starting to
diet today well start next year
who wants a beach party do you want to
fake a pizza party do you want a
pizza party join a frickin pizza party
give the bitch of our day cuz
I'm making pizza party huh
he wants a piece of party wants a pizza
party do you what if it's a party hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
