we make em from to our friends oh my god
this is getting x-rated lads
Oh petition tomorrow we will have a pet
competition the colors she likes we go
to school
alright all your pets are guys me my
sticking set I'll bring my Kiko I'm
going to bring lucky I'm going to bring
my dog to you reason I'll play my violin
play my job mommy plays the violin plays
the accordion
hey there's my cheese man you watching
as well Oh is she's so cute
oh my god you almost died yeah we just
got like pushed to the side by the wind
it was crazy it was actually pretty
scary it's worth trying to gear on
compete the cars ISM I think it's a PSA
I'm not sure which one it is but it's
got a computer on it that I'm just like
figures and stuff and drives for you so
if it was snowy or crazy rain or so you
can just turn it on
I've never turned on before but it's
just I going oh my god this is like two
and a half tons or something of a car
and I just like oh my god am I gonna
turn Ron he's like I was crazy
also we're super late super nova times
it is 26 minutes past 1:00 for time we
meet my point one okay so we need to go
back in time 26 minutes and get to town
and Amelia looks so cute right now
you should buy some of her you can't see
her but my name is Peppa Pig no I think
we should buy someone more Kida
oh yeah what you hit that he's got
Marlin though oh yeah oh yeah congrates
a traveler so Ruth's the truck which is
living like every country in the world
so I thought maybe she got her I think I
have one of those things again I keep
getting these like not to be disgusting
but like blood boogers you know the ones
that like this is gross but you know the
ones that just like actually super
attracted you fit in your map in your
mouth and your nose and they get hard
and then they like sting card a card cut
your your nose like the inside of your
nose it's really sore and I keep a head
on in this nostril for you videos spring
actually circle I actually can't thought
about that it's not bad and never have
one in this so sorry if that's TMI but
it's the truth
that's that's what's going on in my toga
right yeah got a finger up have a good
one yeah no see I got this oh my god
stop trying holiday no I think it I wait
for it to go away take an Instagram of
it oh my goodness this is gonna take a
while like every level is like full and
it's like we're all just like crawling
around the car park and it was now 22 to
so we're like 40 minutes late he's a
little sausage with a little sausage
huh
we made it somebody already started at a
height of rudeness anybody for ages and
they would eat feet just like anybody
hears too much obviously she was feeding
like these lock TVs perfer into the
cigar and all over the bed like this is
what we're talking about oh I can almost
be like Mikey's rent oh geez
me Emma took your own fault where is she
took drunk phone your mom song I can run
and I did
hey guilty bye okay it's back to have
dinner and had to go for a run
well I was not expected as I was good
bite to say I feel like I'm in sunny
Sorento again yes you have to run after
your phone's Oh brilliant
there's no baby jinking area or disabled
toilet even to use so I'm going to have
to improvise
okay we're gonna have the surprise okay
I'm going to change you on this good
thing we have always have a little cover
thing with us okay oh the obstacles of a
parent this is definitely the scariest
change I've ever done no rolling over
you hear me No all right we did it we
did it huh achievement unlocked changing
a baby whatever baby changer teamwork I
would had five you but I'd probably drop
you
just letting up it's over breaking up
we're going home because like I want to
watch it so now you're gonna look at
handbags or something
snorts what arrogance birthday potential
you know human my teller
he's who brought her
see you later she doesn't care hi uh pan
we can actually see the whole city from
up here the whole city tell you wantin
you want to be driving in a tight
parking space like this Oh God oh boy it
is tough yes Arthur had its that top one
these ones aren't so bad it's just that
top one has a wall attached to it it's
still like every alarm always goes off
so we're getting eric has birthday
presents from Joe facin me and I
couldn't vlog dancers because it was so
crazy but we are we wanted to get her
something from just take the door so
they didn't have any bags but she's
going to try on these sweatpants and
we're going to get her hopefully try and
get her a matching set
so if she's trying on the navy ones wait
no the punch bit extra small fits
perfect okay so we're going to try and
get the matching hoodie oh my god Erica
her present here and now we're in a Boca
port and if then these on sale um I
don't know if they're leggings or
pajamas I'm not really sure but I like
them you get them in black with lace and
then there's like a matching top and
then they have these top point as well
but they don't have the matching thing
of it so I don't know but I think I
might get some kind of like nice basics
because the leggings that I wore I wore
my regular black leggings all the way
through pregnancy and they got a big
hole in them it stretched so much so I
think I might get these they're really
nice I never knew a Boca was here this
is quite very finished shopping
I got some things in sale day about cast
off and Emily I got Kamini I got a
dressing-gown
I missed you so much did you miss me
look at the minor pram Thomas spies you
come home with scoops there for a second
name and shame yourself only for the
sale that's it we're broke
spend our money oh my god is so cute
thanks to twelve-month nice and it was
fifty five g's like jeez Louise trying
to have a family moment it was 44 boom
euros nice yeah
oh so Kayla jeah matching ones for us
but isn't that cute amia so when you
come into your little ba you could have
a little soft
kissing down yeah okay then yeah huh
what else mmm hello bunny is going up to
the star mm-hmm making it when he goes
to the stern nice hat ha she smiled the
Erica's birthday friend yeah totes so
there I was all like Oh turn it off we
can't record that and you already like
tried it on and everything I thought we
were getting a Juicy Couture bag that's
why I was not like and then she was like
yeah everyone probably went into the hay
balls like what would you prefer
well I've always wanted that I never
knew - I've always seen girls is the
juicy end their bum I never did out with
Juicy Couture I thought that was just
something I don't know
young bum deal he's an ex she's extra
small in the pants they were still baggy
on her look
extra small and then you want you
actually have Juicy Couture shoes on
yeah yeah and then she got this in the
small I like the back it's kind of
cool-looking thought the extra small was
like to to like Oh short
yeah but um this is actually not
matching cuz this is gold and that pink
peep but she preferred these just old
ones
yeah she wanted the juicy on the back
juicy bump I think mommy needs to be
rescued
oh geez oh geez
are you under attack puppy in your mouth
and you're not afraid to shout yeah
alright goodness look at it too
civilized ones
so this is the trick here what is this
trick josh is like taking all you don't
want chicken Joel I want chicken
I take all your chicken and I put it on
over here that's that's the trick you
see you get it yell knife in here he's
gonna pop it out pop it out thank you
doctor order hey hey hey whoa whoa no no
no yeah Becker that's frozen no not very
nice look you won't be a bit chewy all
right Oh do you love me know how much
you love me
never Oh God oh come on we make em from
your friends oh my god this is getting
x-rated lads hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
