yeah I wish I actually just changed the
media's poo explosion
oh look I get the fairy tale New York
and you guys CD yeah Oh turn it off no
let's see if everyone's dancing he did
was he been she danced just wait for it
it's just an economy
my trick to use both in the process
faster yeah I just Canada kind of knows
what song I want and it just puts it on
for me it's good like that
it's good like that cars go like that
because still the motion in me but it's
like this song but it's like not this
time here we are on our walk part 1 I'll
be in Cena everything out Noel so Cena's
pretty paper and we did not fetch any
bunnies you tried to fit your bunny but
we fail right I'm gonna go this guy
demolition Oh we there will be
eliminations of objectives here steel
and Nevaeh Nevaeh had to wear her coat
because it's cold out and she got
changed
so she's wearing her pretty little coat
although it looks like a belly top no no
they aren't no don't roll in food run
come on come on just one of these kind
of days in Armenia sometimes she
actually likes to look up at the
cartoons look at the cartoons you slew
the chatterbox and here we have newbies
and Bianca our last walk and they are
sniffing around for a rabbit poop I
think I tried to play fetch with them
with a piece of driftwood or wood or
whatever it was but um they don't when
you get the concept they get it at home
like with their toys but you threw brick
confused they're like why are you
telling us to fetch out in public
this is embarrassing home it's so cute
she's at the stage now where she kind of
has a conversation you know she just
sort of like if you just ignore her
bitch she's like sits in a corner she
just kind of like I don't know it sounds
like we put our baby in a ignore but
like that she just heard like talk away
to herself what hmm
when you drag her she tends to Hanna
stop but if you just sometimes she
sometimes you'll just hear her just like
chatting away to the dogs or something
they looking at the dogs and just sort
of like giving out commands or they're
just like talking to her or something oh
is that right no what'd you do it's a
fun stage and every night again Jake she
gets a word out you know check she says
like I'd know I say a word it's not a
conscious word she's not like thinking
I'm going to say this one cracker would
tell me you know but Jake she just comes
out with a word and we're like what do
you mean it
okay so I'm gonna try and do my hair cuz
I've got some free time and oh you guys
saw my cupcake tree right helps you're
just odd I put it here I think and it
might need to just move this a little
bit cuz there we go
that's what it was like before I just
took that Oh way to take a picture but
it's one of the cupcakes did break what
like they're so fragile I was surprised
the whole thing to be honest so that was
amazing
and it was just one at the back so
listen so I'm gonna go ahead and just
got some stuff done in my room I'm still
and no wait about my curtains this is
why I still haven't filmed that freaking
room tour video I'm just legit you know
I'm just like no I'm not doing it not
doing it until I have my curtains up and
then the curtains are just sitting here
because I have to get like a railing
that are not reeling but I have to get
Oh like specific rings actually okay you
can do that today one I don't know I
think things to do so I'm gonna try and
get some stuff done how many dogs do you
reckon are their way ducks you think
good look at that isn't it so cool like
a little shaved horn shaved hold on
maybe it's for today's question make
sure we're late we need to go to my
kingdom
Hey
no but Advent is complete
yeah I know beauty oh did you light our
extra one nice do you think it's ours
Archie light so that kind of quite were
your funds oh so I've been like starts
and ends pretty quickly here - laughs
for quite a long time these were like
last year there's no way your Grundy's
down though you might how long the
batteries last and you probably again
bubbly bubble toil and trouble look at
my soul because the soul never had soul
before mm-hmm
this is mine this is all I'm going to
have um oh maybe I'll have just the
bacon you enjoying your little place
over there yeah so cute
please get it on a little spot what do
you think huh now I'm starting to wear
Boas that is jealous there's eventually
going to come off it's not going to be
stretched out what's this addition to my
phone here it's like a lump oh are you
seeing on my phone now
let make with the pick one the best one
oh this one looks like itll lucky okay I
messed that up
okay you have to press it down and then
press the tango oh maybe not oh that's
handy
come on little dog editor there look
let's get my dog oh yes it is cool
that's so you just eat the raw dough
yeah I want my little dog what it's a
dog well not two reindeer oh this is the
reindeer watch how was that a rain Oh
got this way this is where all the
leftovers go are you eating it as well
GJ fair cookie dough over cookies
converts cookie why did you sell like we
all cook Edo is that really do you like
cookie dough or cookie even calm was
better cookie Dora cookies yeah
I'm already sick of it thank that's how
you separate an egg it works good
oh man this guy look nope like that is
this a different recipe is well how you
doing sir I had a tough day too strong
to it working it there's been a tension
here
no you weren't it too much it'll get ya
ruined I didn't want to be a chief can I
get palms
I'm gonna press in here then apparently
Hayes car I think it's a pumpkin no it's
not
it looks like a pumpkin you can double
this up and have a look at there's a
muncher gets in there like I actually
just changed the media's poets motion
where we going with next Oh
this picture right so somebody left a
comment and say I think was from the
English market yeah I'm an amazing
okay but no is ladies I'm you've never
met before but it turned out really well
and now we're bigger than Christmas
cookies so amelia is having her first
cuts in the baking session baking has
been completed looke oh my goodness does
the first time ever made plates in that
Sounion I was gonna just eat some
walnuts
why roses on fire she's a scholar is
there more in the oven we wish you a
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas media hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
