just like you so big now and I'm like
where's my baby gone like I don't have a
baby anymore
I need another baby but it's so funny
how that happens it's just like I don't
know it was just a realization of like I
am not pregnant anymore
oh my goodness they are the most amazing
shoes I have ever seen in my life
oh my goodness we're just having some
Christmas breakfast this is a Christmas
breakfast oh my goodness the bitch ass I
was just looking at the rabbits
what did you say did you
oh you've so many buggers and you know
you've got four examples little nostrils
that's kind of gross anyways we're gonna
find something for you to wear today
isn't that right hmm we got a
cheerleading outfit for her yesterday
from Michael Oregon I think it's the
dogs we did and you like to see a secret
method to getting a thumbnail and naming
a video on YouTube alright what you need
to do right cuz I added in its Adobe
Premiere okay there's me over here okay
so what I you tend to do is I'll just go
mmm no no it's okay
and then I looked at the situation ago
what was there talking about there we're
talking about Christmas being canceled
boom nice blog what's Christmas is
canceled that's my process every day
there's no real thought that goes into
it it's like Flickr you fight a good
thumbnail and then just look at it go
caption the picture and that's
gee isn't it so we just used the booger
extractor Kamini I didn't really like it
it's kind of gross
but basically you spray this stuff first
it's called I don't know what it's
called staring Meyer I have no idea
see water micro diffusion so basically
spray that up the nose and thought the
perch doesn't really like but she's so
good she like makes a face and she kind
of gets a fright every time I do it and
I hate doing it that because of that
oh god you just spat up all over
yourself um Bobby wasn't paying
attention but yeah so she doesn't like
this part you spray it up it makes it
like softens everything and then we used
the booger extractor which is this
Nosefrida thing you need to wash now
because it's full of boogers
Oh oh my god oh my god I have the
easiest nose in the world and I have no
hands available
here's home alone mine's probably like
Indiana Jones that's always on that's
what I was getting at before my nose
exploded not to say a Christmas movie
but like a movie that's always on a
Christmas Indiana Jones Laurel and Hardy
Tarson there are all things that are
used to watching as a kid at Christmas
time I think you always find those shows
on Christmas Carol OH
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation
that is that is the best Christmas film
in my opinion in the world ever so this
is my first time or well one of my first
times I think I wore this like straight
after right after having Emilio and I
still have had a little bit of a pooch
but this is pretty much my first time
wearing this top this great op at an off
you guys remember I wore it a lot at the
end of my pregnancy
and I just put it on and I just realized
how much I miss my bump I was like oh my
god it looks so different like it just
doesn't look as pretty that looked so
much better with a bump it's not sad and
then I was like talking to Jonathan
about it and I was kind of like I almost
started crying so I was like oh my god I
miss my bump like Bailey is getting so
big she because she is she's like three
months but they grow so much every
single month and like I just feel like
she's not a baby anymore she's like a
little child or baby but it's like she's
so big now and I'm like where's my baby
gone like I don't have a baby anymore I
need another baby but it's so funny how
that happens it's just like I don't know
it was just a realization of like I'm
not pregnant anymore like I don't have a
bump anymore did it really take me that
long to realize that like oh my god it
just it it doesn't look as nice honestly
maybe maybe I like stretched it out or
something like that but it's not the
same I feel like I looked so much better
in this top when I was pregnant and then
like yesterday I wore something that I
had worn when I was pregnant and it
looked horrible on me but when I like
put it on yesterday it actually looked
nice well I think it looked nice anyways
but um it's so weird I don't know I just
I feel like I mean I was getting so big
and just goes by so fast and I do miss
being pregnant I know it sounds crazy
today but I do want to know if any of
you guys feel this way because I feel
like I can't be the only person who
feels this way even only three months
after having a baby so let me know I
enjoyed toying with the Sorrento shoes
but it's now time to get serious with
big ol walks yeah when you gotta go go
walk when you get it go go walk I mean
yeah be honest was it Theo be honest now
was it Theo was it Theo
what is it huh was a deal
who was it who was it huh
he stole your foot coach down here what
huh who stole your rabbit
I'm Sonia Ravis where is it oh I see it
like their media you're upside down and
everybody's screen what are you doing
I'm Sahara and everyone's screen whoa
whoa whoa jeez I hope everyone's coffee
didn't spill everywhere Jonathan always
just us every time we are ready to go he
goes and he's like oh and then we put a
media into her thing she hates when she
gets put into her car seat and then we
don't go anywhere she hates that greatly
so I know she was so happy like she's
gravy bones two great people who's
getting the baby boom mmm very close
enough like what plenty of life stem now
it is all right adios
me was gonna be what is open e 17
communities he Seventeen's all Christmas
songs no my favortie 70 I love being
around the world ain't no place like
home
get it get it I went to see e 17 live
myself and my friend Brian and my first
girlfriend Nancy 79 Jean Jean never
surprising loving likely just hard nice
and easy
goo-goo-goo really but that's it I'm not
going shopping for counters is where it
is stupid
that's what it is silly hopefully
tomorrow it's nice and sunny
this lady tomorrow
come on ms balls
Emma's ruin Christmas need more shopping
centers everybody's getting their
presence is here from Tesco the g4 to
the food sleeper to Albert's if anybody
asks we're at Table three
I've seen loads of people have tweeted
me actually said if anyone asks for a
table number and a picture of the table
number that's really cool you guys
should keep doing that I appreciate it
look I got a big coffee I got half a cup
you got half a cup shootin got the lemon
muffins they had no Christmas special I
just did a pool of my patent side to the
poop in my pond did you do cookies in
your pants all the linkage is in a leaky
situation what are you why are you
having it to me dddddd Oh
take your bunny shoes off the debate how
bad is that like it just seemed odd but
nowhere else is there why not dig from
where did that leak from I think it's
okay I'm gonna give it a little done
with the water wipes and I think that is
just perfectly fine me if you need just
don't come out okay so I just cause I'm
another we're not going with a dinner
thing tonight in Dovan and he was like
oh my god
like I just call that I wasn't
and ten minutes before that media
columns that she wasn't going oh my god
I feel so fine there's like a conspiracy
like so wonder his ruse going though
oh no it was like he's like are you
serious I tell you man who seemed like
he was like oh my God why ain't you
going you'd like to write this goodness
I know could you find it
Ravin back into the city because the
good people that we are we drop them
into town and then we're going to
collect her cuz we're good like that
we're good people like that I was taught
there was gonna be more boats let up
though you know but let's kind of cool
is this you can see a boat straight
across now I thought I thought someone
opposed to be all like Christmas lit up
you got the port the cork sign there but
it's not really as special as each other
it's gonna be can we see that Patrick
Street is all Christmassy yeah rain
boots stamping on everything so dad goes
just in the car huh how did you get here
no actually I can't get over the camera
did you only only got you on the couch
and I didn't know this song pema's first
time meeting this son I would never feel
you Emma
buzzy does anyone else do this sometimes
when I'm holding a trolley like this
I'll actually start doing this you know
because I'm so used to having Amelia
with me they actually start like rocking
the trolley so I feel the need to get
stuff that matches our personalities so
this is for Bianca that's Brittany oh
okay how much is that one nine
fifty-nine sausages no no no no come on
yeah in the trolley in the trunk
okay oh we need new visa need something
like you know kind of like cute and
stuff this one for newbies right does
actually look like you use these not
really hold on we are about our baby our
babies she makes me help
Nevaeh we wrote in a fan
she just freaking loves algae it's not a
picture of our view just a photo of
house yeah that actually would be a good
plan they're too big they're like four
big dogs
all right boy no it's too big he loves
like actual balls yeah you know what
about yeah that would be fun
yeah relax Tina sorry
what about he's got 40 more horrible
person Santi probably isn't gonna come
to you now get this just went over my
foot what a dirty piece no not only are
people gonna call me crease baby call
him hey there stain please staying
remember malcolm in the middle'
republican got a nickname sting so
amelia is just having some playtime on
her mat it's very dark here I really
want to get a lamp that's kind of like
something that's on my wish list for
like home decor stuff but just feel like
I get a lot of whom like I bought a lot
of stuff for the house recently and a
lot of it was pretty expensive so I
don't know I'm just gonna give it a rest
for a while I mean I could have I guess
I could have asked for it for Christmas
but is it really selfish to say that I
don't want anybody to buy me a lamp for
Christmas think of them like there's so
many better things that you get me than
a lump like Atlanta is kind of for like
the family you know what I mean like I'd
rather something weren't for me then
puts in so selfish well you guys know
what I mean
my lamp is just like mm-hmm
I feel so much better near about my side
of like presents and stuff are done
Jonathan has to
you know the stuff that he wants to get
for my family I also need to get because
my grandmother's like myomas birthday is
the day after Christmas so I have to get
her because this president or her
birthday president but I know exactly
what I'm getting her I guess I could
tell you guys because she doesn't watch
but maybe I'll just see what a surprise
but anyways so it's kind of stressful
today cuz like shopping and everything
and it's just so crazy with all the
crowds although where we went wasn't so
bad look what happened to the cart that
my mom sent does three pieces and look
it was even a puppy also I wanted to
show you guys oh my God look at this
decoration we got I don't know did I
show you guys this isn't that so cute
it's a Maltese subscriber thank you so
much it's so cute and then this
decoration here is new bridge silver and
that was from our dog groomer Deirdre oh
yeah that's pretty nice so are you
making Joe fee Joe FINA you know Benji's
been jito well Joe fee is Joe FINA
jokey-joke FINA and he's like doing
coconut so there you go okay
so javis Joe FINA is making he's making
some wedding with you went oh that word
that we both to start you know having a
probably isn't even called baa
funny look Donna
can somebody who's actually Indian
paddle and words yeah please spell it
out because I think it's Munna
I think it's bounnam Matata Oh such a
wonderful day so we're having that and
then we're having some basmati rice
and don't forget the VIP Jonathan I
swear every time he's like oh well
completely forgot about its vegetable so
you're gonna put in some veggies okay
you okay did you finish your rawhide no
you didn't you just Pony looked at it
and then dropped us yes oh my god you
don't wait say Merry Christmas Albie
Merry Christmas all be hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
