honestly it's not even like we're
talking about it now it was like I knew
what it was like
so Amelia and I just filmed an outfit of
the day for the style diet did you guys
see it did you do - did you she looks so
cute and I was just telling her if she
doesn't pull explosion and stuff it I'm
not gonna supervise because it's not
very nice but I'm gonna be really angry
that's lovely
oh my god you can fly you will now do
everything I say we are the fancy
spacing I hope dad doesn't plan to wear
those two things together took my
teacher oh yes
that's your programming I'm gonna talk
my baby in that's your pool cleaning
outfit he doesn't want to get the pool
one is lovely you have a couple of times
that how come I got the dirty old flag
and you got the shiny new because you
have to prove yourself there's a
beautiful brand-new pink one with your
name on it
mommy has to prove herself by yesterday
I did this is day two did you guys like
it look how good does my hair look for
not being washed seriously it smells
amazing
actually probably smells better than it
would if it I've been washed because
that's what I do you wash my hair will
hear not just cuz it takes so long I was
been watching last night that I was too
tired
anyways so we're going out for aromas
birthday dinner or lunch aroma when I
see that word written down I keep
thinking aroma boom
you gonna pick daddy's outfit they go
with that
Wow oh this one goes better no this one
goes better dad oh yeah those in the
situation
test-driving these bad boys that today I
think I bought these in Sorrento but I
never lure them so I'm gonna bring in my
fur no I bought them on my wedding day
like while you are off
preparing the wedding I was off shoe
shopping that's what it kind of makes it
out to be yes when I bought the yeah
tio can finally get on the couch huh
finally get up look look look we'll make
it look there's Alvey
yes he'll dude give me some food would
you I'm starving
Yankees the only one now he can't get up
the uh Amelia can't get up either I
suppose yeah
BFF forever did it again there's a hair
in me I can't control your anger
give me my hundred thousand subscribers
I learned to get off my nose
good luck with action so Christmas may
be canceled just so you know
alright so awaiting his transfer from
from a distant galaxy of the funds to
support Christmas and there's a chalet
in the other galaxy like do we oh my oh
my god two weeks late right but they're
like ya know we'll try and get the
transfer done yesterday which means that
we should have got it today but it
hasn't it happened so they're like oh
look we'll hopefully get it on Friday
which means that it might be in a Monday
but it is any delay it'll be an on
Wednesday after Christmas at least we
bought presents or dinner party on
Saturday tomorrow in Dublin so her
birthday is 26th but Asics is Wednesday
so either everyone's gonna get crap
Christmas presents and almost gonna get
like an amazing birthday present
oh my gets like a car for her birthday
and everybody else gets like selection
boxes so yeah it's gonna be a Manic
Monday Christmas Eve full shopping
experience honestly it's not even like
we're talking about it now it was like
not even 100
donations we're fine it's just that we
were like kind of standing on you know
two weeks ago yeah anyways so but at
least like I said Amelia's done cuz I
would be like major even though she's
only a baby she doesn't even notice I
would I think I would be major panicking
if we hadn't had heard my first
Christmas was canceled yeah what the
hell is this um somebody moved Wilton
and replaced it with some sort of a it's
just like one of these ender where our
job they're doing they're building the
end of the world bunker and then they're
like oh cuz there's no need the end of
the world didn't happen
you know we've come to ba now just to go
and try to throw it all away I don't
know I bought a bitty 17 you might so I
heard you say you know
no this is our just home guys this is
our new house I could park at the front
but I think I'll park over here actually
instead she's gonna fun at the pumps
she's asleep though yeah she is like a
smooth ride writer oh my god leave me
comments you know didn't aim to film
even though names in listen it's cool
writer not smooth writer but it can't it
like it cool writer huh let's see yeah
let's see how the cool people in the
gang
he looks so real isn't he okay smells
like Christmas
can you get the needed are open
I think there's no it's so cool so
everyone at the table sister they know
me so well so Emma and Anna's mom leave
the video what I'm getting because they
said off the menu I'm going for this one
here but let's see everybody knows these
go out so which one did you think I was
gonna get they know me Christmas tree
upside down that's so cool oh my god
next year I am definitely changed change
the world it's like Inception mad at the
world had ended the world as we started
and in this new world we got the
Christmas special dinner oh what'd you
get again oh they're all year-round
available food oh okay winter vegetables
yum yum we all got one two three
would you get shut up
we're looking at a grand mommy Amelia
yeah
so cute oh you know if you know it you
know it brandy hug Christmas pudding oh
yeah or stocking putting panna cotta
he's gonna kick chocolate whiskey no but
I got oh yeah have to have a Christmas
pudding these secrets and funny static
it's part of Kapus are you talking away
Oh on each huh let's go around either
side signing me now come on hey snippy
snippy I'm gonna name you should it be
babies not their little friendly
you guys are friendly guys friendly you
get me one for Christmas you want a
bunny for Christmas
I think this outside the class look
they've all come over now I'll give you
a Maltese puppy for Christmas has plenty
them
everyone's tea Oh baby I like Alvin
Erika thought they were Labradors from a
distance they weren't my goodness like
it is like this is like Christmas week
no care like crazy it is everywhere like
there's just people in cars like
abandoned everywhere it's so mental box
whoa Santy came to do yeah yeah I know I
know what is that big one here maybe
it's like full of Christmas puddings
show them holy crap a few minutes ago it
was like lovely and like sunny and stuff
and now oh my goodness is getting worse
quickly right into the shopping malls
Santy came to the pillow look at this
just do this Christmastime so look at
this Polar Express Delivery for Amelia
saucony Jolie Joe fee there's a Nana one
look at it that's so cool it's like an
old sort of a coal thing ah spit on her
door oh my girl where's the cupcake
thing Oh Lee crap look at this
it's like a cupcake thing a d√©tente
lights on it how do you feel lights on
this kind of a place um guys guys now I
know you think you've just won the lotto
I know you think you've won the lotto
here oh my goodness so that was that was
great look at this thing
it's so cool look I think I might earn
or someone's gotta stuff I don't know
that's so cool one of them broke but
they were actually I was surprised
thanks okay well they were wrapped super
well oh is it says we watch your vlogs
every day in our office
mountain oh goodness they came here as
well oh you you are a Christmas Grinch
naughty naughty naughty not nice no
honey get up there naughty
jeepers like where was I yeah so like we
got some T's Morty's who's got some
coffees martini look at this I begged
you I don't know I just opened this one
I spotted it I was like score up mine
mine mine mine cakes what that is
amazing that is the most that is the
most amazing thing I've ever seen
she's going to be a cheerleader yeah
there's to organize that's from Micah
Judy's one is she's having the other
teacher thing camera ever put is so cool
okay and then you're gonna be a
ballerina okay
wales welsh cake that's what they are
Yoma nipper and Bella oh sorry Nikki
nipper what's this this thing - oh yeah
well shakes and I don't know what you're
looking at no no this is for you
oh well I'm pretty sure it's all for me
the rest is for me
Barrow prayer Oh score and we just go
and put these over here on my desk
because that is where they're going to
be consumed no messing with butter and a
sprinkle of sugar on top of them
Kamara breath great hosts cup is usually
eaten with butter spread on as well I'm
sure if butter alternative would taste
just as good thank you also my head is
full of dogs and cats so if you watch
the hot toy okay we've got plenty of
animals of our own look at this one it's
full of I love kitty or I love kitty
what's your call us little kitty hello
kitty okay so we got this card this one
right here a happy Christmas Wish from
mochi I think I hope I'm saying that
right on a smokey but I think it's mochi
the Pomeranian and look she actually
wrote to all of our puppies she said
dear puppy friends and your humans I
hope you are all well and pooping
regularly I asked my mom to let me write
in your Christmas cards because I wanted
to tell you how much I enjoy watching
your vlogs you are all really cool
especially Theo my dad thinks Sina and I
can become really good friends because
we are very alike anyway merry Christmas
to you and your humans PSU your human
baby is so cute I want to snuggle her
PPS my
humans Scott and Stacy and my sister joy
says hi oh and they're from Singapore
cool lots of kisses and hugs and
sniffing your butts but it's so cute
we've never been written a card from
like an animal before I know that's the
first time we're saying
sothanks Moche or mo-chica
sorry what dose like jaws it hey what's
for me oh oh oh I see you made yourself
a little stock somewhere that yeah what
I like - you guys go chew all the
packages yeah yeah I like Ferrero Rocher
and I might like these Welsh cakes yeah
we are going and I just want to say what
I know you like coffee I like chocolate
and jelly beans yeah well you like
coffee and I just wanted to say to
Nikola Bowman that you are a part of the
community she is a party community the
second honest a said he's a frog said
Nikola Bowman so don't think that you
have to comment or do something to be a
part of the community
no that's great we know who the true
subscribers are and we just want to say
that we really appreciate everything
that anybody ever sends us or I'm not
even talking physically I'm talking like
messages everything it's so appreciated
I hope and crate like I have lost sleep
at night hoping that you guys don't
think that we don't appreciate things
because we don't say things or we don't
put them in the vlogs it's because
there's just so much yes that goes along
with it and it's nothing to do with you
lovely people that send things it's not
it's to do with other people
newbies shoes at that for ages shaken
Aras Shane Aras shake-a shake-a shake-a
shake-a shake-a Aras Shane Aras Shane
Aras shake-a shake-a shake-a shake-a
second Aras checking Aras signal ass
shaky shaky shaky shaky shaky nervous
taking that did you have an explosion in
your pants
did you have an explosion in your pants
no did you have an explosion in your
pants what really then what happened
yeah
what kind of an explosion is it is it a
wolf I will I will
I'm just gonna have to go with it
they've been charging for long enough
see it always takes three if only it
took two and then a two but there's
always one charge tree uncharged but I
was sitting there minding swinging her
see Vicky Cavanaugh she's gone quiet now
though take one charge one two nice ones
oh happy half happy half do you know
what's not this happy got without some
chicken thingies as well
chicken thingies with dogs what do you
reckon that's my half hello yeah you're
right I maybe it's the ten crust that we
always get what they're talking one
it's a tenner for you know oh well that
ain't no prairie dog alright see you
tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
ah
