no I'll be nice
he always bites me he never buys me
always fight he's rude
if you are watching this video right now
it means that the world didn't end
congratulations people we won we beat
demands yesterday is the 22 December
2012 tomorrow being a 21st of December
2012 there upload this is permanently
the end of the world which is probably
now I'm pretty sure it's nothing like
this
you know pretty sure but maybe nobody's
watching this watching this is the last
thing in or else what do they do today
for the last day a nerd hmm what would
you do you've always the last day on
earth we're gonna sit here and we're
gonna watch this countdown here we go
excited my little friend yeah he's such
a chattering you like another chatterbox
now shushies oh god oh my god it's the
end of the world sounds like somebody's
up here okay it's going investigate you
stay there guys
I will go and investigate now who's this
who's this she's terrified
it's the end of the world and we know it
is coming to town okay so we're gonna
find out who's been naughty and who's
been nice because we got these from a
music store over 300 days and three
nights
yep okay ami come on are you naughty or
nice think of this Bobby just say it
okay do it do I get to pick sorry I look
such a Manny
iris how's it been me have not washed my
hair yet so and it's like half past two
we slept so late oh you're so tired
cuz I've been getting up at seven like
every single day and then I was like I
want to sleep in luckily amelia is such
a good baby she just like sleeps the
whole time okay so okay so I'm gonna do
what pause the video okay leave comments
below
yes who do you think is naughty and who
you think is nice yeah and then we're
gonna go in and unpause the video when
you've gone and done that leave your
comments below and then we will continue
okay so what we're gonna do is this is
gonna be Nene's camera with no battery
you need to go charger right now it's
charging so we're gonna try and do okay
you guys will know if
way across the sky so we're gonna try
and split the blog's these right in the
Animas gonna try and record around ten
minutes every day and I'm going to try
and record around ten minutes every day
and then we should try and cut them all
but right because I keep I even wanted
this for ages but lazybones over there
oh you're not lazy no get your pink one
I tell you up there's the gang we're
gonna make commitment together if you
guys notice for the next month will say
that Nene's is doing at least ten
minutes every day of her own vlogging we
will get her yeah that I do okay the
handshake can't be like a Fuji film Oh
what about the jujube ah the Hello Kitty
one and I think a nice one okay I think
a naughty one oh no sorry we're going to
your nice ones first
alright pick it up give a nice one Albie
always fights me always fight he's rude
what am I give him a half a nice one and
a half in Hollywood all right Ganga
Ganga Ganga naughty naughty
Ganga Nevaeh
Nevaeh newbies newbies newbies newbies
newbies new he says nobody
taeo what are you thinking who is it
ah what do you think guys you you he was
naughty sometimes ah he is naughty
sometimes this is a hard she's never
really naughty yeah
I think he'll tio steals my shoes yeah
do that's for all the slippers you have
stolen do
that's promised nippers you have stolen
I'm calling it today is a pajama day I
don't feel like getting ready at all or
dressed at all I have so much to do but
I don't really feel like it yeah amazing
thing I just feel so lazy because their
routine is just like out the window we
got up so late because we going to bed
so late
so um I just put my hair up cuz I was
gonna wash my hair today
that's Thursday but yeah I'm not I'm
gonna wash it tonight instead cuz my
hair has been giving me so much grief
it's just so long and thick and not easy
to manage at all so um a couple of
people were like just start washing it
at night you know don't cut it like just
because I wanted to get it cut just to
make it easier and more manageable but
people are like no just start washing it
at night and it'll be so much easier
than to manage the next day cuz that's
how my hair type is and then I started
thinking of when we were back in
Sorrento that was what I was doing and
it actually caught my getting ready time
in half the only problem with that is
the reason why I stopped taking showers
at night instead of an in the morning is
because of Amelia because she gets very
upset at nighttime if she doesn't have
her milk like straight away like when
she is ready for bed and gets into bed
so I'm just gonna have to time manage
better and just like maybe do it before
that time you know or something I
thought but anyways I'm gonna figure it
it every time
I clean up the poo I say myself next
time it's gonna be different next time
I'm gonna do this every week or every
couple of days so it doesn't build up
you guess what happens I don't do it
what like ages and then it builds up and
and there's like mountains and mountains
of oh my god remember like an hour or
two feet long to pull up and I'm like
that's it next time it's gonna be
different
I guess what next time it's not
different it's exactly the same and I'm
out of here Brad that was no it's enough
to poop it's in the same context of like
you know if you're like you earn like a
hundred years someone gives you a
hundred euros a month to live on you're
like oh my god like in like I've only
had 200 cuz you're barely surviving on a
hundred so then they give you 200 and
you're like oh my god yeah I mean you're
like barely surviving on 200 and then
they give you 500 and you're barely
surviving on 500 I give you a test and
you're barely surviving on your hands
like it just seems the more money you
get the last money you actually have oh
my goodness so next year cuz I'm like I
think I'm the worst person in the world
if you if you gave me a million euros a
week I bet you I could spend or somehow
get rid of them euros a week I could
probably survive on it but I can't
survive in a million euros a week it's
like it doesn't make any sense to me at
all so next year Joe fees gonna land
head to money manage time and not be
such a procrastinator oh my god the dogs
all gone mental
so I just put my hair up in a bun a lot
of people ask me to do a tutorial on
that actually I might do that on my
channel actually that's what we should
have done today anyways but I wanted to
show you guys something this stuff is
amazing
it's the batiste dry shampoo which I had
had tried before but this is the XXL
volume it's so good it gives your hair
so much more like height on top you
probably can't see it now cuz I look
like crap anyways but I'm telling you
guys it's just amazing so if you have if
you are just stuck for time and you
don't want to wash your hair that stuff
makes it look like it has been washed
so that's a good tip for you guys so I'm
gonna make the bed now Amelia I just got
a poo explosion on my site but it kind
of seeped through but it's not too bad
so I'm not gonna change the sheets
because they are gonna be changed anyway
on Sunday but I'm gonna make the bed now
and try and do something productive
today because otherwise it's gonna be
pretty much they have nothing which I
don't want okay two bags down and we are
almost done we are in a Poulos world
we're living in a clueless world in a
kunis world oh my god never again I'm
doing this every week from now on so I
made bed and I got dressed so that it
wouldn't be a complete failure of a date
this is actually a good few hours later
I kind of got sidetracked but yeah I got
dressed put on a little bit of makeup
just to make myself feel a little bit
more normal and let me show you guys
what I did as well so oh I can't show
you because it's downstairs but
basically I'm just cleaning up after
what I did basically I made up a
schedule for the family in two hours it
was going to be 12 minutes past 8:00
right and at 12 minutes past 8:00 on the
24-hour clock reads 2012 so it's gonna
be 2012 on the 20th of the 12 2012 oh
yeah thank you very much no one saw that
one coming oh no didn't see anyone
talking about that one bond and I were
talking about Jo Jo if it's going to
popularize scrap house that enables what
if you're like oh yeah my channel metal
on the Internet sprawl it all about all
about that kind of trust what's the
thing I don't know
coffee or something so that's schedule I
know you can't see because it's super
dark but I look little cupcake magnets
yeah I did mom died Amelia and the dogs
so everybody has like a little plan of
what they need to get done every day
it's more so for me though like I said
and yeah like her feeding and eating
schedule and stuff like that and like
bedtime and that kind of thing I love
this song you forget that so just your
bed see out of a car a good song comes
on and you're like I'm not getting out
of cars I'm staying here I'm gonna stay
here in this song and get enjoy it
but now all I have to do is stick to it
ha ha ha but you know how that goes you
spent ages making up a schedule and then
you never actually stick to it or you
never actually get anything done that's
kind of the story of my life but I feel
good that I did it
and don't be is just kind of to get some
food because I know it's like six almost
six o'clock so technically it should be
dinnertime but we never actually had
lunch so Oh
today is your fail of the day oh my god
people do not even if you're super tired
don't see Pig get up early and get stuff
done I'll come over
mmm we came in a good time what's this
pumpkin spice oh do you have a baby just
like you oh I want a look when we put
her in oh my about arena oh she's always
dressed in tutus this picture there's no
picture no sound isn't easy somewhere
initiative me I figure I was gonna be a
skirt problem with this I did it I did
it
im a champion champion and family I mean
I fixed it because boys just have the
ability to make things work that's it
you know it's like somehow Anna makes my
clothes clean the same concept or
somehow I make that work you know
peepees yeah you could tell you realize
that no sausage a little sausage baby
huh can you guys see that
look what movies did to my iPad case I
found it last night she chewed it all
you guys can't really see but she chewed
it and I was so upset I couldn't get
angry with her cuz it's not only her
fault like she didn't know she wasn't
supposed to chew it I left it on the
couch and she did that but thankfully it
wasn't the actual iPad it was just the
case Johnson broke his lock looks like
you're gonna be using mine is amazing oh
yeah I'm a vlogger your journey into the
world of ollie yeah okay you know what
my blog is better well we'll see how
much footage I have tomorrow and I'm
editing okay and we'll see where most
footage is coming from we'll see how you
put both on your child oh okay I'm gonna
make it look like a present yeah Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny
nose hey man that thing Nana's beautiful
Dada stupid my booty yeah that's too
hard I'll be happy with just a mama
ma'am and that's insecure you know what
the hell Jonathan Turner wasn't unlike
what the hell get your cream as well Oh
cream just cream in the fridge the kind
of mince pies the cream oh oh yeah I
love he's trying to eat my main spot
that's mine that's my one you kind of to
mince pies well you could have one mince
pie with cream now right Tina
who's that movies you okay no are you
okay you pick her up give her to love
I'll clean up don't either
don't easy teal oh what's this free food
brilliant
oh my goodness can you guys see how
small gate is here just I mean it's
gonna snow oh my goodness and I just no
stop tomorrow oh oh no no this is Nina's
this is the end of the world it's the
end of the world and you do it and I
feel if I'm Superman addictive and you
could do with it but seriously how is
the plane even landing in this you had
to make some kind of detours okay
what the frak what the hell oh this
isn't look good guys this is Cork
Airport by the way it's always this
muggy here all right I mean yeah let's
get you a safe oh sorry
do you want to push it or I push it
oh cool look at the tree oh goodness a
lot of people here oh no just they've
been answered right the unattended
vehicles please return to their cars
clumping is an operationally no by the
gray outside the door I know the trees
really cool no where's it her flight
slanted anyway I'm sitting on 24 that
was like 25 minutes ago
maybe she's already left there's just
came and are like no one loves me and
then just left so eg Todd said a fun
time yeah I came back to the car because
there are names of it look look alike
gosh airport police parking violations
but all it basically says is them your
vehicles park it's like you're a mean
mean person essentially I feel guilty
about it but at least I wasn't clamped
or anything it's kind of annoying cuz I
was like no I want to see em I come home
I have to wait here
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
