keys on the chess with the dogs you are
in such a shitty mood today young lady
are you so tiny
so right now I mean I supposed to be
have in playtime on her mat but she is
sleeping like my hat very festive for
right he oh yeah um so yeah I just think
I don't know amelia is a very all she
wants to do is sleep it seems like um
obviously she wants to play in eat too
but she is one of those babies that just
falls asleep like at the drop of a dime
Leslie yeah she just like running things
so I mean I think I should just leave
for it let her sleep because I feel bad
trying like forcing her to wait well the
whole time so I don't know like the
schedule is great for certain things but
because it helps me like know exactly
how you know how many times I fed her a
day or that kind of thing is fine but
first stuff like this I'm just like
confused I'm like I feel like I should
just let my baby sleep like I don't feel
like because I can't even wait for up
like I tried it I picked her up um at
like 10 I I woke her up from her nap and
um you know I felt bad doing that
already but then as soon as I picked
drop and was like member right Dave Rick
to you and she was just like Thomas he
told I'm like I can't stop her like
that's me you know so I'm just gonna
leave her asleep and see what happens
and all if she wants to all theater at
11:00 because that's the next time I'm
supposed to feed her but I don't know
it's not like she's keeping me up at
night
mmm to like not really anyways I mean
some nights are better than others
obviously but I don't know I like the
schedule for certain things but then for
other things I'm just like I think I
should just let her do it chu PO
explosion police pull explosion police
it's a pool explosion police OH
you feed the cuteness please need to
come and get you media Thomasina saucony
Jolie well it didn't leak true Oh God
hurry hurry hurry just in case
very early just in case
nowhere
not hair
look at the mania she's trying to get up
super high okay there she's quite tired
but she's trying to get up super high so
she can see herself in there come on
Amelia she's also trying to ram the UM
crinkly butterfly wings into her mouth
do you like them
did they taste good ah there you go
as she was like this but then she
totally like arched her back and raised
herself up like it was crazy how high
she got we're gonna be crawling in no
trip ah see that's you she she keeps
trying to see herself in the mirror so
she'll put herself like right but hurt
she like arched her back she was like
way on yeah now she's putting getting
frustrated ah more I know it's tiring
come on more push-ups and we're done oh
what's those abs feel the burn no no no
over here oh yeah yeah she loves mirrors
she gets that from her mom ah ha ha I
think yes ah from being a baby
ha ha apparently babies just love
mirrors well now she's getting fed up
she did so well though I'm just sorry I
missed it cuz that was pretty cool but
she started doing this thing at all when
she's eating shook like hey there you go
hey hey girl hey little baby is that
where I can
Oh give it a kick or punch oh yeah that
makes more sense it's a small hand
what's the center all you have to hit it
mm-hmm
you can lose your face Teeter so because
I ate all the wraps I have to iron
clothes essentially your fault
clearly I fall and keep stealing my
clothes and washing them look at this
you're always like don't bother earning
ish like come along people will call me
crease I mean my nickname hey crease
what do they call me it's amazing how
much Amelia has changed my life in such
a short time she's been here you know
because Christmas to me was always I
don't know I associated with like a very
sad time you know I know a lot of people
like there is a thing like winter
depression and stuff you know I am I
don't know like I've always considered
it as like a sad time like ever since I
was a kid when you know always like I'd
watch the movies or I go to my friends
houses or girlfriends or whatever like
and I'd see all their family together
and it was like the one thing I didn't
have like I sell in like sports I
excelled and social I excelled and like
dancing and all these different things
that I was involved
and I was really good at but the one
thing I never had that no matter it
doesn't matter how good I was that
anything I could never obtain a happy
family and I used to have this take
myself my brother used to joke about
this you know we'd see other people
Randy but I thought they must be having
like a happy Christmas you know and
Christmas was never really associated to
me it's like happy time you know and I
sort of haunted me my whole life and I
was always looking for that you know
family thing that I just I missed out on
as a kid you know and I think with
Amelia she's starting to make me feel
that like I actually have made it you
know I can actually have a happy
Christmas with Amelia you know and it's
just like I don't know it's just really
cool you know when you have your own kid
that you have a chance to make your own
family you know and this is like your
your one chance you know don't mess this
up mister you know this is your chance
to like make the happy family that you
always want and I just think it's so
cool when you have your own kids to be
able to do I like create your own family
you know ah the chaos oh yeah just
lectured us are we awake we awake Thanks
ah that's Nevaeh Oh
I mean yeah Oh a few days huh okay see
you're taking since um all the time only
photos of myself there do any good
photos you may hold her
yeah you go that's when your tokens down
oh I say we should get a photograph of
Anna holding Amelia and in you and your
daughter and your granny and all the
girls you have to hold everybody that's
Bianca dank is the Barker ah there's a
bait there's a baby in there somewhere
oh my god they're so cute yeah should
you wanna take a couple home automa they
jaunty oh yeah no I can't have tea Oh
Ricky has already wanted to yeah Sammy
Sammy recap the lame down get this
problem again
to make coffee for more than one person
I'm not going to point out whose fault
it was
you know wasn't this was my sister's
this time all right so two coffees and
multiple teas
funny thing about Christmas runs coming
and you don't have stuff what kind of
tea does people want green then normal
I have Dubliner tt4 Dubliners yang ke
meeting everybody
he's a comedian
haha all the gang huh
who thinks acutest Amelia editor doggies
she's such a beautiful faces gee well I
have chosen you know who love is nuvvula
just for her sweet nature her sweet
nature huh is that that's Nevaeh that's
Bianca and Cena that's out oh they'll
think she's gone off with your
great-grandma hmm
hello help somebody's eating me happy
Hank yeah Ginga what you doing
yank I can't get down so someone put her
up here and she can't get down
she wants to know what's going on oh
here's your little one movies oh there's
the movies huh you're gonna go and live
and go away oh just like a kitty
schnapps that she gives up again
it is not her expression yeah - don't
worry
yeah yeah what do you saying hey what is
it it's like she doesn't though when
everybody's talking okay we're just all
go away anymore
chuckles I know
Raj you probably hate me for a while
didn't worry no one's talking about
Amelia
yeah no it's okay you are Toby the dark
hair sets in here this is very funny two
days
hey you drive max Devon yeah yeah we
take her when I say hey they have to
pick up their stuff
oh yeah yeah look that City woman you
see a lot rougher I don't you yeah yeah
one Singh you okay why don't you pause
writes post like what are you saying say
I love data
thank you da da da oh ma don't say oh
Jesus sunshine immunity oh god you're a
dude huh who's a little chatterbox huh
you say demon oh I like to build it as
we all know the fucking sneeze just
affecting German all the time you much
are you gonna teach her German oh my
yeah specialty dodge yeah my name's I
saw know your leave yo
what are you doing yah yah yah yah yah
yah yah oh you're gonna miss everyone
give me dearly you can go to Dublin if
you want if you blend in there doesn't
sound very nice at all mm-hmm McKellar
enough not just with the dogs you are in
such a shitty mood today young lady are
you so tiny
why are you so Johnny I told you that
and I thought like now for some reason
when she's on the boot mmm just go like
where's my wifey what's gone on there
please Ledo can you change your media
please you're such a lazy poop I'm very
busy
I'm a very busy man I'm so busy right
now where's my little baby my other one
that's my adorn Oh is there feeding
oh look at my little baby
Jaime Mia Jaime Mia
Oh Jake out okay I'll changer you in
Dexter night dinner
that's a we're having hello Lloyd hello
Jonathan Jonathan some fresh and froze
and fresh and fresh that's all what
happened oh you haven't gonna call me
let me know what you had for dinner for
a change change will do you good movies
movies movies
no no he's what's what
gimme an odd set on your bow in your
face now you have one already what are
you gonna find if I have another one
hey is it look it's a little cropped up
on her sit sit sit sit sit
Oh buddy don't tell anyone what happened
supposed to have anyways she got a
sneaky one when everyone else is outside
in their peepees Bianca got one well she
actually helped herself because she just
went over there scratching at the
picture
that's right because I'm cooking chicken
I decided today we're gonna give away
the Nando's sauce Perry to it yet oh you
get a hot pepper sauce and meat and
peri-peri sauce you get loads of those
corn things and you get the thing is to
cook the corn in I actually want this
for myself so I'm kind of hoping no
one's going to get the answer right
that's my bun my name is Jody and I make
babies on YouTube and I hope you enjoy
watching my videos on YouTube featuring
you cheese man don't forget to follow me
on Twitter and keep and Facebook and the
rest of them nails
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
