hi baby girl hi hi smiley face Poochie I
feel so sorry for you
we all excited you're excited huh yeah
I'm gonna get a haircut it's how you get
a haircut huh it's your first proper
haircut as big doggies huh yeah the
internet the print this role in there
with the stroller LD and summer in the
front on the lovely heated seat and
mommy and Amelia in the back and I'm
gonna just got a huge scratch on her
face I think it was obviously her cuz
the dogs weren't anywhere near her but
it was like it's meeting you okay
poor little thing you didn't even cry
she didn't cry anything like this one
okay here we go guys
gonna get your wish she washes Oh many
dogs and Santa Claus dog I think she's
like a little bit
you know always push push they're
smushed and see you over there just give
it a quick cut
so it's half past one and Amelia's
supposed to be down til two quarter past
two at the latest and she kind of woke
up she got a bit fussy there were a
little bit but um that's okay um we just
put back on her mobile and she kind of
settled herself asleep she's just not
ready used to like sleeping for a really
long period of time in her crib like
she'll do her 45-minute nap in the
morning on in her crib no problem but
then like when it gets to this one she
doesn't usually go down for more than
like 45 minutes or maximum an hour my
uncle and my OMA I've never seen Amelia
before so they are really looking
forward to it and I'm so excited because
like I just really want her to meet them
and my cousins here as well so we're
gonna go see them I think at some stage
today so that's why I'm kind of stalling
on lunch because I thought that we were
gonna go out for lunch but if it gets
too late I may have to have a PI D
because I'm actually starving because I
haven't eaten since 8:00 so yeah I'm
waiting on a text from my mom to see if
my OMA has arrived yet which I don't
think she has yet so we're gonna go oh I
told you
let's go check on me I mean
yeah but go check on me in the yeah and
see if she uh wait
hi baby
let's open your curtains okay gonna open
your curtains you are going to meet your
hi baby girl
hi I feel so sorry for you why did you
do that how are you laughing huh why are
you laughing
we can to geun-hye you're gonna see your
OMA and your aroma his company so much
fun it's gonna be so much fun
poor little kiddos hmm let's change your
nappy now okay nickname for Amelia
star face Scarface observed calling her
here only meet your battered baby can
she be another
they don't drop the baby cheese are you
leaving makes you the first time homies
matter
Oh
Chubby's actually she looks like a baby
yeah she looks familiar it's all I can
say hey he's here only your or oh ma
yeah YUM
dippy breads hmm
deal so give me the old restaurant in
babies that won't be bread and then I
asked important I was like you guys do
you dig rich like no he'll freak you
made up anyway I'll be in thena do you
not love mom and dad
to make this song you we almost lost the
sock you say visually Erica is pairing
off my child with it Channing Tatum's
apparently son what if it's a daughter
okay well China Satyam sons it's going
tomorrow yeah Amelia Tatum you gonna
beat the Channing are you gonna babysit
Amelia Oh what does the same gonna be
call it make it up see if you get it
right
Henry Tatum what does wife's name yeah
Jenna Jenna and Channing Channing as
much as the Christmas cat okay Christmas
Christmas do you like it be honest oh
yeah he's attached to me much Susie I'm
a jumper back no raspberries do you like
that yeah yeah I don't like this
Jake's is wearing like this okay summer
pants
this is what life without dog uses like
you come home for Christmas she looks
nice well let's get you out of here we
get you out of this huh
you all right in there you all right in
there are you are you whoa lairs and
there's huh snoozing with my best
friends you make everything better than
the world Amenia you know me and my
snagging mats when mom's my best friend
I suppose you got my second Iceman now
he's my best dog friend tio and Sina my
best baby friend movie there how would
you feel about me eating your ear hmm
come on that spoon going to collect the
doggies oh my god so the dog groomer
just call me and she's like I think it's
new reaches like okay 500 dots are fine
one of the dogs may need a coat and I
was like what I have a coat we've plenty
of clothes for the dogs where's everyone
oh what's your Santa suit gun oh my god
it's okay
you got a green one Saint Patrick's Day
look he look amazing smaller ease yeah
yeah it looks so like obvious oh hi
Bianca haha look a little Santa Claus oh
my goodness oh my goodness wake up
honesty's impaired are so cute
it looks so amazing Oh little baby I'll
be in seeing us that's exactly what they
look like it looks so amazing oh my
goodness just way too laughs wait Oh
Anna
seize them oh my god she's no idea how
cool they look
look at this one this one yeah she's got
a coat on because she got shaved she
needs shorn with lucky gia look how cute
you all are huh and they so cute
I know I know I was like oh my god is
that tou can't even tell the difference
anymore I know that's what I said when I
came in I actually put him in the car
and then I went wait a second and I went
back into a gal be present yeah look at
this thing she's not there's no hair
underneath - what there's a bee over
here the good hair of me goes in a fight
oh he was already on you guys want to go
outside
please don't get money okay oh we just
have enjoyed a moment it's gonna be over
in a minute
everyone's gonna get filters filters Hey
so cute
okay I'm not feeling very Christmassy
and it's Christmas week my colleague
here isn't feeling very Christmassy as
Christmas week we're gonna make
operation operation make this place
Christmassy begins that's you know
begins you have to feel the pain pain
before pleasure
that's the rule what I can't hear if you
walk it away did I just do you like
people look at me bow now don't you go
look at you look at me bow I love your
bone okay now I was telling dear
traitors I wanted something a bit
different this time I went into param
wish they wouldn't give it you got a bob
I did I get about three very 19
enjoy about your posh spice I know
Sheringham I do I think you interrupt me
with your hyperventilate and there no
where's FEMA anyway I gotta go so we are
we are going to try to make this a it's
Christmassy ice Gators it's the ice
skaters
right beemo mess around here talking I
think real time pump up the Christmas
vibe violin on by which one why's that
by our number we find was it bio or is
it de nom by Owens
the newest something my controller was a
non bio or bio there's a deal there's a
deal deal I'm taking it there's a little
only one net huh there you go alright
let's turn this around now which ones do
you want those options here you're like
in Tesco we are not in Tesco isn't it
it's in your anterior onto me isn't that
so cool you're on loudspeaker also just
so you know this is an Irish versus
pudding Irish whisky stare and protein
they solder of custard Christmas it's a
time of the day when dopey gives
something away all right what are we
giving away today ninis mmm what hat
what's what what have you given it away
this is that up to 12 days headphones
all right headphones have been one
slippers have been one they have been
worn the coffee is me Nando says oh we
see we did the nerf gun yesterday so
that's you something like girly today
we're left where we've got the little
special socks or the handset hand
cleaning sanitizing set whoa don't get
follow me on Twitter to answer the
question only a couple of days left like
yeah okay famous stop hiding stuff it's
that's harsh
this is what the Pashto is have you ever
wonder what the Pashto is smell like no
I fixed it I see you guessed it towards
reading so to start off this festive
Wonderland
but the biscuits in the pocket get
yourself a lot a vanilla latte or get
the frost my sir this is this is just
the hors d'oeuvre that it's just to
start off the day don't worry it'll be
no spillage you're right yeah but that's
to moisten the biscuits
no but it's gonna turn to mop yeah
that's the plan what do you think you
feel a little bit more Christmassy let's
make it even more Christmassy all right
give me a mince pie
give me another mince pie hmm not good
enough give me more mince pie nope give
me all the mince pies in the world
that's a little bit better okay it's a
nice snack cook my beauties cook my
beauties cook my beauties little baby
please don't cry mommy and daddy are
trying to watch some TV shows and have
some pizzas and cakes and tea and sweets
and copy and if you stay asleep that
would be really appreciate hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
