density
today i refresh me
you gotta kiss me are you trying to kiss
me
hmm that you plan hmm that your plan is
it oh geez
so good morning everyone today we're
gonna try this schedule thing again
today are we are we gonna turn the
schedule what are you wrecking is that
something you want to participate in I
don't think she wants to participate in
hmm looks like Christmas week guys this
is like the last week for school last
week for work unless of course you've
got more stingy bosses that's gonna make
you come in on Monday you're gonna make
this criminal anyone give me the money
hi hi so uh comments guys are you guys
off work you off school you got exams or
EVO to me huh Martin me out in the car
no a little grabber inch yeah oh you
gotta grab my finger you never have it
you gonna grab it don't grab a too-tight
don't grab it too tight on bad huh
break it down break it down anybody
watching self on it's like this oh hey
what's the poem gone we did a functional
I need to put on my deodorant first you
know what a bunch I'm gonna be all
sweaty in the dance oh yeah for no one
see sweaty and Ezra made up a dance
floor you gotta get in the moves out my
hair all right ready
ah emergency bailout the bailout program
hey you're kidding baby are you okay
nobody hey you okay ready
hmm I always think of a book I'm
learning to do with the boat taking off
I refuse to be criminalized like this Oh
your daddy's being criminalized your
daddy's being criminalized Oh
oh my god what that might explain it
right hey there's better spider spider
spider spider Boop
I'm gonna steal their nose huh oh that's
all your nose yeah I know
hi there hi there hi there
yeah hi hi Oh with you another stomp
women too
yeah you can actually get on her level I
know it's the good end of stairs of it
you can actually kind of sit here with
her until one day of course you crawl
down the stairs and that'll be the end
of ash motive Hey Oh Kiki tonight she
did this yet she's meeting my pal just
hanging out my pal here
- like my video and favorite video
subscribe my channel I will wait ah ok
I've actually recorded this about 10
times okay what a lot 10 times but I've
recorded a couple of times because I
just don't know I don't want to like
sometimes on the internet you know I
want to share things to you guys because
I really respect you and I really I'm
really moved recently by the amount of
people that send me messages and tell me
that their life is better because they
watch my web show and I give them a
little bit of hope and and stuff you
know and I'm like that is just crazy you
know to think that my show like me
acting the idiot or whatever can
actually make someone feel better about
themselves like I just moved by that
sentiment ah ha well service I'm like
the worst at it like every two months
you get like meteor always in the cut me
off because you get set up trekked out
with an eagle in you paid a bill and
then like my subscribers like I said up
next time and then don't send enough and
then they cut you off and then I have to
go back to the immediate store and paid
him again I just paid him again - like
it'll be on like a half an hour but you
know it's gonna happen in two months
I'll cut me off again
he keeps forgetting Oh such cross hair
and we're back it's what actually came
here for some original sweet chilli but
I noticed the phone was working because
I was like I'll do a little quick eat
while I'm in here but um fortunately not
so what do you make
yeah well uh I blogged while you were
gone and then somebody came home in a
mood and deleted all my my wanting a
move
Jonathan get your shoe off the take what
the hell that's where we prepare food
gonna make babies at the law to think
hey I was telling you that a story when
there was dead but that believe it
underfoot
oh thank a story hmm she was in the
micro car nothing I came in right away
she was in the dishwasher nothing with
God yeah she loves the dishwasher I feel
it created like this Lester Peck has to
know I are the dirty spoons and stuff
Nick was like knit socks excuse me
sometimes I like to live in the
dishwasher cuz I can lick out the dirty
spoon that's what I was doing to say
that you understand what I'm saying
oh I hope you do I love y'all I have a
knock-back dog for that but I have to
say it yeah at the end of the vlog Zach
won't it won't work right now tonight
one I wanna vote no how are you guys
able you know hi newbies did you get
that one Hey she's very um quiet boys
she's told you guys to turn up your
volume while she is speaking the only
thing in it oh hi guys you don't have to
turn up the volume for my voice I think
it's better when Todd does my voice
because when mom doesn't spit womanly
lovely little mom Kendall my advice
absolutely fine
they don't even embarrass your sense
betrayed okay okay what's that now ever
having some food is it fun food on the
go oh yeah make it no I don't actually
member well in here yeah hey what's for
me yeah I wasn't like to nursing dirty
crap
girls get tuna boys get chicken Phyllis
fat dr. mundo if so Fraxel do so
I hate business crap somes months that's
how I feel about it
what the hell you already finished okay
I got in this game to entertain what I
get this games
oh you must mothers by the taxon
equation room so huh stupid business
stupid business we should train one of
the dog 200 dogs in the campaign school
hold to it oh yeah polluter
right and now pressing you the
accountant must kiss me I'll good yeah I
think that you don't probably cook the
books and you can we can cook the books
I read the exit okay present episode
Crispin tomato
I have loads loads of experience in
Business Studies yeah yeah I didn't in
school I never went to school and I was
hoping you guys would forget about that
mmm-hmm
I forgot she's been here me whole life
you have been here don't wanna be an
Eliza you're older than Amelia doe
eight-month you're way more advanced
than the median theory I can work Jesus
I was walking at the back a couple you
think you walked out here mom what I was
I've been walking since I'm in a couple
of weeks she she's a bit slow yes if
it's at all yeah and what however her
milestones now what she don't know she
grabbing things
rapping since I was about to second
authority two seconds old yes grab a
meme as knit you are I suppose she does
that to the boys they'll be fami ah
sure I love ya love ya how big yard how
did you feel about the ending of love
hate
I was I was absolutely devastated to be
honest with today yeah I absolutely
loved that guy brother babe yeah Robert
he was beautiful and now he's dead sorry
if I spoiled it for you if you didn't
watch it Leslie but shirt is your old
boss yeah I took slow to do leave it
save it till next month ISM how long did
it play and repair underwear bomber a
week or two actually a week why didn't I
just tell Dad I saved at the time sure
there's no time for it watch it easy
nice I saved ya give you watch my
youtube be sure to subscribe to my
channel now people bought events
Turner's Bianca navy.com we ever show
you yeah look we actually got one of the
coffee pot things I just don't know if
we ever actually yeah
judging Christ are we goin I don't know
but uh let's make some afternoon coffee
afternoon delight it's that time of the
day when Joey gives something away so
that way you like my little I love it I
love it
watching the vlog or my video yeah like
oh my god you think sticking out is that
your head maybe like he saw the exact
one that was in the video it was like oh
my god that's my wife in the video oh
she's wearing the same clothes what what
how's that even possible
alright lucky dip time oh okay okay no
we're all excited
excited alright that's it I'm breaking
this out and we're gonna shoot a dog so
you guys want to see what I did ahh
looks absolutely the thing I hate that
on the vlog you can't see like well it's
a good thing that you can't see dirt on
the vlog but um you don't like you just
you can't see like dust or like dust
bunnies on the floor anything like that
so then when I clean it just looks
exactly the same
she was talking their face the street ah
okay don't do that because you might
actually like gbz no no anyways when you
watch when you watch that as impossible
oh my god like it was a wedding present
from your end
Oh anyways um so I tidied all I didn't
tidy actually I've haven't cleaned
absolutely everything everything has
been disinfected is it back this hmm
that's going to be on a Christmas album
and guys look this broke and I don't
know how to fix it so like we all have
to fix it I think it's missing a screw
but I think one of the puppies are you
Dola net and right he I need to get my
holiday uh like flowers for that the red
ones do you remember the ones that I
wanted to get oh yeah I wanted to get
them thank you everything and look at
this dr. Johnson's dad and his wife gave
us their army simmering potpourri Oh
Christmas tree and I put this entity in
the earth and see how am I saying scents
a call I think that sort of college in
the Christmas tree I don't know I don't
know if you guys can smell a rose you
can smell it Jonathan I actually when I
was I
you put it in now but wait oh I only put
it in now
Oh stretch it out stretch it out stretch
it out come on we change any B not B
well a yeah he's so cute
there was a disaster situation there was
a disastrous situation but it's okay
I did the changing now I'm doing baby I
know we're supposed to have great Thai
curry today there is Dexter oh great
yeah laughs Dexter on last M o homeland
how are you going to make another season
the homeland I don't know
so hmm can you make Thai green curry
with turkey turkey typing hey ty green
turkey no that's kind of weird isn't it
yeah but we could you could like change
the world of coloring the light
cuz the turkey was we're gonna make the
penne right yeah no what have we done
Nene's what have we done
ruin everything instead of the green
Thai curry we could make
oh my god wife is smoke coming over here
that's what you're having for dinner
you'll be a need now what happening
Bamba or not we're not right even having
that either
can I get done here I gave our who
listen Vaughn wouldn't huh boo boo nah
Varuna not the way I said enjoy feel and
brah
I know you woke me up and mrconfused
don't mind Intimus so hasn't me matter
there wasn't no but there's nothing to
see there now don't be looking at my
Ma's we fear cells in this house exes
oranges and pears the saris vegetables
celebs you know if your passion is the
last you don't say solids at all hottie
any mac and fallen asleep
hi oh geez
falling asleep anyway better ago I went
to tell you that a joke because there
are vets request to me jokes all over
the comment section of the I read the
comments let's don't worry at all I are
with be beaten every comment I would
reply but I don't know how to sleep in
fact I don't even know how to to spin so
I just think you're I can read but I
can't write I didn't get that far in
school so it is
here's your knock-knock joke right give
me excuse me I just need to in fall and
back I'm so tired
knock knock who's there night-night who
night-night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be awesome
ha ha ha
