ah
well hello little princess look how cute
you are with your little castle yeah too
big for you
he's your new princess yeah may my name
is tertullus
to terrorists of the Tertullian clan I'm
very very happy and I'm unable to be sad
due to my stitching certainly I'm a I'm
really unhappy right now but you can't
tell because I have a built-in smile
although hold on a moment I did it I
beat the system finally rabbits mom's
always saying this bunny rabbits run
these here parts
you know if yesterday's vlog was like
shorts actually recorded you know like a
whole loads more stuff to happen
afterwards and then you know I just felt
that like how could I follow on with
anything after talking about that
Connecticut massacre you know I was like
so I just felt like I'm just gonna end
the vlog you know it just does nothing
like I deleted all the footage I just
couldn't I couldn't perform anything but
what nothing there but nothing meant
anything
- that'd ruin our song it's going to be
the best song in the world ever ever in
the history of world this is in fact
amazing performers oh yeah working we're
above our time you can't we can't be
appreciated in in like modern context
time zones
you know we're vertically challenged in
an in a morphic time period of decay ISM
just season stupid red and this using
stupid words oh my gosh look I set up a
geek it's kike calm for drugs a psycho
knee Jolie buy them look at this we're
just thinking video like we did okay you
follow me on them I'm keep thing look
saucony Jolie is my username I'll leave
a link down below it's kind of cool that
if you know where is just basically you
can put up like you see look there like
20 seconds or 15 or 10 seconds or
something I have a little video so I
don't know it's good it's kind of fun
did this effects up anyway follow me on
so as you can tell here the tights have
been changed okay whoo explosion of
course of course so we are about half an
hour early okay and we haven't left yet
oh my god it's the open road
so well run the open road or she could
try to have ourselves a chinwag so apart
from the keep thing okay I have
something else for you guys to do
tomorrow which is tonight does this
video it's gone up 6 p.m. tomorrow and I
am the people over at you now unite are
common think it is asked me to host a
live debate about political change and
environmental structures in the history
of evolution that make wanted Jennifer
keishon no they did not but they didn't
ask me to host a live show it's gonna be
on shows too
and then Ciccone Jolie's is the name of
our show I have a profile thing set up I
think it's just called Safari Jolie I'm
not sure I will put links in the
do believe you can like win prizes you
can win like MacBook Pros camcorders
Playstations we use like amazing prizes
you earn coins by interacting or
something like that I'm not really sure
never learned for don't know much about
it but I was just like yeah yeah I'll do
it I'll do it I'm crazy like that but
it's tonight for you so it's Sunday at 9
p.m. GMT when up you're gonna be there
you're gonna be there because if you're
not I'm gonna be cold right there has to
be like what's up what's up people will
be caught you to get call people tell
people like favorite no no sorry I'm
hanging out with Joe fee he's Joe fee
feel like a little horsey just hanging
about she's like what's up man who's
eaten my eating my grass welcome to the
city lots of funny games
we got everything you want they're
attentive I said welcome to Dublin knows
Dobby double a nose oh god I'm gonna run
away today all stop Arun he's for Joffe
uh-huh
and you guys live in Temple elk for
their trip no no no I filled my full
college further education this is just a
chip up here called Silvio's so I used
to always double on my when I was
drunken and my drunken adventures not
that I condone drinking it's very bad
for you should never do whatever I'm
last year forced and you have no other
reason in your life but to take a sip of
the deadly sin juice then you should do
it and you should go to Silvio's Ray J
see me my godson for drive did you get a
robot dog when did you get him
yeah he's deadly I wish I had a Robo dog
what kind of
ah you have the best dad in the world
yeah it's okay to me
you having fun you having a fun time
okay I was just going to change her the
boys were out picking the cars that the
city boys do Oh boys so hot in here give
it a fire you guys friends
no you sure what to do yeah you gonna
teach me suck this out
Klaas in Dresden too baby now cheering
write that one in there oh my god touch
me
my brother is the official a baby minder
look at the mark today all yours any
thanks God is that Cardinal stuff I was
talking about it's like a double
traditional food but this is coddled
do you have a cuddle media or oh yeah
this media so many kids their picado
oh look he's back friends did you get
the Carlyle international here no no no
no no you hold one end now put two hands
ready what you get you win a prize you
want to go full selection a fine
selection I'm gonna have a potato that's
what we have for dessert in Ireland
hit a joint concert on your potato oh
you get over it
put it on the chair okay again okay get
a crappy paper added away
do you love it carefully opening your
life like you pull the bottom pull this
part here okay so what you remember was
singing and it was like singing away oh
that's gonna be cool a cup with a
biscuit pocket in the cup yeah so much
point is the most bonus child in the
world ever Ken Carson say oh it was her
it was like an epic hair slide he's got
the back of lobby oh uh uh or the
grandma do
second word yeah the priest is that is
that Damien's hard one okay I've never
pressed that one is it oh yeah oh I see
we paid for meetings minions do you want
to see just like like oh he's just
checking his Twitter
description is Pharaoh
or you can take it back to hate the
boots off him and then like they've got
ruffle through your handbag empty so
fascinating oh yeah we have to take off
for other had been searched bye-bye you
ready to go home
yeah here's okay
this isn't your bike this isn't your one
your ones inside your ones just there
actually okay you're so cute
your cartoons oh did you figure it out
is it broken
oh no oh but Siri oh oh boy don't add it
to my calendar now what are you doing
this is how kids travel in style huh
there's your little coupe a hiding floor
it yeah Vince ro oh my goodness
to do that Maltese Albie C must Yankees
minstrel someone's a little insider but
you can smell their dogs Anna oh my god
check this error I don't review
Americans already have this in your like
what you gonna learn about these things
sense circles are amazing it smells just
like a Christmas tree it's incredible
like Yankee Candles were crap
these are amazing
and we're home just gonna have a quick
light snack so I never got to actually
show this to you but today we were
giving away benefit high-flying lip
glosses exciting the sexy six do you
also flash causes drench listen if you
win this my face has been all over it
but yeah this is what we got today so on
if you didn't answer the question
yesterday just go I think we asked the
bedroom seeing that uh-oh uh-oh
okay maybe you'll get a different
version of us oopsies alright I gotta go
I am so tired I drove to Dublin and back
today I'm had a Christmas party and it's
importing an Electrolux good night good
night you'll see guys say goodnight to
Emilia is their boobs there yeah sorry
hold for boobs to be put away then you
can say goodnight to Melia are we good
you say night media I'm gonna say
night-night Amelia hey hey hey yeah yeah
it's your PJs on looking at me do you
see anything oh sorry
Lucy good night night hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony
Jolie's can don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
