Oh TV
so as you can tell Amelia's wide awake
well she's better now when I brought it
down at first she was like asleep on me
cuz I had to wake her off from right now
but the way she won't sleep at noon
again why is I like fluff all over my
face so far though I have to say
we woke at 7:00 and then we had like
playtime on her mat at 8:00 and then by
like 10:00 to 9:00 she was like ready
for her nap and she's supposed to go
down at 9:00 so so I'll see how this
goes tomorrow is gonna be a mess though
because we have to drive all the way to
Dublin then I was thinking about it and
I was like it's actually okay the time
that we have to leave is just where she
takes her nap so it's actually what's up
3 and she takes a nap about 12 so it
kind of worked
yeah grandma is go kisses mommy
and then OMA is my mummy 20 because when
I grew up I always had a grandma and
grandpa and it Mamaw and dad oh yeah
mama Dido is the that is my mom's family
are like they speak Irish to each other
and stuff yeah my dad your family is
funny it's the opposite well on your
honour on my side I never had a grandma
or grandpa I never called anybody whose
names I had an Oman Oprah on my mom's
side cuz my mom's half German and then I
had a no no Anna Nonna on my dad's side
so he never actually had like an Irish
grandma grandpa no my grandfather was
Irish but I called him oppa
don't be a fussy fufu don't be a
fufu your fuzzy football and your fuzzy
fufu yeah oh yeah well huh you know
schedule lies today
your life is planner for you you don't
have to do anything
sit back relax and grow up you ready for
it tire yourself people prepare yourself
DCO ever I'm gonna get old but I choked
forever young
oh my I'm so excited I mean you roll
over I thought comedy actually got it on
video as well I know oh my god you're
amazing
I hate this is the lane right thing here
especially since we got the bigger Jeep
kind of car thing cuz like it's so tight
it's like oh well the alarms always
going off oh we made it we made it we
made it alright the wall of quad like
the cathedral Finbar's Oh gross do it
floor it
punch it let's dim bars everyone each
ever do that when you take care of the
car you don't you still asleep you're
like oh I'm so happy she's still asleep
then you're like is she asleep
tanea like give her a note like a name
she just should just move two fingers
like it's okay she moved the finger
let's go
as much as I wanted to stay asleep it's
kind of better when she's awake cuz I
know she's okay like remember when she
said it's nap time and she's crying for
a while and we were like oh I wish she'd
come down and she'd just stop crying and
we're like oh god she stopped crying I
know this is like so boring filled
because it was poor boys he could just
tell like all the rows like going into
you're just like oh god what the hell is
this
star war
toy alright not to say we've got a car
is what we're looking for
like me and my brother told me that he's
Milan to lighten Lincoln's grandfather
or something and I got a corpse
boy stuff is way better than girl stuff
oh my God look at a c-130 oh yeah did
you did you did you did you did it which
sometimes almost feel like you're
wishing your child's life away just like
oh my god I can relate to older so like
even like one or two and then I can like
fire this stuff and buy that stuff
they're like oh my god I want to pay
with this don't want to pay with that
yeah I mean they would love that it's
like you have to live by curiously to
your children get all the toys but I
want it as a gift it's like a second
childhood
yeah it's like a second childhood oh my
god
a sniper rifle fires up to 12 meters
12:10 foam darts that's amazing
seriously I'm done
my goodness Christmas is so hard
like I was like oh look my first has in
words it's got like Queen on ivory this
is my godson brilliant look at the shop
so that it says huh it has a massive
sign up for it and he doesn't have any
cyclist jibiji
postbox a postbox opposed office for
about 700 million hours I talk today's
model she's going to consist of a post
box post office oh my goodness post
offices at Christmastime Antonius so
right now we are waking your meaning I'm
really changing her nappy are you
joining us have feel is having your feet
down while actually work out because
we're going here the napping change
probably longer I got one of these days
we're gonna get a full day although I
guess maybe got a 90% yeah boom
yum Christmas food academic comfy they
get money company like a smaller copy I
just didn't get anything else all I'm
having for lunch a chocolate cake for
the month of Christmas I'm gonna do this
new challenge and it's really difficult
but I'm gonna have trying to have some
sort of a cake every day for the whole
month of December I call it like it's
like it's love amber vlogmas except it's
called cake miss
pinkness didn't we have a talk about
this media hmm didn't we
major who expose major to minor
okay crap he would like number before we
that's right do one but maybe for now
no no she waited to get a little face no
look you just did know you proud of what
you've done
crazy one I guess I'm already sure did
you look in an elevator not in this
donor think she's liking your head like
this is our room here
except I'm supposed to have a second
boob she was supposed to finish off on
the other boob but she didn't because we
had an explosion and I was a pretty
light explosion yeah I drank the chef's
coat it will say their lives locked the
door so give us Corinne like I'm you
know just like open boy I hate when that
happens you know when you actually
button the whole thing up and then you
realize there's an extra button at the
end and you're like nuts something is
buttoned wrong and then you have to go
through the whole thing and find out
where the button is that has a problem
ah so you know Where's Waldo and Harry
Potter
well they had a child together and
that's it you Potter I think she's
enjoying it that's a chill you enjoying
that oh she likes the rain boy did you
squeakers them no cloud babies oh
there's big ones - I'm sorry complicated
she's the owner Amy's like my ones on
way better company Furby oh god it's
going crazy
anyway look I think I think I've got it
guys she's watching oh you want that
instead oh you know it Mumford and Sons
daily all right what do we give away
today
just remember just a recap okay because
I saw it to some confusion and stuff on
Twitter what I'm about to show you now
it's what you could have won yesterday
on so what I show you tomorrow is that
you know me like because every day is a
day behind like for example that was one
the first day and then these were one
yesterday and then this is one today but
when I'm talking now I'm talking about
tomorrow make sure to follow me on
Twitter oh so you get the question and
if you don't have a Twitter account set
one up or just go to my Twitter profile
and you can just read the question if
you don't want to follow me I don't know
why you won't want to follow me I'm
amazing I say the most profound things
ever when you follow me you read my
tweets all the time you're just like oh
my god that man is amazing what did we
get the meanies oh you put yes this one
no didn't um she guys want some coffee
how about Starbucks this we're gonna do
we're need Starbucks House Blend cafe
mug with real gold coins oh yeah I'd
actually like this one cuz they're
bright it's a bit we did actually look
for the the ones we have the coffee ones
but it didn't do it it sort of a gift
pack you know so am that's we're up for
today so make sure to get the questions
in I'm gonna tweet that out now Oh
family we've already have two winners
third winner is exciting hope you guys
enjoying the Christmas giveaway you
there get to work
alright milk bottle eggs you're breaking
my arm do you realize that you're
breaking my arm my arm is broken I can
no longer sustain this way of life whoa
it's wrapping
thank you it's pretty best that you did
rapping hey dog abuser it's a game plan
okay
Oh abandon baby Oh oh my goodness I'm
sorry you mean yeah
how could you bitchy Pizza Pizza food
you go because you have you got rabies
you're kind of foaming at the mouth a
little my daughter's got rabies and six
adults have been killed after a gunman
opened fire on children and staff after
school in Connecticut most of the
victims were aged between 5 and 10 18
children died at the scene another two
in hospital oh my goodness like what
happened in Connecticut I I don't know
when you become a parent you just it
changes your opinion everything like you
know like in Criminal Minds or any of
those shows where it involves like a
child or something like that it just
changes you down before you be kind of
like whatever kill the kids you know but
now you're like oh my god why don't that
was Amelia I'm just like like when they
talk about unconfirmed by 27 people like
you know 18 kids like when this kind of
stuff happens I'm so happy I live in a
country like Ireland where it is illegal
to own a gun it is illegal to carry a
knife
let alone a gun you know I'm not saying
you know an America you have your right
to defend yourself and you have your
right to have guns and I'm not impeding
on your constitutional rights or
anything like that I'm just give my
opinion that I'm really glad that I live
in a country where it's a league of the
house a firearm because like even if I
had one in my house you know I just feel
that like even if I had a weapon in the
house I'd feel that like why didn't
someone broke into the house right and
they got through acted before me and
killed me with my own weapon that was
there to protect myself so I'm just like
I have an alarm system on the house
that if my alarm goes off it calls the
Guardian let the police and the police
come here and that's let them deal with
it you know well I'm like oh it's just
so sick it's just so sick I don't know
why someone would ever do that to a
child like you know like I'm not
belittling when it happens to adults you
know but I catch are like how can a
child wrong you anyhow to make you want
to go do that
that's just hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
