do come buddy do it for me come on I
miss the last time go ahead mmm and
little in the vet said roll over
over
Oh Connie I used to have the moves
mm-hmm
what if she like asks you and she's love
order to do breakdancing for her you
have to practice nobody she good in
Bournemouth you did a windmill thing you
know so your dream came true there's a
dead bird in your hair Oh what is that
oh there's an I in it there's not an I
in it where oh my god there is an I in
it no who's the cat oh she's gonna eat
it get down
Oh Lord get a tissue Oh your dream maybe
your telepathic or something how did
your genius function okay oh you forgot
the chicken nice job everyday we always
forget what most days we forget to take
care of I love the chicken us up right I
know but loads of times you're like oh
no I forgot to go chicken or turkey or
meat or something grocery shopping as a
last you know it's so funny you're like
the middle of day you're like all right
I forgot to take it out and then that's
it collagen if you're in the same
situation where you defrost lots of food
forget to take it out and then just
order takeout instead and then you end
up with a mountain of it all right
that's a nice everything today
Anna's going to pick the price what is
it okay so it's this mavala
Holiday Collection Halle it's a holiday
collection it looks like it anyways red
diamond violet diamond black diamonds
sparkling silver and a topcoat fixator
and I actually really like these
polishes I don't have any of those
colors but I like mavala and then this
stuff I've never tried but I thought it
looked good so
it's the bailiffs and Harding which is
like you know the the fancy what I was
saying you won't put in there at like
posh people put in their bathrooms not
like us we have my boy the pommel orse
um we have um yeah you got like what
everyone has is that these on whatever's
on opera we got it but yeah if you want
to go fancy Oh press this on here
anyways
also I don't know if you know if you
mentioned but everything is the same
worth the same amount yeah some of them
are a little bit more someone little bit
less but we can under asking so that it
would be fair so that's why there's like
two of them yeah anyways so this is
because by twelve presents frosted
cranberry cleansing soap and you get
look front frosted cranberry glitter
body wash so you get glittery and then
this is frosted cranberry body lotion so
it's kind of Christmasy
that's something in this kind of hair
had me take it an excuse me now I am not
really paying attention to you
did you want a joke kisses and not nice
joke
well I have one for ya come on I need to
get me face after that right you ready
knock knock who's there
baby baby you baby Jesus it's a
christmas-themed you know and go and
doing Lord the Christmas Christmas
teemed knock-knock joke okay is there it
hold on my brother's just wanna know
where a female top would just step it
now step at it are worried okay now I
just I'm obsessed with this car no
disease or something inherited I need to
get Co oh I think it's sweet how'd you
know to my face sometimes at night me
Dad you struck the sweet wrappers and
say from the couch and Kenny no I didn't
say to information now excuse me excuse
me theater step stealing miss Battley
okay
if another joke for you know go work
okay and knock knock who's there
thank one I I left I left - turn back
yeah yeah
Kojo okay okay I'm just I'm being
distracted by that back off you know
what I mean okay
listen to me now listen right knock
knock he's there jingle jingle he'll
thank you page please ah what is that
what is that what is that is that okay
oh oh oh it's gonna kiss you right there
and test it
no Amelia I mean there you can't go
sleep you have to keep awake you have to
stay awake
I'm sorry this mommy's rules you have to
stay awake no no no you can't go sleep
no our flag yeah you're not gonna see if
you shed look no no right toe pinch toe
pinch no pinch hi hi how's it going
you're at you have to stay awake
unfortunately okay it's new schedule
today mate good day mate hmm good day
mate oh yeah thanks she's so good these
clothes are from Australia Australia she
knew it Australia's do you Simon Baker
is from Australia stay tuned for scenes
for next episode now right you wanna go
to the meerkat huh
meerkat open market to come look at the
market you get some tasty num nums let's
do it
I no one ever told me that this was
going to happen if you lose weight look
look it's like oh just Oh Craigs I'll
just put that back on now it's like oh
just oh crap
it just keeps happening I never knew
that your hands shrunk what my wedding
ring was even fit look don't you see how
much like look at that
nothing
look how much finger fat I lost he keeps
falling off all the time and that's why
you might notice I don't wear a lot in
the box because Humanitas of English
like lost it but I am awesome that's how
I know if I put into it by the time
Christmas is over it won't fit because
I'll be too fast oh man meet Peter Andre
of like similar bodies you've noticed
that mysterious girl what is this 1994
something not dating at all when he's
like seriously is this 1994 I know
that's not TLC that first time I had I
was like oh my god you ain't got no
patch
I knew original version of the song
alright
here blue non-conditional guys from a
tear from super crafty roaster people
were out of mourning growlers Latvia the
rebel one there I'm going to be a river
from the rebel culture doesn't recall
for canard
well it's called Ravel coffee yeah I
probably mr. Ravel family
I'm from Big Smoke Ginetta mean Charlie
I'll turn your guys
is it a is it cryptic is a triptych the
cryptic trick terms so I don't want a
little bit overboard with these a few
stickers here look it's going dish and
you guys live in Staten Island you live
on Staten Island Anna's best friend
lives in Staten Island mm-hmm
look you put like stickers like
everywhere all over it oh crap welcome
Irish polish or English story English
'we item
continue packet or Parcel personal years
the United States oh wait should we take
the gun out of it oh my god we decided
we're gonna go to the bagel bar exciting
adventure when you have kids when you
have kids it's kind of like the small
things natural just getting out of the
house to do something is like so
exciting what with this new schedule
your phone
one
automatically Pacific
little person
but anyway the new schedule doesn't
actually allow you to leave the house
the new book actually say one person
must remain at home at all times prepare
not to leave the house for three months
I was like forget that actually yes I
used I have to use upsetting to express
my discontent for that problem so it's
like leaders basically live - what's
your name in the girl anyway Tina for
you I'm not dissing her anything she
yeah yeah but it's kind of like some of
the stuff is like oh wait a second like
let's adopt some of those but not all of
them just say that
yes please chicken Christmas bagel yummy
he's going to get it at the mail
you just get it at the ham
it's business
all right em let's hope is the right
place for mezzanine afternoons now I
specifically requested extra Christmas
she is nice she's always a girl that's
there I get that number and forming a
good time
is that her No
is what I am when I moved to the UK to
the University and I did like what's
called a top of degree so I did like two
years in RA and then I move on QK and I
carried on you can do that and the
universities are connected or it's do it
you cast and you cast is like what they
use in the UK I don't want to use none
lcao
order of university level
yeah I failed miserably in school so I
don't I didn't really got to participate
in that but if I did well my University
exactly you did really well in school so
- combined we are the perfect academic
team yeah Jeremy Leah so in the end when
I went over I got to do the induction
for first years with all the first years
of mostly the attractive and I got to
hermanas but there was girl I get in
there she came to your birthday who are
your 21st she's really nice yeah Joey
I think so Oh
in stonee I think
it goes Estonia but yeah it's just
pointing us
that's just an interesting conversation
charge because that girl that
you're a bagel bar man point that's
Bagatelle look with you you see that the
whole place
oh man look um it wasn't for you I do
actually
- a pass
I'm posed to be good
well it's actually putting a prequel
it's about bailable
always much younger
give me comments UNC be a hobbit and I
show me jealous of you spend your life
stop free yeah she displeased with Emily
she disappears everything she says but
she disagrees for anyway there is cute
though Oh which one do you think Amelia
you would you like want get the Jean
afford for every color
whoo fatherhood
I need that shot sees the new number one
contends that available we have a
Content baby
yeah crazy let's get the e-book maybe
this best book ever don't we get that oh
yeah we just want some common things up
you know that you don't actually like
okay you don't follow me on twitter is
easy to a but if you if you don't have a
Twitter you can just go just go to the
homepage or Twitter
yeah I quit er account portal cramps and
Joey and you can actually just read the
questions there key one I ran like send
someone feeding
wait no toilet years for me and you
so happy you have to be kind of drunk
when you think oh no are you ready ready
hey here's the beer here's the big
here's to me maybe is something like
their birthday denies the entire
thinking already yeah you know one of
the two songs an action like she
actually tried at a different baby watch
there the other day and I the same form
but like it's not it's crazy if you go
and you actually go to a shop and get
this right and then just smell it
I just makes me happy it's like
happiness in a bottle oh how horrible is
the wetter all right I'm gonna be really
serious here for a second this is really
mean I'm really serious but I'm just I
saw on the news there again that another
young teenage person Ireland has killed
himself and I came out of I don't know
like how you get to that point like I
know I was bullied in school and I
completely retracted myself and I
remember like I just like closed down
inside myself and that's how I ended up
in that school st. Jacqueline's which is
a school for kids who have emotional
problems because I just pretty much
disconnected from society and I don't
know like maybe if it kept going I might
even contemplate killing myself because
I never felt it ever ended like it was
horrible time in my life and went on for
a long time but you know I just another
girl in Tony Cole killed herself
yesterday and her sister had killed
herself recently as well and it's like
and it's all it's like online bullying
crap that goes on which in the real
world is so stupid like he doesn't mean
anything and it's so you're almost angry
at the people that have done it and why
did she do it and you know I'm just like
if you if you know anyone or you are
involved in anything like that I'm not
talking about stupid stuff on the
comments on YouTube or Twitter whatever
like like a hardcore bullying there's so
many different levels to it and it is
the worst thing you can do like you
might realize how badly you're
alienating somebody or how you can make
the feel of forcing them to take the
like killing themselves like it's so sad
you know and I just want to say that
like you know if you are ever
experiencing that and you ever think
that it's gone too far as I like you
just do send me a message on facebook or
twitter or something and i'll talk to
you like and tell you that like it does
get better and the people that are doing
it are just disgusting like it is so
horrible choking me nia mom got a book
mom got a book everything's gonna be
okay it's not right so cute
you're such a good know that you know
that hmm you're such a good girl
mommy's got a book everything's gonna be
okay
your life is about to be scheduled yeah
and you feel about that whatever you do
don't take a timeout
roll over oh do it again do it again
yeah yeah yeah right
something's happened to me do it again
come on picture come on Linc go ahead
looking strong she is do it oh oh oh do
it do it do it come on do it for me
come on I miss the last time go ahead
mm-hmm and little in the vet said roll
over
Fela crying oh my god
I know these are so old thanks for gonna
be leaving Oh see she's gonna be
crawling oh no I don't you leave and
she'll want to grow with her promise
Johanna at the door oh my god
cuz that's amazing what you're doing
right there my teachers got up
oh is it you got a rose she's so like
watch this oh my god no are you taking
me Instagram oh it's the best amazing
thing I ever happened in my life okay
okay I don't wanna do a tiki gram
like she's up on her elbows you know I
mean yeah
Amelia I still Mon come on for the ghost
oh wow oh the way she does that in her
neck it's just it's amazing great
I gotta bury on February 1 go again
hey Mimi yeah thank you yeah
we should daddy yeah
hello he good you know okay so for the
first time ever
Amelia's not here she's upstairs to
sleep oh my goodness I feel like it's so
lone she regret everything
no I know but I miss her so much it's
like where's my little friend
we have there monitoring the angel care
teeny upstairs looking after her now and
then tonight I don't want to put her in
a crib I don't want to put her in the
crib I miss her too much no face you
don't even see her at night I think you
don't know you don't know I wake up I
wake up and I have little time whenever
we talk and stuff what do we know what I
do to wish she watches a night and then
I hop into bed at her and then evil
smuggles and I mind her when you do your
makeup and stuff and oh god and you guys
ever have to do this the first time I
don't know we'll see what happens I fear
Ruby no sleep tonight it's just the oh
all night love listening to the monitor
it's sleeping in the landing bring sleep
bags into the landing we just sleep in
the lining inside a drawer with the
monitors on hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's can don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
ha
