it is where your in to win benefit
high-flying Glossop and Body Lotion like
never bass headphone fancy a hand washes
cut he's like awesome little sock it's a
radio-controlled helicopter nanos
peri-peri sauce
we got Starbucks sparkly SERPs nerf gun
guys got this the babyliss cord keeper
I'm gonna get to point I'm gonna get you
what do you need anyway
do you have to do that with normal
vacuum no oh that's quite disgusting
well I wouldn't
I know abandoned no oh my God look at
hollaby oh you guys missed anything but
he had his he just peeked his head
around the door and he was just like
hello I'm ten minutes the most exciting
time of our lifetime will be why because
it will be well I'm not trying to get it
on the second what there's 12 seconds of
12 minutes into 12th hour oh I like your
document I mean he has no gem time again
no no no engine world is the 21st of
December oh we're like we were just
talking to Twitter their time in the
answer wait oh my god it's coming so
cool and I think you ruined everything
Australians oh yeah they had it
yesterday they already know oh my god
they're like yeah we did that
we on that this is Robins this is
disgusting the thing you don't do
despite us because the mountain is full
of spiders oh yeah I know
oh my god wait for it wait for it wait
for it wait for it wait for it wait for
it
there we go
official confirmation from Australia
they're alive
so we survived to talk to the toddler
Klopp Klopp Klopp 12 huh
here I can next and next big hurdle is
the old into the main calendar which is
in 21st which is 19 so we've nine more
vlogs till the end of the world
apparently so hmm Jimmy just like assume
should I just like just get out find
details and visa card numbers and stuff
huh come on up we pop up we pop oh you
gotta close the gate your little
monsters sneak up it's Jim time someone
has an appointment the gym class hey I'm
here for acrobatics acrobatics Jim time
whoa oh let the Sun came out right all
right girl
do you dance routine 5 6 5 6 7 8 well
it's kickball change into turnover here
we go and kick ball change
heel kick out toe turn media come on
this is headed in a roll over here she's
gonna do it
she's gonna do it do it come on you can
do it believe in it believe in yourself
or look the lights off the legs up legs
up
steve carell good she's gonna do it oh
oh so remember that one time like a
couple of days go where I put a media
den in her crib at the same time it's
like 1 o'clock I put her in her crib and
I decided to do the same things that it
would kind of did a bit of a little like
morning routine thing and I kept her
awake until now I like wouldn't let her
go to sleep I was like playing with her
like hey you know so we had tummy time
we play her toys and stuff and then my
mom came over and my mom came over at
about like quarter to 1:00 and so we sat
in the nursery for a little bit and then
and she play with my mom and then I put
her down and we left the room when she's
left her mobile playing and there hasn't
been a peep out of her since so we have
to be really quiet okay
yes same time wonderful I know I'm gonna
let her sleep until it - because I don't
want her to sleep too long during the
day cuz the problem is that last night
she slept he she slept till 9:00
yesterday 110 it was like 9 or 1/2 night
and then she didn't shoot it I don't
sleep very well last night cuz she just
kept waking up so the goal is to not let
her sleep too much during the day just
like one hour kind of bursts here and
there so we're gonna try this but that's
such a good start I'm so impressed with
that she didn't need anything she didn't
need to be nursed rocked she just had
her mobile and then when it wasted out I
thought I would need to wind it back up
again yeah
nothing we should sell babies no you
should make perfectly seriously I feel
like next time we're gonna get like some
hard hair yeah because she is just so
easy
my mom always says though it's because
like content parents make content babies
you know I dunno if I am super content
oh I am reading ain't no but later or
not well you are but you have that
temper we don't talk about me know what
you know you're like your dad like you
just like you kinda but that doesn't
mean that we're not content people I'm a
Content person I'm just passionate about
things yeah that's why I get like crazy
sometimes Koenig website but yeah so
maybe our next one will be like really
fiery or something what do you think
what the hell are you doing come on get
out it's way too cold get out get out
get out get out dear peepees so she
lasted a good 50 minutes I wanted her to
maybe stay down for the full hour but
she
10th - now it's a little bit after 10:00
to 2:00 so she lasted quite a while but
um I filmed my video so that was the
meaning thing until I kind of wanted to
get done while she was napping and she
did well jofi will you change her not be
cuz she was down for a while I'll feed
her then after um see I'm quite happy
with that
I think she's doing really well for like
her second time down in her crib can
have a day with a good song in your life
mum first sound I always mind the moment
son but I need to get to petroleum
because it's a no Liam so some of you
guys may have seen on Twitter yesterday
and you were like what what's that about
it's a secret Twitter thing it's not
really a secret anymore
but because today is the first day of
Christmas my true love sent to me so you
know we're gonna do oh holy cow I'm
gonna dance on Twitter today but it
won't be on this blog til tomorrow
so you should be following me on Twitter
or you've just lost your church so every
day on Twitter I'm going to ask the
question for the next 12 days
day of Christmas Jovie ask you and then
last question and then you have to
answer that question in the comments of
the vlog of that day
and you will win something holy crap
yep because I was twice like I really
wanted to give to charity and I really
wanted to give to you guys and then you
know I was like ah know what to do and
then I was like I'm fine you know I'm
gonna give a charity you know and I was
like okay that's what I'm gonna do and
then I love you guys and it's Christmas
and you just been so much joint mine we
were shopping there for our family
recently we got you the whole list of
all the family something I was like but
what about my 62,000 besties
you guys are my besties you know I want
to say sixty one thousand eight hundred
okay there's about 200 but um it's
nothing on oh my god I should do twelve
days of Christmas giveaway oh yeah every
day for the next 12 days I'm gonna 24
Gus announcing on the 25th I think what
I'll do is that I'll pick my winner each
day and then under 25th I will announce
to 12 winners and what the prizes are
because I don't know what the prizes are
yet okay I haven't a clue I just thought
about this and I was like boom I'm gonna
go with it I'm impulsive like that I'm
like boom just do it twelve days of
Christmas I'm gonna come up with some
sort of thing as well like say if I ask
a question but anyway I'm gonna ask the
questions on Twitter so if you're not
following me on Twitter
the link down below is at Jonathan Jolie
is my name yo also known as Joe P
saucony Cheerilee that's what I go by
yah but I Jonathan Jolie the link is
down below I say as the sexual played on
her play mat while I clean well I came
home she was who is awake
just like faster uh-huh hey MA hey mom
calm down
what's GPM plan this is good like this
is the best you've ever done in terms of
judgment so far it's just cheap precious
little all right
oh you mean yes yeah he then Tomi time
zone Jim time you've done nap time
you've done second Jim time whenever
that's called playtime if she didn't
loads though Hey Ya Ya Ya Ya evey no
licking of the baby
see leopard gray leopard on my hat and
on my cardigan I got this cardigan like
four years ago when we lived in
Bournemouth it was my first ever a sauce
purchase there is news for you anyways
um I'm gonna take the dogs for me go for
a walk ease guys what yeah you didn't
get one yesterday I'm so sorry about
that but I will make it up to you I
swear if the schedule to be honest is a
schedule that I found for a
four-month-old so she is a month behind
or like a month younger so I'm guessing
that at four months you'll have more
awake time so that's probably why she's
sleeping through a lot of the activities
but right now she's supposed to just be
in her swing with Daddy while I take
well I walk dogs come off dogs at 3:00
it's like 20 pass now I need to get a
move on to check out in the parking
it's VIP parking yo VIP
all right we're going more Christmas
shopping
we're green Christmas shopping for our
bestest friends excited is our plan
right I'm gonna go we're gonna go
Christmas shopping I bought my friend
here with me do debenhams we've got 12
bestest friends not you Amelia
so this is like working out working it
out as we go along put a new plan
right it's how we're gonna work this is
that I don't know
Oh put ugh not old Artin go to old lower
ground upstairs granite Oh programs
middle I don't know middle dirt so we're
gonna get the 12 price and every day we
announce the prices of that thing get it
yes you know that girl engine yummy the
driver
oh my so so we're gonna get to 12 prizes
right this is working says you go we're
gonna get prizes right and then everyday
we will announce what the prize is for
that day then I will ask the question on
Twitter and then you have to get the
answer well obviously you know I love
you I'm gonna make the question easier
but then you can answer the question in
the comments in that video
then we'll announce all the winners on
Christmas Day under 25th I know and I
just got all confusing and something
that but I will be checking who's been
naughty and who's been nice yes you know
have to be an AI subscriber no Amelia
will be checking because I was just like
get everyone all right go you pick six
and our Pick six
I've never taken elevators as much as
you do when you have a baby open might
you I'm actually stuck there that make
the turn
oh that I'm gonna knock everything over
sorry sorry your mommy benefit I
wouldn't know I wouldn't see the benefit
in it he's kind of hard because I'm like
I know you guys are between the ages of
turkey and 70 I know that your boys
annually from every country into every
single different thing so it's so hard
to do this you know to try and evenly
disperse it you know we're getting there
is where you're in to win in to win we
have the benefit high-flying glasses
parodies are awesome body wash and body
lotion I think these two which is this
is what Anna said she wanted to win it's
like never
I think we're popping these together so
it's like one prize they you've got this
skinny dip bass headphones what are
these called Bellus and Harding I think
these are like fancy and hand washes cuz
I remember we were always saying like
you know like in the fancy people's
houses he always had the nice fancy hand
wash that's what that is awesome little
socks something special I think their
socks then I was like oh my God look at
this it's a radio-controlled helicopter
so if you have dogs and you want to
chase them around the house go for that
Nando's Nando's peri-peri sauce and the
oats were cooking the corn and the thing
to put the corn on yummy if you ever
wonder if even wanted to taste Nando's
you got Starbucks you get at the house
branded a Starbucks coffee - Starbuck
mugs and some actual real gold seriously
that's real gold these are like sparkly
zippers I think they're really cute they
are size four to five nerf gun guys I
was like I want to get stuff that boys
are gonna like - you know it's not all
girly stuff you know so I was like all
right helicopters and guns can't really
go wrong we got this the babyliss cord
keeper retractable - it's a hairdryer
essentially that's what it is joking no
thanks single day for the next 12 days
somebody's going to win something and
what we'll do is that everyday we'll
just announce what it is that we're
going like today's video it's going to
be four
Oh cats bones skinny-dip headphones
headphones it's for em yeah
today you're winning this this is
essential we're winning I will ask the
question on Twitter hats gonna work is
that every day I think I'll ask a
question on Twitter so make sure to
follow me on Twitter answer the question
in the video and then we'll pick a
winner every single day and then on
Christmas Eve or Christmas Day after
you've opened your presents struct your
face of food come on over to the vlogs
and have a second Christmas win to him
whoa dad hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the sakuni
Jolie's - don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
