my name up it only nor my name is yet
but that is trying to convince mom to
bring me home for you so then that
continuous four ways would you like that
just be to convince
oh hey sleepyhead
he had hi hi there morning good morning
yeah do you have a nice sleep did you
have a nice sleep did you
oh yes oh good
why no I did not wake her she was awake
she was awake huh
tell mom I didn't wake you come on you
woke up naturally sometimes you have to
just wake him up to have a look at them
I love her so much today and I think
that she can't get better than tomorrow
I'll probably look at her and be like Oh
or like when I'm like driving somewhere
and she's in the back of the car and
then I get like ah I miss her you know
it's so I like get out and I take her to
the car and I have a look at her again
I'm like oh she's so cool I miss you all
the time I miss you when I blink yeah
you made me so happy I never thought
that a baby would make it as happy you
know even your own parents like I love
you so conditioning you're like yeah
whatever mom right kids I'm gonna hit
they're so stupid you know everything
you have kids your own you're just like
I get it I get it I get the sacrifice
and a willing to give and all I carry on
I get picking a child's nose he's mommy
picking your nose really big in your
nose o people o people o Hebert is it
bad time your attic your JEP ik hmm are
you doing FaceTime or are you supposed
to didn't tell me time this one looks
more like FaceTime
we gonna crawl we're gonna crawl come on
come on come on girl come on come on
come on crawl over here I think it's
easier when the surface is harder yeah
probably
come on come on you can do it you can do
it you gonna talk as well I'm gonna say
your first word and your first crawl at
the same time are you multitasking yeah
you multitasker oh I think if you can
ruse a little bit there we did cuz she
put her knees in and then she pushed up
huh yep court push okay Amelia on the
next push mm-hmm Oh
breaking ground never going backwards
why do you go backwards how do you go
backwards yeah you taking a pit stop
this is what happens when manager has to
do something in the batter
the water is supposed to go in the bat
Nene's not the floor
oh goodness is a lot of it this is more
of a cleaning mop not so much a it's not
exactly what it is
where's the batteries the batteries
their stuffs no feel like I don't need
to go to gym anymore
because I carry a baby around all day
long sometimes you have to do this for
ages you know like she doesn't just want
to like sit in her swing she just want
to lie in her little playing my team
she's mind sitting her own just one sit
in the crib just wants to be like I
don't know a muse or stimulator
somewhere and she's only happy when
you're like walking around her so you
end up walking around there like this
for hours and then you're not doing
everything one hand which you know daddy
is pretty good at that but now when
you're holding a ball in the other hand
you reach a problem where you've no
hands now I am not very good at doing
things no handedly leave me a comment if
you have the skills to do things no
handedly or let me know what the
technique is for that but at the moment
it's like I can like have to put things
down and then like back away slowly
like this that's ready okay let's go
what the hell is going on in here
entertainment time I said immediately
immediately yeah that's you you're
really great what hate okay can I get an
applause or something oh okay let's get
her I'll be doing away I was in the way
i'll be-i'll be-i'll be-i'll be-i'll is
in the way or it goes side shuffle oh
yeah
hipster look at me good mommy where's my
yeah give a ah there's always a rumor
yeah she's always a rumor
your mom's a lunatic your rubber up the
wrong way and she goes like crazy you
know you could be ankeny me down yeah
yeah
have you got a song go Amelia doggy call
Bianca Bianca
oh no oh
cut cut cut rapid no no this is not a
reward system
exactly exactly
no beep beep that's what okay oh my god
come on don't cry
Hey look let's try this little technique
go on an adventure
you ready to go on an adventure you
looking at this well okay yeah hey like
this all day here huh boop boop boop
boop boop boo mm-hmm check Gingka Jane
Jane
those always would be scary driving here
and watch the sensors oh one orange
let's see we can see yeah an orange one
it's scary
oh you're just too good at driving you
know what it is doing the first time
here and in here I was like oh god oh
god I got two three oranges I know is
that working yeah
nuts last time series it was like it was
like because I was like it's like
sensors are in the car and sometimes
you're sitting in traffic and somebody
walks close to your car it's like baby
baby please bike away from the car not
really but and it's kind of scary
sometimes oh goodness I don't hit the
elevator because we have a baby not
because we're lazy
grams
you wanna play snakes and ladders in
media oh let me just skip to this ladder
here
oh gee one we want did it roll the dice
like I like would inserted toys that
kind of cool it's this the best toy ever
find and make it scary look you can't
make anything I think it's like you just
get cardboard in these cookies oh my
goodness do you guys actually you know
who did you have Chris was like the
cardboard box literally that is what you
got for Christmas is the cardboard box
cool
oh yeah it's dandelo can you put the
shapes in it cause it's like one of
those boxes for shapes it's like right
for three months for me me as well this
one's eight months
oh oh yeah but like the eight months is
like forever baby's asleep baby's awake
you like him Melia hey Amelia my name up
I'd only nor my name is yet but that is
trying to convince mom to bring me home
for you something that continues for
ways like that just to convince mom yep
leave comments Oh mom
that should get this for me
diversity oh my God look we bought all
the puppets for Christmas not to be
taken a template or before Christmas by
any means necessary
I'm saying what we can enter the actual
stage of an actual stage I made wooden
stage can I get them all to go or all to
stay are just all of them anyone asks
there is a facebook giveaway but we
don't have a table number so look we can
actually look at Tesco from here look
this is a nice little spot I am for it
look at that chunk look at the chunk you
slice Nina it's a chunky slice you see
Christmas think you just eat it because
in a better month's time there'll be no
Christmas cake left the Christmas cake
monsters will come and steal at all high
and because the cancer
Loki moon oh no keep everything covered
Oh Oh
want some rocket salad birthday get your
puppets I know you know in the shower I
always have dinner together like that
between the layers skin yeah
but even in the shower sometimes I go
from behind her and like squeegee in
there and then I look at her and I hope
you'll see little bit
your funky baby she was so funny
last one that's when I told her she was
like sitting there it's like totally
wanting himself up - they need me to
like shop or anything you should make
she's looking at all the things on the
in there
the difference from Callaspo we go to
the next one
use your bow you need to put your bow on
much better
mm-hmm yeah seems we must be teasing
because I just fed you and so you're not
hungry but you just keep sucking when
she was looking at the window there
because it's actually it's just Tesco
but it's kind of interesting for her and
she's got her blankie this is called a
tigey Isaac tigey's so let's close yeah
taggi so she likes this one
look how fun is this the dogs hot got it
one day and they chewed the doggy
taggi I'm not weird didn't even didn't
chew anything else it was just the doggy
horn they must have known those silly
dog he was dead
hi oh my god that was so funny if you
remember we're in Valley City and I was
like oh my god look there's like my
roommate the guy used to live it when I
was in like where University I just came
across the girl that I used to do but
the truth was myself pretty a joke and
it's so funny that I was just saying
like we were never taught that I was
gonna be the first one that was going to
actually have a baby and get married his
Joe's getting mine now and she's not
mine I was like oh my goodness let's
hope when you open it everybody look at
me scorn a teenager
it's a coca-cola truck kinda nice wonky
wheel it's like it's like half stuck oh
you can't move them on this thing yeah
huh you see mommy's here huh
it's mommy young Oh My gods a
dressing-gown you know when your head
coming out of the shower and it's all
cold well show me you want you really
shook the foundation see if you can get
one in maltese colored or what have you
just got a big box of tippex and like
tipped out all the black dots too small
should we actually have one of them I
think for Christmas we'll just get t/o a
pair of slippers
how about totes once because that's what
he likes the most we buy him like tons
of toys but all the everyone since my
slippers
you can't walk past so we're pressing
this squeeze you can buy an actual
lightsaber like a real one you know that
yeah yeah that's crazy they have them in
Tesco you know but they're deadly
weapons use them to defeat the dark side
oh gosh
because they're limited edition oh it's
limited edition it means you have to get
it Nene what pink Pritt stick what
difference does it make it's not like
anyone knows that you use the pink one
another
pink sound tape no I got to put my foot
down pink cell of a nutjob oh yes and I
would like to State for the record I did
make a mistake as I grew up in Terra
near we had the young monopoly -
monopoly's Dublin Edition because you
know Kimmage was on it and chrome
and we'd always fight about the ones
terror was not varnished or temple oak
I think wreck-gar was not wrap minds is
honor but am idiot I just remember
collage reading the comments is like oh
crap
do you remember them mm-hm
well you have six Maltese now so Oh guys
I'm just gonna get them all going or do
you have a big sword fight with these
like knock everything over and be cool
much and I'm like yeah and then knocked
you into that and they all fell over ah
whoa careful knees you take things too
far time yourself you don't know the
limits you don't know your own strange
that's right I was always told as a kid
like in the almost Rory on one and even
Street north
oh if there are walkies is there a
walkies everyone huh is there a walkies
what we all put ling up here for what's
mom got huh it's mommy yeah what if I
ate your ear being that I taught you
were gonna have five stars
there was talk goodness look at this we
got this nice reap thing here is that
pretty
you want a sloppy kiss from that that
sloppy kitten
that of my flapping
flippers Flav call it share it break it
bouncing pop it
oh my goodness what you want yeah I got
any videos up first because you know you
know it green Thai curry from the
grossest man a little fashion that's is
that's his song oh yeah got that cooking
up a storm
oh yeah and there's no walking dead
anymore just kind of sad
although oh just get that juice guys
watch it last we could it was like it
was like they you know David and run
like a crazy cuz I find another like on
the next episode in February
you're kind of like in February oh I
can't wait that long
well I guess yeah but don't worry
come eat Joey's everyday 6 p.m. GMT 10
a.m. PST no idea 3 a.m. a straitly at
time no idea the rest of the world
sorry about that well Central European
Time I think it's what like eight are
they like an hour ahead
what like Germany when at 6 p.m. here
with huh 7 p.m. 7 p.m. Central European
Time what time is it in Russia Eastern
European time you can let me know if you
want in the comments below that would be
fantastic
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
