there is a debate in my head an internal
debate do I need to change her whole
outfit because of this where I could
just quickly wipe that down and it will
be done you know
knock knock who's there
Christmas who Oh Bianca this week how
are you gonna get the stars because I
decided every time I go into black
mm-hmm every day I'd went back and what
you do at the start I guess I get to go
to all my house oh that seems good
though do you think you're gonna get the
five it's no fair Caribbean Tina and I
was going to with myself and I never
pictured you make a good point and I
might also say even up you knock knock
jokes for a woman are you yeah I'm gonna
tell her every day good one nicotine
yeah
you really are a nice person and you owe
me that that's the problem people just
don't get to know you you watching the
show Amelia you're watching the show
these are my friends these are a few of
my favorite things when Albee barks
Wendy and give marks
I think of an island and I can see Dan I
don't feel so bad
that's a nice jacket you got there no
fur yeah I expect I'll get there to
collect it up for the next like few
years and I'm gonna make a big coat out
of it just the whole like baring her
teeth thing not never at a human but no
no he's a deeper mm you watching the
show this is your dog show
huh the wild beats of Kentucky sure it's
Kentucky but for me I'm not quite sure
mom I couldn't sound like Bert or Ernie
are you sure which one no my finger he
puts us in her back slides into the back
for a good crunch crunch get them get
the big teeth down there he's a bit of a
biter
wait like not you know out of aggression
or anything right I noticed like
sometimes if he gets too excited and
you're rubbing him he'll start don't do
that holy yeah yeah you know that nip
you and I'm like oh my god when we first
met our neighbor or it was one of the
first times that we ever met our
neighbor and he asked me yeah yeah see
what Amelia's name one for some reason I
got like completely confused I don't
know why it was like the stupidest thing
ever I just had like one of those blank
moments and I'm just trying to remember
what is me remember it all I could think
was like yeah Bianca do blot are you
ready kids
yeah and it almost said
Nevaeh like nube I was on the tip of my
toes Halloween or something yeah and
then at the last minute I remember it
but it probably took me like a couple of
seconds he's like oh what's your baby's
name because how could you go back in
the dog's name
second week of Advent oh that's when
you're good that's what Sanji car that's
what Santa cones
this is our Advent wheat type of job'
reverie collar is the laundry department
the present Oh Department the tree
department the mom and baby Department
the dog department TV Department placed
apartment
olfi Department real Christmas tree
department
it's a beauty I was gonna stick it in
there to see if I can maximize in the
smell edge but uh
smells like happiness it's one like this
lies because it's a cinnamon stick that
says Christmas Eve okay where is the
yeah oh it's actually in the room happy
this is my technique for making coffee
for to see you measure out the amount of
water you need pop it back in the kettle
boil the kettle put it back in there
thingy and measure it up it's somewhere
in here is what we're looking for is our
target our target mm coffee coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
coffee this is always the debate okay
yeah a little bit of a poet just this is
the debate okay little poo explosion
here right just change to nappy out but
there's nothing else anywhere right
there is a debate in my head an internal
debate do I need to change her whole
outfit because of this where I could
just quickly wipe that down and
be done you know it's always a debate
you know it mundos in your head you
always sit there anything can I get away
with it can I get away we're not having
to do a full computer change
well aren't you mrs. goody-goody boots
somebody out there has the internal page
and normally the debate wins but
sometimes sometimes I just think like
come on the deal for change
he needs a shave God are you doing
Movember for your legs leg member it's
kind of funny when you are when you're
like self-employed and you don't
necessarily have a Monday to Friday 9:00
to 5:00 job kind of work like seven days
a week yeah like they don't work like
traditional hours sometimes I like work
all night sometimes I like work all day
I just got to do whatever I want you
know as long as I get my projects
completed and stuff like that you know
and it's like you kind of what you
missed out on is appreciating the
weekend per se you know like it's a
Sunday and I just want and I try really
really hard I would sit down it's like I
tried really really hard to make the
weekends weekends I try and make Sunday
like a Sunday cuz I've been working
since I was about 13 in normal structure
jobs and it was always like you know
Friday whew you had something to look
forward to all the time and it was like
the weekend sorry now it's like when you
take that out of it and every day it's
just another work kind of day it's like
I don't even know what day it is you
don't even know you don't really
appreciate weekends they're always like
trying to strive back create structure
out of mayhem you know
so today being Sunday I'm trying to be
Sunday ish with my day this is for an
inspection
this is for my selection
this is the best to not ever didn't you
drink too much coffee Nate out I think
too much caffeine
I only drink one cup a day you know I
used to drink like way more copyright
remember I mean three or four cups a day
you stream like okay fine right when I
first met you but then you know you kind
of could read or I didn't plan on it you
just sort of stopped kind of drink is
mine now I have like one coffee in the
morning and then they notice it does
affect you you get tired turn today you
know mmm where's nature's coffee so I
just so now I've got two coffees today
and I feel like to even have one for
breakfast but if I don't have her
breakfast we might go to toss story or
something and I'll have it for lunch
instead units only one mmm
from maximum - I wonder how - I kind of
am like okay I feel like that's enough
you know yes I go to the studio it's
like you wake up you have a coffee for
breakfast then I make one in five minute
have them when I get there
and then have one at 11 o'clock you
might have a meeting or something you
have another one
they never so called chinwag you know
then you get home shop another an idiot
y'all boys dolphin's so I put up mine I
put out I should say some christmas of
towels and then let me have these are
any cute things as well where are they
on their back here my table runner oh my
god I forgot about that
okay I'm gonna put that out chill and
then I've got these place mats which I
have to use so we've got a couple of
Christmasy things um I've got my
Christmas Eve candle but I'm not gonna
like that until Christmas Eve I've
decided for the flow effect and then I
might light it like all throughout
Christmas and then put it away until
next year and then I have look look how
many Yankee Candles
this is so funny so I have a creamy
caramel
what's burning right now I've got two
burning so I've got this is like my
favorite for all of autumn cinnamon
stick
I've got Christmas Eve that I just
showed you guys we've got Christmas tree
burning as well that went out but this
is our Advent wreath and I had both of
these cuz it's the second Sunday of
Advent so I have that Bernie I've
decided I'm gonna switch up the routine
a little bit with the dogs cuz it's
always being Alvin Xena first
Nevaeh auntie Oh second and then Bianca
and newbies third but the problem is
that I usually walk from everyone's
three o'clock it's me I'm four I didn't
walk them yet and it's not really fair
on Theon can movies because they get the
darkest walk if that makes sense like
it's dark it and I don't think newbies
can see very well because she like bumps
into things a lot and she doesn't bump
into things that's not true she just um
Jenna bright side she kind of freaks out
sometimes
when like I don't know I can't really
explain but she freaks out if like
there's a wall or something in her way
or she doesn't she's not sure of what it
is and so I think I might walk them
first today so that they get the
brightest walk if that make sense is
this walking around one with Albie and
Cena and we ended up not doing the
different
different like puppies each time just
because I felt like they were just so
used to being like first second third
whatever that Albion see now were
already audience you know we're already
at the door and Bianca and Nevaeh
newbies he oh they were all kind of
waiting like they knew that it wasn't
their turn yet so we decided to just
leave it the way it was don't if it is a
freeze if it ain't broke don't fix it or
something yeah so basically we're just
doing it the same way but it's actually
quite bright so um we'll see maybe
Bianca and newbies won't get a a dark
walk and I look like such a weirdo cuz
like I'm in sweats and then I'm all
dressed up on top so I look like before
here we are around to the van teal and
so this man meets me on my first walk
and he has a son like a little boy I was
like not gonna cry so this always
happens though every time I go ahead cuz
when I got there there again or your
dogs getting really long walking like
unfortunately it's a bit dark for a new
visa and Bianca but oh well tomorrow
guys I promise we'll go earlier okay and
of course every time I walk Bianca she's
the only one who barks that everybody
this man nice man he's sudden a
different dog and Anika starts barking
like crazy when the man's like she was
pretty loud for her size I'm like I know
I know
it's take an arrest
are you ready to take your test yes all
right you set up an account for Nene's
the official Driving's this is the
actual official exam papers all right
we're gonna see how you do
I think you how many questions is like
20 questions what a 40 God 40 questions
yeah I think you have to get 35 right
would you get 34 33 right here we go
that's Petain this is legit let's
pretend this an urge it do you know what
that is this is question 1
what's that sign mean offense okay yeah
that's not offense leave comments to
what that means and the drive-e thing
does it mean this one this one this one
alright ready
yeah gonna do it okay let me do it what
you know sorry you don't realize it okay
alright let's do this
five times first are you Oh totes this
is easy line alone what should a driver
do if they were gonna see a collision
okay I reckon um leave leave the scene
of a crash involving a vehicle carrying
hazardous materials try to prevent any
further likud no move the vehicle
no keep well clear and raise the alarm
wave a white flag to approaching okay
I'm
it's gonna leave this is a real question
if you are upset and are angry what did
you do what did you do needs if you're
upset or angry um
not drive there come not to know what
he's got I don't want to say it actually
until until it's done yeah but these are
different they're always gonna be
different it's always gonna pick
different no way different like the
style and everything but II see the
point is that it's gonna take different
ones each time so you can't figure out
which one's oh my god but this is just
purely with Kevon no this is no
experience no entry to Fred's vehicles
with five axes or more no more than five
no last question last one Nene's do it
do it
what Oh question 40 oh I hate the one
thing number ones there knowing what a
thorough stopping distance of a car
motorcycle traveling under climbers on a
dry day well to be honest Nene's when I
learned to drive was this thing called
the six second row and you had to s be
six seconds behind the car but never the
actual metric system idea so just I
don't know just receive your passes
whatever you think finish okay an exam
what you wanted it now I finished and I
want telling my ourselves what does this
sign mean what does that mean get all
right oh it's telling me the answers oh
look at the red ones whoa just give me
some way seven eight nine ten eleven I
mean you know to get fire on 11 at 40
yeah that's 29 I made you need to pass
35 oh hey that's not bike it's like you
just totally guessed on
without reading anything okay so was I
right
well I think that means you're right cuz
they want to highlight it yeah you're
right about that one oh you're wrong
about that one
okay we've gone again the second time
ready for second time around do it
families you get wrong whoa one two
three four five six seven eight nine you
got 31 yeah I got 11 wrong nah forget in
there okay job what effect put in
correctly adjusted yeah that right I am
well done
we're flying along another 10 or 11
times of sitting the exam and you'll
have this to try a little tasty check
the problem Joe is kitchen Joe it's good
 I said would you like to try a
little tasty chicken from Joe V's
kitchen
Joe is kitchen he likes to marinate it
for a while make the pasta and the dip
it in the wine I don't be running in it
but did Ryan write the song do that see
yours so we got the chicken and the cone
Ian we're going with the seeds have
changed tomorrow and cherry Parmesan
pasta mixed YUM what oh yeah nice what
is the one I know I never got the point
to them this is just like is it to put
the stuff offering you kind of runs up
woo customs tissue fur ah your tissue is
much better yeah Thank You Shawn on
vielen dank Oh Craig hospita
let's have a look normally I do this now
and I mean move everything out of the
way because this is this is going to end
badly I see you turned it on net no no
bad move bad move bad move
you are warned oh god it's kind of
all right you make it more proper than
that well you have to figure it out keep
camera eat cupcakes good job actually
you didn't make it much of the mess I
thought you would yeah nice nice job
that's Ally's dream job I was gonna work
in comfort
oh I spoke too soon I spoke too soon I
knew it I knew it I knew it
there we go tasty sauce with the chicken
and the parmesan
making the pasta whoo almost done dream
job job you guys were brilliant at
customs
would you stop everyone Oh something's
boiling everything's boiling it is now
oh is this now Danny are you crying
enough are you climbing up here she's
actually using her feet though who's
doing the standing position and then
she'll drop you and me around the driver
doing it's a little app save yourself up
huh you
keep licking your face a little up
sailor was not the best episode of
love/hate ever wasn't it what do you
think is gonna happen huh huh
do you like Nietzsche no do you like
dezer yeah yeah poor Tommy
Tommy's Bianca's friend Oh is she
smiling yes he's smiling she seriously
she keeps pushing herself up with her
feet he's using a feed to push yourself
oh yeah good girl good girl
Oh Edward papert papered papered leave
comments safe and a nice day of media oh
my god she's waving my boy yes bye-bye
night night sleep tight don't let the
zenith bite hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
