welcome to Geoffrey's Christmas I was
taking myself for the tree by mistake
and I accidentally lit my shelf up Oh
this little piggy went to one get this
little piggy stayed home
this little piggy ate roast beef and
this will be had none oh and this little
piggy was laughing at me she's like I'm
sorry good I am here yeah whatever I
don't have a clock yeah whatever the
pecos weary me boring at this point what
about the itsy bitsy spider yo
oh thank you thank you
it's okay thank you so ravans we didn't
even see spiders yeah
Oh a little bear
there's a little air pair with the rain
they're doing here here you need to see
em I know this is dumb but you need to
like hey John take goes off you need to
take it in the photos in the with the ki
and Instagram it later so cute oh oh my
goodness okay okay
okay ready Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia
oh hey Bert hey Bert ah she's my home
really yeah she likes the Bert Bert Bert
Bert ha ha you get you here hey oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah you know that you know you're
so cute he's just behind you
can I rather focus yeah okay Harlan and
bones them bones move calcium them bones
them bones need calcium calcium cuz I am
low with the density I can't stand
forever well maybe I drop my phone and I
can't believe and I'll give you some
things are we ready to go I was waiting
feel okay in the house in the house in
the house in the house in the house
miner house my house mate good job good
job e anyone asks we're table number one
with the grumpy baby
so I think she's annoyed commemorating
her she's so cute
roadster picks up Adam and his mom's
Christmas tree she has Yuri paid for
your necklace take it there let's go and
get it
Thunder for their car puzzles kind of
for me we got actually quiet Christmas
tree like a real Christmas tree as well
as the fake one okay exciting it's gonna
smell really good too
yeah
I got wage action hearing like sassy you
see ejection here's the real voices like
huh Oh lovely
okay you're bowing out and we got the
bow matches the bib she's wearing an I
love Santa when Z and I should put an
isle of Albion Cena babe over it
our shoes and I love mommy then you've
got it all yummy chicken fajitas 20
pages that have a Vedas the Panda was
warm subscreen a 1 over 2 3 times little
islands my aunt seems a house
me get over he'll make you a new doctor
it's like every time I go in there
feeding it's like you wouldn't even know
if you wouldn't even know that you're
feeling are you can see a little bit use
a little bit of skin but there's so
discreet like very well I know it's way
the top part comes up there
it's incredible room before when you
open you're not wearing one
yeah can I pull the top there and if you
can go for someone that crazy what
happens anyway
okay we've got oh my god I'm just gonna
she's just gonna wear to to you forever
all right we'll get this that's really
nice
she'd be so cozy in there nothing that's
crazy I didn't even know you got it next
oh I don't even know Annette got it next
and that next these yellows kind of some
weight oh isn't it
I can't wait till you walk east and
really nice with the blue and white
stuff nautical theme for my sister's
wedding so we picked up in Sorrento it's
not so nice no limit it is too cute you
know we can do we can wear that today
Chris's party next week for Bocas the
parties oh yeah we've to go today
oh no oh yeah we need a teaching a
Christmas to do they might have it in
the other night
Oh No I hope am I hope we're not too
late
it's hope you're supposed to go and
collect and his mom's tree from the tree
place but it got dark all of a sudden
and then somehow it became six o'clock
which is vlog we're missing the vlog
right now oh my god we are the worst
subscribers ever I can't believe we're
missing the vlog here isn't he what
times a close that though oh my goodness
so if Christmas is ruined I blame you
oh man I can't get in cuz the car beside
me let's go into your safe babe babe
babe babe she's been super aegis we made
it in time
are you gonna put it in what are you
gonna put it in it's gonna stay open
what is this staying open okay oh my god
that was so close
but thanks P and P we have it because he
is like gift receipt I was like no he
was like oh god it's like you're the guy
from YouTube right like yeah he's like
gone
finally I don't need ID blogger yeah we
can you guys see well you can just see
your big lights so you can convert wrong
leave every fire yeah I'm really nervous
guys drove it is like it's gonna be fine
my mom's like there's a big hill all the
way up her nose so everything's gonna
fall out the stroller Brendan yeah tree
rolling downhill um steady as she goes
laughs you sure it doesn't
you know school up what sounded of the
eighth
I don't like down sign it scares me we
should leave the boot open more often no
it sounds more punchy scary right you
can't see anything
Jonel stop why do I want to lose my
thing
haha let's see what makes it we just
drive by our house really quickly and
let then let the tree fall there can't
even see you oh-oh-oh
Merry Christmas it's like my new my new
addition hey tree this is your new
friend
what Oh God
there we go I think you I think this is
a good spot for right here we didn't get
actually do this do you want a straight
one or just on your neck you want to
state one or do you want to follow the
over one straight um doesn't fit you
might have to cut some are you so lucky
though well I suppose I like our big
tree and all but smell of a Christmas
tree isn't quitting a Christmas tree it
doesn't work it doesn't work
spray yeah spray that you spray on your
fake one and then it smells like
Christmas tree for real yeah you have
you smell - smell no mmm see we bought
the candle thing is supposed to make it
smell like a tree but anyway you should
buy the spray you spray it all over your
tree oh your battery is gonna go I know
quick before the battery goes this is
the funnest part down into battery
Guruji's hold you responsible
not to kill someone no this is like the
funnest part this is where like smashes
through the window we realize you bought
one that's too big the Griswold family
tree oh nice looks better it looks good
now but okay
you reckon you like your tree good um
I'm now stuck in here forever
I'm leavin living here that's Julie oh
yeah cuz they ever come to Christmas Day
yeah okay first off I think you should
take this thing off here oh I think ruff
they buy the Hat fine you do the tree
yeah I don't know why I'm German but the
Java is the best way yeah hey that's not
gonna work Jimmy I like a blonde one
ladies we don't have one a James Blunt
yes that's too much that's too much one
go up it look Austin on the sofa I'll do
it she eating her foot Oreo
she walked out you don't need me here
he'll he'd know that tree in no time let
the Christmas Carol is on what is your
favorite Christmas Carol tell mine is
definitely the one with the Muppets
which is your favorite one you just
essentially just stabbed everybody then
you've never seen Christmas Carol what
many thousands of in Wonka
- a free - Muppet The Muppet one is
really good or what's the one with Bill
Murray
actually dad I don't maybe won't Bill
Murray that was the first one ever saw
and the Muppet one after that but I yeah
I'm torn between here I've never seen
this one no it picks out one is it Pixar
Disney Disney Wow Disney bought Pixar so
I said Kate's picture Ricky's got some
DVDs as well haven't seen us haven't
seen it oh my god Zac Efron did it where
is he I've missed I've lost him are you
Judy I don't think I'd kiss him who
would I kiss
no way I've seen this it's really really
good doctor has her mmm I kiss her go in
the back and then Gloria for Modern
Family's in this one so probably her or
maybe Ashton Kutcher you know this hair
at the right angle
you never know even notice comfort a
more traditional way of putting lights
on but in the way we did it with our
tree hey hey this is tangled at angle
T's now how much more lights if you got
more we're gonna get more lights the
rule of Christmas you can never have
enough lights there's always room for
more lights let's color oh I don't know
I'm in two minds now I kind of feel like
I regret buying the fake trees I'm like
I love this tree but in about three
weeks time when the disposing method of
this tree comes up I will be really
happy that I have a fake tree but right
now all I can smell is the beautiful
Center tree maybe I'll cut some of this
off and bring it home that's my evil
plan oh no we're up against there what
yeah did you not untie angle them at the
end of last year look at this or not
they're not really turned to that oh
that I shakes you okay
let's let's try it let's try and you
stay there let's try and untangle the
situation we need a tangle tease we
ready
turning the lights on time you see the
whole tree yeah oh my god turn the
lights off
gonna make myself get you effect
I really represent Christmas I'm trying
to do the same time is it good okay yeah
teamwork whoa
welcome to Joe V's Christmas I mistaken
myself for the tree by mistake and I
accidentally lit my shelf up oh she told
me make lumps like this yeah it's pretty
well Jackie like you mentioned it in a
club life and soon since so much born in
it is that to be hard to put yourself in
all the time I've been to downside to it
still all right put these up
hi Nikki Nikki's in there somewhere
pardon okay go go go party cat party cat
Oh party cat oh no it's just so pretty
hey there are you watching the show
completely over there watching the show
Amelia and Miffy come on Amelia unmet
fee hello to get a little alligator
huh who do you like Allie Allie the
Gator my name is Eddie Nikita come on
you want to see your first Christmas
tree your first real Christmas tree mom
made us play a fake one hmm no she
didn't
no she didn't it was a group decision
now kisses from mom if she needs she
needs to reassurance Oh
I call in tests I know I just have a
kiss on the lips I feel like not like
boyfriend/girlfriend oh come on
what does it smell like
hmm what do you think did you reckon you
get that sniff sniff Rooney's attract
what then woo
let's carry the program hi Memphis hey
Memphis
look at this I wanted to get one of
these for so long look it's a cork
addiction edition of Monopoly but look
it's got like pasta cheap Paul Street
and that's got it's not so cool that is
so epic uh everyone at Dublin's gonna be
sick there's no double in addition
there's only a car key chain man Anna
neener neener neener z-- oh man
ah monopoly like such a good game what
street you want to buy oh you let it on
my hotel you owe me everything what do
you reckon what do you reckon it's is
what the olden days people had fur
rockers it's a manual rocker if anyone
was wondering why ders is it white as a
shortage of a panettone in court it's
because they've all been hoarded here oh
my goodness which one do you wanna mean
yeah oh yeah almost this Christmas
swollen oh my god that looks so good
what is it Oh Sheldon is it my my
Deutsch is Nick so good new Hickam - oh
never get lasagna oh it's certainly
gotten romantic in here hello hello oh
my god romantic he wants to come and
change Amelia
there was just a major explosion
situation do you want a mint or 500g way
there's always a two parts wait for the
second part I think she did the first
part earlier so there you go oh hey
they're in there getting a bald spot
hey there hi although I had her two down
okay we just did more warm just yeah
funny like it I like it how do you make
it funny like it I wish my aunt what
changed me yeah or my grandma I am a
little bit mince-pies they were
delicious I had to look I got a
Christmas tree I stole a branch
I stole a branch from a branch that was
stolen mmm this is not from the tree
inside a garage I took this much off the
tree inside but yeah look we've got a
Christmas tree now huh exciting Amelia
you know mom didn't let us get a real
one
so now jokey jokes all right let's get
out of here oh don't get mince pies hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
