that is essentially Cork City have you
ever wondered that's essentially it
you've seen it carry on
oh no idea what this is for it's like
one rose I don't know if it's supposed
to do this but it's doing it it's doing
it doing it for the kids or whatever you
can hold on this if you want like in a
bus you know you can like hold on
next up next stop you wish yourself
would stop you on hello quite say
something say something profound say
something profound she was talking to me
earlier on quietly something profound do
you know the meaning of life oh goodness
you don't usually stop in the tunnel
it's going on
it is beautiful the Sun and everything I
love this getting a song with like Shane
right - like that night so so fun we
didn't see there are those that say
that is essentially Cork City have you
ever wondered that's essentially it
you've seen it carry on oh my God look
what someone bought some for Christmas
and it's all wrapped up and everything
oh it's so nice I got that for you happy
Christmas I got you a cafe whiskey hot
port and mulled wine not beer
only X we always come to here box and
Fridays and the fair I was okay on
Fridays Oh what's going on over there oh
yeah oh look Glenn millon farm
Oh actual Glenn Miller farm YUM they do
tasty rhubarb and yogurt desserts huh
every Friday I see this and Friday I
always think one of these Fridays I'm
gonna pull in but then you can't cuz
it's in the middle of the city center so
we carry on in wonder and amazement
if I look like a sweaty slug because I'm
dying here alright on this if you don't
it seems a bit now I'm like melting of
just like Oh God
you notice it all he's interminable I
turned mine off other than 0 on a tree
one look for him like seriously dying
here anyway so we're heading act Bali CD
because I just think that's such a funny
days
okay I'll see nobody else thinks it's
funny exactly but anyways um sorry
heading to Bali cd8 garden center and
like they have Meadows and burn and
Colin brown and all those kind of cool
shops there because we're doing a Secret
Santa
Chris Kindle with joke business side of
the family my side are greedy everyone
was it okay
I needed my family oh yeah they're all
grown up it's different I come from a
group of four so I got a brother and a
sister and they're all married like part
yeah my little sister was not my idea
but that's gonna change in a couple of
months so it's different like where
aren't we are getting presents either
word yeah for the kids and so I'm unfair
Jobs's mom obviously but like for his
brother and sister so we got like
Johnson says let's say no everybody
knows last time when his sisters were
over and they were like telling
everybody who they got and I was playing
it cool and then you went and told my
sister wife because she was told
everybody else and then she was like
who's left and I'm like root it's you
know like who's left yourself and so
yeah so I got my sister he's like I'm
Alyssa yeah we've got Jane
Jonathan sister-in-law and we've got
Ruth John to the sister that you saw you
guys saw her she is the older sister
that you guys saw last weekend so versus
oh cool
people are writing on horse oh no
there's no one on that horse another is
anyways um so yeah we have to get their
presents well we don't have to but I
think we'll be a nice thing we're here
because um it's kind of like special and
unique it's not something that you know
you were getting Dublin yeah Bobby CD
stuff is real that's what I mean yeah
it's not in Dublin so it's cool anyway
so we're gonna try and get that and my
god is the baby mama left maybe get the
kids presents as well cuz there's a kids
section too so if you did you thought
and also grab lunch I'm starving to
death as well as being a melting sweaty
slug no look check we have one of those
one of those and one of those yep we can
park there check what if we have a
second kit nope sorry that's only for
one child and it has to be in a stroller
still it's still under search for that
coffee thing which I will someday find
hey what's this
no thank you
it is a wine holder and sister likes it
sister likes to drink wine I just gave
it wine as they really like to drink
wine just get it is but we won't get her
to holder we'll just get in the four
bottles of wine forget that holder oh
they're cute
cupcakes
yeah it is really cute if I had you and
the Chris Kendall I get you that happy
good all the time sometimes joke you
just have to have to English in a
sausage are you you wanna stay asleep so
be cool it's you mm-hm
would you get are you are you behave
snore
my Instagram day doesn't work on
Facebook it's really annoying
yeah what I was so funny a friend of
mine not friend of mine like my roommate
from like 2006 when I first met you
we just putting actually over longer
than you and I remember the day I met
Ana going home and telling him the first
one you came over to my house like a
student accommodation but then I hadn't
seen him since I left that like that
student takes I haven't seen we did mean
what we had dogs you know but then we
got married then we had Emilia and it's
like that's crazy how long it's been and
how much has changed and if he's getting
mind it's like oh my god is that crazy
when you meet people that you're in
university with and like your lives
changed so much since a need sometimes
do you see like that you just think whoa
that was like snap wasn't it it was so
quick like children at like the first
time you came to that house and we
watched MTV all night long
you know and Joe is there and then stuff
when it's like that just feels like we
just met and now marry over a year have
a thing it's crazy isn't it 20 hand
stuff like that I wanted in like 20
years or something like to you you pump
into someone again and you just like oh
my god what happened like you know I'll
let the tree is all lit up so pretty and
Christmassy
the trees are lit up now can never get
around this place oh oh oh looks like
for Erica toe or something
nice good job she's much applause the
spoils Christmas
it's cool so we're sitting there right
and then just to be good all by his head
I like the hair is pretty nice you know
as I go because it was playing with me
for that and then just across it nobody
can actually play the piano I thought
that was like a track being later than
tears
right I can fall in love people that
play the piano you just listen to them
all then on
it's the best recipe book in the history
of recipe books it's actually pizza book
we come to the pizza knife for a sign
like a pizza box that's so cool I know I
looked over thought it was an actual
pizza huh
so we need cheapest chips better than
toast then all the adults have got their
so it's time for a sign for Joey to step
in huh it's my I picked the kids toys
that's my specialty and especial here's
the grown-up toys got my system sorted
we got my nice sorted I'm sorting at the
nephew and then sister-in-law we are
done Oh wouldn't stuff oh my goodness
like it is Guinness luxury truffles
that's crazy I should get them for Benjy
this is what's going on about Irish
stuff was like oh my god you want to
taste Guinness
she tried him in a chocolate oh my god
it's a song but a media's team plays
it's so funny
look if I was a picture of a mom and a
baby maybe like that's what song it is
like the songs
because of cruise miles - I don't know
if you guys have heard Mumford & Sons
here today just enjoy it
now where is the salad gone I really
want to make a nice tasty salad today
you know I'm just feeling like you know
some fresh green beans you know some
avocados you know some organic humus
mm-hmm
what do you think about that I think I
would be really nice you know or I can
just go ahead and eat these pizzas do
you think we just think the pizzas and
said you guys go have the salads in the
Hamas for us leave us comments about how
delicious it was and we'll sit here like
greedy fat pigs and it depletes us are
you going to eat all of that are you
gonna eat your whole enjoy your hand is
that your plan is it yeah yeah is that
your plan you're so cute you know that
you're so cute you're cute to boot
mm-hmm you're looking at he's a little
crazy gang it's a little crazy gang so
guys um pretty cool I'm glad most you
guys like the idea of the charity thing
and which is kind of cool because I kind
of thought about it when I'm you know
they a many nerdfighters you know fight
areas dftba come on up Jorah we've done
it a few times DM the awesome project
and that's coming up in the 72 this
month we just kind of what got me
thinking about and I was like oh my god
we should totally do something for that
and I was like oh my god you can't just
like merge to give away thing into the
FTP a thing and you can never forget to
be awesome
can we no way dad no way dad is so good
so I think it's the 17th is that so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna do it
on the 17th and we'll figure out what
charger we're gonna do and we kind I
think we know what we want to do with it
but em I'll will work we'll work out the
fine details but know that more than
likely on the 17th of December the vlog
that goes up on a 70 notice all the
think will beginner in 16th and the one
that goes up on the 17th I think it's a
72 this month correct me if I am wrong
and we'll get that up because it could
be a project to be your first project
for awesome can you do DM can you do the
blog brother singing hold on you got a
open
no no you gotta do a little V no Amelia
Amy look right one of Hanks artists we
may be embarrassed now but your hands
act like this I mean yeah I mean yeah
you will you will do it for me
I heard gay it's like oh no you just
flipped everyone off that was the flat
oh no you're so cute you're so cute
yeah hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
