who might the coca-cola truck is here
Coco no joke is here girl look this side
the things all lit up now sadly hahaha
let's do a swing around see if you can
see it
it lives nickels helo helo hello
you wanna go to the market you wanna go
oh you're a strong little one idea
mister no one mm-hmm yeah you are
yes you are here's QR mm-hmm I love you
you know that right let's get you into
your a dump abdominal snowman suit Oh
would you like to get inside of me I'm
going get er done
you ready for a winter's day you ready
for a winter's day you're so cute
where's your foot but you put this I
just like this is it good
why and this little hat here oh yeah no
I'm ready my homie in plain Tony in and
never go in this entrance ever I decided
to shake things up live in life crazily
living on the edge
Jamar Bon Jovi oh well I like Bon Jovi
it's music it's just like coulis when I
wanna lay you down in a bed of roses ah
speaking of amazing music we watched his
film last night called pitch perfect oh
my goodness it is now my favorite movie
of all time in existence yeah oh my god
it was Acker amazing I got awesome I
don't know I think it's like German i
won with the cheerleaders when they had
this like competition what's that one
called
did you remember name it it was it's not
a Chiaki see you know bring it oh it's
Engels call bring it bring it on yeah
this is like bring it on remake but with
the generation of Glee you know I think
that's kind of what it was like well oh
my goodness he was so good
I just love the sound of a cappella oh
my god
oh my god the coca-cola truck is here
why don't you one I know there's no baby
parking um that's a bit cheeky I think
this baby isn't those trucks oh my god
they can actually plays this time it was
music you what you stopped just stopped
what's up with that
that must be one of Santa's helpers
what's going on here anyone knows oh
well actually I'll know before you know
so it doesn't matter isn't that so cool
though it's the actual coca-cola truck
oh man imagine it snowed yesterday gee
maybe they bring the snow do you want us
to get this Christmas stay here
do you want us to get that one so you
can fit more presents underneath it is
that the plan huh
so cool-looking isn't it huh we're
narrowing mama stylers we're getting her
a telephone but I think it's time she's
getting a smartphone moving on from the
world of monophonic and polyphonic ring
Allegiant wants Twitter and Instagram
you got a smartphone yet oh my goodness
John to simulator it's a little like
shawl just like a dicker it's like a
digger huh
it's got a funny does it do something I
think so
can we fix it can we fix it can we be
yeah oh sorry damn I have look at the
light zebra yes huh Oh doesn't work
you're interested light sabers the
diggers are you all right let's go if I
could've closed shopping at mom it was
just two men humming there's too many
people and when you have a stroller it's
like you actually pick up almost like a
whole aisle of Sun when you're walking
around
look at these little chaps there no look
at that huh
it's so cute do you want that hat while
you're falling asleep again a chair so
cool-looking I'm totally going to before
I leave here I'm going to go to that
I want to touch it into the photograph
of me that's like one of my childhood
dreams I just talked to every day like
it's there it's the Christmas truck here
why did it chances Armenia you're
sleeping through the most important
moment of your life
no see it's a little bit smaller and
then you've got the Wildfire and then
it's Ben's like I uh
me personally I like kind of like a big
screen not like too big this is what I
definitely think you should got the
Hello Kitty one I don't know about
Samsung's but I did on HTC so I would
say for you it is between the desire X
or the desired C sighs this is the one I
gave Erica you know the phone I gave
Erica that's what I gave her it's this
size I might get the bigger that's a
smaller one
oh is that smaller yeah yeah yeah that's
much bigger when a we're told that it
was in the show so different
different shop yeah nice yeah
doesn't mean yeah no feed jokes ever to
Kidder yeah cuz we didn't have reindeers
on it yeah I don't know what a shot in
here Santi structions what are you doing
my baby boy thingy she's asleep like oh
my god I'm sorry I had no part in this
she's like asleep
you owe me take picture with this yeah
you should care
no one's gonna steal our stroller oh my
God look at that
did you remember well I bought Emma's
wonder was to left because Nevers one
left
don't cheat it's Argus okay there's a
problem with Argus
I love Argus before anything an artist
it's amazing
what number you 504 in progress is your
first time on our
when I was younger right my parents used
to always go up to Northern Ireland
because it was whacking today it was
like the pound was better than the
starting town so that was like where I
bought pens but all the Pistons
craftsmen you know argue in Baelfire so
I always associated is like exciting you
know we determined to find this coffee
thing I actually found one in Argos but
it's like a thermos one which I prepared
to have a nice like pretty sort of
coffee one but at least I know today
we're going to get one letter then you
get the one that's in Argos we're gonna
get a nice pretty one from here that's
crazy that there's like one pink one in
the midst of all of them that's the only
one but head of every single is the only
one because gonna be so happy yeah she
missed that from the old house yeah it's
crazy we got a pink one that's just for
you oh look a little step for Albie
I just don't think we're ready for pots
Ian Anna oh my goodness two pots we
didn't know one pot and a wok pot in a
wok buying that is it if I'm gonna walk
a walk you frying pan we just trade our
one in for this yeah I know it's not
here yeah that's all my limit so we just
got like the order to bail from like the
hospital and everything you thinking
about having a baby be aware it's very
expensive
would you like to see this is this is
the price for the hospital costs right
not our consultants fees plus our
consultants fees on top of that we're
talking it costs nearly 10 grand to make
you Amelia how do you feel about that
well you worth it huh did you keep the
receipt
oh no we're past it 30 days we can't
bring your back you're an expensive
little bugger aren't you but that's all
the costs over now right they don't cost
anything ever again
yeah that's right it's not like oh my
goodness hmm oh look at this
so what is that mozzarella balls yeah
mozzarella sun-dried tomato and olive
oil
YUM that is amazing Oh head answered a
buff Alito that's this ooh
two-year-old nice come on the satellites
tunes what's next Zoe not eight okay
can't make it stop now accent aw crap I
am full of Portuguese pies so and it's
trying to teach and his mom had used a
HDC device she's just joined Instagram
welcome to the world of Instagram
he desire which the beatsaudio be good
for you know get the headphones in or
your lyric FM yeah left him I feel like
we listen to the lyric FM all day long
oh and happy st. Nicholas to all the
people that supported I didn't get my
chocolate this morning oh I feel yeah I
did last year that's what I mean this is
this is a travesty maybe it's to do with
you know the downturn in the eurozone
yeah I I blame Merkel she's punny
cancelled she has she's cancelled Nick
they said she said ten with the
chocolate austerity measures
unfortunately don't bring the chocolate
in this year what do you think well you
want to tell them or and I tell them hmm
was kind of your idea wasn't it so we
wanted a giveaway thing that we were
talking about a while ago back then the
Christmas giveaway well I've been kind
of thinking about it I'm doing kind of
talking about it I'm thinking about the
best way to do it and how can we
possibly pick a winner you know I want I
wanted we wanted to pick people that
have really been like you know that
really been part of this community and
you know positive and you know liking
the videos just like just being part of
it and being here and enjoying and then
we kind of figured out like there's like
90% of the people that watch these
videos never come and never do anything
or say anything which is just fine by me
which hey although I understand you
don't leave comments I know you're there
and I really appreciate you coming to my
videos every day and just watching them
and I hope you enjoyed them
if not why would you even come here I
get the point dude so we decided like
everybody don't watches these videos you
know him like has the Internet and
probably has a roof over her head and
probably has
enough things in their life that you
don't need me to give you anything you
know and then I was thinking how about
instead of doing a giveaway where I give
you guys something we as a community
give something to somebody that needs it
more than us
and we decided that you guys don't have
to like do anything or give anything but
we're going to go and of our own money
like we're gonna go we're gonna do big
donation to the charity that we really
like and we're gonna do it in the name
of our community isn't that exciting
hmmm like you know leave some comments
if you agree that's a good idea if you
don't think it's good and you really
think we should do the giveaway where we
actually send stuff who's back from
their walk you actually send stuff to
you guys then I yeah it's cool he can
call us and let me know that but I just
thought you know when they do be nice
you know for us to go do something for
someone like the exact same amount of
money that I would have spent on buying
the prizes for this giveaway I will
spend that money on giving it to a
charity where I think that it's probably
gonna be spent better don't you agree my
friend and amelia was telling the plan
no don't get your mother when she's
talking to you feel good what yeah
awesomesauce I know
excuse me email and password this drunk
drunk on boob milk I'm there I'm drunk I
drunk all the drink
no I'm drunk I drank with fun duck he
can fog up the camera really no hmm dude
do something funny
this having funny Jesus me use of guilt
and back to sleep
oh no a little bit more back asleep cool
look the Sun the things all lit up now
sadly hahaha let's do this ring around
see if you can see it
and that's so cool like oh isn't that
really cool-looking
lit up and stuff
it's
he's a bully come on now come on now
everyone yeah I'll be just not in the
mood right now you I love doing Amelia's
got her back to us you're gonna know all
about him prompts you cuddle soon you
look like you have a cupcake growing out
of your chin you've got a cupcake beard
yeah is it
don't don't don't don't what don't I
they're all starving
where's the food I don't know Pio ate it
all yo did you know you're gonna get run
over
did you did you eat all the food Theo
are you ready
majorly oh that's better yeah that's
much better did you eat all the food key
items like if you you know the food team
yeah smells like dog food yeah you know
food dad oh sorry dad I ate all the food
oh let's push this back
Oh God
you're on your own pal hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the sakuni Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
