Theo Sandi Theo
hahahahaha it's my edge it's my hand
okey go here monster named Elmo Elmo
foot.what membered hey I'm getting
changed here you like that hmm
you're so cute who's here hey okay it's
Bert Bert Bert who would you like hello
hey Mike
Elmo hey what's your name
what's meaning well what's your name
your little girl who attorney who a
tinny hello
hey Louie Louie Louie Lou I love you
you're so cute alright guys we are on a
mission so I've come back to the scene
of a crime from yesterday because had a
little inspection of the wing mirror and
it's actually not that bad at all I've
ordered the replacement glass did that
straightaway last night but I notice
that I'm it's the back part the little
black plastic part is actually falling
off like it came loose right this is it
right here so what am I gonna see if I
can actually find that little bit of
plastic that's missing
and because I've ordered the glass that
would mean that everything would be
sorted but I need to find so was it here
he came over here hold on a second I say
what I'm talking about oh my god so I
just realized I think Jonathan broke
this yesterday but he didn't tell me
because here let me show you guys hold
on um look that's supposed to be
attached the bow is supposed to attach
to that and it's not so I think Joffe is
broken yesterday I just found it in his
study
beebeep guys be beep I just found it in
his study and um I think he broke it
yesterday and just didn't tell me and
thought that if he didn't say anything
he would just get away with it so you'll
see I'm on to you ok a good thing these
are so like easy to fix
because even though it's supposed to be
glued on there I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna shove it in that makes more sense
but hey hey what did you do to your
other bow
it says breaking bows day or something
are we breaking all your bows today well
this one's not broken there you go there
you go you're so cute
this is this is pretty much where it
happened right as you can see um this
thing here but look as you can see just
got a little break there but it's
actually perfectly fine all the way
around so I'm like if I could just find
that little piece of plastic that is
around here somewhere that'll actually
solve all our problems in order to order
the most expensive part is the actual
like the whole plastic connection part
the glass was not that expensive if they
were gonna try nap time in her crib oh
yeah we're like you know we're gonna try
something new because um I don't want
her to just never ever get any use out
of her crib and plus I need to take a
shower because I stink no I don't well I
probably do but um I need to take a
shower because I haven't take a shower
yet today I wonder yes you're gonna go
in in your crib you're gonna go in your
crib I swear to God
do you just keep here let's take this
off anyways cuz you're going to infer
the nap not right okay come in come here
okay this is pretty hard I can't do this
with one hand
ahaha scary thing about this spa here is
that again tinnitus that's what happened
you see a bus in a Porsche ain't gonna
fit but um
it's kind of scary because I'm trying to
look here but actually get around should
be quite obvious well she does not seem
like she is ready for a nap because she
just started talking to me and that
right you gonna talk for them usually
you just talk for mommy and daddy but
you could talk for the vlogs as well one
two you going to say something hmm
or in her um this chair in her room
there's her lovely crib that never gets
used I just don't think she's tired
enough yet hmm
but mommy has to get stuff done cuz it's
like one o'clock and she hasn't even
gotten dressed yet hmm this is you know
what happens I usually like I'll be like
I'll have all these plans for it for the
day and then they just get sidetracked
because I end up spending Teressa maybe
instead and my whole morning is just
like basically looking after her javis
edits the vlog and everything he's just
on that to try and find a piece of his
car um so we're stuck here together
forever well that's okay I don't mind if
we're together forever but um you smell
so nice for things um
it's not more any time yet but yeah so I
thought she might go to infer in that
but um hello careful off the roads
from the danger soldier wandering around
a lot
so she's doing well she's just like
talking so the national budget is about
to be released for this year and its
really like kind of you know like I was
trying to get my car tax but it's
actually a Jew a and this month with
they're putting up car tax by 15 percent
I was like oh no it's not fair it's like
let me let me tax my car now is it like
two weeks time when I tax it it's gonna
be like fifteen percent more and it's
fairly hefty on the portion I think it's
like ninety two grand or something like
that forty years now with a fifteen
percent on top of that what I'm it's
kind of funny you know I was just saying
that Twitter I was like you know some of
the things are introducing wondering
things introduced and stick on mansion
tax if your house is worth over a
million euros you have to pay something
like that like their new tax on that cuz
doing is heads X and I was like dog like
wouldn't you rather like I'd rather be
you know sitting in my huge mansion
being like oh no I have to pay mansion
tax darn it maybe I'll maybe I'll sell
one of my horses or to be like you know
versus did someone who's a bad to get
their welfare state payment cut you know
and that money that they're using is to
like feed and dress their kids or just
to pay electricity for the winter you
know it's like politics is so crazy you
know it's like you want a society where
everybody's even but how do you make a
society when everybody's equal you know
it's it's really tough you know it's
like really sad and happy and sad and
not be inside and governments you know a
lot of people giving sticking all but
it's a hard job you know making like
aren't only like about 4 million people
here but try to make four million people
happy it's quite difficult I would say
like for example it was like what about
I did I think about thirty thousand
people or so watch these vlogs and I
can't I
pretend to make you guys happy all the
time I just try and you know live my
life and just sort of do what I'm doing
regardless of what people say to me I
just continue to do what I'm doing and
imagine a government went and did that
that would be crazy
where's your doggie Amelia where's your
talkie he shared a key she was so happy
she just like grabbed berry doing this
is my one this is my one yeah
Nevaeh I think you've been clean
you've been claiming the van Abby why
are you shivering
what's this but what's up I hear that
you knew why I'm calling her okay just I
don't know I think it's okay what I'm
like it's okay
you're not that out of it I know I know
she's not newbies now the only one we
have to watch out for is this little one
here I'll be Cooke's I'm just scared
she's gonna pull their hair and like oh
they're too much of it so much as how
they possibly put it on me lay down for
a nap yeah she's there for like an hour
how did you like it was it an I think a
wise mighty little bit over an hour ago
all of this because I put her Janet like
half 1 yeah um she's like oh oh
how'd you make the single do you love
Nevaeh see you again an Instagram of
everybody
boom boom boom boom badoom oh she's the
owner no a new piece is like oh do you
think it's cool kill it ok ok I'll be
crazy
ok she's lost interested in meeting at
least Nevaeh
hold it right now oh look it's
everywhere haha I'm grooving with the
dogs boy see the bad guys with Albizu
but let's see the picture didn't work
out as well that's a bit ok she's like
yawning
she's like I'm bored of this that's
right a different filter maybe I don't
make it better why is half your beard
like chopped off Oh tos outside I forgot
about him all cheese hairs everywhere
hey Theodore oh good
any pop thanks dad I'm gonna was trying
to get her shoe off there's something
wrong with these shoes do they're not
choose okay they're not choose that's
very funny
Fleck you know he doesn't understand cuz
he just comes up here and you just
steals her she is although he's actually
learning here to take the shoe off
without touching the foot which is good
what do they all okay ah wind
chia Thor all right you're gonna have to
write lines
I must not steal my sister Xu a hundred
times
hmm no it's here that was amazing okay
ready
oh do Santi Theo ha ha ha ha it's my
Ange it's my hand
let's try this again now going oh my god
look at the few Oh quickly flip around
ah you missed it guys so let's try this
again today one tuna wrap one chicken
surprise that's not a let's not have any
incident shall we No
the hot chicken
okay I was this Christmas cake is like
my favorite take that freaking anything
a freaking of fruit great food Creek
fruits Craig is like food cake is that
you get a crate load of it try and send
a new and truly Niguel it's kind of cool
yeah my only reason I didn't do it
before the water yeah look well you have
the mats there I know what that's really
cool though the way it all fits in and
look oh the doors closed
it's so much is so much more space in
there honey
keep it up the heat in as well
underneath underneath yeah maybe
cuz I'm just worried about the water we
got more experiments that's good you
like that guys huh
oh yeah it's fun yeah excited hey you
know is it is this my wands and there's
us inside
okay so what'll I do all right mate
all right me are we having fun in our
little playpen
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo you like that huh
psyche playing in your playpen
huh nice mirror huh we'll check your
makeup see how your see how you look you
always look beautiful
you don't even need any well hey bit
over the concealer here I just get I
just get my check
I just keep legit what's that in your
air they're sort of spider in here so
talk me through your crib Wow
yes did you make them for dinner hmm
Birds a potato waffle cutter oliver oil
rose matey boys that's really cool you
just put the bag in sure they look like
those it like burritos oh yeah you know
you can get them in a bag and stick them
in the microwave or something nice 30
minutes
you know I could be 8 in the microwave
to McDonald's and back in under 10
minutes that's the problem that's always
the temptation
I'm you're on old leave alone for two
minutes
which part about your break well that's
your one this is my one it says you can
make it in a walk instead
but can we sell a tape of clothes or
something it should be a lot easier we
didn't have to make it in a walk or
something
you're in charge of dinner what I'm I'm
very busy with a solid video right now I
would have any time no I don't know what
you're going okay because I'm doing he's
leaving right now she's sad oh oh hi
David Jacob gt40 40 people hmm
oh hey Vig inky Navy
Bianca Navy that's not your jungle gym
yeah it's not your jungle gym
get out of there oh my goodness YUM
due to the fact that I married an idio
toes of a white faux fur I have gone and
has to fry up my rice which could have
taken moments in a microwave so now I
have to do the manual labor he menu add
a menu and leave ah ah where did you do
with the fish put it in here which
microwave oh shoot
the hidden microwave yep yeah folks we
have two microwaves oh they look good
YUM
alright let's leave them in there to
marinate in the hidden microwave um
let's get everything prepared like to
hear the doggies favorite sound yeah
yeah you can't plain you got you can't
play notes because you can't there's no
crack that's it is it yeah you like it
like that
mmm oh use this kiddies hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
hahaha
