whoo oh no it doesn't doesn't fit now I
have to pick it up
wait hello little Melia Thank You little
strong one
huh Oh who's the head Bopper you
crawling off the bed in no time hmm it's
great this is the BCG thing it's
supposed to last month's it's weird you
can actually see the puncture yeah I
know you can still see it there you want
a cupcake you want a cupcake come on
make it to the cupcake come on this is a
morning workout routine mm-hmm
I'm not usually involved this is more
ninis time and that is working all right
yeah yeah hi oh you have a conversation
you having a conversation I say ah ah if
I can just get over this bitch hmm I'm
gonna smack in the bum OOP that
encouraged you hmm hmm is it too good oh
okay he's just like a leg in her arm I
need the subsidence go who the cupcake
oh gee Roswell she'll hold it for a
little bit that smell you just put our
creamy stuff on yeah I love that smell
like when you walk past the batching
meter and you get a whiff of it you're
like who's the strong little girl call
me Nia where you what are you hiding
under there for don't give up don't give
up big I'm too tired
I give up oh yeah
oh yeah okay get your face out of the
duvet good girl yeah good girl look at
you I didn't from me hello there munchy
oh do you need a feeding you need a
feeding you look so funny like a little
pig piggy little piggy oh hey like
income movie nice gap you know there's a
gap in your top you've got a gap in your
table hey this is coming off
Oh No or said Oh Jojo po po po po po hey
Nevaeh maybe yeah can you say mm-hmm
close movies Wow oh my goodness
Abby Abby Abby Oh Oh me cups and Tina
sucks
I mean boop boop puffy cheeks
oh boo boo leave my hand you need my
hand my nose goodness
everybody's been going mental and we
couldn't figure for ages for one anyway
I found out what the carpet was this is
this is the culprit right here looking
at them you know come up right screaming
okay guys you know she can't get him see
my eyes I just give up oh he's gone all
gone you did it you won you won come on
let's go let's go
Oh No Oh No
so um yeah
this ended up in the washing machine
which is not bad cuz you're thinking
it's just a nappy but it's a boon happy
you can actually see well I don't know
what you're doing atomic weight did you
get out
are all our toes who sent it now wallet
cheese the bed sheets on the tutu what
stings inquire to that but I think that
might be because I had it on a pretty
cold walk where is there poop in there I
think so I think this was the putti
nappy that came with the TKO that all
just got thrown in no oh goodness these
things happen
do you think that leave comments have
you've ever done anything similar super
smelly clothes I don't think that's poop
maybe gotsta she's all like rough maybe
that's the stuff that's inside the nappy
that absorbs their wee wees and stuff
maybe we should just put a true again
like it's Jonathan is there any poo in
here oh yeah you're right actually
why isn't it all fancy yeah all the
clothes and stuff are fine look yeah you
feel everything like this is all fine
yeah it is I had a bouncy back normal
yeah it feels like she just crystals all
over or something yeah honey cuz it's
supposed to do that with the supposed to
absorb moisture so maybe it absorbed the
bounce the softener oh yeah here absorb
the softener oh my goodness I left the
house about an hour ago
what's happening here oh it's just
calling people willy-nilly I have to
have an hour ago just tune it down to
the two petroleum to get a tuna roll and
you know don't believe what happened
right um close to my house there's this
really small kind of road which is
really thin a bus came by at the same
time is where I went by like obviously
the Porsche is quite big and
at uh-oh smash my rear view my side
mirror thing and I think here's one got
broke as well like and I was like oh my
goodness new boat stopped and we had to
call for the police that the collector
Guardi have to come along and and they
act like a new boss was just like stop
there and all the people on the bus it's
like storming rain and we have to like
just wait for the police to come and
then that took about an hour
please got there we sorted the whole
thing I did always changing details bla
bla bla bla bla and now I'm at a petrol
station which is like I just nipped that
for five minutes to grab like some like
tuna rolls some tuna rolls and some
coffee and next thing you know I'm in
like a collision and I'm like sitting on
the side road for an hour as a police
come luckily enough though Amelia and I
did not commit me so that would've been
kind of scary I mean it was in it the
car moving like blue scarier bottom it's
kind of annoying
I think his wing Ramiro broke as well so
if both our rearview mirrors are broken
we'll probably skull 50/50 I don't know
what's to happens dude you crashed your
Porsche
I own a Porsche for how long have I got
the porch like about three or four weeks
I already crashed it I crashed a Porsche
lease I can always say that no this one
left can that be trusted to drive after
today but like oh hello
ready to go for a little test boat ride
huh mommy's having trouble
little nice three-point turn never
before been able to do the big save but
now at level three because that's the
minimum they do we're on the big save
see these aren't exactly what we're
looking for just know it's not quite
right it has to be like a poor top this
is just the cups remember guys I bought
one of these here I used to bring into
the studio every day wow it's crazy I
can't even remember those days like I
can't even I was like a whole lifetime
ago yet it was only like a year ago God
life is a roller coaster okay what the
hell they've moved everything they've
changed everything everything's being
moved around they've moved things around
Nene's I thought Tesco we're not
supposed to do that without telling
everyone there they are
know why
we're just gonna have to binary this one
whoo
no now I have to pick it up
exactly
gravy bones YUM delicious biscuits for
the meaty coating mom I tried them to
pick like one Christmas moment or one
Christmas thing that makes you think of
Christmas the most in whole entire world
it's this I don't know how that's actual
official snowman toilet paper but I'm
sure everyone in the world must have
seen that you know the kid runs and
makes a snowman how are you problem
actually on that and then that's how you
know you're a different person or if
you've had a Winnie the Pooh advent
calendar or if I should actually buy it
we need $2,000 and just eat all the
chocolates and never open the doors who
ever wanted to know a poem a slide look
a taste of Poland whoo look at this
stuff Oh can't stay she's crying keep
moving oh my goodness I've never seen
Nana Charlie before but I really want to
I really want to go beyond the red line
and see what happens
would be so much fun you are a fussy one
mr. Grinch you're a naughty one mr.
Grinch huh
aren't you right here
oh my goodness Eve ativ Oh waiter I I
feel the car that I drove to the front
door to collect you guys poor little
doggies out there in the rain my own
buggies hey neighbor their immediate I
was here that's not seem to have you
know it just keeps on coming
are you done are you done you done you
need a change in you want to change and
you're gonna say something say something
I live off your spit up Java beautiful
you can tell Amelia a joke back neck
who's there Oh Bianca Bianca who Bianca
me the people's genders come like the
Yankees my jokes
I predict a few jokes - you're amazing
at the joke my shot I don't have a shot
you have a sure listen to me now oh jeez
there's wondering what you were looking
at okay let me down
let's get a change in what see a low E
oh I'm a bubble heat a mom or a bubble
he'd do I a man in a dress these are
decent coming flow
is season to marry these slow rolling
attire this season always the pizza
YUM where's my Italian friend huh
buongiorno Giovanni homicide is good
I'll move out what are you I'm fine
thank you very very much
oh no I don't know if we made a big
mistake guys when we bought these huh
why didn't somebody say something to me
huh I blame you I am blaming you hmm
punish yourself leave me a comment and
let me know what you did to punish
yourself for not telling me in time that
these are baby dry we buy active fit
that doesn't say Mac to fit that says
baby dry I don't even know the
differences I assume this gives you dry
babies and the other one gives you
active fit babies that one looks high
they look pretty happy that looks like
Amelia like a little chunky monkey
hello is she like should I talk to the
hand look she's like smacking at her
babies like whatever yeah any comments
after you punish yourself then tell me
the difference between baby dry are they
going have I ruined my child's life our
child's chances at life they're going to
be more proof lotions or less true
explosions I vote less two explosions in
this like a super topping pizza you
wanna know how to get a super topping
pizza like this you do this anna has no
chick I took all the chicken off and
this pizza and I put it on my pizza so
I'd ever super topping then you guys
remember way back I think was like day
40 or 50 when and Delta was over and we
bought pizzas in there like the local
spar something and it was like no
toppings on I think nobody even like one
pineapple
when he drove that and we were like oh
welcome darlin oh I'm gonna get some
like Irish pizzas and it was like
they're like geez they're pretty stingy
with the old
ones but I'm one pineapple would piece
of pineapple like oh I got well that you
guys and you guys watches back then well
I think was it like for people my mom my
brother and my sister
I think Albie sometimes would watch it
if you're one of those blue cuz that
would be my sister was saying when she
was joking about I'm saying yeah the
awesome mom thing you know it's awesome
mom not awesome cuz she thought it was
awesome it's like awesome mom from that
em that me who was a music video Katy
Perry it's the air is at the end of the
video where she's sitting in a room it
can t rain she's ranks the glass or
something and she's like ah oh and then
I start dinner as a joke and then if you
sort of became a thing but that's where
it comes from it's not also just you
know ah who do you love though it says I
love who how you gonna spell oh you're
gonna make it you ya know it was nice to
come off - except it wasn't finished
done yeah I know sorry I was too quick
with the cleanup I better go get our
little friend
I don't immediate the Texas anyway she
needs me I love you Oh
imp Don the end oh oh geez oh geez we
have a break-in hey what are you doing
under there
Yankee Navy Navy Bianca
what are you munching on what you find
good - what is it what
you can give it to me give it to mommy
give it to mom
give it what the hell do you have she
got something a piece of plastic we
vacuumed in here today what what are you
guys doing
don't you dare pee don't you do pee the
boy going to you
oh I think it's his little ha ha oh yeah
come here it's okay it's okay
that's okay okay I understand it's hard
to walk down the stairs little bunny
sometimes yeah okay there you go
now come on dear Tommy well you're going
back up anyways ah may as well come down
all right who wants treats yos oh I need
to put my um hold on you want my stuff
away free man a puppies you know stop
let's go puppies all right a puppy I was
upstairs over your ticket cow in the
gate okay take it correct correct
correct
oh you guys don't have a ticket see you
tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be awesome
Oh
