what the hell is this oh yeah Nene's my
head is knocked up for like two years
and I've never had a problem with it
holy
so sometimes we alternate between bath
time and shower time like for example
yesterday I mean I had passed I was
mummy and today this morning she's
having shower type dad so I wanted to
show you guys annum
she's so cute no they're not hot water
um somebody's already pretty girl so
yeah we're going to the doctor today I
have my doctor's appointment which is
supposed to be my two month checkup but
it's actually turning out to be a
three-month checkup because um I didn't
know that you were doing I know I didn't
even think but I didn't know that you
were supposed to make an appointment
straight after like giving birth I
thought I could just leave it it's like
the eight month
Aarthi eight months the eight week
appointment thingy and I just thought
that um that you could you know make
your appointment like a week beforehand
but uh turns out you can't because um we
had to end up waiting like another was
it three weeks four weeks something like
that um so yeah it's turning out to be
like a 12 week appointment instead but
that's fine there was nothing really I
mean it's just the OB appointment so
it's just like checking yet rather than
Amelia um but she's coming too obviously
so I have to pick out a really cute
outfit because um these are the like
midwives and doctors and stuff that
looked after me for the whole entire
time when I was pregnant I know so she
has to look her best so I think I'm
gonna pick it a little bow for her which
bow should we wear
this one's so cute hello zit lotion time
Oh watch your face it's cold is it cold
oh it's a little bit cause it's a little
bit cold on your belly it's a little bit
cold on your belly
is it a little chub thank you I need to
take your 12-week photo today well I do
that tomorrow but we'll take one of you
today anyways could you so cute cuz
you're so cute
what a beautiful mid-morning last time
women we used to drive your own time
every like Tuesday or whatever why's
every like two weeks no it was like once
a month and then it was like every two
weeks and then I was like every week and
then we were booked in and it was like
now Adam I'm the next bush I want it
like everyone knows that guy's voice
that's the guy we go to see there that's
our home be to be funny we haven't been
back here since before since a week
before last time we were here we booked
in the induction and then and every time
we used to go today I'm f anyone else
can relate to this if you ever go to
your OB office and like you're pregnant
there's always some times you see a
person that were a baby yeah never
what an idiot oh we never like that here
he's kind of my new folks I'm like
my girl I just
yeah and now we're going to be one today
in a room and all the other moms and
they you know like the ones you can tell
with no bumper like long road and you
got the ones coming in like like whoa
you're about to pop lady and sometimes
you see people's like tons of kids I
know I know
tell us next time I would use oh there's
a toy box and then all the kids are
playing in the toy box and then the
other parents who are pregnant are kind
of waiting around it's like oh my god
it's the next stage we should just bring
like all of our dogs yeah let them run
around I'm kind of excited I feel like
you know what I be it's like I feel like
we went on a journey together and then
we never called and we never talked
afterwards I feel like we broke up
abruptly and I'm like dude you never
call you never ride you know
did you give birth did my baby like we
don't have to like these keeps internal
relationship going or something can we
give them you send you a Christmas card
or something yeah I know
no I feel like this is way overdue
oh is it cries to eat oh yeah one of the
old fairness they did say like Oh what
kind of busy so I push back because it's
the least important thing you know I
didn't expect the moms are a bit more
important but it's a so super exciting
though to like here ah kidness looked up
bottom window there was like I think
that's where induction is because
remember I could look at that's pretty
much what I could see over there they're
like grants yeah yeah yeah yeah hey Z
huh we got a DS they're probably had the
baby now is that the back at hospital
isn't it Randy side yeah cuz you went it
went upstairs and across the bridge
let's go inside do you remember
yeah I was a boy at the back though was
way at the back there oh the memories
you guys remember coming here huh ah the
excitement the memories during that
night I've gone home when you were in
gene and jeast and stuff I was like oh I
don't know which is like conk out like
unconsciously except and they just woke
up at like 5:00 a.m. on it dogs
everything ah the memories memories here
we go you'll spot the old stomping
ground
ah many a days many a day hello there
they actually have to pay when you're
coming back a second time is it not like
bite one baby get parking free that'll
be a good deal it is so funny the giant
custom kings and burr bones
a copy if anyone asks we're table five
by the booby feeder
hello booby feeder yum look we went all
out today not some coffee there should
be something here should be something
here but it's not here ya go honey so
when we do any well with the OB to the
exciting in there the tennis open until
they throw its ruse a tumor like I'll
see you at the 16 week induction process
Thanks so pointing in all the midwives
that water witnessed the whole time
they're like oh my god it was this your
girl kept coming over like the talk to
media tougher net and then the mom was a
comedian I was like what it was like a
little girl was called a media she was
so cute I say hey yeah she's still cute
isn't he looks like 20-something months
off ya know it's like I don't want a 20
month old baby where do you get them get
to save up
yum-yum-yum
all right let's tuck in now do you want
to explain what happened you go
this
did you did you hmm
it's bad GG guys I like it look at my
hair what kind of cool threat okay let's
get you sorted because my copy my sound
we're just getting gold do you want any
tougher cold lunch be honest now
you laughing
do something you just did it quick like
plus I think that buddy you should
change her buddy what's going on can you
think of like what we use this month was
me like what she liked her favorites
yeah mm not this
hello scrunchie paper oh yeah recently
the scrunchie paper in this she's kind
of lost interest in the swing a bit yeah
um the mobile I don't touch that we can
just the mobile part no song just leave
it just leave it leave it hello America
is this your bedroom is this your
bedroom is it you're so cute look at you
hey he's so cute aren't you oh my god it
looking crime no way
ah if I had my phone I would steal the
Instagram picture on you she's so tiny
shapes like one of the cupcakes tree
cupcake yeah I know
we're gonna go for walkies now because
the dogs did not get walked this weekend
or last weekend you know because we have
so many guests and things were just
crazy so um they really really need to
walk they're all being very can of it
though they're such good dogs so we're
gonna do Alby and Sina first like always
let's go guys uh you stay there for a
sec okay if dogs stay there okay let's
go so this is right to Nevaeh and he'll
and I bundled up I'm wearing gloves and
a coat as well because it's just too
cold it's too cold so I kind of feel
sorry for Bianca and movies because
they're the last ones to get walked and
it started to ring in a little bit and
it's darker so um we're gonna have to
start doing these walks earlier guys not
right it's not fair if you get the
darkest trainees trying to find some
shark meat so I can build a rucksack
amazing see like mommy sons you have you
got your blogposts done yet I swear I
didn't touch anything okay we pitch why
what how is when I thought broken I was
just in there I like citral art the way
you said it doesn't work on mine anymore
something you could wait what control
refresh yes I went too far
okay what's the computer did now so I
waited for five minutes five minutes
yeah I did Citra are again hello snack
came back my friend inner I put central
art cafe what can I speak man oh you
would you sit rolling and then I just
look at it and the hesitantly scream
nice I swear if you have broken what the
hell is this oh yeah ninis my head is
knocked up for like two years and I've
never had a problem with it is my name
is babe
I swear again is if this doesn't come on
you're gonna be barred from all
electrical devices just don't do it
again sorry you're a crazy person sing a
sorry song that's not gonna work
sing a sorry song go he studied music
for like 20 years
oh I like to chew hands there let's call
them fluffing actually
oh is that golf looking about strumming
Kamiya strum Oh
a regular Willie Nelson no no hear me
wheeze yawns I'm so sure where's
Theodore he's probably hiding from you
I am sorry ma yeah I know and it got zip
line denoted gonna walk oh I can tell
you as the owner of a Willie zip lining
is not fun Christmas tree alby's just
like no no no moms in one of those moods
okay you're late
yeah goes where Ashley H my lights
Monday night tradition Monday night
traditional Emily you loving it like
that you're supposed to carry on there
none of that song okay I'm loving it
loving it living in some look like this
do you really like it do you really like
it
this is our Dexter Walking Dead homeland
and so on and so forth dinner on our
Monday night tradition where our good
friends Lloyd white come here boy hello
my name's Larry Curly Hey we're gonna
change things up like crazy people
oh yeah we live on the egg we're like
remember years ago it was like Pepsi Max
it was maximum Cola maximum taste you
people like jump in airplanes and like
you know like arrange yourself when they
drink Pepsi Max check it out luxury
vegetable stir-fry mm-hmm
normally we have Asian vegetable
stir-fry oh yeah
today we're using luxury vegetable
stir-fry maximum Cola maximum taste
voila voila voila voila boola boola
boola boola Ola Ola Ola buena Buena
below
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
