so cool oh god no no don't worry they're
leaping today
what's the babysitter Oh Dean oh boy and
you're right there no hmm she doesn't
like cake and tea fabric no no no she'd
rather something more substantial yeah
with a monkey milk yeah mommy's a large
philosophers no tea doors to get his
medicine fruit surf durbin chirping burp
look it kind of goop that itself okay
and this isn't gonna hurt or anything
okay but I need you to roll over for me
can you roll over like Beethoven
oh let's simple look oh poor little
doggy all right let's get you sorted day
number two on the Advent train Artie is
easy to find does Amelia one open to
where their big car nails yeah I showed
it to you what are you talking about
exactly I honed in on it
come on Amelia here we go and go for it
one going yes hmm yeah nice nice job huh
let's see what it is don't open 500 to
double to double doors is it a reindeer
Oh mmm
- reindeer huh dear there's plenty of
rain and deer in Ireland but no
reindeers the tallest building in the
world is Dudley seal don't listen to
people people in Dubai will start
telling you about these tall buildings
nothing not a pike you know actually see
that building there that one there is
about the height of the building and
Dubai that's supposed to be the tallest
one this look at the size of it she
raises Neil Armstrong's probably up
there hanging about that's where you
know the M the robot that's on Mars
that's essentially just sitting up there
so I'm gonna be my sister is in town
Mama's trailing behind in her car um
trying to figure out where to go to keep
him for a nice lunch thinking market
laying me up Lane
yeah market lane is nice you can curb my
friend oh I guess she's not my friend
hello snuffles put a hat on go cuz it
was a little extra cold colder than
expected huh
so colder than expected huh we're just
waiting for grandma because she's lost
in the car park somewhere this your
first time Navy opera Lane is it
especially the first time I've actually
have her in the city center kind of like
pushing around in this way anyway we've
driven through here on many occasions
but 70 the first time we walked through
here isn't it
look at me man gentlemen sterling that's
where you get your gentlemen's clothing
so we found him in the end loss anyone
saw two drunken problem
and Ellen mark last night for any or
accosting regarding your not go who to
one of the bounces I know like a large
army which one high much don't think
it's like a cartridge
yeah and your mama don't be quite like
it not your way yeah no no please please
I think I do
I wonder no it's an on demand this is
our mom and dad
they're Irish wedding lunch dinner
dinner yeah we put you'd be away and
then
I can do Irish and they go away
yeah yeah yeah we didn't even turn up
our wedding my career to anything you
know I guess when I get to for videos
like wow Hydra pending an internet in
the world you know media about machinery
is expected us all whatever wedding cake
is dope it cuz it over it's all one two
eight seven one day and you're just open
yeah well it's really a position if I
want to be
we got all right up one song once and my
mummys both cheated on them
weird to think they'd drop some bread
and so my sister is husbands and
boyfriends fiance watch the blog's that
seem to be hosted thank you I've been
super fan doing this bigger finer thing
in our drive every day baby
it's in Japan oh I like twittering
course the iplex Japanese calculus or
maybe watch
so what you would remain him like a
favorited videos do equator them
actually have an account I can okay and
often oh my god I want to take video
boxing they are from yeah you're sayin
no worry no no he doesn't and oh yeah
but after when they pooped on the music
any watches yes oh my god you have got
to avoid rap I know I know yeah I like
like you know hello I have this morning
I was facetiming with everything Lee and
when a charged raped oh my god
multiple cameras however let me do that
did he run around the room happen see
I'm not the silliest one in the family
and she's the oldest
yeah do you guys see yesterday I am
Instagram this picture right on say this
focus focus or any way you saw it
Instagram
anyway was it community I'll go to the
fifth member
Vijay don't laughing you got the boot
and the jacket damn
oh yeah oh my god they only watch dearly
my sister's on Instagram pictures
collection a rainy day
oh right it's gone the only son
and I felt a we give you updated sign
because you would know huh that's cute
looking gingerbread yeah a little bit
yeah maybe dinner part on seldom in here
so cool oh god no no don't worry they're
leaping today chicken I'm trying to walk
away from Yugi car ah she's a god out
there leave comments if you think these
hooligans should move to Cork be part of
the attraction of the court are adopted
oh okay I appreciate up shirt a quirky
Brian here really appreciate that yeah
see that's the connector you're one yeah
that's nothing
it is no snuffle waffles hello she's not
for waffles you have an Amun you have an
ax mind
yeah with a winch punch him in the winch
punch okay let's get you changed
oh that's cool there's another switch
for the other one what did anything a
vicar and stuff no I don't like
flickerings no and there's like that as
long that must be her she gets it fun
yeah hi Jovie Edmund what you got yeah
we got a deer today part is really nice
it's like it's really hard to find the
numbers though if it's like goes right
in a corner or something oh yeah yeah
he's gonna mop is this these Google Maps
to finally put in Google like door one
and then it gives you directions here
just do err on this floor so we're at
Mary man hospice because there's a
Christmas tree lighting ceremony thing
here oh my god oh my god Oh
the - I slowpokes her back here
yeah
Oh
in our face
the reason I came here was before he
passed away was to Mary Beth Hospice
they came to the house isn't it yeah
they send someone who has like near
there the whole time all the way like
maybe and today actually falls on am the
four year anniversary was today four
years ago that Anna's dad passed away so
we just thought we'd come up no no sad
day but a happy day to cuz Amelia's here
Jesus she slept you the whole thing yeah
mean yeah she's like the music is so
good I just decided to sleep the whole
way
where's luck yeah I can't I can't see
the card oh I know it's right here
somewhere near the blue light would
anybody like to participate in the game
rpps would you like a PP would you like
a PP did you like peepees Wonka peepees
that side we're good babies outside is
my phone don't worry about it don't be
alarmed by the rain why it's no one here
come on guys come on newbies you'll be
first to go ahead really by example and
all I you cannot sign right now
something got a great idea
you gonna wear tight leash bright side
Avon good doggy feel ya oh uh tear
though you're supposed to be outside
uh-oh
Tito me Oh monkey go peepee Steele
show them how it's done what a mess No
Deal no licky licky Willy Willy however
it isn't horse Bianca me four feet
behind ya
Bianca you never told him your
knock-knock joke
and come on put on your friend your
thinking my shot to show hey I'm a
knock-knock joke in the middle go get
away from me get away using language
everyone everyone Shh
listen to me joke race back man who's
there
Bianca who all right go go go who's
there
do I hear or what did I wrote a fan
letter on it okay go go go get me to
stop with Patricia stop yeah okay come
off you two look take it outside
we should make don't well maybe nothing
it's very small now listen to me now
who's there immediate Amelia who
immediate Emma Tina and a pretty
brilliant at the jokes
knock knock jokes you're the best okay
I'll go go knock man is there Jeffy Jovi
what Yaffe joke oh we gotta be quick
Amina because we gotta get home in time
to watch you love hate
yeah I know you did you stole everything
of mine Oh big stretch big stretch
that's unclip you you ready go
he's a little piggy was it her mind
going I think Oh
hands up is it give me a second
all right sexy idea let me just do that
okay
stevia right so here is a full tpho if I
can get on flame alright so there's the
meeting we all know what I mean he looks
like a dashing scratch scratch is great
alright this is a picture of Anna around
the same age old a bit older a bit older
she's a bit bold or too let's be honest
but Anne listen she used to live in
California California holy and this one
here oh you're so cute see that's the
same no that way okay that looks a bit
like me that does look a bit like Amelia
oh is that in Cali is Rob here
California girl
did you live in the valley were you a
valley girl where is the valley I don't
remember
oh don't know either works anyway leave
a comment let me know what the valley is
that I always hear people referring to
valley girls I have no idea what a
valley girl is was that in clueless we
were in clueless where he was like from
the valley
we live in the valley important is this
pronto con gusto
it's like pronto con gusto
from a guy in - oh yeah so the one in
the Hat hat attack hat attack there ya
go
there you go little buddy if you want to
pop out of there jump on a chair
chow down feel free no one's stopping
you
ha ha yummy yummy this is why we come
here what happened what happened huh
what did you do what did you do what did
you do oh the apple of granny's eye oh I
thought I was gonna say a bad thing what
does this one say twinkle twinkle little
star how I eat sure Fuzzy's up high five
blogs with your foot you ready Wow foot
five foot five all right we need a full
change
Snoopy dupes you did you little
troublemaker aren't you makes me such a
troublemaker yeah let's go gonna have to
go in a minute because I love haters on
well that's customs are in our give us
your customs well yeah so you want me to
change the vacuum cleaner bag because
it's full of spiders oh my god what else
oh okay sirs what am i opening on
spiders run out
is there an under bike to put in place
oh hey you hello snuffles or something
hello you know can't even see you
Nicholas
I chose the bike oh you're feeling you
don't even notice you got your breast on
the video hmm
did you see my wife's breasts they are
wonderful yeah oh my god actually did
happen a spider actually just fell out
of the bag oh my god spiders what is
going on hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
