good morning friends and welcome you
have made a very good decision on
choosing to watch this video
amongst the other 50 billion zillion
videos are of that future today today
friends it is real and rainy ooh
but look how dark it is my goodness
there's your hot gmail and meet me where
have you gone
diamond you see how do you see our
darkness
really it's will oh how about you come
back inside and have your breakfast know
you've got socks on let's just hear and
I'm about to change her nappy she's just
in a big boom which yesterday she did
like just before we went into the got
into the car so this is better this is
better timing okay just I snuggled her
for ages yesterday cuz yesterday were
really tired because I'm she woke at
2:00 a.m. randomly and like she's never
done that before like since the very
beginning she doesn't usually wake in
the night she didn't last night thank
God but then a median Eduardo came in to
us early and like that I can handle but
the 2:00 a.m. wake up like just not good
but so I'm not having salmon because you
see and I don't way like summon anymore
but I do like it and they like like I do
like it just a little bit and Mooji and
please tract right away
once again Raj why Bonnie
daddy I'm burning burning so this is
Amelia's week planner for her this is
which she gets to eat every day in
school so today she's having fish
fingers and battered fish served with
chips baked beans fresh vegetables or
chest choice or vegetable fingers or
jacket potato this is I want to go to
this school you ladies are so lucky deep
you are the most lucky girl do you know
how you're so lucky
both of you have oh jeez Oh No oh boy
okay that was daddy's fault
let me see okay we're just gonna change
your top your shorts are okay your socks
are okay it's just your top okay and
your face is a bit wet all right I'll
take care of Amelia it's okay I'm really
sorry guys it is so rainy today like so
rainy
and horrible and just grim outside
honestly my hair don't even know why I
hurled it yesterday because it's a mess
today
my makeup is wrong so it looks like I'm
wearing no makeup when I'm actually
wearing makeup I had to order a new
makeup because um yeah the other stuff
just wasn't cutting it I was using like
stuff that I had spare um I'm on about
foundation by the way in case you're
wondering but yeah it's just like not
working for me at all like it just looks
like I've got no makeup on which I know
some people like and I like I don't want
to look like I have makeup on like too
much but I want my skin to look flawless
like I just don't like any
and marks are like I don't know and it's
just it's too oily for my skin and I
just don't make it so yeah so I'm going
to get waxed
now um that's funny I scheduled all of
this in for like when the kids come back
to school because I knew that like that
may turn the temperature over because it
is very cold um yeah I knew that the
kids would be back to school and
everything and then I could get like
back into like all of my like beauty
stuff and the way when they were at
school so I think Jonathan's picking up
Eduardo and then immediately until later
so I have a little bit of time and
unless you're snapping so I'm gonna go
and get waxed now I'm trying to find
parking in my town which is gonna be
impossible because it's raining great
hello mister oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
wardo called me a donkey
did you call that it ugly no I don't you
punk you a donkey donkey you say what's
a donkey donkey
do you realize that is carbon fiber
carbon fiber okay you and your little
Nikes hey was your first day of PE today
was it good
does that mean yes or no well last year
when you're in school they planted
carrots and over the summer they grew
and then today they got them back how
exciting
we got the carrots for dinner today
grown by Eduardo oh look the giant balls
from standard the cancer can you guys
see us understand that the cancer live
stream we were there bouncing our balls
these big things here they're actually
surprisingly more difficult than you
would think actually bouncing us
anyway qualms in your pop I made a
little popsicle I feel a lot better now
and you know what it doesn't hurt the
more often that you get it done it
doesn't hurt I don't think I've ever
updated you guys I've been coming here
for about maybe a year maybe more like a
year and a half I'm not sure it might be
a bit more than a year and honestly it
doesn't hurt anymore I got all the first
I was agony like the bikini line area
sure agony but second times pretty hard
as well because I left it way too long
because I got scared off and but if you
do it like in regular intervals it's
fine
so I do it like every four or five weeks
and it's absolutely fine and now doesn't
hurt at all so this was really chilled
out relaxing and I'm gonna brave the
outdoors again it is pouring rain so I
left my umbrella downstairs because it
was dripping all over the place and I
parked inside like in a multi-storey but
it is rotten out there
oh I'm working on this back to school
animation I'm just a building in Warner
right now but I just don't know if I'm
gonna be able to get this up on Sunday
let's smile because Amelia's birthday is
on Saturday and with school starting
this week I haven't really had a lot of
time because I've been wanting to like
spend time with the kids and go to their
school and just hang in there and just
you know I mean it's like take it slow
not rushing to do get too much stuff
done you know so I haven't had that much
time really I haven't really allocated
as much time as is needed you know so I
just don't know I'm gonna get this done
this week so I might have to knock
whatever funniest friends this Sunday
you're not that good school by the way
okay we made an agreement I will be
homeschooling Alessia now right I'm
gonna homeschool you interesting nerd
school but you will be my my
stay-at-home child
okay
it was sniff a baby just arrived home to
really empty house seems like there's no
one here when you can't just watch iPads
all day yeah come on I do I know you are
you want a cold shower yeah why would
you want that did you show everybody
your Hachem all right like does she yeah
I missed you today right Edward was
gonna go and wait can I see it from her
now it's half past really because mommy
dropped something
slammed the door into the bedside table
and turned on the D whatever you call it
it's not something in the place oh here
hold this how did I see her face mommy
she's very clever hello hi big brother
oh thank you that was very considerate
oh that very kind of you worried oh oh
maybe put it in her left hand see if
that works
tried yeah
oh good boy good girl yeah she is
Agni birthing egg and it's good cause
I'm just so amelia is home and it's a
Friday which means Amelia has completed
her first week of school Amelia how was
the first week of reception very good
was it good yes they call me brilliant
and different to that made for me to eat
and it's so yummy where they call you
brand and then they troopas at you and
then really I just
you should make any new friends throw
some new people in your class
Jimmy is very asleep nanny is bad
because we are very tired after it's
over now some bean bags to make it
thinner sorry are you gonna drive it
call the taxi by myself it's enjoyable
if it went to school what is happening
tomorrow
it's my pod it's her party and I'm not
gonna be old I'm still very big this age
because because when it's your birthday
I bought it and your birthday party
sometimes your birthday party isn't
actually on your birthday
Yahoo then die watching they were
titties and universes you know for the
viewing people friends is good dancing
that is very nice if you Emilia to
comprehend and understand that that's
very nice of you thanks for watching our
videos friends
that's what lady I'll figure will be a
video someday eternity we did it
we survived the first week I'm just
gonna go ahead and drink all these
bottles per second now these are for
immediate party tomorrow oh we got
lights like I can be committed well
that's not Carol I'm gonna drink all of
these hands nor of these Cloudy Bay
takes the pain away
seriously we survived the first week
which wasn't even a full week oh look at
this stuff here an elf fajitas we did a
lonelier Wednesday to Friday this week
but Wow Wow
they don't purpose I can't do that oh my
goodness like you cracked Eduardo right
and then you come home for a few hours
need to go back to me I get did its
death-defying it's insane is it beaten
Doug oh we're watching this show dr.
Jones or something
what does to see so much oh she watches
mom what's it called dr. Foster yeah
admittedly originally I looked at it
it's the beat dog it I'm gonna tell me I
was like no way
Friday night Friday night banter by
tonight mentor no I know what she did
goodbye Fred tomorrow is the most epic
mermaid party of your life make sure to
tune in for that it's gonna be amazing
I'm so excited for this thing like gonna
be so cool goodbye
you're a crab imagine dressed him all of
his little crabs or something some sort
of courageous crushes gracious order
things in a crew stations crustaceous
crusty new news crustacean yes but there
was definitely a crustacean period no
there was no no no again this is like
the trees girl runs it is there was a
Cretaceous period are you okay I'm a
happy there was definitely a Christmas
period do you comment Fez know we might
have been good bye bread enjoy the
Cretaceous period
you
