what do you think Emilia it's your first
toys show everyone in Arlen knows but
this is ghosts alike all the toys and
that are available for Christmas it's
like a tradition I think everyone kind
of like watches the toy show
hello there my little baby boy you
having fun yeah this is my channel this
your chair
thank you put Bianca to them no it's
always those do scrapping yes it what's
not new Bianca feisty hmm brothers and
sisters are feisty
you look so festive red so when you put
her in just put our plane you pop to
your head is the air yeah the paint
Gordon yeah no no oh oh come on shoot
coming through coming through guys it
would busy day ahead haven't got time
okay just like a winter wonderland
festival thing what is it
is there anyone even on it oh no oh no
it's a Grand Prix Christmas market
Christmas market
you guys go through the grand parade
crystal market was a grand
was there a parade was there a market it
was a gradually kind of grandeur sure
was the grand parade down bata Marcus
they called it hey they'll be ank
Bianca hell did you get McCain being
here what you doing here that always
happens
Bianca somehow just she appears places
she just appears places we'd be like out
somewhere and me job yanked his new
thing is knock-knock jokes
she's mad for try to get we give one no
I was just she has to do it alright okay
we're trying to member later on to get
the anchor tell you guys enough not job
they're actually very good you know she
puts a lot of thought into them as much
as her teeny tiny little brains go can
come up with a joke classic oh goodness
why is the traffic underground parade
hmm no like a pretty is here so nice
the lightest is kind of hitting it and
everything Park it's very pretty
you ever notice that Harlan's a pretty
old town it comments if you think
Garland's pretty
sort of batteries in the swing guide
again a man they're dying at like a much
faster rate I think I must be because a
whole weight or something L might be
getting a week out of a full set like
the batteries like seven or eight euro
so figure it's time to buy rechargeable
batteries but bargains are sold adding
them I need to charge unit I can get the
batteries I'll talk about charging unit
and the batteries are charging in it is
pretty redundant so I'm in helpless to
the maybe name Bevers one on here
they're also sold out of the charging
batteries the guy was like oh it's
probably cuz it's Christmas that's like
but my baby my baby keeps crying unless
using this way they're gonna try Curry's
here they have actual charging units I'm
manually pushing her super chair all the
time hi oh my god to actually got them
off you I thought I was actually going
home without them everywhere it was sold
out like Argus was sold out of them and
the place beside it where we call it
place
oh sorry sorry
jurors say takes three hours to charge
some bad boys up oh I gave up with Argus
because they didn't have the batteries
so I was like oh forget it I'm not I'm
not giving you nothing but I'm going to
swing by Douglas Court you got fire
crime it's like an ape in the Dunn's if
you want or we can leave it for another
day it's up to you okay so if you
decided on chowder get off
I always reminds me whenever it says
chatter you don't have a set of The
Simpsons where did he get hit the mayor
he's like if dogs like chowder Java you
freaked out or something anybody know
who's getting the changing huh and
asleep yeah I know
oh my little bubble head it's not a girl
it's actually him oh my god that's so
epic isn't it
Oh cease your insanity oh my goodness
I'm so happy I'm so happy that's a
little Dominus hmm this is so cool yes
and there's up when I like this I did
this Japanese like yo yes I got you
excited Amelia
are you excited for this are you
probably not okay all right Shannon it's
like a chatter mix though six feet six
seafood makes look seafood make salmon
whitefish Crowley wasn't as a seat
Monte's any better options seafood
melody anchovies marination what's their
muscles okay how we doing there little
buddy - you wanna just pop that tum in
you wanna just pop that time in ya know
you're gonna eat that okay okay okay
we're having a good home lunch there but
it's probably better if you want your
finger instead be cone hey just get a
little baking mix you so much now that
you can't decide this one cuz I have one
of them parked out front
Hershey's oh hi oh hi nice meeting you
here oh hi hi so we almost left what
evidence but we need to get this fast
because every morning I make my coffee
and then these never gets a coffee
because it always goes cold
this way this way it's gonna work we're
changing the rules we're taking the game
to the next level if we can actually
find it let's see it's not a flask per
se like this although like that would
work it's just your mom's one has like
exactly your mom's was the poor thing on
her strong culture you want was the poor
thing I really want the poor thing on it
so we've had to leave what at it we
didn't get it would be no coffee for you
tomorrow
sorry about that my sisters are coming
tomorrow my mom two sisters and a mom
who's gonna be at a Joey Heffernan blog
that's my mom's their maiden name my
found this thought in the afternoon yeah
okay pirates a grim sound and I'm
watching that in about two weeks
all right locked and loaded
now since readings oh wait a second is
this it here I was looking for you
instructions that seemed they're gonna
go read hold on a second little one is
seeing what's gonna go green is it no
battery off charging red completely
charged green aha okay so we're gonna
wait for that to go green and then we
are gonna stick it on hmm
fresh fish cakes yeah from the Marquitos
quick unboxing so put it up that little
bobble head oh I got a pouch or
something here I think it's like
waterproof or something did you know
your you want to go a place to viral at
the weekends you want to bring your
PlayStation with you
you need a survival mat it's like a like
a camping store a survival thing you
know it's a I think this is like hold on
just wanna check I might have the codes
yeah it does arrive on my codes here but
uh yeah it's cool look hold on to check
first don't be stealing me store flags
yeah it's got monkey business The Lost
expeditions the warrior pack the hunter
pack the predator pack and some missions
and stuff like that and obviously of the
game and then this thing here I think
this is like a journal yeah it's a good
job
good shooting goodbye cheers oh it's
kind of cool and then the little
bobblehead toy advance did you open this
thing up ah stupid sound tape
get out of my lifestyle tape we're back
in business
all right now making some tea for Nene's
some apple and cinnamon raisin tea nice
to go with our tasty fish cakes oh sorry
a little yellow something on your face
there pretty cups cups in his ass do you
know what a cups out his ass and I'm
gonna have myself a tasty coffee good
 oh oh oh off a
 oh oh oh off a fish
cakes embarrass da da da da da it's the
mother epopee GG
our own dogs what score hotel yeah
wasn't that last year no I have a little
time thank you and all sparkly and stuff
when is that what is that tomorrow oh my
goodness so you guys watching this did
you open your door I'm hoping I always
open door number one that's my tradition
do you have a traditional number Becker
you can have 25
I mean II can open one look oh my god
what good is Amelia with all the puppies
anyway where's the heater system ok
sheet or heat or no not that one do you
huh oh that's the fella here because
just in case I can't do heat me figure
it out you need to borrow this device
whoa
look at the pause oh mythis
look he's laughing you know that is
laugh it's like a tiger he's a tigress
oh Memphis mmm
shake it off you know oh goodness so we
need to go we are we were delayed
we're delayed exponentially so we need
to go and get a whole hearty healthy
meal I'm thinking the vegetable patch
you can curve look at that look it it's
not so pretty oh it's so pretty you know
it's even prettier but up but Papa I'm
loving it
we certainly are Ronald what you got on
the menu just evening Ronald something
tasty off-leash been happy meal no
problem dico oh do it do it do it
hi can I have all the diet coke you have
on the premises Thanks what do you think
Amelia it's your first toys show
everyone in Arlen knows what this is but
you're not in Ireland this is like a
show that's on for like a million hours
long but it goes to like all the toys or
like the toys and that are available for
Christmas and like it's like a tradition
I think everyone kind of like watches
the toy show I should do this jobs I
should do this goodnight I'd be so good
at this nothing when Ryan retires Joe P
if you should get that trending on
Twitter
Joe pew print of the Late Late Show 2014
2013 yeah 13 oh what a day guys I've
been so busy
today's mom is probably gonna be quite
short cuz I am pooped
it's crazy late I'm like I'm working on
this project at the moment what I just
want to show you guys this this is part
of a motion capture sorry guys a motion
capture suit I'm doing some work on this
motion capture project it's it's not for
YouTube it's like that other stuff that
I stalking about that I do now it's
gonna be running for the next couple of
weeks it's part for like a video game I
can't really go into detail
unfortunately but it's a pretty fun
project I am this isn't actually this
isn't for me like this is for like the
actors and stuff but I'm just I open one
up cause like I had to have a look at it
isn't it so crazy like it's got little
hands and stuff on it and we do inside
will map this out I've got 46 sensors
with a little place on the actor and
using I think even if DRL it's a type of
a rig that calculates adjustments remove
and then we discuss me map map has me
the movements aren't you like a biped
system as they make animation Baba Baba
blah but anyway point is I was like oh
my god we've been a couple of days
something that maybe after they get used
I should totally try one of these suits
on what do you guys think leave comments
should I put the suit on isn't it so
crazy it's like completely green and
look at the head because obviously like
we can
an actual person inish it's so cool
anyway
short vlog today Hey there you go back
to work you actually have a smurf do you
have a smurf Bianca is that a smurf
is that Miss Murph that's a smurf where
did you get a smurf what did you get us
oh you're so crazy I love you hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
