do you like elephant e-news are cute
isn't he so cute fine I put him back Oh
God
okay fine fine fine here look he's back
he's back
oh goodness guys like not exactly snow
well it's definitely a step in the right
direction
it's just frost but uh oh thank you oh
my god
how are you thank my deal how are you
just warning play will be despondent you
say you don't Oh Alawis you always get
them says let's go here what what I got
you let's go inside inside you there you
there trouble me come here give me up I
can beat it o Christmas tree o Christmas
tree how beautiful you are thee ah tis
lovely to wake up in the morning wake up
in morning never have my sleepyhead
one little monsters it's so beautiful
our first Christmas sorry lifti nice you
wanna see what ninis did to be a nursery
ah what it's got little stickers and he
stickers you paint them on my stickers
house
decals are so cute I need to get the bar
maybe we can get it today before the
room tour video her Playmobil thing what
she was sitting in here last night and
she was where's the scrunchie thing she
was playing with her scrunchie came last
night like just crinkling it in her hand
oh she was a um the light shade oh yeah
look at the light shade it's kind of
cool isn't it's like material then we
got new curtains as well for her and
then a thing the curtain clip we got the
angel care because when we asked you and
most people said get DM angel care
movement and sound baby monitor it's not
the one with the camera but it is the
one with the math on it we didn't get to
camera
because I don't know I just feel like it
might make me paranoid Oh somebody
suggested putting my iPhone
um beside Amelia and then facetiming
Anna's iPhone or iPad downstairs and
then essentially that would work as you
can see there's a problem here and I
believe Theodore is responsible how do
you plead
how do you plead huh if you just if you
just tell me what issue is everything
will be okay we won't need to take this
any further there's no need to call a
lawyer there's no need to get all
defensive okay it's just we're just
having a nice chat here we're friends
where's my shoe Theo where's my shoe
deal
my shoe oh my goodness oh no these guys
being out here oh if you guys behind
here oh I'm sorry
usually a place to check is the beds
this bed is all clear
this bed is all clear this bed is clear
this bed is clear and this bed is clear
hmm
I lost my shoe look how cute she looks
okay cute she looked past tense no
seriously though look sweet um I don't
get it those sweet on mommy oh look we
put around the little sushi trumpet
trumpet trumpet yeah you like that you
need to look after her Pollux better
Georgie you got a situation okay we just
cover it up and just we'll just figure
it right
oh look it up with the apple and banana
dough I know he's a cookies cookie
monster virus sometimes treat yeah but
this is sweet on mommy I don't get it
let's sweet on mommy
yeah like kinery can be sweet on someone
and you'd say that go I'm sweet on her
oh I didn't know that yeah some news to
me what is bad
look away is it bad call the police -
bad oh yeah who's as snug as a bug in a
rock stuck as a fucking a rock cuckoo
snug as a bug in a rocker Snuggies not
give these Macanese back
thank you a bug in a rug you snake it's
a bug in a rug
are you yeah here's how cute I love your
hat I love your little hat hmm hmm oh my
godness Santa Clauses in Douglas ha
Santa Clauses in Douglas seriously oh
it's Christmas which wants for Christmas
it's so cool I get asides of it
yeah store open look at this thing
oh it's Mork & Mindy baby isn't it it's
kind of cool though like I hope I was a
princess for a minute hi princess Joe
fee
alright this can't even get accorded oh
wait that's old you comfy Daria look at
my chair it's the kind of a lab chair
this is not the most comfortable chair
I've ever sat huh we're both gonna go
for the soup du jour tomato red pepper
basil soup served with habitus ground
sort of bread
y'all much what do you think huh do you
think it is the pig's back it's a nice
little spot is good isn't it huh nice
little spot teas so good well then she
grabs me hmm
mommy's in the toilet huh that's the
cutest thing in the world ever but she's
like sucking on her nose oh are you kind
of shooting under those um oh did you
hear me
did you hear me if anyone asks I don't
know what table number we are gonna have
a table number oh my god talking exact
four tables is there a name on the copy
no but isn't it good is it ah
French Lonnegan do you tell Anna oh no
young selection of fine soda bread mmm
they put butter instead of crisps in
here that's different I suppose not we
gonna get crispy see where that was
always to me the big start reminded I
lucky it's Christmas you know like the
Christmas eyes you'd always see the
coca-cola truck coming along you know
all the days are coming
this is it comin you know hey no biggie
hello Aussie Aussie and piggy so I just
pre-ordered my Far Cry 3 4 am I missed
having a bobble head
although gamestop think I said that ad
he's like oh we're not getting any poor
now bring it in them and I was like so I
booked it anyway because I think yeah
like 2 hours extra and gameplay of some
DLC and it's at like tomorrow or the
next day I'm not sure so I just bought
my becomes again purgatory hello yeah
hello with me today huh I said yeah oh
my goodness do you like you hey homie
yeah ha ha my chunky drunks wait I wait
ah oh my god do you like a lapentti he's
a cute isn't he so cute
Wow I know fine
I put him back Oh God okay fine fine
fine here look he's back he's back he's
back
is there a curiosity why do we need this
now
but I don't think she'll mind if just
not a troll in it I get one for a medium
Oh everything you just make up losing
the by oh yeah that's exactly right come
on though like we're done what it was
really here why making things up - I
know what's this for
right oh gee what is it a centerpiece
fine order Center is why do you put a
piece in the center we look at this
really okay
don't you have now a nice for
Thanksgiving stuff put mandamus I have
good are over me he's gonna push me yeah
we bring her to sign the class kiwi shit
you get it a little goofy one like it's
like yank at it let's get me over with I
don't care it yeah because I believe no
interest the Penguins
ah Santa well look
okay I thought you can actually see
Santa Claus always the same he's gone
Friday yeah Saturday - I look this like
ropes and stuff I know he's coming guys
where's the fest oh my god Nene is
looking we're Santa's helpers
so guys leave me anyone in court right
leave me a comment cuz we never gone to
Santa Claus before never yeah half when
I brought when I used to go to Santa
Claus as a child I used to go to went in
Baltimore would you actually go much
more my story after seven years buddies
in Contra name of the place in you know
Brandon Thomas housing in em and Grafton
Street well before it was brand Thomas
it was something else and in the
basement at the quite a makeup center
was just like it stairs that would lead
downstairs and every Christmas store is
a Santa Claus the big Santa Claus thing
was what was bran Thomas called before
it was Ben Thomas I don't leave me
coming Noah but also if you're in Cork
okay Dublin people can turn away now if
you're a cork leave me come with your
bad words it must be like I want the
best winter wonderland experience
without having to go to Finland what my
go to Finland is final already have a
Twitter world yeah I think so anything
sorry you remember last Christmas we
watched Essex is East East is Essex
assistant Festus one of those shows he
went to winter wonderland yeah
when was that Finland they went it I
think so I think so I had like deers and
everything it had character camps and
wooden things sorry it's just I think
she's getting kind of us yeah we'll go
we'll go anyway I'm using comments guys
ok let's get this done let's get this
done kids land grow together ok this is
our trick right
I bought this mobile ok which came
obviously with the sheep and stuff but
we're not going to even use that so he
was going to discard that from the side
I only bought it so I could get in
armed but then just throw away the extra
mobile part and then attach my favorite
one it's okay it's so cool is the way
like a taxi Suzy like can you see how
your touch is unless I you just kind of
twisted in I need to clean right now
like I'm totally just procrastinating
and doing other things that are more fun
than cleaning so I don't want that let
me know looks like water that I think I
should um I think I should also move it
though somewhere else I mean it looks
nice and all it's just I've heard you're
not supposed to put them in direct
sunlight you know how I know that I'm
not from Dexter we watch Dexter if any
of you guys watch Dexter there's a girl
who has like an orchid farm or nursery
think you called it um and yeah she said
it's not supposed to be in direct
sunlight oh I don't know just stay there
for now okay this is the centerpiece I
got for our table because we have this
this is our Thanksgiving that was like
it was a pity because we got it with
late it's perfect for like autumn
because I wanted like an autumn display
but now we're decorating for Christmas
so I'm gonna get some gold
um flowers and berries and things to put
in there like decorative things to put
in there this grass will get hot yeah
obviously dah I'm not an idiot you know
done stores this is what I'm doing
instead of cleaning it's so much more
fun so there we go and then I'm gonna
put some tea lights in and yeah I might
get some more like Garland stuff for the
table this is the room we're talking
about it's kind of the junk room you
know it's like the only room though it's
like not decorated at all it's just the
spare room you know but I did get this
bedding and the bed is made the sheets
have been washed and put down and then
it matches these curtains that's kind of
why I got it so it's like red and
cream and brown kind of theme that looks
better I know it's really dark in here
right now but there's actually no bulb
in the light because you'll have a stole
it
for hit study and I haven't put a bulb
in there yet so yeah now I'm thinking I
should have definitely gotten two lamps
Oh hate that you know when you like her
in a shop for so long and then you just
you decide not to get something and then
you come home and you realize you should
have oh my goodness
tonight is cold guys this morning that
ice and frost I was on the grass oh my
god like I just feel like I can't get
warm no matter what I do I've got my
heated up at everything he'd even a
house then I was like on oh my goodness
is the heating even on it's even working
like I'm I keep my Terrace I think it's
not like about 25 or so maybe is that 20
I'm not sure but I jacked that up I was
like forget it forget it jack it up Jack
it on boost there's this boost button on
our heating I mean every should turn on
I was like boost I was like double
pressing it double tap triple tap hahaha
it's so cold
would you ever snow would you Shh it is
oh that is my favorite face Emilia makes
every time I take it out to whenever I'm
out somewhere and I kind of miss her I
just turn on the phone and I just that
picture you've no idea that is the most
amazing thing I get like when I look at
that I cannot help but swear I am like
smitten with that face it's like look at
her I love you so much oh my goodness
I can look at this picture all day oh
crap
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
