till next time my PC
oh yeah I know it's only November but
sure why not like this Christmas only
lasts like a month so might as well make
the best of it
we're also trying to figure out where we
can actually put the tree because we
went on lat we bought a ten-foot
Christmas tree ten feet holy crap
so I think the ceiling is tall enough
for it I think this kind of area here we
are thinking over here cuz you think
that right here buddy no I let her in
and the reason we got a favorite in the
end is because we have a pack of wild
beasts and bringing a tree into the
house with a pack of wild beasts will
just encourage peepees you know we've
chained them to P a trees and stuff so
when you see a treat or gonna be like so
inside is now outside okay here comes
Santa Claus here comes Santa Claus right
down Santa Claus Lane I could fight it
tennis has even work I'm going to go and
guess that this is like the top right I
think we need to take this all out
actually drawing on take it out and put
it on the table
bit by bit okay yeah sure these are you
should take all these parts maybe I'm
trying get to the bottom oh my god this
is heavy
ah oh it says actually too bad because
it comes in oh good that way I put all
the individual twigs on
yeah like I'm gonna put more these
treated together before like you have to
like 20 grand together you're ready all
you didn't over on half my moods of
course and I saved in my Bernadette
bones oh I think this is the first one
because it has a sort of a funky part to
it oh okay Venice everybody is big day
with that schedule that I got is for a
slightly older me you know
Oh oops today's I was kind of hanging
myself how I was like very like look at
the space between all the branches
yeah thanks to make sure everything
running and open the hole i just opened
a hook tank up all right you guys see
that bug that's very like spacious tree
Oh No
it's better now than it was happy to get
on Dylan out nicely and we still have
another layer to put on and then the top
piece and you know we're doing look
we're gonna light this up while we're
while we're putting it together because
it doesn't smell like a Christmas tree
so we like this thing do you want to
light it yeah I didn't know it's just a
bit much as open flames
maybe Oh Brooke should be alright still
one-handed problem numbers go burn okay
I failed buddy righteous brother gonna
put you guys down for a second mm slide
up Christmas matter house smell of
Christmas trees Wow do you guys smell
that
hmm oh god I so smokiness
you
oh very fit oh she's another one
oh okay so do we do it like in the
middle or the peak it never get it up
first that Hey look at you ha ha
it's nothing huge
so look this is geo like oh yeah
you
you
you
uh yeah I think I'm every climber I
think we've got a big enough tree we
like didn't even realize when we're in
the shop when are in the shop it looks
not small but it just normal it's a
10-foot tree that's why but it just
looked normal it was shop and now that I
see it in our home I'm like oh my god
this is insane
like look how crazy that is
always is thank God for the apex I know
I think we might have box biggest
Christmas tree ever in the history well
we were gonna get the 13 foot all right
you had a 13 foot with like snow and
everything we're like we get that and I
was like no Turkey and I'm like I don't
need to be touching the roof I don't
know that wasn't even the reason we
didn't get it the reason we didn't get
the 13 foot is because we decided that
the snow tip what we didn't want
yeah what if we didn't want that one
year you know like if you wanted to a
different theme oh come on thank strong
arm is strong come on okay well I'm in
the corner at the teen bend over no cuz
they put a star yeah it's gonna look
cool when we have everything put
together say yo you got a freaking huge
tree oh yeah that's it that's it that's
it alright hop up there now and straight
not even possible
yeah I gotta what star see that's a good
idea
no it's too far away you're not gonna be
able to reach it hello there they're
getting like shed on June I thought we
got an unchanged
I know Freddie we go oh oh my god it
looks so oh my God look at just yeah
look just fits look at this take are you
big Amelia your fresh Chris
I'm moving over like we're going to be
able to show the scale in like a picture
no I don't even know if you guys even
connect you know a video never really
does it justice no I'm plus when you're
right there you only be able to see it
because it goes behind the wall that
itself is like a Christmas tree so we
got these yolks which is 200
multi-action outdoor LED lights prettier
and this monstrosity oh this is like 100
euros of something mental but I was like
have a camphor tree how many lights do I
need I would start at 600 so we're
starting with 600 lights um you just
untangle ask me please you know just
looked like it hey you know Christmas
you know and national I'm boots this is
vacation where Clark and his son huge
take your life like just like that work
that out there rusty all right this is
this is going to be troublesome getting
these lights on because you have to put
them true I'm calling them back and
that's kind of like impossible right now
so efficient otherwise did like it's a
little unorthodox but I'm just a Miss
too tall I couldn't actually get it good
figure like this is our plan
yes getting a missus
it's bright experience day you guys
ready you ready drumroll Turner
Christmas that's so cool it looks really
good
you guys can already see it because it's
so bright outside but looks really good
dude it little bit limited that system
works brilliantly what sighs it's gone
off now Oh your faders we'll have to
play with it tonight when it's in the
dark
you did it I'll have to zoom in to show
you but we gotta start up I got a star
up there ever do min this is like you
cats whoo well going on inside of a gold
team gold and white is it yeah
golden white nothing a gold white green
and the lights we got like the white
noddle they're kind of warm they're warm
lights not like white but they are warm
like a kind of goes oh is it yeah so
it's nice when I was younger on my
Christmas tree my family home we did it
that M where every summer like we used
to go to like summer camp and you guys
go to Pine Forest Art Camp leave me come
we're going to pine forest but I'm we
actually when you were there you'd like
make your own a Christmas decorations
you don't like your knit stuff for you
feel the oils up so our Christmas tree
was always full of that stuff we you
know like in years to come when Amelia's
in like primary school whatever yeah
she'll like be making decorations and
we'll stick them on the tree we so cool
welcome to my scary home yes now you can
store everything so I can get my room
done via taxi I think witnessed IRA
yeah we don't thought adequate so you're
all right here Joe feet freezing though
yeah well that's probably cuz it's an
attic thank you some sisters and my mom
are coming
yeah we're getting everyone's gonna
babysit immediate business hug with Anna
Maternity where we're gonna go ahead
until next time until next time might be
sooner than you think
hello hello hello
um my supposed to give the stairs I said
leave that in there because like in a
couple of weeks in a couple of weeks
time yes
nimmi's click Oprah we trap I'm gonna
have to like rebuild that oh my god I'm
just gonna have to rebuild it like if
you build it they will come
oh my how am I supposed to do
it's just light enough if that means I
have to go up in here I don't want to go
in here is there anybody up here with me
show us a sign
actually don't you know we're like
darica corridor all those people do all
that it's like how about you don't show
me a sign but you just abandon me here
Edda push push ah okay okay Anna yeah at
the next contraction I want you to push
yeah that's a quote from the vlogs
there's more we just had a recession our
situation no what do you think it'll
Christmas tree well you did I yeah it's
your first Christmas tree he loved it
yeah it loves you
Merry Christmas so I'm gonna break the
tree with a lot of fossil and hustle to
like this point here right so then
behind the tree will be the door but
when you come into the house they won't
look it's like in the middle you know it
lets you look back I mean if you can
have dog I'm gonna use that front door
bear with me one moment as I switch this
around
okay you guys Eddie what do you think
not better yeah
does that look a lot better without more
space and also when you come in the door
so now when you come in the door yeah
that looks way better I can't wait
tonight do you want me to change your
nappy
you want me to change your nappy
yeah hmm your first Christmas tree what
do you think mm-hmm
what do you think it a Christmas tree
hmm you wondering well the outside
treating the inside made you thinking
it's uh sparkly and shiny isn't it yeah
trust me years to come this particular
object you're looking at will be the
source of many many happy memories I
promise oh it's moving well we're in the
mountain point lane thankfully because
the tunnel lane is just not even moving
would you like some wood what's your
like some wood Fleetwood wood what it
was what sweet words paint my fence is
brown sweet wood wood wood Fleetwood and
look like with her back you know
supported Scott's phone where where do
you see the H thing alright thanks would
you say Walker I think it'll Walking
Dead the Walker this is my things look
Safari play
why don't I got a rocker Napa
this is ish yeah a pink one a tiny
princess I actually have a tiny princess
conversing to what if it's got a roof on
it it's got its got footsteps or
something grab it for the clothes it's 0
plus months I don't know thanks you've
lost your mind
you getting all these and we're back in
another Christmas shop okay we need more
lights stuck up oh goodness
it's all we had enough of everything but
turns out we don't we need more you
should get this that's lovely
for Christmas Day yeah am I an idiot
all right India oh my god oh wait it is
so we got new curtains guys oh my god
they're beautiful but you heavy they're
not for humanoids
well I couldn't care less I just want to
go home I'm bored of this like we got oh
yeah by the way look we bought another
pile of lights the Christmas tree is
still here I was worried one of the dogs
might have knocked a Dan horrigan oh
what they expect but look what I got
I'll taste it huh I was like oh god why
I got an opener yeah now I'm gonna be
able to open my beers and style Oh more
piles of stuff lights and stuff to put
on oh my goodness oh we got this Judy
Garland lights up we're thinking of
putting it in here I think it'd look
really cool what a day huh what a day
what a jail
let's go set this thing up it's gonna
set this bad boy up whoo-hoo cut see hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
