we look at lawyers get in there no why
was she like she like your foot licks
hello my little princess who's the
princess who's the princess are you a
princess are you a princess a you the
most beautiful princess in all the land
yes you are yes you are
ho ho ho ho ho ho my wife's a ho Oh
mm-hmm thanks a bunch thanks hope it's
so cold and rainy need to escalate the
situation from a couch day to a bad day
you don't it's it's night Mia you got a
booger in your nose and you think you
gotta go turn your nose and I think
you've got to go it's not cute you ready
for some num nums
so be numbers movie suddenly doesn't
exist momentarily but I just got back
it's too cold it's too cold I don't even
know maybe we should spend December in
bed or Ethan is ever in bed Sunday Oh
put your bib on beard Lobster your
Lobster beer
the tasty tasty powder the tasty powder
that's the tasty powder I'm gonna make a
confident like this sometimes I make it
like this sometimes they use the Machine
sometimes I like to shake things up
today is a shake things up kind of day
so I'm gonna I'm gonna make like this
whoa you guys actually make your copies
like this are you looking at me thinking
watch the name holy poopies is that let
me tell you about it so you can't go
from besides it's my trick right you go
from the sides don't forget to get a
little bit in the middle wait wait and
add some on the sides add some more on
the sides because Oedipa 3 miss all the
caffeine and wait and then plop a little
in the middle and then go around the
sides and then check because sometimes
you put in a little bit too much mmm
probably use it a little like she may be
a touch touch more how you go sides
there we go that's it that's it no muss
no fuss and now we wait and this is
accompanying our fine selection of
biscuits as you can see they're all
broken as well you see it was an offer
especially around Christmas time there's
always offers for like boxes of biscuits
and stuff I'm going to eat these ones
and they're Burberry's Burberry Burberry
biscuits Bourbons that's it just toast
you I don't like the rest of them what I
don't like though I'm just not gonna eat
them but you cheaper divide these boxes
I think it was like two of them for a
fiver something like that whereas like
to get the Bourbons on his own was like
two years I was like well I'll just buy
like a crate of biscuits because it's
cheaper and then we're gonna play some
games
ha
yeah yeah you have enough time hmm
you're gonna have to stay here now are
they don't upset the baby unite then
Amelia she homeys he does let's hang it
here I always taught it to keep we're
going to be able to touch it and like
swing it themselves I didn't realize
yeah I'm here because she will probably
probably the music reminds us of that
means she has a baby you wanna see in
your time right I'm not tangling
unkindness it's not for boys it's not a
boy toy hmm do you want a boy toy do you
want a boy toy the tengu these I touched
it once I chipped it one time with his
finger oh my goodness is happiness no
you're the idiot that's not my fault
and it's not my fault it's risky and I
tipped it one time I fixed it I touched
it again I fix this I need to hang it
yeah official hanging Department just a
little bit hanging over the roof like
what if it follows one string from there
I know what about like a little wooden
bar to come out here really you're gonna
manufacture a wooden bar it'll be like
going into Mothercare hi do you have
wooden bars what
Oh witty one no you know we got like the
TV wall stain it would be better it will
be like attached to the wall and we'll
come out to here what would you prefer
Emilia hmm all right well if we got some
have we got some twine or something no
Oh what are we gonna like hang it from
you need something like a twine or
something to go from the roof do we have
that why why well yeah why yeah we're
gonna go for you know and then I got
your note Oh mr. Feeny
ha ha Jake's s13 we look at law it was a
whole audience get in there no oh no but
she likes she like your foot licks never
forget they're all like jealous now are
they love you it's me talking why dad
tell - hey don't know this people
conscious of me conscious all righty
guy was just about to say who are we
ordering for dinner and it turns out
we're getting a jokey takeout
don't be taking digs at the best times I
get you can ever get about 10 minutes to
play two options we have tomato and
chili ooh
tikka masala this has been in here for
quite a long time okay we're gonna load
no I know I know I know it's a big gross
man
what
really ooh a medium for people where do
you see these information are you
getting all this what actually this is
an improvement doing - leaving them open
because like you're like changing the
baby right and then there's and then
there's like you know distractions and
then you forget to actually pose it over
that's what happens guys leave me
comments people out there in the world
of the interwebs
what stepchildren I must know that these
things do have it and you know what
you're talking about
Hey know what you're talking about these
are lies there's no evidence no I see
you stole my product Locker so uh I
already Vicki's yours well I guess
decided upfront does mine boom
you just got jofi yeah no you like to
just get it nutritionally satisfied Wow
somebody should tell someone about this
food thing does it give hunger to heat
oh it's Freddie's
this the water
oh yeah we're watching all logs when is
this winner is this what they doesn't
say down there oh my god you look like
Hank Alec yeah it's just like one of the
puppies anyway Jenny's so younger than
the yeah yeah yeah yeah that's so she's
only what when was that
244 so I think we're on day nine hundred
and something right now Oh
February 12 February 12 2011 sushi was
butter in January my 3 month 3 month of
yeah oh my god that's crazy to look back
in them and you guys ever do that watch
the are like for people that have just
joined us if you've just joined us my
name is Joe fee also known as Jonathan
somes call me jovis I burn a Cosme
thinner that is a story we're not ready
for roni roni like two and a half four
years or so together
number three years together we'll talk
about why I'm Coughlin er he is so cute
she just loves just sitting sometimes
I'll think that she's asleep you know
but she's actually just looking around
her it's really cute she's such a
Content baby to be on her own like
apparently I was like that and then my I
don't know how you are like as a baby
but my mom said that I was very
independent but then my sister Emma she
was like a really clingy baby huh and
it's just funny because it just it
depends you know you get more
independent or codependent babies
depending on whatever I don't know so
maybe our next baby is gonna be like
pretty codependent and just wanted to be
around also
the time and not want to be put down
gotta happened there well you got one
good one
I'm glad though you know if our next
child right he's like a super fussy baby
yeah
are you mad we had the first time yeah
we got this because I feel like how I am
what I have you Parenthood now then how
I do you parenthood like three months
ago Armenia she thought was true I think
he's Kenny we don't give you a like June
or the things and you go back and you
watch your faces alter whatever you are
talking about compared to what you know
now it's like can't even compare no
since having a baby
I can't watch things on TV that are like
sad or bad about like babies and kids I
get really upset and he never used to be
like that I was only like that about
animals because I could relate because I
loved animals and I had animals you know
and now I thought I have a baby of my
own I'm like oh my god I could hate it I
hate seeing babies like upset crying or
watching that show last night remember
in the parents were shot in front of
their toddler oh yeah and the baby's
just crying upstairs and I started
crying because I just got so upset like
and that never used to get usual for it
yeah it's like I might have stolen has
been changed I feel like if you'd have
an inner end did like my dating friends
reference is you have you didn't see
friends right
I am TV's parents what they did is that
on all TV shows you don't weigh like a
show is like really really kind of like
good and everything's happy yeah and
something really bad happens yeah what
they were like in the movie or the show
oh yeah yeah that's the end of that now
I actually did see that episode yeah
yeah you know the like yeah I am
blanking so you're like three minutes
long yeah you know it's like there's no
lesson there's no sad part that's just
fine
she and Bianca are in bed together
what's going on here now I've just I got
sandbagged by be mad I love this it's
really great I got the same bed
are there with me ma just like you
today stayed in bed all day with Amelia
same thing no way to to him yeah
and Cena's grooming her you know she's
like licking her yeah I don't know okay
we need to invest in a bottle opener see
you know for future reference cheese
knives are not the ideal object for
opening bottles of beer
Oh as a wedding present yeah but okay
from if you see it has a little thing I
know I'm kind it rep you know it kind of
sounds like it's a thing you know but
yeah and I actually oh my god you took
that the rhubarb ones for yours and
those ones are mine and you broke one
you have stacks of them I am eating them
I just don't eat like a horse like you
now what is this butter doing here you
see I had organized this fridge and it's
actually used to a kind of organ don't
know what that's doing there that
shouldn't mean cling film anyways I need
to drink some water before I die of
thirst just in case you didn't know this
is what a commercial break looks like in
Ireland we don't have commercial breaks
it just tells you just the commercial
break happening this is the or to you
player I don't know why it doesn't just
play the ads but it just always says
commercial break exactly you mean eeeh
I'm waiting for love hate to air come on
you guys watch love hate holy crap best
show in Ireland right now we already
found it out like about a week or so ago
and we just watched like the first two
seasons and then I got think I'm caught
up now and I'm like no happy awesome
show if you don't watch it and you're in
Ireland
you should totally watch it it's epic
we're waiting for it now to come on as
soon as this commercial break
finishes speaking of commercial break
well the air drop hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
