are you playing you playing the trumpet
oh god this what's going on in here
hi Amelia was a homo and you dressed
like daddy my crib huh check it
she looks so cute she's wearing this gap
hoodie with little ears on it I came
from a subscriber from London from
London your mommy and daddy used to live
in London it's so cute and then her dad
is wearing a hoodie - so she's matching
buddy come on hurry up to be the Hardys
yeah
d-money the hoodie gang you gotta leave
a comment if you have a hoodie so last
night last night we tried putting Amelia
in the co-sleeper and it lasted like 15
minutes when I was building it you were
looking at me you're like no I was like
no no no I don't like it anymore so it
lasted like 15 minutes and then she
stopped for this because it's just so
much easier as well with the
breastfeeding plus I really missed her
when she was in the co-sleeper I felt so
bad but we got I think we're gonna try
again tonight like maybe we'll try like
short little bursts or something that
I'm not ready for nap time yet in a
separate room that's like whoa we need
to get monitors she has not time insane
you know no we need to get baby monitors
so then I'll feel more comfortable what
hi you're just so cute oh no could you
just hire a person to be your baby
monitor no you go hire a person sit in
your room if not your baby
leave the blog with her but they know
what am i know until afterward my chair
was a person like it was a job someone
could go in sit in the room and sit
there and monitor baby didn't call you
yeah no no okay yeah I know oh she looks
so like you do you look like it oh geez
pretty best if you look like your mom no
no no she's so cute
whatever our little boy Dan would look
like you I don't care I think she's so
cute oh hello Bert okay so we're gonna
give doggie Sarah medicine now cause
this is the last dose I think
where do I put it I think it's in here
yeah okay so yeah once daily in food and
then that's all their weights look at
tio he's like almost five kilos
and then newbies is the latest Bianca
second latest in advanced kind of fat -
takes the drugs we like some evil spy is
like going to like murder someone or
something we were watching hunted last
night you know the guy that stabs him in
the eyes
it's a BBC show so now Bianca huh
getting your drugs getting your fix huh
he had a treat first open up open your
mouth open up come on Bianca like she
just likes to treat like hey eat your
treat good girl she's still eating
that's the milk for your cookie that
everyone was actually the easiest yeah
yeah boy your job you don't show us your
new do jofi Oh like it yeah
you were completely backless oh no
that's really nice it might be anything
yeah do you look much younger
do I touch my hair okay ours to do now
everyone routine and everything we're a
morning ready yeah no yeah but I did use
that stuff that amazing really and this
is what my hair was like years ago it's
really nice yeah you look like yours
younger yeah yeah no pretty cool in
college guy doesn't he look so hot but
my hubby
hello hello you want to get on my house
you want to go to Alma's house yeah
gonna go babysit in you probably go
though no no you gotta dropped about
what we're gonna drop we're gonna bring
the dogs back to the vets and it takes
five minutes they're just gonna do a
quick check make sure everyone is a-okay
but we taught it would be a lot easier
if we didn't have Amelie out with us
Jimmy Jimmy
Jesus Jimmy Nia you're jumpy jokes
Mia don't be jokes I mean he's cute
all right let's get the party started I
need you Saturday night mm-hmm
see now they know what a bet is before I
know like Oh hmm it's okay guys
you're not here for anything scary just
a quick checkup
that's all that's all quick check on the
table quick checkup hmm oh you poor
little things I don't understand
mmm-hmm it's so gloomy today
I hate when it's like this because the
weather is so depressing and then I feel
like when I wake up in the morning and I
see you know I open the curtains and
it's sunny I feel like it's gonna be a
really good day but then when you wake
up and it's just grass you just feel
like
I'm so depressed you know like it's so
sad but it really does have an effect on
your mood our people in California are
just happy all the time yeah I I have a
feeling that they are either probably
not that's probably a total like
opposite there is a place in Alaska
right now correct me if I'm wrong here
folks there's a place in Alaska where
it's like I think it's like sunny for
like six months in a year there's three
months or there's a time period where it
never gets dark yeah
isn't that the angel and when Ruth my
sister was in the Antarctic she told me
that like prevent six months the Sun
didn't come up but everybody did come
over they couldn't sail it was just
darkness did you all will be worth
living in darkness or living in constant
light you're late yeah but they make it
aren't you kind of get some sleep and
stuff you just get blinds
I don't know my mom used to say when I
was younger and I was like I didn't
think California is amazing cuz all the
TV shows were in California now she was
like she was like no I wouldn't like to
live there because I would miss the
seasons and I never really knew what she
meant when I was younger so I was like
no I want it to be sunny all the time
but now I I can understand and actually
a lot of people that live it's not just
California it's like a lot of different
places that don't really have seasons
like that yeah I know that just from
from doing YouTube videos like people
that have left comments and stuff
especially on like fashion videos
they've been like you're so lucky you
can wear like boots and scarves and
stuff like I wish it would get like more
what state does have that sort of Irish
where you know that kind of like cold in
the winter snows that winter spring is
ringing somewhere somewhere autumn
autumn what yeah but he's from New York
but that's not Ireland doesn't even
plate that Ireland just like and pray
all the time it's very like - just two
seasons I mean yeah the leaves do turn
nice colors and stuff but then if it
rains it's just so great here I think
it's our like every single day is the
four seasons not you mean every day like
there was a bit of sunny for today bit
of rain bit of snow
bit of cold bit of spring you know like
it's like the day is so changeable sorry
I'm so bored oh she's yawning I've got
tears my eye oh no Jackie go are you
getting lunch here yeah I suppose so
what do you know for lunch what you guys
want for lunch let me know in the
comments below
this is redonkulous you've been around
the entire place and there's only like
head of like the entire Mountain point
super-marv shopping center just want
like five or six baby ones now look at
this baby one huh okay doesn't look like
your baby huh so Oh
just can you see either you all ran for
a while and you just get frustrated and
you just get annoyed and then you end up
just abandoning your car in the taxi
rank we're trying here all right I'm
gonna call this parking spot I'm not
really sure if it is the parking spot or
not I'm gonna call her parking spot all
right I've got media he's fighting me
he's playing them meeting me a little
little gap in their shopping it's good
it's a cool look it's like a giant rain
there you should totally go in my front
garden
I don't think it would stand out at all
- second time here huh
- second time here
my favorite chicken you're gonna get the
usual are you gonna try something new I
wouldn't try something new if I were you
I would just get something he's always
good that's my plan
brilliant context is like a kids party
just over there
mystic party we're essentially off the
party you enjoying your first party so I
just realized something that every
single mommy everything tonight knows I
have sat on that side of the table and
never side this side of the table is
gonna move what I was ordering so weird
trimmer noticing you do that you'll
always sit on the win side and some
someone who do all restaurants we go to
who I always sit on whenever the outside
is that it's crazy
our whole relationship is change the
dynamics of our life is just changed
there we go that's all you want isn't it
he's gonna be able to see huh I think
what's on my butterfly chicken how is it
my salad that it's a Lada this a bit of
back
don't you know who wants a little left
and none of those change you place the
bomb here and you put two things on
either side put this down a little
pushing no it's getting you changed your
little thing over your head sorry about
that
look at this not be dispenser but it
doesn't specify like what size or
anything it's just nappy how much even
know like nappies go from like zero to
like five heroes give me a euro we
should check it out let's go quickly
just so cold
seriously I think there's gonna be snow
you yeah definitely like this is
definitely although I saw on auntie news
I follow her on Twitter and they tweeted
a picture of their near Killiney dart
station had loads of snow can anybody
confirm these accounts we shouldn't have
moved from doggy knees he still lives in
talking you might have smoked you
remember the snow de air we were in
Turkey yeah and you fell with the
puppies is that Alby I was scary are you
trying to go back further he's here in
your mirror
before you get heated seats my bum is
ready toasty how's your conscience but I
feel really fine
I feel like if she weren't crying you
wanted to happen look like they were
moving no it's red lights I know maybe
they'll change maybe I'll change my Jay
Jay I need to make another baby so that
she can have a friend that's what we did
a B and C night you know what happens
they have babies it's not gonna have
babies with her brother's there
he just chilling on the couch they just
chilling them to catch a monster's a
monsters sea monsters hey AMI mmm you
just chilling on the couch yeah gonna
fall over
what's up what's the craic tell us about
your day what you been up to that stuff
into any trouble have you been in any
trouble tell us now don't be going to
mean Ellen Pompeo hitting team in hell
what are you gonna my finger and you're
gonna deal with that
what are you gonna do with that you
gonna break it
are you gonna break it enough yeah like
oh you're so cute yeah you playin you
playin the trouble oh goodness what's
going on here you're just so cute all
right you're just so cute
whooping gum stars
how did I end up here huh what's going
on huh I end up over here so you guys
want anything
can I interest you in some tasty
McDonald's or would you prefer to go
home
make a salad day so I'm just tired you
know that's what happen sometimes
I'd have to wait but look what I did get
look my thumb's didn't use like Santa
Claus hats there for some charity so I
was like oh well what support thank you
for buying an aid from a thumb house or
something that but I look a pack of 12
for six years of two packs for 1000
should have done that hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
