alright dinner's ready just going to
bring the baby in ah we're gonna put the
mascarpone
rise and shine dr. Freeman rise and
shine leave comment if you know what
that reference is from hello Gordon
Freeman you're so cute
yes so cute you ready for today you
ready for the day you sure huh yeah yeah
you are you're so cute
get those little faces make those little
faces huh yeah make those little faces
Oh
mm-hmm you know you're the cutest baby
in the world don't you know that don't
you know that baby all right what you
talking you have on the morning
conversation whoo love the print love
the print you have chosen to wear today
huh did you choose that specifically to
smell this morning the smell this
morning did you did you Oh stretch it
out stretch it out huh
stretch your head okay you ready you
ready for a nappy change let's go oh
it's funny cuz to me it feels like this
is like st. Stephen's Day or something
you know like we had like a huge like
family dinner
Christmas party last night you know and
then you woke up and it's like it's like
is it Steven
day as everywhere as everyone and so why
is everyone air today it's like and then
it's just Friday and art I'd like for
everyone else yesterday was just
tourists and today it's just Friday and
nothing went on
nothing happened money although it would
be funny in years to come with Harlan
ever adopts the Black Friday sale thing
give me comments on you guys and
participated in the Black Friday rice
awesome i helping composer doing that
before ever like 5 a.m. and stuff to go
out and like get in mind like is it down
much is it down much of a say thing and
stuff like this - stuff like pretty
kickin yeah I could have given away free
stuff would want to be like for me to
get up and to go into say like you want
to be like 90% off enough for me to
really want to do it because I know I'm
like in New Year's Day in Ireland I mean
like Cleary's and Arnott's and all the
ones in town they do big sales but they
do like 50% off so like 50% off
I know it's like quite a lot you're
getting something half-price but I
wouldn't want it to ruin my New Year's
Eve night you know that's how I feel
about it
again with the beautiful surroundings
look the horizon the way the Sun is like
beaming in and everything
I love that I don't know I just think
it's really pretty
I think this but it's always right here
when you come down the hill coming up
towards the Kinsale Randleman you're
like it's so pretty and maybe that is
sorry about the crazy lady anemia is so
cute today she's wearing her leopard
print
onesie I keep meaning to say onesie but
we call them baby grows in Ireland but
Americans call them onesies and then I
watched a lot of American people on
YouTube and they always say onesie so
I'm like anyways she's wearing her
leopard print onesie and this is from a
subscriber called Kristen actually and
then she sent it when I was pregnant and
now she's finally wearing it isn't that
so weird and she's wearing her little
leopard print hat this is from the
pumpkin patch and the onesie or the baby
grows is from Carter's oh you're not
very happy because this is avert her eye
she hates when this when her hats go
over her eyes it like pisses her off oh
my goodness I love this song
this is like my favorite song right now
Mumford and Sons are amazing it comments
if you agree the Christmas trees up on
Patrick Street whoo probably not good
it's like it's only got a couple of
lights on it I kind of was expecting
something more better than it is better
here on we saw that is so pretty
I'm sorry I keep stopping a pretty
things I'm like look at that it's like
an oil painting oh my goodness
that's the courthouse over there are
they
okay Penhall Harrenhal and for Leslie
Knope works so we're in a new place
restaurant II yeah I did her face was
more wasn't his restaurant II I looked
at view I do window Wow
nice view whoo hey Kara way we're gonna
leave you asleep that we're gonna hope
she stays asleep
we're like the viewers here okay well
hello
I see we have woken up I see we have
woken up me Shay don't go back asleep
you'd be pretty cool of him oh thank you
so much good
go back to sleep it's official run a
date if there's a candle we're on a date
we're on our first date hi yeah I would
have one time but then like casually
made a mess done so I don't see much
restaurants an ordered an Italian
buongiorno my wife oh oh
Ensenada no instead I heard in salon
addresses like I guess it's a happy
right now I know what he needs when
someone else in the European language I
know where I'm talking in the every
language Carly English in a European
yeah yeah well you know what someone's
like mom did you see at the bottom
little weird help she looks so cute I
think she really likes just looking
around she's very like stimulated yeah
I'll see it her sir are like
professionals aren't we at the public
changing we're so good at this so
mommy's outside having our lovely
chicken Caesar sighs Unruh she knows she
got some service out of than what it was
we are sitting in here interchanging
although the only reason I ever came
hanukkah's here in Douglas wants for the
chicken Caesar salad so there's a lot
riding it's a lot riding on this all
right let's get you changed all right
looks good this day's good
what do you think is it as good as
amicus
you having a fun time you have a look
one time huh if the hang of bringing her
to restaurants she is so good like free
brass box
obviously people are going
quite a little bit and then you fed her
and I changed her Renee she's content
but not even here she's playing in the
car will we hear dropping what
oh my god all right ease there's a dog
hiding somewhere
is it topic okay see you huh I see you
where are you huh
where are you what are you doing what
are you doing in there
come on come on oh no they're all
soaring confused it's okay
I think she just wanted to go bury a
hole and hide in it but they're okay
what are you bringing with you nope
come on newbies inside no no Mia Theo
Oh God didn't know I think the
painkillers have all kicked in they all
seemed a park here Oh Theodore okay let
them self over come on Abby hey Olli
okay
is it is it a boys club hi there hey hi
there little person you have no nose now
hi hey I need to go and get your bibs
Evie
so when you got off in the restaurant
yeah I followed you you know like yours
you're kind of talking to her yeah you
just got open you went to the bathroom I
think
why check to see oh yeah I know she like
watched you and you watch you go away
no she actually like you watching dad
you're watching teenies sister Cena
Christina even on sister Sita father
I'll be brother tio and sisters Anita
what are you doing what are you doing
huh you looking at me where's Amelia is
Amelia oh she's looking Albie oh I get
you to you huh look at you two
he's so cute Oh chewing up the hands so
we were at a water wives and you know
what just happens we just got another
stockpile of water wives oh my god and
say they send us another like huge pile
of them and they're like the big box
enema
thank you so much then why are wavy has
never had an idea rock yeah cuz the
water wipes are amazing and they sent me
links actually for like us viewers if
they want to get some already can ship
them so I think you get them on Amazon
and there's another link as well but the
company is derma h2o but they're so good
they're so well you don't get 99% water
1% fruit can I get paid to say this to
you guys but these years we are good
right let's get rid of look at that it's
like an entire half of the bird left
don't we mill that side so I'm going to
remove all of the turkey in here so we
can make some sandwiches and I'm
thinking about making like a pasta
dinner or something that let me just
remove the meat from the bed all of nice
turkey meat and this thrown do you want
this do you guys want this like give
this to you you wish you wish little
doggies oh my god you know what I did
when I was cooking I made such a mistake
oh I didn't even notice this okay
it's the neck and the head what what is
that doing in there I don't know maybe
so maybe I don't know leave me a comment
if you'd like to eat the neck in the
head but it was just when I opened up
the carcass thing I was looking inside
gore like why is it random bone in the
middle and I took it out and I was like
that's the neck in the head I was like
so I gotta remember that for Christmas
so here's the lovely meat meat and then
let's see we can whip up with this right
fry up some turkey take your fry that's
ready for the pastor so City right and
is Jack this bad boy in which is there
that's probably too much yummy yummy
this is nearly dawn this is nearly done
this is pretty cool look what I did
there are leftovers and they're still uh
there's still some left over boy huh
it's clean Philemon ER but that's more
for the sandwiches tomorrow because I
was I was gonna try and pick up a
sandwich maker today but I'm sadly it
did not happen because I remember when I
was younger or not even younger just a
couple years back when I have a sandwich
maker see little thing where you put the
bread to stuff the bread and you close
it you bring a bit of cheese or
something the moist maker is the cheese
huh another friends reference so I
remember I used to always do that I was
like a funnest thing after Christmas
writing like that it was like when it
was going to turkey and chicken and ham
and stuffing and you know you could just
like made these like massive big
sandwiches yeah well that's what I
wanted to today but we actually get the
sandwich maker so I made this instead
but we have some supplies
all right there ally can I help you with
something as you can tell they all got
some but I'll be is a greedy a greedy
good music me digas who's the greedyguts
dance dance and you may get some dance
dance dance Cena knows dance dance dance
dance dance dance ho ho she's a dancer
you just like your dad right on you can
have some off of the stuff that I don't
like all right I need I need a bit for
all three you hold on and we are done
why do we reckon huh is that like
scrumptious huh is that excreme' Sh
I believe that looks very scrumptious
also look we got I know you guys saw
this yesterday this is the Cheesecake
mmm is a pumpkin cheesecake YUM
look at the layers of baked pumpkin
cheesecake Oh yummy alright dinner's
ready just kind of ring the baby in we
got to put the mascarpone
I'm just kidding witches it's not a real
hi there hi there Wow hey Derek hi there
are you doing are you doing huh are you
doing are you doing snellville always
though oh I get it always hated you
shall excited so Q you know that
you so cute you know that - little kiss
give it a kiss mmm and little kissing
your nose ha ha hey Luke is it uh oh
you get a little kisses T making those
kisses I think unison all those kisses
in the world oh oh you want a little
nose kiss do you want a little nose kiss
cuz I'll give you a little nose kiss oh
boy well I kiss your nose occasional
some hmm yeah dinner are you the boss
you the boss around here that's what I
heard
we don't actually have a bottle opener
the have to Ethan I get it open
he usually kind of kind of works I got
it open hiding it this is not a paid
product placement dinner dinner dinner
dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner
Batman thank you welcome and I don't
know just
II didn't find out how is it has the
pasta how did the Irishman make the
pasta is it good yeah you did it really
well yeah nice whoo
dear that Amelia daddy knows how to make
pasta ha - yes job did he come through
the last time Billy so I noticed
somebody in the comments actually um
recognized and this album which is
really funny
um yeah like I play a lot of music and
stuff but I never am I never show you
know are
show or listen or something whatever to
the music because obviously for
copyright reasons you guys never hear
any of the music that we ever play but
it's cause I was really funny that
during that I obviously for a little bit
and I forgot that that was on and I
recorded and it was in fact Herbie and I
thought like no it's got a big over
that's why can it go that's a Nike
picked up on that so I just did all the
cleanup and stuff
oh my god I'm pooped right there you
ready for ready boys huh
take a little bit can go for a little
shower yeah shower all right daddy
you're looking forward to that yeah hmm
you are what was that what was that
sound okay these two little munchers
over there hmm
think it goes too little munches over
there Joris let's say here late night
you wanna say night night everybody
night night guys see you tomorrow
hi hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
