right this is not working this this
thing here is like what the hell that's
supposed to be my basting sauce no
taking a little bit of poop on the
turkey someone put on my turkey
it's Thanksgiving even know what that is
to be honest I don't really know what it
is either
I think it's giving thanks to the
harvest is that what it is it's like the
end of the like farming year because
it's coming to winter now so is it like
everything that you've collected from
the farm like yeah I can get turkey and
corn and wheat and like all the things
that you farm is it and then you have it
all stored away so you're giving tanks
to such a great year it's not what it is
it's the harvest I don't know I might be
wrong I might be wrong I'm not an
American
okay I tell you I'll tell you the
history of st. Patrick he punished the
snakes from Ireland
okay guys huh
see look this is me I put in yesterday
see isn't it kind of cool so we're in an
accident rain Tina dogs can't fly
forward so we're bringing the puppies to
get neutered and spayed because I think
isn't it for girls it's spayed and for
boys it's neutered or something so
technically the majority are getting
spayed one is getting neutered and Joe
got what
we don'twe I'm going to the groomers oh
my brain does default and who's going to
do right because I didn't even notice I
turn up the deer doesn't like I hate
what we had this plan of like ones who
dropped the puppies off and take out me
and seeing that to the old late walk you
know this is like nobody got to we'll
bring them down there but uh
this is not good but on the plus side
they are enjoying the heated seats what
do you guys think I you guys
why is my bum so warm that's what he's
probably thinking because my yeah yeah
my poem is like super toasty right now
like he can i toasty Bond movie oh yeah
what heat the boot ha ha
good dogs you all cozy back there Oreo
is behind there huh looks like at
newbies Louie Miffy
there's a perfectly good room just over
there you should go in that door oh hi
Mickey this is wondering in your name
yeah you know this is way better than
your beds isn't it we're all negotiating
what we're cooking I'm taking a turkey
in his insides almost in the corn
no she's doing what's faith corn is that
not the same as normal corn is that like
man knows corn yeah you had before you
liked it though so that's another thing
she's doing oh the cheese cake yeah it's
your first Thanksgiving huh what do you
thankful for
I'm thankful for the boots I'm thankful
for did not be changes do you think
she'll be okay no Amelia went for like
20 minutes if you last that on it's like
washing it there you're a brave soul up
in the dogs in the rain look how quiet
it isn't house hello
where's the coffees please let's Bianca
no no no walkies we're gonna brave the
outdoors uh-oh where's the leads
oh no well I'll be the bee doesn't
really like run around at all so
think it'll be okay you know pretty cute
down that hat I know I know I have one
too I'm gonna be packing tonight then
yeah you just got a call from the vet
everybody is super okay all four of them
it's okay Nene's you can stop crying oh
goodness when I first saw he was ringing
I have that I have their number sage
your honor thank God oh my god
cuz it's so quick but you kind of forget
you're like oh my god hello you know
it's just like Oh everyone's fine you
also got em it's newbies named Esther
hernia she's not hernia - I remember
that like a little ball that she had I
forgot to him this morning but obviously
he remembered and he took that air yeah
about that yeah yeah yeah
it's gonna where'd she isn't gonna know
the ball anymore she got her balls taken
out hopefully I didn't mixed up and take
like Theo's ovaries out and Bianca's
balls or something
okay lemon so plan is we're gonna put
lemons inside the carcass with garlic
now right garlic and lemon doesn't that
sound good oh I need an onion you get an
onion - Oh onions red onions
- three packs
Tupac Shakur look at the signs that up
today though as a baked potato
I need to two pounds of it that's 800
grams so yeah to around 1600 grams so
that'll do I think you sure you know one
norm Plato as well
what about the little Irish boy I'm
gonna get this because it's a turkey and
I have to I wouldn't even think about
gravy meaning mini-marshmallows here no
unless it's in with their like sweets
kind of section like this should be a
baking one
she wanna Canada's finest makeup setup
or golden syrup or original makeup snow
up here this one we get Canadian one I
definitely feel like I need to buy
pudding or something you know cuz to me
it's like it's like Christmas you feel
like you're making Christmas dinner or
something that like Jerry time I ever
have Turkey really okay well like turkey
on a bird is like Christmas so we're
amazing cleanser and the corn stuff what
are we going with a alternative or do we
gonna do Oh instead of corn corn no but
my mom has
to swing by we'll go to a shop mama it's
a good store free parking I usually get
one to use every Christmas as well big
box of the tastiest beer in the entire
world and as soon as this is like mini
Christmas I think I should have and get
myself some tasty Heineman again so we
needed like a quarter of a pint outsider
so we've come with this one xenoverse
drink cider so I don't know much about
it yeah I never think
it was actually a deal on these it's to
4:30 or 1 for 20 so 2 fraternity makes a
lot more sense ok this is heavy what is
it what does it look like
geez Louise all right
it started off loading no no no we got
it look rainbow natural polenta cool
let's do this
here's the Spragg guys here's the turkey
oh my god it's bleeding
oh and beer Zio's and the food and a
turkey and everything and sorting a one
can of cider and a syrup let's go let's
do this alright so this is all we have
to work with on Thanksgiving we have one
pot and one frying pan ok a microwave
and two ovens but that's it they were
our own the birthday is like making the
you know the basting sauce thing for
turkey and I was like oh God well I use
what I make it in the frying pan all
right make it in the pot I love a good
midday pint of cider so a quarter of
crappers pint
Oh points a half a point
what where's half half a point I'm gonna
call it I'm gonna call that a quarter of
a pint five tablespoons of Canadians
finest maple syrup
I the lemon is ground and that's the
time so if you have time to do the lemon
I'm gonna mix that into this here it's
almost done I think looks pretty good
smells amazing the syrup on the apples
or Yum Goong for fresh parsley all right
definitely ready let's add in everything
else because I do not like butter butter
we do not get along very well we're
going to use olive oil instead I'm just
gonna use the whisk okay we're moving on
it's the emotional part of the cooking
it's called the onion chopping so I am
putting in limo and in a new home inside
the turkey up they take it Bamba many
new people no I would not like end up in
an MMO boom bah boo boo boo bah bah PIPA
stuff I just mean it's kind of gone all
hard and stuff so you sure that supposed
to work I think chewing gum seriously
look is that right right this is not
working this this thing here is like
what the hell that's supposed to be my
basting sauce right what that I are you
wrong huh look it's like
the pen everything was fine until I had
a stupid oil that was your idea looks
like note-taking there's a little bits
of poop on the turkey someone put on my
turkey all right let's start this over
again so poor in this awareness one now
we're using my utter pot because you
don't roomed so on the way down to one
frying pan I think that's it this is
just rude I don't know but this is like
look it's like room forever what else
that I put in
oh yeah the syrup I got to grind up more
lemons it is a quarter past two oh jeez
oh jeez all right this is where I think
I went wrong last time is that I mixed
in the stuff and everything over the
heat because this rock solid I tweeted a
picture we were like is it sun-dried
tomatoes it does no excellent red
tomatoes and olive oil which you would
be nice but no no and we are very fastly
running out of time take this thing out
of a box in order to make something oh
my goodness oh come out
utensils ooh fancy pants
all right maple here open the cider is
in here I'm going to add in these
thingies so we'll pop all that stuff in
there and six ounces of butter it's just
ink you just pop it in here yep best it
at the paper I think oh just stuff that
in my coffee I'll be great and that's it
just pour this on now I was just like
just how do I make the pointer
oh so I'm just sitting here eating my
what is this Indian Dowell veg pot and
javis is basting the turkey with his
hands this looks better now yeah I know
it looks it looks like proper you look
like a real chef there boys y'all and
you're getting all down and dirty with
your hands tuna gonna gonna work it goes
your day sir yeah I'm gonna work out
those rough spots and then finally I'm
going to stick it there I'm also you see
these leftover lemons I'm just gonna
jack them in here on either side you
know what do any harm like but uh there
she goes
yeah you ready you ready to make history
my friend my first time I'm excited so I
didn't even come Wimpy's get the puppies
cause I figured that the turkeys on
and he opens up a Seon so if I don't
wanted to come with me I would have to
bring Amelia Ali and Sina and Havana
doesn't come she can stay where
everybody else so it makes more sense
that she stays behind with everybody
else and I will go pick them up I'm so
excited to see them
the poor little thing so you know what
it's like after surgery like em they're
gonna be just all like doped up and sort
of like confused what's going on right
for another snuffleupagus jump of love
kisses all right what a rainstorm
a rainstorm on Thanksgiving wait suppose
it's not Thanksgiving in Ireland so it's
allowed but oh my goodness what a pretty
rainstorm look at the way the clouds are
the ends of the trees and still add and
the rain off and let's say I move
I feel really sorry for them because
they've never had a big traumatic event
in their lives I think most dogs have a
very traumatic event well not very
traumatic but they go through like their
first big event rather quite a young age
when they're adopted or sold or whatever
and like Alby went through it and see no
into it but the puppies have never been
adopted or sold or anything like they've
never been when at their mom and dad and
that is really cool I think it's really
cool that those four puppies like grew
up like you know and they have their mom
or their dad and their brothers and
sisters you know and it is a hell of a
lot of work looking after sick dogs but
you got those times you know where
there's so much they're so deadly you
know there brings doing so much
happiness their little personalities and
I know they're really happy and I know
we can give them a really good life and
we do give them a good life you know and
she said into the vet you know I was
like on a okay
poor little guys cuz they've never been
through anything like this you know they
didn't know if we were coming back or
not they weren't at all like this is it
like it's it's over you know we're now
going to live in these cages and it's
like scary bad place but all these other
dogs you know it's when I get them home
and get some cuddles there's gonna be
some serious cuddling going on hey guys
how's everyone doin huh for homeo or
home I'm gonna go get mom okay so she
can give you guys a hand have a look now
so 20.per oh yeah well that's pretty
darn good
yummy yummy all right let's turn it
around okay it's Bianca's little one mmm
that's the quietest you've ever been
Bianca poor little thing huh get your
pain meds
look at these two what's going on did
you ever play with me huh you smell that
Alby
hey hey I'll be careful
poor little newbies has two parts
because you're not a little
anything that she has they add they
sorted that out but she has like two
incision marks oh boy and she's the
smallest oh he's out there oh poor
little things isn't that really cool
it's like I know what that is
it's like a big purple mark in this guy
that's operating so we have the sweet
potato the corn bread and the turkey
almost everything's done and is lighting
I mean are you recreating the proposal
video that's what it seems like I mean
it's just swinging about you having a
good swing swing and all the puppies are
right here poor little things look
they're all just like frozen oh good
girl good girl go peepees oh they're so
sad okay I have to make my gravy in this
it's like giant pot you're making like
300 mils of gravy and it's like huge pot
oh yeah that's not metallic yeah I think
it's I think it's time to crack open the
wine when I say wine I mean man's wine
here we go
here we are this is the bird what do we
think hmm mark set at 10 leave your mark
set at 10 below Murray sure hats um do
you guys remember in the national on
Putin's Christmas vacation when Clark
puts out the turkey and they do the
whole like oh nana lanthum thing and
everything that he's like play balls and
then he goes to cut it and hold you just
like explodes what if that happens right
now okay it's garbage here oh jofi jofi
jofi huh look at that perfection I was
worried is going to be all pink and
bloody well done
huh well done Joe fee where is he hey
co-op here and accept your prize
hi Amelia Happy Thanksgiving you million
for the first time and you're like he's
got anything
Oh my limit that was like such a feast
of a dinner a feast feast I'm broken
I am broken stiff comments and tell me
what you're thankful for I'm tangled my
beautiful wife my beautiful baby my
beautiful self
my beautiful iPhone my beautiful dogs
yeah why you have a mother-in-law a
beautiful sister-in-law Albion Sina and
they add newbies Theo Emma she's in that
group so yeah I hope you guys had a good
Thanksgiving you Clark you probably
watching as good as mine
that's understandable see you later hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
