you've gotta take out the stuff that
smell like a bag of stuff in here
oh goodness there it is what the hell
are giblets
thank for watching my mama that you
really appreciated I know you will come
here to see me oh good did you know
you're so cute
you have no idea of your cuteness hmm
this could rule the world
mm-hmm Lord you know Theo's like em you
know Ross and Carol Kelly today I was
thinking Theo ROG Josh little bean guys
he's not like that he's gonna go he's
gonna get the black rock he's gonna play
rugger he's not he's good anyways no
it's not he's cute and he's like hi dad
give me some boys dad you know and you
guys watch our fresh meat you don't a
rich guy from fresh meat yeah that's an
English accent yeah that's like all
right that's like I'll be actually house
I think about because he's know I'm
using sorry I'll be isn't like that so
you're gonna try it this contraption
being a while
did you hear somebody though one two
three four five six no seven babies it
yep whoo trap they don't like it
break out the gloves triple pack I don't
need these ones they're bit heavy-duty
they're like gardening ones these are
like if you need to actually use your
hands for gripping and like water and
stuff like the picture illustrates I
think about great I would say I was
outside a minute ago I tested it it
works really really really good on grass
and we really really bad and unlike
we ran attacks but it scrapes in the
concrete it sticks to it and kind of
flicks it in your face and you can put
in your face
joking into another back it must be bad
out there usually we try and do the poop
well he does it because it is kind of
gross I feel it's a man's job because I
don't want the cleaning inside but
usually we do it once a week but um we
skipped a week because it was pouring
rain we couldn't do hey yo this is my
favorite job ever
I know watch this thing on because it
will just go more if I leave it on
probably best to keep the tool cleaner
clean you're crazy
it was gone crazy are we laughing at do
we laughter that hmm just love watching
Mike the vlog ADIZ we're having a little
bit of a laugh here whoa click inception
vlog ception
blogging the vlog so from yesterday this
is from my box so I'm working or trying
to get the iPhone and iPad app the end
last time I tried to do it I try to do
without using a Mac by using an emulator
which is a lot more difficult for the
simulation and stuff so uh now I'm using
this program which is Xcode which is a
it's free to use from the Apple
development if you join Apple
Development Program and Amelia is
helping me here but apparently she seems
to be falling asleep yeah you falling
asleep it's not as exciting is here but
this time we're gonna do a real deal so
have this in all night long oh it's
definitely I'm defrosted good but I
think it's still frozen the inside and
the underneath so I'm like should I
leave it out of the fridge maybe for
know or what am I putting in like a big
basin of hot water and so
defrost it that way that work this is
probably the only thing and it is big
enough to use is an I mean is back
because nothing else is really big
enough to hold
okay next problem
I am actually unable to lift the bat
full of water now geez
like what if I accidentally drop it on
the stairs and the whole thing is like
fine litres of water
want me to bring the turkey up here or
we're just trying to get it into the
back of the can leave it here in the
shower obviously so far my thirst my
first turkey turkey roast is a-- is
problematic do it there you ready you
ready really i mean in their loads what
she's been in there tons of time oh when
you were gone
oh all the things that happened when
daddy's not around no okay I'm gonna
flip it over which means I originally
made it oh yeah cuz realistically if you
come into the room you don't have nap
time we should just attach the camera
here you do need to get baby monitors
it's a story where are they huh today
we're gonna read today guys check party
high-five
ready boom I'm the dresser and double
high-five boom and now your computer
screens broken
work Yuki
that is that okay do you have fun hey
yank ah my take me cocky talkie you
Arturo you sound shot here we go here we
go
no time for ticky submerge it down a
little bit
oh my goodness you're so cute oh my
goodness you're so cute do you know that
you know that my little baby hmm
yeah what's going on movies you want to
get in there too hmm
your sister's a star bar she's a
starfish Revere starfish a star bar or a
starship which one are you huh you just
Starship Enterprise
are you boldly going where no man's gone
before is that your game is it yeah
you're so cute
you're so cute oh you bored am i boring
you
I have to wash my shoes after this
morning with the poopoo situation so it
didn't shrink them or something no they
look about the same size oh no oh no we
got a crying baby folks we got a crying
baby that's right I don't even for a
second to get my shoes Oh No
we're going to be forced to trying
something new knees I'm afraid of trying
something new come and cheese oh I'm
sure you know what's true though
Oh nuts
anyone asks we're number three I always
say that every time we go into them but
when I got guys I spoiled myself
Oh choppy won't be able to fit in any of
my clothes tomorrow look at it okay I
got looking at you look at you it's good
oh me classic what the calories you know
oh did they didn't even notice yes I
just I don't even lucky calories I'm
like that just lends willy-nilly if it's
not saucy in it oh it's a oh it's
pepperoni that's all right I like
pepperoni
is it how is it liked in the sly sausage
in Romania is like a solution I just
like makes a surf noise I like a little
cry amid sneak right nipple just freezes
oh god please don't please don't wake up
please get back I see bright half you I
love you when I like in your sleep -
it's like exactly what we want yesterday
except in a completely different place
is that funny it's kind of like the same
store in a different place
hey you got the phrase she's got the
phrase nananana na nananana
oh nice moves baby ah almost this is
Emily's bad where's the median what does
it mean Leah's bad yeah this is kind of
coolest yeah I'm always scared what I'm
a bunk bed baby
really Jeremy and Simon Oh bunk beds
Brittany I didn't know fart of it what
is that
where did my two sisters have
side-by-side beds and myself my brother
had bunk beds this one secure a wagon
like a wagon Oh mentals what you doing
there why they yet you don't know you
don't know that's a private club has no
parents allowed she's really hot isn't
she
I'll buy that for my room it's like a
look at her every day look at this one
oh I really like this one it's really
cool yeah use a photo of a bridge but uh
that's really cool
okay to East I think the texture and
everything on it
I really like them like an actual
acrylic paint painting not a print
oh that's large so it's a bit too
painting for me you know all right so
this is definitely for our child
pizza's hamburgers McDonald's popcorn
ice cream the brand is okay it's okay
fast food it's okay to eat fast food
oh look it's head coke as well just
leave just in case you wanted water okay
here's the fish we test for our car your
mom's over there wrapping off the
dresser it is 42 by 35 and I measured
out the capacity of our series 45 by 35
so otherwise um Millie and I are walking
home with our frame yeah good thing is
you get the park outside your front door
where I'm really kind of nervous to like
well it doesn't fit you want to see our
packing hello
what I think I can do it like that
excuse your legs in Vegas let's get this
bad boy inside excited to see what this
looks like here it's so nice
zena's I had to take the whole thing
apart I decided to put up the mesh
that's the cool thing about the car
actually comes with the mesh for it for
the dogs and then kind of coop I never
put it off and has like wow might as
well put it up now all right
I got it in mommy's bringing him under
walkies okay come on everybody
everybody inside I'll be in seeing our
ladders like she's always looking at the
neck she likes these
I gotta go check in the turkey okay
but they can't get out cuz they put the
thing here I'm going to quickly check in
the turkey are we doing there oh I must
say it is definitely a lot tender oh no
water got in oh crap here we have it
okie dokie is now we've got to take out
the stuff that's there's no like a bag
of stuff in here
oh goodness there it is so I know thank
you okay no thank you
let's meet you Oh oh my goodness all
right Turkey what the hell are giblets
don't actually ever use this because I I
have a shower every night with Amelia so
we never use the bath anymore but still
it's odd why is they give it a cleaner
juice in case that one time where I'm
not I'm not available for shower time
and Amelia gets a bath time instead
probably past to get rid of all the
turkey juice I feel like this is gonna
be one of those situations you remember
when Ross and one of us it is rough but
everyone dare move I hate her moving
Rachel or something like that
remember he was moving too so he was
like pivot pivot pivot pivot pivot all
right I cannot believe you never watch
friends that is sacrilege
doesn't matter there's no age
restrictions on friends it should be in
the curriculum in school for like
entrepot or anthropological studies of
the human nature everyone should watch
friends who's your favorite friends my
favorite was Joey and Chandler I love
the Joey and Chandler they were like my
favorite this is one thing you know what
I like this and all but I think we
should take it off you know
that's good though what do you do nice
going on there go my my trusty tools put
the thing on the wall it looks so good
isn't it
it's such a nice dress even when you
come into the room you can make such a
difference what are you hanging on
yourself it's so much nicer really makes
the space oh gee we're gonna be here a
while
well it's kind of all discolored and
stuff I suppose that's normal right hmm
yeah I guess it is everyone yeah okay
it's got my other trick this turkeys
okay oh good night Turkey okay Turkey
sure it's a lot of Turkey going on right
now
I'll be honest and charity I'm not a fan
of old el Pasto original 2gj is that it
don't like it I don't like you leave
garbage to be nude reference I don't
like it all right
peppers are not in here during the
turkey fridge hi I know I said I
wouldn't see you till tomorrow but um I
probably will now add a handful of Paris
hello
time to eat oh I hate you I hate you so
much
in fact I'm not even gonna put the water
in it cause I hate it so much that
little stir then little stir yeah no oh
he does move the oven oh oh let's go
okay put the painting up over there the
plugs that were there doesn't look
better also hooked up 5.1 surround sound
GTS system spot the speakers oh they're
sneaky they're sneaky they're Wireless
they're hidden from the hi but they
invade the ear Wow why is that sound all
right
yum yum yum are we guys are we ready are
we ready to rock and roll ready to watch
rock and roll what some enthusiasm
please rock and roll that's the best I'm
gonna get hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
haha
