Hey
good morning friends welcome to day two
of school and today Emilia is even
escalating the school situation are you
ready for this a big girl dress anyway
they gave talk about this yeah she did
actually you told us it was a special
edition you no limitations or when they
wake up play and they're not sponsoring
so I'm really lucky I got over I won and
it's a vehicle I was too much and I
think I want to say if that's what
actually joy don't know too much about
me
but I do know right it's go guys come on
in so alright kids like salmon Dale's
first organic salmon which toasted heart
button Burton
thingies and with a little bit of
Philadelphia that's what the two of them
want this morning for breakfast I had
your whole like Cloudy Bay it's a nice
tasty breakfast and the doggies are
going to have oh we got a chicken one
guys or a beef one Oh beef ones a little
frozen so I guess it's a chicken one
this morning guys
you have to check him do you want a
chicken one guys have to be careful not
to mix them up mommy likes to be a troll
in the morning I'll be
chew on this J doggie bulls are probably
in here because I don't actually eat
butter myself or any sort of like
buttery kind of jam or paste on that I
always wonder how much do you ever put
on
what are we kind of things never really
know what the allocated amount is or oh
boy kicking off the duardo eats his like
a proper boy you mean it likes to take
her as a part and eat it in different
parts what do you eat first you lick the
cream cheese off the bread so it's a
step one and we call this is the daddy
tax the little bit that's left over this
is called a pre nappy Drive
preed you're a free nappy drive was
there pre drive nappy huh the
unpredictability of bringing a baby what
mommy's going for a luncheon breakfast
in brunch in
okay so OLS he and I are heading out for
some breakfast with my friend Laura
there's a rogue nappy over there by the
way I had to change a poopy nappy this
morning and then I just like abandoned
it cuz the bins have been taken out I am
gonna put it in a bin by the way I'm not
like just no sting or anything um so
yeah we're gonna head it to I think
bills probably she's gonna freak out
when I put her in her car see she's not
gonna be happy but has to be done has to
be done make it to you her nap time as
well so she might be a big Grizzlies
well we'll see how this goes
hopefully she'll sleep when I eat all
right we're in bills I am here with Nora
you just took me to be together we got
these partage I knew there the coconut
coconut parties I think it's like their
new menu
that's sleeping my god I was so worried
because she was really good here but she
said I think this comes with pistachios
and something else
I got cappuccinos well gel we're pretty
finished please don't wake up give me
that foot did you have a nice did you
have a nice lunch e-list first did you
look at that Silesia is now on level
three guys oh my goodness
already on level threes what does that
happen anything happen why did she give
it to level three Mme t-too bigger even
grow anymore did you woke up at two
o'clock in the morning hmm
woke up 2 a.m. this morning kept us all
awake for ages and then the kids came in
already came in about 5 talking could
sleep after the first day of school
Amelia did did you kept us awake in jail
and now he was all struggled today we
were struggle
 a traffic jam way for patrolling
I am NOT there's no room there's no room
for me hi look at this Oh join an extra
loose I'll extra-long holsters extra
loose houses this is an adventure Waldo
no will be an adventure we're just we're
having we're having troubles here
what we made it there lads mmm five P
off hello mister delicious and
nutritious did were know how to fall
today in school day two and you already
broke his leg again see you come on try
again
is it a scarf
it's a lovely scarf is a lovely scarf
good boy
you did it what does I do that thing
kind of take his joke bro oh my god that
was so funny he was trying to take his
jumper off and I couldn't get over his
head and he was like he kept laughing
but he was doing that you know where it
was like here so it was like sitting on
his eyebrow so he looked like that
little like troll thing sorry what's
going on here
he's supposed to be the carrier mommy
can you love this baby water do do to do
to do baby why did he need to do
honestly what he's gonna rain all right
visit Oh remember we've talked about it
many times the welcome moments come into
our town near he done it's nearly ready
I'm very excited jacket potato one in
here we get a get a jacket potato it's
very special
vegetarian Oh mommy as the pictures you
wanna see them what you want to sit in
that seat no I look at the pictures
Mario and see picture then you're
bringing the usual school tomorrow
ready it's very exciting
it's actually a year picture
we can know we haven't already framed
that everything for next year we're
ahead of ourselves you just Nick - you
were so cute
Morrison you are so cute what happened
you go and try and find oh you want to
hold that picture when you were a baby
don't let him hold it walk around you
lose it does not look cool nor dungarees
by the way everybody I think you look
cool reminds me of bewitched I'll fight
your dad you little Irish jig there yeah
thank you mom I'll put it back in keep
it safe okay be safe mister I know you
need it for school yeah what are you
losing okay you can hold it but coming
this way
whoa a Bugatti Veyron
- no much this car cost wardo two
million quid
propaganda veyron hey that's right here
wh snitch actually this book tour is
they got our book in here outside yeah
put it in that cool it's gonna be in
like disc shop you're gonna be able to
just walk into like a real shop and buy
my book it is so cool you should do that
I recommend it
let's try and find a toy so this is
Eduardo hiding space mmm this way you'd
like to hang out this is a little
hangout spot well the spiders put on
your arms hmm what we have to go click
the media scene anyway let me just
change ready uniform because you're
gonna get a messy okay and then we'll
play outside okay but you have to come
home from school and change at a uniform
it's really important importante okay
and then we'll play outside I promise
okay
don't drag your sock off the ground stop
it you're gonna have holy socks people
call your holy Jolie hey Holy's Jolie
Saucony moly holy Foley bolli
right just connected Amelia just
connected in media from school and it
was a disaster
what's your disaster whatever look I
know what to do media let's try a water
wipe okay we will you know I'm telling
you it just looks worse than it is
sit down beside your little best friend
there and we'll go we'll have a look
okay well she's got it a class that he
was there with Eduardo and then she
didn't want to go home you wanting to
play with Sophia and your friends in the
playground for a half an hour then just
as we were getting to the car just as
we're getting to the car sure you know
I'm doing I'm getting the dirt out you
can't have a dirt were no Mimi Anna wait
do you have a stinky sock on Amelia did
you get a stinky sock in school
now look it doesn't look as bad you need
a plaster okay but did you have fun in
school yeah oh and guess what Sophia do
is call it water over and gave maja
Chava
she was like the guilt it was like all
day it's been haunting me I don't think
we did
so this morning or yesterday um one of
Amelia's friends Sofia her mom had
bought her Hatcher Mouse for her first
day back at school and then she gave one
to media as well and then there to
collect the bones and then the duardo
ruined what are you thinking -
collectibles and everywhere I'm like
it's a pun okay like the legs Oh a and
then weapons Eduardo saw one at home but
then huh today this morning we were all
going to school they'd want to ran up to
Sofia's mom I was like can I have a key
and Hachem oh please
and she was just like I don't know how
many and then you started bawling and
then everybody was just like a name
that's we his mom nobody's like oh my
god I'll get you and I was like no you
don't need to get him anything like now
he's gonna have a hundred hmm oh well
yeah we tried to see if you get them in
our mazhab we couldn't so that
everybody's little these little eggs and
you break him open the things inside but
anyway he caught him he was very very
happy mommy's getting you some cream
okay you'll be okay
