oh my goodness oh my goodness where's my
little where's my little starship
I just want to make an appointment to
get all my puppies neutered how exciting
is that it's exciting and scary huh
that's it nice we're only getting four
puppies yeah epicness actually not
intentional look at this now I'm not
staring off mm-hmm Leopard zebra zebra
and oh my god guys were coming fanatics
holy crap that's because you were
disobedient that's what happens when I
have to tell you things place and then
I've got this Snow Leopard because
you've got the difference between this
and it's all animal print I didn't even
do it on purpose I just kind of woke up
and through all these things I'm
obsessed so it's having a chat this
morning on Twitter and I was saying them
about we celebrate Thanksgiving this
year
even though Ireland Ireland does not
celebrate Thanksgiving at all right just
can i buy that not tell about anything
here although I think you know this is
what I was saying I was like wouldn't it
be cool right because you know way like
YouTube is like international as we
discovered the other day oh my goodness
you guys are like everywhere all over
the world the more celebrations you have
the better we should celebrate every
single day it's like oh my goodness
today is Tuesday happy Tuesday so leave
me comments in the comment box of your
celebrations of like I don't I don't
really mind or whatever it is like like
a national or a country I remember when
I was at when I always do my entrance
exams for secondary school I don't know
how it works in other countries but in
art and unless you have a brother or
sister in a school ahead you usually get
like legacy or whatever the word is that
allows you to go into skill but anyway I
remember doing an entrance exam and I
did over fraternity or college which is
the collar which is the second skill
ended up going to but I also did one for
this other school oh it's in like it's
in Hrothgar and kind of Navy but it's
it's like a Jewish school and I remember
well I forgot my friends were going to
school and every time we're like oh my
god it's so cool not only do you get the
Christmas like the Christian Catholic
challah
you also get the Jewish holidays off
school as well I was like oh my god best
school ever like oh my goodness extra
holidays is so cool hey little girl I
knew a girl I can really give you smiley
faces yeah oh is it ready uh is it ready
are you ready for your lights your night
turn some lunch oh my god was so cute so
inna here oh you're so cute sheena so
you know is licking Amelia's ear and it
really was like laughing away it was so
cute and then newbies got in on it and
they were having so much fun together
look Oh sisters sisters are doing it by
themselves they're so cute together
oh my god I love them so much I love
when they interact like I can't wait for
them for media to be a bit older and
then like be pulling their tails and
like jumping on them and like playing
with their dog so much now do you want
some lunch
she's hungry look at her little outfit
it's so cute this is from my mom because
my mom loves pandas so she's got panda
bear and it's in this like army green
color and then it's got this little like
ribbon their bow and then she's got her
gray pens here grey leggings and her
gray socks and her whole outfit is from
Zara the baby section doll I have to I'm
not gonna lie to unopened velocity boxes
right here okay I didn't even open them
because they're the September and
October ones and that was obviously when
I had a media I was September so I
didn't even get I haven't even opened
them yet I feel so bad and like
glossybox sends me these things for free
like to review on my blog and stuff and
on my youtube channel and like I had
been doing it obviously consistently
since
um the beginning you're so cute
he's just like she she's like it's like
she's listening to what I'm saying like
listen you really hard to what I was
saying
why anyways yeah since the beginning
like I did reviews and stuff and then
just recently I had baby so everything
just kind of went it the window and I
can't believe that there's two like on
open I haven't even opened them I
haven't even looked at what's inside and
one of them is like that special one
you know the what's a called Maggie
something Maggie Lee for glossybox so I
need to open them unlike look through
them
is mommy walking in Auggie's it's mommy
walking the Baggies good job last two oh
okay everyone come inside oh do you guys
own GTOs come on up up up up up up up up
call them call them oh my goodness oh my
goodness
where's my little where's my little
starship where are you where are you oh
my goodness she's just cranked oh she
just ate oh you should hug your baby one
of these because she's gonna be fussy if
she wakes up you changed your recently
did yeah yeah are there any explosions
okay oh I know what are these can you
get one of these for grown-ups in
trouble joy yeah you're so nice and cozy
in here oh goodness I need to know is it
a bit junk you like that
I know it's cushy but it'll be warm you
see well get a little hat see daddy's
heated seats oh she's so here
he's like a Russian a Russian super Milo
okay let's get a hat mmm one lift up up
be two little puppies for little puppies
and boom we get Alvey and Xena I'll be
in Xena to have E and Cena what are you
looking for huh the crumbs is the crumbs
ease is it comes ease I get a tea
civilized grownups Oh hold your horses
young lady
wowsers look at that sky so epic isn't
it I know it's crazy to say this but
it's like it's a really big sky you know
I know this guy is like ginormous but it
like it just looks really big today or
something look at that it's just
beautiful with the clouds below that a
color kind of seeping across it and the
negative space boy
reabsorbs I like it hmm it's beautiful
this whole room is nice it's a bit of an
odd window yeah what it means if we get
this we'd have to get the bed and
everything as well you know oh that is
nice
okay think the wood if I am fond of the
sleigh bed though you know that's why we
got up you know and then at Christmas
they can double up with like a Santa's
sleigh that's really important that is
the dress too doc that's the dresser
over there that we looked at I think
that's perfect
that's more your department it's gotta
like I don't know something bouncy
asleep right now does it pick up this
it's like this jazz chair or something
no power abrasion this is really this is
really comfortable
sure no but I don't eat good chef but
then I need a chair that I can work with
and play you know it's kind of hard to
find the exact one good
oh well this is actually like a karcher
oh it's a lazy boy too this is actually
really good
I'm not sure about the color but this is
perfect
I already like this check this is this
is what I'm talking about if you want to
fake Christmas cake this is what I want
my fake Christmas shade look like I
don't know but look at it it's amazing
I don't know if they're I don't know
it's just for decoration or if the
actual tree is for sale but if we're
getting a fake tree it has to look like
that you know otherwise and getting a
real one that is amazing I think our
ceiling might be tall enough as well
we're not saying to buy all of this
stuff just just so it looks better
I'm thinking something that says you
know newlyweds new baby six dogs this
one
there's a fridge in it it's heated it
has a massager and the fridge union is
you never have to leave it's actually
kind of coffee does it make the coffee
this is what I need two coffee maker
built into it and and I'm sold
see this carrot here right this one here
my colleague will run to move to the
side see this chain here right see that
chance for that's one of those chairs
that you buy you put in the good room
and you never sit on it you never allow
anyone to go into the good room but you
have it to look at and appreciate
the comments if you have a good room you
guys read this book it's supposed to be
like really interesting you just let me
just open it up I think it's one of
those and shelfie things like Amelie on
the top to be confirmed on the bottom
it's so cute isn't it Oh between D 1
million huh
you guys live in bunk beds I had a bunk
bed with my brother and I must say we
had some pretty exciting nights exciting
adventures slan was on the top I was
other than the bottom let me guess he
was the oldest he must have got a
nervous for me but M maybe there's some
comments huh
if you're a bunk bed baby or if you're a
mom
look at that baby okie dokie so she gave
me a measuring tape you see it's a
dresser actually fit in the car so 25 No
there's 25 by 39:45 by 35 so you can
actually see an ensign dinner
you know you're growing up when you get
excited looking at vacuum cleaners or a
Dyson's but this one will be any
problems with these now huh the dyson
ball look it's an animal the DC animal
stones pink minis oh I like the big deal
come on the pink foot and you never need
four bags right GT you do get the whole
thing with it right yeah
not just there one day Amelia Hello
Kitty headphones we should get one for
each girl for Christmas morning yeah you
know it decides he's like for the
Maltese what they do how do you like
likes axes in there no oh there are
class shoes they definitely need coats
haven't seen our coats
I've been seen have enough coats to
share No
whoa Anna what the car the bearded
dragon he's really cute actually
well it's not on behind him that was
lots of actors or something oh it's now
anything is actually there no no there
is oh wait no it is it is what is it
which one are we looking here
yes he's a comedian guys just hanging
about hey little man hey little dude
what's going on like a specialty Oh
trees
that's the tio needs a big blg everyone
it is a big sandwich smells really good
too
that's the only is white and bright well
we don't use it anymore so it's also the
colors that you guys were saying that I
should probably get Turkey today cuz I
was like I'll just get the turkey the
day before huh
the hell are divots so here's me by my
first frozen turkey I was just about to
leave
and then I came back for this thing cuz
I was like wait a second how am I
supposed to cut this thing so here we go
guys
err frozen with giblets giblets give
goblets you know I don't know what they
are but we're gonna find out soon so do
I put it like close
what why would I put it well just like
dump it in here for tonight
alright yeah we are ready we are ready
steady go hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
