you are a nut job - the exact same thing
so the batteries are completely gone
this morning you forgot to put the new
thing that's why I manually I manually
being the swing my swing has a tickle
we went to bed way too late last night
joke joke joke joke joke joke yeah wait
yeah we did we went to bed because
Johnny didn't get off the phone with
Benji for ages Skype whatever it was so
my mom made us this are you gonna roll
over let's see if you'll do it to the
command I think he's stuck because he
can't do it this thing isn't the way oh
go boy are you think UTA's baby in the
world
just let me know let me know you're
gonna let me know yeah yeah you're so
cute you know that what's wrong we doing
which one of you wanna do huh which
mommy good idea good luck and Godspeed
good luck and Godspeed you look so tall
I know she is making me feel like a
little dwarf what oh my god what the
hell I just wanted me no English they
listen to me on the vlog yesterday but
what did you say I said they haven't
have any accidents moved in I just
cleaned that a minute ago it's not gonna
be core anything but no seriously
it is white though it's not peek stained
you know yeah and look you see I use the
tripod piece it's a huge where is my
block of cheese where is my block of
cheese you don't like a block of cheese
nice toasty where is it
for a second I thought my slippers are
here that's where your heel is if you
find this difference you'll find the
heel are you stuck here now they're
gonna lock the puss or something we
could just live up here and and and
forget it we forgot everybody your
braids are walking him no why I have an
appointment a business meeting a tree
that's great
he always look great socks on you look
like you never had a baby you look
exactly the way you are when I first met
you nice no lies like I know I don't say
these things to impress you for all
these stretch marks
well obviously apart from other stretch
marks the jegos the block of cheese if
you are a nut job
mind if the exact same thing
Oh oh my god
Oh God
there's a lot more space in here you
can't have a bookshelf there's no room
books going to different room
the chair is good though because
sometimes like I will you know I know
she's sleeping with us when you do when
you're when you start your knitting
course it could look like no when she
can't when she started sleeping in here
mm-hmm
like where am I gonna go to feed her go
into the crib with her you know go to
the drive-through oh my god I might you
to drive through nursing station they
just put the boob at the window and you
put the baby I'm a curves
that's a dairy college but hey papa I'm
lovin it hey you
oh no no ah no ah please they're ringing
I stopped what the hell is going on
there just like oh well editing in the
dark I see there's my two favorite girls
huh
my two prettiest girls
Amy Mia what's he wearing
huh does it say the lovely deer in the
park
oh well yeah yeah yeah it's dad haven't
seen you in a while
come on give me the smile no she's so
cute asleep - dad look
she's a rock and roller uh he didn't she
stopped she was a rock and rolled her
little upside-down baby and put it in a
hand dimples she's so cute doesn't he
yeah I really didn't think when we were
gonna have a baby though and we were
talking about in a year ago I didn't
think that she's gonna be as cool as
this you know I knew I'd love her and
stuff but I didn't think she's gonna be
so amazing
you know it's like she's actually you
know when like you save up to buy a
thing and then you get the thing and
then somehow you think like yeah those
exactly what I thought of us well we
saved up well we have to wait like ten
months and then we got the ting and then
it was like oh my god it's way better
than I thought it was gonna be you know
that's what it's like with her let's
make another one
with one another brother sister you want
a brother or sister or brother right we
want a little voice I mean yeah like a
little brother you could boss him around
you could pass them around I'd be
terrified that girl what happened is
what happened with me what Oh
competitive yeah I mean I know I was too
much yeah but she don't have like a year
of it that's what I'm scared I'm like
with the girl again yeah I see I think
there it's like boys if it's a boy it's
different you know everything we did not
close be different room you different
everything the attention will be
different yeah you know it's a party it
is no fee as XPS we change first of all
does she write I'll be that would be
your job
Oh alby's turn on paper rock scissors
written and it's one two three show all
right
ready one two three
show no I've come who's that hi Amelia
hello hello oh yah oh yah oh yah oh yah
why do i do I don't like that
hello hello how low can you go hello
hello how low can you go
did you tell them what happened last
night I have a nice name I want you like
exploded literally explosion just like
you kept calling wasn't it was like she
said my dad I was like a little squirt a
big squirt I found him erupted like all
over my side of the bed
my pillows as well it was like kind of
more than why sat in a bed so I had to
sleep okay see this little corner here I
was like scrunched up it was like
scrunched on the corner because
everywhere else was soaking how do you
feel about that no oh don't look down
and anger heated seats activated whoo
Rianna activated is it happening we're
moving up a level no notes so it's still
the yellow ones I think so is it not go
for and there's the dis SME street ones
and when you thought wear em shoes level
three now we have to wait level four and
I bet you then all of a sudden will be
like we have to wait level five huh
I'm sorry I'm not you excited for Sesame
Street
don't forget your bananas or Anna we'll
send you back down to the kitchen oh
yeah so many people have comments did
you see that so many people have
comments they said when they saw me
bringing the parrot upstairs but it's
bananas they were like huh I don't
usually leave the lattice and then step
back then they all knew you aren't you
if only live commenting existence you
could like all told me they were dead yo
P you forgot that one honors essentially
what I'm saying is the viewers know you
better than I know you
yeah maybe because I'm probably gonna
forget to defrost them so we got one if
we get to pop that in there grab a taki
teki boom all right yeah I know
no big marquees well there's one box
when there's really enough it's what I
have to do I must say I like the noodles
though the sweet and sour the extra
pineapple one is this you can't really
put that with noodles so can you yeah
you come to dip my salmon pate in with
these was Thailand Oh cakes
I mean flatbread nars and he's not as
good there's oat cakes mmm nice all
right just go with the safe option which
is cars there's a question for people's
all around the world I think one of the
most famous biscuits in Ireland not so
much brand is these things here the
custard cream again the custard cream
it's like they just have existed forever
in infinity there's like an infinite
supply of them they are probably like
they cost cheaper than oxygen but like
do they exist in other countries that's
what I'd like to know maybe some cars
let me know so we decided kids Anna's
family they celebrate Thanksgiving well
they lives in America are so long so
they said about Thanksgiving here but I
said to Anna's mom this year I'm going
to cook the turkey so we're gonna have
yeah we're gonna have like a full
American Thanksgiving
yeah hosting Thanksgiving you this
Thursday is it uh-huh so I'm gonna cook
what it is every
no no no no probably they poor because
that were being fit in a freezer for the
exciting air frozen it's now be a good
time to revisit comments and suggestions
of hell sides and Nala kind of stuff
yeah yeah oh my goodness okay she's
driving to Douglas look at berries ha ha
ha o Christmas tree o Christmas tree ha
ha our house is gonna way better than
that
bTW oh my goodness oh my goodness I'm so
upset so this is the book that blew in
my room okay then I went out and I
bought this bull which is as you can see
the groove part right it's the exact
same type of bulb I opened the box it
was in the dark there you know and I was
just I just took it out of the box and I
was plugging it in and I was like wait a
second what the hell somebody obviously
took out this bulb I'm put in this bar
or the manufacturer I don't know but
isn't that such crap like it sound like
4 euros each 4 euros on a wrong bulb
I'm very upset by that who's a strong
that Oh baby caught Amelia Amelia ah now
I know lads you're always taking a too
far huh
whichever control your puppies Amelia
finding an Instagram you know once again
she does not look impressed
oh no daddy's gonna cook up some dinner
what do you want what do you want you
want green tie what's in it I'm sorry
about that what what is this yeah I saw
I was kind of flinch in itself and you
watch them how how much entertainment
today was to provide hello yeah give the
big smile yeah you're so cute are you
wish marker who's your friend
who's your friend huh who's your friend
who's your friend
you got loads of friends you're very
popular among the doggies you're very
popular among the doggies they all love
you they all love you do you know that
huh they're gonna be your best friends
they will you're gonna have so much
adventures and fun with these guys cuz
you're all about the same age as well
how much fun is that huh look at
different than your nappies are it's so
crazy and they I kind of like them I
know they're not Sesame Street but uh
they're kind of cool-looking thick they
aren't really like I don't know they
look like they're gonna collect
everything everything will be collected
anywho where's the batteries oh yeah
let's swap out these I decided this time
to go look with the Energizer's and see
the DS ones last longer Dan cuz these
didn't really last that long at all you
know chicken and tonight my friends we
are having some Asian vegetable stir-fry
mmm-hmm let's not be shy
let's not be shy I don't want some fried
guy the kind of guy who would always be
mine well look at you look at you is
that cheetah oh gee that oh it's kind of
little Calla it look oh do you love it
do you love it huh thank you mommy
oh you're joking I had leopard toes when
I gave birth you did I know you have
leopard toes it's come full circle
uh-huh dinner's almost ready
well dinner is ready
I will Instagram any gram you wish but
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
