you guys want to go see a castle Shh
don't say anything oh this is nice isn't
that so that there's so pretty
hello yeah yeah you excited his dad he's
so cute what does one put you in Oh
little dougie pup friends no doggy put
friends
you just enjoying the Sun beaming in
thank you
putting convinced their dad yeah yeah
let's go on an adventure
alright are we gonna get to work huh me
we're gonna work okay you can help me
editing you can a pic the cuts that
we're gonna use
yeah you just call out to me when you
say dad huh
so cute alright it's me coffee coffee
danger men at word and baby mm-hmm
posted this where you like she posted it
on my Facebook isn't that so funny
it's like woody but that it's got like
me in the top that was funnier and what
a beautiful afternoon delight so decided
to head out the body cdk1 awesome was
here I got that chicken green Thai curry
taystee I must say a reason I'm coming
this way you're probably thinking anyone
lives in cars I shall be where you come
from
I miss my exit I miss my Isis I ended up
down and whatever the next one is I have
no idea so now I'm coming back up this
way Christmas nice of the hampers
last time we're here was all like
Halloween near Murr yeah and now it's
like this stuff well it wasn't like
full-on person now it's like full-on
those trees cuz we were I was gonna bet
you were saying that in the fake one
like those things are amazing look at
these ones and like your ears
I like your ears I want to give him a
hug it is to you
I feel hmm yo Maroni's luckily pretty
tonight by the way
thank you for waiting
all you can store that in it thanks
like we go
hey guys look I decided to change my
username look joking Ciccone Jolie
because I was always that's my act you
can still at me at the same at Jonathan
Jolie but I decided to change my name
and that's up one and I always seems to
have this magical list on her it seems
to fill up with items all the time huh
every time we go to a room
let's again hedgehogs we need something
imagine you actually came out to a park
and there was a little baby kitten
inside of it this is exactly what I was
looking for let's say wooden part is
that just a brush
oh you attach a bike onto the back of it
into the bike
it's so easy to pound because my back is
always broken when I'm then picking up
all the poops and he's gonna change my
life for the better for the back of the
car no she probably got gloves as long
there's little selection here left
there's damn Jersey triple pack for
girls but you know I got lady hands I
don't know - I have big hands but big
hands or little hands I don't know but
now look at these one size fits all all
right okay oh these ones better
is it wait here's a triple pack for men
this might be actually better look it's
got the heavy duty ones and the little
ones open there's these ones but then
where you gonna get tiny little pictures
yeah it's a good idea actually party
silly to find a place to print Instagram
pictures though
Prince the crown really yeah but like
then they ship you their pictures is it
anyways but
you know behind the bed it's tiny though
yeah I need like a monthly feature like
a lighthouse
waves crashing or some laughs I like
those pictures you know the big nature
pictures
yeah she's well she's my friend I
looking for some item for our room right
before the master bedroom
no I'm looking for some just decorative
favorites
I would show you but that would involve
moving funds yeah so I was thinking of
bins the josephus says no somebody
blinds up another big window what do I
have that says the office I think it's
nice to streamline
then I was thinking come here something
like this for my jewelry you know at
night I always take off my ring some on
my decision to train to like bring
champagne around but it's and we should
have had a girlfriend inside of you you
had a girlfriend means say everything I
say is proud it's okay I think that's a
bit crazy that's like silverware yeah
but you see the theme of our room are
lumps you know never check out our lumps
that's a silver yeah oh and then what I
also wanted to go was some little jars
for like q-tips and cotton wool and
stuff in the bathroom
you want to put q-tips and got more in a
silver jar
here I'll show you
or there's these except they seem to
only be hurt waiting we shipped over
those I know should be things I would
like the part of our life I know this I
know right next wedding I know it's so
annoying okay it's this chair for
sitting or just for decoration
really oh my god that's it that's it
beautiful get the chair and the picture
you've just made it you made a
collection all pictures are you gonna
put in here just leave these pictures in
and we'll just tell people it's us look
there's you me and Amelia there's you
and me when we were in love that's you
and me we're idiots
how am I supposed to get around yeah
like I'm not gonna fit you there
he didn't think of me to jus just
abandon me here I'm stuck here now the
hell
all right see if we get a turn here
can't get bite I gotta go all the way
back
stupid poop and the dog eyes look actual
anus flytraps
and so did you
it is
a little fly just like landing on one of
these right now I'm kind of scary you
put the popcorn in and you twist it and
it makes popcorn
what how does that make popcorn it's
amazing
you should totally get that I'm not over
exaggerating this is the coldest in my
entire life and I have ever been
seriously at the door open I felt every
bone in my body sort of shiver and crush
and cracked and melt yep you can melt in
the cold in the world driving alone
laughs right okay we made it yeah she
was hitting the boot the front or doing
to be left behind but a nice evening so
as I was driving along the wrong way I
noticed there was a castle up here I was
like oh my goodness
I should like totally bring my friends
to see a castle cuz that's one thing now
I know what any of you viewers from
let's say France Germany Spain Italy
Ireland England
and other European countries full of
castles for tripping over cows castles
everywhere
we used to live in it we used to live on
Castle Street in Dublin and there was an
actual castle on donkey on the street
there so am this place here right here
it's called Castle Lake seriously
castles everywhere but I know in America
you guys don't have castles you have
Disney Castle which is pretty ok yeah
it's pretty impressive Disney's Casa
it's pretty peasant but look at this
baris court Castle huh
you guys want to go see a castle let's
go going into the castle guys Shh don't
say anything
case there's like druids or something
here
I don't know where I am I just saw the
sign it said castle you got excited oh
oh wait oh oh okay
guys welcome home we bought a castle
oh this is nice isn't it so that's so
pretty
it's so cool okay
I don't think it's open no just so cool
is that
that's so epic think you can even get
hurt I got out of this is private
property and I'm not supposed to even be
here the gate the gate to get in there
yeah be honest information yeah it's
only 438 wait 45 minutes before closing
yeah sorry for maybe maybe some maybe
someone sacked the castle September ah
it's November lads oh oh well hey there
you go guys alright first time first
time washing yet huh first time first
time watch the most important time wash
and the girl gave me two Yogi's again
she's nice of her I can't get it to go
into the thing oh my goodness I got it
hey level one okay my first car wash
this is emotional
all right now comes the manual work the
manual labor part
hard work
yeah my lights are still working Wow so
whoever just picture by the way the one
we're gonna pretend it's us no we're
gonna get pictures prints so are we like
the silhouette you know your life is a
silhouette no it's me personal okay what
are you asking smack bang yeah yeah
maybe a little bit more maybe a little
bit closer I know
close the door so I thought I'm not
thrown off by that yeah change
everything
nope you think his door is always open
yeah okay so shouldn't you compensate
for the fact that the door is always
open
yeah so open it again what do eyes it'll
look off so I was gonna send her between
the door and the wall but then you see
but then that's no yeah so I think
personally if it was me yeah my room I
go here yeah
the Tony was my room of course I'm just
basically yeah I'm lucky to be allowed
stay here most nights most nights and
then we need something for here but I
think it needs to be quite big I was
thinking like a starburst mirror but
there's already a mirror that make it
high enough don't this make sure that's
high enough no that's way too low
what the hell that's the measurement
nail first nail is the measuring now and
then you know right that's perfect solid
yeah okay so wait we did this these are
all the people that got it correct
correct correct correct correct correct
oh my goodness drummer this song
they still love this song it's Moby come
there's no being a long time
holy crap tree my ass yesterday better
where you guys are from Morocco Karl
North Carolina Sweden Illinois said of
France Canada Netherlands Toronto
Ukraine Saudi Arabia England Ontario
Quebec CNN's California Italy Mexico
Hawaii Chicago Texas USA Estonia whoa
Scotland
a New Mexico Maine Florida Venezuela
Saudi Arabia Estonia Austin Germany
Belgium Bosnia Herzegovina UK direction
in USA USA Spain Iceland Argentina the
Winnipeg Canada Finland Australia Tokyo
wowzers Germany Scotland you Korea what
you you guys what's that you kriti know
it so well it's Jamaica yes well uh
oh my Kansas aren't they USA Bulgaria
Italy Italy Romania Scotland Finland
Finland and Bologna oh cool that's what
I make the Ducatis and I said Italy
Portugal Canada Denmark before oh my
goodness that is so cool you guys all
participated in that thanks a lot it's
so crazy to see you guys are from all
over the world quite a little parmalee's
yeah whoa Malaysia Malaysia oh my
goodness we should furnace to I don't
know what is the furthest point away
what's the opposite to Ireland and is it
like New Zealand
you know like America it's just over
there so it's not like on the opposite
side of the world in Europe England
France
the Middle East is that like Dubai would
that be the other side of the world I
don't know if anyone actually knows the
a geographical opposite end of the world
to Ireland you meet in the comments and
let me know that's great that's so cool
you guys will follow
a world I didn't realize I feel like
need to put on some fancy clothes brush
my hair sing your song hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Sakuni Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
