oh my god get the anger Gabi Hank
right I better go apply the blood from
my room huh what are we doing at boo
Nana I like it a sans banana sans bonus
song song why would I know
so groggy yeah guys taking her go to
Paris for a Christmas well it's for
Christmas in December like like it's a
couple of days hang out Sana's our
brother and his girlfriend lived there
well he doesn't live there he lives me
worthy good well he wasn't it Italy for
a while
Oh Switzerland is he he probably eats
Tobler Owens all day yeah he's always
moving goodness like what do you expect
from us so yeah we're thinking of
popping over there maybe do some
Christmas shopping also the Eiffel Tower
Ines never been to France at all
ridiculous
Airport true nothing nothing and my
family is French and I understand means
Italian and I expect you I'm in Italy so
I think it's a bad time you saw my
people my Parisians my Prezi and poke so
Yap at the Eiffel Tower Christmas on day
yeah well they do it all year round but
it's it's really nice cuz I'm obviously
now there's a lot more darker time and
add there's some really nice hotels that
are right beside it and you can actually
see it all like lit up it looks pretty
darn cool I think Amedeo - yeah yeah we
can climb up it
it's fun it's kind of scary for atop you
comments you've been gone jackals how
are you know when you're on the top on
the observation deck this is kind of
like good morning my little princess
good morning my little princess good
morning my little princess how are you
today I like your little Snoopy outfit
huh do you want a show huh
snoopy time you haven't Snoopy time Oh
Nina is I think you need to cut her
nails
I like razor blades is that for cutting
that in the shower
I always after the shower I always have
like scroll marks on my chest is there
with your planners would you look at it
do I have it Mariam do you all have a
name cuz I don't really know my name I'm
going to call myself
Florence yes my name is Florence you
know I'm here for your entertainment we
do hoops as you can see my lovely hips
yes and I have a Fred Terry Terry oh
yeah yep my name is Terry and I'm also
here for for your tip and I have got
something my so I just invited Justin oh
I must have had some bubbles or
something like that
hmm I had some bubble do you like
bubbles are you a fan of bubbles yeah do
you like bubbles
do em I said African whatever there was
good of a mix between said African in
Australia what numbers in between the
two watching quite a gap here I kept
yeah oh no now I'm British oh goodness I
don't really know what's happening
Terry Terry Terry I'm British okay
because I've actually changed me my
stool to some other boys and I don't
know what it is hell yeah
nice picture lady what you difficult day
would we
oh my god y'all
hi weird it's kinda John is what you got
that my friends call me droopy eyes it
is actually in a warp sir away it's kind
of hot she looks like an alien
oh my god to a media I just had to say
something are they oh my god oh all
right you old laptop I'll get the baby
you ready Amelia we'll take some nice
pictures of our baby we did this squeeze
okay she's looking at herself it's kind
of tiny little babies laughing blockhead
dad I can't stay still oh my god that
was no open that one open over there oh
no
oh my god keep yanking Gabby Hank okay
anyone get someone just grab a hug I was
trying to see if there's any yeah
tonight in court they're turning on the
Christmas lights
I know 16 to November and it's Christmas
light turning on time I don't know leave
me a comment in when does your city uh
you know it'd be fun to do just leave a
comment and tell me where you live not
like where you live per se but like what
country are you in because I said
something on Facebook Euler when I got
the internet and I thought I was joking
I think you know the world you know and
then those who were like hello from all
different places are in the world so
everybody leave a comment of like you
know you can just say like what state
you're in or nothing nothing too
specific you know but it'd be kind of
interesting to see like what country or
state are that you're in and that's yeah
let's all see where we're all from shall
we so Melissa from Lanie bug designs if
you don't know what ladybug designs is I
talk about this all the time it's these
little hair ties that I wear on my
wrists to remind me which side I'd last
breastfed on I also use them as hair
ties but I talk about them all the time
I wore a pink one even in my labor and
delivery or not labor and delivery video
but like giving birth to Amelia on that
vlog and I just wear them all all the
time and then I just figured that out
but the breastfeeding thing and it
really helps for me to remember cuz I
always forget if you guys want to check
them out go to her Facebook its
facebook.com for it stroke Lena
bug designers it's linked on over my
channel but look how cute so she sent
like orange and like some kind of pretty
autumn ones she sent tons of purple
that's eric has favorite color so she's
gonna love them
Pink's my favorite color and look animal
print I'm trying to find a parking spot
and then I was like oh this must be
where I park here look that's where the
I this is the Porsche parking look
seriously okay there's like two of them
is not so funny
within Nando's for the first time who
said Nando's for the first time are you
Amanda's for the first time yeah you
certainly look it what do you want
you want some butterfly chicken huh it's
a nice peri-peri sauce oh he's full of
smiles what'd you get chicken man
rapping dick chicken but there's no such
thing is the chicken wrap
where's show me wrap
no I got you to cater it confusing
because then we always get the rapid in
turnaround plan no I asked me to pay
down I kept saying to myself I was
citing it as I walked up I was reciting
it to myself that's what you have to do
in that nose you have to take your order
form able to walk over there today hello
you're like bitter rap no not rap know
what yeah hit it up
no chicken pit up no the average is done
so much except the view that this is a
very important day for you okay but what
do you want to eat first you want to
chili fries or you want the chimney
chickens like scared almost
where's your daddy viewing I've lost my
scarf me taking my scarf it's a good
trick though that's why someone knows
someone has to be wearing a scarf at all
times you know I'm not sure how you need
to pull your hair longer
it is pretty long for them time being in
man knows it's crazy how much more aware
of it is all the time now is always
watching like even sitting there like
just watching like everyone walking
around a restaurant and stuff they crazy
that crazy me
yes I take home now we let you go
is it so scary why is it no I think so
come on
I'm Rick
no Penguins temporarily out of stock you
know just get the green and blue you
made me walk here all the way from nanos
like that's like about at least two
miles away no
you're gonna wait we'll just fight him
online I'm pretty sure you somewhere
online you can get pink baby hangers do
you really need pink hangers be honest
with me they're a little snug
hello chubby cheeks and little chubby
cheeks
Christmas happened way too fast how can
it be Christmas already
oh my god Rach how can these crackers
that's what the posh people have means
yeah but like I've never a crackers like
that my crackers are always like you
know the standard and you get like
something plastic in there you probably
get like car keys and stuff in those
ones TVs toaster ovens babies yeah
exactly that's what the Kardashians up
watch would go with salmon that's our
that's our predictor we have two salmon
in the fridge for about 14 years
please decided tonight we're gonna try
and cook it cut to us getting a pizza
tonight
but anyway Anna here seems to believe
that we're actually gonna cook this this
pasta or a salmon so just trying to buy
a sauce that goes with salmon and pasta
but it's quite difficult what goes with
salmon Abaza
you know
but it's a whitey sauce and then yeah
but like you knowing that no I don't
want to buy like this a carbonara
or something hard isn't it like eat away
it's just gonna be left in the shop
after we abandon it tonight in order to
pizza you just reminded me you mind
Emilia you don't have a problem with
this year why don't you get yourself one
you like cheese if it was me and I
wasn't getting chilly I would get
barbecue I wouldn't get used yeah no
offense to the the cheese lovers out
there but um it's a bit cheesy you know
we've already given up on the salmon all
right let's
teeka quality do you remember we got
that nighttime spicy as fiery as they
experienced man I didn't even enjoy it
it was like punishment eating it which
one you want
come on boys
but your eye can i mom chicken I go with
the tea cap I probably go to tea cap
that a real Christmas tree oh it's a
fait that's one a dare one look that but
me you need me now Lloyd I hope this
isn't gross man I've been playing
station I was playing a Ricky for the
last two hours I think oh my goodness
that black ops game and it's so much fun
I will tell you how we're having this
keep it keep it to yourself okay I'm
just uploading the stylized video at the
moment if you haven't entered that it's
a $300 on my giveaway so lantern even if
you are dying and you have no use for
how many because someday you'll come
across a girl and she'll be like I
really like girly I got your handbag
covered boom you're married you got a
couple of kids you're sitting back in
your tank in I got a tank jofi so future
self come back to this video leave me a
comment thank Jovie I can't be around
like thus meeting your wife it's a
circle it's a looper ha ha these are
like the best invention ever aren't they
the bag ones it's like cuz we're Rice
you never really know how much a portion
is you know it's the same with pasta
they should actually should do that
get pasta in individual portion sizes
because I never know how much pasta I
just like put in like that amount and
I'm like I think that it's enough for
one to two people or the rice is the
same thing
via my windows but ripe it's it's the
same team of rice it's like you never
really know how much a portion is where
these guys you just go hook that's it
Bob your uncle nice boy a nice sweet and
the rice again you don't really know
when rice is done you can kind of I
always tell by like squishy and in there
I'm trying to touch them off the bottom
and if they make us out of it you know
they feel pick they're probably not done
and then this is done but it's just
space it is marinating it for as long as
possible to the chickens and sort of
like draw in the flavor you know that's
essentially what's essentially the plan
here a little tips happen over here
though a little rip-rapping what what
what go ahead
you know make up your mind okay Gwen the
White has arrived the pups have arrived
the baby has arrived and the food is set
oh my god guys you're not gonna believe
this right their batteries have gone
again we've ran through the batteries
again look it's like flicking I heard
this morning like oh my god yeah oh my
god we brought you ladies again we live
in a tree parent family Anna myself and
the swing hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
