Lydia that I try to go to sleep
Oh
so we're all in a rush to get ready this
morning today's media has her two-month
shots today and she is wearing big girl
clothes she's so cute
look at her hi she has her bib on now
because she just fed but let's see if we
can stop you moving for a second so you
can show your outfit she's got
everything is from Baby Gap I think is
it or Zara I can't remember
I think it's Baby Gap oh I'm sorry did
you want to keep swinging anyway she's
got on this little twinkle twinkle
little star um top which is gray and
then she's got on some grey leggings
which are so cute and then some grey
star socks no and underneath
let's show your besties Oh purple with
stars and then just got a navy blue um
big I think it's all from Baby Gap I'm
not sure maybe it's actually Zara yeah I
think the outfits are on the big biz gig
baby gasps but she's so cute I can't
believe she's fitting and she's fitting
into three to six clothes perfectly like
I don't almost gonna happen well I guess
when she's six months she'll be fitting
into probably like six to nine month
stuff but yeah she's not even three
months like two months two months and a
week is it no nope not even two months
and she's already fitting into three to
six so yay he did cheat Jagga maan holy
crap holy look at this it's so smoky
foggy in here today oh my god and you
guys you should go back to a blog that
we did I might know about two years ago
called the mist is that we call it he's
always scary though when you go to the
doctor
he's always like oh okay and Amelia's
like she's no idea she was all full of
smiles this morning having a time for
life yeah which is no idea and I think
it said into six in one we're getting
today so I hope it's like not six
injections one time opens one injection
six time no open to six things in the
one injection immediate your favorite
bands wow we're going to live while
we're young we're all done oh my god
that was the most horrible experience
ever
it's so horrible oh my god okay do you
forgive me
I'm sorry it was so awful like okay the
nurse was super nice like she was the
same nurse that I went to when I first
got pregnant but um boy she Oh God can
you get out huh and you guys choose a
couple ago is there she was super nice
and um oh my god so she puts the me it
was two injections one in each leg and
like
Oh stick in there don't me to get it and
no oh she's happy now she was really
good though
but the minute like they put the needle
in her leg and she's just started crying
and like I start crying so hard well oh
my god
then they would do it a second time and
she told us that the second one was
gonna be more store I was like no oh
it's just awful it was so horrible but
she's fine now but it was just really
traumatic at the time and then like you
just know you just know what's happening
you can't tell them what's happening and
then it's so sad when they start but I
can see it like I was hoping I could see
it in her eyes the first injection in
June she was like what that seems a bit
odd and then what's the flue wrench
engine then Jonathan is cold like a
stone he just doesn't cry at all and I
was just like oh my god I can just I can
turn that on when necessary I can beat a
rock yeah but did it not make you any
upset but I mean she's okay I know but
it made me really sad I know but if I if
I got emotionally upset with her her
recovery wouldn't be instant because
she'd be like oh my god dad's upset and
this must be serious where it's like oh
look that doesn't that doesn't seem to
think this there's any fun with this so
I guess it's okay yeah my mom is an
emotional mess but that's normal for me
Mia but she's so good she's like doesn't
even like it never even happened right
yeah good girl what did you do please
hurry
mm-hmm oh no it was a poo explosion and
we used up our nappies at the doctor's
office so I have to go again at ease
we change our life we change our 64
times in the doctor's office all right
bye all right it's probably good and
great to have a backup packet of nappies
in Mama's dollar test because we're
always over there and a normally we have
see normally I think we carry just a
couple of Emma's then we were rushing up
this morning to the doctors and then
just after the injections I changed her
because we had undressed her anyway so I
was like all just quick to change her
and it was just saying like god I hope
she's doing so I didn't bring me back
and we're like oh definitely what what
happened what do you know what do you
know huh kind of wonder if he a smaller
pie unless you went to active fit no
Huggies
cookies no I'll stick with a look at
this we made it look you can see look
the little injection marks on either
side oh they're like our screws that she
screwed together this goes together huh
did you buzz about it just remember it
wasn't dad that did that okay even if
that was holding you I didn't do it ah
oh it's such nice hair Amelia you're so
cute huh you look just like your mom so
much fun though I think she got a darker
hair go dye your hair and then we'll do
it again
uh-huh oh my goodness so a few days ago
oh yeah remember this yesterday that was
me I called I call the phone but am as
you can hear I don't know if we can hear
that the phone line we activated the
phone line for the a DSL oh look what
just arrived by courier moments ago it's
excites me it excites me very much Lee
oh my goodness could it be I don't know
if the M if the oil the line is active I
don't know if the DSL is turned on yet
but M let's hook this bad boy up and
let's find out do we actually have the
Internet's cuz I thought it's gonna be
tomorrow oh my goodness you have to wait
for the DSL life goes Wi-Fi obviously
there's Wi-Fi dsls to come on and then
the Internet's to come on so I think
it's checking to see if there is a DSL
or an asymmetric to yourself which
probably doesn't look likely right now
and then it'll check for Internet Oh
nuts
come on baby come on baby do it huh what
oh goodness me what's that me desist I
have - come on - okay nobody free care
all right that's all be calm and
responsible here and that's log into the
router and see what's going on brilliant
that's that's brilliant information so
they're cool amazing Retina MacBooks
don't actually have a connector for this
oh goodness
where's my old where's my old Betsy
Betsy up
you're still in need Betsy like there's
light down there everyone stay calm stay
calm collected and cool oh oh oh
goodness I was exciting okay
um huh huh all Network
I'm trying to go to sleep
oh okay so um I've got my coffee here
because I had to eat my breakfast in the
car I don't know if I saw me earlier I
was like helping a little mom in the car
um so I think I'm gonna make some lunch
what I make I have this soup but I think
it's probably gone off used by Oh a
teenth of November that's all right
do I want soup though I don't want you
know and I have this soup too let's see
here this is used by the eight of the
eleven this is gone ah that was a big
waste but I could probably have this not
squash soup with some bread bread we got
crab cakes for tonight I think that's
what we're having this is such a small
fridge like seriously this is way
smaller than any other fridge well no
that's a light in London our fridge was
like tiny it was like this is probably
okay maybe not that narrow but it was
like this size you know and then in
Bournemouth our 4-h was pretty tiny too
so technically it's not ours ostrich but
if there's well as fridge in a while so
let's see what's the date on this 1911
people they're so good what's gonna
toast them anyway so what's a big deal
zo um and then I I really want to UM
that's like gonna be my goal for like
the end of this month for this month of
November is to slowly but surely
organize the entire house like properly
move in because we still we're all moved
in but there's still stuff like I showed
you guys yesterday or the day before
there's still all this stuff here
um you know it's just kind of random we
need a dresser though so we're gonna
have to buy a dresser
soon for our bedroom and that's kind of
where the bulk of the stuff that's in
the spare room is going to go because a
lot of stuff in the spare room is
clothes that belong to me of course I
guess I could store them as well though
but I want to get a dresser anyway but
just in the meantime um they're kind of
just piles in the spare room which is
annoying me so I want every room to be
done
oh my goodnes like I'm down honey
Newtown zombies yeah this funny of
logging in plus new Ken 2025
oh it's finally able to log in to
download these because they came with
the prestige bag need to come with a
hardened edition as well but it's like I
want to play Newtown with that law by
Katie tasty fish cakes fish fish fish
fish cake nice I finally get to play
online well I'm playing custom games cuz
I'm a custom man I'm accustomed to
custom games so ninis is taking me
nieces walkies turn huh
what's happening guys good I do tend to
do the nighttime ones you need tents due
to daytime ones what's going on over
here
oh it's like sideways I'm updating it
I'm updating we're updating everything
everything to update every device we
have has to be updated to 2.0 Albee
come on into mom into mom into mom into
mom no into mom harness first harness
Burt no no harness first harness first
we need to harness the energy oh my
goodness who the - Bianca that's it
you're not going you're not going don't
listen to them don't listen to that okay
don't listen to them hi hi there hi
there don't listen to those cities don't
listen to those cities doggies
is out there okay okay yeah yeah status
round one
oh my god you look so funny hey why you
over the other side huh oh no no I was
right in the back uh-huh yeah he did
with like Walter White ha ha ha ha the
commotion about my huh get her get her
attacker
all right oh my goodness that was
awesome
Newt and zombies if you play isn't it
amazing um we use my own HTC phone
because I think my phone is broken or
something I think it's around here
somewhere
to be kind of scary doing this look
arrays everything it's like a full
factory reset on my HTC Sense it's like
oh no I changed my mind I change my mind
it's ok so you uh come to my house and
eat my food and steal my phone is that
your game that's your game in life cheat
my yogurts there'll be some serious
beatings coming all right
I'm a forgiving forgiving forget what
your dinner Oh what's this our bingo
we found a disposable unit ok why are
all the dogs trapped outside
come on lads what rocky something good
or something bad
have you guys seen Erica I think she's
right here
did you decide that now I did a factory
reset on the phone so it's already fee
it's just charging in cycles I can't
find the charger but it's the USB
charger so I would just plug into the
laptop which I I just use a USB what's
this
how does this whole device work yeah
yeah Middleton wasn't it yeah um like
the other one I just use a rough USB I'm
just charging it off my laptop right now
so I don't know where to charge
mysterious goodbye forever
that's it it's over it's over Rikki's I
do um you smash up opener well you could
have done the anime to do any money
opening take out the SIM card yeah
Oh after you get back you house in
microfilm all right I have my trusty
assistant with me today we're gonna try
this in the same environment
oh yeah
and hydrate
I look so creepy Oh oh my god it lacks
you look it actually scared you
is that so cool I can now go get lost
okay that's creepy ready to go Oh
oh my god that hurt that was not my plan
that I'd seem like it's cause it's
spinning it's not that right
oh it's cutting the grass it's scary at
night just don't know what then I make
it ah I mean oh yeah oh my god it's so
close
I need to go straight up in the air hi
maybe it's for like okay down and then
go to make it over the thing
so vandals broke up
hello hello hello can you go how you
feeling after it hard day huh are you
feeling after your hard day huh your
smiles your smiles as always you're
always full of smiles aren't you even
after your sword eh I'm sorry you have
to get you little things I'm sorry that
happened to you today but it's not gonna
happen for a long while
you probably won't forget about it yeah
just being on forget about you didn't
need any cow Paul or anything cuz you're
a trooper and yeah cheering trooper yeah
oh you're the best you're my favorite
daughter mm-hmm you know that yes you
are and I feel I made you so we're
thinking of getting one of those I'm
camera things um no where did it go baby
monitor staff I'm trying to decide which
one you were saying to get the one with
the Matt is it he's like it you can't
use our accountant yeah I can had a baby
a few months before us news and get the
one with the Matt because it Meier
measures their greetings I think this is
the one he was talking about um its 139
euros and it's um the angel care that's
the brand movement and sound monitor the
only thing is like it has the mat and
everything but it doesn't have a camera
I kind of want to carry on camera do you
not think if you had the camera inside
of the bed you're gonna obsess and just
keep watching today all my friends that
have babies have camera monitors is
there any way you can get one that
streams that streams the video feeds
here has one a pink one who for her girl
and new one for her boy and they liked
the one that they have for their boy so
much what they gone for the girl it's
like you can wear it like on your on
your you know belt or whatever
and would you just leave it on your desk
your dresser at nighttime wouldn't even
look at it no it's not even for a night
time it's for like during the day when
they're napping you know you can carry
it around with you it's like a foam and
then you look at it to see what they're
doing or if you hear them move or
something you can just look to see that
they're like fine I just like the idea
of having a visual and then I noticed
man how far did it work and you like
take a minute out I think there's like
good oh I think you're like can I bring
it off to this you hear some wit my can
pro hippie give me some comments guys if
you have one of these and let us know
which one is the best should be at the
camera or is the camera thing obsessive
and it's stupid or dead any monitor the
math you think is the best danger care
one they like this out I'm a big fan of
this song I must admit I'm a big fan of
this song you know what a big fan of oh
sure is lonely MacDonnell's
butter by Papa we're lovin it lovin your
burger a burger and fries from their own
Ronald McDonald
cheers Ronald OH
like having a car party
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
