alright let's open it up I took the lid
off and here she is she's shredded do
you know your plant
what happened here I hello hello you
want share there for a minute huh yeah
Danny has to go off and do a very
important task look what she does
you know we move around to the three to
six month stuff yeah look at me control
on my way to pick up my black operatives
- what's up with your mouth yeah can can
you guys see that you see her her
underbite it's so funny
hi look at her under right look at her
Oh
Emilia is in her swing so that I can get
to work done she sucks you just dozing
off and I just had my breakfast which
actually I didn't just have my breakfast
I like I had my breakfast age of the
goal and then I was just being lazy and
cuz I'm not filming today I don't think
so push catching up on YouTube videos
and it is now five minutes to twelve and
I'm still not dressed when I have
nothing done which is pretty bad because
Jonas is gonna come home and he's gonna
be like hello
to get lunch and I won't be ready Oh
care package that's so cool it's
actually like a drop box and he gave me
a little better stuff that came with it
there in the envelope oh my god this is
so deadly
oh I keep seeing this and then not doing
it but I would really like to make some
progress with these bins which are
supposed to be full of Emilia stuff but
they just can't put into Jo fizzes study
and then they got filled off with crap
so I want to tackle that today I would
really like to get her nursery done you
know looking kind of presentable and not
having loads stuff all over the floor
today so who's with me are we gonna do
this today I hope so hopefully by the
end of this vlog it will be done and
I'll be showing you like the finished
product all I did was empty the
dishwasher okay so my next chore that I
usually do is change the food and water
in their bowls and then wash their bowls
in their mats that's what I'm gonna do
now but javis is home
what is it Oh the helicopter you think
you're going on I don't know it's so
crazy
longer than a chocolate like Oh Mike
yeah it looks like you're going on some
expedition or something
remember do you have the Headley car BA
the car was pretty big but this is like
all I like so this huge box right it's
just like you're drinking hardest to
hang up and then I Saigon what's what's
in it what's in this bag here oh the
game the game is like in this little
envelope and then this huge thing over
here oh boy I'm gonna chase you guys
around the house with a helicopter oh oh
oh
Theodore all right let's open it up I
took the lid off let's get my drop oh
yeah so that's obviously a helicopter
I've seen no idea what all this stuff is
autistic controller oh that must be
maybe the box the hardened edition no
you sure what's this it's like a meddler
or medallion or something man
and here she is oh it's so light which
guys do not rip this off you hear me
this is 200 euros are you gonna change
this around the house give me some
comments so then you guys actually am
forked out and got one of these little
helicopter things as well
it's like Christmas Mimi's are you as
excited as I am
contain your excitement come on explain
how excited you are tell the people how
excited you are
can hide it can you not hate it no why
are you most excited that you're most
excited to play zombies to play
multiplayer to see the dogs play no no
but you put your butcher how was your
voice your voice yeah haha how excited
you get black ops 2 come you know how
tell me how excited you are
what do you want to do first huh we rank
up you want to rank up huh why don't you
want to shoot some noobs 20 shoot some
noobs take out black ops 2 put in black
or take your black ops 1 and put in
black ops 2
oh don't forget your trainee glasses
they're a must I must I tell you
oh I'll charged up we all charged up ha
you know it you know it oh yeah yeah
yeah warning warning warning everyone
knows the warning boom I will take
frequent breaks no I won't but I'll just
tell them I'm taking frequent breaks
tired oh my god that's so cool that's so
cool oh my god that's so cool
everything so cool everything's amazing
and so cool I feel like a 12 roll boy
Alex Mason Eddie I better turn this up
okay or I get sued back okay did you see
any difference that's like what time is
it even I don't even know what day is it
oh alright
the light's gone off so I think this
thing is charged up so I've looked into
the mic there for a while let's give it
a let's see what Al actually
yeah miss these guys what's this okay
okay okay okay um what's the control
still on are you sure
all right obviously okay huh it's taking
a lot of concentration really properly
I should shred it do you enjoy your
plant oh my goodness okay nobody tell
any with that nobody tell me nice all
right hold on I need to put the camera
down somewhere so I need my two hands
and ringing it's strong enough as I oh
my god can I attach the vlog to it
I don't even strong enough though look
at the act
well me - Alvey it's never gonna forgive
me he's never gonna forgive me all right
I need to take a break oh my god it's so
much but he needs that I'm gonna sort of
a sleepy day think she's just tired and
rundown it's kind of different you know
as the dad you know obviously I do
participate in the raising of Amelia I
think we do it quite even Stevens I do a
lot of changing I make a lot of food for
us Anna makes a lot of food for her you
know but I think it's a breast feeding
and just general mothering nurturing
stuff it's probably really difficult you
know and not even difficult but just
like tiring on her system and on her
body and you know just making a
transition from being you know just like
a a single person to like a mother and
responsible for somebody else is also
probably a change you know so I'm just
trying to try and just make the
transition as easy as possible
I find it sometimes a little bit
difficult you know sometimes I find like
you can't be selfish you can just you
know as much as you want to just like
play this new game all day long like I
know that there you know there's a
limited man a time for that I don't know
you just things that have changed being
a parents you know
it's becoming apparent to me all right
let's get some lunch like a coffee after
I made the two coffees at the same time
these are the two new devices and some
wraps and case special delivery for my
two favorite girls hi girls
special delivery so media can have the
coffee you can have the sandwich ready
for the burning nests of the Sun yeah
it's horribly dark and rainy outside
you're not missing anything
here we go where do I put it is pop it
here here you go ma'am no problem no
usually you get a tip so what do you
think I mean yes huh
do you like the black operatives do you
hmm
do you like black ops you wanna try to
treat the glasses on huh
I don't think you're ready for that yet
I don't think so
mommy's in the shower for a half an hour
here together army saunas gonna try to
get the nursery done today did she say
that you already did mommy tell you to
break the mystery run hmm daddy's gotta
read it's a very busy day for that oh
yeah very busy day
got lots of a seductive achievements to
unlock what am I going I don't even know
what I'm doing anymore all right this is
the plan the glasses on
get the P X's on let's get these a oh
yeah testing testing one two testing
testing okay so I should I should be
able to watch both of you
at the same time okay very good plan we
just spin this around huh all right
let's do this
okay that's buying them yeah so this is
the next project is to tackle
Amelia's nursery like I said because I
ended up going back to bed for ages and
taking a long nap because I don't know
what's wrong today I think it's the
weather it's just really really super
gloomy and kind of depressing you know
it just kind of gets you down and then
you just don't feel like doing anything
and it sucks and then you're like why am
I doing this why am i letting the
weather affect how I feel that's stupid
but so I just got up showered I just
vacuumed and all that nice stuff and now
I'm like no I'm determined to make this
a good day I'm gonna get stuff done I'm
gonna be productive today so it's 5
o'clock almost oh I'm trying to work my
water also cuz I got into a really like
here's the thing I feel like I ate super
super healthy during my pregnancy and
then just after having a media a bit
like one month after like I was still
eating healthy up until I've had a month
after and then about a month after I
just started eating like kind of just
crap just like you know junk and just
not very healthy options basically so
I'm trying to get back into that because
I feel like my pregnancy I ate the
healthiest like I've ever probably ever
eaten in my life honestly because I was
thinking of her you know I was thinking
of somebody else
rather than myself I was like you know
I'd have to eat healthy for Amelia I
forgot about one other thing
laundry oh that's okay so this is the
before shot of Amelia's nursery mmm this
whole box of newborn stuff stuff
everywhere on the floor a crib which I'm
gonna move because I don't like it there
this box is now six to nine months so
like six months and six to nine months
and then this box is anything from nine
to twelve months I've decided to just
leave her zero to three months stuff in
her closet for now do you guys want to
see what I did sorry I look like poop
right now but I'm kind of sweating it's
a really hot in here
alright so I will show you it's not
decorated but it is organized now
finally tada
I moved some furniture around because
this was pissing me off in that corner I
didn't like it under the window it
wasn't centered with the window and it
just didn't look great
I think this makes the room look way
bigger there's so much more space I
don't know if it'll kind of translate
well on camera but honestly when I look
at this now I feel a lot better so we've
got her II her heart this is gonna have
to be changed now because of course we
didn't like plan this around the crib
being there so that's gonna have to be
moved I'm not sure if I'm gonna Center
that or if I'm gonna put something
different and put that like over here
maybe because that would look good so
yeah I've got her crib
we've got her the chair the nursing
chair of course her toys don't have a
toy box yet um I guess I could go there
or there or just there I don't know um I
mean obviously if this room is not
finished by any means yet but I am proud
of it so far I think it looks good so
far I just really like this set up way
better I think this looks so much better
than where it was originally
and I can actually sit here and nurse
her you know which I couldn't do before
because there was just not enough room
my proudest achievement so I organized
everything we have newborn nine to
twelve months six to nine months three
to six months more three to six months
because I couldn't fit everything plus I
need to hang those things those are just
hangers that came with those items so I
just hung those we've got her mobile
which has to go up I can't wait to hang
that because it's gonna look really good
there it's little ballerinas and then
we've got her hair things her shoes some
socks we've got some jewelry in here and
oh we've got some toys up there another
mobile as well oh what's up so these are
things that she currently fits into
right now these are blankets baby
blankets that I think I'm gonna store
maybe underneath her crib I'm not really
sure yet also her socks and her babes
and like warm weather things I think I
might get like little baskets and put
them in cuz right now it's not like
super organized I might even just buy
like a basket for each compartment if
that makes sense just because I think
that would work better you know what I
find completely ridiculous in baby coast
is right here these pockets what is
immediately going to put any what are
you gonna put in these pockets huh some
tools and spare change oh you think
that's what do you good night the game
you're like when I have my hand in your
pocket like what's the point
ninis of the pockets you know it's like
paper clips it's like what you gonna put
in there hitch aside today and there's
like what is the point of those pockets
what is the point is it's here is that
mozzarella yeah and Parmesan Ian
Tommy dancer therapy you find this thing
on again it's all that for one nice
Gus's kisses Norma oh jeez I won't tell
any of the poops it's well look it's the
food that it's chewing gum this is
called the chewing gum dinner
it's just Oh No so what is it obviously
what's the thing what's the thing in
there
zucchini yeah do I like zucchini
remember but looks really good
looks really good I like the stickiness
of the cheese geez beers
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
