all right look there's me during my
christening okay and there's Anna oh
goodness that really looks like a media
but that kind of looks like a media too
morning little one whoa huh morning I
know it sounds like you stayed here all
night long you eat so well you ready to
come out and play when we had a stylized
video do you want to be on his download
video or do you want me understand later
video
do you just be honest now just be honest
with me now do spirits or I'll put your
leg off and put I'm only pulling your
leg
crisis averted we almost we almost had a
no Liam it is a little ruffles no one
will see it though like seriously you
just kill apart you're a fart face hey
Bart bass he fired me hey Bart bass oh
ho ho yeah
it's just so cold these days isn't it
yeah alright but we are getting this
chili video done even without the
internets yeah so knowing tonight's
today guys looks like Wireless is a
no-go in this area because we're
surrounding
our property is like surrounded by like
three hundred year old massive like oak
trees and everyone that's come to try
and get a signal I can't get past all
the trees and stuff so unless I hacked
down all the trees what you don't want
to do because it's kind of nice so I'm
gonna get a DSL connection from air calm
it's like and they're like the national
provider I got like a business
connection so it's a they're due in
about three days and it's pretty good
it's pretty good I prefer using that the
line is cider does that light stuff but
I'll take money I'll take anything at
this point actually start uploading from
the iPhone
we didn't think I'd be back here
uploading the videos but I am Oh someday
in the near future I'll have the
Internet's again I'll be able to upload
videos whilst wearing my pajamas but now
I always have to it's so funny look this
is stuff the cats getting on it let me
just let me just go over here and look
at the window no I love you stop that
you want me to come back to you you sure
no problem
I just like looking at my car makes me
feel warm on the inside
hi hi Miffy you're such a beautiful cat
you know how pretty you are
oh did she just give little kisses go
ahead give a little kiss with your eyes
it is so pretty with this no focus no
fee fee foo foo I love you give me kiss
and then you bake it oh she's so cute
and sitcom it call me nice cuz I'm
deciding is it a tweet post partum
update or is it a two-month post partum
update video it's supposed to be two
months or eight weeks is it eight week
post partum update or two months
postpartum update and there we go that's
why i jo p doesn't make the decisions in
he becomes a video it sounds like eight
weeks
hey I can't cute in videos did you guys
watch this video I mean it is so cute
she's so cluttered smiles she's a fish
smile the smile diet
Oh traffic Oh traffic so I'm heading
into them Porsche well it's not really a
dealership it's like a service and
official service thing in Cork and I'm
gonna see if they have the roof rack you
know what I eat the roof rack it's like
the little bars that run along the top
I've seen them in Chrome and a couple of
the black ones and I was like they're
nice also it's almost time for Christmas
tree and I was like well I gotta get her
before we get to Christmas because I
don't want to put the Christmas tree in
the inside of the car that's if we get a
real Christmas tree Anna is convincing
me slowly but winning about getting a
fake Christmas tree because it seems
kind of cool he's taking it out of the
box comes through the decorations
already on it no muss no fuss and then
it's done but it doesn't have to smell I
don't know leave me comments if you have
a fake Christmas tree or a real
Christmas tree convince me either way
okay
Oh
tasty food patch our homemade tasty
focaccia
hold on rat from homemade package put
into home oven so technically it's kind
of homemade sorry
hmm do I get a plate oh I did nice is
it's so wintery out there look the rain
the darkness the lights so wintry oh
look I don't think you see the time this
is over there 11 it's 11 degrees out
there I think we should get our
Christmas tree ninis I know we're always
in so fast
it's so like dark and cold and
everywhere everywhere else seems to be
all Christmassy huh leave comments is
one we should get our Christmas tree the
air to better normally we get it on the
8th you know it's like the the 8th to
the 8th is kinda like the holy thing
that you do my mom did that so I just
kind of go by that but um maybe you
should get an earlier we're by December
1st things for mommy how you doing now
you didn't initially be G PPP's alright
wait some toothpaste oh my god
toothpaste review seriously where is it
where's that amazing new place oh my god
3d white guys to stuff wait which one
brilliant or enamel artists this is
brilliant seriously it is like I don't
know if anyone's noticed that like my
teeth are usually quite white but you
started using it didn't you
yeah and you said you should try it and
it definitely makes a huge difference
now mania I want you to be honest which
one's your favorite which one do you
love which one do you want to marry huh
come on be honest tell me which one you
love but we just we just put this in
here for you or decorate your your thing
with one direction where is it
I don't know where it is who is
you like that is there anything wrong in
there I cook me baby you and I kind of
like strut kind of yeah okay makes you
feel that way right where is my friend
the green stuff the green stuff where is
it
oh no Liam's will go over here Droid
always has one
oh yeah Lloyd oh nice
he got my enough really mm-hmm oh he
gave me chicken well got nothing chicken
with this guy
I just can't you cannot walk past the
buy one get one free and not buy one and
get one free
ah stinky man was it golden crisp
this golden biscuit crunch whoa frost
fancies said it in the Christmas ones
but they just completely ignored your
feet what the all winter ones are the
Harlan's that is so unfair
can we get to know at a protest what our
name I'm not into white pink so okay
just I don't know if it's like vanilla
or something I think there might be at
another one this is what I love cock
commish
snow stars ah he looks fun i like i like
saying flake cake plate cake wash the
heck is this Lamas dropsy no idea
they are both under some of the yarn
cheesy llamas barbecued nutless let's
just go let's just find Amoz I don't no
idea what they are
oh my goodness look at the traffic out
there tonight
oh no it's like mental isn't it it's
that and it's so dark and rainy which
makes it like 10 million times worse and
that's of course that's the cue for
black ops oh my god imagine although
it's rainy and cold and tired and I have
a baby a beautiful wife and loads of
tasty food I don't know I'm gonna go to
the midnight opening this year here are
my crazy friends it's not it's like from
my point of view when geophys is oh look
at him his stalker again oh no he's gone
he's disappeared Oh God
I'm being eaten oh yeah I was but it's
shaking all over the place cuz these
crazy monsters new beliefs newbies
newbies hello
Nevaeh navei I didn't even know her name
until a few days ago because I noticed
that she wasn't reacting to her name and
I was like oh no then I realize she's
probably the one that I call the least
yeah yeah Theo knows his name really
well
Bianca definitely knows her name newbies
that's right good girl newbies I knew
these free and then Nevaeh
Nevaeh good girl so I taught her her
name cuz now she reacts her name hey
Theo I see a door
oh and people were like how do you how
do you know your dogs like which one is
which probably it's easy but that's
obvious because we live with them and
you know javis took him a while to get
Nevaeh and new visa there they look very
similar but now
now sometimes he it gets it mixed up but
only if they're like you can only see
half of them or the back of them or
something but I always know Bianca
because here's how you can tell
yeah she's the one who's like and she
also has the worst tears changer because
she hasn't washed in face yet knows
where the smush didn't nose her nose is
very short her face is very like squishy
and she hasn't under bite see show them
you're under bite
yeah there we go Theo also has an under
bite Theo is easy to tell as well
because he has he's the biggest and the
fattest Theo deal yeah good boy who's a
good boy
yeah who's a good boy I'll be the
perfect quality because he's like a
really high top-end Maltese like he's
from a really good line of breeding and
his parents were show dogs and stuff so
he's like that perfect Maltese although
he only has one night so I guess he's
not perfect anymore but he's perfect to
me and then Nevaeh is the one that looks
the most like Albie so she is really
like a perfect like look at her face she
just she's probably technically the
cutest because she's just she's perfect
and everything away that right Nevaeh
Nevaeh's also the first puppy that
learned to get up on the couch and she
is obsessed with Albie she has like she
just can't leave him alone she's always
at him she's always looking at him he's
just obsessed with him so that's her
funny little quirks newbies she's the
smallest of all the puppies she's also
the latest she weighs like nothing she
also has a little pink eye clear show
your little pink eye see her like water
Lydon area I don't notice a very beauty
guru kind of expression but her
waterline is pink instead of black see
she is teeny tiny but she and
he's usually pretty like a well-behaved
dog she is very well-behaved but if you
cross her she will mess you up
look she gets really angry of you cross
her so you get if you ever hear like
that's newbies are actually amazing
sweet chili baked by the llamas I
seriously they're actually they go me
they're like they're like little little
biscuit and almost like crackers I
supposed they were really good like the
taste is really good I've seen comments
in the blogs like for ages even when
amelia was that pregnant no and I was
pregnant about seeing Bambino picked on
bro yovan me cuz I this is little jofi
little baby Joe feat I'm gonna see if I
can find a baby pictures what I'm gonna
see if I have anything or in the same
age as amelia is now let's check look
that's me when I was there I have no
idea how all of us at a pretty young oh
my gosh my brofist look good let me know
oh yeah there's there this Ruth there's
Simon and there's me don't you just yeah
you definitely do look that's a jokey
look like I think I was a bad 17 that's
me when I was 17 this me is 17 and
kokanee 17 this is me when I was about
20 just you know a music video shoot
things these are kind of mixed up all
over the place trying to find the
younger ones though oh goodness no look
at jofi oh my god
long leather jacket this is my first
apartment I think I was about 17 or 18
when I lived in my first apartment and
uh my god spiky hair and everything that
was during my I am my dancing days oh
goodness no um there's Joe fee there
that's one of my swimming days I don't
quite look like that anymore
mmm try my baby ones though he's got a
little bit older on his Jill fee winning
is in primary school I'm talking about
I'm like he's a turd person yeah
we're like this is me on top of the
Empire State
that's Wall Street that's West Point the
military base the United Nations this
here don't look at this right this look
that's the Twin Towers when I was on
that I'm not sure which tower it was
it's whatever terror you're actually
able to get up to but it's not
incredible at those that building
doesn't exist anymore
and I was standing up 19 I was 1993 top
of the World Trade Center of ten
Manhattan but didn't specify which
no this is specify which one but it's
not crazy to actually like you know one
like a media it's gonna grow up in a
world where she didn't even notice
existed this there that's me when I was
in the moon there baby one yeah it's a
bit dark though I know can't really see
this is when I used to be in the Navy
that's on the intrepid which M I think
it's still in New York but I didn't get
the fire that that day
that's my 21st birthday party
oh my god I'm such a poser I'm a night
look I was wearing a trash top that was
like 10 times too small for me I think I
was on some bad just something look at
the cutter oh goodness no I was the
first time I fired a gun which actually
looks like I just fired it look is the
pin just popped back I think that was a
Beretta I'm not really sure
probably not my greatest haircut concept
idea but I was getting ducks that day oh
my God look at my hair like here's more
of a Kimmy this one is in a cage dancing
and stuff like my my mesh top Oh
jokes look at this we used to do this
thing when we're driving across Europe
under bikes you get kind of bored so
this is called a Superman where you just
kind of like put your feet up and you
just like hang along
little jokey little jokey huh
let's GOP where Oh see that's how am i
short and so it started with the shorts
hmm
yo P oh my goodness look there's Anna
you see I think that really looks like
you know ya know what
all right look there's me during my
christening okay and there's Anna oh
goodness that really looks like a media
but that kind of looks like a media - oh
my goodness which one am I so alike here
there we are again how does the gang is
my dad hey it kind of look like you know
it's weird well yeah that's jovi like i
don't know if you guys saw that
yesterday I tweeted Instagram Facebook
this but look there's Kofi and Anna and
we are the same age we bought about six
months old they're obviously Amelie it's
not six months old yet but who do you
think she looks more like isn't it so
cute though
I know little Joffe hello leave your
comments below
tonight guys we're going with Thai green
curry courtesy of Lloyd himself popped
over whipped it up place it in a jar
sealed it up and went home seriously
freshly made today Oh going with our
whole wheat noodles the blue dragon how
would you like the blue dragon and the
one do you think the holy ones aren't
fun but they actually are hello hello
hello lashing
another little trick I don't know if you
guys do this Oh fill this with a little
bit of water stick back on the lid give
it a shake I'll piss it off
and then just sort of get that like all
most of the stuff cause you always get
left it so much yeah sometimes um
sometimes I mix this in and then I make
it together or sometimes in today I'm
going not to do that
going knock - oh really okay let's pop
it in here whoa
steamy situation whoo let's get not here
and finally that's a minute she cloning
it in the middle Madson the sauce on the
outside maybe put a bit more in that
fertility because me now is not really
into the ciccone in there we have it
Oh me it's so tasty
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
