hi how are you pleased to meet you yeah
okay shake hands with me thank you
there once was a boy called Judy Rudi
Perry who lived on Saint Johns Road well
he spotted dick did his bird poop dip
and he looked like an ugly toad Oh Joely
Rollie pollie was disgraced by his sight
all the people on his road were a mother
hens day so he packed up his bags and he
hopped far away till he found the smelly
pond and he decided to stay that is
actually a project an animated project I
actually did for my party called on my
final major project in university Maya
be a I think it's not my jealousy Julie
channel I don't know
I'll try actually reupload it for you
guys it's really funny it was based on
me cuz I didn't see John's road in
Moscow in Bournemouth when I was in
University myself and I actually helped
with that coming up with that little air
I'm Ridley Ryan and I spent a little boy
called Julia really Polly who ate spun a
dick which I love it's like this Sam
Brenner putting on sultanas and stuff
it's so YUM I it's mainly in the UK get
it isn't that right miss to get in
Sainsbury's all the time
in there right so we try to always tell
her that little story is I like a little
nursery rhyme because it's about your
dad and your mom don't care
mmm feel as though my slipper is it oh
yeah fYI a little update no sign into
slippers no sign of the slippers the
slippers have just gone they're gone
forever
oh she's really sad cuz I like those
slippers I have to get you out you know
I really like and I hate to know but you
don't know it's like massive big like
gorilla one do you wanna like big
gorillas and stupid things like that I
love them it's so much fun they so much
fun
hmm there is the last day without the
Internet's in our life we're getting
internet tomorrow huh you excited you
excited for the Internet
it's even note the Internet is do you
even know do you even know Willy give
you okay changing because we're gonna go
over to my stylist up
for the people's hmm is that what we're
gonna do
he said what we're gonna do yeah it's a
little look oh look she's wearing a
little sleep suit think we should watch
this all right let's get you changed
nobody tell Hema but I'm stealing her
cup I figure if she's not in the country
does that you can do about it I know and
watches the blogs you earned it you can
say tell me not dr. Drago right now
right now no you don't want me to you
can tell me this out she even bought you
a cup is it I know I used to be going
now yeah I've outgrown there so we're
all having a an iPhone conversation ha
ha one person Amelia I mean she has an
iPad she's I so we found this app called
grocery smart and what you can do is
that you can sync the two phones
together so when I'm at shopping and I
don't wants to add something to the list
I think it'll update automatically oh my
god we can't take things away and sar
just like willy-nilly just like the cash
right to change things around all the
time we like but I yeah leave comments
if you use the a grocery smart so my mom
made these amazing pumpkin muffins
they're so good
Oh God I'm just smelling they smell like
freshly baked pumpkin muffins no they
smell so good and she used because
herein are any that you can't buy canned
pumpkin I know Americans are gonna be
like what but yeah you can't back buy
canned pumpkin here and it used to
really annoy my mom every this time of
year every year I ran Thanksgiving
Halloween because so many recipes call
for canned pumpkin and you just can't
get it here you can't even get pumpkins
here in Ireland
unless it's Halloween like obviously if
you know somebody that
has a pumpkin patch or a pumpkin farm or
something that's fine but like I'm
talking in Tesco and places like that
they don't sell pumpkins
your random or even like seasonally it's
only just one time it's just like the
week or two weeks before Halloween
that's it so she ordered canned pumpkin
from Amazon she's from Amazon and um
yeah that's how she got to make her
that's why she's been making a lot of
pumpkin things recently but they're so
good I really has two months old today
here's such a big girl and uh my best
friend's mom was just here who's also
she's like she's not even like she's
like an aunt more so than a friend but
you know what I mean like I've known her
my whole life
she was just here and um my best friend
her daughter lives in well she used to
live in Holland i banished her before it
but anyways she doesn't live in Ireland
and she just had a baby as well but her
baby is five months and we were just
talking about like Christmastime her
baby and my baby will meet for the first
time but it's so funny how when you're a
baby the age gap is like so huge like
there's a huge difference between a
three month old and a six month old
which is what they'll be at that time so
I just asked to Twitter Facebook people
a riddle and my two friends here are
struggling and so is the media but she's
underboob so we forgive her
listen answer below okay you throw away
the outside then you cook the inside
then you eat the outside and you trow
away the inside if you google it
the fun is room so don't go good she
begins to leave a comment of your best
guess what that is don't google it
because you know you just ruin fun on
yourself but see if you can leave your
best guess as to what that is
throw away the outside cook the inside
eat the outside throw away the inside
where are you ha there you are there you
are where are you yeah you are
yes you are little shnookums who snuck
up in the world
security center stuck them in the world
yes you who hard you want to pop out you
want to pop out you want to pop her out
for an hour point to the game of cricket
do you want to play cricket to the point
I love you I love you so much
hmm let's get you changed what was that
right hi cha this is what Johnson does
he collects dirty nappies fabulous
anyway Johnny this this is what Anna
does she gives things to the dog Oh No
how terrible of me anyway hello there
business partner hi how are you pleased
to meet you
yeah okay shake hands with me thank you
are we going an adventure it didn't even
come out of my mouth properly everything
a little adventure we're good an
adventure
mmm we're going to venture yank a navy
I would like to stay mm-hmm this is a
bad idea
carry on then are you talk okay do you
guys like Bianca's voice by the way it's
pretty creepy Oh
but anyways here's my idea okay I have
this great idea of how we can test out
the new card because the reason why we
bought a big car in the first place what
are you doing is so that we could fit
all of our crazy large family in it so
we have not actually tests driven the
car with the whole family in it yet so I
thought what would be what better way to
test drive it then to bring all the pups
on for
our little midnight adventure which
isn't actually midnight at all it's like
hot bus ticks it seems like midnight
because it's really really dark outside
and it's freezing cold so Patsey new
news one of the cool things about the
old Porsche right is that when you buy
them they give you like a years warranty
but it's like an interior warranty also
so if the dogs rip up all the leather
seats we get new ones that's what I
happened for okay but just to prevent
any of that oh my god waters are very
low yeah crap okay I better fill the
waters but what I was gonna say is that
we have this right here at that blanket
so I'm just gonna put that down
just just in case just in case anybody
vomits anywhere okay this is gonna be a
crazy idea
it also comes with this look which is
kind of cool it's built in so it's kind
of like a gate it's just kind of cool
thing gonna take this out
and we're gonna put this down it's a
little bit of coverage just in case
because I really like the carpet in this
thinking okay let's go hey guys
okay you ready ready
you gotta go back you gotta go back very
go back
the adventure
oh it's too dark I can't see anyone
anyway barely would we go punch lights
good dog just lie down there go to sleep
oh when we going to town
I know it's very dark but you can kind
of see them they seem happy they seem
like you know they're not complaining
because they have a lot of space in
there ya have a nice bling it's really
secure yeah I mean you know they could
do is like a car bed or something that
is well like yeah but let's see now that
we're all lit up you know why do you
anything they just seem very content
dogs huh
you can probably get some travel water
device or something that I cannot see
you at all okay so what do you want
check out my spot huh
right inside look with your party I can
you zoom in play it done with the writer
zoom and eat it you're there on the
phone get off that phone and make my
pizza huh what are you doing get out I'm
gonna make my pizza like we can watch
him go in mm-hmm
so that's total stalker doing this
though oh my god do think he'll catch us
catch us in the act
let's watch Joffe is like stalkers oh my
god
people can probably see in oh I know
that with tinted windows but still
imagine people looking at me and saw
this girl just holding a camera and like
filming this guy through window this is
so creepy okay there he is
hi all you guys can see here oh my god
it smells like dog in here they got
their pizza
I've been seen are getting very excited
tofu jokes jofi jokes is such a hottie
mm-hmm okay let's back up a little bit
daddy there he is
it's snowing
what yeah it looks like it's snowing are
you serious oh my god it does oh my god
okay guys we got num-nums yes yes no no
there's no room for these guys oh my
little munchkins hey munchkins did you
have fun in that
did you have fun it yeah okay let's go
nobody jump okay don't jump off your
back for you tree tempers thank you say
best thing to do we're the same person a
is get yourself some eight o'clock
coffee trolley roller it's a good time
yeah just try to roll up in over here me
getting a trolley run up in under
dolloping it seems like a nice little
tasty lump oh hey look coffee
my accent ranges all-time enjoy my
coffee this is reflected on the pop-up
Arneson
de Cordoba crow bar you don't weigh the
changes me the cubby hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
