and we're really gorgeous subscribe and
me too
morning morning anemia hello hello miss
full of smiles in the morning time spot
I someone has a new morning time yes you
are hiding and he just did the morning
change didn't he yeah yeah oh girl in
the world
maybe commas Tommy I'm the kids going
around okay thanks if you live in
Ireland don't forget to vote today even
though you won't see this till tomorrow
this is were voting for the statement of
information but referendum relating to
children you've been asked about the
proposal to amend the Constitution
including the decoration article range
children Post article written new lien
there's all this malarkey stuff give
that no read and give it an old host for
the old kids because they can't vote so
we have to vote for them
any general sorry amazing I look the way
that thing turns on oh so much I never
turned the laptop on and off you ever
get that I like I put it on Stan Mike
because I work on something then I put
on standby and they go off and then it
come back and I I put it off because it
might you just lift it up and it turns
on and then just close it and it goes
sleepies I'll do that for like weeks or
something and then I'll kind of think
this enough to know what a boot at that
computer or even turned it off because
um yeah it's this thing here this is how
I know it because I actually have to put
in my username and my password and
that's how I remember and I very rarely
have to do that because I very rarely
even turn that thing off
you do that too
ooh second last day to play this it's
all gonna be blackout Romani black ops -
just like a whole different game in 3d I
know I keep going on about it but it's
like I wanna write a black ops 2 NER the
treaties probably advantage like way
more right it's probably one of the
first games I shouldn't commit and I
feel that in full 3d cheese and a my
singing I can what I might do is I'm
once you get the internet and stuff I
might add for you guys my PSN I have a
couple of PSN use names I have one
called AB geophys I think Joffe is
something or Judge OFI or edge office I
think it is on the PSN and I think which
is we should totally like it some zombie
games do some co-op stuff are so you
know as the community I was even saying
it - yeah Ricky Richards maybe like he
can get a group of his like subscribers
against my subscribers over X I know
he's picking up as well I don't know
we're gonna have fun hey no it's get you
a little add yeah what's up what's up
huh what's up buttercup you're gonna put
the stock on we're gonna bring everybody
out at the same time because we want to
nip out the King sale so we figure if we
walk everyone at the same time it'll be
a good plan won't it would it be a good
friend might be a crazy plan that it
might be a crazy plan but it might be a
good plan all right let's get let's get
you stuff a fight oh my goodness we try
to walk the six dogs together
it was a scare was a design let's never
do that again and our lives around the
corner we met one of our neighbors but
her first time was so embarrassing she's
like Oh welcome to the neighborhood say
what I can't hear you over there
monsters weird because usually it's two
usually we just have two and two and two
you know and people are just see us and
they see us with two dogs they think we
have two dogs because they all look
identical and that would have been fine
but no Jonathan had to keep walking so
he couldn't even talk to her need to
keep walking because his we're all going
insane and then mine Rocko they just
can't and they're so calm usually when
they're on their own it's just it's
impossible I can't give them the
individual attention all the leads get
tangled up
I get wrapped around with leaves and I
can't I trip or way around away he'll
run away I think I can predict the
future because that was my dream
remember I have been having this
recurring nightmare that it's not always
the same thing like it's not always
exactly the same but it's the same idea
that the dogs get lost or stolen or they
run away on a walk or just something
where like I have to run after the
puppies and there's too many of them and
I can't get them all and they get run
over by cars or lost or kidnapped or
whatever and this is recurring just like
nightmare no matter what the situation
that's always the end is that like they
get
they get lost like they run away and it
happened today but it happened but it
okay he was home and safe enough yeah
we've got the it was fine
but he ran he I somehow his lead got out
of my cuz I was holding like foreign
beads because we're not doing splitters
anymore and he is leave just shot out of
my hand
and he kept warning and I had to run
after him but he was way ahead of me and
Jonathan can't run can't stop the
stalker carrier what a meanie I thought
I I just honestly just wanted to like
sit down and just cry I was just so in
good thing as I look there's not a lot
of houses where we are so there's no
real traffic or anything yeah I thank
God there was no like cars or anything
but oh my god he just thought it was a
game
he just that's why I really want to get
a trainer to teach us how to get them to
to stay I think stay is the most
important thing you can ever teach a
lebih has it Xena
kind of has it like I have like full
recall without it yeah do whatever I say
whereas Sina there's still a little bit
like if she saw a rat or something she
would just run
she wouldn't listen to you so that
really I think that's probably why I've
been having those dreams because I'm
just anxious that that's going to happen
and then today it kind of happened but
luckily we were everything was safe and
everything turned out well but yeah
we're never doing that again
we just did that because we were called
for time we're like let's just take six
them they're so well behaved on their
own no never again
I love the drive the Kinsale that's so
beautiful that's the good thing about
this car look how high up we are
we get such manner of use but look at
the trees look at the way the trees kind
of fall down over the road and the light
hits them it's so beautiful
let's just take a moment just take a
moment there you know take forget about
all your problems you having a bad day
put it all to the side just look at this
road we call this the happiness Road
welcome welcome to the happiness road
welcome to Kinsale and it's so beautiful
well if you just keeps getting better
whoa the beautiful view just improved
Wow I don't want to go to fishy fishy
it's the cold what's kind of an outside
place Chmura when we went that place you
went to
I can't remember Eric who's got pancakes
who's all wife all the waiters that is
not only went with OMA yeah no no no
this was like we did a kind of a
luncheon zoomy Erika I think everybody
be there as well
I never Erika's got pancakes but then do
their kitchen was closed remember so she
couldn't get her pancakes I made a whole
thing about it a joke in the vlogs their
big wooden table lemon yeah something my
lemons I don't know it was down one of
the side streets
oh yeah we do for a second I was like
there in the Beamer I was like oh god no
I put them in here imagine all right
let's go parking is some I didn't buy a
ridiculous amount I only got like two in
hours that's all you can kind of buy
these two hours no God on that 911 huh
we should have parked beside the other
guy over there got a 911 could get Ike
in the Porsche gang like hey buddy
what's up
that's right that's what I'm good next
one Simon learns to drive I'm trading
this in for a 911 you get you to the
line dad look at the view Amelia it's so
beautiful here whatever you like if I
can settle it's like it's like a small
little sort of town you know it's really
cool isn't it give me some comments if
you actually are live here if you're a
Concilium can save leonian what do you
call them okay can Kim Taylor a sailor
like a Christmas shop okay it's not that
way the stroller is actually we found it
it was called lemon leaf we're close
though we got the lemon part right yeah
did you put the a pie
all right guys so what do you want even
a comment for know we'll probably never
deliver to you what did I get last time
why is there we spicy chicken you
chicken Guzman's red peppers I should
probably get that the peppers being that
I own a plan I should probably get the
peppers you got I did there which is
wide awake what are you getting I got
the one already
I got the votes per scanner and as I
have another watching it's outrageous
ever since that that place closed down
the Douglas and then you guys go to the
new place in Douglas for co-pays cards
amicus amicus's garland Elvis produced a
new I drove passage this morning and has
a purple flame to it then you guys being
there drop me a review maybe we should
go there as a public service I think you
may be trippin
yummy yummy yummy warm chicken salad
pine nuts but you know this is what you
want I'm so hungry I'm gonna eat all of
this much brightening an Instagram first
standard problem Jason's beard I've
never eaten in my life
okay no joke okay normally I leave like
crust or I find something to leave I
have every single pine nuts at the pine
nuts
I had everything the stalks of that I
was amazing
it was really really good so I figured
it's the back and review the main course
is that good you you got to get the
cakes and nibbles you just got it what
are you gonna get there's been a few pie
I know so when they're like huh that
right anemia Oh knees I'm torn between a
lemon cheesecake or the apple and
cinnamon muffin with a seasonal crumble
got a copy of the long sweet butter
lemon meringue and a cheesecake
chocolate mocha cake and lemon juice or
slice
visit I'm gonna get badly oh my god you
gotta think of the production value of
your food oh boy that's just that's just
such a slowly rise up this thing yeah
what's his cream or something we need to
do comparison check really I'm always
looking for excuses to dry places now oh
yeah oh yeah
you guys are going you should treat me
something boys right now just dropping
everything no matter it doesn't matter
what if you watch this 2001 this matter
go down smash open the window if you
liked okay joke he's happening seriously
you won't get it wrong so if you are in
kinsale you have to go to lemon leaf
it's amazing
tastes so good you want the cabinet
thank you
that's
the things
you shouldn't make a room like this the
big pink thing
nice speculator seen order appreciate
the sparkles speculum anticipate anyone
what's this I'm afraid of breaking her
ah that's fitzy Vega that's 12 to 18
years maybe maybe that's what I put in
the prize we'll put a bit of Kinsale in
there little bit can sail it does seem
that the premises of the people want
stuff that's from Ireland doesn't it as
it seems like most people are saying
like you know something that you can
only get an are tender oh my good look
I've just realized something like this
thing here is for your sake else beer
Sonny's isn't that really cool whoops
what's this button do it open his own
box and I was like oh my god it's got my
Sonny Haller happy pleased to meet you
I love you oh you're crazy I'm the devil
incarnate didn't know that have fun it
means this is our hearing mr. Semler
here who's the happy dougie
he's a happy laughing that's my baby oh
yeah yeah you're part of me there hello
my name is Xena I had five puppies I
don't know why suddenly I'm on YouTube
nobody ever asks me why I put my boy on
you exactly what's it gonna be called
yeah
people babe stunner maybe and I gonna
get loads of subscribers and then you
know what's gonna happen and convince
them taught the products to review and
if we doing sponsored videos and I won't
tell any of you because you talk could
be reviewing the dog food and tell me
yes great it's crap even when it's crap
yogoro it's due time to get your vote on
time to get you what's going on down
there
there were a bit of a football match
going on there lads go on the ones nerve
fluorescent vest I'm off alone to France
and best we offer flats and vests
personal it's a bit of a character lads
oh come on are you trying to get down
have a game all right that's gonna find
a good parking spot ER king/cal king
spot I'll try to get one there front so
we can be a quick exit all right you see
everyone here right now they care about
children everywhere didn't come here
today just did obviously just don't care
about children don't know really wants a
pasta dinner so I said okay new plan
I'm gonna make one up enema
actually but I looked at recipe books
but I was like
I don't really know what I'm doing so
I'm gonna go and make something up out
of my head
it's called a jokey brain dish all right
let's get some chicken Ian's always
Chaconne Ian if you don't have Chacon
Ian a box of Rovers variety pack family
biscuits will do instead of actually
having dinner you can just just go ahead
and eat them chop them up fry them up
we're gonna add this again cuz that was
an amazing thing remember last time I
added the Philadelphia with garlic and
herb oh my god it was amazing so I got
more of it it's ready for two dough's so
I'm gonna see if I can make this for two
instead of four if I have to make it
before then I'm gonna have three how
things
looks tasty that looks tasty now we need
to add my secret ingredient this is a
big secret guys okay no no ever figure
out that my secret ingredient okay I'm
not going to ever tell you what my
secret ingredient is okay
I'll never tell a quick switcheroo
like how much creamier and nicer that is
now and we got the pasta on the go and
we are almost done are we almost done
we're almost done high-five boom nice
and now the dinners made and so I've
made a tasty dinner
I put chicken and put some pasta
I added sauce and some Philadelphia I'll
serve it up I'll eat it down I may even
turn this frown upside down I hope
you've enjoyed this daily vlog I'll see
you tomorrow
roll the ends lay hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's can don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
