uh-huh you know it you know it you're a
cutie little baby and you've gotten that
touched she shake it for the boys and
make them go mushy
come come before the storm are you I've
been made as long as kissy oh my god
your nails what are you doing fighting
my face crazy you up later
bo biter Oh in there are you a kisser
Oh can't use my finger newbies Oh Xena
hi Amy what's right it's craziness
hey Tara get it see that I'll be up
there he grown up the grown ups and
here's the crazy cute are you our
children Abby yeah well c'mon in come on
oh the nose okay I love you too my love
oh my god your nails is a sharp sharp oh
here's a shock to you oh yeah this is
this is this is hoppin a hint in tears
Oh give me here the money mm-hmm money
now I'm gonna lick you like a licking
licking your toes where give mama kisses
with our toe germs give whoa give Rome
kisses give mom kisses spread mom's toe
jam mm-hmm toe jam and bread you're such
a pretty girl Nene's we should go out
together sometime
will you be my girlfriend will you be my
girlfriend you ready oh yeah yeah where
wait a second where are you oh you're
here touch your this one mmm get you mix
up which I know you cuz you're bloody
tear stains yeah oh it's cuz their noses
I know you've got the worst ducts but
ducting problems well cuz her nose is
very squishy yeah squish tinder me yeah
yeah what I think her face is so cute
she is and you know you're a devil spawn
Oh Nicholas so when I scored whoa cuz we
missed the market yesterday so this is
that gave me yeah ha ha and his mom got
this Friday look that's I know and tink
she's got like 15 or 16 and that's a
grandma it's not so cute like she's so
pretty she's just a hottie as always
being a hottie daddy so lucky I married
a hottie it's deadly gonna go win the
lotto ha ha
well yeah we missed yeah we missed the
market yesterday so um salmon pate and
morning growlers owning so um that was
really nice of mommy studies Thanks
we're all up bro zone and what did I see
common yeah me home boom boom boom boom
boom boom coming to carry me yeah yeah
yeah oh yeah uh-huh uh-huh you know it
you know it you're a cutie little baby
and you've got a nice touched she shake
it for the boys and make him go mushy
you're a little baby and you gotta keep
does she
I love you hmm
nabil a minute will you join in a way
out that I walk when are you turning
away out of thing mm-hmm
so I was looking up this morning when I
was kind of taking about this a while
ago and I was trying to find the right
person because I want the higher Cesar
Millan but he's not available currently
in Ireland which is a shame if Cesar
Millan happens to watch my videos I will
pay for your flight and you can stay
here and live with us okay okay but I
don't need you like to their lives
Oh exactly exactly so I found a girl
cork who is similar I'm just trying to
have a conversation here I am trying to
have a conversation here hey yeah we're
gonna swing that anyway she just really
wanted to go to her to swing I couldn't
I couldn't set her at all and I was like
what you want so put her in the swing
and I she's like no maybe she's really I
essentially likes the swing - sometimes
you feel bad isn't like I'm holding you
giving your attention and she's like put
her in the swing so do it yeah so I'm
thinking again man I'm a dog trainer
like I'm not like a puppy classes you
know like an actual person to come for
the thinking come to the house you know
come in as a stranger and watching oz
I've watched 20 dog whisperer we haven't
felt good for a boxset of like beg five
scenes of it and you know I always seem
to do as you could you know he rings the
doorbell he said it reacts he comes in
he watches their behavior and then he
kind of stays for a while just to see
what they do and the way like who's
showing dominance and how do you react
in Albion seeing that you know maybe I
just think I'm sort of I don't think
they need it but I don't think is any
harm you know might make our life's like
it especially having a baby
you know you know what else is crazy
look at that mold he's like I really
wanted to keep this I really like this
but I'm is actually like mold like runny
mold spores in the air so that's that's
not good it's really nice though it's
really pretty but uh I think it's time
to get rid of it city pumpkins are in
there this is going to be my compost
area hmm have I just plop it in nicely
though
there you go can I just blends in
actually make sure looks cool hi series
come on let's go come on see knees
inside the girl energy today when I
bought the iPad I never got a fantasy
and family seats are pretty cool you
know business because it's that one time
when the government actually gives you
money I'm definitely gonna get and then
we're done because every time I don't
get normal seats and I go to my campaign
is always like kind of piracy I'm like
yeah damn it I was to get actually get
that receipt but it son cuz I have to
drop in all the Apple products which
when you take away all of that it all
adds up to like a lot you watch done oh
who has our buggers in there knows who
does Amelia
who's a strong little girl I called
Amelia right ahead Amelia Amelia hello
thanks for smiling at Dad did you give
her feeding good job I'm like I hope
people can't see me I think they can
obviously see you through the front yeah
well you don't notice it no it is super
dark they're designed for breastfeeding
they're breastfeeding option hmm
oh my goodness I think this exact same
shot last night yes we are sitting here
that's what corporates like during the
day remember last night I thought that
Sun looks like during the day and landed
a pope oh oh look you can actually see
it from here
Elysium tallest building in the world TM
I don't know why TM did but I just did I
just I just did I crazy like idk
we got a letter from emily from
newcastle upon tyne
is that how you say it I don't know um
Emily from England and she sent us this
really sweet letter so thank you so much
Emily
Linda Schultz and I just saw her address
she's from Baltimore Maryland that's
where I was born so thank you so much
for your birthday card you know was she
in the wire was I in the wire was she in
the world good police
every time here Baltimore now is the
first thing that comes to my head now
he's like Google really not your wife
who was born there
Goodman Park that's in Edina goes man
how amazing is that out of a pair of
socks and she's oh she's a little monkey
obviously but she's got like an E and
then she even has like you know a little
butterflies and she would put a label at
the back it's so professionally made or
something it's amazing so thank you so
much and then and she's based in Malta
she made this card as well with also
have a quick question yes why do are we
pro popular in Malta yeah I know it's
weird isn't it Toni be from Malta
Zendesk oh so thank you so much for the
sock monkey she is so cute and Amelia
well she's right now but I'm sure I
melee up will love her when she's awake
one of my favorite things
his car is funnily enough the sound of
it and you just
I love you guys can appreciate that it's
a v8 Oh 4.5 liter petrol this is about 5
miles per gallon to particular but does
sound of it's like yeah yeah by the way
it is a boy's conversation the girls can
just look away for a moment you know
open up a new tab Google handbags
foundation whatever it is you guys do
but take a moment for the boys here
oh ho I had I edit Ekati separate and it
was that desmos DC v8 you know it's so
manual like the inline fours are you
know they sound lovely high pitch you
know bought the yacht and these I'm
she's like manual Wow I just get
appreciator you don't and the poor she's
oh boy today even the car is so minor
the ham break is like under here you
gotta like push down is editing and
clift it up as all like clumpy and
chunky and self
ah is ternal
it's so beautiful it's like a symphony
anyone asks we're taking number one
coffee you're gonna be a good girl huh
yeah we didn't get our regular spot in
there so we're hoping we don't have TV
is that a pregnancy job
let's go again insisting yeah what that
looks like
that's kinda I just noticed as if I was
like that's handy used to years ago I
think I even years ago afore you have a
game you think about honest like for
sexy undressing now it's like you know
it's for maternity wear for feeding my
child you know it's like oh right sorry
I kind of kind of past as well so I got
to see it like I can't see my project
having a love affair with a German want
to feel Christmassy on the inside I did
what kind of Christmas England did you
feel kind of Christmasy yeah yeah
Gail it's like snow apparently
apparently it's supposed to snow like
crazy this Christmas all right you guys
can see what am what you need what you
need is one of those guys always on
four-wheel drive oh yeah you know this
snow is coming down
I've been like pressing over hills Oh
see you Saul ha ha ha that's the funny
thing about the Porsche it actually has
one of the best track records for
off-road driving like it's so much
torque but am i well I'm never even I'm
never gonna take this I'm even gonna
take this on a grass verge that lower
offer who would take this car off road I
love this look when you put the key in
Oh never had a car where I had to put
CDs in it okay this thing keeps talking
to me alright what supplies you need
here heating right check heating what
else that's it you like that but nice um
I need 12 pounds of butter 12 pounds of
butter check 15 kilograms of sugar 15
kilograms of sugar butt joint Bianca
12,000 bags of dog food 12,000 bags of
dog food right and dance and bakers
rewards
how many Baker's words 15 15 boxes or
right okay I'm driving it down oh yes I
would like a few top seven peanut butter
please a few tubs of peanut butter
Eddie out what by filippo espera
disappointed I didn't get a bowl this
time next time you up yes because
eardrums and her
morning so I I wasn't the one who caused
the prat oh you never ever caused
problems I was perfect at you shorty
hey lover hater at the same time yeah
fill up a relationship
I never won best friend got anybody
because I'm a very classic - hmm I gotta
get out here for the traffic starts do
you add one and me Leo Emilio
what do you do with that oh so that's a
review well actually in the swing it's
more like that I'm gonna get you
anything okay I'll get you an M change
the cops would appreciate that sixty
chicken platter
oh my goodness imagine would be so much
fun
where are my slippers where are my
slippers
somebody end of you God good
where are my slippers who stole my
slippers you know what you got there
seriously I can't find my slippers
anywhere I've checked everywhere you
don't happen I probably put them
somewhere
it's got heels of easiness what is going
on over here hey everyone you lost it
you lost it where are my slippers
seriously
I checked everywhere originality take it
away I'm sorry if you can't hear me
there's a lot of animals everywhere no I
checked them I don't know what I'm
thinking so they're not here I'm
thinking tio has something to do it
unless you brought them in no turn away
I certainly hope not okay starting check
right besides anything outside No okay
check theater side I kind of hope you
don't want to find him but then I
wouldn't mind knowing where they are
anything I put it somewhere so you
wouldn't eat them you know that deal you
know that deal everyone wants you with
you everyone wants me to send he'll they
BtoB the main prize mm-hmm you wanna go
no dog mm-hmm oh the popcorn didn't work
out too well but it's actually popping I
was just bring it over to out of there
and it's it's actually poppin let's stop
hopping it's just this bad section here
I'll just get rid of the bad section
rule so funny I was bringing her over
and
actually hey bells
my name's Patrick fear bar over Parakh I
appreciate a rover pirate once again
fish oh yeah oops
well sesh who knows dance
hey des hurry glutes what's the sorry I
don't get your get your paws off me lads
hey Matt for you more and more I'm
further pepper first time ever
oh it's walrus edom ever think Oh mother
hello mother hello mother
oh you wanted in yeah telling me what
easy
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be ah
