hi hi I'm from I'm from quark I'm from
the country my first time in the city
hi hi hi how's it going Wow
look at this look at this little terror
here look at her face
remember that yeah remember that face
she is the devil you are the devil on
actually that would mix Albion soon I'd
ever so no she's not the devil spawn she
is the devil herself she is such a
little brat so Josephus is doing the
Rams because when I say the Rams I mean
the Rams of walks
come on crazies come on crazies gotta
bring you guys for a long walk because
um we need to nip up to Dublin for a bit
okay thanks Janka is the only puppy who
barks but she's bright from this
high-pitched shrill Bart and Bianca's
almost like highly strung hyper naughty
of the puppies so she's the one who gets
luck who gets walked she and newbies get
walk blast they're kind of like newbies
is actually fine she's not a bad dog at
all but they just worked well together
so we usually do algae and see not first
and they get a longer walk and then we
do tio and Nevaeh and then we do Bianca
and newbies but we have to keep them to
last because Bianca just is too highly
strung
she just barks the entire time cam down
okay cam down it's not the end of the
world you'll get your walk I promise you
always do Howl's not figured this out
yet I'm hoping with this new routine
that they will just eventually get used
to it and she'll know that her walk is
coming
hi Amelia gonna give mommy a smile when
you shut up
sweetie can you give us a smile I really
you are the bane of my life on our way
to jump so guys before I got any tablet
because I'm gonna do something and I
just want to have a little chat with you
guys grown-up try one of these joke the
jokes okay so stop what you're doing
I want your full attention because I
will have to repeat this conversation
ever again possibly
so I know that a lot of you guys in the
comments write stuff and say something
about us and what you see and what you
don't see and all that and I just want
to clarify one small kind of thing in
our lives and you probably some of you
probably do know this and a lot of you
probably don't
I own a company and one tiny part of
that company which I do is I run all our
YouTube stuff through that company
obviously but the other side of our
company
you guys promised some of you may know
about it the reason I don't talk about
it is what I do is to do with CGI which
is computer-generated imagery my right
Schrader's shaders are what create the
light and how light reacts to surfaces
and computer-generated modeling or
commercials or films or television or
any any broadcasting of any sort of
entertainment well when I work on
projects they're very very strict about
what I do and what I do not share and
because most people I work with know
that I am a public figure in a way
because of YouTube you guys know
everything about our lives so they're
always very strict that I sign a
nondisclosure agreement where I can't
show myself working I can't talk about
myself working before it afterwards you
know like I'm pretty sure you guys have
seen my work I'm pretty sure you've seen
my work it's head there's a lot of its
out there I just I can never really talk
about it and anyone who works in my
field wouldn't know that they're
subjected to the same rules you know and
he kind of think I call that's crap but
that's just part of like you know when I
started doing this about two years ago
you know I descried you from college and
stuff when I came back to her I was
working in studio and then I decided to
try and do full-time and have my own
studio and it's been going really well
turns out turns out jofi is actually
good at something
I know so that's kind of what we've been
doing you know and I think he's been
going really well for us the business
has been growing like that's you know I
don't want people thinking like oh
they're like buying stuff but you know
it's because our business is doing
really well and you know I'm like taking
care of the family and you know we're
growing and stuff like that and I just I
don't want people misunderstanding I
want to keep doing this and I want to
keep doing growing my business but I
want to bring you guys along with it
because I think it's awesome to see how
much growth has happened and you know
that's why I just want to talk about
that because I'm gonna go do something
and I don't want people be like oh my
god like that hell yeah awesome job
awesome job high-five me I fight you
ready wait dude boom yeah normally guys
get pasta today we got in some yeah
maybe it's gonna keep us up online you
give us insomnia my only option was the
salmon salmon tea is like cream cheese
and salmon bagel so yeah cuz I went in I
picked up the rats because I thought
like I was like oh yeah got me usual
them cost a rap it was like acosta
alright almost at DU Bellay know is she
awake
nice nice moves oh my goodness guys the
rainbow is right there oh my god forget
everything forget everything we're going
we're getting the rainbow look it's
right there oh my god
it's right there
oh my goodness yeah if you find a
rainbow in Ireland
it actually has leprechauns and pipe the
gold and bowls of Lucky Charms No
welcome to the m50 m50x oh hell yeah
we're looking for parlors lllll that's
how are we going but that's the egg suit
you guys didn't par miss out hit me up
hit me up hi hi I'm from I'm from Cork
I'm from the country my first time in
the city hi hi hi how's it going Wow
cool guys look it's like a really famous
and historical site in Ireland
he's prison here um what the hell is the
name of it again
Kilmainham coming him jail yeah I
remember going there when I was a kid
doing the tours and everything okay this
doesn't feel right
it is a nice neighborhood but I
definitely feel like I went a wrong way
so I just I just tweeted out a picture
oh I I picked up a car seat
think about the Land Rover guys is that
I know wasn't he pushed in the beige
leather interior and the idea of having
an SUV I was so like I don't really want
to have an SUV you know I don't really
want I want a sports car and that was
like how do you how do you combine a
sports car with an SUV and then I had to
plate a bright idea of the Germans hello
Porsche pan oh my goodness and it's just
inside having a peepees I'm gonna go in
there in a second guys this is why you
work hard this is why you work hard so
you get to have I have won in one of
these cars for about 10 years I never
thought I would get one put your mind at
something to work so hard to really push
yourself and then to reward yourself at
the end of it and this to me has been a
reward that I've been working towards so
long you know and I feel like so happy
and thinking things are getting better
guys you know and I know I don't want I
don't want you guys saying like oh there
we are bragging again it's not that
we're bragging it's that like you know
we have done wit out so many things for
so long we've done without we've tried
to make things work you know but just
you know and then finally after like two
years of me telling Anna trust me
this company is going to work and after
about ten years it finally started to
come true and then I was like okay
you'd be doing where I think for so long
that's like treat ourselves a little bit
you know and oh my goodness things are
gonna get better guys
and so cool it's so cool join us on our
adventure all right this is like
breastfeeding windows cuz look can't
even see you look chunk oh I can't you
look like a little old person in there
Hey hi are you gonna give me a smile
hi hi oh yes Sears don't you those
smiles are so adorable um so we just saw
Shay Carl what we seriously did okay we
didn't but we saw like probably the
Irish version of shake Carl's this guy
looked exactly like him we were like oh
my god it's Jay Carl but Shay Carl when
he used to have a long beard anyway
don't tell a joke jokes but I just
spilled some you can't see with powdered
sugar all over his car there's no car
oops
don't kill me dovey and Amelia has been
very good this car journey considering
like we left the house at half past
12:00 midday 12:00 not midnight and it
is now
like nine half-past nine I think ten to
ten so she's done really well we've had
a few pit stops we've changed her fed
her but she has been really good she's
such an easygoing baby we can take you
anywhere isn't that right did you do a
little spit up one of the projectiles
but up right there look you're so cute
oh look a cork at night huh we're hardly
ever had it nice holy holy mackerel
we're almost home oh my god the tunnel
was closed Chalmette ah Tunnel was cut I
don't know why Jacqueline's tunnel is
being closed someone say me but if you
don't Conoco through the tunnel you have
to go all the way into the city center
which is a pain in the arse and poor
Amelia
maybe I desperately wants to change
Amelia oh yeah you know I thought
we'd make it they didn't it wouldn't
have happened the tunnel hadn't been
closed it was like right after we pulled
away from the petrol station she just
went like in a Porsche Porsche okay new
rule I wonder because you know me this
is also a German car I wonder does that
have the same does it have that same
problem try to BMW to do always do this
problem right I'd be like I'd be like
driving past here and then it would just
like automatically sort of just like
turn in like obviously we're going off
that way what what Oh God Oh
great must be softened by German cars or
something first thing today when you get
a new car
check out the drive true this always
happens and I always gets fish and when
you order fish from McDonald's hardly
anyone ever orders official McDonald's I
mean she asked she's like I'll get me
the fish and I was like I don't know he
knew I was gonna be stuck in the parking
bay with Dubay I never ordered anything
complicated try and get the same thing
that everybody else gets like the
chicken legend that I get it's like
everybody got set so they're always one
handy they always got fries
cheeseburgers like Big Macs all that
kind of stuff but when you go off
peached when you just know you just know
and you're like the fish they're like no
problem sir hope you're not in a rush
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
sneaky club members hey miss Nikki Club
member welcome sneaking other members
don't mind their huge box so as you
noticed it's today what today it's the
morning of today so we wanted to talk
about something we notice that you guys
are awesome did you notice they're
awesome
yep we decided because of your
awesomeness we would like to give you
something give you something amazing
give us something epic for Christmas for
Christmas okay
or make November happy but if the
Christmas themed Christmas team year
we're going to do an incredible amazing
best giveaway you have ever heard of in
your life seriously because you guys are
awesome
it's gonna be a his-and-hers prize so
there's gonna be we haven't decided it's
gonna be one big price for his and one
big price for hers but it's gonna be
prizes for like girls and prizes for
boys as pirates who do you understand
there's different there's a difference
but the thing about the boy and girls
prizes is that the boys won we're gonna
call like the jofi pack yes jockeys
favorites and Anna's favorites yeah and
that's what you couldn't win and it'll
be like a hamper with all my favorite
things and I'll Anna's favorite things
yeah we haven't decided if we're gonna
do like one big pie or loads of you guys
know what you think but I was saying
like I want to do a big one but then
again I want as many of you guys as
possible yeah so I was like what if you
get 10 like ten guys and ten girls then
obviously that's like 20 prizes but
dad's not gonna be like as big so this
is not to give away a video no we're
gonna do the giveaway video or we show
you guys that once we get the stuff yeah
because we
so excited for the prizes and it's gonna
be things that we actually use and you
see in the blogs and you know like for
example court coffee roaster can only be
bought only before here in court you
could win that and myself will be
obviously more girly makeup and blah
blah blah but leave comments in today's
videos so letting us know what prizes
like what things do you see like
obviously don't say like car but just be
whatever it be creative like what do you
see in our blogs or what do we use in
our vlogs that you would like to win and
don't feel greedy when you're writing it
just just be honest you've been like
we're in Ireland Ireland is probably our
smallest amount of viewers are in
Ireland yeah biggest amount of viewers
are in like the US and other country so
what things do you watch in your blood
so you've been watching this for two and
a half years doing and I mean thinking
like what does that taste like what is
that like what does that feel like you
can have it you don't have to be from a
specific country no you can be from
anywhere it's gonna be and it's gonna be
really easy to enter as well so don't
worry you don't have to make a video or
anything like that so just leave
comments let us know and if you will get
shopping for you guys get excited
