hey guys Nevaeh Bianca newbies are all
pregnant together and they're all having
five pups
thanks for your tweets guys I definitely
felt sort of connected in hadia race but
as you can tell Barack Obama has been
reelected some morning is a dog's weight
you know like way earlier than other
mornings and I sit here and it's like
it's a quarter to 8:00 a.m. and I'm like
you know I'm sitting here I'm started
editing and stuff and I'm like well I or
will I just go back to bed
what should I do how goodness and then
seven days a week they don't know about
wait guys then I look at their faces
then I look at your face - you remember
why I put up with Jim hmm
I remember why I put up with you being
here Cina their movies and I'll maybe
not Bianca
maybe now I'm having a sentimental
moment here and you of course what's
going on here Oh Jim come true is this
mm-hmm just you and me hanging out
making out Oh lovely I see you just had
a nice fill of dog food now I can taste
the dog food fantastic that's pretty
fine I'm up I'm up right
coffee coffee coffee so we're gonna
wanted a reveler cuz I'm a second rather
laughs I think it's funny how you know
like in America during that presidential
election how passionate I read to all
you guys comments you know and oh you
know how like so strong opinionated
people who are via like you know Obama
or Romney you know those who like just
so strong you know and I thought it's
funny because in Ireland here you know
whom we have our presidential election
because our president is the figurehead
as well the president is the commander
of the Armed Forces but we're a neutral
country so the point of our president
she's it well keep saying she cuz we had
a female one for ages we have male now
his job is essentially like he's like an
ambassador and envoi for the country but
his main role is that it was our tea
shop which is our prime minister ever
decides to maintain power and become a
dictator the president can order the
Armed Forces to martial law and take
back the city so it's very very
different our political system is very
similar to the English which is very
similar to the German which is very
similar to the French very similar to
Italian I think a lot of maybe European
democracy is all based off I actually
don't know which who came up with the
concept but I think it's all similar
what is wrong Bianca why do you always
have to be the one to cause problems
it's like everybody else is perfectly
capable
sitting in the back nice and quiet I'm
just a freak out
she is so hilarious she's like hi
Theodore okay okay I've got newbies on
me Nevaeh's beside me
I've got Theodore and then we've got
crazy crazy behind gallery and then
we've got this little piggy oh look at
this little piggy she's wearing her babe
stop and I got her from Germany yeah it
is from Germany right I think ya know
cuz she went to Holland recently saw a
bit of music but we are all going to the
groomers even me I actually need to go
to my groomers my hair my hairdresser
hello hello what's innie
you have no idea look what's happened
huh you're just like chillin relaxin hey
guys where's the oh okay
you're gonna be good doggies y'all gonna
be good
uh-uh-uh-uh Bianca
there we go that's this stuff isn't it
you can't let this stop isn't it huh
what I know she is a strong who the song
little baby car Oh me yeah Oh YUM
okay I'm just gonna cast you aside and
eat my soup do you feel good about that
would you like some soup Apple oh yeah
apple turn up on potato noise noise
isn't that noise isn't that noise isn't
that noise it's always such a challenge
trying to always like some persons food
goes cold when the others minds the baby
it's usually the process now take a
bagel dip it in the soup and hope it
doesn't drip on your baby and burn her
coming up with a plan see when the dogs
aren't at home and they're off being
kind of taken care of by someone else
there's no reason to go home
but no home anytime we want so we
decided to go crazy
all right Amelia you're gonna shop till
you drop
Alex are you asleep oh what a beautiful
summer sunny day this is actually
sunnier and then it was during the
height of summer yeah and actually
probably look really pretty today
I love the beats with the I got hot mom
hey hot mom it's my hot mom I know
you're not my hat mom my hot wife I
think it's because if you keep calling
me Dad she'll call me Dad yeah you know
where as you keep calling me jofi yeah
yeah yeah could you call me by name I
actually when I grew up I had a mama
John I never had a dad I had a John and
now we always just call him John because
never called him dad
you know it's kind of odd another day
another letter
oh no it's closed Jonah walk around
downstairs and walk all the rounds yeah
you know the one near the cinema yeah it
was like we're never gonna get out it's
gonna take up too much space where do
they go behind the tree
like you put candles in them light them
up do they hang from something
but then wrong color will be black
here's our front doors black road has
one thing oh we were just one it's one
big large one what are you doing
nothing
so when anna watches on youtube what did
you say which one she had in something
you know and it's going looking for it
then
hae-won's visit
outer lip glass Oh
carny best if you stay asleep right
about now okay
go read your storybook that's her story
what she likes to read that from time to
time don't you
what does it say attention make sure to
turn off air bites
oh that's it in about 20 different
languages well that's not a very
interesting story isn't my smallest
baigan world yes so you know that is it
thank you bye Mama's off shopping then
he's out shopping
shopping will just wander around from a
lowly one there and here honey hmm let's
go for a drive let's go for a walk just
you and me I know I feel the same way
about makeup shopping nice can she wear
dresses ya know well you know the big
dinner party we should totally get her a
little dress for us Simon every year my
family have this like on my mom's side
I'm just like really big at Christmas
dinner and last year my sister brought
her new baby and two years before that
Moroder wrought his new baby and this
year it's our turn Nene's it's us hello
last year we were like he was the first
year we were like oh the new married
couple and I actually made a joke or
like carnac I made the joke to rig the
bet was like she said something about
our Christmas card and I was like oh
next year it'll be one more or something
like yeah yeah yeah baby and she was
like what I think we had Xena I didn't I
really had seen it Christmas before that
each year we add one yeah it seems with
this year will be the guys did the new
babies I was saying to actually my aunt
I was like I don't need to like build an
extension it has to fit all of us
because we keep expanding oh my god look
they got rid of faker the faker guy he's
gone he was my friend used to we used to
fake things together
really no there's no point though you
can't change it all the time and because
I said that yeah but for like a special
occasion it's not practical to do it
every single day Ellery what about this
nice little bit of little army
camouflage they argue thank you
let's see Vega is here Erik oh my god
where is that won't get that for
Christmas now for Christmas day before
the Christmas party
Alma's gonna meet her for the first day
first time before then yeah that makes
sense
we should probably buy a couple of them
because you'll probably destroy them
before you can get there if your child
is a professor or some sort of lecture
you can get her get them these ones with
a tweed jacket a lumberjack yeah my
child's gonna be a professor so I'm
gonna get him these clothes oh space
boots look at the little birdie you
better hurry up before the cats come Oh
does another one oh I missed that one
isn't it so cute okay tiny it is
we should talk we were talking about
this today where we should totally get
like a bird feeder we don't have a bird
feeder in the house we should totally
got a bird feeder they're so cute
oh my god I love music so freakin much
there is nothing out there in the world
that'll make you so happy
that'll make you so sad that'll make you
so emotional that'll just cognitively
move you and every single element of
your life every the greatest days of my
life there's a song for the saddest days
in my life there's a song Craig music
it's just the best ever isn't it gotta
love music
see ya donkeys are who is who huh who is
you
oh it's alright it's alright
all right everyone all right everyone
huh how's everyone doing back there
how's everyone doing you're so cute he's
so cute do you hear what you said next
time you're getting a haircut huh your
first haircut guys djenka always such a
little crybaby he's early
I'm sure that's super comfortable but
unfortunately you have to go over there
with your sister okay now let's go home
let's go to mommy we're going to mommy
makeover to mommy yeah go girl line over
there
oh yeah yeah look how cute my little
bees are Oh Richie peace wait a minute
she pees oh they're so cute hi three
doing we book them back in for like a
month time so they're all getting a
haircut because the pups don't get their
hair their hair is cut yet because they
still have their puppy hair did she say
he has his adult hair next time no yeah
I know he's like a puffball
oh no look see see how he wants to hump
her again because she's been washed yeah
it's so weird yeah we need to get yes
yes
finish me neutered or else give me a
video we're like hey guys Nevaeh yank at
newbies are all pregnant together and
they're all having five pups you're just
like monkey like rabbits yeah we're just
like multiplying emojis can you imagine
so having a
family Friday on a Wednesday which is a
Thursday for you so almost works out so
we're going to cook porridge pasta and
poo Turkey frozen turkey frozen turkeys
the best kind of treasure
now really a fan of the old you know
these wasn't fun
I like these Seagal we're here to pass
the person
yeah
is that it's it's spinach 100 down it
spinach this one this one
Trustin jokey jokey says this one well
then get a penny get a Snorri penny
yes squiggles if you know if you're not
man enough to use these damn know what
it is huh
just admit it just admit it you're
afraid submitted
look like scoop okay I can do that
oh yeah okay we're gonna be this one
boom
Heidi yo and she's so cute thank you so
cute and white and fluffy
who's he white fluffy duty oh yeah and
it's out of hair
oh you becoming a big boy big boy Pete
Oh roll overs for dad you're so cute you
know that you know you're so good you
know you're so cute you missed your yes
you are
mm-hmm I got a cook dinner Oh God tasty
tasty tasty like I kind of made a turkey
pizza it's kind of like a turkey pizza
mm-hmm take it flip it
oh now that this is nicely browned we
move on to the peppers all right who
wants to go first yeah this is not meat
and chicken pepper is hevene added
then having the garlic and horribly
Philadelphia sort of mix that in taste
it taste it anyway you're in Italian
Italians are natural pasta tasters wrong
matter oh let me tell anything huh it's
like when I when I pick up a potato I
can just tell it's wrong I just pick up
there I'm like that's a raw potato you
know when I pick up mashed potato
I can tell mashed potatoes cooked okay
so I understand I don't have no idea
what that Tibet looks young doesn't it
yummy
it's a saucy smell of it you know put it
back over cook faster not that an Irish
person is telling an Italian person had
to cook pasta you know put it put the
lid on it's probably there's so little
water leave comments put the lid on take
the lid off this whole Italian Oh
buongiorno ow
it's so cute aren't they oh I love the
smell and B smell lies like CK one for
pups does it smell so good you guys
smell so good I guess soft they are
isn't it first it where's the bear no
well your ancestors bear some part of
him is a bear it's throwing all of this
give it a good old mixing it a good mix
oh YUM
are you guys looking for huh I'm now
serving time you like my ladle it's pink
so I wink you guys enjoying it and what
she's yet oh they are gonna be filthy
yank Athena the heat your filthy faces
wait as I get one two three four five
six I don't think there's enough room
for everyone take one and pass it on Oh
No someone's too excited yeah hey huh
you okay oh you put a plate over there
as well I didn't know the plate is um
all right get that done put it back in
the calendar when you're finished hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
