she's not scared at all not scared at
all she's my Lobster yeah I just loves
the word hold on tight hold on tight for
God
good morning good morning didn't you
from it's the Internet of the world
where everybody's celebrating life today
we're hanging about for just finished
school
we've just got home from work and
swimming in the pool
nothing busted so head let's get a new
vlog jeez jokey-joke brother blogger
news last night
my dad's like brilliant I go Jess white
swimmer last time I was here too had one
to twenty left but they stopped making
him a while ago but I really liked it
you 20 I know I got the ones then to me
and that the brand new one but I didn't
like the audio wanted to change the
audio this the sensors were really good
but I didn't need the audio is kind of
different and then I didn't want
something that was kind of different
than what I have so that's all I'll hold
our breath and find out if there's one
left for jofi because I like my mic the
t20 it's like my favourite of all this
letter is not important but it's fun to
close things
oh my goodness Christmas trees already
getting crispy since we got in earlier
aviary
goodness look I think the only one they
have is a silver one the only one left
to display one oh well I need it I never
had a server block oh that's gonna be
like she had one in a display case and
when she went back to find a boxer she
had another one so I ended up buying
both of them there we go the last two in
existence of the hs2 20s I got the boat
in silver well they only had said once
I've not had a silver one before I've
always had like the black one but that's
it the last two in existence if I can
get six months out of them that means
I'll have a year's worth of cameras
there so yay but if I don't we're gonna
have to move on to something else
afterwards because all the new cannons
he just they don't come out you know I
want the widest lens obviously so you
guys can see the most if they're gonna
be like vlogging like this like I'm
using a 50 millimeter lens there's a 20
formula and so it's nice and spacious
you know you feel like we're not too
close together you know it's like whoa
jofi get out of my space let's go here
we are in the new one look at all this
stuff I got with it
Digital X's leather pouches and like
cards and free pins which I'll never
every years this one here it seems to
have lasted longer than arresting them
and here is it's not even well it's kind
of damaged although you know the only
paint always comes off it may because
I'm using a sever one now it won't
actually matter so much I really thought
this was gonna last like it's it's
something last long at all stupid little
button thing I don't have a warrant here
I go maybe stay in the back but let's
see what happens they stopped making
them you know so it's time to do one of
the one fun tasks of owning a Dougie's
or only a dog is not that bad
only six while out of a herd of wild
animals is okay guys
it's a let's remove the poopoo is no
pause hmm and you guys want to come over
and help they'll be great
hey there one of those days I'm just so
tired I didn't sleep at all last night I
don't think no was it her I remember
waking up defeated drink this for video
what do you do how do you quench
someone's chest yeah you drink them or
you feed them yeah I didn't feed them I
drank them I know but I didn't drink
them trying to quote it dad you for a
bit are you snuffling yeah hello hello
she's trained she knows always look into
the camera
Amelia I'm over here do you love them
more than me I just
okay okay okay
my little beautiful I said hello my
little beautiful my little Petey Petey
Petey Petey beautiful girl girl girl
hello hello hello hello dream close up
close up Oh
excuse you
why what's happening what's happening oh
excuse you Nevaeh
dan your pop what are you doing oh my
goodness are you eating their faces are
you eating here but this are you eating
here but this oh no I'm just having a
quick lunch before heading out this is a
chickpea Moroccan chickpea soup the
organic just food one they're actually
really good um I have my food dr.
Pillai's well I don't have a plates I'm
lazy but yeah we're just having well I'm
just having quick lunch go facade his
earlier there's Joe face over there but
I've had a really slow day cuz I
honestly I just could not sleep last
night and then I was just so it was such
a bad input having a filmy style nine
videos yeah she pooped all over her
chair which you can see the swing and
then she projectile vomited on dofus
this morning they're filling my top down
on my breasts true my cleavage
you got something look she's getting way
too big for that it's crazy
she's gonna outgrow all her zero to
three things anyways and then she
projectile vomited all over me too and I
was just gonna do an outfit of the day
for my Friday video and um yeah you're
definitely am having an explosive day oh
my goodness I'm so tired
two of us like we're broken I think you
just I don't know I just think he builds
up every now and again and just gets you
today like are you definitely have
postpartum depression
definitely
Oh like if you don't get any sleep it
just puts your it puts your whole day
out of why I know that's what it is
they're like yeah so my stuff like yeah
I don't know like how this happened
though and I have a build up to the
point where last night or maybe the
night before maybe it's a few nights or
something yeah I think it might be an
extra nation but then when then what
happens you get one night or you got a
little sleep or something and then it'll
be fine again you guys like some dogs
okay just I like I'll be and Cena
they're great Yankee oh yeah they're
great fun we have a lot why didn't you
tell us why didn't you say jofi you're
having a baby
you should keep the puppies yeah I
thought I I thought I thought I'd come
in readers ever
we're like breeders that just don't ever
sell their dog I like this one okay the
Kosovo duck had my first Christmas ever
we actually should probably get her with
it because all gonna get so much we're
gonna overdue on Christmas no no but can
she breathe
I know Amelia hello Amelia what
or their PJs you wanna get bigger you
can fill them out with sweets
okay I would like some
they go right
No
but all right no it's this way this way
but you forgot loungewear what it does
no I like I have so many t-shirts and
stuff it's just a they're not those and
stuff different color and it's so unfair
look at the girls ones you get little
booties and everything
that's not fair I want the fruit I want
the booties Sunday sofa day
ooh pillow talk ooh with diamonds
diamond pillow talk
yeah I got you know be cool or Snuggies
is this the most pointer of your life
just let me know
because it's one point of my life
I was thinking that
well then we'll go to hate when we drop
the dogs off tomorrow we can tip over to
her shop and get some of the boob top
ones ok PME nuit and bottoms don't
matter about breastfeeding you don't
need a matching ones it doesn't matter
with with like pajamas
seriously now where is popcorn the
copper popcorn although not popcorn
yesterday was really good
the air-popped ones both of these Perry
it's just they're so small aren't they
tell us the only downsides in there was
like one handful you know did he do a
big one a big one here
he said maybe but like that they were
just too small
you got eight packs for like oh they're
gone they're gone you know let me come
to the best popcorn in the world ever
and I should purchase it what's over me
like weird I like where this is going
toughy
just you know I'm surprised that they
don't have a big pack of the peri one
but they're really good but they're just
a packs were like so small at least
today act
it is actually a nightmare eating in
general with the dogs is a nightmare
penis
winners and who was I think was the
mayor so it was like sitting on my
shoulder and trying to intercept me and
newbies as I was putting him here she
was trying to like get them and let me
get that
let me get that I was very tired that
makes you want to be like I wanna like
get like ten boxes of like chili bring
those oh I don't want to get everything
that has at least 500 calories
proportionate like big cocktail sausages
over at the sausage place they're like
freshly deep-fried cocktails on cue and
then I want to order like a 30-inch
wagon in the world extra cheese pizza
and like
Aloha
that's not I don't think that fits into
my schedule I have a plan
yeah snore great it's gonna go home and
a popcorn and dream about it look it got
hit 1ls I'll be like Jodie Santi that's
me
never thought we'd ever be out of these
I'm actually finally run out of them
these are the best ones though just lots
of different types of ones Johnson's
Jensen's Tesco Taylor days are so cool
we write these and since you mean yeah
oh oh are you gonna wake up okay
fucker she needs it she needs it just
know that her like she needs oh my god
the Hello Kitty Princess House it lights
up
look try me accompany the staircase
lights up
it's kinda like a piano and everything
in there what's that one what was
different only way that's the front of
it oh maybe that one works yeah
that's crap yes yeah the ranch Street
bad-looking what happened there
hey no no we can't hasn't somebody
invented the retractable trolleys yet
that's my question that's my question to
the team oh oh yeah look a little suits
for the drive phone all right good luck
trees that's so cool
it's almost Christmas pajama party
pajama party see what pajama party dance
but you have a party party do do do do
do do but your party oh it's a pajama
party dance what you guys think my PJs
whoo I got some soft tart and pence and
you can't really see but they're
lavender and gray and pink and white and
then I got this top which is fitting but
it's okay because it's a pajama party so
you're supposed to be up like slap jeans
stuff you know like cool like a home dog
you know you know what I'm saying okay I
need to get my this is awesome just Oh
actually my dress and going on because
it's a bit too cold for just
for just PJ's at the moment oh yeah and
I picked up a foundation yes no they do
for yesterday no Sunday what every day
was I picked up some double way and I
wanted it in the shady part earth darker
later because I've stopped now that it's
like winter time I've stopped wearing
fake tan so I wanted something that
would match my skin tone because I've I
wanted to go a bit lighter now that I've
stopped using the self-tanner
so um she put it on my hand and
everything and she tested it and it was
perfect like it matched my skin
perfectly
bbbbb baby and next thing come on guys
stop stop stop stop
Nathaniel stop next thing I know I come
home and I open it off and I hadn't even
listened to her like when she was
testing it out on me because I was too
preoccupied it's like Amelia and just
everything else like I wasn't like
really looking at the color or anything
so I didn't even take note of what it
was but when I got home I looked at the
color on the box that she gave me so I
love John the box and I noticed cuz I
used to work for Estee Lauder I noticed
though the shade was pebble and I was
like pebble pebble is freakin dark like
I mean it's not dark dark but I remember
because I remember my shade when I
worked for Estee Lauder a camera the
exact name but it was a shade lighter
than pebble and my mom was pebbles my
mom was darker than me because she was
more times than me and I used to always
use that one on her when she came in to
get her makeup anyway so I was like why
this this isn't right and I test it on
my hand and look see it doesn't match at
all so I'm wearing it right now because
she freaking sold it to me but this
isn't the one that she had tried on me
so I I think she gave me the wrong one
it looks okay on right now but it's not
exact so I'm really annoyed about it
because it's so frickin expensive and I
don't know if I can return it like I
know that a lot of people on YouTube
return makeup and stuff I
personally I've never returned like
foundation and stuff like that because I
just feel like I opened it already you
know it's remember in the old place I
used to be able to do things twist
things and turn things and press buttons
and some hmm what oh my god is that
Nikon dying oh I can't remember D Oh
camera what I press oh my god oh joy Wow
are you ready for showers huh
you ready push our time with dad yes you
are cuz you know it's coming you know
what's going yeah exciting exciting she
loves it she loves it she knows what's
gonna happen
let's go oh sweet like dad know it says
mom I told you to put the dad top on you
guys gonna see me Mia and her scary time
okay
with your water she's not scared at all
not scared at all
she loves to yeah I just love the one
hold on tight hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
