now I feel like I shouldn't have nursed
her in the in Acosta cop I feel like the
horse makes it thinner me like dirty or
something like oh you didn't use a
nursing station
good morning Internet viewers how are
you today is anybody from New York back
on the show I heard like there's this
still like over a million homes without
electricity in around New York State oh
my goodness that is so terrible and it's
like so cold
well actually I don't know how cold it
is in New York but it's so cold and no
electricity obviously means no heating
so hope you guys are okay you got some
sleeping bags some hot water blankets
we miss you leave me comment if you're
from New York State feels kind of lonely
here without you guys
so it's Monday for us but it's Tuesday
for you guys which means it's the big
voting day
woo hoo hoo what's gonna happen I'm on I
probably stay up on all right I don't
have the television installed yet so I
cannot maybe oh I know I don't have the
internet it-it's like oh no somebody
tweet me as it's happening live tweet me
or something
ACK Jonathan Jolie is my twitter handler
pick me up and let me know what's going
on so I can am so I can feel sort of
connected to it because I do enjoy you
know watching the M they're all when
they're tallying up all the votes in two
different states and they can get like
it's actually really exciting it's kind
of a fun thing you know but this year
unfortunately won't be able to
participate
oh no focus okay she's so cozy right
beside the radiator oh hi you're so
pretty
that's a pretty kitty it's a pretty big
gig who is it really Kerry huh huh she
pretty kitty huh pleased to meet you
buddy kitty
hello good morning good morning
yeah swing time swing time what's your
head there in a veil did you had that
event which old do you're gonna get
we're over
you cut it off with you come put it over
deal don't run over the oh sorry got to
make a phone call
what do you think my bones would say dad
whatever huh how cool is that when your
MacBook is turned off you can still
charge the phone well it's turned off
that's amazing somebody should tell
somebody about that point
oh you put it on back to front
what oh no you didn't sorry sorry there
you go where's wally she looks like wave
it a bit you really did she's so cute
you're looking at ear black pants
they're fancy I got her this hat
yesterday actually I never showed you
guys what I got her in the pumpkin patch
so I got her this hat it was buy one get
one 50% look at this you just look at
this yeah I mean seriously I got her two
of these these are PJs they're so cute
they've got a little bear on them and
they've got heart it's all on the back
and they have no feet because I was just
gonna get her three to six cuz she's
growing out of a lot of zeros three
months items so I'm just gonna get it
off but then I just realized they were
so long they're for like really long
babies so and she's not long because
look at her parents to be honest we're
not very long either
very short two of them 1 3 to 6 and 1 0
to 3 so she can wear some them now so
she wore them last night that was so
cute I got her some tights some red
tights because she has a dress um it's a
pinky red but that's the kind of red I
was looking for because she has this
dress but zero to three and she hasn't
worn it yet and it was a really nice
it's a jonrosh a dress from her uncle
Joe kisses brother and his wife and it's
really really cute I don't want it to
like waste you know so I wanted to get
her tights for it and I'm yeah and the
Hat which I'm taking back so you look so
cute oh my god her hats making that will
you just stop please stop stop stop stop
I know javis probably wasn't good idea
to put her on the ground all the puppies
are trying to get into her car seat no
no no no no scene that's okay
Cena's okay Cena's pretty well-behaved
she knows her boundaries but the pups
are like Oh Bianca no no oh it's so cold
as many nice stuff
did you fit into this now are you ready
for that kind of a commitment Nina go to
sandy I didn't have to go hungry so I
just paid off the black ops balance
excited are you that was two years ago
yeah we kiddo but this year because game
store has closed down in points well
everywhere so now it's gonna be like
huge you know what I'll just taking me
in the end to stop you and go up and
keel over you're right just go up and
queue up yeah you know what Amelia
yeah yeah okay babies come up the front
now elderly people love you in the queue
with them look at it give me comedy from
guys aren't getting into black ops huh
there you go pink up open up open up
he's so cute
he does like gets ugly wide isn't it
that's all you wanna do you just wanted
to sit here cute you gotta feed her but
if she comes down he's nothing
what just happened there was an
explosion yeah good morning yeah you
guys a little over a change
she's so cute just looking around like
what the hell is going on okay I cannot
steer and this is really hard how do you
do this breakfast it's not a bribe when
do you learn to drive you there blog at
the same time yeah so we're in the
nursing and nursing area looks good
shares yeah now I feel like I shouldn't
have nursed her in the encaustic cop I
feel like oh my god makes it's an irony
like dirty or something like oh you
didn't do some nursing station okay
alright I've actually never done this I
know I come in here I mean I have
changed changed her isn't it Oh God
mommy was prepared
yeah because that's why I carried her
all the way here because once it once it
happens we've got this cute vest look
how cute this is from a Norwegian
subscriber luigia yes it looks like I
like it because it looks like a leotard
you know for when you're doing ballet
it's a long sleeve one because it's so
cold and then I have her little cute as
Bambi onesie with the matching hat so
cute
that's from Disney and then we've got
this hat too if she wants but I think
we'll go with the matching one matching
thought is better
isn't that right Amelia ballerina I go
to do my parrot they can't wait for you
to do ballet
yes you are right I think it's time to
get new flowers because we just realized
that I was ever in that kitchen cause
the one who sent me the intro
yeah it's just quite a while ago at this
stage I think it's time to move on
let them go fake horns jeah if you get
stabbed by a fake torn
do you believe fake blood see we're
gonna do a Christmas one but I feel like
it's too early so we're kind of doing
like a Thanksgiving anyone maybe no I'm
just forget some of like the grass the
fake grass as well I think you have to
do a contacted number of stuff that's no
that's huge
it didn't have a diameter of lengthen it
this is the same one here 168 by 229 t29
that's like my height well that's with
229 immediate needs that in her life
like taking it you can you like do like
this he's so big yeah ready sniffers
they are slippers Oh both defeat I was
like are they slippers for Giants my
name is teal you can still see oh here's
my brother this I think it's a hug a
hugger a pillow pal look what they
invented
cannot believe they did that Nene's open
they've gone and done its what order is
in the chocolate
if combined to my favorite things I know
oh my god I thought Emilia was combining
two of my favorite things you and myself
but they've done that they've done it
even one step up in popcorn Amenia
appear to have the top line I don't have
the better the tato popcorn Fletcher or
the Perry air-popped oh well let's see
let's deal
I got knowing Emmys look at the coffee
mana cost a coffee company you can
actually buy cost a coffee we have to
cast the cops should we get this ground
coffee ten seven Wow why she tends
homeworks more expensive it's good
Senate in 11 out of 10 that's a sparkly
it's like mom's singing that oh it's not
the war that's just to think a lot all
of it was sparkling yummy cupcake get it
there's a couple hundred oh what's that
thing is that one of those little things
that Peter on Southern Fried O's I'd
like a sleep sack if I do get a fig tree
I wanted to look like this no not that
this that is kind of kid if we get that
for like the front look at this one here
you go it's cool again you know hmm hey
look it's me
is it gnome okay make sense
it's tricky to maneuver around here yeah
yeah it kind of looks like that huh
welcome back with kitchen about the
beaming back crazy jobs back me one you
asked for it
only the freest of free-range fresh
free-range fresh foot fresh free from
and you guys live in what's up alright
the smell of cooked chicken hmm Limerick
chicken oh yeah
it's curious to see what a limerick
chicken tastes like huh all my Limerick
peoples in the house there
we only really have to pot options it's
like this giant pot or this tiny teeny
pot hmm
do what I use oh this is the current
vlog camera and I have no idea what this
means nuts as they say no one bats adult
oh crap
alright guess we're back to do all them
here till I pick up another one anyway
look what I made mmm which one which one
you want Nene's mm-hmm I don't know
which one actually trying to give you
two more veg to paly one all right give
me this one this one okay I put anything
over there all right calm down monsters
you want a fork as well what do you
think this is the Hilton hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
