mr. naughty I don't know how could I
know
top of the mornin to you Kanha sitar -
huh he made AMA arrest harsh a fruit
harvest joke Sebulba
I'm told what's up peoples of the world
can I get a hell yeah thank you thank
you very much for that I appreciate that
I appreciate that deep down in my soul
deep down in my soul it's plenty of you
actually speak ask well yeah there's
only a very very very very very small
amount of people that will understand it
we have a lie tell your story a little a
little a squirrel yeah
Sidhu Fodor as Chuck IV o most amazing
opportunity others what if me she saw my
center thickness of Honduras
you jealous actually
thumbs are better though Jerris
re-energize you now I'm gonna go to
Jerusalem kids apparently the bunny
you know the bunny with the drumkit that
never ends but they don't have to run
out again well okay yes it's definitely
gonna run out again but if I get the
last as long as possible with this it's
very annoying whatever war we depend on
that speak so much it's like a lifesaver
how's the goddamn almost I'll add a
Microsoft Express but it's kind of pink
males because the trackpad on the
laptops brokens I think they're kind of
used to sedate the trackpad it's still
raining we made it we made it I also
scored some you're linking chicken soup
I got some butternut squash these
batteries mice matter is nice and all
things nice let's go to mama star lights
Nevada or well I not I thought the bug I
don't know maybe I maybe I'll play it
cool today you know
the zebra broke the thing open all right
it's good batteries and soup bad or a
reason soup battery-powered soup
you guys know battery-powered soup hold
it was really poignant put your pinky
this morning was like my my tower of
Apple I have a tower
I'm wearing my birthday stars not my mom
got me mm-hmm and today I'm gonna say
something serious today is actually my
dad's birthday and he would have been 74
is what are you for yeah which i think
is still young yeah to shame
I was his birthday present huh how many
Joe fizzes does it take to fix a
lightbulb
don't be the Joker's Jovi jokes okay be
honest does that look okay does not look
like an upside down lamp no it kind of
works kind of a movie Nouveau yeah we
live in like an upside-down topsy-turvy
world your reflection way hits the
mirror which is like a reflection of
itself upside down mm-hmm you don't
understand that obviously it's just
beyond you you know it's a metaphor
there's so much stuff that's in my in
the spare room that needs to be just
like folded and put away like sweats and
like pajamas and underwear and socks and
just things that like you know they need
to be they don't need to be hung they
just need to be folded in a drawer
somewhere so I think the dresser would
be good also for like your underwear and
socks and everything cuz they can't
really stay and not anything well this
this is new for me I've never had one of
these I know
lean over and put things on it really
hey that's okay oh yeah we're living in
a super
luxury world got a bedside table in my
house thanks for doing that I think it
looks good oh you want might want to put
the bulb in now no how would I know
those very scary you press the right
button yeah it's the right button it's
just a switch there's no buttons
involved huh oh no no it's crooked
no it's crooked what you made it crooked
dofus my toes new paving I know it's
lights up the roof it's wonderful orange
I don't mean a crooked again it was
perfect
it's a very gentle balance Oh
oh it was so good and now it's all
crooked II that is so unfair it's about
weight distribution oh oh there we go
that's right then don't even joke joke
joke joke thank you so Amelia and I are
going with mom Estella and aka oh ma hey
ka mama to get a is it a blender
mixer or the mixer because I think yeah
I think everybody after watching who
watched my video my cupcake video wanted
to find the influent a new blender or a
new mixer so that's my birthday present
my I know this is also my birthday
present but my mom wanted to get me a
blender or mixer or food processor
processor cuz we don't have like a good
one we just have that old crappy thing
that's not even meant for mixing really
it's kind of meant for blending soups
and stuff but it's a handheld one so
it's not that great but anyways amelia
is hearing she's clashing horribly cuz
her blankie is pink and then she's all
in red she has her I love us a babe on
and I have a change of clothes that is
all pink so but hopefully she won't have
a poo explosion while we're out cuz that
will be oh yeah jack jack of all trades
let's just keep the heating on okay
we'll turn it off and like February it's
so cold oh I think I'm gonna tweet
Facebook you guys what do you guys think
couch day huh cold it's raining it's
dark I feel like I must say here for us
today and toid my friend as we play we
should internet like watch YouTube Oh
stupid alright god Internet so step back
we're just looking at waste and blenders
village this one
I'm getting really confused there's this
waste which I think we're gonna get so I
don't have to waste everything
Oh
and there's this one here oh I can would
so I don't know maybe that one then yeah
is that one to type of lender you know
don't jeepers
don't fall off there all right click the
batteries that were plays no wonder they
died look they were like Daewoo I'm some
iron overhead and they weren't like
energized i anyway let's say let's Jack
these bad boys in here let's get the
party started all right
ok so I'm just in the pharmacy I'm
looking for something for a Mia she has
this little you can't really see it now
she has this little rash and I think he
might be a tumor or something on her
face and it hasn't gone yudish gets a
little rash then it goes away but it
hasn't gone away so I don't really know
what to give her
these are offering nappy rash like I
don't want to put anything on her face
but for the body obviously so and I'm
also getting some Vichy dermablend and
this lipstick Ramone
your age my mom likes it to sum up with
him one now let's test it out
no I am you doing you having this mighty
time I have it as mighty time oh so good
it is so amazing that when you go up to
her and you just kind of stand there and
you get that big smile it's just it just
makes you feel it's the most amazing
feeling in the world it is the best
feeling in the world is that what you
want
give it today yeah yes so cute he just
lifts my heart so much you need my heart
so much do this my heart so much oh if
he doesn't you taking me up like ya do
so much cool hmm you giving her feeding
before you go yeah like I wanted you
what I don't think she's hungry ya know
maybe she is yeah I just I didn't want
to force her teeth sure yeah
force her to eat them all this is just
the most fun ever
this is just the most fun ever it's so
immersive like it's so crazy you need
two glasses you need the glasses to
fully appreciate it
hey did you see that
I think somebody walked past oh it's
going on here what's going on here huh
what's going on here huh we're all
having a loungy couch day nope Oh
Co you too why can't you guys get up
everyone else can get up do you want to
come up there's enough room cuz mom is
not here Co want to come up he's gonna
roll over
he always rolls over do is there roll
over come on come on come on don't panic
oh no all on the bed and the little one
said there's enough room did somebody
roll over I think there's enough room
for everybody
mm-hmm don't put that angel right in I
would never put anything like that in
ever I don't even open up videos to
YouTube squeeze it over this
who's it all much hands
come on we won't tell you this is there
none uh-oh
who take the chicken some pork tears
with me don't even now take cheese don't
think anything
oh sit sit sit anyway here give him a
spoonful of this
Oh YUM Oh bacon GaN gusto to see your
village you know the way you leave him
who's getting wisely as tail I once knew
a dog who lost his ye ye ye tail oh boy
oh my god sorry it's not the right thing
what what wait
it's chewy yummy yummy yummy lashings
our partners in their own wards ferdi
gorgeous gorgeous
medium really makes the piano
so it's a pretty important week we're
about to start in the u.s. you know with
the presidential election coming up and
I was just wondering you know I'm not in
America so um I don't really know what
the mood of the country is like but I do
remember I'm not the last that actually
Obama the one before that when John
Kerry was contesting against George W
and I really thought Georgia John
Kerry's gonna win and I remember staying
up like to about 2:00 or 3:00 in the
morning and and most states will join
her in the next morning woke up and at
your travel use back over here we get a
lot of misinformation and information
that's being passed through different
channels of media and they get a lot of
biased opinion so I don't really know a
lot about the policies reverses the
policies I was just wondering you know
as an American any Americans just give
me some common who you think is gonna
win this presidential election and why
do you think it's gonna win it cuz I
definitely think at the moment any
political change is gonna have a big
effect you know like where you know
where it works sort of coming out of the
massive economical recession and you
know it's a lot of responsibility a lot
needs to be done and so leave me some
comments of your opinions because I
really want to read them you're gonna
vote for Amelia huh are you gonna vote
for
I hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
