turns out it was worse than we talked
folks it was first and we talked a
change is necessary that's why you
always have a change girls honey oh yeah
so I even bring a change of clothes for
myself friend sometimes I have poo
explosions you know you're just walking
in the road and I go god oh god it
happened
birthday happy birthday to you two years
old and you have all these babies you're
such a teen moms ease your mom's
birthday huh mm-hmm
I think mom's gonna bake you a cake
we're gonna have a puppy party you want
to go outside everyone has to be nice to
see that today it's her birthday
yeah yeah it's okay it's dad yeah no no
stretch it out I made the coffee no sure
it has a few moments in there no no no
no who got a birthday card who's got a
birthday card huh today auntie Emma sent
it over from fun oh I know yank and
evening oh okay let's see what it says
it says do your scene that's a happy
birthday girl
happy birthday girl hope you got get
your hair did and get all the treats
iou's from the others lots and lots of
love from auntie em Oh kisses for senior
birthday thank you very much thank you
very much again with her come on
oh no okay okay no Dean I can have it
but you can do what they want missus you
can hold esis you can chew it if you
want I feel like I'm a site surveyor or
a planner or something I'm just say I'm
walking and driving around the area
and then taking pictures and planning at
the dock routes and everything that
because that I used to be a cat5 and
network technician so I understand how
all this stuff works
so I stalking my brother you know and
there then the planning office and so I
was like I can do Taraki I can find it
all he makes elevated this morning
flying duck roots and everything packed
so Keeney goose
your mommy's coming home today and she's
gonna take care of you huh okay I gotta
go I'm a busy day planned
oh what a sunny day all right guys we
are on and the sneak all right
operation sneak sneak
so and I think I'm uploading the video I
did upload the video correction I did
upload oh my goodness Jenny you guys
have the new YouTube that's amazing I
love the future
I love upgrades and implementations and
changes and stuff it's Anna's birthday
tomorrow
whoa Tina's birthday today whoa
it's like a burn a weekend and as always
Joey has a plan Oh Joey how about fun he
does okay thanks I think it's a peck I
think it's jabbing Oh epic lipstick on
him missed M&M it's all so complicated
this week I don't want this in this form
here
because the two shops next feature sale
the same items but a different prices so
always check one price we're into the
next check the other price and then
obviously get the table and then the
trick is to go back to the one that you
want and try negotiated for the cheaper
price on the other story so this is
Argus look 32 gig over and then if you
see one in the same machine you know I'm
gonna try and buy it in PC world but at
this price okay so I got one but am I
was completely wrong the price
difference was because in Argus they had
the new one but it wasn't the Turk
generation one where is the one I bought
actually came out this morning and he
was like it just launched this morning
was like nice love have a new shiny
things so uh yeah hope name is never
appreciated also got a three year
accidental damage warranty because and
is known to dropping and breaking
electronic goods
beautiful music did it
daddy's your entertainer your father
does Entertain You charger yeah like
it's the new charger seem as my
protractor
which is handy because now you'll have
two of the air
two new chargers okay over here little
mrs. Magoo huh
with all your friends on your breath of
a particular isn't that so cool it's
like a keyboard and as far as I know
it likes nuts in like that see so it
fits in so it like works it's seen as
birthday today so jokes
should we not bring Alvey and Cena
I know but bring scene on her own is
kind of like you know II Amelia I'm you
in the back
what say one cuz then you'd have to sit
in the back with everybody will be
picking up my mom and Erica what what
like Jonathan thinks on his car he said
anything see his
like a coupe a or something he's like no
you can only fit two people in our car
because I need to file and Grover mm-hmm
you can only fit two people in my car
I'm like it's thanks rings laughs no
rhymes it's a BMW 3-series there's five
seats in it lies by oompa loompa seats
seriously he thinks that we won't all
fit in that car and there's how many of
us four and then amelia is in her car
seat yeah I think we'll fit there's
never any type half past two
I feel like I've got nothing gotten here
yank I'll put that up get it get it oh
by the way guys um this here take this
for a second well what do you just get
out of her car seat please
so this blankie which geophys hasn't
even put on properly he's gonna miss it
but this blankie can you just hold her
off because they're just going into oh
okay lovely hat look fabulous I wanted
to talk about this because we've got it
talked about it last week and look and
media Thomasina 11th of the night
because I had to find the thing and it's
bespoke baby's coat at UK and they do
handmade and personalized gifts for
babies and children and they just send
it to us willy-nilly wait what's this
for I'll have a nap he's in here by the
way it's so much so my mom just texted
me and we had kind of like headed into
town you know we're gonna go to grab
lunch and get
women by the peel box and then they're
coming in at four and it's three now so
we're just gonna kind of hang out and
then wait till four and then pick her up
but she just texted me and she told me
that the bus driver drove to money call
yes
money call which is in County Offaly I
just discovered and that is the place
where Obama was when he that's the only
reason I knew what it was because I
always thought it was so funny because
it sounds like Johnny called yes money
golf and um my mom said she's she said
thanks she said she thinks he's doing
that now because joe firs had to look it
up on the iphone because somebody handed
him a massive map he had no clue he got
lost and he didn't know where he was or
what he was doing and one of the
passengers had to like give him a map
paper
yeah paper map like I don't think
anybody even haiku girl maps or anything
you know that's broken
but yeah so um that's a disaster so that
probably means that she won't be in by
4:00 because she's so we got the subway
and I mean is being very well behaved
she's just she's hanging out there oh
yeah yeah
subway melt like we went to the big
shopping this is usually pretty empty
around here so I it's usually pretty
empty around here so we just came here
oh she's crying all right come on the
media and let's get out of here don't
forget to put on your seat belt
somebody had a pool explosion in the car
it's up to dad it's dad's turn
alright that's like that alright this is
Joe fees Jovi's technique for changing a
baby in a car this is gonna work
terribly bad
it's about I wonder how bad it is how
about it how about is the explosion my
friend
how bad are we talking okay there's no
leakage go for the blue is there blue
there's blue
I mean it's for real folks yep
turns out it was worse than we talk
folks it was first and we talked a
change is necessary that's why you
always have to change clothes handy oh
yeah
so I even bring a change of clothes for
myself friend sometimes I have poo
explosions you know you're just walking
in the road like oh god oh god it
happened
okay Yogi's yeah and fun you having a
good time
mommy don't see mommy doing this right
now
okay and she put the clothes on okay
thank you put the clothes on okay
zero time for life rolling all over the
place
pleased to meet you pleased to meet you
oh do you wanna learn to drive try keep
driving ago huh
you're so cute you know that do you know
you're so cute do you know you Joe cute
do you know you'd think you'd oh you're
so cute you need to pee can you reach
can you reach the gears
okay can you reach the steering wheel
it's way use your feet to turn okay oh
my gosh yeah my fantasies well I think
I'm covered
I think I'm covered eight eight eight
with these shocking orange slices oh my
god I know these are ones from the UK
right
you guys are deadly you guys have these
and we don't have these and a dandy a
matter of fiendish fancies I have first
my suck we're gonna have a party tonight
thank you guys so much I'm gonna into my
room everyone get one lovely remember
this morning I was out like checking the
docks and and I'm doing reports itself
and I emailed them off there is like
when we left it was like a UPC crew
turned up and it's like oh nice
they're like working in there oh it's I
know what they do are they building a
note or something and then we came home
there's like three buttons now like
loads of people out there like do you
know what I mean working in something I
was like that all happened because Joe
few wants Internet it's so cool oh my
goodness I hope they connected be so
amazing
let me so epic that'll be JEP ik total
traffic's preheat the oven to 180 and
this my friends I can actually do think
we're gonna go with the hearts or should
I do these maybe I'll do these actually
because I've never used them before I'm
using these because there's silicone
they're not so I can take just pop the
cupcakes out I'm gonna call them
pupcakes those are not cupcakes cupcakes
so 1 cup of flour 1 teaspoon of baking
soda mix them together quarter cup of
vegetable oil quarter cup of peanut
butter
they love peanut butter this is why
they're circling me right now what's
that oh it's your cake II just blot that
in there one cup of cube carrots these
are just chopped like carrot batons or
whatever you call them the recipe
actually calls for shredded carrots but
I can
find credit carat so I just cute the
last time and it worked fine winning
teaspoon vanilla essence 1/3 cup of
honey this is super messy sorry guys
it's actually probably gonna end up more
like a half a cup and finally one egg
wonderful egg oh my god I just did that
with one honey I was cool I'm gonna mix
that all together okay so I forgot his
palms make sure our three wives don't
need that which is actually just as well
because I don't want to give them too
much and I think one cup can't eat is
that right keeping that side quick okay
so that's what it looks like I'm gonna
pop this in the oven for about 20
minutes you would do like 40 if it were
a cake okay this is like impossible to
do with one hand right heading into town
pick up these two we dropped off three
we're only getting two back i was on
instagram follow him on instagram this
is Emma's Instagram booth shaky sorry
it's Emmie NASA Kony so M III and a
saucony driving through the city on an
evening Drive it's finally Friday
evening that's being a nice guy look for
a blue bus okay with a little drunk on
the milk weed a little drunk in the milk
your little drunken network and you a
little drunk in the bath
give us a smile give us a smile he's
just she's a drunkard never I'm fun I'm
drunk on milk I'm falling asleep
good night are you ready birthday girl
birthday happy birthday oh my goodness
dripping everywhere can be messy
but ok here you go you go and then eat
hubby you know quickly Oh is my on is
another one yeah
Neely's there's another one there's like
Keats everywhere I think I'll be run off
one oh my goodness puppy party they
realize you can eat the thing as well
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
