Jeffie joke
could you put the curtains up my room
please that sounds like a roaring good
run thank you very much
cheerio mate
it's day 1 of Movember which I do like
I don't do to mow I don't do this - I
like just doing No Shave November kinda
wasn't what are you thinking about it
and then it was Halloween and then
moving and having a baby brother but uh
and then I realize it's mine it's like
oh yeah it's day one hmm
I've I'm kinda starting quite hairy
most people shave yesterday or something
you know but I'm actually quite quite
hairy to start off with so I have 30
days of or 21 days 30 days and certain
type of May and November others oh there
you go so it's 30 days in November so
I'm gonna be pretty hairy at the end of
this you know well she'd do this though
Benjamin it's time to great dads with
beards hashtag I just made that up I'm
gonna tweet that dad's appearance I
challenge you Benjamin challenge Benji
November maybe will does have a whatever
face off a monster participating in the
Movember I'm not a fleshie if at all
know what it is it boils what do you
guys just the complete answer
hello groom dad hello grumpy dad oh now
come on come on oh no this is gonna end
in tears
this is gonna end in tears he they're
jus a hair click wait take Wednesday oh
wait and Movember is over for them oh
well at the moment out of the camera you
see so he gets kind of upset what's this
documentary last night was this
documentary it was about these Sam he's
like millionaire billionaire people in
America he owns like these timeshare
resorts and they were building
Versailles like a replica of Versailles
in flight he was in Orlando Florida
can you guys seen this I think it's
called like queen of Versailles or
something like that it's really
interesting you don't watch like it
started off a he was like so proud and
so like you know
I got George Bush reelected and you know
he was like oh I'm building this like
hundred million dollar home biggest home
in America just because I can he owned
him and then halfway through it I think
that's probably I think the documented
what I read about in anyway was that the
documentary started by him the film crew
wanted this guy was like rebuilding
Versailles in Orlando and then the
recession hit and all his money though
he wasn't like cash money that's the
biggest problem with like property realm
and the people that owned land and stuff
you know in recession hit like the own
cash money there were credit money you
know everything that had was credited
remortgage so when you took all that
away you're actually not left with
anything so some people obviously had
cash money and the cash money businesses
are usually usually keep going because
there's never really assets involved so
you know depending up economic turn it's
not affecting it I'm sorry right
you're all asleep contact wait wait a
second let me let me remedy that all
right welcome back throw the stuff in
the bed throw it all out be nice it's
over
it's over
who stole my slipper
hey kitty cats if I let you in if I let
you in you'll have to leave when I leave
okay do we have an understanding
can we shake on it can we shake on it
like gentlemen we're just two gentlemen
having a gentlemen's agreement no I
don't want to shake your tail Oh Nikolas
if you have a good Halloween did you
have a happy Halloween
did you have a happy Halloween huh
what he's Mick Oh No Oh No
Pippi you stay there Oh No Miffy my
vipers my poopoo mofo you see it appears
we have a bit of a standoff here um I'm
gonna need you to come downstairs okay
how do you feel about that she's not
here good can you catch any pop in your
pop hello hello we're back we're back
once again for the rent oh hello Oreo
you know we have a gentleman's pact
agreement thing going on here Oh
Nicholas you purring like a lot cheaper
no-ho-ho are you rubbing the camera even
infants baby breath huh you're so cute
I'll get your bum on my face you're
bumming on my face mm-hmm
like we want to walk out there hello
Leon are you doing how are you doing oh
hi hi hi
sometimes I think you talk are you
saying words are you saying words are we
laying this way are you saying words hey
chubby cheeks
hey Jeffrey cheeks I'm talking to you
are you saying things say something say
something
oh oh oh Joe Chappell how about your
travel how about about the hotel for
temple temple we just did a changing we
just did a changing video changes yes we
did yes we did you only get that you
want to give daddy a kiss you want to
give that a kiss that's it we're
official or an item even we're an item
hey Tony him I love the smell of the
baby love the smellier I love the
smell yeah we're making some meat is
having her lunch right now she's having
breast dogon Cousteau a few doctor wraps
top tamanna like a tasty sausage turned
off mmm not sure what level to put it on
and what level do you usually put them
on a hundred it only goes one to six
cut open the bagel or whatever you call
it scooping the pronto the con and don't
forget to add the Cousteau yummy yummy
yummy yummy
joke joke joke joke yeah could you put
the curtains up my room please thank you
very much cheerio mate you look great
becoming in that pink and grey well
thank you can you guys do this it's a
job yeah take your be together it's not
you do the first time no I kind of hid
my feet that's differently oh yeah no no
I can do it I can do it I'm like a pro
do it really wear size you can break my
heart my Achy Breaky Heart
I just don't think younger friends whoa
girl you are a ruiner of lives don't
know you love what are you handing me
that oh yeah sorry
try it on as it is yes remove the bulb
what if I had like a really good idea
right now it's not work I'll be good
haven't lit up okay come on kids you
have to walk the dogs I walked in
yesterday on my lonesome
yeah that's cuz you forced me to stay
home and wait for that man I broke my
heart oh my god just hold on anything
there's one card what it's a heart
caught no it's not a big deal
guys stop guys you were supposed to be
looking after Amelia I hope you're doing
a good job
sometimes yeah I think so who is easy
yeah because this is a proper thing that
are listening in there is for a lamp
change you try to put a lampshade for
the house oh my god I want to kill I'll
be right now that's okay
we've got like five replacements turn
the light on see what it's like well
hold on there's one cot can you see it
it's up there no no don't do that you
just have to have to feed it through
yeah I know they just do that for so
that they won't get tangle and weird
there's like one really long one yeah
you know they're not even even ready
whoa yeah it does actually look on the
wall look look why don't worry for you
huh
okay get off my bed get off my bed stop
ruining every oh my god okay I need to
fix that again what I thought what is
this yeah do that until please not join
Tyler Moore Ewok is pink a child's store
we have to get children's Argus right
children oh no no no no no you told me
it was right you can tell you anything I
saw the color I didn't know it was one
of those things no problem we can simply
different room no they all go like that
leave me a comment if you want pink
curtains and I'll send them to you were
you watching the editing process rito is
being crushed
I'm sorry and I realize this comes out
this you got everyone over there with
you oh yeah cuz this is going up on our
birthday to you dear - tomorrow Xena to
- tomorrow five kids five kids
yeah she's already and she's just going
to now Teen Mom we're gonna have a puppy
party yeah and I think I'm gonna make
the cupcakes cupcakes didn't we met is
actually good to pee no sexting with the
peanut butter
chimbure you made them with the peanut
ready yeah you ate them or knows the
Erica ate them yeah didn't they stop I'd
like it was like flour peanut butter it
was just basically like a cake but with
no sugar in it yeah that's all and
before we were always like okay we
wanted to invite people over so I've
even seen a puppy party now we have
enough we have our own fleet of wild
animals and Amelia can come you should
get some party heads we're going apart
oh yeah he's here balloons they like
balloons balloons no helium balloons at
our best because you can't ID him under
the dogs you know you go chase him read
yeah well I know it's good a decade like
50 years yeah in one of the 20 years it
was like 50 euros or 60 or something it
was crazy that's crazy
what this is the last time guys we're
gonna be in this house last time oh yeah
by the way these guys are amazing foods
they're brilliant
absolutely amazing and the old house huh
this is a this is where are we Oh Joe
V's recipes reform Western in the
talkies room hi Jovie
hi Jovie nice room and then here we've
got the bedroom bend your shower and
here we have as all room yeah
oh there we have Hanna herself come on
Nikki Nikki Nikki hi hey get yourself
wet out there get yourself what right
there huh
she keeps stealing hanging around and
ringing 400 smudge Aroo oh hello my name
is Raju
I am the wired the wisest and the oldest
cat here it's muddy sure about anything
to be honest no it really love to go
inside the Bubba doesn't matter how
insanely what are you so smiley about
what are you so smiley about that's
doing the manual swing whoa what's the
convertible can I get in there too there
enough room for all of us is it everyone
of us you guys get your new - okay come
on watch it watch it
okay all right here we go
sorry twisted and stuff yeah definitely
that one let's make it special I think a
bonus one or something
it's a bunch or I leave get
supplies for the birthday party tomorrow
I think we have a six coming over yeah
six dogs and one baby we're trying to
remember yeah no no you're on that one
we're trying to remember what we did a
cake we know it was peanut butter and
Karis I can't remember the rest of it
though could you get it under a Google
machine there was honey oh look at this
Sara's honey with lemon YUM that's not
for a dog though that's for me yeah
let's just be honest it's for dogs so
I'm gonna go with the cheapest one you
do with your little handy cheating
Moochie little hand huh hello hello huh
pour a Tesco uh-huh what are we doing
here
wait none mom that's what we're doing
here huh you wanna you want soap you
want a pizza I'm gonna get you a pizza
huh I'm all this
this is what it's like your point of
view living here familias this is what i
mean it used to be called she's named
that for time Coll guy that's what we
thought you are huh you eatin your hands
we didn't choose a pancake no but we
called her pan cold yeah oh yeah sorry
about that sorry about that
oh sorry about that that was not me that
wasn't that dad no stock rotation who's
this dumb little baby bitch to us wind
no I feel did you figure there's a
stairs there
well I told the stairs who died and I
thought I should probably climb up the
stairs
Oh Amelia's wearing lipstick Oh baby
wears lipstick oh my goodness you
certainly did yeah it's a way of looking
for that's the stuff that's the stuff
why are you suddenly gluing your hand
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because now
