good morning friend and welcome to DIY
day with daddy and Eduardo we have
ordered this hammer and he's going to
bindings in the house
okay not true but you guys remember a
long time ago when we brought this giant
bed into the house so um it's gonna be a
lot of work one part of the bed two part
of the bed the other ones upstairs got
the table little chairs under their bed
stuff here oh no rental you garnish the
amount of stuff garden furniture kitchen
furniture bad babies wives important
things there's so much I got a rug oh my
god there's so much so I might go next
door and ask the boys if you wanna help
me okay something there like I don't
know I like I can't get all that up
instead of actually taking moving your
bed open that it's just dismantle the
entire house you think it is probably
the better option
the bed is wedged friends you know like
pivot pivot okay you're not gonna
believe what we did to get the better
half the house apart today bed must
leave us and I must take apart the house
before all the delivery man Palmer
they're moving man comes outside why the
puzzles I are you not going to help
Betty here oh you want to play you'd
rather played and help daddy is that
boring stuff that he's doing okay look
where anna has just done this is for
Amelia's birthday presents just one of
these in pur present position
oh my goodness beds are here but like oh
well you got a ribbon is up that's good
guys look what I got for you I ordered
especially just for you okay this is
your birthday present guys this is your
last day of summer holidays present what
no it's not just go walking it though
can you pop them is it working oh sorry
go oh yeah maybe next time wired up
that's the run up one and that's the run
down one he's gonna run up one no oh no
what happened yesterday don't touch it
thankfully this bed come to the magic
box and the magic box friends fills the
bed for you it's gonna be amazing the
magic box will you see this it's just
gonna like come alive and build the bed
it's gonna be amazing
oh did you like that there I thought
it'd be handy so we could do like sack
races and things I was gonna I'm turning
the whole start the stairs into a slide
like a slip and slide so in the morning
you just jump in a slip and slide
yeah is that cooler
what oh dear well come on up here let's
go and see what it Wireless soon I think
he's acting the monkey whoa Alessia did
you see what they built a mommy in that
detail
did you see what they built their mommy
a daddy do huh the little box that could
look at this thing lads Oh talk about
dream beds wowzers what it matches your
little dream chair it's so close you
nearly have a full house couple of more
pieces of furniture and bam oh you'll be
able to upgrade that's how it works
we're gonna secure this and no longer
will I have fallen off the bed syndrome
no longer we had three mattresses on top
of each you know what it's not no
compares Joey neato we need now a little
end bet you know no looks so nice love
that like what does that cause the
headrest
that stuff well it's not Alcantar or
anything right what is it but the way
it's like quilted as well like it's like
quilted velvet head rusty thingy
squished together oh my goodness we'll
never have to touch again well the main
thing is there be enough room for the
whole family
what do you think what you think Alessia
I think I throw is too big for it now
the bed is like mostly throw I think I
need to like pull it down a bit
because you can't even see any bed but I
love it oh all the cushions like it
looks so nice watch this watch this
example one
or maybe to give out to me oh we don't
get on the bed not like get on the bed
Yuri later one alligator time per day
here I need to change something I need
this needs to come down a notch it's too
high up
it's like mostly throw do you know what
I mean no you can't just don't it over
because this pit I wouldn't do that
look I wouldn't do that I would want the
tail bit to be showing this vent here
it's a bit underneath it over that's
what I was gonna do right no stop stop
my life leave it it was really nice and
it looks so organized and it just has no
people on it and I just wanted to stay
this way forever I'm so happy with it
though oh my god I love it I think
that's better what'd you think guys I
think that's better okay ready
what do you think a shark do you think
it is it's actually bigger way bigger
guys look this the only thing they mean
short is in like they're like not they
don't eat the tomato do you have to
climb onto the bed deal of it okay
double guys you need to do your task so
daddy's asleep here take a spin pick his
face yeah maybe I get in the middle get
in the middle quickly crazy busy guys we
need to see to the moon bitch all right
Amelia into your position Eduardo into
your positions
into position guys don't look at this
huh
we did it oh we've lost the media it's
not a playground
oh so comfortable I thought let's all
have a little nap now as well do the
slide slide what do you think of the
head for it the media I think they're
most excited by the backboard or
whatever I think is where is it what do
you think what do you think do you think
hmm do you think good I mean yeah I mean
yeah I need a cup of seat oh my goodness
okay so easy and Jonathan have been like
take you the house of car trying to get
this bed down like finally today dude so
long yeah no oh the baby gate probably
should have come on yeah I know I'm
sorry
who's that who's that pretty baby hmm
a boo-boo points be a boo-boo boo-boo
bun then anyway I love our bed so much
oh I love these fans how much do you
supply
oh yeah that was a sweaty moment
watching them do that and I did help a
little bit it looks like I was useless
but I actually did putting her down I
heard some struggling so I went out and
like I'm not sure if I actually helped
at all like my involvement but it is
really heavy so I feel very proud of
both of them for doing that
because it was not easy right it's
bedtime
we're traveling Eduardo clothes off
that's probably best Eduardo to get your
toilet strapped off now check it off
you ready yeah we're gonna check it on
out - did you get your choice chopped
off look what the guys have been doing
they build an entire Lego castle and
world it's so good in media yeah cause
the broken cars down this is a good back
to school tomorrow last day of summer
holidays that's it you did it all right
next
do you have equipment else yeah Oh mommy
get an injection
oh he's getting an injection Maui is the
best to get an injection all right give
her little one there I know
oh she didn't cry oh she's really brave
let's keep that inside you can open it
tomorrow okay so we're just packing it
Wireless lunch for tomorrow I'm very
excited in cuz she's she's getting a
snack look this is hers so she's getting
this lunchbox with a snap these are
great so add Wireless getting a
back-to-school haircut so I said a
mohawk why don't you know what a mohawk
is right it's time it's time it weren't
ins you want hair like Amelia's or like
daddies yeah you're just gonna take off
these little bits of the front is it
yeah so keep it nice and long on top hmm
see just like shave up to here and then
just leave a line here a line here yeah
and then we got some sugar and water
and we like spike it up what those are
the days they so notice that curls
though so nice okay yeah no meet them
definitely like little wave at the top
yeah it's so nice she's right I think
it's not this you can see where it's got
already yeah he loves it down
no you can't play with this is for your
cake this is your cake topper media for
your birthday party right it's my turn
Oh God put a mohawk leave this here like
this penny Omega you wouldn't even know
this the gem got any makeup on hold
facade busy mom now twas the night
before school and all was asleep
Sina Theo Theo was eating the long worm
or the wash machine kids are in bed look
at his though look at this how long has
it been
lunches are packed only for Eduardo
dough Amelia is now she's in big girl
big scarf big school and she had no
longer needs to bring a packed lunch to
school anymore so school lunches for
Amelia are over but Eduardo still needs
a school lunch but everything is packed
everything is ready to go tomorrow we
are back on the school runs friends are
you excited Nevaeh are you excited are
you excited huh like a jerk thing is the
funny thing about school starting is
that it makes like I don't know how to
explain it like any other parents are
there who have children and school look
at it like for some reason the years go
faster like time just goes faster I
think it's because well we now are in
some sort of like we're following like
we know it out like you can school
starts tomorrow morning and the next
break is half term will Toby into the
half term you don't mean and then you do
have to turn him you do Halloween and
then bang it straight and you're
preparing for a Christmas and then
buying it's Christmas and then it's like
New Year's and then it's Jonathan's
birthday and then it's
oh yes your birthday yeah yeah it's
Halloween it's Anna's birthday and it's
30 this year cuz leave comments or twit
me tweet tripped me up trick me
what do you think we should do for
Anna's 30th birthday if you have a mod
at a party you and me
flight will be that go my know what I
don't know what you do and you guys
turning 30 recently or if you got any
ideas for me tweet me or you know
contact me contactless and let me know
you think we should do well yeah that's
all I got you know shooting tomorrow for
day one Ibrahim the cake that is not
chocolate obviously I would never weigh
any trusted a and B added water like yes
Tom vacation I'm like I would never buy
your junk cake
I know these things don't even buy me a
chocolate cake honey melon cake right
the hair you know it's an honor bones I
believe it's my father
today yeah oh that wasn't me now if
you're 30 ruining and I get some grand
Oh cake which would be like made out of
you rather we Kobe could remake the
wedding let's go to Sorrento it's we
make the wedding I never got to eat it
elegant tiny another let's put the kids
to bed oh what's that oh it's already
kid that's you're attacking me today say
goodbye to our friends oh say goodbye
friends I'll see you tomorrow
oh my goodness oh my goodness but thank
you I can have it I hit my boyfriend
thank you for watching today's video
presentation see you tomorrow
