happy Halloween oh my god it's Halloween
finally I have been looking forward to
today for so long I am so excited to
meet all of our neighbors and I hope I
hope that joke jokes did not eat all of
our Halloween stash which has depleted a
lot
it's Halloween did you like the end of
yesterday's blog wasn't that fun cos my
costume which isn't actually a costume
at all I just put on this festive red
skirt I'm wearing black always spooky
you know and then I have on matching red
lipstick which I never wear so I kind of
feel festive you know I'm just leaving
that house the old house and the
cleaners have arrived and they are
getting all ship-shape soup with the
house which is pretty exciting and I
need to rush home because I don't want
the Internet's installation man to come
when I'm up there I was gonna curl my
hair all crazy but then I was like
really I just don't have time anymore I
will drown my hair and make it all nice
and stuff on my birthday I've decided
just when we got everything done just
when the room was nice and clean it's a
mess now well what I'm looking for is
yesterday unbeknownst to you I went and
purchased some garden lights black six
seven a six black solar-powered lights
LED balls it's not so cool
cuz I thought they look really nice
around the front garden and if they look
really nice I might get one for the back
as well what their solar-powered and I
was like they look cool tonight from the
kids come check or treating but I was
like I better get them up early because
the sun's gonna be gone in about maybe
four or five hours so I thought I how
much time they need to charge film my
video for the Starlight which is what I
ate Wednesday this week I'm doing
pumpkin soup because I've decided I'm
gonna make use of the pumpkins that we
made that we've heard isn't it funny
that I was just talking about vampires
and I just make a steak this is like a
solar-powered vampire killer when I look
at but there I am lucky Sula Baba
sugita Bob they're currently outside on
our wall but they look so cool and all
of our neighbors I like to think they
copied us maybe we but we came up with
the idea our selves but everybody has it
now like all the has is on this road
have like the two pumpkins on
their post it's really cool no kind of
cool like that sorry I can't really show
you guys what they look like what they
look kind of cool you know did you just
like light up the garden nicely hmm
I'll see what looks like it my time so I
wanted to make use of the pumpkins the
insights and actually make soup which I
have never done before my mom always
made it she didn't really give me my
didn't really ask she didn't really tell
me what to do or how to do it she was
just like oh you know you just gauge how
much water you need depending on how
much come can you have I'm like yeah
this is a person that's never made
homemade super 4 so that makes no sense
to me so I googled some recipes and
stuff
excuse me lads next thing maracle ball
moisture control plots and places in
rich compost I got this from the other
house because you're doing tuft of hair
sticking up oh she's so cute and we
booked them into the groomers as well
they're actually supposed to be done
well kind of last week well not really
this week but um yeah they were supposed
to be done I assume it yeah they were
supposed to be done last week or this
week sorry but um they're gonna be done
next week instead cuz everything was
just too crazy
Oh big it's already kind of dried out a
little bit so I didn't do this huh I'm
gonna wait longer all right
jam this in here let's get the hardest
I'm also wearing blue gloves mm-hmm oh
look they match the air composter also
they need to be booked in to be neutered
because I've witnessed some humping
going on now the humping has been from
girls so I don't really know what that
means
Bianca it was caught humping vo which
makes no sense so I think they're little
bit confused and I thought one is done
and they made a bit more mess but it's
okay you can sweep it up but yeah I
worked that well hmm
it's guns in the second one but none of
them are going to heat yet so like it's
okay we still have time and stuff but
they need to be done like stat me be
sweet BC BC hey the brush matches the
leeks well that's pretty cool
gonna make sure the garden looks good
kids I'm gonna try and see if I have
enough ingredients and stuff to make my
pumpkin soup and then hopefully if it
goes well you guys can watch the recipe
and me making fool of myself on the
stove it would you watch you like you're
not be change become welcome to me Oh
laughing a puffin she's huffing and
puffing then we're going to thee
everyone's going to see you everyone's
going to see you oh yes they are
oh okay alright it's taking it too far
they're taking it too far someone always
has to take it too far
Yankee Navy being Canadian Canady my mom
Specsavers or whatever like my mom was
like oh my god my porch I was blind hey
you know you watching mom you watching
mom making the I think I think yeah is
it fun is it a funny time huh
are you cooking the seeds or that mush
mush all right you can actually roast
these apparently right most them and you
put like salt and like maybe nuts
whatever yeah and then you can just
snack on them there let me just like
give them out to the kids in moving a
house that has fruit and nut no no come
around where don't spread fast I didn't
need someone to do chocolate I ate the
jelly babies and the skittles and we'll
have to go stock up well as soon as the
internet mountains come we can go check
can't do anything until he comes you're
waiting we'll blame everything on the
internet man cystic collection and stuff
looks like brains I mean I don't know
mate this before him it's good then I'll
make it every year and because my mom
used to do that no everything Amma make
the cheesecake yeah no no I think that
was was canned pumpkin though but what
mom used to actually make a soup every
Halloween we'd have pumpkin soup first
because that was just like a thing what
is cure because you're cutting the thing
out you know so I never and every yeah
Halloween dad wake up the pumpkin
we can help huh you can help that would
you like that you like to help daddy
would you would you like to help father
for sure say father I mean these are
really really important life lessons
okay so what you need to do okay you
need to push up and then can you reach
around and pick that one up because like
we're in the prison now okay
and this things are getting very serious
here alright so you need to know you
know concentrate listen to me now do you
want to beaten by a zombie do you I
don't think you do okay take the
controller okay come on
these are
important lessons daddy they matchmaking
is it is it oh I think it is it's just
so much fun of smiles and laughs these
days huh
you're just such a smiley fun laughs
right huh can you see that plane from
here yeah you're gonna watch you're
gonna watch daddy please games oh yes
you are oh hey Bianca Navy huh
Bianca Navy lesbian your Navy Dylan
what's being nav done oh my goodness -
here it is
did you hear these no your brothers and
sisters are crazy you're innocent this
isn't easy
yeah but isn't this is so crazy your
brothers and sisters are crazy guys
mommy's filming upstairs are you serious
oh my goodness switch the switch on over
there now turn your thing and it'll
light cricked turn it down and then put
it back up oh boy doggies made me run
last - made me run the whole way
yummy
I love the bat oh wait is this not the
poisoner it's very suspicious day.they
Oh pumpkin soup pumpkin okay so you need
to okay watch out oh my goodness worst
news ever right so did you I came up and
they did like line-of-sight tests and
everything and they're like there's no
possibility of getting a signal a line
of sight and signal to the house you
know your honor your options like DSL
and stuff like that and I'm like oh my
goodness
today I found a perfect house but cannot
get the internets connected only I was
in the fiber ring you know which is like
UPC berapa
because your PC promise is by far the
best connection like you pass internet
right there they will give me a hundred
and fifty Meg line of internets
uncongested unlimited broadband 150
digital channels with like DVR which is
like TiVo and stuff on that like phones
and everything so I'm sitting there with
a guy you know we're talking with this I
was like it is so unfair and he's like
he's like you wanna know something even
unfair it's like you see those hands to
cross the road it's a GAD he's like
that's a foggy PC area that's like what
he's like yeah you run a cable from
there to your house you would have a
perfect 100 Meg line connection I was
like ah yeah Oh your brother herbs cuz
my brother is a he's an important man in
the industry and he's like he's like she
told you bro and see if like there's
something he can do here and he's kind
of alright him and I was like oh my god
so this guy's telling me he's like woah
and he was like oh my god so he's gonna
send I'm like yeah an engineer out
tomorrow and see if maybe it's worth
their while doing that to connect jofi
oh my god you're teasing me you're
teasing me so that'll be totally worth
all the crap polite that we've put up
with imagine 100 Meg line I would just
you can just do blog TV all day long
just you could just do anything you like
upload videos like I'm just go god it's
already uploaded oh I was thinking about
uploading your video
let's get so much espada can see you get
some can see you get so much before I
can't see yours hello Nick oh haha oh my
goodness Nikki we should bring you home
so when the kids come trick-or-treating
we can send the scary black cat
oh look look no I suppose um just
probably a lot of people watching this
blog who are just like it's Wednesday
that's all because there's a lot of
countries that don't celebrate Halloween
all thanks hey is that a thing cuz
they're watching Grimm I know I like
Grimm Luke but they were talking about
this a ghost woman and it remind me cuz
I think Dulce
did a thing on her Ella live blue blood
blue I'll ruin it if I say I don't think
they had like Halloween like do a weird
Halloween I think it was a different Oh
baby when the lights go out
yep that's five children a boy band five
yeah
so yeah great oh yeah done quickly so I
can get back because nice is like I want
to get my food trick-or-treaters come
the vlog is uploaded I bought tons more
sweets because we bought them we bought
them a couple of days ago and then you
know here walking past the bowl and
you're like well that's a that's a nice
bowl of candy boom you take one you
think what's the harm
what's the harm and taking one piece of
candy no one's going to notice one piece
of candy missing but then then you walk
past the bowl again and you think to
yourself
the last one the last one worked out
pretty well so let me just don't repeat
the process I've seen you know you walk
next bottle plenty of times and you
start to notice that it's dwindling the
supplies are dwindling and now it's
Halloween the kids are knocking and we
got nothing but a sucking so uh we
resupplied but I am still I'm still a
little bit like why don't we just like
turn off the lights close the curtains
lay in silence and eat all the sweets
ourselves it's an option so what do you
guys want to see my spooky spooky house
alright so I lit all the candles turned
off all the lights
Emilia has no idea what's going on right
now Friday night time which it
technically is well actually it's not
it's like huh oh no it's 10:00 to 6:00
which it seems a lot later because it
gets dark so quickly now because of the
time change so we let all the candles we
just have a lamp on and I'm doing
laundry that's why there's like in the
middle of everything there's a table and
then so here's and we've got witches
hang in there as well and then Josie is
just putting the candles in maybe in the
the two pumpkins that are at sight so
that the kids know if they can start
coming now for this week Cena is being a
little bit of a brat because I think she
can see or hear not see here people at
sight and she keeps barking so they're
all kind of locked inside for now
very difficult because I went you so
many matches oh yeah are you like gonna
blow it and light it and blow it and
light it to blow it oh my god yeah looks
really cool because all the other
segments dances well freely it's like
all the pumpkins invading my six kids
yeah we didn't get costumes but I think
if you put one on Alvia one on Cena's
I'll just be ripped apart by the
are we who's going to New York
not everyone know when we put the
costume we have to you costumes will do
it I don't we'll do it like every no I
think every time somebody comes we
should like pick a different dog just
Albie is not known that can't nobody
this point you said a little girl picked
up the anything today okay so have you
get pasta like organizes palettes ah da
clothes Santa Claus All Right Hon
Halloween Oh
antlers check bumblebee and Lady Bird
yeah not sure if the antlers are gonna
work but yeah forget the antlers okay
we're gonna need a bigger box next year
okay so three puppies are dressed up
Theodore's writing the boo shirt bianca
is a bumblebee and you guys may be
perfect
I'm sorry LV I'm sorry newbies and I'm
sorry Nevaeh but it looks like oh it
looks like somebody husband but what you
call them cleaners oh and teal looks you
with his casinos obsessed is velcro he's
doing just ripping her clothes to mom
feel
okay guys somebody got their little
feelers points - are these okay I was
worried that people are gonna start
coming but now it's like take the
and no one's come in it serves enough
costumes for everyone but I'm glad that
Pianka fits the bumblebee horn because
that was the really small one and Bianca
and newbies are the smallest puppy so
I'm glad that somebody could fit into it
oh boy
he's another quick he also seems to be
yeah well no he's not humping his mom
he's just he's trying to get her costume
off we're very successful here how many
people have called before group stone I
think more than sport you know and you
are telling me that I was the candy heap
you're expecting like herds of people's
like oh really really coffee
ninis passed me this and said when I
make this for her do you want to explain
what this is
David Rio we get it's David Rio are you
sure this hasn't already like me made in
the washing machine like it didn't make
T in the washing machine I thought that
was a teabag I was gonna I was gonna put
that in a cup and just buy a boiling
water to it if anybody knows where you
can buy these marshmallow twists from
Dominion sweet shop favorites oh my god
I I tasted a lot of marshmallows in my
time these are by far the most amazing
marshmallows I have ever tasted in my
life that's why they're empty they have
like jam or something in them and
they're like sugar there some places
I'm amazing now I'll be honest I stole
these from promised a life as so I have
no idea where you buy them but if anyone
knows in the comments where you buy
these Oh dad greatly appreciate that
just thanks bye
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Joely and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
