Chamber wonder which one is faster I put
both passwords in right and I'm gonna
just press ENTER and see which one boots
in faster this computer is a year Oh
Mike this computer is a year older I'm
gonna give it a head start side and you
just put in the password enter enter oh
it was pretty quick who is pretty quick
hopefully today is the last day of
uploading somewhere else
the Internet's mine is coming tomorrow
am I gonna share this video on our new
internet system pretty credit my Amenia
I am a tree blast I will pull in my
pants and be in your face my name's of
Miria don't call me no disgrace your
changed yeah all right daddy's gonna
take them out a process is is the trick
lads
two at a time but our neighbors see us
with two dogs three times they just
think they've only got two dogs and it's
like actually we have fixed our need to
segregate them so what we're looking for
is we're looking for pío pío and
newbies i feel yep you're the guy I'm
looking for soup time is the right time
for me today Anna is having to put a nut
squash and I'm having to tie chicken a
mild Thai chicken soup do you like
daddy's little look it's put the camera
here right
no please put it okay forget about your
px 90 X 90 Pro whatever dude the jokey
baby dance whoa 500 calories a second
that's where it burns off TM everybody
else can get me in here except for you
you know yeah you know he's too nervous
not crap I hate when that happens
when they suck when your your foot
breaks free Oh what am I gonna do with
your sake what am I gonna do with it huh
what do you think make my foot take my
foot took my foot oh she's got after it
where's my other shoe where's my other
shoe
yo where's my other shoe where's my
other shoe
where's the stupid I'm going to ask you
just one time Theo did you steal my shoe
be honest with me now
did you steal my shoe don't know what
you're talking about dodge you have no
evidence there is no evidence of detect
is there why is my shoe in your bed so
cute you
yes I cute yes I could kick you you
might get one Tanner look the ha'penny
bridge and open lovely did you not oh
look the old tree down by the beach
there's some nice ones here this is
where I bought the frame for your
birthday present is it this one comes in
some lovely pictures
what is our friends I can't get past
here I like this one no it's not a
canvas oh so wouldn't fit it has to be a
canvas I look into a tree one are they
suggesting that this is mom and dad that
guy had Down's these two kids what did
he have the kids news like 10 or
something and she's clearly like wailed
in him yeah what's going on in that
family they're back in heaven again
their dream has Stuart's master I mean
again
what do you need more
well this is home store and more would
you not fit it all in here this is for a
sock and this one look at the capacity
on them this is a 32 litre that's
capacity on that 46 46 46 46 yeah so
yeah it seems me 32:46 then there's
probably one often that I don't get
these are very large turns the smaller
ones what's behind the curtains I'll be
honest I am a fan of the clearance are
you a fan of the clearance uh or did you
just wake up uh-oh
where are you huh now I will sleep at
the house and I woke up in a strange
place
oh yeah white boy I know anyone else oh
hello you say hello to me come on say
something say something amazing
that it does that only cup for me things
that I do you got for me
Oh new little scratchy sheets
oh god of the monkey man we're having
issues here two wheel drive but it's
like huh we went there I know buddy this
is duvets I thought we were here for
Curtin oh I gotta keep walking
no time for stalling it's plenty huh
before I media would always sleep to our
little shopping adventures and now be
like fully awake huh you enjoying the
view huh
if you see anything you like just let me
know mm uh we'll take it in your pocket
money the pearson Halloween is over and
Christmas has come
I'll get the Christmas stuff no is that
what you want is it fake tree huh
fake tree with a fake Christmas look at
me it's Santa Claus easy at six seven
stockings we have to know Emilia is
pondering I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna
said sitting in traffic with a crying
baby is ten times worse than sitting in
traffic without a crying baby it's like
if we move she's okay with it but the
traffic is not moving and we're just
barely moving so she's all like she's
upset with she's upset with the
situation I understand I would be I am
as upset as her so all that you know
what I just felt it
she really is chunking up isn't she she
is becoming quite chunk yeah no more I
get to pick on mm-hmm
you go like all over my hair and my
scarf this is like the first time ever
that I've actually had to wash my scarf
because you're bidding up yeah she's
spitting up on them and I'm like oh well
it was just a scarf but it's my hair is
annoying yeah I don't wash my hair every
day you know so it's my gosh if she gets
sick on my hair it's like uh crap here
it is you can feel it it's a hard piece
we're gonna have to like wash this piece
otherwise it's gonna be a key for the
next like however many days I will wash
my hair for do it Oh what if you get
sick yeah rocking out why I used to do
it
she's definitely awake for a lot longer
like I remember before she would just
sleep all the time just feed that sweet
make she just wants to do what the world
yeah she's a weight a lot all just
sometimes sit with her and like play
with her or like I I always like having
her on my chest that's why she got sick
like on my hair I was like this and she
was laying on me so so that terrible
horsey horsey horsey game you should too
young for horsey gonna get new piece I
think they're all looking at you horsey
horsey horsey yeah oh look your sister
oh it's a brother your brother and your
sister hey
she likes them though she smiles when
they try and eat her foot hmm right the
teal go
both you go here I told you I'm not a
horse oh look at him you're a good cut
oh sorry my hair is in the way
you're a cuddle monster who's your
little cuddle monster huh because the
worst ones on the walks are Bianca
movies they're like so bad everybody
else is fine but this little monster
here Bianca and newbies who is I think
this is newbies here yeah they're so bad
on the walk they just go like every
which way into everybody's Gardens one
like Bianca will just be like up one way
and then do you think this is funny
she's the funny conversation we're
having because it's not okay this is not
funny this is no laughing matter
laughing matter
so anyway Bianca and newbies are for
sale but shipping free say hi to your
friends okay hi hi hi my name is Bianca
I'm not very good luck and if you buy me
you think this Jeffrey oh my god I just
realized that I forgot something and
look at this traffic oh my god I forgot
I forgot the laptop with the bloody
video on it oh my god maybe about
traffic oh goodness
okay well maybe maybe it'll engines up
here now
it's now no okay yeah do you think
there's a reversing back count
okay so we're playing your game right no
Jovi is bringing all the last of the
stuff that we need to get from our old
house because the cleaners are coming
tomorrow so we need to grab the last of
our stuff which is all in the living
room and I know you guys probably can't
see but every time he comes in I do a
different face move against this window
so he'll like walk past with boxes and
I'll be like and then the next time he
goes past something completely different
not to like spill all the boxes
everywhere so let's watch it okay I've
done like all my good phases now need to
think of a good one um I'm I'll do a
bunny face that's what I'll do I'll
bunny the bunny what Amelia's eating her
hand because she's I don't know like how
is she hungry again she seriously has
been packing on the pounds because she's
always hungry it seems like now here is
again we didn't have a face this time we
didn't have a face this time Nikolas
lights camera hi Nicholas hey Nicholas
is all your land here somewhere there
you go
come on in come on into the party the
water's warm
Oh what do you think no no now don't
blame you don't blame you Oh Oh my food
guys some food for some food for
one lover that one is Nikki um not only
one she laughs I think there's another
bag over there
there have been rumors circulating of a
pupu explosion how do you plead
how do you plead is Yoko proposed in
your panties did you do a pop oh did you
poo-poo let's check oh it take for a
purpose let's check for both boo-boos
let's check for footballs
let's check football pools there's none
under here there's none under here what
could he be look at me when I'm talking
to you
maybe when I'm talking to you oh you're
such a cutie pie oh my goodness it was
bad so cool look Smurfs
shouldn't I let Sadie poufy all poufy is
Italian we got here Gould Baron carbo
hmm what's a doggie
yay why is a where's everyone excited
why is it one excited what do you have
what are you looking for what's over
here
what go put that there put this there
huh oh my goodness who in their right
mind would go to McDonald's and get some
chicken nuggets for their puppy and
chicken legend for the trophies and
chicken nuggets for the puppies nuggets
for the puppies you guys are spoiled
rotten but look at cute you are
oh my god you're so cute I'm just gonna
