Oh 25 that's basically half 50 very much
half of 100 quarter of a century old now
you're losing interest and all the pink
stuff you'd be like just silliness Oh
do you still have to eat at 25 good job
Disco's so any you guys in in sandy this
inity looks pretty scary I know a lot of
my family that live in America while
sunroof in Connecticut in California and
Texas but somewhat of a New York state
not in like New York City first time we
flew yeah okay then it's like like a
two-hour drive out to New York state's
somewhere out there thanks for watch me
dance it is I can see the cedia
our board trainings not gonna lie to you
it's kind of tricky look this is my only
way to bring home the coffee I have to
put them into holders and all this stuff
there oh boy Oh
mmm where you guys going
where are you guys going so the girl in
the petroleum gave me like a mountain of
cheese extra way more cheese than jokey
needs so I know I know some friends I
know some people and everyone has to be
even Stevens okay I see four I need six
I see five I see six ready you ready
sweetie I'll be in that I'll be in good
jogs navei I get in there okay you've
had if you're know you've had enough
you've had enough I'll be I'll be
getting there I'll be see or anyone that
won't like biking Porter pushed Annette
it away you know he started like calmly
sits back he's like no no you go ahead
no no safe no seriously you go ahead I'm
sure there's enough for everybody and
then it's all gone mom doesn't get
cheese in her sandwich nope less runs in
lettuce no and look how he gets it now
peekaboo I love you she's a little
pumpkin we're trying to make use of all
of her pumpkin it fits because after
Halloween she can't really wear them
anymore so Jonas is really nice he got
us lunch and I filmed my mommy Monday so
that's going up today excited I'm gonna
try and do five videos I actually
committed because I said it on Twitter
and like and Instagram and stuff like
that so I've committed now I'm gonna do
five videos this week midterm in Ireland
I don't know what the rest of the world
but it's midterm in Ireland right now
subtle be cool to do like if you guys my
videos to watch this week I don't know
you're bored and look what I did I put
at these um they're not really meant as
place mats but like they're this felt
material that actually works really well
as place mats
oh sorry Bianca I just stepped on her so
we got them last year I think they were
from little I had nowhere to put them
but they work really hard with this
table because there's four of them
there's two bats and two pumpkins
pumpkins are really good placemats the
bats maybe not so much I guess if you
had a small bowl or something I just put
some stuff up there on our little
festive table I want to show you guys
what I did in here oh he fell over so I
put a bat in there you can't really see
it was part of the same set as the place
month and then this little pumpkin on a
stick its wooden I thought that was so
cute look at that a leaf that's so
adorable it's all made of wood I just
stuck that into the little pumpkin
display and then oh yeah I put some like
you know things hanging everywhere I
think I'm gonna have to clean the this
whole room I just need to dust and
disinfect everything and then that's
pretty much it and hopefully maybe I
will let me do that for a second and
then you can have my numbnuts
okay okay that's great science see the
dog is it a home that's good hey I'm
excited because they know it's walking
same they know what the walkies time
don't they
Oh your eyes it's like oh that's so
sunny hey guys you can see me there you
see me mm-hmm
excuse me don't you depend you're
walking how come that does no dad what I
grew up where am I gonna have to do that
maybe like dad it depends I got a person
you are like things we've seen them you
but there does the clean of the pools oh
yeah but you go a lot for the cleaning
of the oven over to pose oh my goodness
nice well your teeny is greatly
appreciated you used up an entire pack
of those things what like how could you
how could a duster replace this dust it
cleaned it just here anywhere cuz he's
like 10 euros a pack or something no
they're not
they aren't they're super expensive
they're more expensive than the cost of
a duster what do you think you mean now
you're just gonna feed on me I'm going
to feed on your arm dad your muscles are
so strong I'm going to kiss your muscles
because they're so amazingly strong well
thank you for noticing Amelia daddy
likes to work out daddy likes to pump
some iron come on Albie let's go you
probably fit in here actually nice and
Napoli hey that's what we should do
you just put I'll be in here that's one
less dog to have to walk are you ready
for a little adventure walk are you what
oops collision what did he get for odor
pumpkin ah it is freezing cold out there
my little friend
it's what yeah yeah it's freezing cold I
thought my little friend but little
pumpkin an edge we do have pumpkins we
can just go put an actual pumpkin on her
head Oh No
it's like the best thing to do
I love it make a big pile then you know
you guys gonna mind the houses look we
got enough well I'm actually too off for
a sick set but we have enough for a five
set them up for guess you mean icing
comes iou's to us you guys aren't cheap
cos you guys want ciccio's mm-hmm
you guys are GTO - okay I don't know if
you guys are going able to see this but
look at that moon how amazing is that
that's so cool looking look at the size
of it it doesn't like the phone who's
bullied a crowd I don't know if you guys
noticed in the last high rise filming
what's this here when did this happen
I just noticed it now Oh Melia Oh
Melia thrown I'm just gonna throw it in
the bin I call it my Facebook top
Facebook with a little pop oh you're so
cute I see them but yeah oh you so cute
we went on our walk today when he came
back and I changed her her little
footsies I mean obviously they're
covered cuz they're in her baby grow her
little footsies were cold when I when I
was like changing her and then I was
like oh my god what if like that's
uncomfortable you know your feet being
cold that's so uncomfortable
you're like you're the most important
parts to keep warm or your head my
grandma always taught me that like your
head it's like the most important part
of your body to keep warm but also your
feet and I guess your hands as well but
like hand or head and feet are just like
important to keep warm
rupal San Jose so
if anybody knows like should I be
putting stalks on her underneath her
baby grows or dofus suggested putting
labour no you said put little booties on
yeah yeah or booty calls I just don't
want her to be to have cold feet like
that's horrible
so let me know what you think of that I
think it should be pretty cool
oh my god a baby booty call no you can
call this video baby booty call I'm
gonna try something different today
I'll put Emilia in here see what makes a
difference yeah it takes up the whole
thing though oh yeah you know maybe not
maybe not I didn't know she's gonna be
in New York that big you mean yeah maybe
for some reason I thought colonies were
bigger yeah I thought she actually fit
into it when I was in EM so never be no
Liam situation sorry media calling in no
because we never have any room we never
have any room so yeah so I think all
right so I opted to go with a small one
and said so click the big fellow back
alright but these are special purchases
she's running at these some of these
tubs
terrible trick-or-treat mini mix no you
don't want like the kind of oh man candy
yeah sure you want to get that for
Amelia do you need like a bowl clean
bolt early before he is oh you can
probably nip that out for the scissors
oh look she just got them for your
cupcake Oh for yourself oh yeah but it's
all kid stuff I got I don't which is
here this one like ghoulish cape looking
for oh yeah
he is anti-wrinkle and it's your old
miniature an old hag
you are there's a 24 hmm 25 oh my god
that's basically half 50 which means
pretty much half of a hundred like a
quarter of a century old now you're
gonna have to be able to do things
anymore you're like an old mom now my
mom's you're losing interest and all the
pink stuff you put this silliness do you
still have to eat at 25 good job
this is really clever because we're
always buying you know these things and
then each other man afterwards but like
you can buy refills for them that's
really cool pile them on buy them all
and we still have all to army let's have
a look what level three looks like this
is what you're working up towards Amelia
oh my goodness I can't wait to get to
level three she does fall under that I
have a level two you don't even you
don't get Sesame Street oh my god you
hit up she hit on Amelia level three
Sesame Street appear to have lost mommy
she's somewhere around here
No hey when it happens
couldn't find you I walk all day down to
the baking section
no I really like them oh look you can
get a reefer look like it's mega sized
tell me just 700 minutes should we stop
yeah he needs you need to back away from
see I told you look fiver
there were two for 352 now how are you
getting this is 72 largeest
for a fiver yeah how much you got enough
did you do too much 3366 of Kraus any oh
how much is that boom you just you just
double say you are going to say but you
just save double saved we're gonna need
to get six of these
we're take we'll check them all on holes
with a meteor because there's a problem
with the media 3G network which is
annoying because that's the only
internet lifeline we have but I'm like
it's like a 10-minute way he next I'm
like oh I wish or LIGO and we're gonna
something mean about enough treats to
feed everyone in the entire country
tonight you're like I've owned like 10
bikes and it's like 50 jockey bars per
bag and I'm like ah one per person cell
service
yeah so do you think we should get the
pack look this is the knife to fork the
spoon the spoon we got five at ease I
think
yeah cause like like this is the way
they come look we could get these things
to serving salad things if you wanted to
would you get four and they're serving
so I just think it's best to get that
pack there okay five of em so it's six
New York on you get like one
quite like one packet for one packet for
what it's the exact same thing you know
I like if six people come over we're
screwed
oh my goodness we made it yeah they they
closed the arity today they're closing
eight o'clock no Josie it's at ten five
to nine five two nine in olden time but
I asked so many people who don't realize
that we've been caught so many times
actually spin on the blog's load signs
of us coming to Tesco I mean like what
the hell why is it has to open you know
when Tesco's closed it's like oh god or
something there's something seriously
you're hung in the world and Tesco is
closed see what they look like
you guys got these yet mmm
she nice the good decent size as well
they do they're shiny
honey silver stainless steel cutlery
nice stainless a the better I could put
a stain on them crazy if you have not
guessed I am crazy but you must put the
pasta in the pot you must also
pronunciate your peace upon putting the
pasta in the pot so remember how I was
telling you guys that we weren't gonna
get the changing table anymore because
we had a perfect changing table down
here which is this area right here and
this is built into you know the house
when we got it they just fit her nappies
and we've got some pseudo cream I need
to bring down her water wipes as well
cuz they're upstairs under her bed
perfect and we've got my changing bag
here which is where it usually goes I
have been wearing nappies in here but
yeah it's like perfect it's like it was
made for changing babies on Wow wouldn't
it coolest pool take the pasta put it in
here
the meet in before before before and the
wallah and that is how you cook with
goodnight hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joely and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
