I have to drop my masala Emma and Eric
out to the bus station for one o'clock
and it's 20 to 1
but then I remembered it's daylight
saving which means is actually only 20
to 12
oh we just made an hour an extra hour of
bed whoa that felt good so cold so I'm
gonna go pick up Emma needs a smartphone
when she's in Germany I suggested a nice
HTC Sense
that's a nice that was quick like HTC
Desire C I think this is the one that I
had or night the desire asked for gigs
by my visual camera yeah seems like go
on break it open knows it's kind of cute
actually it's kind of small Beats Audio
I think that she'll like she'll like
that I like it actually looking small
yes fits right in your hand it's a
little bit smaller than the iPhone d
leave some comment was if you have a HTC
Desire C and then take a jovi why didn't
you buy her an iPhone iPhone turn the
bass blah blah blah blah blah
I like Emma I like Emma HTC Desire I
don't know if I like her iPhone enough
dude said shouldn't want like an iPhone
or anything like fancy like that she's
wanted a smart phone that she could like
check Twitter and Facebook cuz em
actually watches the vlogs now she said
that actually never D watched him before
but ever since she's moved away she said
she found an appreciation so you guys
should leave comments and welcome Emma
to the community
great hahaha call beanies and I told her
if she's not ready I was gonna go
without her you'll never see your sister
again honey you look really cute like
sporty spice as amelia sent here to dogs
yeah okay - everyone - Amelia I just got
dressed and ready and makeup and
everything done literally I know
yesterday I said I got ready in five
minutes flat this was literally like
five minutes like I'm not even joking if
there's like eyeliner up here that's why
I'm probably gonna watch back this
footage and see like all these strengths
of unblended makeup and stuff slight
issue though I'm wearing boots right
Chelsea boots with my sweat yeah with my
sweat pants
I had these super nice pink well they're
kind of like lavender color um they're
actually like this pink Nikes like Nike
runners they're in the old house and I
thought geophys was going to upload in
the old house today so I was like oh can
you pick them off for me and then he was
like I'm not going anywhere
that's why I looked like a bit of a
freak they would have matched so well
because they actually matched this I can
wear my new hoodie for the first time
did you notice huh see auntie em again
you see her Christmas yeah maybe we
should buy a load of Christmas presents
Oh
German those we see you bought they were
licorice yeah I ate them all the hairy
ball boy really yeah yeah I love
licorice so I gave you one was it more
cats
whoa penguins is on pasta pasta gluten
that's what I said it's a special music
one here he's excited I'm gonna know
what it is
what's Pete's volume it's the beats by
dr. dre by Amelia baby yeah hmm
everyone's gone to germany deutschland
Deutsche's germany land target none of
us now mm-hmm oh my god luck still use
him tallest building in the world oh my
goodness I love the tallest building in
the world it's amazing I was crazy nice
another cat is coming to the garden
they are scream in a minute ago
whoa yeah
Oh y'all oh my goodness oh yo are you I
was like fighting over here
aha are you squeamish hausky much are
you look away I'll warn you when it's
safe mmm you can look back now I should
probably remove the little nicey it's a
mouse I think they are fighting over a
mess
where's they gone - I'm kind of afraid
door if that was like some wild
characters Oreo for you hey on you what
happened huh where's your cat con Mario
I'm goodness it's just a Halloween
special just happens to be on early
but to be attacked by million cats when
somebody goes away it's always best to
eat all their food you know it's if it's
denied oh look at this one it sounds
like cloudy I'll go this one it's it's
it's the right thing to do you know it's
the polite thing to do isn't it
what imagine he came home when Rosa
moldy food everywhere
salmon pate my fave right let's watch
some in our TV turn on their heating
let's have a bubble bath let's eat all
their weird fruit what is that oh my god
it's gonna knives in the front of it
look what I did I took a scone and I cut
it three ways
Oh Lots it's called the tree way jofi
attack Jovie special TM I need to make a
jokey cookbook - okay issues can't open
it
plop it on come on crazies outside and a
space Timon FaceTime what's that all
about
who's that Oliver I know I felt easier
if you can have our time zone has moved
up where GMT plus one now I guess the
vlogs were probably an hour later for
everybody else until um people who are
saying that in America I don't know if
it's the same time zone for I know
you've got a multiple but I think
daylight saving in America's next week
which means that once you guys go to
daylight savings then the blogs will be
back to was a 10 or whatever time you
guys watch them up because I just upload
it there and it said m7 I was like 7 I
said I put it for six no Saigon oh is
that the GMT plug warm but if you're in
anywhere in Asia or Australia maybe New
Zealand all you guys don't have time
zone so it's an hour later until next
year sometime and it'll be an hour here
again I read that now who wants to play
fetch treats who wants to play a streets
here was play fetch tree
I would like to play treat the GTOs
nummies gonna harm the treats in heels
are you ready hi fresh straight veggies
veggies veggies veggies veggies veggies
fresh Street by street tio tio he's
smelly old man I ain't smelling Oh Delia
good boy yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Bianca Bianca oh I'll be got it how they
got that one yeah oh good girl Bianca
can't you get it they've all got a truck
oh we got loads I was the best in this
game probably because he's missing an
eye he depends more on his other senses
and I would say that's probably why he's
the best I don't see anyone oh good girl
Bianca okay so dad is going to I don't
know don't be unfair and hide them like
up on the lampshades no on this table
okay guys come on smokebomb
come on go to mom go to mom Oh smeared
all the friggin glass look that's cute
isn't it I'm gonna put him outside um
after I mean on Halloween night oh my
god he's not he's going outside oh so
funny
Oh
that's a game-changer are we ready
fresh beats jeez Oh like hey okay
it's just so smart like look at him
welcome to the game 2.0 is that it no
100 if it went in each stump that's it
guys
that's it inside I think that's it guys
he gots it well done everyone
well done was that fun he's so much fun
when Amelia can set it up she can walk
around putting other stuff there who is
your mind skin I think I know what a
munchkin is have you seen the munchkin
man
the munchkin man munchkin 950 oh no
didn't know I get are the doggies I'm
gonna get the ruler so funny who can get
up yeah and it's like you got it good
boy I'll be the only one oh yeah I used
this one is that a different time what
that time I used like a Tesco brand oh
he wants to live a worm free lifestyle
have you got one for a media do you want
worms in your tum-tums babies got worms
this is kind of spooky well gotta turn
my big lights off sorry sir but I can't
see anything if I turn my little lights
on oh cool you can see the city up there
bright lights of the city oh yeah you
guys have to come with me and use that
home I'm out scavenging scavenging and
foresting for the family oh god I can't
see anything
oh my god I can't actually see anything
I think there's a road up here Oh
civilization hello civilization feeding
the cats Bobo I am the frat dad then Oh
Mickey ah Nicholas thank you guys up
with some it's kinda like em it's kind
of Saturday night in orange because it's
a bank holiday weekend
Oh in Arden oh it's much II I don't
think it's a bank holiday weekend
anywhere else in the world but in on
earth it is so it feels like a double
weekend tonight everyone's out having
fun partying like it's 1999 whatever
else in your world is like snoring
Sunday no no and is excited with the
party
please Oreo hey Quinn oh yo go on audio
because like what I wasn't gonna be here
all night if you don't go outside
what no no no no no no oh this is gonna
be troublesome it was raining I got to
the door warrior was all was I like oh
my goodness I can't leave you out here
so I open the door and I was like
immediately thought I have made a vital
error and now I'm paying for that error
nobody else better get in oh yo what do
you where are you oh god no oh god no oh
god please that clothes are your Dori oh
come on you don't know I'm gonna be here
a while
I'm not I'm gonna go with the Loyd
Grossman green Thai curry because we
normally get the blue dragon one and
it's not here and I'm in the mood for
green Thai curry I'm always the green
type very loving honest woman I love
Brack it's like my favorite thing ever
well it's okay we can get this one in
the year so I'm gonna stock up I'm just
gonna buy them all no idea what song
this is it tastes like fun so that was
it super fast super fuss free jo fuss
free shopping all done let's get home
and cook up a storm and you guys coming
out for dinner what's your major of
functionality what's your major
malfunction Abby what's your major
malfunction now these would you like oh
you crazies let's chop up the chicken
it's my friend
you're ruining my jokes do you realize
that I'm called jofi jokes no reason the
cheekbone is an ass tickle my chicken
very very slim like Lee's I find that it
makes a nice picture for the taking back
yeah okay even though I'm adding frozen
vegetables to the situation I'm still
going to slice up some fresh green
pepper there's nothing nicer in green
Thai curry big chunky green peppers that
was like my favorite part when the
pepper like absorbs in the green Thai
curry I actually get it when I have to
chicken just loads and loads of fresh
green peppers Oh
I just take care of all the other kind
of vegetable shop stuff yneouws
all right now I have the pepper see what
I mean to see the big chunky peppers
these things oh you get one of them and
we're gonna soak it we're gonna soak it
in here with the noodles overall God
I'm so good little Lloyd hey Lloyd hello
I'm Jonathan how's it going Jonathan and
make you some masam I'm a green Tiger
age Jonathan I don't why do I think that
guy says my name Jonathan here we have
it ooh yummy yummy huh
I have it off gases off it's just
sitting there sort of marinating it's a
sort of a marination technique chick
nuke you having a nice thin day evening
are you having a nice Sunday evening
with the classical music amelia is the
deejay tonight
DJ spin your jacks spin your decks as
you can see the party the party has
started this is what we do this is our
party and the food must be served to the
family is everybody ready
is everybody ready okay hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be awesome
haha
