feeds of sweat people beads of freakin
sweat okay got ready in like five
minutes flop
I left her down here in her swing
because I didn't have time to bring her
I didn't want to disturb her there she
was so quiet here
and the dog he's looked after hurt they
are such good babysitters maybe next
time we can just go out have a party and
leave her here with the dogs but
seriously they saved my life thank you
so much and she is the best baby ever
she's so excited because she's gonna
meet her auntie Emma for the first time
in her life I haven't no I hair anything
yet
but I have a little cute outfit picked
out for her because she has to look
super pretty for her auntie and she's
loving this new toy
this new blanky with the little it's
called a tacky I think it's got like
little tags on and look one of them even
has doggies I think that's so cute this
came from her other auntie who lives in
Maryland um she's actually my her aunt
in law if you like but you know she's
her aunt she's my brother's wife she's
so nice and if she's watching Mary Ann I
love you thank you so much for all the
gifts you sent and we're all ready
okay so we're wearing a babe from Omaha
she gave you that boom she did it came
from Sorento it says Amelia she has
another bit that says Amelia from
Sorrento as well
kitty cat on and then she's got her
little this is from Carter's this baby
girl or onesie whatever you want to call
it fall in our hair okay well she might
lose the ball when it gets annoying
because sometimes it kind of not
actually she doesn't get annoyed by it
but sometimes I just get annoyed by it
so I just take it off we just wanted to
look extra special for auntie em you
gonna call her nd M oh do you want num
nums will we do a quick feed before Emma
comes okay okay
we'll finally met their auntie and told
you those two of them yeah this is my
permanent oh she's smiling
get the smile make you smile again it's
a good odds of wearing pink too much
Amelia I know yeah what's your name
Emma's home five minutes and she's
already cooking sent straight to work
she's a very classically trained baby
she only listens to the classics you are
gonna get her to win Direction
collection but uh she prefers these
don't you
turtle penis when I grow up you make it
to yank it
we sure do it's my favorite song you
know what the bleep we discuss
yeah we heard you like them it's enough
for me in there
or I make no no oh no Emma you're gonna
set your top on fire Oh color tea soup
time it's hot
Oh didn't realize you're feeding a baby
you could feed the baby blue for boys
huh what do you do hmm how's everyone
doing
Oh me tell me about your day oh okay you
two are in there
I can't keep you're in there going on
over here
huh that's just a clubhouse
oh good next summer I'm gonna put all my
yeah I'm gonna grow a little herb garden
in here yeah and then a little herb
garden in here I think they're putting a
compost up here because the amount of
coffee and stuff that we produce yeah I
know
get rid of it all in here we look nice
yeah well you just gonna be our
Christmas tree hopefully by then yeah
job done yo sir what's your room number
sir oh goodness I think it's time oh I
need tools yeah well let's do oh no wait
maybe we need a screwdriver didn't come
with like an allen key Helen Helen
where's your key Allen I think it's time
I started this ash well he's only
waiting for me to start it because once
I build a thingy and she can decorate
the room what oh yeah I saw some you
guys asking in the comments well they
weren't asking you are assuming that the
dogs don't get walked and stuff because
we're not showing it since we moved here
we're making sort of a conscious effort
not to sort of give away where we live
if I ever vlog outside the house or in
the area you guys would some people
would recognize it and say oh my god
bleep la we don't really want that to
happen because I haven't last times
every time we walk the dogs
I never blogger because I obviously I
walk dogs around here but I don't want
to vlog it because I don't people team
really know
we live that's why you probably won't
ever see us walking the dogs anymore
unless we walk the dogs in them like
downright Hardee's key walk the old walk
but I don't think we'll be doing that
much because there's takes it up just
thought it'd take a little bit
information things happen when we're not
blogging the thing around me when I try
stops I stop nothing goes on until I
press record again and it's like that's
it my day my entire day is actually
putting in a ton it's crazy
you guys get 24 hours I only get 20
minutes that's it are you nothing else
seems more like a room now it's the same
way as when we actually found this house
it says on the market for about 10
minutes
that was a bad egg because we were
working with an agency and they said
something's coming up so it was it was
never really on the internet there was
never any pictures of it anywhere
because we were like the first people to
see it and we just sign on it straight
away we're like don't take it that was
nerve plus for me I was like all right
this is never been on the market or
anything
someone's gonna recognize it or anything
that's important because you all know
what happened last I'm not fence to the
peeps that were calling around and stuff
like that like you know that's cool
that's cool let's go why would you not
if I knew if I knew where jofi lived I'd
call around
Jovie know I know I taped the allen key
on somewhere I just hope it did not come
off during the moving process no I said
I taped it on somewhere wait that I put
it in the bad part huh I did look yeah
that was a good nice moves Joe fee nice
moves cuz this is the only I think it's
like an 8 min or something I've got like
an allen key set but just does not have
an 8 min until this cuz I was like it
better not lose this it's kind of
important
deeds a good here is anyone here I'll
give you a moment realize what I have
done okay yeah I built it look I built
the thing back together again
perfectly fine yeah that's that's
awesome oh my god you know I thought the
thing up inside of it I wasn't thinking
I can't reach over than it yeah
shoulders don't move it huh oh they're
shimmy scooch oh yeah it's pretty crazy
we're out what do you guys think
pretty cool huh all right now put this
part in are we gonna put this in a lower
level see last time we had it the first
one and there's like a second one now
I'm gonna put it at the third one cuz I
reckon soon enough
she's gonna be big enough to be able to
get out of here I'm not sure when we put
the mattress on there's about this much
in a mattress so she'll be back here
yeah I think it's all right huh
do you think yeah mm-hmm does it look
cool actually fits perfectly am against
the wall and the thing is yeah he's look
for Mom to me when you see if I put her
over this side I won't go open and close
the Wardrobe sooo now I don't know what
we're gonna do we're thinking of trying
out some little nap times and leaving
her here on her own for like nap time or
something just see if she copes you know
my boo should get those monitor things
so we can hear her I mean we just pop a
dog in there with her and then we can
train the dog to howl if she stops
breathing or something do you like it
what are you thinking that what do you
think get a nice view the window hmm
little prison baby whew sighs were in
there she's so small I would live
because you just spent for ages thank
you
anyway speed up huh let me know if we're
gonna spit up okay
just like text me or tweet me or
something oh the purple explosions also
noted in the commenters about the poopoo
explosion the pool explosion just so you
know does not actually mean
fufu leaking the poopoo doesn't leak
anywhere just so you know it just means
it's a super you've actually when you're
holding the baby he goes that's a poopoo
explosion not actually keys no no no no
see that doesn't actually Kenny where
the nappies perform their job perfectly
all done all done geode jelly we have a
poopoo explosion situation yeah yeah get
me the president you have any time of
your life you have any time your life
are you you watching badly huh
you watching that Island dear later I
say you're spooky face is a funny face
he therefore device to your spooky face
Oh dad it's so scary
but she covers them I want you to catch
a cold
okay okay huh
oh okay we're gonna do this I'm gonna do
him in the guest room so I did her bed
now we need to hang some stuff I think
we need some more bins this right about
fills her clothing that you burn right
now okay so I think what we're gonna do
is media where do I point points to what
you want in the room I think what we're
gonna do is we're gonna put this her
canvas up on you know like they're over
her bed yeah yeah bit higher than that I
think yeah yeah - I know you're hungry
step one complete oh cool looks nice I
was gonna put it on her door do you
think it'll work
no higher oh yeah but lucky weird okay I
need you so we've got her crib set up
but that's basically where her chair is
gonna go or the nursing chair not her
sure this wall is bare for now we don't
have anything to put on it there we put
up her II overheard or I put up this
little wooden heart put up her this
needs to be ironed out a little bit cuz
it's kind of it got creased with the
move and then she's got her little
princess canvas and we just put her
Amenia at the window and I put a picture
of Joe face and me because we were I was
actually pregnant in that picture and we
were in Sorrento and that's where we got
her wouldn't Amelia I don't know if
we're gonna get a changing table guys
I'm really not sure
might just leave it I'd get something
else instead because I just don't think
it's gonna work in this room plus we
have that amazing thing downstairs that
we keep using as a changing table and it
actually has drawers that are empty in
it so I might just put her nappies and
stuff in there I did organize what her
water wipes her nappies it'll like not
be bag dispenser and Butt Paste we've
got some dummy chains and instant bibs
which we actually got more of I haven't
even honestly I haven't even opened the
package yet there's so many unopened
packages downstairs
um it's just been so like crazy and I
just haven't even gotten a chance so I'm
sorry if like things are later if I'm
late with you know saying thank you for
things or anything like that that's
honestly why just sort this out like her
closet is pretty much organized like
this is all the stuff that fits her
right now is in here then I need to get
little baby hangers for here she's got
some toys up there they have all her
hair stuff are they that box has all her
hair stuff in it that's really cute I'm
some kind of I made that for her it's
actually a glossy box so right now this
is three to six months and this is
everything else so everything looks like
bigger than that like 6 to 9 9 to 12 and
12 up 12 to 18 so what I'd like to do is
I would like to get some more bins I
need to get a newborn bin for all her
newborn stuff cuz that's all floating
around in a box outside I need to get a
probably like a 6 to 9 and then a 9 to
12 so probably just to three more bins
including the one for the newborn stuff
we'll do a pony go up to the attic or
something that's what I want to get with
because we have credit with jellybean
because we did buy we're gonna buy it a
changing table so you like pre-ordered
one but now we're just not sure if we're
gonna actually use one so we have credit
with them so we think what we might do
is get like a
a chest or something instead trying to
make like piles that are organized but
it's not really working very well these
are things that meet me huh she's got so
many bibs that don't fit her yet as well
so we have to organize that she's got a
cupcake blanket that's cute
this box is newborn that's a place I
shouldn't be in there so this is newborn
this is stuff that doesn't fit her
anymore this box which i think is pretty
much stuff that doesn't fit her anymore
as well and then this one oh this is my
stuff in it but it also has like some
off and then he accidentally look I've
got his hat actually she should hop hop
this room it's just a dumping ground for
now gratefully greatly yeah but I did
empty those two boxes so that was good I
just need to get organized but it's
coming along I mean at least the crib is
built right I know we'll get there in
the end I just it's kind of stressful
and then it got too late cuz I really
wanted to pick up those bins but it's
like five o'clock now and we go to
dinner at my mom's for 7:00 so that's
not gonna work at realistic that's okay
I will continue on this with this
project tomorrow and hopefully by the
end of this weekend her nursery will be
like presentable I mean it's not gonna
be done because I might get I'm not sure
I might pick up some other bits and
pieces but it would be nice if it were
just presentable and we could just
actually come into this room and use it
because I want to start nursing her in
her chair I mean that's why we got the
chair and it would be kind of cool if I
could maybe start putting her dad in for
naps and her crib so yes let me know
what you guys think so far I think it
looks pretty crap but I like the way her
bed looks so that's a plus I smell
something roasted oh my god what is in
there is that chicken
we're gonna have some sort of a
vegetarian Ganga's Emmas there did you
cook it Emma yeah I know but you cook
all that healthy vegetarian food costs
costs and stuff like that
no that's what the healthy vegetarian
people have couscous and stuff like that
why what is it you had me a chicken I
was still interested at peppers but I
dropped off at Leakes JAMA flew all the
way home just to go see these guys be
chance and you guys know these they're
playing in the arc Opera House or
they're from Baltimore or needing a wire
but what is jazz festival is a jazz no
the guy in the back looks like me I'm
gonna be the next SS Evan dizzy Craig
Craig Davis is there he finished Craig
David whatever it's gonna be me tell you
2015 check it out
golden jofi it's like their feathers
yeah actually just look like feathery
doesn't it that's what looks like draw
flicked up Crump wait what just got
there oh my god Richie Rich yeah that's
a cat ah do you guys remember in the
vlog from like ages ago Jim Wright did a
whole thing with this which this which
yeah look at her little face leave
comments if you remember it was in like
like two houses ago three houses ago at
this age
the door thing yeah oh this is very
actually put this door thing up oh yeah
my thing of Cakes
hoarders to Portuguese pies one for me
one for you yeah thank you
that's your god water there's any two of
the Portuguese left like it's the
explody one exploding or slightly my
name is buttons yet I am Australia you
know I think I might be site African I'm
not quite sure but I'm definitely a cat
all right baby
I'm from this came all the way from New
Zealand or I might do that for you dear
I might this is my best New Zealand
exome which gives corner mistakes
alright I'm from Auckland to be honest
cheerio mate yeah hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
