there's milk squirting out of her mouth
no hmm me like that is that fun is that
fun is there a comp you a to sleep oh
you're so cute you know that you look
like a little slug that's what you look
like
oh you getting up you getting up
go on come on be a slug be you slug be
as well this lug are us luck are you a
slug I see it trying to make slug
movements here see just like movements
trying to happen
you're so cute you know I love you the
most in the world while I love your
mommy - and I love Albie and Xena and
newbies in the way and Bianca and do you
have an abundancy l-- a slug in the seal
on a slug in the steel combined if you
created
Diop media yeah right is out you are oh
my god no way better 3G signal over here
it's funny when you haven't got the
actual full of broadband thing installed
yet you're going right in the house
right
I know don't move okay I know that right
here I just found out right here there's
a tree gee signal here not here or here
or here but if you place your phone this
distance off the couch there's also
another spot in my room at the top
window my side of the bed if I lean if I
put my hand out towards the lamp I get a
3G signal
on the side of the bed she doesn't get a
change it's most the time it's edge but
just like little spots around the house
become experts of where they are the
world outside excited about the world
about Saturday's a little ducky this is
very ducky in the outside like my ballet
partner when I take the world by storm
was that they you've got high fivin sit
dog dog huh
Hillary what's up Doug he knew hoping we
didn't up a look at this do you want to
say hello do you want to say you know no
kissing with tongues not till you're
older rebel rebel morning grandma love
the morning Gracie morning brothers more
like a delicate blend and these are like
TVs are or is it morning I made up so
song I made yourself or you I made it up
just for you you've got to see this
feature that's on my smart TV it's
pretty epic if I might say it plays
children's TV is like the Smart TV part
it's a screen but it's turned off so
it's not but um and yet apps and stuff
and I need your family so in fitness
videos but this one here this is really
cool it plays
kids TV but we haven't got to connected
to the internet yet so unfortunately
it's not on sorry about that
there's the trees I never showed yes
they look at the front that has I think
they look so nice so we just got done
with the we're not completely done but
with the other house our old house and
we just booked in some cleaners for like
an end of tenancy deep-clean kind of
thing because we want it to look really
like our land baby was really nice
although it is pretty like when I was
back there obviously it got a little bit
like the carpets and the floor needs to
be mopped and stuff because um you know
when we were it just has track marks
from like bringing boxes and furniture
and everything in aside from stuff like
that and obviously like the cupboards
need to be just like deep clean and
stuff right from those kinds of things
like all the bathrooms are so clean
because I kept everything I was like you
know I'm just such a clean freak that I
I really did you know keep up regularly
with with cleaning things we're trying
to like gauge by booking when we were
booking we were like you know it's it's
in pretty good condition like I don't
think it'll take that long but usually
there end of tenancy cleanup is an
eight-hour job and I'm like I think you
guys will be done in like are you going
in on your own or are we coming in with
you okay guys can put some s'mores okay
this is so funny so my sister just
tweeted me or texted me sorry she's in
Germany you guys know or actually she's
coming back today so she might be in an
airport and we're not sure but um she
this is so funny
she sent me a link or no she sent she
told me to go search YouTube for why I'm
voting for Mitt Romney
that's so funny cuz that's my friend
Tricia I am actually French she doesn't
even realize this I'm friends with the
girl and she was like oh my god it's
hilarious you need to watch it
that's so funny she doesn't even realize
don't know if you're watching that's my
friend Trisha um I wanted to answer a
question that people have been asking
because just because we're on the topic
of cleaners a lot of people were like oh
when are you getting
a cleaning lady or when you're getting a
cleaner because I had mentioned before
we moved I was like oh I think I need a
cleaner I can't I can't do this on my
own anymore
I was kind of like freaking out honestly
I think I was just freaking out because
number one I was having probably having
some kind of mommy meltdown or something
because that just happens with hormones
and emotions anyway and also we were
moving and it was just kind of stressful
and things were just kind of piling up
and I think I just I don't know I I just
get like a little bit overwhelmed
sometimes but since we've moved honestly
like you know I've been keeping up with
the house and everything and it's it's
so much easier I don't know is it to do
with the fact that it's a bigger space
like it's a bigger house but the spaces
are bigger so it's more open plan but
for some reason like you guys let me
know if you have open plan houses or if
you have experience with you know
cleaning them and stuff are they easier
to keep clean because I feel like they
are like I just feel like I spend so a
lot less time cleaning in this house
even though it's bigger than the last
one like maybe it's because in the last
one it was smaller spaces and there was
a lot more like things to clean whereas
now it's like a big open space with like
less clutter or something I don't know
I'm still talking javis already back
he's probably like she's such a Rambler
okay so when I when I bought the TV I
forgot to get down I forgot the ID so I
just nipped in to buy them oh so I am
super excited to test these out lightly
stylish with tractable glasses oh my
goodness there for the world of three
dimensions what do I look at first leave
me some comments
of them things to watch in 3d that are
really really good films and games and
stuff and I will check them out I've
never actually seen that before I don't
know if that's brand new or
final thing I've ever known is that
before have you ever noticed at the
court that's really cool
leave me comment if you did that you're
actually quite a lot of boats in here
today so that openness son it's like
battling down and you need to see it
across the water it's like such a
beautiful summer's day just like they're
all for you but make sure you share with
an honest economy she will tell me if
you don't
hahaha no I won't do it you telling me
when I go to the PIO bathrooms gonna
walk into Kipling heaven thank stephanie
olives you guys alright no you can see
can you guys see enough but there's a
sheep in the back of that car I thought
it was a dog and I was like oh my God
look at the size that I'd dog it's
actually a sheep in the back of that
guy's car he's so cute I don't know if
you guys can see it though I'll try and
get a little bit closer well I'm sure
he's just having churches some farmer I
think the Sun is blocking it though I
didn't even see it
oh oh it's getting so late but we are we
are making it to the Pope oh it's a
no-no if we go go to the Popo
they have some puppies and a little
little baby and that's it a lads
that's Kirk shares the orifice
its affairs lovely make us a cup of tea
here now on AJ Clark there's cocktails
and jazz going on there tonight
oh if anyone doesn't know if you're new
that's right now at myself man
you made my cocktail bar there so I was
at the peel box and your mind you just
said to me he's like 211 yeah again he's
like oh boy I was like oh god is that
God is it he's like yep the entire cars
full oh I hope it's all mr. Kipling's oh
goodness look at this
that would suck big time if you are on
this I think we run a road to San Road
are you in the road time road on Friday
look at this it's like endless although
sadly sadly I'm starting to realize that
I'm gonna have to come back this way
so yeah that sucks right time to get
some lunch lunch I'm talking about wraps
chicken wraps and turner ops and Center
wraps
no friend of ours from California sent
us loads at Trader Joe's stuff but it
was all seasonal stuff like it's like
pumpkin spice rub all tea from Trader
Joe's Coco Python from Trader Joe's
yeah shock wheel it there from Trader
Joe's look at these things you're a pig
look sugar chocolate coffee bean grinder
oh my god Alli what do you want what do
you want
I guess when you're cinnamon sugar
grinder oh my goodness that's for me
pumpkin spice coffee but she is so
considerate and she taught at the doggy
house oh look a nice pumpkin trader Joe
treats oh my goodness Oh sealed for
freshness there's milk squirting out of
her mouth
Oh oh my god yeah yo one each sick sick
sick
who's this is that seen us she always
says it hey she's foolish Bianca
Amelia sitting Tiana has two how do you
have two pairs - you have two Bianca
yeah yeah yeah yeah djenka Janka Bianca
gingka tank out here here Bianca there
you go
you're so stupid why isn't anyone here
what are we doing with our you just
connecting them up denk is just
collecting up all of them
you guys are hilarious hilarious
hilarious
oh my god join outside man in their
purple box
fancies huh
bring inside fancies yeah look what else
came though look this is part of these a
birthday present surprise this is one
part then oh this is like epic and it
was really hard to find actually got a
chick in time as well now I can't show
you because Nene's is a free quintal
watcher of the vlogs herself for them
exciting times ego hobby it's mom's
present jumbo and we're talking about
yeah okay you open it up for me air
thanks alright buddy
your time is up what murdering utensil
should I use this one
I am the Slenderman forget the
Slenderman and get a Joffe man that is
amazing
PS bTW man that was the speech oh gee
any lies from at a speed drawing what
did i do I tweeted that ages ago
it's really good isn't it I'll be daddy
here's mom and dad oh my God look we
have those two we have these two we have
Amelia oh my goodness so somebody has to
go and draw her for puppies okay get to
work oh goodness it's like super sticky
but anyway the first part is being done
let's remove the brain oh oh goodness
sir he appears to have made a messy
yourself don't don't be Lancer it looks
fine it looks fine you've nothing to be
worried about okay
and soon this is what I was supposed to
be down here taking all this stuff off
don't no wonder I like this manner I
hate this smell cool huh
look at all this stuff what'd I do with
the leftovers like
cooking or something hallo hallo een
Halloween all right now should I get out
more of that or is that enough do you
think we all take out the rest of those
seeds okay I'm kind of nervous about
this part I'm like what if I messed this
up
I've never done this before I'll
goodness all right I need to set the
camera up somewhere so you guys can
watch
very good job there I'm actually quite
impressed to myself
yeah maybe oh you went wrong no thanks
to me I know I want you control a
digital artist when it comes to digital
illustration vectoring 3d animation and
other no butter to me when it comes to
using these little things to draw things
it's like I fish in it but it doesn't
work so I didn't think I thought I was
gonna have one of those problems where I
was just gonna be like stupid at this
but then I know all I'm doing is
following lines and I feel like I'm
DaVinci here yeah named Jack
jack-o'-lantern huh it's gonna be here
for how long it's gonna be here for like
a week as long as he doesn't go moldy
they go moldy yeah well it is a
vegetable
is it a vegetable yeah it's not a fruit
no I don't think so for me what'd you
guys think huh you love it
that's so cool isn't it hello it's ready
what hope it's okay it's are you pumpkin
mm-hmm you afraid of the pumpkin be
honest Ally are you afraid of the
pumpkin me isn't so cool
I'm so proud of myself that's so much
fun oh my goodness
let me know guys what you think and also
don't forget there we need a name for
him what kind of name is he you know we
also made a happy one cuz we thought a
happy ones were more fun all right
attempt number two on the way hollowed
it out in half the time
just pull it out plopped it a lot
quicker
all right let's go let's do you dare
goodnight
oh no oh no I I'm just gonna follow the
Lions in the future so here's the one I
did when I followed the lines okay
here's two when I just made up
does that look stupid or does that look
really fun it's like it's like this is I
don't know whatever and this is like his
crazy on the rudder flow don't mind him
he's crazy
oh that one's way better but if
something will appear appeals by this
you know oh my god this is so epic this
is I know I pilots deep right now is so
amazing here this is how you this is how
you play games so I don't even need the
controller I'm like come come brother
oh my god this is so cool oh my god I
got to get a heart oh my god there must
be a horror 3d game I need to find a
horror 3d game this is so amazing
oh my god I don't know this even works
you guys see I think you need both of
them
I hope you guys have a good week
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
