you know the way we got em a rug for
beside the TV somebody is a big fan of
the new rug
mmm-hmm do you like the rug
do you like the rug huh
are you gonna go come on wound around
her you fan if the rug
are you afraid wanna make out come here
morning my little pumpkin my little
pumpkin whose it is a bumpkin a sleepy
bumpkin nope not my cousin
oh goodness this is happening today this
is happening okay there was a bit of a a
bit of a boo-boo yesterday and just
didn't actually happen but this is
definitely happening today
come on come on arrival distribution
arrival office of exchange look it
started off in Germany and now it's in
Ireland come on please hurry up you know
you're waiting for something and you
just like come on and then you can watch
it on the tracking and like you keep
checking putting in your tracking number
and and refreshing it's the first time
in a very long time I didn't send this
to the P o box normally I sent
everything to repeal about few boxes are
quite expensive and we have one full
advantage ours I send like every day I
never give out my full address to
anything any times I'm like no way a lot
of paying for this stupid service I'm
gonna use it for everything when I was
in like studios or offices or anything
and you'd buy something online you don't
wish to send it to work because there
was always like a receptionist or
somebody there that would be able to
receive it cuz the worst thing ever if
you know when you get those little notes
in the door saying ah sorry we missed
you and you look at the time and it's
like two minutes ago and you're like you
can drop down to our local storage
collection area tomorrow sometime then
you go down there and they're like oh no
we shipped that back out with Henry and
then you come home and Henry's already
bean but I have so to stop that
happening I invested in a pure box
because we get sent so much stuff from
companies like it's basically our
businesses to receive products and cheap
products and we're actually DHL did I
forget to mention that shipping with the
Sakuni Jolie's so I decided to send
the house because it's like it's a 32
inch flat-screen TV but it's an LED it's
a tree detail I've avoided getting a 3d
TV I needed to get an external screen
for it yeah
the MacBook has got like a retina thing
just 2800 then I was like what's the
point of porting that to a 1300 screen
it's the one that I have at the moment
as I bought that when I was in
Bournemouth in the university in 2008 so
I think that for quite a while I think I
think I'm ready to upgrade and then I
was like upgrading him for the studio so
I was like well technically I'm
upgrading it for the PlayStation gaming
department as well and myself and I know
we don't watch a lot of 3d films and now
I never when I go to the cinema I never
choose the treaty option I always choose
the 2d option cuz peril I never feel
like it's good enough for me to want to
sit there my brother has one in a
samsung LED 200 Hertz blah blah blah
blah blah so back that's what I bought
like a lot of games for the PlayStation
era days are 3d and my Hannah's pretty
epic you know so I'm really excited for
it because it was so expensive and
because of the size of it in everything
I was like I don't want to stand out to
the PIO box because that's like
ridiculous it's too big so I'll send it
that I have it but now I'm sitting here
refreshing this thing every four minutes
gonna like I do not want to miss it okay
okay oh my god look what happens I just
got home have a conversation here right
right right
you you there come with me come with me
come with me if you want to live oh my
goodness and it's so cool I was actually
sitting there going like it's never
going to arrive
this is the best day and no no why is
everyone in here right now
what is everyone you here right now is
it you and excited to see you huh you're
just like a pumpkin huh you just like a
pumpkin
I better not mistaken you for the
pumpkin what did we mistaken you put a
pumpkin what's gonna happen
you gonna take you home are you no way
cuz you're gonna be Cinderella
let's get you a little feast there oh
yeah oh yeah she be silent
he's diamond you be silent you know what
I think we should go to mother carrot
and get the pumpkin costume because she
happen
are you joking
what wait I'm telling them something we
should go to Mothercare and get her that
pumpkin costume and I was saving one of
them for Halloween night but then I was
like it's not really a costume it's more
it's just a themed baby grow this week
I'm all like festive his dressing her up
and all baby grows my my spare she's in
the pumpkin one right now
the one from done in stores and then
this one is from Walmart
the one that I have in here right there
have an actual costume in Mothercare
which has the little hat to it and the
hat is like the little sprout from moon
like the green like a TV part from the
pumpkin it's so cute so we're going to
the pumpkin patch that's why she's
dressed appropriately okay yeah it's
really annoying and we don't really have
pumpkin patches I draw maybe I'm wrong
why I couldn't find it but anyway I did
find one it's way hurting County Cork
and we are gonna drive
never beat they always remind me of my
older brother Stefano because he told me
to pick a pumpkin for a child the story
he's always like this is the stance so
American
it says so like perfect American family
he's such a good older brother he took
me to pick pumpkin the Halloween burnt
before Halloween afterwards when I was
small like I was little I don't know how
old I was but I was pretty middle and
then afterwards he took well he got me a
lollipop bought me a lollipop and it was
butterscotch flavor I remember this so
well took me to one of his friends
parties well not like not like a proper
party but you know like thought it was
probably like a Halloween it should kind
of party she bakes Brandy's so every
time I tell the story he's always like
this has a very American kind of perfect
cookie cutter life but that's how I
remember it
so whenever I think of a pumpkin patch
or if we ever visit a pumpkin patch
that's my first memory of a pumpkin
patch is with my older brother there we
go now and I wait no no how do I get in
here hey what's Bella baby I've never
heard it up before oh my god look I've
always wondered what this was is so good
we have so got to check that because I'm
a morel I tweeted them ages ago and they
said you can bring em he says you can
bring your dogs if you want you can do
everyone it's your car oh my god it's so
cool what couldn't you just come down
here and park outside I suppose you
wouldn't have to Saturn cuz I think they
give you a like a frequency to tune into
but as cool huh I throw a cinnamon
Ireland she told me come down here
alright I wasn't in there let's keep on
truckin
okay I think I need to get onto Google
this does not seem right at all
oh so excited
excitement is turned to frustration and
confusion unlawfulness right I may have
I seen my problem here 22 October 2011
No
so where the guys coming in here all
dressed up as pumpkins I'm really
excited for the pumpkin patch hey
pumpkin picking like what are you
talking about like a year too late
feral and brown hmm it does look really
nice dad isn't it
maybe the my never all we need is a lot
of pumpkins on the floor really yeah MMH
anyone where are you going you can't get
you of course you can get up there you
just tilt it that's nice can always use
another hoodie in my life I have to
Hadees is a file on brands if nice yes
is it
she's a bit of a brand representative
isn't she
is it it is very similar type of combi
looks weak at this table and chairs for
our dining experience for family Fridays
very posh that will go really well with
your writing Sione was your birthday
soon if you get more for people to have
farms or something it's like a cupcake
heaven I actually do I need this for my
cupcakes I actually already have cupcake
magnets from Paper Chase
my brother's a panic Stan Butler
we got looking sponginess everywhere or
there then actually no because we went
to pet shops all the other place other
than pet shops oh I want to sleep in
that sound nice we get one of these a
pro six on that cause like you know
where the weather's so good in Ireland
it's definitely worth investing that's a
good price my MacBook I could get all
this oh look look look for when you
bring Bianca with you you'd have to get
six with him oh we didn't need one of
them we did it we did it
we found no but you in my weed we found
the pumpkin patch now I know you guys in
America probably have like massive
pumpkin patches and don't feel jealous
of our pumpkin patch because it's pretty
epic already there you go that's it
yeah the pumpkin patch oh my god no we
can pick that thing up right and we'll
pretend that we bought all of them take
it slow down slow down
what getting this today actually cut
them for you here how did you yeah do
you get to do that yourself how do they
do it for you I'd like I'd like to
pre-cut one please I would like a statue
this one
look there's the puppies please can I
have some treats mr. Morrow's these
pumpkins morning or an ornamental please
flowering crap oh no you're right look
Golden Horn of flowering crabs didn't
know crabs grew on trees I think they
came from the sea this is what we need
we need one of these are you so good I
was like that's that's one hell of a
garden shed no this is the garden shed
we need these come on into my garden
shed it's very relaxing no I know he's
gonna call to your door I bet this one
probably opens up as huh
well then I think the tennis is for the
girl and the football is for the boy
yeah I think so oh here we go
I'll see you for a long more that you do
it that you do for our garden I think he
is crazily colored we should totally
find a little catch for him
I do remove it in media of Maximilian
Strasser you fiendish shop like waving
hats don't like that and then yeah
freedom's made out of like gold and
silver and stuff such a nice view here
you got a little corner of it just hit
me yeah if you actually brought it this
way but like yeah I'm just in a jungle
hanging in a jungle
anyone asks we're number seven thank you
yeah she got such give you it's like the
rice goes in a little thing and then the
curry comes in a bowl that's so good
Christy Nunez yeah it is so cool I know
it's a bit heavy for a lunch
bourne''-style greetings how you hurry
if you ever see being like very funny
bunny to pretend to not ever get
exciting is this is this exciting for
you is it I've never used one of these
Hey
changing rooms before it's my first time
it's my first time there was the poo
explosion and a fetter possibly to me I
was broken they're like we have we did
bring spare clothes just for such an
occasion
would you like a fresh nappy I think you
would oh my god always wanted these
trees outside my front door what did I
was like
I don't want to let it grow because I
don't want it to dwarf the heads no I
think I might actually work
about these things yeah cuz they give it
a bit of height as well
you don't want that they're kind of cool
oh no that's just things top on top of
each other
oh that's all these that was it yeah no
that those ones definitely fit that's so
cool I can gonna try and make my win
like that not guys how cute is that I
wanted to do a little like autumn table
kind of thing here this is adorable they
had these they just cut them open and
then they planted stuff inside in the
garden center oh yeah our frame got
broken in the move some of you guys
noticed in one of my videos because I
said instead of that video I wanted to
do like an autumn table and have like
some you know fall leaves or whatever
they didn't really hots they didn't have
any like autumn we don't celebrate
Thanksgiving in Ireland so there's no
Thanksgiving Day core but it just feels
like it's very rushed into Christmas
right now they're so funny yeah I bet
let them in anything in ininin look at
the amount of leaves that they bring in
yeah you know what
Jonathan was just saying they bring it
in enough fall leaves already I can just
use some of them oh and check out our
new rug did you guys see that yesterday
my mom brought us a new little rug I
mean actually saw them in Farrell and
Brant or Meadows and burn that's where
she got it are you looking at Amelia
Thea now I think Josephus has to edit my
video and I think I've figured out a way
that I'm gonna save my cupcakes because
I have green glitter flakes from st.
Patty's Day and then I've got all the
cupcakes are in this tin so I'm gonna
just ice them and do that pretty much
save my cupcakes but the video is not
how I planned at all it was pretty much
a disaster I think you guys will enjoy
it because we just basically went with
what was happening it's gonna be pretty
much like a not a very informative
cupcake video but more so like a spoof
cupcake video so yeah hopefully you guys
will find it interesting funny oh you
didn't so we're just at editing of the
video do you guys watch that the one I
uploaded yesterday with this crazy lady
crazy lady but I am check this out
alright see this one here it's called
Bart okay hi I'm happy oh look a
brontosaurus
Thank You Kendall
my being tricked into eating dinner here
what what is that abundance what is it
cornflakes is it but what's all the way
the gup-e show so it's a rocky road all
right rocky road is like biscuits and
chocolate and marshmallows and stuff
give me a rocky road thanks good what
the he's pies nice Fred hey what's up at
this Portuguese O's it's like a spillage
oh nice we're gonna put a maximum amount
of like browns if I know what the brown
part means but I just think that means
it's good oh no it didn't happen again
another day another failed attempt to
did the Carver cop cop cop cop and the
cupcakes also diminished dramatically
but I'm tomorrow alright tomorrow I am
going to chop these guys up okay or
maybe maybe I'm gonna say that for the
next few months and then maybe next
Halloween
I'll have them done oh yeah let me show
you guys these look we got these today
feral umbrellas Anna's one I got this
one so nice
who will make it that an old toss run
tomorrow oh my goodness is that is your
damn time to just cry all night long I
gave you a swing put on your music what
more do you want for me hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
