Emilia is heading to her six-week
checkup I'm like nervous that he's gonna
try and make her smile and then she
won't smile and won't be like no no she
does smile he's weird
this is called multitasking multiple
platform multitasking try and get you
guys yeah there or TV show thing because
my capture software is on is to have a
capture card built into this for like
gaming and stuff using this with the
codec and then I'm rendering it at on
h.264 and then putting in here I added
the blog this morning and I'm just
waiting to drop this in every time I put
my iPhone our yeah my iPhone into the
the Mac it keeps ask to be sent I can't
that's like there is an are you cave I'm
pretty sure this knife okay we've so
many names I probably like you or dad or
something like that
what's this posted order oh my god which
one you said this this is for one of the
t-shirts the 11th of July 2011 which I
never cashed so somebody got a free
somebody got a free oh no you didn't get
a free one did you cuz you already sent
the money so who gets the money then
second government oh my goodness look at
you I wanted to show you guys look at
this cute little outfit it says mommy's
little angel
yes and then it's got wings
show them your wings isn't that the most
adorable thing you've ever seen in your
life and their pink tulle oh my god it's
so cute and then this little angel here
on the front has it as well she's
looking very cute and it's this was from
a subscriber it was sent to our
subscriber box so our subscriber box so
thank you so much from next which is
probably one of my favorite shops for
kids closed right now I just think their
selection is amazing I've I was the most
impressed with that like all the cupcake
baby grows that we got from next are
like really good quality this is really
good quality I don't know
I really recommend next if you can if
you have a baby and you're looking for
some cute clothes boys or girls I think
both are equally nice cuz we were
looking at the boy stuff too and I was
like oh my god I wish I had a boy and
then I looked at the girls it was like
oh my god I'm so have a girl you know
like we need to change your nappy and
you keep getting your little hands stuck
in there I need to fill my cupcakes
video so that's gonna be a struggle I
might wait for Joe has to come home
- in order to do that I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna get a what I
ate Wednesday off for tomorrow so or
today in your guys's case yeah so check
that it
what are you old downsides to losing
body mass there's all your clothes keep
falling off pulling pants up every I'm
like if I had my hands polish when I'm
walking around I'm always concerned that
the pants are gonna fall in it's not
gonna invest in some belts or I could go
and repurchase my entire wardrobe preach
am I gonna do it I don't like a lot of
clothes I just like a couple of
different clothes there's not anything I
mean have an Anna I meant of clothes I
can't find their iphone Havel I know
there's one here she is just so content
she's so cute I don't even know what
she's looking at I have no idea she was
looking at her mobile oh you looking at
your mommy
we still cute huh me tired you ready for
nap time hi huh huh the doggies keep you
right that was me for some reason
whenever I turn on the camera it seems
like she's talked anyway so I'm gonna
vacuum with my crazy vacuum cleaner
right here this one was left here I
think by I think it was the cleaners we
wanted to get like a Dyson or something
anyway javis wanted to get a Dyson for
ages
it's like obsessed with them sometimes I
just feel like I'm moving dirt around
the floor and it's not even sucking up
like it's it's crap I'm also doing
laundry at the moment
Oh 19 minutes left and then I'm gonna
attempt to film my video do you want to
see the supplies that I have here these
are my supplies oh that's a cake stand
that we got for as a wedding present I
think it was Joe Fox's grandmother it's
actually really nice so I might display
them on there if I can yeah it's time to
vacuum because you guys have just
brought so much dirt and leaves into the
house so I need to vacuum the place up
media is heading to her six-week checkup
I'm like nervous that he's gonna ask her
not ask her but like try and make her
smile and then she won't smile and won't
be like no no she does smile he sware
cuz he said it was so important to us
Matt back there like oh yeah
she's got a serious face on but I've
noticed since I've started sitting in
the back with her and I'm just like
keeping an eye on her and stuff I've
noticed what she actually does I always
thought she fell asleep but she doesn't
she actually is totally awake she looks
and at the window at her mirror there
she looks at a lot hi because it me she
just likes the car in general I just
thought it put her to sleep but she's
not she's stimulated by what's going on
outside so it's really cute to watch her
and just like watch her little eyes like
go back and forth you know hi you better
smile for the doctor okay seriously
let's do this this is the bane of my
life so like I deleted my LinkedIn
account like I don't know about two or
three years ago because I didn't really
use it once I left of like the
professional industry circle that I was
flute in a bad way I mainly used when I
graduated from university and I was in
London I was working like studios and
stuff I kind of used to put that I don't
I mean I've seen a lot of freelance
stuff as well but then you don't want to
start you neat you've kind of more
full-time I kind of stopped using so it
deleted it so it keeps sending me emails
you know what's going up my network and
stuff and I'm like oh my god can you
please stop sending me them they're like
yeah sure just login they change the
settings on your account yeah but I
deleted my account so how can I change
the settings on my account you're like
oh well you can like real revitalize
your account in order to do the settings
start revitalizing the calendar like all
great and I'm like okay can I turn it
off oh you can't change the setting for
30 days until get someone on my network
to confirm me or something I'm like oh
my goodness I just I don't want to be
linked it anymore
I want to be linked out let's go get
some lunch ease cheese cheese
yeah five cos lunch bloggers get five
o'clock lunches some people get like
lunchtime lunches which is crazy
they may comment if you have lunchtime
lunches I feel like I've seen her
private lunches anywhere
we're number four in concept I could
have brought my own cups I could have I
could have brought my own cups about it
I took my own co-op is like on Iran she
I have I have my own company mmm
it's always the downside Vikas seen
everybody crisps come and finish that
job we're going back to jam you know
we're gonna pump up the jam pump it up
yeah so when would he well she didn't
actually smile per se but we talk like
she's smart well you did all the inner
tension she blew them the test that she
am through the most II was weight gain a
little munchkin is not someone little
anymore
would you like 10 and a half
he's like just supposed to double that
weight by like five months
she's almost I was saying that maybe she
took all Anna's Judy lost are their
pregnancy weight maybe she's taking all
your weight and she's taking it
so although yeah that is cool
look at this it's Playmobil as a vet I
like all the animal kind of ones that's
cool except she has real ones so she
does have really she's never getting
that can we get it that's like normal
spoon pump that's smarts but using pie
charts in her gossip Mike Joe's reading
there and gout she ran with them I knew
to Donna oh my god they're pinkies baby
pictures music we should totally get her
one just for like a feeling they look
perfect
or you get this one our princess castle
I feel like an evil of these in my life
and one of these and he's so cool okay
cool oh yeah
can we gonna have my lover boy hurry up
will ya
don't let me down now oh four seats yeah
he's kind of cool pumpkin behind you
okay princess no right there you're in
front of it oh my god so whole Disney
Princess set up which ones you put her
in I like this one luck the cold one oh
my goodness like this is the one this is
the one she strives to help us cardi she
did like the side to scope we should get
her this one then it becomes witness
said scope maybe if we get her down one
it'll encourage her to do ab be a med
student maybe she'll just be a cowboy
instead rock pop in and got something
for dinner sure yeah but we have hair
like I know you guys can see the extent
of of what's being crushed here and
maybe is holding everything alright
sorry about this Amelia what what you
need them for now
walk away in a strop now what's this
what's the difference lies and false
information I was told Mr Kipling would
be available to me if I were to come to
the store I'm here ok ok here and I'm
waiting for you stir yourself this looks
like the Halloween Halloween cake
section horrible Halloween cake what
jellies in cake but they're not penis
just Buki okay there they look very like
penis fancies I see I see what those
stores are doing there you know I get it
I respect that but I feel that our
funding in these two minutes it's just
gonna be a problem it's not looking good
guys not looking but at all tigrin
cooking sauce right now let's do some
use we forget a bass kiito's though we
have the noodles right okay all right go
hey hello is this one here isn't it the
luxury green Isle is the last one
with the Asian that's how it looks you
may be adorable internationally that is
so where the data on stories doesn't
have it as well like maybe it's like all
places in quark or something are against
us
so anyways wanted okay cracky for me
fiendish fancies is the target
preferably somewhere into I can actually
go yeah but I bet you in court is it in
Cork whoo this is our first time act is
that first time cooking was it yesterday
is that first
what are we cook yes today oh the pasta
is the first time frying something you
like that it essentially we're having
chicken tony n' Saucony and Jacobean
it's a nice Thai green curry sauce a
thai-inspired cream hot curry sauce yeah
where's the noodles not Frankie I'll
crack chickens done the news I didn't
cook yet what is this some sort of an
amateur setup vegetable mugged adventure
peril
live it's the coolest nights I believe
it should have this one here earmarked
earmarked look arrest him
look at her accident right check that
one out oh-ho-ho-ho-ho that's called a
jokey special mm-hmm
always get the jokey special you know
what can on the jokey special it's moldy
moly look morning for this morning
once you drain had all the noodles you
can simply go ahead and put all the
chicken and the vegetables in the main
pot you'll see momentarily why I've done
that 92t grand critique about to pop oh
boo boo boo boo bah bah buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh bah boo dinner back and then
one there you have the jofi yeah don't
feed your fee fo fo fifo Joe people o
people o people
that is a tasty beast of a meal I tell
you look at this thing Oh beast of a
meal all right now let's quickly chart
out in the bin harness and take out hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
