YouTube has created a whole new breed of
television producers people like
Alastair Kony and Jonathan Jolie
Awards weddings do you ever wonder why
people want to watch your lives because
we're awesome I wouldn't see our show
being successful on mainstream media
without the audience being able to
interact with us because people are
looking towards us for entertainment
instead of going the traditional route
this new breed of producer created by
YouTube makes a completely different
kind of content to what I'm used to
yeah
Oh sir that'll be done in ten days is
that ten working days ten days seems
like it's barely a week and a half ten
working days is actually technically two
weeks five days a week although most
places work on Saturdays now so but even
if they work on Saturdays they still
don't class that is a working day look
at this display six little doggies you
guys are so cute
and their Mimi I just fed so she sent
her Sweeney good girl it's probably not
a good idea
well I burped her for a bit but she
might actually spit off because I'll
lower this a little bit she either likes
it on a super low setting or a pretty
high way she doesn't really like the
middle one so I'm not sure how I feel
like three today is a happy day because
I fit into my skinny skinny jeans my
cupcake socks these are my 1969 always
skinnies from from gap I tried these on
at two weeks postpartum wishful thinking
they wouldn't like button-up at all you
wouldn't like clothes or zip up let
alone button ups but six weeks or four
weeks later they fit so I'm really happy
that I thought too excited to watch that
a documentary tonight half 9:00 or t1 no
idea what I'm telling you right now
because you guys live in the past
Australian viewers kind of live in the
now yeah cuz he goes up at 3 a.m. in a
way are you wait a second do Australian
viewers watch this vlog before I even
filament are they actually watching this
right now
oh my god Australia's like the future
hello I think I've lost about 20 pounds
I have like 4 left to go my
having said that my stomach is not how
it used to be you know I've lost weight
it's still kind of it's kind of mushy
kind of really want would like to be
back to where I was by my birthday but
my birthday's in two weeks so I'm not
sure if that's actually gonna happen I
just received an email
was it a shemale looks like it's just a
plain old email I'm gonna vacuum now
because the puppies always tend to bring
in leaves and things like that
I wanted to dust but we don't actually
have a duster yet so what have I won I
think we left the other one in the old
house
and I have my little friends here to
help me not right I'll be cats yeah yeah
uh-oh
see I told you she doesn't really like
that setting she just prefers like
either let's go to flies shall we frizz
either super fast or super slow I wanna
get a chance to do a sort of a Halloween
thing do you guys remember last year and
that other house did you guys see our
little paranormal activity if you
haven't seen it go to oh I don't know
someone in the comments telling me to go
I think it was it wasn't Halloween Oh
what's a Halloween night in Middleton at
a time
oh I don't know it's like last year
someone flying I think I don't know what
it was called
maybe he's called Paranormal Activity
try that and see if you can find it it's
actually really funny but I'll see if we
can kinda do something fun for this
Halloween this room really needs to be
20 today look at that
there's always one room that ends up
being the dumping ground you know I hate
that
anyway I'm gonna get ceramic chores and
then maybe hopefully go Halloween
shopping Halloween decoration shopping
hi Jovie
oh yeah jofi why no you know it's a joke
I don't really know Sophie that's not a
thing in Jovie shall we venture inside
you should venture inside joke okay Jovi
come on um don't go anywhere wait wait
no joking about hi you came back I kind
of missed his hair for a second don't
look no no no don't go
okay um it's a company come on ease in a
while the old core do needles Cardinals
recording about the shop look it's like
going into a shop oh my God look they're
all my size that is so cool
come on chop chop chop chop
mm-hmm yeah I wouldn't be disinfecting
everything there's some ironing good to
be needed
I'm mistake alert about the arnie guy's
name is like combat like i don't know i
think the house is crooked but the
painting is vine name is stickler for
ironing i don't know i like ironing like
i like things to be uncreate
you know I hate when like clothes of
like I don't mind t-shirts and stuff
I've been increasing what my genes and
genes actually you don't even need to
iron them you just like pop them in the
tumble dryer for like 15 minutes before
you're about to go out and it warms them
up and it stretches out and then there's
no way I need to earn cuz they feel nice
and snug stop eating yourself stop
hitting yourself stop hitting yourself
oh oh
what you looking at you looking at me
you didn't have me drink the roses your
sakhis the flowers the leafy flowers
what's he looking at what's he looking
at daddy's just gone to the bank to do
some boring old stuff and Amelia and I
are here just hanging out she's probably
gonna get fussy now cuz the car stopped
moving look at you look like a little
snowman her grandma knit her this hat do
you love it it goes it's pretty much
everything cuz it's white look how cute
they are
oh my god this is probably not gonna
focus properly but they're witches hat
cupcakes and like for Halloween and I
really want to make them and then I want
to make a video on them if it's actually
a success I can get all the ingredients
that I need today
then hopefully make a Halloween fun
Halloween like cupcake video for you
guys I'm sorry you got you actually
can't eat any of those cupcakes but um
maybe you can get it through my breast
milk mmm
breast milk I'll be was actually English
up which is funny last year huh
no tenant vlogs timber he was parking
out all the grades and stuff I think she
drove to Ghent in her size no cuz I've
got the pumpkin one he's so cute
mmm which is
you think the dogs would enjoy that the
screaming cash we got her not sure what
that Halloween is about you know which
which weren't going to these things
which one a haunted house what do you
put that on the outside like I was a
battery oh that's probably safer anyway
that's a good one flashes and stuff
that's care than that I really want to
touch that like it's good you know roots
no roots my sister my sister what is
that it's a Frankenstein yeah and as you
come into the heads as you open the door
really yeah it's like a button turn
itself but they they dressed it up every
year just like in there oh it's so much
fun look at the clown one
hang in there Johnny go what it does
it's a Christmas tree a Halloween
Christmas tree oh don't per fect for me
grumpy gnome all right this guy oh my
goodness look these are like zombies and
stuff it doesn't matter like they're
minecraft zombies in my texture skin
anyway that is exactly the minecraft
zombie this can't Dracula which happy
again which which has hello
your mom is a witch look it's the band
that's my old band I'm gonna go looking
for small heads hi pleased to meet you
yeah yeah it's kind of thrilling oh yeah
any better one yes now up to the garden
center is the time in everyone's life
where you have to buy a lawnmower and
yeah I'm gonna buy one of those ones you
plug in cuz I like those ones Oh
let's get reindeers in Santa Claus
forget Halloween oh my god it is t oh he
looks just like him thank you
I'm excited for Christmas now these are
so much better she just come here why
folks people well you're so stupid I'm
nice thing gonna say oh look the pins
the pins we wanted the pins were the
food to talk though we wanted the toys
the leads the food I just always loved
outside of a house when you've got those
little trees these little trees here and
I saw some when the neighbors have them
I just think they look so nice
oh my God look ex-player oh my god it's
moving look it's just hanging the bed
yeah yeah their little round bushes like
run it in their pointy ones si si si oh
it would be so amazing I might take a
couple years though how cool would that
be for tio
look at these little sheds here hey this
is this is like tiny hey this is not bad
at all hmm yeah I know it's not too big
not too small would be cool to have a
little spot to put them somewhere so
like in in like Aspen or something like
a skiing but imagine melius I can't even
walk and we have a whole slide and swing
set and everything for I also for you
know where the fact wall is in the
garden I wanted to get like am a creeper
but I'm you know like the big like
splits of wood and then like these
things here but I'm pretty sure you
could probably buy them with the actual
plant already done and grown and stuff
you know save me having to do it
oh really need a sculpture and a
fountain so we're in a place called
chance so I felt like I can you get
something made out of gem straight away
five stars came up crisps she's a
problem Pro feeder wouldn't even notice
Oh what sandwich baby do never been
against I
we're gonna get my supplies for my
cupcakes video tomorrow I just need a
couple of things like ingredients and
maybe also pick up some duvet sets
most need a label maker yeah was a long
words pipe dream the lawn more we have
no space in our car for the lawn more if
we want to go shopping
that's the problemo I need double beds
yeah over this spring bike know that
means though Springs back into shape but
it's a duvet
it's got table it's got ten dogs you
don't a heavy too heavy or too light
table 4.5 dog this is a 10 dog
jeepers that's what the more togs this
winter I don't know either
is it like toilet paper would like ply
is a tog apply just get it because it
has a cupcake on it you'll need it
sometime in your life so I don't think I
came here to get some baking stuff now
there's point like the tone of Judaism
pillows and stuff yeah I feel like I was
tricked and is leaving from the
dimensions on a framed picture we got
four years ago about four years ago from
her brother Stefan all we are planning
on putting that in a frame we have been
planning a wedding that inner frame for
about four years
okay well you could cut a bit aboard out
you know quit like paper a so you can
measure do you think that's an okay
color
it's okay what does the thing you have
to have a frame in her hand right now
it's been four years to get this far you
know you really want to give up now
thank him I like him how many we gonna
have to get a small one as well this one
this one then you have to get three
but there's 350 CH
but no they like my boot do you want to
get those yeah this one depo whatever
whatever you want
I don't money Mike
I was definitely deep into this
situation
oh just me I pick up some stuff three
frames and provider to do those pillows
your area there's a sneaky one I'll give
you huh hey Joe P want to pop in and get
some stuff for my baking video tomorrow
sure no problem I'll just get a really
small colleague who's not obviously not
gonna get that much stuff look at this
thing jam packed to the rafters huh
only crapper oh nice how do you make the
witch's hat
oh right you have to watch the video in
order to find ahead to make the wikipad
jump it stars hot minds oh my god you're
in dirty dancing it just starts he's all
like hearts and minds yeah yeah like you
haven't seen dirty dancing or the sound
of music
have you seen grease yeah thank God at
least you've seen something I'm still
gonna start making cooking videos and
YouTube right but you know my trick is
gonna be I'm gonna like buy cakes like
this right and then just gonna buy like
tons of ingredients make a mess
everywhere you know just make some paste
put it in the oven and then like edit it
and then just like take them at it you
open me like here's some I made earlier
haha it really is such an amazing cook
he lets a good plan totally good plan
it's pointed out the window man actually
wants to walk back because you want to
see the doggy looks like one of our
neighbors dogs
hey Joey isn't already cool-looking look
pick the light on there's no cure
looking now is that the front door it
has it's the small things in life that
make you happy always very nice sort of
nice set I don't know I feel like this
is like one off of a horror movie you
know it's cool we got like the bread one
and another murdering one other thing is
for pies and then this is this is where
I'm she's buying for so I could do the
pumpkins yeah okay nice okay nice I
think they're nice we've never had a
good knife set cuz you never bought a
good night Seth uh-huh
now we do like I put the pumpkin in the
window yeah isn't it so cool looking I
put the adorned upstairs in the bedroom
that Peter ones up there and then of
course the welcome
panjandrum I promise it safe am I ready
apparently Nina's done some stuff but
room where you going to okay we'll do it
on MTV Cribs I'll be all ready alright
did you go like this is where the magic
happens that's a day say go cool oh my
goodness
yeah okay do you certainly do but it
looks daily nice moves is this where
you're sleeping flower yeah yeah it was
fun it is curved the magazine stack and
everything cupcake II it is very cupcake
II is the ultimate cupcake room father
stuffs wow that's cool well done I
actually taught this room would never be
done I thought the room was just always
gonna be a mess this is going to be a
media yeah it's amazing shape or the
light shade is the pink arts one oh yeah
there's a change that I have to swap it
those curtains for you yeah totes like
oh my god like they're disgusting why
it's not pink ones there would you guys
love this room let's get a so cool and
this is why I need my label maker oh no
no I don't like lucky dip we made it
well we were kind of late
there are now 4 billion views on YouTube
every day and 72 hours of video uploaded
every minute you shoot at yourself
yeah that's tuning out with the DSLR
YouTube has created a whole new breed of
television producers people like
Alastair Kony and Jonathan Jolie
everyone loves weddings tell me what you
both do on YouTube what you post on us
what do you person YouTube it's just I
think it's just daily life you know it's
just nothing special nothing scripted
nothing too exciting a lot of boring
stuff probably yeah just everyday what
we do kind of like morning to evening
it's a sunny isn't be close he's
changing see Georgia Sorento shirt but
this isn't just Jonathan and Donna
showing off it's their job by building
up a loyal audience for their daily
videos they actually earn a living from
the advertising sold on their channel
over the course of the last two years
it's grown from one viewer to like on
average like 20,000 viewers a day you
know what about two million views a
month you know from just me just being
myself acting like a fool I don't mean
to be rude or anything but do you ever
wonder why people want to watch your
lives because we're awesome in the mind
of a TV producer quality equals budget
more dollars equals better quality but
on the internet we see a very
interesting dynamic which is that the
simply doesn't hold true the quality is
based on relevance how relevant is your
program or your content to the subject
I'm curious about and sometimes that's
produced by a total amateur who can't
even produce well so it has has no
relationship to the old definition of
quality do you see what you both are
doing now is almost a stepping stone to
going into traditional television or
you're happy what you're doing I
wouldn't see our show being successful
on mainstream media without the audience
being able to interact with us what we
offer it's not a one-dimensional
experience when you watch television you
sit there and you look at that little
box in your house our show is you were
directly allowed to influence the show
by voicing your experience by voicing
your comments by on Twitter on Facebook
and we do read it and we do listen to it
and sometimes we will you know move the
show in a direction that we feel the
audience want us to do I think that's
the mistake that a lot of reality shows
on TV make that you know it's not
relatable anymore they have all this
money and success and fame and it's it's
just not real
so upstairs is your studio yeah is it
yeah this is where we filmed five days
week around my channel and how often
that everyday would you do it just once
or yeah just once everyday it's enough
meeting Jonathan and Diana brings one
thing home to me it's not just the way
we're watching television that's
changing our entire definition of the
medium is being transformed
you don't script us you just now do this
right yeah I think if traditional media
wants to survive in this new world
traditional media needs to adopt needs
to look at the model that we're putting
forward and think how are they why are
they work we're essentially stealing
your audience because people are looking
towards us for entertainment instead of
going the traditional route this new
breed of producer created by YouTube
makes a completely different kind of
content to what I'm used to but who's to
say what they're doing is any less valid
than what's being produced by mainstream
TV so I'm really excited to show you all
of our baby bites hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Joely and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
