welcome to the fog the vlog the vlog or
what computer vlogs oh look at my
shoulder on my shoulder hello welcome we
have figured out something why don't
know this is true or not well I think
that unless he might be a lefty like me
the other two were right-handed we're
going in form the test okay grab the
ting would you like this card oh okay
she was kind of reaching with both there
but she always takes things in her left
hand and then she normally we are doing
very important scientific things oh
she's oh she's paying back up now that
I've man tidied her tithing is done when
I was a child I you see Amenia you kind
of left me what's on your face and then
it was what I go through any lunch yeah
oh you had your lunch already
I need to tell you this that's for
anybody I'd rather just go to my brunch
my gosh what do you know so he when I
was on game I went my rat fell out he he
was hitting up boys has many he ate my
cucumber
that's okay you're fighting over a
cucumber
ask him for his okay good girl you with
his cucumber okay it was turned on I
never bought over cucumber I did need to
go through the toilet every time chores
had to be yeah you did yeah you are
falling what are you doing come on Nick
oh jeez oh jeez
eggs I know she's such a good standards
yeah I know I was barely holding her
there I know little baby no I am oh no
ma'am
now baby never wanted to be tail wag
anyway do you want to hold this I think
she's really tired though I think that's
what's wrong
would you like this no she's looking at
the dogs yeah yeah my Betty but handy
be social not going to spend to watch me
yes yes mommy
just give me now and the media go
swimming with me oh hey that's my pick
me Jonathan this is packing the biggest
world's biggest towels in there sharing
is where's your outfit right oh I don't
think so for swimming you're not really
allowed to our own house someday yeah
how about that there might be all right
is everyone set and ready
is it are you bringing the Westbury
dolly with you huh come up
so it's Eduardo actual singing class but
there's a pool beside his cool water
because they didn't have it oh yeah that
you can go and chill in so I'm gonna go
with Amelia and we're gonna chill in the
pool next to Eduardo and the media
should have an activity and Eduardo and
that way everyone gets an activity today
it's gonna be amazing my right scale
that get all that right sit down use do
the other baby
all right meeting up what you see Python
you know hits Do It Yourself duardo I
should assist you and then we shall rock
and roll are you ready for the swimming
swimming one almost time for that school
run run
how's it going right there yeah but you
haven't published can't really do it
right now yeah we do it right now
what like you can almost got it try
again I know but sometimes if you do it
when people are watching you can do it
better I'll call the boys and girls are
watching at home go and mediate go go
with me there I go yeah one push slide
thing down go and media go and then
slide it in pull that with that hand
yeah and use the other hand to clip it
in clip
clippity-clop you get it you see
sometimes you just need a few hundred
thousand people watching that's all
can you untaken apologies okay guys that
was yeah he's going to the wrong place
okay
oh no wait I think Oh in Tower one first
okay yeah when you see that you know it
a bigger one guys oh she got changed
already in the car oh are you bringing
your boat zooming as well oh it's
attached who's that who's that
so Jonathan's taking the kids out
swimming and I have never this doesn't
munchkin all day it's not funny
she's such a funny mood she just want
basically just wants me to pick her up
and walk around with her all day long
she does not want to be down on the
floor on her match she does not want to
be in her swing she does not want to be
even next to me on the sofa she is not
interested in feeding right now cuz
she's already fed she just wants to be
on me 24 is another man just kidding no
she she really likes just being on me
well I don't know how am I supposed to
get anything done
honestly it's after nap time so I don't
know what else to do with you except
just carry you around all day so what
you want to do
yeah good mood but only when I'm holding
you I think I need to put her in a sling
honestly right let's go let's go see I
just feel so I feel like I'm pregnant
what this blood was coming from it's
rude and annoying I think I need to
drink more water
come on sack of potatoes come on suck
his foot home from swimming friends and
it was a delightful experience
Eduardo went to swimming class and we
got to watch him and he put his head in
the water and his teacher let him go and
he swam and me and Emilia played with
her baby and we had lots of fun I guess
and now we are putting the children to
bed when I say we all right now were you
reading Charlie Crowe in the snow
Charlie Crowe in the snow guys I like
that idea at the top of the grassy hill
overlooking a stream mister Charlie's
three hmm he was so proud of his
magnificant home do you like charlie
guys
sometimes bear and swallow came to visit
and they told stories and watched the
sunset
Charlie felt like the happiest headline
humor funny face that's his girl face at
this time you can do the funniest face
do you different funny face go do all
your funny faces involves squashing your
face water what else do you got oh the
face question oh the mouth polar guys
you're very funny they're very funny
alright let's finish our story off here
and then we'll go to bed say flan
would you like a couscous the couscous
are you starving Marvin
so Chennai we have prepared something to
squeeze um chicken what did you make a
chicken chicken korma we have a baby
crying fantastic she does do that you
know that's just I'll have this one
I'll have this bit you have that fish oh
my god no way virgin I let anything that
you're like happening oh you are well
let's P now right or it's close guys
like you no no no no okay and now you
see look for proportion this one you
know the camera comes off girl I can't
give us that one it just depends you buy
that one okay they won't know the play
difference which one which one you know
I am more about this stuff though dude
have they been fat yeah good job good
job
