ready ready ready
go on yeah beautiful bye
oh I'm a beautiful bye oh my goodness
it's so much faster you know the long
part the hard part of this is adjusting
from using a PC to using a Mac um
premiere like there's lots of shortcuts
I use and then I'd be kind of doing them
and be like what and then oh my god the
worst is this look it is the power
button is here I use the keyboard
sometimes but I'm still waiting on the
external screen coming the power button
is never there it's always delete so I
keep sometimes I've turned I've hit the
power button instead of hitting delete
and I'm what everything like I've been
here for so many years that like you can
probably do this like playing a piano I
suppose you know it's like I can close
my eyes and I can like ripple edit cut
trim you know and just doing everything
like Shh really quickly we're even
thinking about it and then my little
finger just jumps off to hits delete and
then it's like do you want to there
right no no please don't shut it down
yes there is even like what I probably
no it's not I guess you can put Windows
on a Mac oh good enough look what have I
done
okay I just I typed something oh I know
crazy
oh my goodness so uh yeah well I have
this thing here which I'm gonna reformat
this now because this is still a pretty
good machine like it's an i7 you're a
good lad is a good lad
Stephanie where my favorite call the
song cystine plays
how's my poor guys they don't understand
oh yeah Albion seem to like obvious you
know running around with sheets oh good
boy I'll be good boy oh really
thank you good oh I see you little one
I'll be Sina over here come on I'll be
Xena movies oh oh you have to learn to
use your nose these good girl Bianca of
course see Oh have you got another one
all of them now he's too good at this
good boy feel good boy huh
speech oh I see anyone I've even seen on
can't me alone hey van hey van hey van
hey van no Cena got it Cena got it I
think this one's specifically for Alvey
because no one else can get up there no
no huh oh it's better it's in the game
oh you enjoying the game the best I'm
just gonna always go to work for the
Guardian when he grows up that's the
video custom right is he
all right guys now we have to work here
no no come become with the world
okay ready ready ready jeez Xena I
thought you loved your children no but
I'll be got it we should totally play
that with Amelia when she's growing up
we're getting hired like roses or
something or quality seats Ren Dez
you're gonna find them are you crying I
think she needs to be changed yeah who's
up guys remember I was telling you but
her hair that she's losing her hair can
you guys see that well I don't know if
it's coming up on camera yeah there we
go see her hair it's all coming out and
yeah this got nice done
so we need to wash this which sucks cuz
that means I can't put her in there
while it's washing oh well we got this
fabric softener I thought I never used
to use fabric softener because my mom
never used it now I use it like twice
because we got it in um we got like
little tester sachet things in a baby
magazine now I'm like hooked I really
like fabric softener I can't believe I
never used it before I organized her
closet a little bit like jovis needs to
build her crib what will we wear today
hmm
we need a vest first of all and oh I
know what I want to put her in today
she might be going to my mom's house my
mom got her this little outfit so does
this have feet yeah it does
this best actually matches although this
is long-sleeve that might be too warm
this fast cuz there's kind of matches
too
and then we need a bib
yeah maybe her a Meany a bib right no
I'll just I'll just do this one I like
these because they're so small and they
don't kind of like they don't ruin the
outfit you know it's so small and it's
so full of stuff ah okay here's your
mattress here's more boxes that's our
room it's I'm doing um I wash the sheets
every Sunday so that's why there's no
sheets on the bed not gonna had it so
big but it's so cute though she's
looking at you looking at me and she's
looking at your flu you jealous when is
your hair falling out why are you doing
this to me Oh mom I think it might be
num-nums time daddy num nums do you want
do you want subscriber no months oh my
god
so our neighbors just put up their
Halloween decorations come on we are
going to do our very best to put out the
best Halloween decorations and Halloween
display our family
yeah you need to get your costume okay
Amelia I need to be on that front
everybody everybody in the road is gonna
be honest though I saw like somebody had
because it's it's just different here in
Ireland they it's like Halloween back
when I when we first moved here it was
like barely being celebrated wondering
when he has is here have decorations see
here I feel like oh there's some I only
think it's just so fun you can actually
go to people's houses and like you won't
get in trouble for ringing people's
doorbells and like disturbing them you
know it's the one time of the year that
you get to do that you know there's
always those neighbors that make the
extra effort and then there's some that
are just like crap but it's cool to see
like who dresses up and when adults
dress up it was like a bonus oh my god
so Erika met Jay Duffy is that his name
yeah Jade up its Keith Duffy's brother
son son sorry this his son he was in
Cork in the Opera House but then just
gave me this crazy story so they were
outside the Opera House right waiting
for him you and who is it her friend
behalf 11:00 right and then one of the
guys one of his friends came outside it
was like you and your phone numbers
because he had to win her back which he
was he was just trying to get a phone
number that's what he was doing so I
said then he went inside but then later
on that night damn Jay calls and Jay
texted and Eric who was talking to on
the phone and self he's like famous and
sup what see and Hollyoaks
but my character like super chopped
essentially Erica's boyfriend is now Jay
Duffy essentially now right it's right
so meaning I just had a poo explosion
all over her pretty out there right now
but just as well I actually came
prepared this time so she has mini
ciccone Joni and she's gonna wear this
red baby girl with paws on it and then
she has her bib from her OMA which says
my first Halloween are you pooping again
they might have just been farts
hopefully they were just parts anyways
so we're gonna change an accidental
cookies are getting a bit cold okay grab
this doorbell sometimes it kind of
sparks this is her outfit the tour bells
ringing must thought noise yeah you like
me not team don't you don't you oh I
think that's is that daddy design
oh she reacted to your voice did you
know is me a thing she do is you think
she looked over and she heard you really
yeah uh-huh do you like she had a poo
explosion yeah I don't miss that I know
and so that's why she's changed
did you notice
it's a sunny site it's not easy to sunny
Sunday it's pathetic I got roped into
bringing Ricky to town I'm not rope
never a good kid mind you know about
politics and business business affairs
how is your business affairs these days
how's the how's the political system
treating you yeah that's what I taught
you lose your thoughts building in the
entire world
TM fact factoid right don't have don't
even don't you can argue with me that's
it as a tallest building in the world
you know in Shanghai is a changhai way
to have those bank buildings I think
they're like second tallest building in
the world that clearly is whatever that
whoa whoa is that talk to any worth it's
amazing I remember when I was walking
around New York he thinks why are the
building so small here then I came to
Corcoran I was like oh my goodness
how many stories you got one two three
four five six seven eight nine 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 21 22 oh my god earning
any building in the world has ever been
more than twenty two floors up how's it
no way I found I guess she just is duck
duck and tuck tuck and roll that's easy
to do tuck and roll when you're driving
news station that is also the biggest
bus station in the world ever in the
history of bus stations that is known
it's in the Guinness Book of Records
jokey is full of interesting facts today
oh god what if the bus turns the same
time as me Oh Ricky's we're heading back
home sorry about that
we're having some lunch okay because he
went to bring Erica into town and then I
think he went to get the car washed
would you like some soiled clothing this
is what mass toilet just whipped up
because she's so got a whipping things
up not like me prawns or shrimp and
spaghetti leftover spaghetti garlic I
think yeah and some parsley
young and amelia fell asleep
on me so she's in her little car seat
there I think she's probably gonna just
carry on sleeping and decided to go
manual he decided to go on manual in the
situation I don't know I kind of prefer
yeah the manual ones but every time when
Anna she's always like Judy automatic
job the automatic ones
Oh should you then two party started my
general proportions oh yeah this is all
fun very let's break this paint the
brake discs important to have that it's
important to have shiny wheels very
important to have change because after
the ladies like they're like see mister
nice shiny wheels
I'm sorry Shani wheels that's really the
ladies like and now we're having some
cake this is my one isn't it yeah it was
my little fork this Anton it to get a
media one of those maybe for her
christening or something actually we
have her that's what I wanted to get a
napkin ring because I have my napkin
ring which says my name on it and I
forget up so I want to get into media
Thomasina for her maybe for her
christening because I think that's when
I got mine not be cool so this is my
mom's apple cake which she may it's not
the Nigella one it's a different one but
I had some at home I actually still have
for my home but it's really good so I'm
gonna have some for it to their next
step get the old sponge aru out
bunju real house
nice guys lazy yo these are roomies ya
have 20 seconds left but um lovely girls
in the petrol station hooked me up for
the second one which is super nice of
them so I don't have to rush that much
because there's no way I will get all of
this done in 10 minutes so um thank you
lovely place PlayStation petrol station
girls that serve me my tuna sandwich
everyday
number three for the effective okay
number four however not so effective
mm-hmm just sort of dribble it on like
this oh goodness oh goodness
I'll just Jack on tree and then I finish
it up
pretty much done anyway but as for is
the lack you don't like my liver that's
why I'm also getting soaked
you feel like falling down on people you
are
oh you're mean
get to work chop-chop I love a fold on
my clothes are they going up into the
shop yeah hopefully all my clothes these
days been folded and everything that's
the gang doing it here
you guys wanna come in it's a one-way
ticket though once you come in you can't
go back out
make your choice he'll make you should
know don't turn around to go back out no
one more come on you let's go come on
come on oh good girl movies you in
common with the execs what I mean like
indie comedy Vinnie you guys isn't like
I'm talking like you know the identical
twins yeah you know I'm acting getting
them mixed up all the time how do you
even know which ones are now now when he
isn't gonna get a class off the chair
exactly
all right let's got some kettle visions
on the oh we doin
you can stand it around what watching
the TV is watching on TV do movies Viva
Villa look at him seriously
oh oh oh I think there's something wrong
with my car I think my car's got a mind
of its own car what are you doing car I
just stole nothing yeah is the German
men's car do not do it I swear it oh my
oh my goodness I am so what are you
doing why does even going on here car I
can't believe you're doing this to me
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
