what am I gonna do come on
mofo why does everything have to be so
difficult only all my life
so I just filmed a video for my mommy
Monday video which is going up on Monday
obviously and I don't know I just I
ramble so much the power cut out like
once in the thing which means I went
over ten minutes the first time so I
think they did a bit like 20 minutes
total Jove is gonna kill me he's like
you ramble so much and I walloped okay I
didn't actually a wallop her I gave her
a little slapping bump
I wanted to freakin crucify Bianca did
you remember guys when we got these four
beds for the dogs bad she dug a hole in
her bed and she ripped it apart and she
ripped the cover and she ripped at the
stuffing and I was just like no way I'm
just gonna take it away from her and
these beds were like 40 euros each or no
30 euros each and Bianca started on this
one so I throw a blanket and try and
stop her but of course that doesn't stop
her at all and she did it when I was
making my video so I she got up stopped
the video gave you first lap on the bum
I was like no bolt and she actually she
full-on like she fought back she was
like she did a little barky thing she
was like okay you sound like that but
you know she like was a little brat
about it you are a little brat thank you
hmm yeah you got a little slap in the
bum today didn't you
one of the old downsides to having loads
of lovely dogs is that they poo
if you like crazy people do you guys
pull not crazy people somebody yeah I
appreciate her enthusiasm as I was
kicking up the poops maybe I came over
and pooped right beside the bag oh my
goodness like cleaning up after one dog
is like a pain in the arse two dogs like
this is ridiculous
six dogs you thinking oh my god this is
like a full-time job
alby's mite out Xena is Anna's dog the
puppies are maniacs he doesn't know yet
what they are you know right guys in
there right guys hmm you know right oh
my god the vacuum cleaner won't work
I've never used it before Jove this is
the one who vacuumed both times it's
stuck there's like this little plastic
see how this one goes like down well
that should be the same I mean obviously
the thing is gonna snap right if I do
this but how awesome it's supposed to
put it down I've tried like moving it
like it won't work I think of the wheat
we're job is to come home come on mofo I
don't have to make these stupid
contraptions why couldn't you just made
it like a normal button like hello oh oh
yeah it's like many socks pretty cool
it's Saturday morning excuse me coming
through okay seriously seriously
so nippin and to upload your luggages
and the old the old pc the old puck puck
poking the Mac can I have a Big Mac a
large puck nice although I switched it
on the last day actually correct so and
Bend the plastic back oh you can't even
see and okay that might not work this
useless this just bent out of shape like
that okay so that didn't work no no
don't you know it's dangerous I'll be
what what is your major malfunction
you're at home anyways what I'm trying
to do here
it's like make the group big enough so
it will fit oh come on I wanna do this
my cue why does everything would be so
difficult only all my life huh ready
there's me part of youtubers life he's
waiting on uploads and it's not as
frustrating when you're in your own home
because you can decide to upload and do
your business
you have to go to a second location to
upload every single day that's a little
bit monotonous it's just that I turn the
heating off here by two weeks ago we
don't every how we left here so every
time I come here I am frozen and of
course I came
of course in my shorts cuz I was like
well short but now I'm having freezing
time short time is fun when you live in
California or Arizona or straightly ever
Ireland is not quite short time I love
waiting shorts don't I don't want to
stop wearing shorts there so I don't
know I like the way they feel on me you
know you don't feel so like committed to
wearing a full leg you're like half a
minute
I feel like I'm still kinda in my
pajamas but I'm not fully committed to
getting dressed and there's no totally
broken okay
I
right now what the country stand there
so I was just reading to come and say
you know it's kind of cool you know what
I was saying yesterday about you know
when you when you come up with like a
project or a planners I'm not to commit
to something and it will work out if
you're resilient and you committed and
you stay strong you don't you know give
up but just do a little more follow-up
than our 2006 is when I decided that I
was going to go after I'm trying to be
happy in all elements of my life and I
would say I'm and I am happy it did take
60 years for me to get to this point
saying like you know if you do it for
like a few months or a year and you feel
that like I'm not getting anywhere just
know that like it took me six years to
get from where I was to where I am now I
stayed strong it was hard it was very
very hard there was many times where I
thought like it's never I'm never gonna
achieve what I want but I stayed true
and I did it which means you can do it
too and the floor has been vacuumed I
vacuum the whole downstairs
I don't know javis might have to fix
that later because I don't know if
that's like probably kind of a temporary
thing
and you stick of your swing you happy in
there a while and look guys my new
cushions on the couch shuts the new
throw as well I think it looks really
good this one is kind of not that great
because it's the older one it doesn't
really fit properly but I just put it on
maybe it's time for num-nums
what do you think what do you think also
put my new lamp up I think it looks cute
there for the first my first time
fitting a bulb into any lamp or any
light fixture at all it was very proud
of myself okay it's fusspot let me we'll
get some num nums in your tum-tums lunch
time with Joe fee jokes I said it when I
was talking all you guys on Twitter
thanks for entertaining me while I was
waiting on the upload people were saying
wincy paranormal for
we went in our last year remember in the
crazy cinema man you guys seem paranoid
itv4 give me some comments below because
I will not be able to go and babysit
because Ines on the feed and no one else
can do it till we get pumping which is
like the six to eight weeks mark analyst
suggest we bring her Widow
I know she wouldn't understand what's
going on what if it's like really scary
you don't want to scary things in horror
movie this crying babies you know you
can help in the back of Majesties are
crying everyone be freaking out yo she
should be in a horror movie
of Bianca Navy returns when Bianca goes
bad she was bad you a boat girl are you
you bald you bowl not to be confused
with British I'm saying are you bold
Feeney's but more important information
oh you eat it there you see what you did
there
haha it's a couch day or accounts per
day oh you're like on that sweetie
okay to get Eugene coochie-coochie-coo
here goes who's your best look at your
best friend like that unfair only fair
cheater cheater who's the strong does it
girl in the whole house it there's this
dog I don't think they really bits right
I said it's a strong that's it baby
no who's the strongest we all right no
yeah you see he's the strong you know
it's not like there's a strong
cause I mean yeah I think that's what it
was there's the strong little baby
because I mean yes who is the strong no
there is a strong lady it's not a
question it's a statement who's a strong
little baby cause I mean yeah I mean
yeah who's a strong oh look for instant
did you like that for you did the baby
because I mean economy yeah oh are you
doing you're making little moves
yourself your brother Alberto is causing
trouble what is going on out here come
on here quick break from the potato day
quick break from the couch potato day
down under that done no I thought let
the top that says we're gonna come in
there and it was gonna and then the car
would fall apart in the set will drop
and Rubio when it did not happen so it's
just you and me
use your imagination people imagine all
that wonderful you have not seen Blazing
Saddles you should watch Blazing Saddles
it's hilarious but towards the end of it
you know what a guy is get me off this
set and then they take them today to the
studio and it was like get a ditch give
me a bush you mean surprise you didn't
did that's kind of what I was imagining
in my mind let's put on some music
so what do we got every guy give me
something good do some good
give it to me
oh yeah populism a
all right mr. Parmalee Ford of Buddy oil
and butter this is it no I think it's
actually dog body lotion
see this note again
fine
That's not me that's good play the best
we got a sample of this comfort pure
thing I wanted a baby first we have and
we've used it and we'll vote like oh my
god it's amazing so we're gonna keep you
knew to use ish I also got an but big
pile of Frank burgers for for the dogs
because we're having a fun evaluate they
thought they should have a fun planet a
tail it's all people were saying to
check that Halloween section for the
Finnish fancies is that they don't have
a Halloween section they have a
Christmas section they bypassed
Halloween that's the problem I think so
Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas
which is okay cause I like the pudding
in fact I like the pudding just much and
we're done done zo didn't take too long
at all little know you're thinking Joe
fees aren't you supposed to bring this
shopping with you
it's okay I was already here earlier on
Josh still nobody has vented to self
recoiling trolley so fortunately I had
to walk my trolley back my life is
filled with difficult challenges to
overcome
yeah who wants some tasty frankfurters
huh where's all my friends where's all
my friends all my friends are missing a
friend I'm missing a friend here we go
all right guys you ready you ready
ultimate treats ultimate treats okay
okay go boy Xena
good girl Tina oh boy I'll be okay so
I'll miss that one someone else got it
not sure he'll be oh yeah I'll be movies
huh do you guys think of that crazy
let's watch the camera there's a camera
in this thing you see me where am I
there's the camera yeah hey yeah it's
this it's this huh
don't worry it doesn't blow up mm-hmm
don't you worry about all this hey I'm
doing this wrong attention ready all
right activate laser not reversing well
I played at my brother's one last time
to chase your dog I gonna get you my
control unit came
therefore our guys
come on
the bank
hmm stupid things deal
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
