come on you can do it oh my god you're
walking on the moon you're walking on
the road I give up thank you bum
walking is overrated anyway
or up who owns a tasty copy I'd never
get I know your boobs out
yeah Haggans um thank you you pranking
what's going on here I have your morning
coffee Amelia pick actually probably
swim in this mug she's sweating this is
pretty too warm oh oh oh yeah when you
look your wait like oh god I'm not you
never like your worst be nice yeah yeah
beautiful mom um lady no GD to learn to
my faded Munich top with little pieces
falling offered he used to be Bavaria
now it's bad litora or something and
then I went with my my shorts my
Sorrento shorts huh you guys think and
then of course my hot body whoo
the myrrh used to be so fat and so I've
been trying at this new coffee look
Illya espresso um somebody said that's
this because the coffee's I was using
Wharram like your standard try to filter
coffee and I thought the world your nice
but even there morning grab that I have
it's not a mess on espresso French you
know the way this thing works the kind
of makes espressos and then what I do is
I let it run like it'll make an espresso
and then I let it run too kind of water
than the espresso if when you're in
Sorrento and I'd ask for like in it an
Americano they look at me all like talk
about is the Imam so what they do is
that they'll bring me an espresso and
like a little joke avoiding water and
then I pour my Express with your coke
important to boiling water they all
stood around like
while you go to the coffee go break at
the coffee sit song americano
I don't speak French boo boo boo boo boo
boo that's why it's an amazing reputable
hard metal band right but good for that
neck wrap you can open that II work just
in the vlog
it's so cute she's just sitting over
here content for her life are you
content with your life huh are you yeah
he's really important out to a to make
the baby's content by themselves my mom
always said that to me is like you know
sometimes in the baby cries you should
leave the baby crying because they
learned to sell sued and they also
learned to self entertain because I do
like to entertain you or look after you
all the time but sometimes mom and dad
just need to do their own thing I still
love you though
I'm sorry we're boring you didn't all
halloweenie
it's not a Halloween costume but it's
our Halloween clothes
I'm just here in front of our window and
window
what mirror even and I was doing my hair
I was starting to do my hair and she's
watching me I don't know if you guys can
see no but she's watching me in the in
the window in the mirror and it's so
cute says brushing my hair and she's
watching I was like oh can't wait until
I get to brush her hair if she's looking
right at me she's so alert like you know
she'll really notice me when I come up
to her and say hi and stuff these
hangers oh it's all pile in fact there's
like a really random pile and oh yeah
that's our new throw by the way which I
love it's so soft but see now started to
cuz um Alvey and Sina actually that's
something people we're asking about I'll
be in scene I still sleep in our bed
they're just um we tried a whole bunch
of different things it's a long story
I'm not doing that again the way that
works for us that we get the most sleep
involves having them still sleeping in
our bed just they sleep at the foot of
the bed
booth Tina started like trying to chew
this one up because she loved the other
one which is right there which I think
I'm going to give to her um she loved to
like you know do her little weird thing
with it like massage it with her paw I
don't know and bite it and stuff I tried
to do that last night so he just threw
it off and I put on the old one for her
I like how it looks I like the contrast
I think it's really cute I want to swap
it those two pink pillows they're going
in my room and then I'm going to add
some other ones and then our lamb shape
anybody can see or you can probably see
in the mirror it's crooked because I
think this is not right I think I got
like a lampshade
are you for real I don't think it's for
like a ceiling lamp so we might have to
try it upside down and then if that
doesn't work I might have to return it
but bye love you Jeff is going to upload
the vlog you still don't have internet
here which sucks claim missing out on
everything
Oh
and I think Juliana was born well I
don't think I know I saw a picture of
her um Judy and Benji from it's Judy's
life on YouTube they had their baby girl
oh my god and she's so cute I bet she
has hair doesn't she have hair
tell me if she has hair or not cuz I
can't watch their videos if a video is
more than a certain time like if it's
longer than a certain time I can't watch
it so it sucks but congratulations oh my
god they're probably not watching videos
right now but yeah she looks so cute I'm
so happy for them
and I thought she was wait further not
further along way behind more behind me
but turns out well I know she came early
but like that's crazy
cuz amelia was so late look anyways I'm
gonna trying to my hair now that she's
quiet and see how I goes oh and to upper
low indeed a vlog go into uploading zero
block there I was just uploading and a
do I did it am nay today I uploaded
uploaded to YouTube to YouTube then I
had some fusing comments in it made me
happy happy there I was a blue Lowell in
my video hair dry out work every time
my trick is every time I come here to do
a little bit more you know like I just
vacuumed the whole upstairs of the house
now you watch the stuff there but I'm
slowly moving it and getting rid of it
uh-huh I said I forget them Scott fit
good fit okay and I think I might cut
the grass as well it's a spruce it up
because it's saying there's 20 minutes
on the upload and should take me about
that time I would say to get the grass
cut and because it's getting longer and
longer I leave it obviously the harder
it's going to be to actually take care
of it I think I have my old shoes cuz
you wouldn't cut the grass in your echo
walks oh my hair is done zo and the baby
is and now I think I'm going to oh look
- an etheric little shelves
that's cute isn't it could our stupid
light shade it really pisses me off the
thing I like about these bathrooms is
that they're all this kind of like brown
gold um beige kind of like Dacor you
know like the colors of it I'm like into
my as much like video for the style diet
or is it too late I don't know I'm like
should I yeah I should i film like an
OOTD video or what should i do or should
I get started on or not get started but
finish off like the unpacking and all
the stuff that I'm trying to get
organized upstairs cos and box
this is suitcases boxes my room yeah my
room's kind of my rooms okay it's coming
along well this room it's just boxes and
boxes boxes and clothes and wool her
nursery is a disaster because oh there's
the launch of ask the yeah hamper that
we thought yesterday um you know like
her crib hasn't been built yet and it's
just like oh just such a lengthy process
is hoping so well I don't know either
also in the video or
make a start on that either one really I
don't know we'll see it's gonna take a
lot of work
that looks better dad isn't it Kirkland
leamas jofi you know that was probably
the last time I'm ever gonna cook the
grass here true many times how many
vlogs have we M have I been cutting the
grass summer at a time I did the ax
- don't worry sped it up then and stuff
so every time we did the paper Bands
thing on my other channel when I was
sitting over there I was telling like
when I was editing on his tag video the
other day I was kind of going to of my
hand going like what would I answer for
this and maybe it's under style ID I'm
watching go to style I watch that it's
like it's confessions I'm a beauty guru
or something like that and I was
thinking like come hold on so now it's
kind of actually on my head and I was
like maybe I should like or not maybe I
was like to want to and do you know
spike video stuff so I have another
channel open or dB I'm the worst at uh
blood I kind of went to phase right I
start off doing my animation stuff on it
and then it's heard starting like
pirates and it's time for an accident
starting like gaming stuff but then I
just kind of fizzle out I got bored of
it so I was thinking my something like
tag videos and stuff like that you know
um on my other channel um I'll let you
know if I actually do it um doesn't get
be kind of fun you know yeah maybe I
wouldn't think it's a good idea okay so
we had a pool explosion which probably
just caught a little bit off right there
sorry but I thought um literally huge
pool explosion picked her up out of that
chair that she was in upstairs there was
poop leaking all over her I was like oh
crap her room is full of stuff I can't
get to anything I couldn't find oh yeah
so like her nappy bag was down here but
I couldn't find any nappies because they
were not in them I'm almost out of water
wipes so I had to get more of those like
to leave her but you're never supposed
to leave a baby on a changing table
that's like so dangerous so clearly I
didn't leave her up here just sorry
about that salt pill again
sorry Amelia um so I put it on the floor
the dogs were like half and half a half
of them wanted to come in half and
wanted to go ahead it was crazy I was
like no so I ran upstairs I was trying
to grab all this stuff oh my god it was
such a disaster so we have to change her
now um I may also have to bathe her but
I hate doing that by myself so I might
wait well no dofus
be ready when he comes no I won't be
there I'll do that tonight ah ah crap
gets down to the Minehead streets I'm
coming by because I left laptop in the
theater house because I'm running at a
time we're always running at a time I
know I gotta drive all the way back to
the other the new house and pick up Anna
and Amelia and then drive all in my
theater I figured wrap up and then
hopefully go to the peel box we haven't
been there in like 2 or 3 weeks
I'm like oh my goodness I gotta go over
there like because I haven't been here
in so long
part no and then I want to try and get
my MacBook whoo don't have babies if you
intend to achieve anything with your
life ha ha oh my goodness can you
imagine being back there Nene's I can't
believe it I know what it's like Benji
I've been there oh my god could you
imagine being back there
it's so exciting I'm like I'm so happy
we're kind of past that no but like I
know exactly although Judy Anna's here
now you know what's up what's up
Julianne so in case you guys are
wondering why I'm in the back of the car
now here that I happened to had a
traumatic day we had yeah like literally
the worst most terrifying
horrifying experience in my life ever
happened yesterday last night in fact
we're driving home and maybe I was in
the back like this like always he was
having like a really like she was pretty
cranky when we left um and she started
crying like but it was like bawling you
know like she she really was upset
usually she starts to settle down when
she gets in the car whatever she was
just she was really upset last night
couldn't read you anything about it
because we had to
just go home and she kept crying and
crying and crying but it was like really
really bad you know like bawling crying
and then she just stopped so I just
figured she fell asleep and then I
started to get a bit I don't know just
something in me just was I don't know I
just felt like I needed to check so I
stuck my hand back you know I was
sitting in the front so I couldn't redo
much when I stuck my hand back and I was
just kind of feeling her and like you
know be like hey Mia you okay you know
checked she was asleep you know what she
was doing she was just very very quiet
all of a sudden you know I started like
I put my finger in her mouth she didn't
like stuck on it or anything which was
strange for her I started like lifting
her arms and stuff and they would just
flop down and then I was like what is
going on like so then um I was just like
feeling back and you know doing all
these things and then I started
panicking like really really panicking
it was horrible and um she wasn't like
responding or moving or anything and I
kept trying to put my it was dark it was
read art last night as well and I kept
trying to put my hand like up at her
nose to see if she was breathing but I
couldn't feel anything but Jonathan
she's not moving she's not moving and
then I started I was just so panicked I
was like pull over I was like screaming
at him like pull over and so he pulled
over and he got out of the car and um he
went ran he started going Amelia and it
was just something in his voice that
like freaked me out the way he was like
Amelia he started shaking her and she
wouldn't like wake up so I don't know
what happ I actually don't even remember
how it happened but something I've never
jumped into the back of a car so fast in
my life sort of right here in the back
and yeah I just like I don't know even
how it happened I don't remember I just
one minute I was there and next minute I
was right here I unstrapped her like
just like wrenched her out of her seat
and I started shaking I I honestly
thought she was dead like it was the
most havoc to me for it terrifying
because she wasn't waking up like she
was not waking up I really I thought she
was dead and my initial thought was like
my life is over like that I do feel that
I actually experienced the entire thing
like I feel like I experienced that what
that was like it was like a near-death
experience
just in a really deep sleep but she
wasn't responding that's the thing like
we're like she's not shaking her butt
you know like wake up my god
and she wouldn't wake up and I just like
I don't know I I felt I honestly I felt
like my life was just over everything
came crashing down I was like life isn't
worth living if any more it was horrible
like now I'm over at my Mable to talk
about it but even like afterwards I
couldn't even vlog about it even if I I
tried I was just too upset so like she
came back from the dead or it was so
horrible told us you know they've had
experiences more so in like cots and
stuff at night yeah both because we co
sleep I've never experienced that no
example leave a comment if you've had
any similar experiences I bet I bet you
have anyone with kids I bet you had
those moments as well yeah make me feel
better cuz that was so scary and then I
told my mom and like a really lengthy
text message last night she was like oh
my god that is terrifying she's like you
should tell your doctor when you see him
next week it's like well what am I gonna
tell him though she fell asleep the
medial fall asleep and we thought she
was dead
can you find a cure for that please
did you give us something for that
Thanks so it doesn't happen again and we
made it to town actually made it
somewhere oh goodness
we deserve a medal oh oh we haven't
visited the peel box for two weeks so
there's quite a lot of stuff oh no
your visit to make two runs and here's
my little friend hi hi just a couple of
things
uh-huh that's what you get when you go
visit
oh yeah every week can I regret like
yeah the retinol one or two none retinol
one
side yes I did a deal because I was like
cuz I think was like almost like she ran
so I was like throw in a keyboard and a
mouse and he did he went got me a
keyboard and I managed to throw in oh my
goodness did you see the funny thing
look how thin it is oh yeah I went for
the retina one by the way it's a new
record screaming yeah the will throw
they love it ya know these toys designed
by Apple in California I don't know
maybe California's in there oh I thought
it was like a big box
maybe it's the Apple care or something I
don't know open this we open it up you
turn this bad boy on hello
thin it is huh hello so cool oh my god
Jonas comes with actually you show me at
the side of it it actually has yellow
HDMI plus SDHC that is so cool all the
other MacBooks don't have HDMI in it
which is well Andy yeah yeah yeah I
think there's only released a few months
ago oh it's so nice alright let's beat
this bad boy up first boot up awesome
Antigua plated on my Apple ah I'm gonna
bite it on my Apple oh this takes
forever to load up yeah hey wait wait
first fast I wouldn't laugh okay I
wouldn't laugh I probably gonna have to
go like do loads of stuff cuz it's the
first time I turned it on
tell her what country I'm in and all
that malarkey so exciting
don't think you boys love just pressing
the keyboard yeah look I see loads of
stuff right hold on and we're in it's
connected
Oh fancy smancy for your face time on it
oh yeah nice
what other kind of stuff do you get yeah
I got loads of stuff all right well I
need to get my editing software and also
I need to log on to Adobe hold on Ben a
baby burping a baby burping burping
burping burping burping a baby
Jezzie that is like so much fun so
powerful
I'm just downloading my editing software
stuffs oh hello how are you
you doing are you doing do you have a
boo-boo nappy I think you have a poopoo
nappy I think the little little poops
see any new boobs do you have a poopoo
nappy everybody said do you have a
poopoo do you have a poopoo nappy isn't
he Erica tickling you he sent you Harry
K tickling you well she was laughing at
your on you getting tickles
you got tittles oh my the feet go on
Mantle's take it chicken tears got the
toodles
titters tittles stickers which you can
have tittle sue you can be tickled and
have the tittles experiencing the
fiddles do you experience the tittles
are the tickles
we choose you want diddle there tickles
almost done just getting the editing
done now and then getting Photoshop
stalled and we are ready to rock what's
this now look installing update for OSX
fancy pants come on you can do it oh my
god you're walking in the room you're
walking on the road I give up thank you
mom
walking is overrated anyway hey I was
thinking happy we came to get the
internets and now we got free dinner I
can come to the Internet
I came oh you came for presents I came
to internets what did you come for
I come for the food every on Twitter did
my mom take the money
you see I'm money taker Angeles yeah she
did potential in it you bought us all
that stuff sure she got even Oh
oh my so silly a money you know what
goldfish Fionan
you know chickens chicken - Oh YUM
lemon pasta what okay see lemon pasta I
had lemon so my grandma is the same way
she'll just put money in your purse if
you try if you try to not take it we
call her ninja granny ninja honey send a
comment on Twitter you don't mean Jamie
scrum the London London lies come the
London London lies come the Lumbee love
the lies comes in lambda lambda life
let's go
I couldn't leave them they're lying hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
