it's just a bit you idiot hard Theodore
I mean yeah you in your little swing
she's something very again I just filmed
yes I filmed a video for the style dice
boys lies I tell you did you read it
follow the video were to sell it I'll
just do the whole and I knew Alan yeah
like my tripod right there my tripod
that I got from YouTube for Christmas
that wasn't it was the bonus thing it
was like two years ago isn't it yeah my
grandmother my OMA cuz she's German
that's my color OMA by the way to put it
it's always so mighty so many questions
every time I say OMA people are like
you've chairman no my grandmother is
German what's the connection
Oh Theodore so cute encinas bed she
wanted to know our new address
like straight away because she wanted to
send us a card so funny cuz she told me
on the phone like yes it was yesterday
where is the day before yesterday she
was like um I asked your mom for for
your new address but I don't trust her
so I'm asking you as well it's like you
don't trust her what are you talking
about she sent this card from Galway cuz
that's where she lives and I can't read
her writing that's always oh I can read
that one
it says Emilia huh anyways I'll read
that in a second so that was very nice
of her we've got a few new cards
actually we've got a card from trophy
sirs mommy
we've got a baby card which came with a
gift for Amelia do you want to go
peepees outside outside guys outside
outside
good dogs going newsies get up get up
come on Rach your bum good look at this
lazy little lump good I need to look
after
Familia she needs to be fed we got
supplies for to make wraps yesterday so
I'm gonna make us some wraps that's my
leftover pizza from last night that's
gross
um I'm going to yeah I'm gonna make us
some wraps for lunch today I did it I
did it as you guys know in yesterday's I
did it I'm rendering it into now new
intro what do you guys think of it did
you like it you know I did all of that
because you haven't learned
international I couldn't like download
assets so I just took photos of
everything in the clock and the pups and
Nene's hair stuff on her face you guys
remember eight years ago like and was
like a film crew hey David and they are
filming us but then we didn't really
talk about much but they were in the
background because they didn't want us
to put at footage of them doing the
stuff because then it was like they
wanted to just keep it like organic and
stuff anyhoo that's on Monday half nine
or te1
I think better documentary about an
Irish television and like you know
what's what is like the future I know it
was gonna be called the future by
television but it's closing the house
now where is television going and stuff
like that you know where it's like
YouTube is getting so big now and the
internet and entertainment and stuff
it's like so many different variables
now so and you saying that we're we're
like kind of scattered shredded at the
start and some good bit so am I asked
him can you watch it outside of Arland
they said possibly plus the oblate
because it's an entire documentary I
can't really put the entire documentary
to flog now be Craig Craig wouldn't it
think you can watch it I'll definitely
put the link into or T player I think
you can watch anyone lreland go check it
out Monday evening after you watch the
vlogs you should have just enough time
to make yourself a snack depends what
kind of snack you're making of course
you know we're gonna have a monster a
snack like Nene has hair that would take
a couple hours to prepare something like
that jhope you in your hand bit of
chicken fetish that's it just that dish
just just one chicken Philip oh yeah
it's gonna be exciting
I have just bypassed to petroleum stay
Oh Liam best oh this is crazy Claire
made sweet chili but we bought this
yesterday as a sort of a test and it
doesn't appear to be working
oh wait is the one of these ones where
I'll get in the same about time about
you made a fool of ah crap I'm an idiot
I'm gonna get it's official take two
because I was ready to bring it back
there to shop me like you're a pesto
reason work did you remove the cap sir
Oh fun and that's forcing me to put some
of this stuff in here and some charred
evil traditional Italian town in County
Cork jofi lunch special oh yeah homemade
petrol station rat no really state of
the internet in Ireland oh my goodness
like it's so crap it's like no where
everybody like I have tried for like
three years to get on the fiber ring no
not a hope in Harry unless you live in a
flat land in the middle of the city
centers on that look what I got well not
just me but look what we got from my
sister Emma
she sent a package from Germany look at
those little pinky this is for Amelia
it's a little big look at this rattle
it's like it's like a proper one you
know how it rattles nowadays are kind of
usually like soft toys but this is an
actual rattle cool that's cute because
her first top that note on her first
book for her going home at fit had a
Bambi on it
oh this card is so cute look it says
okay I'm not gonna say it cuz people
make fun of my German oh but it I know
it means it means how lovely that you
were born so that was ridiculous
I think now I think Emma can correct me
if I'm wrong cuz we didn't really know
what was for boom
so these engineers came out the guys
that I have had before in court and
they're like oh sorry actually it turns
out that the house is our house I'm not
gonna on an area that like mostly cork
is like full of hills and stuff you know
and I'm like this is like a joke so they
can't give me internet so I've got to
find bloody internet if you're live in
Cork maybe some comments on who your
internet service providing is from and
we'll see if we can sort some ivory to
tally Wally's about downloading because
I don't download much at all but I do
upload oh boy do I upload I upload like
a crazy ant and that's annoying or can I
have your Internet's send your
Internet's to the PO Box so I think
these are for me which is funny because
I was looking for socks remember I went
into her room looking for socks though
thanks Emma and then she told me that
this I already knew where this she sent
me 3se polishes and this why I asked for
it was chinchilla this is eternal
optimist and this is island-hopping I
really wanted done because she was going
on about how they have so many se
polishes there and then can't get them
over here
chocolate British Ritter sports sport
white chocolate with cornflakes yeah
these are probable yeah or maybe that
one as well
I don't know Jonathan is busy editing my
video right now we got some presents
from honest iolite as well we got this
remember we were looking at that in
Tesco my first Halloween some things
from Zara look another little it's a
reindeer I love you dear in the park
this really cute top twinkle twinkle
little star I actually would you like
her in gray some great leggings and I
remember when Erica used to wear
leggings and shoes baby they look to be
cute on her and look this little panda
and oh that's but that actually goes
this perk claw
anyway and then oh yeah mi sent this
gummy bears tea is it tea and this for
my mom so cute it's a piggy and this is
for Eric I think so
thanks Emma if you're watching euros up
this we're gonna go and get some
hopefully get some home de coria things
cuz I need to UM get some stuff for that
rightly same brightly and I hear that in
the gun stores home section what a mom
and it turns out I have all the monies I
have all the money in the world can I
have all the money in the water what
would you I want to have much money all
the money in the world is you know how
much is away
I suppose laughing fully digital in it
all the money in the world is there an
amount tonight I suppose the print money
like everyday so it's like constantly
growing what would you do if you had all
the money in the world do you think
it'll be boring wouldn't it I know
either they Joe P when do you learn
about winning the lotto would be like
epic for a short period of time and then
you'd be like well what am i motivated
in a sense you know actually come to
think of it if I won if I had all the
money in the world I probably be doing
okay I probably have a nice a car I
don't know what I wear nicer clothes I
don't know I like my clothes
um the blog will be the vlog I'd still
definitely be doing YouTube I love it
like oh my god so I didn't vlog anything
of what just happened there so stressful
so yeah no it's funny so I went with my
mom I asked my mom would she like to
come with me to come to go home decors
shopping which we did a lot of as you
can so here in to done stores and that
was fine then I realized I had forgotten
my card my debit card what would you do
if you had all the money in the world I
don't think I'd do anything I would just
continue doing what I'm doing right now
because I have never in my life being as
happy as I am today
okay not today because I just find out I
can't get the internet providing so
apart from that little hiccup I am
pretty I'm pretty happy
I'm rich you tend to it myself you know
ask yourself that question and then we
know think whenever whatever your answer
is that you think of them below you can
do that without all the money in the
world put a plan together people put a
plan together five year plan ten year
plan twenty year five ten minutes clan
think yourself I'm gonna get a coffee
then commit to the plan follow through
and you will find yourself with a cup of
coffee in ten minutes
and then like try an hour planner to our
plan and a week plan and a month plan
and a year plan and you'll find that you
can bloody achieve anything you want you
just make a plan stick to it and don't
lie to yourself as Joe fees words of
wisdom for today and then I asked Joe
fizz to come and drop it down so he went
off
driving to the wrong place the wrong gun
stories who went to the done stories in
Bishop's town in like peak traffic
I just I was like I'm almost there I
like far through all this traffic to get
myself stuck in even more traffic to go
to the wrong place she was out like one
end of Corrigan I drove all the way to
like the other end pit court
oh my good I blame gun stores for having
to home where sections they should have
one home section and that is it that is
final Tuva homewares actions one on
either side of the city what did they
take it they're asking for trouble then
he decided to
go to my mom says so he was there for a
while but then he got bored so he went
off to Mountain point today but now or
picking up Erica which were late for and
she has to somehow get herself into the
back of this car
oh no she wasn't crying the whole time
she cried in the beginning when we went
to during the stories and then she
stopped crying and then she started
crying and when we got into the car and
now she stopped because she's got the
hairdryer app that actually really
worked
Erica should be around here somewhere so
I wanted to show you guys and what I got
sorry it's so dark in here this is
everything that I thought guys went
crazy but it was so stressful and I need
to pay my mom back because she had to
pay for everything else and I made her
promise I was like promise me because
she's a bit sneaky sometimes I promise
me you will allow me to pay you back she
was like I will I understand cuz I was
really upset that I forgot because the
whole point was to go and like get all
this stuff for the house and then I
didn't even have any money we're going
there for dinner tonight
so I'm gonna force her to take my money
um because that's what I have to do with
my mom she's just a little bit sicky or
she'll try and like show off money into
your pocket sometimes like if you won't
take it or whatever she'll try and give
back to you so some other way but she's
not getting away with it this time cuz
this was too much I'm rambling as usual
puppies are really interesting what this
is but I want to show Joe ffice what I
got so this where does that go
I don't know um it could go like here or
it could go there okay two lampshades
okay okay oh goodness let's get ice we
have explosions that's how we have a
problem okay so I got this one for our
bedroom Oh
nice uh WETA diamonds no for the main
one it's a crappy old one you know right
now and then I got this one
gee I wonder twilit brushes I got three
of these I exactly the same because we
don't have any toilet brushes and then I
got matching bins for the upstairs
bathrooms see super expense it's 80
euros
yeah um for Asian euros for something
for the dogs to sit on
who wants for us it's actually like it's
just a big you idiot was it it's nice
though right oh yeah it's Paul Costello
that's why it's so expensive
pppp pppp pppp pppp baby baby baby music
for the one of the bedside tables in the
spare room because it's humble you know
the spare room why do you know this bear
I know guys like Emily oh I got this you
got this for the bathroom yes because I
figured you need it
what's that one for a bed okay for a bed
that's for the cage for the bed do you
like it
it's nice and soft
I know this is all for my room oh wow
it's pink and white oh and wait do you
think you made it he's gonna be hearing
them someday
yeah well you can have different bedding
you want to use weeks yeah you know the
little sticks you stick them in yeah but
it's cinnamon flavor so it's how to be
good for Christmas
okay handy for the carbon-14 what Oh
that pouch was yummy actually the one
that we had this week laundry basket or
like a laundry hamper for the hallway so
yeah put it in the home so then
everybody can put their laundry in the
hall there one upstairs as little and we
lived in Baltimore I always remember
Ireland abastos in the hall and we're
going to fit a media in there yeah and
one time when I had like a birthday
party or something we were doing a
hide-and-go-seek David and I hid in
there yeah you'll find you don't think
so it was a really good one we got these
candles french vanilla that's the baby
one yeah and this is the funny one
whoa see this is Melling different yeah
no they're the same french vanilla
the monster is a scene all right let's
get let's get busy
honey what is your favorite oh my god
last one you're taking in all the good
ones
kofi spots you guys then you see you
squish them Oh
the other ones are good the orange ones
are good pink ones are good if you can
find any what's the blue ones like nope
you might like the blue ones chewy
whoa not for jokey are they got
chocolate I like that Trevor and I think
the rest I feel what oh I might
okay there's your there's your box and
use my platter that's fair will he leave
him you devilishly delicious Portuguese
in Portugal Ossian for museum Oh
oh no falafel kisser who's just a
falafel kiss huh he was not enough focus
oh you keep going from side to side I
don't know what side you're going to ah
mommy said no to the horsey game how do
you feel about that hmm
and you feel about that exactly
Frankie no mamas all right you come here
you're gonna have to jump you got to
blog and hold the phone at the same time
I know it's a task that not many people
would know all right one confused why
I'm going to lie on your table you asked
me because I can't forget
alright you take a picture
wait no it's kind of odd take it again I
just I just figured out this new
planking thing well it's not new it's
like did you ever start in this did you
ever play anywhere
yep we're in the park with some grad
borders for Dukakis like on him on her
face bitch exactly look at my second
planking experience and tell me I'm
gonna get I'm gonna be like a
professional did you see the one of my
head yeah see what's next
challenge me talons me people of the
world Oh tofu a blanket sneaky midnight
adventurer Tesco Oh
Open Sesame you know it's super late
when it's like this
yes yes yes no they were really good I
must say for someone that like me
because my courage it's amazing
what does it mean when the price tag is
up right does that mean something
different I get this wall they're hiding
everything buying always hides all the
good stuff behind a wall huh
hmm sometimes if you go late to Tesco
and get all the good deals like to
reduce stuff because all the stuff
that's like baked fresh in the day the
repairs I came too late and it's all
gone that's that last chance to redeem
yourself
last chance
nope like normal pants is no fiendish
fancies but it is the world's biggest
laptop katana always reminds you of it's
a new like dell building but doesn't it
look just exactly like one of their
laptops or a computer of some sort or
maybe I'm crazy
who knows hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
