oh my god
to the storm we were talking about
yesterday did actually come that's a
quite going come on go on come on
outside look anymore
it's like soaking in don't you have to
wait no good huh no who's next who's the
hell
who's next please go back outside
where's going back outside cuz it's like
storming rain good boy I'll be the boy
it's a few hours later that was like
about 6:00 this morning when their app
but meh meh it's now about half seven I
think you just figured out that rain is
actually fun or something you just keep
wanting to go outside I'm not
complaining I'm not complaining
of course alby's not it's not hmm
it's a little footprints that you've
left now I've been up for hours
jealous of you so goodbye I've just been
sitting here like watching her my boob
I'm like come on I wanna get off her she
can suck on my room time for a morning
nap eg yeah would you like a morning a
few teens open those big eyes elephant
is here
all right get your face out of there you
trying to hide from me you trying to
hide from me can't hide from the tickle
monster you can't admit tickle monster
tickles have no effect on you but
someday soon they will dad
you're pretty boys right had an idea for
an intro thing I'm gonna see yeah see
this works I'm gonna take some pictures
and assets jeez want to be a little
intro we think some photos of you we
haven't been having my part every
morning for the last I don't know how
many days now since we moved because all
her fridge stuff is still back at the
fridge at the rented place so it's just
kind of like hectic but I feel off like
I feel just wrong if I don't have my
part every morning for breakfast then
such a creature of habit I'm gonna make
some right now I've got Nana soy milk
and courage and I've got to cinnamon I
don't have any blueberries sucks that
they're not actually that nice right now
anyway if you have to find a different
fruit blueberries are not in season
right now and they just taste a bit like
so the first time ever I'm gonna make
some for Joe cos cuz he told me like
when we first met he didn't like courage
and so I never really made it for him
before but now I think he wants to try
it I don't think he's curious so I'm
gonna make some for him as well I mean
you guys kind of cranky right now need
to be fed but I can't feed myself first
okay so I'm gonna make some for job well
we'll see how he likes it I told him you
can put sugar and hit the few things
it's too blind but um do you have sugar
as well you can also sprinkle I'm just
like that it was pretty clear thing okay
I'm gonna make it so this is joke who
says I just chopped up his banana and
I'm making some cinnamon sugar which is
just sugar and cinnamon
it's pretty simple no this is my one and
then I'm gonna do the exact same thing
with mine
except with that sugar because I don't
need sugar but I think Jeff is a not
like it if it doesn't have sugar in
itself
oh thank you all wait what are you doing
on her new pope what do you think this
is like the asset list of what I've got
done this is like the scene isn't it so
cool and I'm probably gonna do an after
fact but I can mess is over there
somewhere
come on Maxie come back to me mercy
again this is the problem screens you
know and mm I can like my name is
Vanessa Cooney OnStar boy it all right
my name is Joe first yeah and so on and
so forth ha ha ha oh my just as I leave
the ring it's even more stupid she's
looking at the comments on the things I
posted on Facebook and everyone's asking
a bad and Amelia of course it's actually
Amelia I wouldn't put up another child
like the boater that I took this morning
I took about 400 shots I said the camera
to one a full stream of am of a shot
sitting right on her and on her little
buggy her City thing they're gonna do
and then I got that shot and then I
like so it would fit into the thing
but I'm it definitely wouldn't have used
a nun Emilia shot oh yes I like here
just just just just in case you're
wondering just cuz I can you know
sometimes I like to just like stretch my
legs in a different hands you know oh I
just need a fireplace you know like this
just casually was that neighbor no I'm
just I'm just my fireplace nothing to be
alarmed about business and homeowners in
Cork City and County are bracing
themselves for more flooding heavy rain
and high tide but in many parts this
morning the amount of damage was minimal
due to an early warning alert yesterday
we heard alert downpours we continued in
parts of Munster today
Oh master John Blackburn said strong
winds and high tides are compounding the
problem it is very windy and we've got
your very windy not very windy indeed
behind the truck stuck behind the truck
stuck behind the truck stuck behind a
truck it's a toy all of that truck gets
a little blue truck you do why I'm stuck
behind the truck okay so Amelia has
asleep right now and I have just been
feeling like crap all day so I went to
sleep for a while for a really long
while and Joe has brought me a bunch
which is very nice of them so I wanted
to get some stuff done because I feel
like there's just tons of stuff to do
but I just always feel sick because of
the antibiotics I want to be finished up
with the old house and like you know I
feel like there's like there's we have
two different houses right now so I need
to do something in both kind of thing I
did unpack downstairs but I never
actually got a chance to unpack upstairs
for me so there's all this stuff
everywhere so I'm gonna make a start on
my room that's like gonna be my project
for never when your baby is asleep
mm-hmm how are things wrong yeah that
one should go on that wall there mhm and
then I'll probably do a few cupcake ones
there I'm not really sure I've got this
wall and that wall as well but I want my
cupcake calendar
Sam gave me because I like this one a
lot
I want this one like here in front of my
dad because then I can like you know
amazing I'm probably gonna have to put
the boxes under the bed for now because
mm-hmm that's kind of the neatest store
I mean I have storage under there which
I was using in the old place but it's
back there or something yeah look at all
the cupcake stuff everywhere
so funny cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake
cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake
on the door so once you guess how many
cupcakes are in this room okay will
kinda thing now when I say cupcake what
is that cantaloupe this is one one two
three four five six seven eight nine
that is nine cupcakes
what yeah all right the bank ah well you
know three six nine twelve two sides
right yeah Haven cupcake in here won't
be giving away where they have to use
their x-ray vision
what are every note that you're gonna
have not any Marisa how many how many
pages on this alright your anything this
is crazy count ready you ready ready
yeah
okay it's not this and then on the
cushion or caliber 2012
once in the cup is actually 16 on this
one 16 months yeah well you can tell
some of the cupcakes maybe no one like
this yeah yeah yeah age isn't it is it
is each payment okay oh goodness
lady count all right get that what you
do if I do not see where are we good
guesses I'll come after you at me hammer
you're imprisoned you've been trapped
trapped in your prison keep the animals
out don't feed the babies guys I guess
the daddy dressed her today huh bottom
half okay with the dog doesn't matter
what so I can find in the box it's the
band
sorry I can't hear you over there
rustling of the monsters feed them an
arm okay so this is the room so far we
hung some things that looks very lonely
on its own I'm not really sure about
that picture on that wall to be honest I
don't have anything else that kind of
goes there yet I think we also did it
too high for the meantime it's gonna
read that one so it just looks very sad
and alone maybe when there's more stuff
in the room it'll look better but yeah I
think possibly it's a little bit too
high as well bear with me okay I'm in a
process here this wall however I think
that again it looks small from camera I
don't feel like it's better in real life
I'm not that great at decorating
guidance in case you haven't noticed
here's my plan because personally I
think it's the nicest room like other
room in the house bedroom and the has
other than the master obviously the
master is always gonna be the best room
but then this is kind of like the second
best and so this would have been this
would be Amelia's room and it will be
Amy Nia's rooms that's my plan is that
right now her nursery is the small one
beside us because it makes more sense
it's closer to us it's the right size
everything I'm gonna make this room my
room essentially like for filming videos
possibly I don't know I might film
videos and other locations tour and I
haven't decided yeah um it's also gonna
be a spare room for when Erica comes
that's the plan the other spare room is
for when my mom comes if or if other
guests come like so Jeff is his mom and
family and just stuff like that that's
why we decided to have two spare rooms
but essentially this room I'm gonna make
it into like a perfect little girly room
like a little girl's room like a cupcake
room cuz I have a lot of cupcake things
Bryan was that Amelia I can have it when
she's older like she can move in here
baby number two possibly
we'll have the nursery you know what I
mean so that's why cuz people are like
why don't you give them in this room
because it's nicer you know it is nicer
so this is there's so lots of jump in
the bed but that's the profit oh and I
forgot to show you guys that's probably
the best-looking wall because they had
another calendar which I was using in
the old place as well and it's black and
white so I thought it looked good with
my my picture that Josephus did for me
this throw I think I'm gonna put on the
bed because I'm gonna get some new um
blankets and stuff or what you call them
like a duvet set for the bed again a
really girly one and some pillows and
cushions and stuff like that I'm just
trying to figure out cuz there's not a
lot of storage but they said in this
space so I think I'm gonna put boxes
like under the bed just put them like
neat neat look I have three there and
they look good and they're actually
there's makeup and one of those palettes
in one of them there's dog clothes in
another and there's newspaper clippings
like a press book kind of thing in the
other so yeah and then there's bracelets
and that one over there but they're cute
boxes you know kind of kept a lot of
cute boxes that I want to use the
shoeboxes are all going in my closet in
the master bedroom handbags are probably
gonna be in another closet as well but I
just want to show you guys the progress
so far and also need to find a place to
hang or to put this cuz that's cute but
I don't have any magnet um or what you
call it you guys know what I mean yeah
magnetic like service I don't have any
okay so I got some of the stuff off the
bed it's definitely taking a long time
this is definitely not gonna be finished
by today I organized all my makeup I
need to get a label or just label all
that stuff cuz it's kind of confusing
right now staff some boxes under the bed
as well and yeah I got rid of like a
bulk of the things that were here I also
organized excuse the sweaty face I'm
that's not work
now you better be able to pretty dark I
did all my shoes I mean I mean my flats
on my sandals and things I thought my
heels are already done and then I'm kind
of just working on my boots which I
can't find oh you guys can't even see
but I can't find the boots I'm not
really sure where they are
there's me it's just too much I can't do
it you're so cruel we had it all we got
everything sorted before we move we had
a routine we had everything and ever
since you've moved a routine some of you
guys commented about leaving her babe on
when she was in bed and thank you for
letting me know that because you guys
were like oh be careful cuz her big
could flap up on her face and she could
suffocate so um yeah thank you for
pointing that out but your speech
doesn't sleep with a baby Ozzy at night
but I think that one time that you guys
saw her was when Judith napping and she
had a bib on so we're gonna have no news
now no mums oh yeah what are we having
come on baby come on little princess
Darcy all right so you Rascals rascal
Cheney charge
baby baby baby me
so we're doing a late night Tesco shop
because it's actually nine o'clock right
now we still haven't had dinner but I
did have lunch at about 5:00 wife yeah
I'm going to go really long nap today
because I needed it like oh oh oh there
we go I really needed it because I felt
so I'm so sick and then it went away
after I had slept so I think I just need
to rest more I know everybody keeps
telling me that and they keep ignoring
everybody and just being like we don't
do stuff we just moved and like
everything is all over the place and
nevertheless anyway the point of what I
was saying is that we're doing a late
night Tesco shop because we've been
putting it off or so so a lot mm-hmm
they're so cute it's not like a reindeer
does have it doesn't renew ears oh my
goodness
it's too early though my first Halloween
have they no looks like they set this up
just for media because this was never
here before last year they didn't do
this yeah and I think you two girl
tights when we do a monster what are we
gonna dress her up eyes are we gonna
pumpkin already just fun - laptop
I love the pajamas realistic we should
really meet like three outfit what if
you go a moon a pentagram and a crab the
old trick right now - keep moving
play stop I stopped dinner on myself and
I don't we're looking at self moves like
she kept crying so you stopping around
hi bye yeah no yeah we're gonna go for
everything when we bought the luggage
and I was like oh my god now I need the
cutlery oh my god I needed five stickers
it's only five stickers don't Howard is
a couple of different styles
so they even happen to have a ton of
stickers that you don't want you know
what to do with them but they are
they're very similar to the Marquis I'm
just thinking something like like the
jumbo ins look at this mini jumbo the
mini ones yeah they just last so long
they keep busy for ages that's what I
like about them maybe we can use that in
the media to slap a jumbo in a math on
each so you monster the kind of dogs
that eat Ostrom bones also eat Maltese
puppies hmm
see we got the we got the file on the
other day and I think it kind of it is
here like normal by Owens
I think it kind of affected her so we
need to get non-viral look at the fair
anyone's to have a little baby on it
their non bio personal is non-viral 35
washes 20 washes 9 euros 15 euros
seven euros this one non bio capsules
saved two euros ma seems
that seems like a good deal yeah it's
into by past Halloween entirely and gone
straight for Christmas but where's all
the like fiendish fancies everybody on
Twitter keeps sending me tweet pics and
Twitter fancies or fiendish fancies and
joke he's got no fiendish fancies yeah
look that's all the spooky Jacobs
McVitie stuff if you're having a lonely
Christmas I want to do better no way
pudding bomb but I have a story to
enlighten my friends wish I would say I
was in Thanksgiving I mean my family's
has in Connecticut and we're having like
Thanksgiving stuff and then my dad had
brought over a pudding and there was
some sort of a joke about like who you
send to more pudding someone a pudding
it's like a joke or something like that
I don't know leave me a comment if you
are if you can enlighten me on that
account what it was but I remember my
dad giving reporting in there all laugh
and you're like oh we don't really give
puddings or something and I can't
remember any semantic identities I will
settle for some mom rum and raisin
slices plum sweet caring young Christmas
cake snow stars me mint leaves many
walls oh my god they put mint in the
mini rose what the hell hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
