good morning Amelia good morning Amelia
hello-o
what actually got me got monkey feed for
me you could be the monkey feet you
gotta do the monkey feet you know no one
give you Cooper kabaah you a girl Amelia
Amelia me Nia you little Amelia
that's except talk in the morning yeah
yeah no you know how are you are you to
kid us oh yes you are
oh what's that oh my god are you in a
talk you're gonna talk see Dad see jofi
Joffrey jokes say Jovie jokes oh my god
I'll be amazing if you say jokey jokes
do it
jokey jokes oh I got you here hmm
let your hair go girl call Amelia Amelia
who me me up mm-hmm are we gonna try
swimming today are we are we gonna try
soon today are you excited to go singing
do you want the call something's missing
you daddy
it was really nice to see him with Daddy
mommy's finished in the shower
mommy's finished in the shower mommy
finish the show was that yeah did Leto's
negatively to us tippy toes
oh are you just the cutest little
munchkin in the world look what daddy
has socks for you
um this is all I could find okay
different sucks it's all I could find
it's all I could find you don't see
anybody in any way look after me all
right so which do you want the fluffy
one on this side oh go fluffy on this
side and pink spocky on this side just
don't tell Mom okay she's a stickler for
the details
gonna help dad I'm gonna help that do
work yells what's amazing about this
this chair exactly Theo exactly now baby
baby baby I can actually wheel myself
around the entire house look I know that
I never need to stand up ever again I'm
just gonna nip in here grab something
from the kitchen now I am am now is
sitting down ready for her breakfast
like this I can wheel myself to the
coffee machine turn it on right put
myself back watch out for the dogs
watch out for the dogs Oh keep mark one
quit too far too far
pending chip I'm we're back and we're
back we're back we made it huh we made
it what is even going on here
what is even going on your pita got you
eat them subscribers don't use do
subscribers huh hmm don't gonna eat
their subscribers they're going to eat
the subscrible only the squid was right
gonna try to blind again
but I think we have a bit of a boo-boo
don't we hell me it seems that one of
the blinds didn't actually come and with
the little box um the little box of
magic this thing here that's supposed to
fix to the wall it seems like a horny
about one of them one of the boxes
didn't come on one which is really
annoying and I gotta go all their back
to but I got the last two which is kind
of annoying also so um I have to see if
you have any other stop anywhere else
and for your What's Wrong G Julie get
down this is the game I like to play
called chasing in the dog
oh so I just arrived up my mom's house
and if I'm talking like I have the flu
why don't I just have that stupid
mastitis infection I feel like I have
the flu but I don't actually hmm they
sound really good
anyways I'm sorry guys I'm probably not
gonna be very good company today
hello Blackpool
we meet again alone I'm a lonely fellow
on a lonely drive I'm all by myself I've
got my tots and my friends they are
inside a camera does that make any sense
I think not I don't like snot so poor
Nalini them we run away and she was
feeling like crap so I dropped her and
Amelia off and her mom's house and I've
come down here on my time I might want
to get the Glines replaced and I just I
don't I just don't know what we're gonna
do because there is none of the 90
centimeter blinds left in the ward the
50 millimeter but they do have a much
lighter wood um Beach once I was calm
it's still 50 millimeters in thickness
it's not ninety it's a hundred and
eighty so I was there I bought two 90s
this way I am
one 180 so it'll be kind of descending
this episode so beachy
it's not actually yeah just sort of dark
what you know but I think if each one
look nice you know yeah yeah I'm gonna
convince myself that we're gonna find
our key okay oh my god Eric I stole my
little cushions huh used to be mine um
cool this I didn't know she got a new
straightener it's pretty cool I don't
know where you got it from usually I
give her stuff like that
um yeah I'm guessing Eric I like stop
shop huh can you guys see the top jump
bike I'm gonna get really annoyed at me
cuz um I'm in her her room plugin in her
room you know I'm going right there I
got the spot outside the front door
oh my god it's amazing I am feeling like
crap so I'm actually going to I couldn't
find any of my socks at home cuz I kind
of find like a ton of things there's
myself which is not by a group of
youtubers but I'm gonna go ahead and
tender this perfect I had to work fast
today and it's freezing it's like so
freezing inside like this jacket isn't
even enough right now plus I feel like I
have the flu you don't just the
infection so I came to my mom's house
for lunch and I am actually in my other
sister Emma's room we're watching this
she's like get out of my room but I'm
gonna steal some of her um
socks which I think are in here she's
probably gonna be so angry okay um yeah
they're too big I don't know oh one spot
to steal no pity for a country Drive I
tell you a fella a fellow and so go for
a country Drive
okay I love like that hard I got that
guy I sure would feel fearful so I am
driving out to bando to check up on the
car because it seems to be far
because I'm me a new card is like stuff
they do and you can like I make changes
to suit yourself change that turn that
off
James the color of that switch that
around picked up our Anna she's feeling
with delay on it
so um I'm gonna pop out here and see
what the see what the story is in
Balamory that is so epic oh did that
take
oh so cool I even noticed that I thought
we came out here that's epic
so yeah yeah all these go well I'll be
driving home in a new car Oh be fine
okay but I don't think so and you know
my kids munching small did you issue
with I actually took all of her good
talks with her cuz she's in Germany
right now these are all like odd socks
what the hell oh excuse me oh I can't
find any they're all like huge what the
hell is this
Emma what is this um a bathing suit odd
socks something looks like a leg warmer
or something yeah this is not successful
at all okay
plan B
so Plan B was to steal socks from my mom
which I did I actually got some Rika
casts fluffy socks but um they are
probably not gonna fit inside oh look
like I have hooves
ginger oh my god it looks okay welcome
toe in it Shannon
we're annoying is Shannon and how are
you today
clonakilty and Bannon is straight ahead
you guys living clonakilty Bandhan or in
a Shannon hey what's up nice town nice
horse man look at the horse guy I
thought the worst about what does that
mean does he mean is he a wayward
traveler we were traveler oh goodness
hey this is a nice little town huh
that's our new house guys oh wait that
jokes over now cuz we actually see our
new house oh that's okay this huh this
is my OOTD what do you think I've got my
saggy um way too big leggings on which
always need to be hoisted up um I've got
my glue the top of the effort is
actually nice bottom is just crazy
I look like a ballerina or something
actually with leg warmers on but um yeah
I also look like I have cankles or
hooves or something GRU sexy anyways and
then I have my stripy golden black hmmm
top and my leather jacket and my gold
scarf and that's pretty much it it's all
socks for my mom potions in mind but my
feet were super cold and that's the
other thing I've been getting chills all
the time he's not not cold I'll get like
really cold hands and feet for like no
reason which is horrible so let me go
back to tending to Amelia heavy rain is
expected with heavy for longer
thundershowers at times during tomorrow
casters are warning that up to 50
millimeters of rain could fall overnight
uh-oh
high alert guys could be a storm tonight
and tomorrow in Cork holy crap
although by the time this goes live the
storm already came just one still exists
then a float away
drama last time Doug the scuff light it
oh my goodness is Hannah scary oh my god
guys momma stylet I had reads the
comments well actually she doesn't
I told her that um that you guys had
said to put tin foil on her couch and
look what you did
she put tin foil on her couch now she
always he left that one spot for Oreo
and I just realized she just came home
so either she got my message and she's
text me back now or she hasn't gotten it
yet but this is so cute I can't believe
she actually took you guys advice
oh look Missy is looking up it um I mean
yeah okey-dokey take two take two please
have the types of things in here these
other things in there as you can tell I
got that big long one they should notice
or I didn't tell you I forgot what I've
actually done okay
it comes with the box of toys let's see
what this one looks like this is like
way more expensive but Oh lovely novalee
ee lovely beech wood solid oak forge in
the forest of Mordor not really but in
oh it's beautiful you see for kitty for
me yay oh all right
that's my nobody's accent Oh
motorboating something here Revelator
has a little burning for burning so
they're all fighting over a piece of
cardboard yep one little piece of
cardboard and they're all fighting over
it
that's the four kids which of course is
Alby he's inside with me and did a
little grown-up huh yeah he will crawl
up huh if you guys remember Anna told
you who it was to leave comments below
and let me know who's this which dog is
it that can get up in the couch and like
act like a grown-up are you a grown-up
too he's all the grown-ups he is so cute
I feel like the work this is one of my
favorite songs ever
oh sorry
whew done check it out huh
blendin blandin I'm so happy with that
your complete so complicated president
owes young
this oh look it's like a little snow
jacket thing Oh attack you may eat
Rikki's oh nice cankles lady you look
like one rose am dancers let me know did
a moonwalk
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo robot it's
the concept you just look like Michael
Jackson's you know young awareness that
is goodness yeah owners this as good as
the market stuff this is cake I love
cake what are we having for dinner what
are you cooking
you know no way you're always cooking
dinner yes so I said we offloaded her
children what Americans here was
fighting good hey yeah right Jane Laura
I was going to cook up a casserole maybe
a lasagna shepherd's pie but then I'm
like Riki's is here home crazy
because for three people you know to be
actually awake it will be a spin a crime
would you like broccoli lettuce and
cabbage or a takeout yep Becker
there's no Baba girl how do you turn the
Lightning light on figure it out what's
this it's that's massive it's not what's
there to see mmm no just going to plain
white one hot cheese it's not a plain
white one in here
oh there it's like kinda bitter there's
a system here I swear it is a system not
as too big you sit on the chair
right there we go 100 percent trouble
sorted okay no oh oh
what it is it is one to two mu zero day
I don't know let's see it
well brain equi sing let's go it's got
my Sooners in a box CISOs what is this
thing here hello kitty we're bringing
had a kitty one as well well the kind is
then there's this one boy and this is
for the big I think just have this one
go go
I think it's okay do it do it do it my
we failed we failed
I blame Ricky's go find tux you go for
that one I'm gonna go for this one
whoever wins wins something amazing
oh oh I find class the day yours any
days are these two day look huge
don't they know yeah date up massive you
know boy 2 oh oh oh oh oh series came in
their bingo bingo bingo was his name-o
no no I remember oh my goodness like a
Rickey Scott Factor look at this oh my
gosh a barbecue sauce yeah Oh chicken
and bacon
sleep ever oh I own a pizza and so long
this stupid amazing God's beautiful sexy
body I have it's not worth it I want
that instead I mean look at guy he's so
happy with his pizza Oh Bobo don't feel
you'll shoot out the pizza be such of it
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
we'll be ass
