good morning oh my god I know how you
home I don't say that I don't feel that
way every morning when I get up link yes
and the dogs love it too which is really
important to us like they're all outside
well that's two of them but there are
more out there there's two little girls
who lives next door and um one of them
her dad picked her up and like picked
her up so that she could look over the
fence because she could hear the dogs
playing in the garden
he was like can him how many do you seek
and em and she's like one two three and
there was only three out there so they
probably think like wow three dogs yeah
we have six dogs that's crazy
you're the two little girls next door
probably love to play with the puppies
maybe when we get to know our neighbors
better or you can have them over and
they can play with them maybe not Alois
Jesus he's the cross one what's for
breakfast
water 7up okay may I have some water
anyways because life is so thirsty
lately
maybe it's the mastitis which I do have
fight away guys I don't even know if
I've lost after realizing how to stick I
was yesterday because I felt rotten I
mean I've never felt that sick in my
whole I thought I was dying because I
went to bed and I really couldn't stop
shaking like every single part of here
was just shaking and I couldn't stop it
it was like under my teeth were
chattering and I wasn't cold my hands
and my feet were cold but the rest of me
was hot and I was just like so feverish
and it was so horrible and like even
when I've had the worst flu I've never
been like that so and my face was all
like flushed and everything
oh my god so I slept and like both of my
boobs actually started hurting so bad
then and um then the one that's like
infected or whatever is you could see
like it's all red which means that
there's no fluff stuff
so I should go to the doctor today
hopefully I can get an appointment with
him today and get some antibiotics give
any Mayo you not anymore
where's all the
I'd amazing floor never deals the
Johnson to me just come along and eat it
all up
but I'm easy on the Mayo or I was a
miracle clip wasn't it dad
yeah so you put mayo on the little lamb
the wet patches and let's see if it
fixes it looks kind of funny like
they're just like sprayed male I was
like using this one I was just like I
used a male a light you know they didn't
want to be too heavy on the calories in
the wood to pour would like ah si squad
see squash okay it's like a sasquatch
see squash Juve it no it's so cute
speedo arm ends
Oh dad can wear them to one year well
they even fit on it oh really yeah yeah
we're all forced to I'm gonna try to
Janice I was like is like drown or swim
hopefully I swam gonna have any other
brothers and sisters I could have had
hey did you Messrs oh my goodness
they're seen it was the worst explosion
in the history of proof explosions mmm
how it ended up in the front but it did
I'm just gonna call down to the laundry
hey I've been at that listen laundry
healthy oh what's that you don't exist
have goodness feel free to throw up on
grandma Oh Geoffrey my all over
grandma's nice you top go for - you
don't come back see you didn't show up
on me
no thanks great ciao ciao bella ciao
bella Melia Gabon Journal or should we
say dear surrogate
you should talk higher Stuart yes what
is a title yes come on Thomas
wonderful rose
you know what double d Guk is grandma
saying yes good stuff yes I know how
we'll be saying three languages
what does what does tio say oh yeah you
don't like that one
oh I don't know if I know what else
notice this but there is a cylon in my
house would it be cool bows red and a
well from side to side it looks like a
Cylon there is a she-devil in the house
a bunchy person Vinci mr. pyncheon what
have you done what have you done
okay that's asleep okay let's give him a
treat cos what kind of cheese do you
guys got huh would you like a nice
sandwich selection look at these two
very special get in there inside inside
anything in an MP no does Oh watch it
any more - jelly these are like almost
oh it looks like all my streets it
smells like all my streets but it's
grandma's Street whoa like I'll be fine
young Xena
Nevaeh Bianca whoa
nope we're nothing else it's that or
starve to death in gourmet Marks and
Spencers sandwich Deli selection how
does that how does that make you feel
how does that make you feel how does
that make you feel on the inside I'll be
the inside of your brain
oh yeah look I hung some pictures guys
like I hung that one with a little light
subsides on this one I hung the little
lovehearts
hung like this one here I hung this one
here there's a crazy lady over there I
also put a hedgehog in here yeah I'm
ready to go feel I didn't know Alby are
you oh she's the fastest
run for it Oh traffic OHS so I wanted to
get these venetian blinds but they're
sold out in the two locations that are
kind of close enough to us so I'm
heading across to Blackpool
I know I don't really know this is two
lanes or not but he wins he wins okay I
just whatever you want your money
iPhone you want my iPhone my money my
wife my baby okay when everything black
whoo laughter you have to enunciate it
I've seen it it is yeah yeah I know she
knows bark Bianca's bark alby's part
Theo and he'll this is like he has a
park like you full of food oh yeah the
sun-times Department is like little bits
of food just fall out of his mouth
somewhere like where they even come
problem and then Amelia's crying it's
really obvious as well because their
acid embark she cries but new fees at
navei I still I'm not sure you think
Newman's Park is quite like feels okay
you pay up and you're good and you look
at her sitting right there in front
you're like no no I
yeah he's in there yeah first to the
traffic air would a nightmare around
this back and you guys go into the
nightmare round swimmer down from last
year but losing's in America on Lake
Court they you go to a
it's part of that I love fall tag and I
was like am I gonna save that I'm gonna
bring in a tractor - yeah it's like a
haunted hayride yeah that's right and
then a haunted house or a haunted corn
me or something I don't know it's that's
crazy and that's not one of the
questions in that fault I love fall
attack is like what's your favorite one
my content house haunted hayride or
haunted I think it's corn rows or
something like that and I'm like what am
I gonna answer but I've never been on
any of them probably the closest thing
that you can get here is that Nightmare
Realm so maybe I need to go maybe that's
a haunted house we need to go experience
it and then I can answer it and then I
can terrify no very date I grabbed you
and grope you and like scare you member
erikak was saying all our friends like
crying and so bad yeah I'd like to go
but then I really wanted to go last year
but um now we have a baby so I don't
know that's going their way to me yeah
yeah I think it's like under over
turkeys or something yeah goin Erika's
our immediate turning okay Blackpool
shopping center is actually massive I
think it's bigger than mine wha-wha-what
oh my god
I feel really sorry you're gonna have to
carry her the whole time
I can't believe that oh my God why did
you why'd you remember now remember at
our destination
No leave me comment happened to you I
didn't even have the stock up I can't
even snapper on let down enough to carry
her she's like eight pounds now she's a
big fella she's a / Heffalump anyway
where are we going or can we see I'm
trying to try and Pyle Tryon Park as
close as I can we have to adapt as
parents we must always adapt to the
situation
jhope is going alone Sophie's going
alone
you're staying here watching some
YouTube videos watch the Instagram
videos insta videos wouldn't be cool if
you could like photofiltre the Instagram
I can put X Pro on my videos yeah oh
yeah I need you can't you oh yeah you
can actually I don't bother this is not
a pleasant situation pretty much my mom
was like saying that she wanted to get
me the electric breast pump I was like
get it from me from my birth as my
birthday present
she's like
okay maybe it can be like an early
birthday present or something because
they are so expensive I had no idea I
have expenses they were oh I was gonna
get it anyway but she was just like no I
want to get it for you like I really
want to get this for you as a present I
do really need to get my hair done like
my roots retouched so and I can't really
do that unless I have a breast pump
because I can't I can't be even really
up for that long so that's my motivation
for getting the breast pumpin of all
infections might Isis you've had cracked
nipples sore pain all the things you've
got you and it comes down to like
getting your head on it well kiss my
roots are so bad and it's like almost I
think yeah isn't it I think it's six
weeks ago this week was it six years ago
it was just before you it was the week
it was on my due date mm-hmm
so yeah I think it was six weeks ago and
my hair grows like a weed anyway so
that's why I have this like what you
call it regrowth that was close
you know like the roots show a lot
quicker because my hair grows so fast so
it's really annoying
they're like so bad I really need to get
my hair done I was thinking I was
looking at like the last couple of days
I've been noticing that and I've been
like oh my god my hair I need to get it
redone and then I'm like how am I gonna
do that because Amelia needs to be fed
like accountant you've her for that long
you know um and then my mom is like
offering to me Brisbane was like yeah my
my best friend who had a my best friend
isn't
like a pillow or something I have two
breasts friends yeah I think isn't it
the pillow brand my breast friend yeah
so anyways my breast friend also had a
baby recently and she got she just
started she just went back to work so
she needed a pump and she tried the
manual like me and she just gave up
she's like this is ridiculously good
like this one and she got an electric
one and apparently it's working well so
basically everything she does I'll just
hop here cuz she's like a couple more
before they even yeah so yeah I I think
it's a good idea anyway plus then
josephus can feed her like proper feed
you know and we don't need you anymore
then yeah oh no we need to further
milking
forget it every morning we'll bring you
out to pasture yeah what's racket look
at lights though I have no idea what
it's like I think I get a bucket don't I
did coconut jam I guess we'll see yeah
what is your speed is it like I am like
I don't really understand but anyways
I'll see when I get the box I suppose
I don't know we have to go to the doctor
now because I have to get drugs kind of
those my mastitis which I mean we were
watching Fringe and there were these
creepy people in it that had like skin
kind of its it wasn't a skin disorder it
was like I didn't thing that happened to
them it was all like crusty and veiny
and stuff and literally okay without the
prostitutes but really my not just one
of them both of my boobs
looked like a mutant like because you
could see every vein and I'm talking
like going all the way up my neck all
the way around my back like you could
see they were like bluey perfectly
creamy colored veins just like where
usually it was like my skin was
see-through wasn't it it was so weird it
was like it was translucent or something
where is usually you know you just look
at somebody's skin and you can actually
see the babies you might see them on
their wrists or something
this was like that kind of thing like
your wrists veins but like yeah like
that that's what it looked like but all
up my my boob and my chest and like my
neck it was so weird but you could take
your finger and like travel you know
along the line of the vein it was so
creepy and I was like so I have mastitis
and he just gave me an antibiotic herb
prescription for an antibiotic and he
checked me out and everything is yeah as
I feared but it's fine
he said the antibiotic can sometimes
give her a little bit of diarrhea it her
food was pretty runny anyway so it's
okay but yeah and that's it we're just
gonna get that and then should clear up
and he's seeing us next week anyway
because it's Mina has six week
appointment okay that's the most
important one yeah first smiling and
stuff feels like it's really serious if
they don't smile happy right now she's
crying oh he's over her head yeah oh
sorry her
she's do another feed so that's why
she's cranky right now because she was a
seed for ages and then we took her there
and I think that was the last straw
she's like oh I want to be fed now yeah
yeah I know all right pick up the blinds
aren't they nice they've got a 50
millimeter tick they're the thickest one
big wooden take fellas now I am hoping
that the entire thing is already made I
think it is because I don't yes I was
worried I was gonna have to build the
whole gadget device system which I did
not really want to have to do how do you
actually attach this to the roof the
wall or whatever Wow
I hope it's pretty simple but nice are
you so nice they're gonna pray they're
gonna look better when I put them up
let's go come on I feel like that
everyone one two three four five six yep
yep that's everyone
okay guys what anyway
this dairy we used to live in guys by
the way just cuz we never actually
showed you what the outside of our area
look like this is pretty much what it
looks like nice it looks like nice and
autumn below mate'll
please and stuff like that
yeah it is so dark it's only like 7
o'clock but look how dark it is it's
crazy crazy she gets enough treats for
them you have no idea what I went
through to try and find these newborn
brothers all of the shops had level 1
but knowing at level 2 oh my goodness oh
my goodness you guys made you come in
are you are you do it 1 2 3 4 5 6 all
accounted for
oh my little sheep hey now now who's
that Bianca huh Bianca this thing here
um the pharmacist actually his wife had
the same thing he was saying you get
this and kind of massage the breast he
put this in the microwave which is kind
of interesting also she got some of this
yummy yummy I'll commend him so I might
Racing minutes later apparently supposed
to be tasty tasty tasty pizzas when I
had to figure out had the other Mike's
oven fan fan oven check 220 is that
what's going on here oh goodness
I think it's top oven bottom of I've
never even set the time in this thing I
didn't at the time time doesn't matter
doesn't matter gonna be 8 o'clock it can
be eight o'clock it seems like this
one's going on
all right goodness I remember we use
this it's got all their like a whole
thing I mean connected nope you think
we're okay oh this needs to be moved
yeah
check checkmate checkmate hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
