what the hell is that Joker's why do you
leave that open oh my what is wrong my
god guys here I miss that I turned it to
me
okay these days instead doesn't work
Franco when you can see your back haha
oh I just crazy dream that like we moved
into like this utter highways just like
amazing house himself but you guys not I
guess I'm back here Oh Joey talks
who's freezing call like the heating and
stuff turn it off and the windows open
the sort of air Dan is M so
freezin in here yeah it always I get
this crap jobs no wait you see we need
me said I was like I was over like seven
or so um changing and taking care of
dollars and stuff and I was like so
destroyed I got the vlog added and stuff
when I was sitting there Saigon and I
I'm on shutdown mode like I think I was
just like completely like done way too
much you know with the moving and you
know logging in and moving just
everything over the last two weeks it's
just been so intense so uh I just had to
go back to bed some of x three or four
hours when I woke up came downstairs and
I like unpacked and like organized
everything was amazing he's amazing I
should marry her note to self
what's that note I already did that nice
one
hey guys so do you want to see what I've
done so far with the house I've
decorated a little bit they're still
definitely more to do but um this is
what it looks like so far let's focus
please thank you okay so yeah just what
it looks like so far I just put some
little they're all pictures and stuff
that we need to hang I just put some
little decorative details everywhere and
I unpacked which is the main job am i
and I did all of this while javis was
asleep so Amelia is cry we need to get
her these are two boxes that need to be
brought up to the nursery and yeah
that's basically um what I've done so
far
Oh see over here some books some
details okay I need to get back up to
Amina because she's crying um and one of
my boobs hurt so bad I think it's
because it's full of milk uh-huh but TMI
for you well that's just reality okay
we kind of implant a newness but it's
kind of messy when I came in here this
morning because the when all the movie
and stuff so I was like no mana you're
like I told you not to do the cleaning
but I just don't want to waiting I'm
uploading your blog right now like well
I'm gonna pack some more stuff we get
more close-ups as I like it's gonna
quick once-over you know just so it
looks more presentable when we come back
here you guys stay there I love this
baby gage because dogs aren't allowed
upstairs in this house so um oh and I
set up a couple of things in my room I'm
coming
um I put the desk over there I need to
change any type obviously organize this
well that looks better
a lot cleaner more echoey cuz I don't
know me back in a few days about this
boxes but I don't need you mean it's
like looks love being clean rather than
looking kind of messy yeah okay now
what's the upload done
oopsies ah that's your time thank you
time to sip on some wine
I haven't got any wine but I do got
loads of great yummy too familiar for
like five words not even two minutes um
I think I need to change you right we
were using the booger extractor look at
this room it's such a mess
there's me hi that'll be cool actually
in vlogs you can I can like vlog myself
from the mirror or something okay I need
to change her and I need to change her
clothes because she spied a fall over
them I love using her PJ's so it's okay
so we'll grab you a little outfit and
we'll make the bed and we'll kind of um
come on
right place looks span danglars isn't it
there's not look spend Angeles he's
gonna go
did she really happening comes in the
places of the clean and so you know what
you like told you to do it like I know I
don't make your happy
consult press to what you did this
morning and I know I'm I saw a couple of
comments you know we were saying that
you know why did not hire movers to get
friends and to help you know like it's
only wanted to do it we really I'm
really quietly I wanted to move and I
didn't want it to be I didn't want to
make a lot of attention to the fact that
we were moving you know I don't know say
like oh but you built this up for a week
it's like we're already gone at that
stage by the time we remember we're
driving and ran back we were really
excited we were gone we were gone then
and then it was just a process of
getting prepared and getting everything
ready and stuff like that you know so um
I'm a tweeting me or text me you know so
I didn't want to draw attention plus
when you have six dogs you always have
to think of the fact that like you know
it's strange people like comment that I
have some doing all this stuff you know
they wouldn't like that and they would
have been all round all of what's going
on and so for that you know so you want
to keep it like a very simple transition
for them you know so we just did it like
minor house we're just going to out here
on and then everything is ready and then
we move them and you know plus I like
doing things for myself you know I like
I like you but I like a hard graft you
know I've had many jobs right I've
worked I've dug holes in roads I put
tarmac and roads that build path of
being a labor of that I've done loads of
hard grappling work and I enjoy it you
know we get a bit of sweat down you know
right let's get here and we're done tree
actually let me make the bed and should
just stop crying but I think I think I
might have a clogged duct because my
boob has not stopped hurting and it
feels different and I know my mom got an
infection
the mastitis which is like when one of
your little dogs gets clogged and I
think that's what it is because that's
kind of what it feels like to me now it
could be wrong it could just be like
being a baby reddit and it could just be
normal but it feels like abnormally sore
to me so
I think that's what it is which sucks
because I'm gonna have to go on
antibiotics then I think all right we
got supplies we got some Chucky keiki
kind of things it's a sunny Sunday and I
got a lovely wife and a beautiful
daughter life is good
so this is our because we have no been
in here yet because I stopped by a bin a
little bin area and then this is our
laundry basket area and then this is our
actual laundry basket which is being
used for I don't know a dump
what sorry I dropped you I actually
don't know what that is
but yeah it's something there's just a
bunch of hangers and jokes is hoody and
um yeah I don't know but anyways I hung
some of my clothes marshal you guys um
yeah hung some of my like cardigans and
tops and things and then I'm going to do
dresses down there I think um hurt so
bad and javis just came home and he said
he has too much so I'm gonna go have my
lunch now oh yeah and I put it because
his bedside table was looking very
lonely so I put the ultrasound picture
on his for now until we get like a nicer
I need to change that lamp that is like
the most disgusting lamp ever anyways so
I can see Jeff is inside huh we are go
have lunch now you're like a sleep of
course so now what am I gonna do what
should I move you I'm not really sure um
yeah
don't you know what to do you but I pray
started finger what the hell is that
dope is why do you leave that open
oh my what is wrong with my god it's
gonna guys here I miss that I turn it to
me organize these days instead look like
Franco and you can see your bun ha ha
so Bob oops all right here taking
Instagram really my hair you don't even
care at me don't I've never done
planking that I thought this is perfect
for my debut it looks like the kind of
thing that fun that fulfilling you guys
like what I did it hit their bed big
Instagram all right no but your teeth
don't you like what I did with their
beds oh so cute okay so where do I take
you from you have to get my whole body
okay this is so weird
yeah look at Bianca hmm let me in please
okay ready yeah oh you guys didn't see
any of that sorry
yeah yeah what do you use what still did
you are lazy Oh ex-pro is to Duncan the
energy I'll pick one no ball is in the
nice it's going Walden Walden Walden
Walden I feel goes without Jake or you
know
Walden goes are at Descartes election
sweet on okay look at this one banana in
our Bowl I don't think another thing
what joy oh yeah it's cute maybe once is
my three kids are outside and the three
grown-ups I swear to God a few dog holes
in those Gardens in those Gardens I'm
not garden but yeah the three kids
they're playing it site and then the
three grown-ups are here look
Nevaeh you think she's a grownup because
she can get off on the couch she's so
funny oh when I got this from my sister
Emma thanks Emma
appreciate it um don't want me to eat
you guys can't see they've like
scratched at the window so it's like all
muddy
anyway but um yeah like I was gonna say
this is really not gonna be I want to
get um little words like little pumpkins
totally on my own here but seriously I
get I don't want to get the pumpkins and
do like a little um
autum kind of taste and pumpkin patches
no but you know the little ones that you
can get at the market oh yeah oh my god
like it really hurts
Muslims I'm not I'm not just being a
drama queen I'm actually serious um yeah
I need to get some flowers for that
empty looking glass but other than that
I'm quite happy I'm very happy with my
um
dacor so far those plugs kind of need to
be uncovered up I actually I'm gonna um
enlist the help of my mom because she is
really good like I'm not good at this at
all but she's really good at like
interior design and stuff like when did
you know that that when she um not when
she was younger but like just in general
people used to tell her all the time
that she should be an interior designer
cuz she what she's like around and a
gazelle : it's true yeah yeah because
she knows how to like I don't know I
don't see things that we should like I'm
talking about like yeah I can decorate
stuff but like in terms of like
furniture placement and like where to
put like you know pieces of furniture
and stuff she's really good at that like
I remember when I was younger um you
know I put something somewhere and then
she'd come along she'd be like no it
would look better if you did this and
then she changed it and I'd be like oh
my god that looks so much better you're
so right and I don't know her she
doesn't cuz I don't know how to do that
so I'm gonna ask her but the answer is
yeah probably
mmm I'm gonna ask her about the pictures
and like what to place where I kind of
have a fair idea but I'm sure she could
do a better so doctoring enough out of
all the pictures of everyone else
lettered in us is so funny were just
sitting down having lunch and it's like
we really have a lot of pictures of
myself it's kind of embarrassing like if
anybody comes over it's like oh this is
us this is us again that's us over there
and that's us again and that's us again
it's like none of Amelia since we just
had her so it seems like we're this
horrible selfish couple that just don't
care matter baby at all but um we need
to picture
and there's one of me and oh well my dad
isn't that one so it's one I need that
thing where you go into a shop and you
can log into Instagram yeah the best you
could print like into nine pages yeah
because on the iPhone right there are
1600 resolutions that are good enough
for like yeah no no I think we need to
print pictures of Amelia to make it
known that we actually have a baby whom
we love actually you know what that
picture that that girl drew of Amenia
the amazing one oh yeah I'm gonna frame
that and I might I don't know if I'll
put it here or in her room or not sure
yet um but I'll do something with it
because that's amazing it's as good as a
photograph like it it actually looks
like photograph her so yeah poor Anna
she so exhausting I think that thing
that she has in her breast cuz your mom
had it too and she's thinking my mom's
on her way up from she's in Portland her
boat and her brother lives in corking he
was coming back up this way Joanne she's
coming up to have a look hey hi
it's so cute that guys do not sit work
in my room
or is it light thingy sheesh oh my god
but I yeah she's kind of setting stuff
up look it's 5:00 tomorrow from Walley
my black ops car with my helicopter in
November or whatever date the black ops
out there's my baby
I decided to put my baby dinner case my
gutter baby my firstborn little boy yeah
there's my my other little boy see look
he's on the cusp of the boys room he
wants to be in the boys room yeah just
say they're getting some stuff set up
getting them those French venetian
blinds
they are measure I don't put across I
always love that you know little tick
big thick wooden blinds to go down nice
I got my Pro Tools setup never was ask
me about how I create music and stuff
like that Pro Tools
but with Pro Tools you can't just have
the software you have to have to have
the hardware plug into the amplifier and
laptops and stuff like that computers
and all my Dennis Duffy's stuffies my
original star keyframes film cell look
at star and some collagen clapper boards
um this motor SEP you see the funny
thing is I don't actually have a family
home anymore you know so Anna has all
her like family stuff like her childhood
you know stuff and how much you do it
keeping your room even though you move
adds up to keep it in your house and off
or we always have this running joke with
us it's like I just put some stuff in
there that box and that box is my
childhood see I don't have a family home
to put stuff in but this right I was
christened in this when I was a baby
it's not what's wrong with you wanna get
down you're such a little baby and on
that you're such a baby yeah baby and
pretend baby right there you go
don't cause any trouble okay and am yeah
I was cry was christened in this blanket
is not crazy um this box is just full of
and this is this is me this is jofi
is my life that's my old band hey what's
up man
um all right this is the tapes from
because I was like making little movie
smells like younger
well my late teens early 20s always
making videos and movies and stuff with
long before YouTube so I never uploaded
anything
eg but I was just making with my friends
you know sort of watch them and stuff
for them sometimes I think it's really
sad that this is this is it in this box
that box they're the reasons in there
were still hot boxes that I transfer to
mesh but um yeah let's joke his life we
must I must never divorce ninis and sell
the family home
so then Amelia can always have a family
home to go back there
this link is really sad that I'm Quan
Quan what I think it's really sad in the
sense that um immediately we'll never
get to go to my home like where I grew
up like that I'm ok I'll never get to go
to Baltimore that helps that on the grew
up in Baltimore or where she lived in
Naples but in in her house in Cork where
she's been Shinto your 7 in her
childhood room in Atlanta I've been
there and I've seen that and immediate
being there and she's seen in stuff you
know anything that's really cool to be
able to do that you know but um my
family home was sold during a divorce
and knocked down and it's really a car
park or something but you know it's gone
like you know I'd say huh that's really
sad like to bring Amelia into my back
garden and like this is where myself my
brother would spend like cuz we this is
the 80s you know we'd know toys or
anything and that's you know so we're
just like pay would like the apple tree
just the best apple tree climb up and
you'd have Wars and throwing things
around the imagination you know but I
never get to show her all that it's you
know and it's kind of like mom so I have
a box I have a box Amelia this is your
father's life yeah box he's come to
visit
who's going to visit tomorrow
you see come on
do you remember sama yeah no how are you
making coffee for Grandma have to test
out the coffee that's why she came
actually came for the coffee with no
absolutely I came for the coffee not for
you you're just that you're the bonus I
product ah yes I just did by the way you
justified away by chair you good to be
so head so heavy
she's such a heavy girl Oh smiles what
you know he would bite me no way she
bites you would feed on your nose yeah
what she what she's a monster
yeah no good oh I never yet joenie tails
is so cute he's he's out cute she got
way cuter than at when she's in hospital
cause she's more for him why she's got
it a person that was it yeah look she
kind of notices now yet smiles and
somebody alert
she's so alert don't it don't be cute
ears look at them oh are you finished
yet
who's coming is that Mommy is that food
is that dinner yes you bicker back and
all that's all the bad feelings and I
hope so better be it matters we
corrected it's not easy but it's worth
yeah yeah anyone they think Expedia your
clothes don't smell yeah I know it's my
home and stuff yeah but they do not I
don't get smiles like this I do yeah
Oh your professional babies minor maker
I spent all day making this way I do I
talked to them and I wanted to like me I
chew turn and I go nasty I do her and
they don't like it it he'd holler then
but then I go back the next day and they
see my you'll never get your blood taken
my grandma don't worry oh I don't want
to do that
no you look at the camera you look at
the camera yeah and fix da emails your
cousin oh don't drop her now that's a
bad answer and it's the first cousin
she's my cousin yeah I think it's your
first cousin she would be her oceans
first cousin once removed no I mean like
she doesn't met any order Heffernan
people know you know she definitely be
the first congratulations now breed made
her smile and laugh so you know that's a
jet to cheer up again did you get you
get when you're a brown dog hopefully oh
yeah she your grass I'm glad I know
someone said it was great uncle oh yeah
no we decided to do is grab was a grand
Oh
yeah maybe no that'd make you a great
Godfather yeah they would work that way
no like this right that way hmm our
first uh our first babysitting
experience grandma's here to babysit
sure you do with your mom please your
first time on with dad huh
we're going to have a party we're going
clubbing we're going to hit up the
parties but we're gonna have a night of
it whoo yeah yeah you're riding
everywhere 770 birth will have that will
have a jagerbomb
for everyone all right come on Turner
you don't you don't even need to bring a
changing bag
this is crazy hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
