this is our bedroom in case you didn't
know oh this is Amelia's room
it's a work in progress yeah and then
this room there's a big mirror there
which is a cool
there's nothing like the smell of hot
coffee treating Homa fight somewhere
now Ryan Alberto d1 in the new hand see
where it is everybody else they are
lovely they were having a time in their
lives running around this is upstairs
with that media and I'm gonna try and
get those rocket she's done because our
internet here yet I taught maybe you'll
be here by now but it's not and now it's
weekend so the engineers running around
so next week sure we'll do it but I'll
nip over and uploaded and inner house
let's see gotta go back and do some
stuff before I drop the van Mac Devon
I'm a white van man huh alright this is
going well got my tasty coffee mmm
exquisite blend look through the swivel
chairs there's so many things in here to
show you what I love this as this is to
me right now my dream enjoy me I can
make it better
all right say 9:00 and where I'm doing
all the stuff you know I was like oh
drunker things you know maybe in a
couple years or I don't know when we'd
ever get an opportunity to do this but
um it's like what am what let's enter
inside outside good choice good choice
the choice of the new generation um kind
of jealous well not jealous of it you
know cuz I don't like trying not to
partake your jealousy but a you know
like I'm Judy immense you're doing but
actually building your own home I'm like
um I'm so like that would be so much fun
to do like imagine like drawing up your
own pants a number a friend of mine
oh she needed that in engineering and
I'm he like get to drew up his pants
remember sitting there in a cafe he's
like I'm gonna put the toilet there I'm
taking a change in this I'm like oh my
god I'm so jealous then I'm
Benji were going on about and they were
like you know to go down to their site
you know bang she's like oh just working
on it and stuff whatever like I'm so
cool I'm just gonna get in working the
house a little bit you know like oh man
you know this is cool it comes we got
our house pre-built you know and I love
it not you know but I should say the
whole time we're going through a process
I said I know it's like that's your
costing you know and I cost it up some
land and did some costing I'm builders
and stuff like that and I was just like
I trying to get joining it lands own in
a good spot and cork it's kind of hard
and in hardness but it's kinda difficult
you know but um maybe next time maybe
somebody I'll get text you do that you
know but that we like so much in
designing on how to keep design in area
design like my perfect I call it Joe
fees fun house we're gonna put it
underlines the big project for the
future
Joe fees fun house let's get back to
work
swivel engage oh my god swivel well back
in the old stopper unni's oh yeah you
forgot this my Mac row wave oh alright
then he got nearly needs the trick is
while I have the truck scare as much
stuff done as possible and then when we
drop that back then have all the nibbley
pibbleys oh we put batteries in the
smoke alarm should we take them
goodness goodness grief I get Nene's
room what oh well okay
clothes and a bullet your desk and
everything's gone I'm eating this nigga
my one with nothing in it she crazy
scrap this is the internet hub still
working away like a champ oh that's the
thing I got like store pack do you
remember am I actually during that time
I was in that I was chopping mall place
and I was like should I Drive over her
should I change back and I have to
actually bring that and actually it was
funny because the way I edited it see I
saw people in the comments which mean
like uh Joffe is why you were bringing
that box before is like no no no that
was a box of stuff that I was bringing
to that other house but I was trying to
keep it on the sly on the down-low so
him it looked like I brought I brought
I'd move that and then I went and bought
the boxes but if you go back and look at
the video they're completely different
boxes and it's quite obvious completely
from us okay
let's go let's get this done it's nearly
filled up for the second go Christmas
microwave garden chairs so the sort of
stuff that wasn't as important steps get
our stuff moving is like an intense
workout what's that thing called the X
system
X
but apex know nothing you know you mean
come you know I'm talking about Zig DX
workout power system cat remember it but
anyway it's like that okay
back again I look I kind of did my
office up a little bit this morning I
just put some stuff up
whoa but I am need to get screens Anna
or have a fun some fun new products
coming some tasty fruit fruity computers
if you know what I'm saying yeah you get
my joke no no no no no keep them all in
the garden remikit again all righty
okay just enough time this is so tight
now with our time to give back ahaha
look Rosie am dedicating and stuff well
I think we're just going to hire someone
to do all that we were all like oh yeah
we'll get stuck in and do all the games
so we did we did now it's all messy
because we're leaving there all right
well I'm gonna miss this guy oh and that
guy and this guy and that guy
alright let's get the last of the stuffy
nose and we are done Gio's just waiting
for that gate to open but it probably
will not open
mm-hmm and I decided to wait with me oh
thanks a bunch
thanks so much I'm so tired as well like
I was such a crazy mind of move egde but
it's done not done the next pants
transportation just like these
need another dolla dolla is what I need
share your doll with me back in old berm
ringing mm that's I call against beer
never year-round hey pickle Joey words
in a car just chill out and lock there
for a moment folks
I still like might be I'm wo having no
rush
so I'm we're gonna nip down to mama
starlight as you Carolina's not here
it's just me and I mean it's not so like
I'm gonna hopefully use my Here I am
so I just popped off down with her mom
she's dropped me off
I picked the car didn't even wait there
doggies didn't wanna upset them and it's
kind of cool having a really big
driveway because it's like it's your own
plot of land you can drive in you can do
where else am I it's my driveway
hey I can remember one in my driveway so
uh yeah excuse me I'm excited have
whatever it's the little things in life
that excite us me having a driveway
excites me okay so yeah Anna's cousins
are down from actin right you guys
remember we were not in right we're in a
school in art and right and we stayed in
her aunt's house that Suzanne is her
uncle
what is her aunt's husband her uncle or
uncle in law his birthday but and they
all wanted to come Nancy Amelia with Jam
wait a second she's got ahead of me so
she's gonna get all the glory that is
some cake that what is it telling us
Gareth
with frosting front frosted carrot and
kind of ruins it for me now
how's helping those dummies any more fun
do every time eat it Chinese no oh nice
pie salmon pate nice oh it survived and
survived I was really worried
transporting it I wrapped it in like
about a mile all that of stuff because I
was like oh no I didn't want it to
actually break look there's all day yeah
these are all the backup storage drives
for my work and stuff I was like so
parents of nappin to them so I was like
I'm gonna wrap them up like you know
they look like though to me I was kind
of popovers like you know in movies when
they always find like bales of like
cocaine or something in those cop shows
that's what they look like that's
exactly what they look like I like I got
the place for the over you're like sir
what I am like there are guys are you
sure well yeah here's my gotta put this
back together again now and I'm always
kinda remember this come here
and this go here I think that's the way
went and I think I'll put it back again
on I had a some hope this is what I had
it on here put it back on that thing
whoo-hoo would you tell how he's gone oh
my god there's so much stuff to do oh I
think I've reached the maximum level of
tiredness that a human can possibly
attain a lifetime Oh seriously these
last two days like normally I'm super
tired I'm gonna have to repeat Mia but
then last night obviously the dogs never
been here before so they're all kind of
nervous a bit you know all sleeping in
here and they're all like oh you know
kind of crying all of it you understand
they venture sell land you know but it
was like I had to check on him twice and
oh god an enemy and then she got all
like really really congested like
seriously like tons and tons of like
phlegm and stuff you know so and I took
out the little suction thing and sucked
like seriously like a gallon or
something of the goo is like snot or
something like you know clears you know
II think she's lying I'm like just play
your notes and me fine but she doesn't
understand it to do that you know we're
thinking of em let us know you guys
think you know em we think he might buy
a humidifier because it's not letting no
put her you know um and I really don't
like when she can't really breach your
nose at night you know so I copied here
could be like super dry or something so
it will go buy a humidifier and then see
if that house but any suggestions you
know that thing that we got is really
cool like it is great like you know it
does get rid of it but I know there must
be a way to get rid of it internally you
know herself let her let her like manage
it yourself or something I don't know I
don't know I don't know this is real
actually I don't even know this house is
real maybe I'm just completely because I
am so tired I might even be this could
be all a dream Nihad is a dream or
anything what are you saying what you
say to there uh-huh
little munchkin monster and then we
gotta go gotta go for like birthday
celebration party thing tonight
I'm so tired we had to open that cage
and it was cool and we would play past
the baby it would I pass the baby it was
like every time I looked over like it
was like he was like Turkey and 40
people there and every time I looked
over someone else had the baby and was
just like okay he's kind of now she's
passed around like did she got changed
and handed back for a while then we fed
her and I was like oh this is a pretty
good system we've got going on here we
got to go back later on huh we ready for
that huh
I was her first birthday party wasn't
her first birthday party but it was her
first attendance at a party was it fun
hmm was it fun to get drunk and milk huh
you will milk drunk I'm just I'm just
gonna be quick just just a little tiny
snooze okay okay hey guys this will make
a really cool OTD mirror okay okay
somebody's killing themselves down there
um so this is our bedroom in case you
didn't know it doesn't look like much
right now it looks pretty cool in the
daytime because there's a huge like um
you wouldn't call it a bay window
it's like a floor-to-ceiling window if
you know what I mean like the whip
you'll see in the daytime my brain isn't
working properly but basically the
window goes from like the well up there
you can see it's like curved little bit
arid picking it and then right to the
very bottom of the floor um so yeah it
looks better in the daytime is basically
Oh what and then we've got this um / - -
got this huge closet which is pretty
cool and this is our bed and jovis has a
bedside table because we got him a
bedside table finally and then um he has
a working lamp - but we didn't buy him
involved yet so that's why yeah um all
the way fedsim bulbs when I was moving
and like in the old place there into
place and
I'm not sure I I think they belong to us
I don't think they were there with me
and I think we just forgot at them but
anyways so I'm maybe has a sleep in her
bed right now and what I was going to
show you don't mind that because that is
just our um laundry piles right now
because we don't actually have a laundry
basket sorted out right now um but
basically I was going to show you guys
what I did or just wanted me to show you
guys what I did because I've been
sorting out the well some of the clothes
so you read so long to speak to them so
tired
anyways um so basically what I have done
is I did something I decided to do
something nice for jovis cuz I don't
actually have all of my clothes yet here
half of them a big chunk of them are
still in the other halves so I decided
to do something nice for geophys because
he never really had a proper closet
because I always took up all the space
and now we have more closet space so he
can have an actual closet of his own so
he was always complaining because he was
like I have like one tiny little space
in all my all his stuff was like just in
a big pile he's so messy and I'm so neat
and like I just never bothered with his
stuff because he just messes it up
straight away but now I was just like
you know what I'm just gonna organize
his stuff so this is what we have so far
this is Jo oh great that's our focus
are you for real like you're ruining
this moment anyways that's just a
suitcase over there for now
but um and this is only like half this
stuff what's most with t-shirts but I
think there's a ton ton more so he was
like he's like oh there's a box of stuff
here that belongs to me this is one of
some large boxes um he was like but it
all needs to be washed I was like what
are you serious he's like yeah it was
all a note dirty pile someplace I
thought I found so it needs to be washed
I was like okay like there's enough
money to do already
what um so yeah I organized
his stuff his suit and his shirts and
that's one pair of shorts all his
t-shirts are organized by color his
sweatshirt his one pair of jeans his one
good sweat shirt not too attractive claw
pullover
yeah um and his shoes his slippers um
and yeah that's it so far and then um my
closet isn't done yet if you guys want
to see that's that part and then we have
this for shoes so I started kind of
stocking shoes but I'm not really sure
how I'm going to do that because I have
my shoes on boxes and they actually fit
these are really off with though this is
like a very very strange like look how
small these shelves are like seriously
so yeah we're gonna figure that it but
um and they're just the shoes I'm
wearing right now but I'm probably gonna
have to just stack them like this I
don't know it's not a very smart
um closet kind of organization foot and
then this is all gonna be my space which
obviously hasn't been filled yet so
that's it before um and then we're gonna
go to my mom's house um because it's my
uncle's birthday like I said we had
birthday cake earlier it was so good my
aunt made like um homemade carrot cake
but it was like you could there was like
chunks of like fruit and carrot and oh
my god pineapple it was like so good and
then my cousin made the frosting and
that was amazing - oh this is Amelia's
room hold on
which looks like crap right now but this
will be her nursery so that's her crib
her toys I actually unboxed a ton of
stuff because I needed the box for
something else that's why it's all messy
in here she's got a little white closet
over there um yeah and there's her
Emilia mm-hmm um so this is actually the
smallest bedroom but we decided because
the one that's next to the master
bedroom she would have that for now this
is a linen closet or hot press this in
here oh it's going to be it's a work in
progress it's going to be it's a spare
room but it's probably gonna house all
of my stuff my makeup and my desk I'm
trying to figure out how to make this
desk work you guys let me know what you
think
I moved the bed right because the bed is
so big but we wanted to have a bed for
when people stay over you know um but
it's it's quite big because it
technically could be a double bed so
I've got like the bed here but then I'm
like the plugs are on those sides of the
wall there's none here so as first was
going to move the bed like length you
know the other way at this wall and then
have the desk over there but there's no
plug sockets so I can't do that so right
now I have the bed I just moved it into
the middle of the room well actually I
moved in it was over there and I moved
it like here so that I could fit my desk
here underneath the window but now I'm
just like having second thought it's ooh
it's so small and I just don't know if
the desk is really going to work in here
um this is also the only room without a
closet so this really will just be like
a spare room and yeah and then this room
is another spare room but it has a
closet it's a bit bigger I guess I could
have made this my room but I don't know
I don't know guys
I'll see I'll see what I'll do I'm still
kind of deciding and then this is our
main bathroom um which is still minor
focus down um there's a big mirror there
which i think is cool
there's nothing mirror there um window
and yeah and then there's downstairs so
that's pretty much the tour of the
upstairs because I know a lot of you
guys were asking we'll probably do like
a proper house tour when the place is
decorated for me because it's obviously
not yet I also kind of want to put a
vanity over there because there's space
for one but yeah anyways we need to go
because it's like 20 past 8:00 where
well I'm not really supposed to be there
at 8:00 button I think everybody in my
family just understands that we're
always gonna be late now
they just tell us like half an hour they
give us like an extra half and they're
like oh dinner's at 8:00 but they mean
half past 8:00 so that will definitely
be there by half past eight if you know
what I mean but yes so we're gonna go
have some Thai food because like I said
it's my uncle's birthday and I think
there's another birthday cake as well my
mom made the one that I showed you guys
that she was making yesterday so we're
gonna do that and um wake this stupid
big bead oh how are we do when are we
having ourselves a good time I said how
are are we doing are we having ourselves
a good time I just change my now I'm
gonna go probably second Rory from
mommy's boobs all right let's what she
crack are you having yourselves a
rackety time Oh No snack where were you
five seconds ago in my subconscious you
guys have fun they love it the garden if
Cardone Ian gardenia on all got a place
is so nice now it's just full of stuff I
know we're slowly getting there my
office II stay my office II place is
left and I know it's well they're still
up this up to do but this little look
kind of nice still stuff to put away and
all doesn't that look kind of nice isn't
it looking kind of nice e he's nude
Ricky Nations yeah totally is guys look
is running up there don't be confused
oh no come on come on now mmm come on
baby
you all grow up yeah never wake a
sleeping baby you broke rule number one
mmm-hmm I would love it I can't tie in
my day but never did so much lies of
course my number 17
I'll get him out of it oh crap we still
40 designers in come on time I mean
Ricky's went outside and he trying to
hit refresh a game a straight year house
we gave in a car with no windows there's
no windows he's just like reversed up
the road with it was like solid Dave
across some doors and then he varakin
three rows it was a good day
let's see more - all right hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
