oh crap there's no food in the fridge
I'm starving and there's no food in the
fridge Nene's but this is my
hello get me Batman
dear do you think yeah do you love it we
do ahead should you move first all those
in Keene oh my god
I love this thing like all guys have no
idea how long we've been keeping this
quiet and trying to organize everything
for one two three four
Joe has money one of these for so long
my life my life is complete look at the
space in here it's a space is incredible
isn't it yeah that is that is really
cool what do you guys think you guys
gonna be happy living in here all living
together
oh there's a lot of all right
um now we gotta go move looking in media
oh in the vacuum and air so we've been
waiting for ages because geophys is just
picking up the van and unfortunately I
am NOT able to help him move because we
can't put Amelia into the van because
that won't work because she can't go in
the front so immediate ear with me and
her OMA who kindly dropped us to the
garret and we're gonna go back to Alma's
house have some lunch and then
Joffe is gonna move so it seems like a
fair it seems fair you know so he's
gonna come at her he said that the van
was bigger than our house so I don't
know how big and it's supposed to be but
apparently it is a really big one
because they told him that all the
smaller vans were gone so it
seems like it's gonna be a monster so
and I don't know if I showed him an
outfit it's really really cute actually
I might wait to show it at home but
she's wearing stripy pants and then
she's wearing a little blue top which I
got her from the pumpkin patch and I was
really sad because it's aged newborn and
I thought it'd be too small but it's
actually kind of my god yeah do you want
to see you can see him he's coming in at
now can you hear it
oh my god
it's cute I don't know if it's gonna
look that big on camera but trust me it
realizes it's pretty good so yes we're
gonna go have some lunch because I
actually haven't had breakfast yet today
because we were in such a rush that this
morning
it's Jeff is over there
you know if you can see him I'm not I
can see me from his mirror anyways I
love her outset though it's still cute
Frank
she looks very Parisian but then she's
writing a look I love us a bit so it
doesn't look crazy in anymore slicks
American but she's so cute and then her
grandma which the puppies stole and
almost ruined
anyways alright ease it's quite a lot of
stuff needs to be moved its lashing rain
which is very inconvenient I will have
you know very inconvenient indeed I'm
driving the biggest van in the world
because I am I've rented a big ad truck
to move all the stuff and I was like can
I have a small one as well small ones
that I was like oh can I have a medium
one oh there's no medium ones left
what is there left only the biggest
truck in the world ever created known to
mankind we're talking Optimus Prime here
so I'm like alright so I had this big
hall or outside um and then as we were
going up there I was like waiting yeah
we can't bring immediately in it because
there's no bike features only obviously
like a front seat thing hey hey there's
only a front seat thing you know so I
was like oh you thought wrong so Anna's
gonna spend the day with her mom like
she did yesterday and I'm going to have
to move all this on my own
oh look I took the crib apart oh
goodness but do you guys remember last
time what a mess it was this time look
how organized we are I went and I bought
this and it's like a collection of boxes
and you got like look Nursery Ramanujan
Management Joe forces room drovers room
and as you know everything is organized
and labeled and oh yeah we're good at
this now we've done this before
you guys are last there's the last thing
there's no idea how amazing the house is
guys no idea okay oh is that the Sun is
that the Sun yeah the Sun come out but
it's still like there's no tomorrow okay
while I wait for that I shall have some
proper con gusto because it's plenty
oh yeah oh that's the stuff there now
thank you very much yeah I think she's
kind of she's wonder she probably knows
it's a person but she doesn't really
understand
that's so weird yeah if my sister emma
is watching this mock well cuz Oreo is
her cat oh and look new Nikki's going oh
my god okay guys yeah anything stupid
now okay it's a baby yeah they're scary
they don't know if they actually would
do anything with that they would but I'm
just a bit scared yeah cuz Nikki he did
poke out a knife of elby's so he does
get a bit jealous so we just have to be
careful but I'm sure that's fine
you know you hear about like cats
jumping up on babies and like cuz
they're warm and stuff and then they
suffocate them that really scares me so
let's just put her the cat's don't
smother her or scratch her eyes out look
at this thing I feel like I can move in
here I think this is it
what is that like look at the size of
this thing there's definitely gonna be
enough room for everywhere well can you
see him I know you can see the cockpit
thing in there it's tricky to drive okay
stop rating for a moment so I'm gonna
try and get the stuff in in between the
rain showers so we're just having our
lunch now
I'm feeding Amelia I hope you can't see
I put my hair on my boobs so you
wouldn't see which probably isn't very
nice for her but anyways um so we're
having pumpkin and the pumpkin is
Oh Moretti tortellini ravioli ravioli
sorry and with Parmesan cheese not that
I think no no sauce or anything because
no sauce necessary you can see the
pumpkin kind of convenient there so
having very festive meal
I think joke this is probably having
leftover soup and but - now the pronto
corn Augusto yeah probably so once she
finishes feeding a minister I'm not and
then oh you finished yeah I've actually
mastered the art of feeding myself while
feeding immediately it's hard but I can
do it depends what side she's on but I'm
left-handed so I can I can do it this
time okay see you guys can't actually
see anything oh alright ease huh hey Jo
fee did huh
getting somewhere oh my god poop though
I'm so glad that ass cuz I knew this is
coming up like a couple of months ago
you know we knew we're gonna do this
well I was like that was part of my
motivation as well for the fitness thing
because I was like we're gonna have a
new baby so Anna is probably gonna have
to look after the baby which falls to me
to do all her moving so I best be a fit
and strong which I am and then if I need
to I can just hop on here recharge my
fitness level that's that's basically
what that is it's a recharger recharge
everything's Oh moving stuff moving you
stop work isn't it huh Alby knows how he
moved widows from London to Dublin from
Dublin to Cork from Cork to court to
court to court and quark to Cork and now
he's moving again with us
Cena has moved from court to court to
court and his
moving in with us the puppies hey having
a breeze what's going on
they have Anna Cruz iou's I think I'll
be has an idea though it's like oh this
I can gosh darn it I know how these but
it's gonna be a better house two guys
okay it's gonna be a better how to see
trust me Preston jofi do you guys trust
in Joffe he'd become and if you trust
him Duffy my uncle my aunt my aunt is
coming with her family and her husband
my uncle it's his birthday tomorrow
so she's baking a cake even though my
aunt told her not to cause she bakes it
too but there's a lot of people coming
so she's baking this cake Italian apple
pie it's actually from her
Nigella her noon Nigella book so that's
what she's doing and as you can tell
them we're gonna help in here actually
she needs to clean each one of the clean
her house before people came so I think
I might I might help her out with that
although she won't tell me what what she
want me to do Chris doesn't want me like
that but I actually don't want to me
in the media sleeping with her hair
buyer out I love BB it might all I can
sing about it did you get some tunes
under go oh yeah
mr. loves intercepts and move and stuff
but storming again they didn't punch
control I love that look at this oh my
goodness
talk about timing and everything oh my
god I just got most of this stuff up
like I don't even put in kitchen yet
though we see that's fine right the
kitchen self it's like look what we
still have this house for there two
months or even more you know so I'm we
have two houses we have two offices for
the next few months nice so when we have
wave like big fights and stuff one of us
can come live here over there for a
while
but I just am because I rented the truck
I just wanted to move as much stuff as
possible and then the rest of the stuff
looking just sort of drips and drabs you
know electric guitars look up my mom has
to do to her sofa just want me to show
up but I bet people to have cats will be
able to relate because um well actually
Oreo is on the sofa anyway do you know
that
alright ya know so she has to put
magazines yeah so
well it's cuz she this little little
pussycat and actually it's not just her
it's all the other because there's four
cats total they go up here and then they
leave all their account here and then my
mom's also technically allergic to cats
which it's why she has to for tests but
no she actually kind of is so hmm they
just shed too much hair so that's why we
got Alby and seen on all our puppies
because they don't judge but you know I
just thought that was funny just put all
the magazines up so it aurilla won't go
I think she's laying on this cuz it's a
blanket or a throw not right Oreo
this is so funny another thing like you
know if we didn't have any pets like and
I'm talking about me as well like right
now I have to sometimes like sometimes I
wish that we didn't have pets cuz then I
think our heads would be so immaculately
and I kill it all the time but then I
know if you're an animal lover it's
worth that I couldn't imagine my life
without pets and same with my mama
saying it's the same with her it's
annoying because oh also the cats
scratch at the furniture as well so
that's obviously annoying but it is
worth it if you like pets so if you're
worth it Oreo we still love you it won't
give you away the big fella
this is a big huh oh excuse me there no
gay burn talking about the old analog
digital switchover mm-hmm very important
but my goodness every time I go around
myself I go in a corner I hear do all
the stops in the house look we decided
to do four TVs and that's so cool it's
like the perfect eye level but I was
gonna hang it that was my original plan
and I was going ahead and like yeah I'm
gonna hind it and then we just plopped
it down I'll just drag that thing in I
put it down forgot even had that and
then I was like oh my god that matches
it perfectly all right put em we got to
do a quick chore first before it gets
too late and then there's just saying
like all the boxes and all the
electrical equipment like my full studio
is like everything computerized and
electronic seems to go into my study and
everything clothing and fashion right
tips to go times room very equal
American stuff like my clothes is like
zero oh okay it's like one and your
electrical components is like one this
is quite comfortable okay let's get
outta here
then it actually recognizes us today I'm
in my moving clothes and all my other
clothes are back in the other hats okay
so I know I looks like enormous but
don't judge okay okay okay
I don't think there's a the gates
enemies
oh there's Matt's so you seem to be
everywhere now okay this is all getting
is it it's a changing table dresser oh
it's a good time isn't it everything all
right they don't seem to have them here
so we just take them be mean for Amelia
yeah
do you mean for me there you no harm
my father says all the times and I'm
fine oh just like after seconds go
so Rhett I didn't like the garden even
show chief me Gardens haven't brought
her little friends in yes it's so cool
right there goes all the way around
oh look we got max look put the mats
then all right that seems piranha step
away I say Dan is like that time we move
about does I we just get enough stuff oh
yeah it was like we just need to bring
prioritize and what we need to bring
just enough stuff so I was like I'm
gonna need my copy machine I'm gonna
need my Casta coffee cups and I'm gonna
need my coffee and everything else is
sorted it's the van rental thing right
whoa look at my office as well now how
much dust in here I'm so excited to am
to set this up you know put everything
away and set everything up and you're
like yeah I'm thinking about getting a
flat screen and then they're like I
don't know whatever inches I meant it on
the wall up there
and then putting the desk underneath it
so then when I want to play the
PlayStation I can sit back in the couch
and have it up there I'm trying to
decide about deal with that one beside
the window or this one over here you
know or are thinking of mounting it over
the fireplace but am I brought this with
me lucky jumpers let me comment if you
were involved in that you might do it
again next Christmas well I didn't do it
oh I'm pretty sure I packed the food one
just before I left because I am starving
I think we need to get some knock on
tire or something oh
copious is meais and the very Justin
stuff huh
it's the solid perm was kind of
permanent semi-permanent tip it up we go
upstairs we close it that's it locked up
so now the doggies have all of that area
I know here and you can have my room and
they can sleep on the couches
I think it happens have a Hooley with no
one this it's just let's just call
upstairs doesn't exist okay I don't want
any you guys telling them around
upstairs Ari this is where we live now
we're in a bungalow okay oops
you realize you're feeding there all
right oh my goodness let's go get the
doggies
where do they think are you guys
thinking I did I should have you make
sure to wipe your paws do you guys did
good
do you love it do you love it
there's so much to explore what why
price idea thank you
what you guys think he'll like it I'll
scratch it in the car oh crap
well a second
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
