good morning afternoon and night I have
a pizza I have to repeat this one
famiglia and one for Eduardo it's that
kind of a day friends like it's raining
it's cold our pads are falling off
okay they're not but it's raining and
cold I'm wearing pajamas we've had a bit
of a couch e pajama day friends it's
about seven o'clock now at six o'clock I
think we got the kids pizzas and then
myself and Anna we're gonna get some
deliver later because we can put the
kids to bed cuz very rarely you'll find
me put you here for a second we can
admire my lower chin here it's very
attractive oh crap
right Rin Rin guys I have something for
you which I believe you might be
interested in I have the pizza for the
teacher and something in this box for
after if you're good boys and girls now
please take your seats
no you cannot see what it is and it's
not a bluey a yellow knee a red knee so
what could it be what no see then see
she is marche tahole
august nabi john buchelli august colleen
yoke was I wearing that when I went
outside to the pizza man right what
quick quidditch all right is it lads the
last Sunday of summer holidays tomorrow
morning begins a whole new chapter in
your lives
are you excited thank you for the
applause yes
no sit down everyone it is time for
putzi unless you guys want me to get you
some vegetables a little play the
vegetables no see you want the pizza Wow
Wow tell me why you deserve to Pizza
media
let's do the graduates for pizza day
okay the children's line up let me see
my birth hey guys first again okay Khan
is going up faster way oh and where does
busy what geez
good thing you didn't get that open
right now let me get you some plates and
stuff
ex-squeeze-me baking powder just hold on
oh all right okay Jay wait a second you
guys pop these plates anymore that would
be so much happier for the Washington
situation I meet you guys you're gonna
get package Ninja Turtles yeah it's
putting out into bed oh I suppose that
is probably putting Eliza to bed more
than lately and yeah um gonna watch more
mist soon as we put that you know who to
sleep in adieu oh you guys watch the
friendliest fan video today did you did
you watch do you like they didn't yell
were you able to find the toy don't tell
them where it is I'm thinking you're
right where it is
where's the dinosaur hiding oh you got
it but no Yugi who a minute does it say
and he goes
therapy
children's and then gonna try to beat
the Anna's team deatils beat the dog or
gonna feed the dogs leave comments if
you'd like to be fed by Jonathan we
could arrange that I could just come by
our house you're go the airplane could
be a new service you provide me like
meals on wheels buy securities that's
such a nice talk did you eat get
actually get that in Beverly Hills email
yeah yeah I know go to mommy
go find a dinosaur if it's lost right
I'll give him back you parents said then
no no well finding a dinosaur what do
you know
we'll do a trade Eduardo yeah Amelia hit
it come on Amelia come on let's go
mister inside
my girls girls team is it magic it makes
real magic I guess turn your light on
give a little spin did it look how cozy
it's gotten okay go sit into your bed
and pick one in a box morning light at
the end of the day hop into bed and we
shall read another farmland tale story
if you noticed Adam because I've been
reading a lot of these lately with the
kids when I did the friendliest friend
book today the way I hid the toy in all
the scenes I was probably inspired by
the idea of hiding the little little
ducks anyway which one you wanna read
tonight got mr. wooly stops the Train
Rusty's train right dolly train does
changing okay there's a training on her
oh no have you ever been camping hmm we
should go camping sometime we could camp
in the garden you and me in a tent in
the garden we should probably bring
Amelia with us so the real trick here
friends it's not the deliveryman is
already oh yeah I got all we need to
make sure to get this big little boy and
med asleep that's 15 20 minutes we agent
the newer new dog won an Amelia and
mommy are graduating you know Anna I
can't
which campaign that's the riskier to
take fellas fellas and friends and lads
and lassies say goodnight goodnight and
with your mother
I passed oh but we already waiting on
their delivery man waiting on their
delivery man I'm obsessed with this game
guys it's like garden something garden
escapes or something I'm not really sure
but it's so right I think I'm gonna
level
yeah 186 thank you so much it's so good
though so good toast recommend it it's
like you have it's like it's like a
diamond thing is a when as you win I
can't show you but as you win you get
points and you build the garden pretty
cool but all these things are really
annoying spot time Oh didn't you know I
thought it's gonna happen well it's this
kid this is getting excited what's going
on over there oh you're in for a treat
ready ready
stay there I'll be okay
good boy
fifty time
oh it's tasty time come on AVI it's
tasty time we're gonna giggle at the
squid we're gonna give what the squids
come on inside I'll be inside
come on come on let's go let's go
everybody
we done good we booms good demos pajamas
all day every day it's actually in the
middle that's look I'm gonna finish this
game first it's too intense
now before I eat I like to make sure
that anna has everything that she needs
would you like some chilled water madam
Witcher with your shrimp
let me just get that for you there just
are you are you okay now are you set
yeah okay but you guys Anna Anna had a
little aperitif aperitif cheesecake I'm
gonna bang on this you know one go whoop
looks like you're gonna have to go video
presentation situation and we watched
television and we fell to our Samba
until there were welcomed by all the
children Bella rude but here talk back
to skill is amazing
I can't good night feels like oh yeah
Wow
