I said oh you mean what's that oh that's
nothing
oh that's not nothing to be alarmed up
if I don't even look over there in that
particular area okay
happy one-month birthday to you
sorry ladies my daddy has taken happy
one birthday too
that's my wine mine I shall do whatever
I like because I'm so cute I just might
happy birthday woman birthday every
woman's birthday happy one-month
birthday did you wish our birthday huh
Amelia happy birthday happy birthday hi
Oh me happy birthday I thought you guys
remember the card I was like - no I
didn't yet only one you did I don't know
what I did that was like two years ago
we got that card let's go down here now
you hit me he hit me in Hawaii is it to
bring Sini's it's my birthday you tell
you I heard someone singing birthdays
and I think it's my birthday
cancel it we give her leg kick yes Nikki
kissing on lick down would you
is it taking licking it give us a lick
ear cuff just
simi's why are you I'm so obsessed given
her Netflix and she got drool there
something is there drooling mr. drew
llege yeah I think that name is milk on
the side of her neck or something CDs
you are such a little brat you're gonna
get us into so much trouble
every word they told you oh do you think
yeah the fix are you gonna sit in the
back they're going off without us going
off with mommy and your first adventure
alone um I'll be there
stop I'm afraid do you need the app
wheels from the car wow I need to put
the keys on my shoes keys on my feet yes
half the cart is like the names this
mammoth there Jonathan I took this
opportunity to express how much I love
you please leave and move in with me
that's what a desk that's what it says I
would never lie okay I'm gonna do this
the first time by myself okay okay it's
good so far
oh no wait wait Jonathan's watching this
no thank you
now let's get Amelia
oh I did it yes I did it oh my pushing
in me we're going in the back way hi
since your first time and I have
swelling this was the most important
thing for me to get was the pronto con
gusto for Jonathan so my first thing I
reached for it so I'm gonna just put
everything in here for now I promise I'm
not stealing okay let me see what else
we're gonna get might get some pasta
this
basket victim way doctors and she has
what she doesn't have more meds to see
yeah she does
no she doesn't I feel me too but yeah
we're eating dinner at her house tonight
which Jonathan doesn't know about yet no
that's what we're doing tonight we're
having crab cakes I think okay pick up
yesterday is this yeah and I got the
butternut squash sure one cat chicken
soup
I like creamy coconut tomato chicken
soup seasoned with a dash of lime
cucumber and and spice how do you cook
this bad boy probably just in a pot
right um no in fromage ah no creation
no what people reveal peel and reveal
guys oh it's sticky what well that
didn't work you can see the instructions
in the inner inside but I cannot I
cannot get what how am I supposed to
reveal it in Oh Oh got it
okay oh god no you got it okay
microwave mmm I look hobbed I liked a
hobby eat my soup world his fun break he
gently five to six minutes stirring
occasionally what
you can put this on the hub doesn't make
any sense
that doesn't make any sense it's just
maybe our strollers Chuck let's put you
in okay yeah
she's across because we're not moving
anyways look what Pasquale's gave us
some Italian sweet gave us okay I was
just sure your sweets he gave one to me
and one to why I called her Nana pushy
well she's all much she's all my aunt
naina I don't know his if my dad were
around he would have been none of so I'm
not really sure how he would have
anyway so we got some nice things didn't
we okay you meanie our home event today
your dogs already alright let's get you
out of here and this was actually easy
to do I thought it would be more
complicated so it's there okay let's go
home
I think and easy oh yeah by the way in
case you guys were wondering the dog
that it was in wasn't yesterday's video
or the day before yesterday free advice
I'm not really sure but the dog thought
Java's was like guess which one it is
was Nevaeh so if anybody guest Nevaeh
you were right
I'm not sure if javis has mentioned this
already but um it was an affair and some
people were like it was Alby she had two
eyes how was it all be a lot of you guys
thought it was Theo as well but Theo is
a lot fatter than that so um yeah it was
Nevaeh and plus a good hint is that
Nevaeh is the only puppy that can
actually get up onto the couch so if you
see a dog on the couch and you know it's
a puppy javis yeah I have something
anything with you an SD card I found
something gasps was it the Lowepro part
of the camera there oh okay that was an
SD card yeah it was me yeah so she's the
only puppy who can actually get up onto
the end furniture so okay I'm gonna make
lunch oh do you guys want to see what I
got in the Italian shop still me I got
three pronto con Gusteau's which I was
telling Pasquale that Joseph likes to
eat them just cold on their own
because he was like he doesn't heat them
off and I was like no I just rated the
gun okay and then I got this
ricotta watch call this sauce pasta
sauce which is amazing and then this was
a freebie actually Joe fish you guys I
swear to God if you pee in that room can
you murder you
that's right okay so this is my lunch
and amelia is crying I think okay now
she stopped but she was crying so you
might go in and sit with her or you know
what yeah no I'll go in and sit with her
sure she doesn't mind the dogs barking
it's funny she's used to them by now
no all it changed up and we're gonna go
downstairs and you're gonna sit in your
swing for a little bit so that mommy can
get to work done okay she is so cute
so yesterday I bought some of these shoe
boxes Joe Rudi handy they're flat packed
and they don't work very well with heels
as you can see it's kind of a bit you
know it's kind of popping up a little
bit so I might just do my flats in here
definitely not gonna work with these
because these are three-inch heels and
they're 2-inch and then I got some bins
for Amelia's closed the ones that don't
fit her anymore so I'm going to do that
today and get all organized and in case
you're wondering why I still have my
scarf on that's because I don't know if
dad's to take it off cuz I just feel
like I'm always going I never get a
chance to likes it actually the times
that I do you get a chance to see
down and like half to myself I usually
are usually when I'm breastfeeding
because when I'm breastfeeding obviously
I'm kind of just hooked up to whatever
to Amelia but just you know I'm kind of
I'm just in one position I can't really
move or go anywhere and that's when the
iPhone comes in super handy like I am so
just for breastfeeding I'm so so
grateful for the iPhone because that's
when I watch youtube videos
I like reply to people's comments on
like Twitter and Facebook and stuff and
then I catch up on like people that I'm
subscribed to and like I read emails and
tweets and stuff so that's like my my
downtime is when I'm breastfeeding and
because otherwise I would be bored out
of my mind and then when I'm not
breastfeeding
it's like I'm always constantly just on
the go I have to get things done I have
to like clean up after the six puppies
that we own but it's okay they're all
worth it but um yeah that's why I didn't
take my scarf off it was a very long
explanation so this is my scarf
organization by the way which I did not
make this up myself I think I got it
from I can't even remember cuz I've been
doing this for a really long time
storing them this way but um a lot of
people mentioned that they had started
to store their scarves this way because
of me which is kind of cool so there we
go well nice and neat and voila all my
shoes okay not all of my shoes because
they're just flats because it doesn't
work with heels and boots I guess the
joke was like you could just lay the
heels down I was like oh yeah
but I kind of like how heels look when
that you can see them like in your
closet because they're kind of like the
prettiest shoe and then it won't work
with my boots which from the meantime
we're all just in there so yeah I'm
ready happy with that I think that's
really cool and you can see them like
you know you can see what shoes they are
and like you can apparently you can
actually stack these on top of each
other and they like clip into place yeah
connectible
but I still haven't really figured that
one out um I'm not sure anyways but I'm
pretty happy with that I think that
looks kind of cool and I like how you
can see them through so you don't need
to like label them or anything so I'm
gonna work on Amelia's clothes now and
I'll show you guys that when I'm done I
found guys these are them
these are seen a sonogram look where'd
she see the puppies swept up the puppy
they're moving inside actually kind of
looks like aliens where you can kind of
see the puppies when they're actually
inside better or look there's a tail
look at that wise yeah I know who are
you guys huh
isn't that so cool actually looks like
something aliens or something but I
don't know if even you guys were
actually following us back then I don't
know if you ever saw them for that
that's so cool I can they grow up so
fast beanies mm-hmm so what I did was I
packed all of her three to six and
three-month clothes in here and I put
all her 9 to 12 well 6 6 months 9 to 12
months and I think there's some 6 to 9
months as well and then there's one 18
month item we have one 18 month item so
that's the biggest one we have and I
think he came from Jan Couture mom NYC
on YouTube because I think she she got
Emilia like tons of stuff she and her
her daughter Allie and um lots of
different ages as well and then the
biggest thing was 18 months and I
remember looking at it being like this
is huge but I'm sure when the time comes
it won't be so huge anymore and we'll be
looking at all of her like zero to three
months stuffing like that's tiny but um
that's what I did for now I know my
original plan was to put the newborn
stuff in but this just seemed like a
better idea right now
because this is all stuff that she's not
wearing so the only stuff that she is
wearing at the moment is in here now it
looks pretty messy because it just took
it like a ton of stuff and everything
got dislodged but um there are shoes and
socks and she's got bibs but these are
her zero to three things so that's
really all she's wearing right now and
then I'll have to figure out something
else for the newborn stuff we'll
probably um put that in like a smaller
container or something I don't already
know if you guys have any tips let me
know but um that's kind of how it is for
now I just decided it would be better
before we get her because we are getting
her dresser I keep forgetting that we're
actually we're gonna get her dresser but
we're gonna do that um she's stirring
yeah so we're getting her a dresser
which matches this and it'll be her
changing table then and then we'll
actually use her crib as her crib but
not her changing table because she will
have her own nursery in your house which
is so much fun and yeah I think we're
getting the stock a dresser in like this
color this dark wood color and it's got
like tons of storage in there so that's
when I'll be able to like organize
everything property well for now all of
her stuff that she doesn't need right
now is in storage bins and that's how
it's gonna be for a while Oh sue
documentary
look at my shadow Amelie shadow we've
come for dinner
I mean hey no waiting for their
mortadella what's the light have you a
faster Doris where's the meat
sorry where's the meat well it's in the
oven
oh thank God I thought that's what it
was did you I was a fish cakes or
cupcakes Oh Krabby Patties spongebob
would be happy no you just met noise
just it was a crazy situation there was
an emergency situation okay this is this
the first time we've ever actually had
to change her kicking tyranny I think so
but I always bring a spare outfit anyway
just about this is not her costume by
the way no but it is that was a gift
from a subscribe or from an Irish
subscriber cuz I think it's from done
stores
oh is it yep they would say it on the
label on the inside and there's a
matching bib see it says mummy's little
pumpkin oh you're daddy's little pumpkin
actually
it's so funny that the zero to three
stuff is fitting her soul so well so
well rower
look there's little little snakes Oh
snakes in the bunker yeah kind of
pumpkins you eat
well it's spooky and look I want hugs I
matched it up artists house I want hugs
spooky like should be like I want to
murder your hugs or something it's not a
Halloween fest is from a different sense
you might you you mismatched assess no I
did match it cuz it's orange and look at
this huge total citrine I still my
finger my finger almost like the whole
thing no don't forget the babe she did
just feed so she probably will spit
orange will probably show up yeah maybe
huh Christian yeah it actually looks
really cute we need to get her hat for
her costume though cuz otherwise it's
not me complete yeah good girl
shall we Instagram you crazy do you
think that Amelia's like an entire month
old today
you know I just think that's really like
crazy to even think that she's like a
monkey you've had her for like an entire
month
you know she's seeing this like oh my
god four weeks
Oh even a month I wonder is it like you
feel like it's gone fast but then at the
same he's like it's only a month and you
know you don't think it's gotten as fast
you know it's like she's a month already
anything like that's crazy how fast
she's gone you know
thanks so much can happen in a month huh
tented
guys in our minds what's that oh you
mean what's that oh that's nothing
oh that that's not nothing to be alarmed
right if I don't even look over there in
that particular area okay you should
watch tomorrow's blood seriously as far
as well gonna be epic
tomorrow's right it's gonna be epic or
we just tell them now yeah sure anyway
what we're doing is hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
