you get yourself a laundry basket and
you sort of just place it over the baby
like so
when we go we can't real process right
you know when the baby's in the bed
right oh yeah and you want to leave her
in the bag but you're all like oh no I
can't leave her here whatever like the
dogs interfere or something like that
right what'd you do did you move all the
stuff out of the way right you get the
baby and then basically you get yourself
a laundry basket and you sort of just
place it over the baby like so job done
you are almost you look a little what's
coming sorry well as daddy making jokes
at your expense
oh yeah happy times did you like that
now on the in the morning when she wakes
when I first wake up yeah and she first
wakes up and she's got her eyes closed
you know and then she kind of starts to
open them I'm like me and her eyes like
and then and then slowly they open and
then she sees me I don't get that no but
you would if you woke her up more didn't
work
well not bads dawn but like just when
she's waking up in the morning and then
she sees you for the first time and she
recognizes you and she smiles it's like
oh my god make you want to cry I'm gonna
sell finder today when she's nothing
gonna wake her up you like honey not
wake her up like in the process of
waking haha nuts nuts you gonna smile
for daddy
even I smile for daddy high-five
one-month-old tomorrow high fives vlogs
I fight drugs ready ready guys Shh I
don't think I've ever been as tired in
my
yeah like I don't know what I did to
delete like I don't know what happened
all that footage delete it or break it
or whatever the hell happened it wasn't
usable it's all fragmented and then I
forgot to put the little picture at the
NES is vlog and so tired like I don't
think I've ever experienced
and it's not like tiredness like you can
just have a quick sleep and it's over
you know it's like tiredness that just
never ends you know it's like a
tiredness that no matter how much you
sleep it's it just it doesn't make a
difference because the tiredness is not
I know like I have to even describe it
you know you started making little
mistakes and you do stupid things and
you just start saying stupid stuff and
you're just like what's going on you
know and that's like and at the same
time we're going just like a huge thing
you know and I'm just like oh my god
every day I'm like checking myself going
like hold on a second like what did you
do yesterday mistake sir did I do
anything what do I know it's just having
a baby makes you do stupid things
because you just you're not thinking
clearly I just need the rain Nino anyway
I gotta put some air in the tire and I'm
gonna get me a tuna roll Oh God
so no I think it's not hard working I
sense you know and I guess it's it's
just I'm just so tired every day I don't
know one of these days I'm afraid I'm
gonna make like even oh my goodness
you know I'm friends gonna make an even
bigger stupid or a mistake or something
but just I don't monumental let's go now
it's time to hand job
I have my lunch over there and she's
just waking up oh I just wanted to take
a shower and get ready and everything so
I put on the hairdryer app and it really
worked to get her to sleep but now she's
I'm just finished and I was just about
to have my lunch and she's just waking
up so that's stuck so I'm gonna have to
UM
eat her and my lunch will have to wait
oh but you're right that it's okay she's
actually reacting to these I can't
remember if I said that in yesterday's
vlog or not because we vlog like twice
yesterday because of the big mess up
with the footage being launched but um
she's really reacting to stuff like I
tried to tween them and you know
pressing them yesterday and she's not
reacting yes can't wait to get her swing
up and ready that'll be so cool so I'm
gonna feed her now and um I actually
forgot about this oh my god my belly
bandit is working so well I lost another
inch from my waist I was so happy this
morning I was like yes because my waist
used to be super tiny I never like
realized before I just took him for
granted like an idiot like her in my
wedding time yes it was like a 23 24
inch waist it was like insane um and now
I'm like realizing that I took it for
granted because I miss it and back when
I first took measurements which was that
two weeks ago three weeks ago I'm not
really sure and it'd gone down to 28
inches and now it's at 27 from wearing
the belly but and I haven't been working
out like I've been walking the dogs but
I haven't been doing like any ABS
exercises and I haven't been dieting or
anything so I really give credit to the
Belly Bandit which I have on right now I
know it looks weird cuz it's kind of
poking out but it does the job like it
does look kind of like I'm wearing a
brace and sometimes I feel like just
taking it off and going out with
it because I'm like it would probably
look better if I didn't wear it because
you can see it kind of underneath but if
it's working then I'm not doing enough
ever I'm gonna wear it forever no I'm
gonna wear it until it until I feel like
it's not a job yes I don't know but um
yeah definitely recommend this baby
because it has worked so of course now
you're quiet right
just when I said I was gonna feed you
you get quiet again oh my god you look
so like my mom right now
sometimes I see different people in her
sometimes I see my mom sometimes I see
Joe ffice a lot and then sometimes I see
Erica because Erica had the same dark
hair as her and my mom sees me I was a
baby in her actually I'll show you guys
hold on
I'll show you guys this is me as a baby
now keep in mind I was a bit on very
tails about maybe six months to one I'm
not really sure but that's me who knows
baby
let's see look pretty really need to
make the other team stick to my manual
swinging with the sound from the iPhone
okay I really need to build the
everything
you like this - like that - hm
just sometimes we accidentally just hit
the bottom and it's like whoa the hand
goes up I think I just broke the camera
I just break your faces
okay it's not a great son all right no
no you know um I really want to go to
Home Store and more which Jonathan likes
to call bathroom look you behead by them
beyond what is that bath in Joplin Sally
would know I actually that's not the
real reason I need to go there because
they need to get business for all of our
maybe comments that's too small for me
I'm just some other things as well it's
that kind of shop that you could just go
to and just like spend money
unnecessarily tough
so we just had parking closer by because
not because we're lazy because I've
never done ever put on the rain cover on
a mini a stroller and so yeah I don't
want to start today yeah
sorry what's raining I just don't need
the house why is there no baby things
there's disabled you know there's no
baby oh there's one look they're over
there but they're near Mothercare that
makes everything down there oh yeah yeah
but that's not closer for us anyways so
this is home story more and that is
where we're going and maybe I'll get a
cute animal as well well I guess well
and we should get an ankle air freshener
as well they're a bit strong smelling
now I know but I like them I like the
sort of smell of diesel and shoes old
shoes and diesel the manly smell
everything just smells like a media
these days it's a nice smell every time
I hug you I just smell in media I just
smelled milk it's like a sweet smell
it's weird I don't like it cuz it's all
my bras smell of it and all of my tops
and stuff like my pajama tops and stuff
and I'm just like I don't like it cuz
it's just like to me it's like
sickeningly sweet I don't know I never
knew that breast milk yeah that's what I
mean it's my listen no I like her sob oh
yeah her smile is like baby yeah so nice
what is that oh he's giving the hair to
go whenever you're all right get the
head of good if you have a baby give the
head a good sniff
it's like I don't know it's just so cute
or something and you smell you're like
oh and then everything and then and as
soon as I drop her back and she just
like looks overjoyed
yeah I know she's so cute I know but she
gets cross she kind of goes a little lip
goes up slit well I think she does this
thing where she sneezes
it's like the one time we get to hear
her voice cuz they she's already have a
voice yet she doesn't talk but that's
like when you actually can hear her
voice cuz you see this Lynch goes we
need to catch it on camera we do we do
yeah right yeah
although I notice on yesterday's one I
think you did when I was putting the
thing together I didn't hear it but I
think you had the points at her and you
said oh she did to thing but I was
distracted I think it was on yesterday's
but go watch yesterday's vlog again I
don't remember things anymore cuz I'm
just like this morning I make the crazy
decision honestly I just like Johnson's
like oh remember yesterday when we when
I talked to you about this or something
like no I don't know oh I don't remember
not happening at all because you're not
getting like you're not turning off for
like eight hours or something like that
so it's just continuous yeah since he
brought her home it's been one day got
darker and lighter but one day has
continued with loads of naps yeah
exactly
it's great right we made it we made it
but it's the cattle I was saying we
should get you oh no way these are
electric no they're electric but you
know one of these ones that goes it's a
Mentalist uses yeah yeah he's good at
Halloween section oh well this is like
an organizers wet dream storage plasters
everywhere that's what you want your
room to look like just a wall of like
those things
mm power7
is that like Windows 7 yeah I reckon go
for the plastic ones like domes we used
to have an informants remember Oh London
Wednesday
they wheeled arrange yeah all right I
can't get past there and it's good
little monster princess what is it oh
god no I'm not having a car jar place it
looks cards are you going to try and
I'll buy you a car and then you can fill
it with all the pink candles and purple
lavender you want huh what do you got
for a plan do you like it give this one
okay you can have one you have this 126
oh my god you get like a free toaster or
something with me all right okay it's
gonna Christmas one though Oh shots
it's like butternut squash no and put
her scotch no do you guys have a
favorite Yankee Candle oh please in the
comments below I think why I don't know
I really liked that one fluffy towel
sounds nice white garden Oh autumn
sounds good
alright this my bottom make if it's
crazy because I handed me the baby
powder 1 and I didn't know and I smelt
it and it smells exactly like baby
powder and in this fluffy towel 1 it
smells exactly like like how would you
how do you invent the smell of fluffy
towels like today just get loads and
loads of fluffy towels together and
grind them down turn into wax I like to
I like the lemon
I like the fruity ones I love lemon
lemon anything let's get our halloween
place
holy the hell does a candle that's such
bowl sis balloon but I was only saying
that we need something like this but
again they'd ruin it I was only saying
it looking comes with the cup you can
find out you could fill is that the
biggest one they have I think it is
Amelia it's your first Halloween
experience
Hey look at these masks there for monkey
man hi there they are not that scary
hello
which ones oh yeah
so cool-looking you set your head stop
following yet boys let's go no there
there
I'm I will eat your brain for breakfast
Oh Steve please do something Oh No
that's very enter time I think I can
just make that with a bedsheet
it's got microfibers seriously you need
something you can't change life feel
that it's that memory foam what you know
yeah well I think just like a normal
sort of age is suffice
I don't really like those things they
kind of feel weird and your feet you
know they do get mildew I never really
got into the whole fun toilet seats you
can't understand this this whole thing
we like a crossword or something built
into it it changes all the time people
think Matt's
I look makeup storage things slip stick
right well you see they didn't really
think about the people like you they
were thinking about normal people always
to display bags look so cozy don't they
have to get on one just have a quick
sneaking in mind if you just had a quick
snooze while you wait
snooze while your wife stops hmm
what about our fun one you not
appreciate the fun one no hate that one
so much are we used now on at the moment
I think we are oh no the next time
around it's back to the crazy one
so ones for newborn and once or zero to
trade to get idea yeah yeah I gotta keep
going mean is no walking out no stealing
no stealing you have a lot of shoes me I
would need only one one half of them one
would last my life easy fine yeah I
throw it in hey hey hey would you stop
trying to take that off
hmm I gotta go grinder on started with
your laps
there we go
and we're back in we're quiet
no we stopped again whoa so dofus is
building the swing I'm Sarah
having the berries and amelia is
interacting with her toys it's so cool I
actually held up the lamb and I was like
hey Mina she locked eyes on it she
focused on it and then I was like
swinging it in front of her he'll be
swinging it in front of her and she
smiled I was like hi Mila I think you're
gonna like all your new boyfriend's yes
it seems like every I'll be that's no
that's not yours it's not your toy okay
you send me pen inks the puppies are
about it from this room for a while
because I mean you guys on the floor and
they're just a little bit too crazy so
they're waiting outside dofus is trying
to figure out the mo kio but it doesn't
seem to work that only goes this way I
took the whole thing apart again maybe
it is supposed to protect the
instructions it doesn't seem right that
the thing would be sitting that way
uh-huh but maybe it's like that for a
reason look at I would be getting
confident before he was afraid of Amina
now he's all curious recent media Chris
Amelia's toys
where's meeting his toys lb lb what's
that oh my god what did you do it yeah
you just turn it well that's what I took
the entire thing apart but I thought you
tried turning it
turning as I'm afraid of breaking it we
won't be quitting apart rebuild a toys
oh my god oh my goodness okay very
elegant and all that you got here right
the journey just coming this is nice we
put her in Oh put her little thingies on
mm-hmm oh it's funny I saw you guys in
the comments were going on and on about
you staying in a car call this
five-point system or something to have
an America parenting this thing comes
with a five-point system thing funny I
know it's not a card I know I saw that
thing I was like thing I'll tell you
hook it and yeah what can L be there's a
choice going on you're having research
was going no no yeah say doggy
oh she likes this one she yeah no I mean
because it's on her one of her toys
oh it just changed I love it okay come
on put these guys in oh okay I'll be
very involved in this
Oh Christmastime giant top one
okay are we ready yeah
now there's spare parts but I'm sure
they're not important I think they're
the feet no these are the pizzas do you
guys like her don't you get rug burn
don't look I'll be such a good boy is it
a good big brother
huh look Christine Daae going she going
in there sweet look there's me yeah I'll
be I'll do isn't gonna look Oh where's
Nene oh you're silly
you can actually have Oh spitting up
spitting up
okay okay
oh yeah on level one boring - boring
three oh you like that one huh yeah I
don't
it's magic he's watching her shot her
four okay poor oh my that geysers of the
six good girl would have good advice
yeah it's a little bit crazy ya know
what yeah you don't want to get seasick
oh oh
it's like Wonderland you know and you're
on the music's playing
yeah okay let's go Mikey I'm sure she's
fine there now yep
so thank you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
