a parcel of poo apart Silla poo what you
like a parcel of poo
oh my goodness guys haha you might have
seen on em on Twitter if you were
following me on Twitter you wanted to
see what I was tweeting but am oh I see
some of the footage from today oh cool
yeah
then what did you do and then we and
then we did this and then we did this
it's a no Liam situation guys you know
in the situation so that's a sad time so
we did loads it cool something what did
we do right now we have four cats Chet I
was yummy I made so many funny jokes I
made a joke about Instagram oh my god
we're playing with the Barbie dolls and
then I had like an Ironman hat on whose
brilliant meteor swing which is that
here which luckily I haven't actually
opened it yet so that's what this video
is basically going to pertain to now
because I was saving this to maybe do
this tomorrow all in for a big long
walking the dogs well we lost two dogs
but a man and his two children ran after
two of the dogs been saved us oh my god
which actually walked in there you're
like every day for like a week or
something we've been so good like and
then so hard to know like obviously we
don't blog it all the time don't be like
it's just it is quite difficult let me
see if I could find a knife I can if I
cuz I was like I don't want to leave you
guys but no no Blodgett he's rancid
video we're in the Tesco I'm went to
Douglas we tried to go to amicus but it
was closed we got lost
we had a Barry's tea factory
who has Tony Keeley's we tried some
medicine to bribe buy one of these but
we didn't end up getting it we got this
one instead horses and Tomi's oh there
was lots of fun cars in Smith's the
result was fun cars were wrong we made
the jokes about the cars and the toys
that was probably the best blog day ever
that wasn't but I it's so annoying oh my
god could you imagine join the last time
that actually happened huh learning to
put some lights on in here I know we
don't like that light but the last time
it happened actually no one it happened
very rarely do I make mistake cause I
have a very strict process of how I get
the footage off onto the computer clean
it you know imported conformant edited
rendering process it compress it and
upload it I have a very very strict
process and how I do that to ensure
mistakes don't happen are you trying to
do Ali I am oh we're just so tired
lately
and I guess I don't know it's good
anyway it was when we used to live in
Middleton are you guys remember that I
tweeted I was like oh my god I've lost
it and I use that M because I buy the
really expensive memory cards the SDHC
cards you get this recovery software
winners probe Dulux recovery or
something like that and it worked really
really well and I managed to recover it
okay I can open this all right all right
we have to have a pit stop
oh I can't see anything it's all out of
focus focus focus so we had a pit stop
didn't we someone needs a quick change
quick change
dupa dupa dupa to gene you made some
cute faces today didn't you with you oh
no we did the song yeah focus hold on
okay I think that who is the life I saw
some people comment in a bag this is
this is not the new Tacoma hello this is
not the new camera graduate guys I
haven't actually used the new camera yet
the one I got because do
I usually do it is that I at all times
have about always have the main blood
camera Burmese now and then I always
have like a brand-new backup one just in
case because I do go through quite a lot
it is due to the fact that we film every
single day with them and they get
dropped or broken or whatever they break
and then that one was it's just that
because I want I was kind of curious
about the new one anyway so I haven't
actually even recorded anything with
that yeah I just saw some Polish people
were saying like a bet damn probably a
macro or something I left for them no no
it's like the you know the king - naked
King came with new clothes you know if
you tell someone something's new and
then sometimes you can actually see that
it looks better but em don't be fooled
by the footage that I've got okay this
is not working
108 oh why is that why is that what's
daddy doing I thought it's called
hedgerow or something even the comments
right what's the name of this job okay
and if you get it right I don't know
what you'll win
just see if you can get it right who is
this okay every day we pick up a dog and
see if you can guess give you either
post up on the front there's a post of
undersize throws up on the back okay
what is your name what is your name
all right back the operation that
happens
humming making perfection is that just a
random piece of plastic wow that's just
a random piece of plastic I think that's
the mobile I think it's cheap and dogs
gadgets it's one of the little toys not
for you guys it's a Christmas dream she
likes these now
you know don't be always says about the
instructions worried about it another
day she's gonna write no no no no no
okay with your little pinky on hmm yeah
snug as a bug in a rug
you need once then actually moved
themselves yeah Jaime Mia he's okay I
know you had a long day and it was
filmed but then dad lost the footage do
you need to be picked up
am I allowed to be relieved with my
filming duties so I can pick got this
far now look it's actually like somewhat
of a sort of a chair device no need to
figure out what to do with that somebody
spat up all over herself he's irate and
irate she is so alert recently all she
wants to do is look up okay now she's
fussy but seriously she was just sitting
here for ages and she was just looking
up all around her that's why Felix I
know I will feed you now in a second
stop fussing like a little fun spot huh
look what you did to yourself
she had a big one she ripped it off some
hell I don't even know how she did that
but she took it off not even one one so
we one month on Thursday yes what
happened to smiley happy I mean yeah I'm
gonna have to tell them all like that
happened and they won't believe me
oh no yours okay a new computer but I
swear like five minutes ago she was
happy and smiling and looking around and
now she's just being funny because I
switched on the camera to show you guys
plus do you like her outfit
it says little cupcake dad dressed her
today and look even matched the the vest
oh I know I'll feed you now okay okay
okay okay no no okay the bin is full
again this is what it's pen this is like
a behind-the-scenes blog this is all the
stuff that wasn't going to be blog today
cuz I had done a we I cap I had like 30
something minutes of footage so I was
like that's it we're done for today
turn it up put
to put in for some overtime I am alright
hey parcel apoo a part of Silla poo what
you like a parcel of poo leave me
comments below and on them I'll ship you
guys some parcels of pool if you want
them
oh god just puzzles the pee as well hmm
see sometimes we actually do things that
you guys never see so this is a sneaky
behind-the-scenes vlog alright guys so
actually these are all actors you know
this is a this is Marcus hi my name is
Marcus and there's Penelope has a
infinitely peep that's a Shona hey Shona
is Frederick hi Fredrik Oh your agent
said he wants to give you a call later
on for some PR stuff I don't know
hopefully something to go she ate some
rates and oh yeah I gave up him - yeah
that was fun and I totally gave up
because he was way too complicated now
got loads of chores to do you guys want
to come in this week Detroit me bring it
to his Niki chocolate did you get your
coat get your coat and cheese you might
need a flashlight
somebody spat up all over her outfit and
all over mommy's outfit - which I don't
know where it is right now but she did
spit up over me so we're going to change
into our gym jams before we go and you
better not rip up off your bib this time
cuz I don't know how you did that
your little trickster huh so I think for
tonight we're gonna go all in blue so
we're gonna do this make a wish blue
baby grow and we might give her a blue
bib as well so you're gonna be a little
boy for tonight okay you little baby boy
no you're another girl okay that's
getting toward jimJam wowzers
look at that the zero to three is
fitting you like a glove
I mean look her little toes are right
here that's amazing you've gotten so big
give it to you I can't believe the
newborn stuff has small it looks right
now it's weird and once upon a time that
was huge on her
the newborn stuff anyway so let's open
this up let's check out your bid sees
and see what we could do mmm there's a
few blue ones here actually maybe we'll
do one of those or you know what we have
this one which I quite like
Best Buddies doesn't ring you much but
it's okay it's just for nighttime plus
we'll take this off if we go to bed okay
there you go finished that's not as much
traffic here on you when you're on a
midnight adventure we just drive to
darkness
do you guys miss it all right let's go
now I'm where I said Shh
you know I'm supposed to be here okay
look at this that's really cool isn't it
it's like running a runway
oh it's over this big secret project was
that we were working on the big reveal
this week okay you ready
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
this video because there would be hahaha
so cute
