more books used to be a thing of fun
excitement all the globe's
now it's like shooting sources
take it the bin bag take it the poopies
look at this thing every day she's a
monster with the nappies every day she
goes she saw many oh my goodness
all right there should be some sort of a
device where like teleports them or
something into a different universe make
a nice little pile and begin one at a
time little parcels at least our little
parcels because they're not that bad
they're nice and clean and stuff for
them it's a painstaking job domain
taking process alright sit my cycle oh
my god it's so heavy
holy crap literally crap holy crap dear
my little bear friend you're going a bad
aren't we oh that's nice
you four there all right Ted everyday
Ted your problems attend right when are
we ever going to use this thing that's
the top and tail thing so when you don't
want to give her a full bath you just
let her know she you just use it to like
top and tail her like a bean oh I
thought he's like no you just get rid of
it bonds with a chip in it you don't put
her in there now we're starting to make
them go up don't be can you just um can
you just put my boob away oh thank you
so last night I had a remember out of an
incident I'm just going to tell them
that last week I was gonna say I
remember wearing boobs used to be a
thing of fun excitement all the boobs
now it's like a food insourcing yeah I
know because it's a whole Pop's got some
rest much this morning goodbye my wife
died and I was leaking and they were
just like there's drips coming from
later different areas no every time is
drips big like lick it up from the floor
anyway my little girl is having a brain
cancer there she is straight happy but
she just had a big piece there she's
gonna take a class but um last night I
think they were a stitch there would be
four but probably enough I really
thought that I had like study some
damaged and that hurt I found at the day
when we were coming home from the
hospital and thought was bad and it had
healed up like I felt almost normal and
there again and the so they're happy
with that and then just last night they
were I think I reckon stitch because I
started bleeding it was like you know it
was like fresh blood like a cop um and
it was really sore and then I went to
bed I like put lots of witch hazel on a
pad and just like because that's what
everybody is saying to do including all
the midwives they said that then that
really helps with it like stinging I
took a shower and then I wait to bed and
this morning it doesn't hurt anymore it
doesn't feel 100% but was introduced in
100% yet anyway it was just like my
childhood filled a lot so maybe that did
it some good I don't really know what
happened so it's gonna go to the doctor
safe and hadn't improved and if it does
bleed again today I will go in but it
was so horrible and it's so embarrassing
as well because it's like damn they're
you know telling you a bit of superglue
some toast fix the problem right up
toast pilots my old friend head okay
I've Ted it's Jackie feel bad now
because she's fast asleep when okay
thank you :
no no that's fine
that's two a queue comes up comes up
from Ted okay Yogi's I feel bad now
because she's asleep already
it's gonna get a wake-up call well she
likes math so it's a good thing to get a
pink one today pink one you gotta pee
again
hmm oh-ho mom wouldn't it be not be done
I want to see the dance was the grand
finale projectile spit up oh do me the
dance
ready five six five six seven it was a
strong little baby cuddly Nia Alenia
Melia who's a strong little baby because
Emilia Emilia I think she likes it she
does like it yeah Emilia you can't see
her pretty oh no kitty hi then no
TP I think you just want a lumps she by
this one's num nums I want num num still
you can get one of those automatic
swinging chair things
that plays music you know but they're
stretchy music the white noise music
that's not any music I think we should
maybe we should just get one like I know
we keep buying everything so much stuff
is a farce but I was saying we needed a
second chair because I'm sick and tired
of like carrying the chair up and down
all night long story book or something
oh Christ
Bed Bath & Beyond what do you think I
think we should get their music low
rocky what it's official it's official
you're my daughter
see maybe we could do that when it gets
a bit longer you can do it in the bottle
hug it's a teeny tiny one you did it who
is it strongly to be because Amelia yeah
like on board oh oh so horrible I'm so
cold and hungry and tired
oh yeah better snow this year all right
you know that winter that we had last
year that never went away and that was
almost winter again and you didn't even
snow for my last year we had this whole
snow for joe first thing you guys
remember that didn't happen all right
this is Amelia's first winter I want
Christmas trees I want to put her in a
big snow suit wanted to make those snow
angels in the ground
she's probably way too young to do that
but Jeremy like I want to want her to
think like winters cool that's but like
winter is just like cold summer dad like
I'm sorry about that I'm really sorry
about that I can can't get out of here
I can't I can will somebody let me out
we appreciate if somebody is willing
have had the willingness in their heart
to let me out what about this guy
everybody look at him but looking on a
sad puppy face nope oh that man another
s'en is no heart I'm just gonna go what
do I just go and pray though hi you have
enough fun time she just napped for ages
she probably needs to feed soon but oh
it's just one of those days where like
it's so rainy inside like it's actually
so wet it's just like pouring down and
we're gonna walk the dogs but there's
actually no way in hell that we can walk
them like this like because we have to
go with the carrier you know with and if
it weren't for a media well actually
even if I mean I weren't here I would
not believe it like this it's just for
me no thanks um tuna salad there's
I'm one of them
lettuce onions tomatoes cucumbers
yep
the hot chicken had plane one
no thanks to some sweet chili
mix peppers
I don't
and mozzarella and the chicken
as you can tell I still haven't emptied
that co-sleeper which is just like
become a dumping ground for clothes and
I haven't made the bed and I did
actually
Monica cuz I had full intentions of I
actually tried to film yesterday I
filmed my Watson my changing bag video
and I went to because I have to use the
big camera when I'm doing that I went to
check the footage afterwards and it
turned out it wasn't recording like that
entire time it didn't record it stopped
halfway through I think um so that was
so annoying and I was just so fed up
that I just I just didn't want to do it
again um so today I was gonna film but
you know it's just like the weather's
crap everything's just like we just feel
so lazy we just feel like I feel like
not doing anything so I just put on all
my makeup wash my hair which took about
five hours and all not for nothing
somebody wouldn't filming I might try
and film it later it's just annoying
because the natural light was kind of
what I rely on so I can't really wait
that long
we've been doing this so much they made
coming here all the time like it's so
easy underneath a part about coming here
reborn I realized how easy and tasty it
is
Sojo fists were starving to death so
jovis is gonna go and get some wraps I
think oh and I probably look like a
ghost sorry if I do what I don't know
any lipstick on but um
yeah I think he's gonna get rapped cuz
we're starving there's like hardly any
well there is food in the house but it's
like all food that you have to cook I
neither of us feel like cooking of
course so he's gonna go to the shop to
get some lunch and probably coffee
because I'm so tired we're both so tired
I don't know last night I didn't get
that much sleep um people were asking me
I shave it I mean he has sleeping
patterns too like sleeping habits on
like how she isn't sleeping generally
she's a super good sleeper like she will
sleep for six hours straight she's
amazing I cannot complain about her
sleeping and it's so easy for me then as
well she'll wake up like maybe twice at
the most um in the night and she hardly
ever needs a change like she just need
she wants to feed and then go back to
sleep
so she's a really good sleeper but last
night for some reason it was just to do
with me it wasn't her fault I just I
couldn't sleep I kept waking up and just
like not being able to go back to sleep
so that's probably contributing to the
fact that I'm really really super tired
ah
get you then forget you Ana
oh so got collection of snacks snacks
and supplies route open oh here are my
two favorite convertible but super duper
happy to do why don't we kiss is gonna
be guys trust me you want to tune in
every day this week
you wanna tune in every day no matter
what but this week I got
I don't know what day it's gonna be or
do i ah
am i known to toy would you like that I
believe I am I believe I am oh it's
gonna be fun times pothole oh that's
okay mr. puddle
yeah sighting times this week oh
goodness it's been a long time coming
long long and winding road oh my
goodness I thought it's gonna lose all
the coffee Sam in a long time come Oh
frack ah Tech frankic Freaky Friday
all right let's get home and let's get
back to bed and let's write this day off
or call it a and no day
goodbye day Oh can't believe that Jim
Rose cannot I bet this song and like a
million of you guys were telling me um
my blurry none of you guys are telling
me the name in a song and so I happily
it's actually from a fellow youtuber
there's so cool I heard that on a cork
radio station here in Ireland and it's
actually from an american youtuber it's
a club of loads of em loads of em you
choose pretty part of DM you know the
music community and stuff that is so
cool
I'm like so like that's a guarantee for
me to use nice job
such a good sound
should I complete that was section or
youtuber that's so deadly
yay for youtubers yay for you guys all
of you think anyone's channels great I'm
here for next year's very funny on
walkies yeah that looks good walkies I
love your mittens it's amazing
your mom made those oh I made by Omaha
or grandma yeah no just drop it into
that I put her in and show it off the
hash hoedown
I didn't should put that on yeah okay
okay well we did we went to sleep for a
for a little while there yeah so we're
trying to make this day so not yeah so
more productive and not a complete
nothing day but we didn't get much oh my
god oh my god you sure yeah she clashes
again does she
yeah because the thing is right and
she's only pink it oh he's he's so cute
she's fussing a little bit a little sad
you don't like the application no she
doesn't
okay I'm gonna get ready so we can go go
in the van come on I know like how dark
it is it's so dark is on you like half
six or something isn't it hmm you comfy
in there yeah
can you see you just go asleep you go
asleep your dad mobile dad-e dad-e dad-e
dad-e dad-e dad-e dad-e dad-e Tecmo beer
dad no beer it up what do you drive oh I
Drive a dad mobile it's pretty cool it's
gets a high-rise what's going on here
you guys simply peace given poopies okay
you know peepees
let's go let's go it's gonna be
Halloween soon no Halloween when we
dress up as a Halloween guys do you
remember when we dressed I'll be in seen
up coming so much fun is your dressing
everybody up
I'll see ya Amelia won't really
appreciate dressing up can't wait she's
a little older and I get to make her
Halloween costumes that's like the best
part okay just Abbie's obviously got a
business me appointment how he's
finished please finish this meeting
let's go cuz he's Hey yeah I love leave
mud here my Navi let's go
like how dark it is right
well
come on Amelia hasty okay yeah that's
I'm sick of my head she gets out come on
good night let's catch it for Mom
ah the open land let's head out into the
open land ah would you look at that now
it's the openness there's the tree the
tree of life looks like one of those
trees like in a movie you'll be like
check the Tree of Life after that looks
like the Tree of Life
it's very quiet right now isn't this
isn't a bad time everyone's just home
darling half 6:00
everyone's at home watching the blogs
yeah ROVs Oh
city lights oh I know that little view
over there is like see if you can see a
nice city lights landscape like
landscape and whereas the kid give where
you guys live a Dublin when you head up
like Blessington on the way down from
Blessington you can actually see like
all the trees were gone you see the
entire scale of Dublin and remember X is
my additively Blessington um widows come
home quite late at night and you see
like the whole sprawling city all lit up
you see now I was like wow
Dublin's huge Oh which is having a combo
conversation I know but then you go and
living like we've lived in like Munich
and London something like a huge city
like a Dublin look like tiny and course
Kirk is not really that big it's going
on here whoa tangle alert tanks alert
they're obsessed
he's me ma'am hey mommy unless you want
it to feel no no we have a system it
works that's not that's not no we have a
system that works we tried all that
before and it never worked it doesn't
matter this isn't work this is the best
it ever worked why would you tinkle it
no because this this works boys club
boys night out what what but this is
this has never worked more successfully
than it has this way like if you clipped
her on the scene or sometimes she'll
just to do the same thing she won't keep
up with us no she has to just learn
that's it it's the best way let's look
over here
let them off I don't know we have a we
had a process of training Alvey and Cena
off the lead so I don't know over here
is the right place you keep her there
from Aaron's when I walk over here look
this me sleep you're in my way get on my
weight peckers oh oh are you trying to
check me up see this works we see the
bright lights and the big city huh not
really you can kind of see it a little
bit is that um as impressive as I
thought it was going to be but that's a
that's Cork City folks
Oh access the bush
okay we're going now let's go hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
