Oh
so that was very easy and they still
upstairs asleep in the beach well today
I'm going to make a new intro now I
don't know it probably wasn't honest
maybe it was our last video I don't
think it was on this video come on if so
uncivilized that day I'll be a pop it's
gonna take I kind of wanted to get it
done but it's finding the time to do it
you know so difficult because it's gonna
need about eight hours or nine hours or
10 hours even because I really liked the
last into America and body reaches I've
made I like the concept set up the last
for the sort of our heads kind of nobody
except the most fun right that's it
that's it
you you you hey hey break it up break it
up come on
yeah yeah Bianca okay there's no need to
bark up there you up there right you've
established the problem it's you Nevaeh
hmm hmm look at that taking a video and
it seems to get very calm very quickly
yeah don't take my heart you you come
here let's go jiminy crickets
yeah so I gotta create all the assets
that are bring you into Photoshop then I
gotta cook them all out then I got to
create the animatic then I got apply
them to the animatic then I got it well
I create the animation in After Effects
so on this day I gotta open up
compositions and create out compositions
and work individual composition with the
assets and TV cameras and then put them
all together render that out of the
music boom that's gonna take a while so
I gotta get the blog's done Emelia so it
will come soon
oh my god hello mr. fly how are you
doing today mr. thigh would you like to
play a game mr. fly
Oh mr. fan
it's not a spider folks it's okay Tony a
little fly okay okay mr. fly I gotta go
now
let me what bye now mmm very tasty
coffee then Castro not ready but fun Joe
feel huh the show is now sponsored by
Kosta sponsor who's mr. cabassa come
outside
alright let's plot this in here get this
now no more problems
yeah fills in nicely tucked in there
where Nagar
oh yeah yep that's the stuff that's the
stuff of legend
haha there we have it a nice tasty
coffee brew at home yummy I'm so much
easy to pop back oh it's just ink stuff
it in there but that's okay I could have
got a small cup but this is a regular
one I didn't get a large one because the
large one wasn't gonna fit
we're having a lazy Sunday aren't we
Elaine I've done loads of work on the
intial guys I cleared most of the acids
that's enough for today
isn't it don't you think no big stretch
big stretch big stretch in a big bed
such a little Bambino Thanks
and she's so cute thank you so cute huh
yes you just leave you asleep all a good
idea or a bad idea
can we leave me asleep all day cuz I
mean you'll wake up try with lots of
energy and keep us awake on it hmm you
love her
they've commented you love Emilia thumbs
up who slept all morning
who did was he you was it you
he's got a bit of a milk mouth she slept
all morning
she napped since she woke up this
morning and had her morning feed and
then she took a long nap and she let me
do everything that I wanted to do this
morning I clean the kitchen I got things
ready I made a little to-do list of
things that I wanted to do today and I
actually did laundry and got stuff done
so that was amazing so thank you so much
Amelia you're so nice to your mommy and
Albie is so cute he like he's such a
good big brother because he loves to
mind
her when she's like he'll stay in the
room that she's in and don't worry we
aren't careful we do supervise like
obviously he's never left alone with her
completely but he'll like sit at our
lieth the foot of the bed or just kind
of guard her you know it's so cute and
he never really gets close to her like
he's still a little bit afraid of her
scene on the other hand just like
whatever like she loves her but um I'll
be loves her too is just it's different
he's kind of wary of her but then at the
same time you can tell he really wants
to protect her so we're gonna do a
little not be changing it look at these
PJs they're so cute they're way too big
for her but they're zero to three so
they just about I mean they fit but
they're just big so she looks like a
home dog when she well I think she looks
like a home dog when she's wearing them
look where's your foot why did you do
what where do the booty you know you're
so cute
okay so we're gonna change her now yes
you you're making little smiley faces
I'm gonna change her now and then we're
gonna feed her and then hopefully she
might sleep for a little bit longer and
I can take my shower and get ready for
the day Amelia's outfit of the day do
you want to do your outfit of the day
this is a really cute one Z or baby girl
from I think this is from Carter's I
think this is like the first Carter's
thing that we got from a subscriber and
I think it was that family that sent it
I think they're Canadian I'm sorry if I
got that wrong but it's really cute it's
got little butterflies on it and little
flowers and then it's got a matching
baby and it says cutie has a matching
vest as well but we're not wearing the
best today we're wearing a vest that
says daddy's favorite so she looks super
cute and it actually almost fits her
perfect you're a growing girl we have
some num nums now
Oh
sometimes I can't appeal and let's go
get some lunch I'm gonna check to see if
I'm this little deli counter I know it's
a Sunday so I'm like I don't know it
just leaves everywhere it's so yeah
let's get some tuna wraps Turner wraps I
don't want to interrupt but um I want to
check oh yeah breaded chicken sweet
chili sauce some peppers mozzarella do
it do it know what song is this yo you
guys are like my own personal song
identifying thing you know you can get
that app song no no I'm thinking of
songify you isn't that from yeah what
was that noise um so uh yeah hooked up
some tasty tasty tasty sons got the hot
chicken oh they got some newborn nappies
because um what I try and do is that
they come in like two halves
once one half runs out then I refill
them therefore were never without them
because I suppose if you wait till like
it's like oh I'll just waiting they're
all gone you know what's gonna happen
you can't run added them so I always
like have like a minimum of 20 nappies
always and 20 nappies is like it's like
the empty sign so lends me a 20 refill
it's my trick that way we run a piece
because oh my goodness I have a fear one
of these days that bees not know and
you'd be like using like tissue paper
fishing tackle some leaves and tree
trunks to try and make it work
you looking after things you know are
you chewing on that call her see see
nice I said do you look after her see me
is she gonna be in your video no yeah
well you know you got it you gotta
prioritize you know take a look after
your baby or take things out of the bike
and clearly taking things out of the
bike is obviously more important to you
than looking after your firstborn
daughter and you don't know where the
car seat is that whole first part was
cut off you like her outfit and as an
idiot your mom is an idiot how does it
feel like to have a mom as an idiot yeah
exactly
I keep thinking that's like you know I
keep thinking that is I keep thinking
it's the fish paste from the market oh I
know it the roll of duct tape but I just
for some reason that reminds me of then
Tobin fish Oh in there right now I know
it's ridiculous so we're going to my
mom's house for dinner because she
invited us and because it's Sunday we
hunt her her house last Sunday do you
know that Joe for Joe I know mate it's
what we do on Sundays yeah
go go dance even more shadow it out and
get yourself some pork pies and some
beans a soup you feel like Ricky all
right my name's Ricky Rick doesn't Amy
yeah hey that doesn't sound like him
anymore
Oh Jonathan was who you talkin to some
English Browns you were like she said
it's like Sammy Oh from Beauty crushed
I'm like no she doesn't just a second
English person I can't my brain you were
talking on the phone to somebody now if
it was like it sounds like Beauty crush
doesn't she sound like Beauty crash it's
like well she's an English accent that's
probably the only thing sense like I
don't sound like her voice isn't the
thing but yeah we lived in England we
should know better
why am I putting my slippers on I'm
stupid anyways so Oh burping claw just
when I was looking for floor oh and my
changing bag which I need as well
where are my shoes you guys won't be
able to see in here mm-hmm let's check
in this dark get something like oh there
there these ones look back of product I
need to test it oh nothing in my life I
mean I have done nothing um so far since
Amelia's come along um all my product
reviews and stuff or just Oh at the
window I just haven't done anything I'm
so disorganized okay I'm coming I just
need to bring my bag of tricks I feel
like I have to pack a whole house now on
my uncle called me today and he was like
he was like I know takes too long now
you know to get at the door and I was
like I know takes forever he's like yeah
you could
you always have to plan like five hours
ahead of what you're gonna do and stuff
and I was like exactly so obviously I
mean he's had two kids of his own so he
knew exactly what I meant he was like I
know I know you always have to like be
prepared but there's gonna be some kind
of delay
and that's always the way it is with
kids or especially babies so I always
just feel like I'm packing up our entire
house or something every time I go out
cuz I need like not these and I need
burping cloths and can you guys see me
oh hey guys
oh and if you're wondering did you ever
explain the ironing point here let me at
first did you ever sign this oh well
basically it's to keep the puppies away
from VM from juvie start right totally
that everyone thoughts by daven my life
he talks about an accident
you're the recognizing this hi thank you
fellas
she's life normally I think I joke this
T Joe versus accent oh my god it's
storming hey hey oh I'm ready if you
were gonna put this over you though as a
protective system we're gonna close this
we're gonna run Oh God oh yeah is that
rhubarb crumble
good night it good to go I think this is
it what we were seeing my direct
mortadella from Bologna they don't feed
me at home I'll be honest she's a
sometimes I eat rescue boats I know you
told me it's gorgeous I mean it wasn't
like it more for me okay yum yum was I
saying I know it's a poor young potato
is a meat okay that's odd oh yeah you
know Bianca are the ones that condensed
when did it when you think what do you
think about trying to eat that these
boobies but he's got no substance in his
boobies you can try won't work out very
well
sometimes she does like clamp on no
right she does she just got and then she
said on me that was young I need
the skin no
skinless do you have a tootsie fruitsie
that
makes you dance we got to where are the
pictures of Amelia yeah oh cool look we
got rid of the baby
Thanks that's why we come here we come
here
yeah the baby I shot these oh my god
should have seemed like you and that one
Hey oh my god shoots me like me in this
one like me in this who took these
pictures ah yeah yeah I did the right
thing to know you as a baby you smiley
smile she's looking seriously nice up
with my hair can you even see my hair I
don't even know what I'm showing you I
marry you guys can see just perfectly
fine this way hard okay this the spider
doesn't hear my last weekend I was in
here
Jane spider came out and eat me up
come out come out wherever you are
laughter - handbags on the chair
really learning recovering shooter Molly
the Frog oh it's over
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's -
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
