Oh
oh hello Mila
my name is Oh Frankie and Watchi hi can
we be friends talk might be friends I'll
give you a little poem in your paper
appreciate it
okay you know trying to eat me real
fucking riddles fungus my nose
oh my gosh eternally good run
you tried niggas nose sweet you are like
a farting machine is that your pocket up
in life and then money cheese in clothes
oh look you look like dr. evil
did a doctor evil look put your finger
but you didn't think I know
1 billion dollars so cute yep a little
pink socks Anna's are whoa we're trying
to our best um the Popo cause you didn't
happen yesterday Sarah yes there was
like a crazy day but didn't happiness a
so out we're gonna try and get to the
Popo at today but in Saturday's day
clothes like I think like two o'clock
it's now 12 o'clock we're going to try
our best to get there aren't we are we
gonna make it how many hmm
okay not so good start not so good start
huh just dressed you and you went and
did all your oh my name is don't mess
with me I'll do my peepees right on you
don't mess with me
my name is Amelia I'm here to stay so
you better get out of my way
yeah it's my favorite songs which now
because of the bajillion comments you
guys left I know who it is so good hey I
know it's like the choirs of that love
the choir everyone in a comments you
like the choir oh my god which is sort
of a choir so wrong and it is in the
choir haha are you know where you know
you've just broken up with somebody and
you're sitting in your room you know
that the first thing you kind of go home
you know and you're sitting in your
bedroom and you have like a picture of
our stuff like that and you're just
sitting there crying your eyes out and
you're for torturing yourself by playing
the most saddest song you can take up
this song she does imagine Senor him
like why did you do it myself in love
holy crap traffic you can actually see
that goes all the way up and over the
bridge I know oh what's the road right
it seems like every single road in Cork
is being roadwork two-digit however you
say that it does like I don't know one
way or Aquinas happening right now maybe
she goes it's like the end of the fiscal
year and then in order to get their
budgets next year they need to spend all
their money or something like that I
don't know but it's kind of odd that
like every road seems to be having
rubber clad out
maybe I should circus robots we got some
really nice cards and notes and letters
and things from the PIO box
so first thing we got which I have to
show you guys is this portrait of Amelia
how amazing is that
so like it looks like a photograph it's
so cool and this is from Samantha Mason
I think her name is yeah Samantha Mason
she has a Facebook group which does
portraits seriously you guys should
check her out if you want to get a
portrait done because this is amazing I
want to frame this and she just did that
based on around and Instagram probably
yeah yeah you can do it over the
internet with her problems yeah share
the Facebook group called facebook.com
for its slash Sam Mason art so si m and
then Mason art so check her out cuz this
is so amazing seriously like look so
it's exactly like her shading the
shadowing ever yeah the wish I could
draw like that and then oh my god we got
I know we don't we say that we don't
usually show like gifts and stuff from
subscribers but this isn't from a
subscriber or um anybody like that it's
from our wedding planner which was such
a surprise because her name is actually
Amelia and she we kind of we didn't
really name her after I would kind of
did cuz we like the name like when she
was planning our wedding and I remember
I used to always email her and I'd be
like dear Amelia or like hey Amelia or
hi a meeting at you know every all the
emails start like that and I just loved
the name and then also like my sister's
name is Emma so that's a good point
anyways we're always saying that we have
another child always and like
cuz the other good it was immediate
repair otherwise I think there was two
wedding planners at Amelia and Rafael
but anyways um so I always really liked
the name anyway but she sent us a bib
and it says Amelia on it and it's from
Sorrento it's so cute you guys probably
can't seeks the Sun can you crack my
window Thanks
staying here um so it's so cute it's got
a little funny on it and she sent a card
as well
an Italian card
this is our first Italian part that we
got so thanks so much you mean after
watching I don't know if she watches our
videos or not I don't know but um and
then we got this card okay you guys
can't see anything because of the Sun
yeah um this card from Sarita Chiquita
she is a youtube channel and she sent me
some jewelry before her name is Sarah
and her YouTube channel is Sarita
Chiquita and she is expecting a baby boy
Jackson in November
actually his due date is my brother's
birthday so I thought that was cool so
thank you so much for that and then we
got a card this is so funny this is a
Riku actually cupcake oh it's a
hummingbird bakery Oh has a recipe on
the back this is from my sister's friend
Darrin and I don't know if you guys
remember but she sent my mom a
congratulations card it was like keep
calm and keep nope
Keep Calm and cuddle on or something
like that it was so cute and um so I
showed it I showed it in a vlog and then
I was like where's my card Darrin so she
actually sent me a card so thank you so
much doing for this card it's really
cute actually I think I might try that
recipe if I have time um and then we got
this one from Whitney from Arkansas
which is not the same as I thought I was
like Kansas or Arkansas there seems I
don't think the same as Kansas I missing
- Kansas and Arkansas and anybody that
Kansas
I don't know sorry but yeah I never
heard of it
she's 22 and she watched that video and
then um we got all this one's so cool
look it's got all the pictures it has
like the positive pregnancy test the
first ultrasound all the pictures of the
eviction notice and all these pictures
of Amelia and this is from wolf this is
from SLO blogger her name is Victoria
but her blonde
is the IPX oh you guys should check her
out because she has a really cool
fashion blog and I actually love her
blogs oh you know and then let me see I
don't want to leave anybody out oh we
got oh we got a card it's so cool from
pause you know pause the animal shelter
yeah the dog shelter animal shelter but
look how cool it is
it's like handmade I think and it's from
the gray hens protection gray hair
protection but I think it's hen look at
the envelope as well
it's so cute and they said welcome baby
Amelia so that was really lovely and
they sent a calendar as well so you guys
should check out paws calendars but
again Cena yeah Albion scene are
actually in the 2012 one but um thank
you so much for everybody to everybody
who sent cards and we appreciate them so
much thank you
we decided to come here again all the
way at the little island after lunch and
we're actually somewhere kind of on time
just escape so she stays asleep
Oh yo I'm definitely getting there I
know everyone there
oh it's over there yeah another
different flavor
it's probably like hypervisor one so
that's why they have that one
what's that an eggs on a chair in
college
just look like they're coals yeah I can
heat it up
shaking a rose pepper Oh yo what out
stash
giant jammie Dodgers giant custard plays
Thank You Supremes giant Bourbons and
research the giant record that's really
good
I'll take them all yum-yum
right now I don't know if you can hear
it remember Craig David their pain hey
David uh over race or whatever it is
like I just had it as I go oh my god
what is this like the 90s or something
when we see one with that out I was like
I already chasm right
God camera I got home I just crazy
haha kinda like disappear one day YUM I
love this a little bit still asleep but
I enjoyed my feet and my coffee now a
media is having her feet but what's it
like to give and like I like gold
yeah that's the store firelight I like
open on comes by the window sketch no
you can't you can't those tops are
amazing because you're not just yeah see
when you sit like that no one really
notices but if you had like a big canopy
on it just adds that way too much you
know I Seneca mention but I wrote like
you can have a tent with you
snick in the corner like just like
putting up the shoot big tent you know
it's like a process but it's just so
discreet like wouldn't even know that it
looks like she's just like sitting on
you know I know she on clams and then
you starts working and where you can
just turn to sweep refill that for me
so hey look those words that words or is
it look or while you're there don't
forget to buy the costume OH - your
coffee cup it's like oh yeah the benefit
that I'm gonna go up and inquire oh look
I got the look
block them I got to I got two regulars
so I figured I'm probably enough like I
was trying inside like a small one or
regular but then I was like well I'll
just get a regular and then I can read
half there that's what I want but am
thanks a lot for suggesting that I mean
I was like just like our cups it's like
yeah I can't you sleep ups that was cool
I never gonna shopping in constable for
herpes is she she did she get any burps
out
she always has a box
quite a beautiful hey isn't it
you should totally go home and get all
the get our are compiled there you ready
for walkies at that mm-hmm hoping she'll
sleep the whole way yeah beautiful it's
big
I love that sound bye you two beautiful
day good one he's neither done we just
leave you there hi
if they do dick do favor hi
I rejected the straps on this as well
because I noticed she was slouching a
lot more so I've made it a lot tighter
so now she kind of sits right up I don't
even know if you can see her but she
sits right up well that's a big dog
that's one big dog is what's better one
big dog or six little dogs come on come
on come on Cena's not so good into
shortly I'll be addressed cloudy he
doesn't mind so much with Cena Cena
likes to run free I'm feeling the wind
oh my goodness a couple mushrooms when I
keep the dogs away from it though look
at the size I'm like huge like giant
mushrooms I'm glad there's lows around
here without the mushrooms around here
maybe keep them away never know what
they'd be doing to be all tripping let's
hope we doing getting in the shade
you're from tangling
Hey
Oh is there like a we from the dog poop
are we doing in here huh I'm just
sucking on our hands
my haired hands were tasty hands hands
uma shit she's a lazy lump don't be
tangling Sini's careful how we doing in
here yeah that's a bit over your head oh
crap I want you to have a cold head it's
actually really really nice really nice
day I think it's not too hot it's not
too cold as a cool breeze but there's no
tight squeeze and you've got this
shivering
maybe should do something with that area
there make a nice more of a park area
here come on love this fake grass Fras
lots of fake grasses Fras I really like
your frost as everyone probably comes up
here with the doggies isn't such a
Sunday team today one he said to
Saturday which was like oh my brother
was saying right my brother went out he
spent a thousand euros on a cycling bike
and he was like oh but the servicing is
free and stuff and I was like did the
service a cycling bike but and it's a
mountain biking human if you his mates
have got it like any nursing or gonna
its Phoenix Park in a few places no and
I was like I was like so jealous that we
don't live back in Dublin like oh man
I'd love to do that I wish I had like
some friends out here in Cork that I
could do that with it's gonna be so much
fun like taking a management bike you
know and just like heading off up the
mountains on a bike on a mountain bike
can be so much fun I was like yeah cuz
you get your workout plus you get to go
in a little adventure
house thinking reveal there maybe I'll
get into cycling I know it's a stupid
time to start cuz it's like almost
winter time but I even comment if you
guys are indulge in that kind of a thing
you know to see other people doing it
all the time on YouTube I'm like so
jealous
although in America do you've got em
we've got the weather on your side we
don't really have the
right here come on let's go
you can actually see Tesco from up here
that's Tesco they're the green roof and
left there you see our red bridge I know
if you guys can see in the video but
then there's the red bridge to window we
always jump on that scares Alvey and the
old walk a few from up here she's fast
asleep I'm just like sitting here
everything I opened this up to let her
headed she's like oh just leave her on
the sleeper attached to me forever now
hmm until she wakes up now that her up
but it's not as comfortable while
sitting on a chair wearing this but uh
keeps the baby quiet
my name is piggy
I am a Wiggy I wish I had myself a
friend
my name is rabbit hi ha ha ha Bosh I
have a habit of being a friend to a
friend I am a Pete I am a rabbit wish I
had wished you had we thought be
together friends will you be my friend
will you be my friend girl I'd like to
be your friend
booty was a day that I did not say why
is my voice going astray we have as
friends don't be offended by the love
that we have for each other kiss kiss
kiss
oh you like a rabbit and a pig do like a
rabbit and a pig
do you like a rabbit down on the begin
yeah oh yeah
miss Amelia I mean you are Amelia yes
you are
hello my name is rabbit I'm a picot I'm
your Fafi and I'm your daddy
he's a rapper he's a pig ears and rabbit
he's a pig he's just a silly Billy - you
gonna punch that in the face oh don't
put your paw
topping me up don't beat up your dad oh
yeah
wait you beat me up why you beat me up
why you beat me up yeah well you got my
hair
it's my floopy do you have the macro
Philip do have the back of him do you
guys a microfilm that's all I want to
know
di do microphone because if you do not
have the microfilm let me tell you
what's going to happen to little condoms
little you don't
I love you do you know that you should
know that you feel cool so is mom and
Albie and Xena and Nevaeh
Bianca Oh Anu Verla love yo well we got
great use out of our co-sleeper not oh
ok so um yeah this has become a dumping
ground for clothing that or a laundry
that's being done but doesn't actually
fit a meaning anymore because all her
newborn stuff is too small for her now
so I figure out where the hell I'm gonna
put it because I can't really put it
back into her drawer or one door because
um there's not enough space for the
stuff that does fit her why is that um
and there we go um why is everything
taken out the joke is playing with your
Tony there's something and why does this
have spit up all over it this is a new
toy and it's got to spit up all over
Inge doesn't not even old enough to play
with boys anyways um as you can tell
we're running out of space so um yeah I
just need to get organized basically I
think we need to get one of those like
bins for just storage to put all her
newborn stuff in for the next time we
have a baby because obviously I'm not
throwing anything out because we plan to
have more kids or at least one more yeah
so um yeah but I can't like it can't
really take over her storage space
because there just isn't enough so yeah
and they still have to just put all this
stuff with what the hell is a glass of
box doing in there seriously um every
single weekend I make out a plan for
videos that I'm going to make that week
and every single week so far since I've
had Amelia I think I've made like one
video a week and I always have planned
to do at least
three if not four so um yeah so Amelia's
kind of she's like sleeping right now
she's um in her dad's study and I am
trying to get things done because you
know that's really important otherwise
everything will just fall apart if I
don't do everything now so I have a
little list I can show you guys on my
phone of things that I want to do um
show you guys because I found this
really cool app for like making lists
because I used to use just like the list
app which is fine I use that for other
stuff but this is like a to-do list hold
on let me show you guys so this is all
the laundry that I folded so far I don't
know why that's out of focus yeah I took
ages because all her little baby grows
need to be like buttoned up and stuff so
this is the list let me see here it's
called Astrid and isn't that cool see so
you just make like all these little
things then you can tick them off and
they come up as my tasks and then you
can have them like you can post to your
facebook if you want to but I don't
really want to do that because people
will just think I'm a weirdo if I'm
boasting like wash dishes vacuum
downstairs put away laundry you can even
do like like I did yesterday or a couple
of days ago I did like get dressed
shower these are things that I actually
don't have time to do anymore
so I actually have to like look pick up
dog toys in garden I don't know that
probably won't in focus there we go
pick up okay no it's not focusing
whatever because as you can probably
tell the garden is full of dog toys and
it looks like crap so okay this camera
is like not focusing at all anyways
oh yeah and Nevaeh or good Nevaeh got
her paws on this soother which sucks
because now obviously i'm not going to
give it back to amelia anymore Oh
anyways so I have like
stuff to do I said um I need to vacuum
again stairs cuz it's a mess
because the dogs just brought in and
tons of what is that sudden apple core
is this my apple core can I have that
please thanks a lot
I gave them my apple core but I threw it
outside in the garden for them so they
would eat it I didn't even eat it
anyways so yeah um who asked me to M
bins and all that stuff and then javis
is plant like this really really pissing
me off because I don't know if you guys
would be able to see but there's look
all that green fly it's disgusting
I literally wiped down this windowsill
every single day now and he got stuff
for the plant but it didn't really work
so yeah that kind of sucks um like to
kill the green fly or whatever I just
this is why I don't work well with
plants because it wouldn't make too much
of a mess and they attract insects and I
don't like it and yeah I just prefer
fake one sorry sorry mom because my mom
is really into plants and stuff but I'm
just like oh I know I just want to work
and I can never I always kill them and
like they just attract too many insights
but I don't like them so yeah um okay
I'm almost nuria angry with me when she
watches this vlog um so I better get
back to work before Amelia wakes up
again but I just wanted to update you
guys um I don't do nothing all day and
all some of you guys think that I sit on
my ass all day and do nothing I swear I
don't
um but yeah this is my life right now
it's very glamorous as you can tell and
I promise I will try and make star light
videos next week I that's what I was
saying upstairs that every single week I
try and I make out like a plan of videos
and I hate people that do that like I
hate people that say that like people
that I subscribe to that are like oh and
then I make like five videos next week
and then I'm like all excited because I
like their videos and I'm looking
forward to it and then I'm
for their stupid videos and they never
update or they never upload any and I'm
like oh I hate when people do that and
then I'm becoming one of those people
that's like making all these false
promises that I can't keep so I
apologize for that but I will try my
hardest to upload at least three videos
next week Oh
Theo is pooping Cardon some really
pleasant sight not gonna show you guys
don't worry
hello welcome to Dolph is key John I'm
going for my daddy now Oh God right like
a lion got peas carrots sweet corn some
rice and some sweet and sour with extra
pineapple you because you put the lime
in the pineapple is it good huh Saturday
night for crazy here Saturday night Oh
stir fry and is upstairs
folding clothes I was like whoa calm
yourself down woman
it's only a Saturday night and she's
like knowing that I'm full of these
clothes good stop
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
haha
