so we're changing Emilia in the car shop
and no good - keeping changing to cut
nice garden
oh my goodness I love when a plan comes
together I've been juggling so many
different like projects and stuff in the
air lately and it's been very difficult
and I had to try and do them all like
all non shanti but um they might all
come together next week so here's hoping
here's hoping and groping that they all
come together next week listen good luck
good luck jofi I don't know what the
hell it's about but it will obviously by
their next week today's pretty good day
but I can't say why I know I can't tell
you you'll understand when we tell you
when it happens next week and then we
tell you and then you'll be like it
makes sense yeah but oh my god there's
this new show what is it which one
somebody shows cuckoo cuckoo yeah it's
busy Joe it's so funny what made me
think of it is because the mom in it
she's like um basically her daughter
like the main characters like got
married I got I got married in like
Thailand or something on her gap year
and when she came home married to this
like total crazy it was a rock on you
 yeah it's the guy from Jays and my
pants and everything else all of those
things yeah he's so funny I remember his
name he's in that movie with um you know
stupid movie launched with what's is my
dad yeah my dad this is my dad or stupid
but anyways and his name is cuckoo like
this actually Gugu but anyways he's so
funny it's such a good show it's like an
English show what he's American I think
in my BBC world like the way Doctor Who
is so I think it's bad world like he's
American obviously but the other
characters are English
a lot of good actors and it actually has
the headmaster guy from Inbetweeners as
UK yeah Kalyan but anyway what made me
think of it as cuz her mom is like not
allowed to tell cuz they're having this
big party where I'm gonna reveal that
she got married and stuff and he's not
allowed to tell anybody but she's so
crap and keeping his secret and she's
like the guests come and she's like oh
um whatever her name is
my daughter has some big news you know
she's so excited and they're like oh
 she's pregnant she's like nope but
close they're like she's married she's
like oops and then she does something
else really similar to that and it's
like the same exact thing she just
basically tell them what I'm telling
like oh she's married just like huh so
that's what I feel like I'm thinking as
like alkalization to marriage she's like
what mom yeah she's so stupid
she's like the dad but it's really good
if you can if you can get your hands on
it coocoo so funny cuz I love that guy
but anyways um that's kind of what I
feel like right now I feel like if I
talk about anything too much I'll just
do it away but I want to express my
excitement yeah cuz I'm excited so I'm
not gonna say anything but today's a
good day
and I hope you guys are having a good
day and if you're not having a good day
make it a good day yeah do something to
make it that's turn that frown upside
down
yeah there's been so many times where
I've been having a crappy day and then
I'm like no I'm going to make the
decision to not make this be a crappy
day and it actually works
PowerPoint them all up you know regular
caffeine explore oh let's go explore
what is the difference accessing oh crap
pay attention
I decided also together so we'll go spit
what is wrong with it just probably pop
off again now Lewis Brown sighs later
something the place is a mess like oh
yeah and they're all over the place
hey that one's on heart heavy George
want to swap then cuz I won't treat my
flocks I'm driving you got to take away
coffee huh I know but it doesn't work
right inside and wearing this I can get
a small it no dramas going any smaller
no it's fine I will do that hey this is
fine we're still we're still but what
happens we start moving like okay well
all that cool down for a bit barely a
lid yeah we're gonna go splitsies on
this bad boy here bucum Bowl iam coming
ever doesn't media want anything no okay
great let's go well she she does get
Boop enough oh I texted my mom what oh
my god what you know a MIDI a medieval
Emily this is close shop yeah yes they
stock butter LONDON nail polish I know
that means loving too you know I
remember you did a review or something
the winner like only available online
and stuff it's not available in the shop
sounds like Dell Dell not available in
the shops
haha come on let's go let's go volume I
hate sitting behind these things I
always think like oh my god what if one
of those bales were to fall down if one
bale of hay accidentally fall there'll
be no Joe Fafi anymore that's a copy
dude
I see Jonah Sharon lay close up there of
the spillage situation okay here's Joe
pisses nice and ah here's mine like
keeps dripping down and then when we go
around corners the
like gravitate over to my legs um Oh God
look at it
oh my god the thing we don't have a
beige leather interior
oh god imagine we had a baby here and
you guys live in banded band down banter
I don't have a repeat bandit he'll be
I don't think I don't think we that's
you and me being abandoned knowing me no
we haven't
Amina's ever we'd abandoned probably
keep sinking I'm saying abandon abandon
Amelia abandon ship so yeah we're gonna
for a
because you know what you know it's
funny
I was like I love the Range Rover but I
felt it was too big I was like just
thinking Range Rover is just too big
it's his - gosh darn big if only they
made a smaller sporty-er sort of Range
Rover don't guess
this thing called a Range Rover Sport a
rake a regular sport them smaller and
sport here
well how to do let's go look at what
jelly yeah an AC this is way more
manageable it's not as big at all as the
actual order Range Rover this is the
Range Rover Sport oh it's comfy back
here alright does it have the ISO finger
oh I would say def oh definitely
just as the VW was like it actually said
it yeah so did yam the BMW had actual oh
no look actually does it has this thing
comes up look for the baby actually as a
picture of a baby see this whole thing
comes up for the eyes optics
Hey look at the boot space I like the
color I didn't I wasn't sure about the
color be honest I really like the gray
hop in there I'll hold on believe her we
go for Drive we leave her there
I hate leather see yeah I know
so like cold or something oh I was
against the beige but I prefer a black
what a black letter because we're
probably going to be puke and dog sick
and all sorts of stuff in everything
that leathers white these have this
special thing in them that when liquid
or something gets on them falls off or
something I don't know I can't remember
yeah the answer to all your problems in
life automatic because like when I was M
when I was getting into full-size range
over I couldn't I couldn't even step up
like I had to oh she's rolling away I
actually like climb up into it yeah I
know where is this thing like it's
actually like a cup holders
Herman No
here Oh
oh that's nice actually that's quite
handy that's how it was in before was it
yeah yeah
what was the Alfa is the one that had no
cup holders on it so I stupid outfit
like yeah electronic seats for moving
you up Mike oh I'll put mine like way
back you know the way yeah I mean way
back oh yeah I like lots of like the
height and everything was good I don't
um he's not looking at boot it's not
like it's not ridiculously big
the other one was huge like yeah you
could tell when you were driving he's
much more manageable
looks like an aeroplane yeah whoo this
is a nice Drive let's see what happens
we put a foot down
oki Allah is like GPS stuff going on
here
oh okay we've got an incline thing
flashing actually changed the I changed
the car too at some other sort of mode
which I wasn't really sure about you
know when you're driving yeah automatic
because you're used to manual do you
ever like see your hand gravitating well
all the time but look this is Tiptronic
as well I have the option of driving
manual as well weird because I was
Wonder people like you or used to the
other now all I need to put in here
I changed the attraction anything I need
to change the car because I think I made
a I think it's were up in the air one
side put into park okay um you feel the
car moving oh yeah yeah that's the
tractor that's that lifting it I just
think I need to put it in to please turn
that off
um normal mode
yeah there we go I'm just putting the
car up and it's on its feet
know if you can see that that is really
cool isn't it
it's like it's because this is designed
to be driving driven off-road and stuff
you know what's the like back in the
back I know gets one of these time rakes
it's not a ham break it's one of these
here see what it's like back there
where'd you met I don't know where are
you going oh hi um yeah no I like it
it's not too there's not too much space
between me and my dad tonight
go Vince
don't kill us
god yeah I know that way better what I
was saying is that there's not a lot of
space between Amelia and me or me and
the ceiling the roof the ceiling so it
doesn't feel too like crazily big or
anything and also back there will be for
all the pups but I need to know like you
guys let me know if you have dogs and
you have car seats for them because I
know you can get car seats for dogs that
are like elevated so they can look at
the window because I think for their
motion sickness as well like Bianca
still gets sick sometimes they need to
look at the window yeah actually doesn't
so yeah it helps if they can look out I
think it's easy because one of those
jailbirds yeah but I feel like if we got
just my friend Charlotte she has one for
her dog Colossus it's like a car vet but
like she she lives in the States and I
don't know if you can get those here
I've never seen them in Mac to sue or
anything like that so I'm guessing
online but let me know if you guys have
dogs and you have like their like
specific car beds for dogs that are like
elevated to like about this height I
think but I think the idea is that they
can look at the window and like be also
be strapped in August's are in the boot
then they will be
jumped in but it's just it's it's safer
anyway so let me know so we're changing
Emilia in the car shop and I'll get a
minor King James in the cut oh no
started okay you are 100% perfect
Vincent mmm and look at her cute little
onesy Tom hmm
so cute and that comes with these little
boobies and this little hat with ears
such a good girl
yeah getting a new car you want to tell
them no it's okay I think we just bought
a car guys well I know we just bought a
guy yeah yeah we got that one it's nice
here's to nice to pass up I was
surprised I like the color as well go
get me Mia Cara I was wide open
yeah she's so alert he's moving she's so
alert nowadays though like I noticed
just recently you know maybe ever since
she turned three weeks that she is so
much more awake all the time Ling and
she'll actually focus on like shield on
Chloe's with you whereas before she was
just like
there you know she was like she's half
still in the womb
which they say like art doctor our GPS
that thought as well as like they're not
even fully there and begin an easily
cool they are there look at your asses
generosity I could try master a
trimester yeah um that there it's kind
of like the fourth trimester and it's
not a does it definitely is though cuz
it's like she's kind of sent me there
she's not a flu shot baby yeah like
she's not a toddler yeah you know she's
like sometimes you know she's not gonna
be a toddler until you know but you know
sometimes she like looks at you when
you're doing something and you're like
hello and it's like that's what I was
saying just recently that she started
actually looking at you and like
grabbing things you can tell that she
actually kind of you know or else
yesterday I was playing with her and she
was actually kind of smiling hmm um she
was kind of reacting but like not fully
you know she's proud it really stinks
right now of like petrol or something
this is gross what's wrong ah creds it's
gone all wintry actually like the wind
'red oh it's so sluggish snuggle bunnies
can't believe no he did today you know
oh my goodness like ah so many things in
the air and everything coming together
like I know obviously we told you about
the car which we obviously bought but um
everybody why don't have it is because
they have to go and I'm like the car
comes obviously like a warranty and
stuff you know so before they let it out
they am you know it's brought into a
garage and it's a Friday so far as like
your look there's no rush like taking
into the garage check everything over
just make sure it's tip-top shape
um and then try pick it up next week but
um we did something else pretty huge
I feel like we're saying I was like I
don't tell you about it so I'm not gonna
take me because I'll ruin it but um
keep your eyes peeled keep your eyes
peeled it's gonna be epic it's gonna be
epic for you and me for you and for me
and the entire human race where our way
to get there if you care enough for
living
Kofi Jackson trophy Jackson Joe Jackson
sounds like a real person
listen Joey Jackson golf Jackson Joe
Jackson oh my goodness so rainy so I'm
heading up the Tesco to uh get some num
nums because oh my god turn your Rockets
back
whoa burn em down oh I missed it I
missed it there's so many good shows on
now again all the good shows so we
decided I'm gonna head up here I'm going
to pick up some some supplies make a
nice tasty dinner snuggle up on the
couch watch some nice television put the
hairdryer a pond so maybe it takes quiet
yeah just cough it up - hope you guys
had a good Friday Friday afternoon
I know lately um I hope you guys haven't
found a blogs like boring or anything
because every day it's like it's so hard
at the start with Amelia you know - Kai
and try and do that I'm always like oh
god I want to make that I want to make
the vlogs like fun for you guys I want
to make sure you guys enjoy watch them
and like all God everyone's gonna think
it's boring and crap now because
most days like we can't get anything
done cuz it Emilia and stuff you know
I'm not complaining like I love her and
stuff I just I hope I hope the show is
so I still good for you guys you know
you should say it's really hard but it's
get gets better you know obviously we're
slowly you know ina slowly could find a
routine you know where we're able to
like get out of bed in a day we start
getting things done start doing stuff
you know stick in there and get better
it gets better right the last couple and
you guys went in Tesco in the comments
we want Tesco I'll pick it up here
plastic look what I wrote in the top of
this because she's always like you
better stick to the list Drive cereal is
so complicated means I just get me some
cereal my some cereal right
there's like a billion serials to choose
from back in the day when I grew up was
Coco Pops Rice Krispies or cornflakes
well then now it's like a million
flavors everything that's so fair those
people speak to me that they have
fiendish fancies but we don't seem to
have any fiendish fancies here I'm so
jealous of any you guys on a Finnish
fancies that's not fair
oh no I just realized there's no bags in
the food so just to dump everything into
the back of the car in the rain
brilliant brilliant brilliant this means
you won't have a new car with so much
space and dump everything in there
everything in the whole world don't be a
cool invention you know like in them
vacuum cleaners and stuff when you're
finished with them you press the button
and it's like you sucks like the Corden
I wouldn't be cool and like trolleys and
like supermarkets and stuff and when
you're finished with them you like press
the home button
oh yeah a party just happened are they
so you know you can like press a button
and her like she like suck the little
trolley back in connect would not be
cool I don't know if that's possible
you guys are amazing go invent that
somebody invent that
maybe I should patent that and then you
should invent it and then I'll just live
off the royalties of your invention
teamwork
high-five how many times have I talked
about this and I finally got it totally
is it here does this taste like waka
mamas we're about to find out yeah I
also want to try this hat look I
remember I've cut into a board with neck
normal popcorn because I find out like
like oh I I got a box of Pringles there
yesterday and I'm much to them and I had
like a tie in my life and then I was
like oh my god Pringles so like heavy
and stuff so I got to go back to popcorn
popcorn so easy and you can eat like a
billion popcorns and money in the world
will ever happen but em I got bored of
it like so I'm gonna try these these are
like the cheese ones um they're like no
 word it's like 100 and something
these aren't an attorney profile you
know so I'm losing to damaging I may
have the entire six packs okay let's
just be honest this is clear at the air
here for them first I'm gonna have my
culture we look I couldn't decide which
one to get so I got all of them
and it over need to noticed hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
haha
