we've tried to buy two we've tried to
and then for now we're going to try six
I'm going to put Amelia in here and
we're gonna walk everybody at the same
time this is either the worst idea we
have ever had this is genius what do you
think
hello my name is Joffe jobs I am here to
clean your house what source would you
like your page oxido oh I see your
boobies are on display
I do not clean the boobies what words
would you like yes no problem I already
did washing this morning sigh curtsy and
I go firstly I got guts in Lego the only
thing I notice been washing them guys
it's like we're not watching over the
amount of clothes then our clothes that
Emilia generates in terms of washing
it's just endless it is endless I just
put this in right I jammed every hang in
there I don't know if it's over full or
not but it's like I bet you tomorrow
there'll be another giant pile of stuff
to em do poor health for I think is
overwhelmed with everything keep saying
that like I want to clean up I'm like no
wait Lenexa I feel like there's no point
in getting cleaner here like the house
is not that big you know it's only like
a tree bad semi so it's like there's no
point you know and then we move to the
other house on like then you can get a
cleaner you know because it's like it
makes more sense it's much bigger and
stuff you know when I'm gonna comfort
it's like she's like I don't want to
wait I don't want to wait oh is that the
Dawson's Creek that that I just seen
Dawson's Creek every day on vacuuming
that vacuuming vacuuming back
let the buh-buh-buh-buh
what's that thing food at Gangnam style
and he did a little little thing but he
does like I don't know I can't do it
and you guys cute a gang of top dry life
damn I don't want any wine I'm vacuuming
I should probably wait see she is August
no me Donna
see she's August not me Donna
Matra hmm hello everyone hello don't
need a bowling tray and noodle follows
Oh tea I drink for Janet bread that will
bring us fatty
don't don't do me like my little Von
Trapp family even Maltese Von Trapp it's
a corny jolly Von Trapp hmm you guys do
for part harmonies can you hmm
those are a few of my favourite things I
think all my hair blow blow blow blow
yeah I will so bad movies you see it all
Theodore Roosevelt Papa you guys are so
cool
you are such hard work six dogs and a
baby there's a lot of hard-working
commitment I have so much love to give
so we got this thing Nosefrida nasal
aspirator safe received a desk
she's always congested so I'm gonna give
it a go except you actually have to suck
the snot out of her which does not seem
very nice so Nene's gonna do it because
she likes it's like let's not be
slamming you a spider hmm
Oh like mommy kisses oh you're like
mommy
this good daddy kisses huh so we do this
one thing this Nazis any Rosie's dad
prefers picking but media control
yourself
I think I'll be one to go okay let's see
what is this so funny do you
mom sucking with that rose like a
schnapps okay you ready
this is really scary that is so freaky
did it work
these are our filter yeah it's not going
yes okay I can see some in there
you know I can still see it there's a
booger in there how was that and I feel
like probably weird you're not supposed
to shove it up though no no no headed
off looking I can see it but it's not
coming out
you got a booger in your nose you get it
no you look do this
no no don't do that oh my god oh no just
squeeze squish like that try and loosen
it up oh no I thought that was it garlic
you smiling oh my god oh ha ha ha
that is so disgusting ah ha ha ha ha we
got it we got it is that better now yeah
I think you liked that you little weirdo
I do another one okay you did well there
you got a big lump out mmm she's happy
what age can you blow your nose at
kill me next
oh you got something there that's in
goopy stuff anyway what age can you blow
your nose that I want to think she feels
better though well yeah she's like
obviously she's relieved is there it's
nuts in her nose
well done Nene's okay okay I'll go
dispose of those nuts
take the snot so I take this nuts away
Oh God it's only a bit fall oh god I
forgot the bloody video I'm so close and
if like it is
Wow so hon mmm he's got a bed-bound
lately I don't know I mean it's just
become like such a feeder of late you
know I don't maybe she's having a
growing spurt or maybe swingy see more
or something like that I don't know I
don't know if you any you guys are a
couple of months ahead of us
not a couple of years out of us like a
couple of months out of us like what's
happening where are you
what so what they're like a month in
we're almost a month in what's it like
then all right we got it
William and get that what is it oh god
grunts clothes is it no honey it's close
but oh goodness
huh anywho um I'm gonna Nick down to M
the station up here to have one of those
like deli counters and I saw it's gonna
ever take away copies there's no way you
so glamorous I'm like you know get a
takeaway coffee so I'll get her take
wake up with you boy and um and I tuna a
tuna roll
take me makin plus like I was gonna make
it but I know it's you know and someone
else makes it and stuff it's more like
special I don't know I probably should
have gone the other way crap
because I know we can go up the hill and
around the corner and back down i this
is stupid
strip Eidos mister PTO's um funny had a
TV in the car look at this all right get
it whoa miksa mower man Mick Samoa
what are they doing here maybe they're
big in the subway a subway system
that'll be really cool not like the
tasty rolls I'm not gonna buy like an
underground subway haha like my machine
I want to be those on an Ergo Swiss
coffee
going he's trippin on me
not a minima so everything look like a
No
so like grinds the beans and then puts
them in okay cool
we got an order ordering oh my god a
collection of items for you for your
perusal huh
your collection from mommy's hmm no
Albee what did you order
I ordered the Danish okay there you go
there's Danish is coffees tuna rolls
wraps you feed her I feed you who feeds
me it's like what four o'clock is it for
flower talk it's pretty you're ready to
go for why not dress are you makeup or
makeup or hair yeah
I finally got to have a shake shower
okay yeah we need to get up in like 4:00
a.m. I know I'm talking about hair like
washing my hair is like such a chore
this is why most moms cut their hair I'm
like not gonna cut my hair I'm so
adamant that I'm not gonna do it but it
means that I need to get like a spare
hour to action watching two hours to
like total to get ready and stuff when I
wash my hair exchange blood right now
and she's being super fussy all day
javis was really nice cuz he vacuumed
the whole house didn't you yep for me
I'm watching for you he did the long
range he was really nice because I was
like freaking out husband of the year
because I want to do everything and I
can't like I really want to get
everything done
we were watching um that Secret
Millionaire show and the woman in it she
was like a millionaire successful
businesswoman person from duneagle I
remember who she was or anything thinks
she owned pharmacies or something and
she was like she made a point that
really stood out to me because it's so
true she was like there's this thing
with women like that they they just do
it to themselves that they feel like
everything they have to be perfect at
like everything they have to be like the
perfect mom perfect cleaner perfect like
cook the perfect everything and it's so
true I feel like if I do a really good
job at looking after her needs and like
feeding her all day
and you know like I'm staying with her
staying close to her like what I did
today everything else falls apart like
dogs are like bored they haven't been
walked yet um the kitchen is filthy the
house is filthy has is like falling
apart and then like if I clean the house
she gets neglected and she starts crying
and then I feel like a bad mom and then
if I don't do my makeup and my hair and
everything I feel like ugly and it's
just like it's so hard to get a balance
I know it's only like three weeks in but
I honestly just didn't I did not know
what took like oh yeah
so thankfully Joe Fez is here know her
sooo there came a oh god oh oh oh my god
that's that's kind of part my part of my
job I feel really bad sometimes because
you didn't okay steady no she has said
like seriously she's fed just like all
night long and all day long like I've
just been like you know she's been on
the boob off the boob on the boob off
the boob and I just think I just hit
break so I washed my hair and now I'm
gonna put on makeup and just make myself
feel better because otherwise I'll feel
like crap the whole day no it's four
o'clock I've nowhere to go no one to see
but whatever at least she'll grow up
knowing that her mom looked after her so
the hair where you do detention at the
German huh it just looks the same of the
hair gun
we've tried to buy - we fried - and then
for now we're going to try six whit
stupid I'm gonna put Amelia in here and
we're gonna walk everybody at the same
time this is either the worst idea we
have ever had this is genius
what do you think it's kind of cross
okay alright I'll go ahead and let
everyone know what's happening now
people listen to me very carefully
there's going to be a walkies okay it's
going to be a walkies walkies we're
gonna go into walkies okay okay okay
puppies we want to go into walkies huh
do you come on now I'm gonna do my best
to try and get some footage of this but
most times when we doing walkies like
specially reconvey a.m. I have been
unable to block it this happens all
right quiet in the class who wants
attention
who wants oh right
you guys are gonna have to stay after
school
oh my goodness
fun a rowdy bunch we have I'll be I just
only know where to put you that's Bianca
do you want me to write in your journal
hmm and then see no we'll have to sign
it
how do you feel about that huh I would
say so far so good
ah I don't think we need a seventh dog
in this situation I think six is
probably enough what do you think my
little compadre my little compadre
this is actually working it's actually
working okay so far come on guys don't
split me in half out of it it's it just
give up
nope you're causing like all sorts of
problems here for everybody
Oh careful of the car come on guys come
on that's right chilly out here
it's a chilly willy fun dear peepees oh
sorry Xena Xena this is the best way
come on this is the way where everybody
goes together and I wanna stay at home
we want to do it in processes because
this is a lot easier it's just
definitely a lot easier because we do it
one go and we're all done yeah I think
you guys appreciate and not only are we
walking six dogs and a baby
what's a bit healing for your pleasure I
hope you're having a shirt so far so
good
some jock who is walking along with
their own obviously and he just like
pause because I was on one side you're
right it was like barking I'm he's like
oh my god it's the end of the world all
I see is white dogs everywhere come on
there's no funny-looking tio the Red
Nosed Reindeer
so we didn't hear huh
she's fast asleep why oh yeah how do I
stay back here for a second let them
camp oh we have a connection issue oh
come on guys
mom's miles away she's definitely a lot
heavier now than she was last time we
went on our walk together aren't you huh
sure hmm using warm in their little
handy warm hey everyone Oh careful
entangle T's hmm scoop you up here come
on
is this fake grass it feels kind of like
man-made grass or something it seems a
little yeah that's what I mean like it
looks like a little too perfect to be
actual grass alrighty this yeah uh-oh
oh crap oh wait wait wait wait wait Oh
solve it fixers
boom baby bedding moutoku
that's my god I think I keep getting I
could climb Everest with you huh
when I be a plan huh we do we go on
whatever is next weekend
what's that no that was a success and oh
my goodness we bumped into a friend of
ours who has two more peas so we're open
that green there was eight Maltese
wasn't that crazy like an eight of us
running around so cool so right side I
have no idea when we're outside but are
we in the water
Wow like I just shopping it tomorrow you
mean you can get water and a tap
wouldn't it be cool I don't know this
exists leave me comments if your lab do
this but em you gotta go headphones cuz
that app is so loud and irritating for
me but it's fine like the life of my own
headphones on but when you're sitting
there like we're watching TV you know
sometimes she gets all like crazy um
what do you be could you put a little
head I don't know is that cruel I don't
know if you can even do that I must be
searched by now let's just eat for the
moment but I don't know if you can do
that but you don't legal headphones like
a plug is my iphone then if you play
like the white noise like the hairdryer
tamper and then she like stay so quiet
in the sleep and we wouldn't hear diner
is that cool that exists I mean all guys
I fail all right we got girls knock on
child
I think various damn Thai green chicken
curry and of course probably got the
other you know one so how'd it burn me
baby
hmm don't worry I've got that all over
me as well you know where it kind of
looks like Ready Brek even though she's
not eating Ready Brek but it looks like
Ready Brek it smells like ready bracket
it is love so meanie I just had a poo
explosion again and jovis is looking
after it so one of my favorite things
about the weather getting colder and
this kind of time of you actually love
this time of year I think autumn is my
favorite season I like summer as well
but living in Ireland you got a crap
summer so it's not even worth like it's
not even a real season over here it's
like an extension of winter or something
but autumn is really really nice
because I love the leaves changing and I
love Halloween and my birthday then
Thanksgiving and then it rolls into
Christmas but I just really like this
time of year but one of my favorite
things about it is um hot tea especially
I made this is chamomile and spiced
apple and so it's very festive it's like
kind of cinnamon knee or like spice yeah
kind of spiced I really really like tea
like hot tea in the winter time I went
off it completely during pregnancy and
also except pregnant during summer it
didn't really make sense but I really
really did not like tea and I usually
love her abilities but especially
obviously it makes more sense to drink
it in the colder months but I'm really
getting back into it so I kind of want
to have like some fun with different tea
flavors and like experiment with
different ones because I used to be
really into it like I said and then just
kind of I don't know went off it
completely during pregnancy but now I'm
kind of like into it again I'm like hmm
what else what other flavors are right
there so right now we're loving Tamil
and spiced apple at nighttime because
it's really like comforting
um so yeah and I have a huge huge do you
see how huge that whoa now it doesn't
look like much right now but all that
laundry hanging off it took me like ages
today to hang it all up because Amelia
has so many clothes goes through so many
clothes every single day like that's her
first baby row that she's right that's
actually pretty good going so this is
her first baby grow it's like what nine
o'clock at night but she did stay in her
PJ's from last night for a long time
today so technically she's gone through
two items today and I always change her
best out as well so there's all these
like undergarments and their socks and
everything and she just goes through so
many clothes like I'll probably no I
won't change her again if she's being
changed right now yeah I know I won't
buy usually change her like into PJs for
like nighttime and then she usually
messes up at least one effort so she
usually goes through like three changes
a day so she has a lot she accumulates a
lot of laundry and it's crazy because
like we don't go through that much you
know and usually I'll do like about
three washes three or four washes a week
is usually what I go through because one
is the sheets because I wash the sheets
once a week then I usually do a light
wash a dark wash and sometimes let's say
every two weeks I do towels so because I
don't really need to be done that often
but um so yeah but three to four washes
a week now I'm doing like laundry every
single day like every single day I have
to do a load otherwise what happens is
it just piles up and usually they're
always lighter washes as well because
all of her clothes are usually light so
the dark items have like been totally
just like discarded they're just in a
little tiny pile in the bathroom so yeah
we're just what rewash sure you think
all all the lighter items and all like
our underwear and our socks are being
washed put then none of like Josephus's
clothes like his t-shirt like his dark
t-shirts are being washed so yeah but um
it's fine it's actually I'm not
complaining I don't really mind doing
laundry to be honest it's just a pain
and there's so much of it and you're
trying to like stop it all into your
washing machine which is not good for it
either and look everybody's in here
tonight because they're being good so
far there's Alby I was just pining away
because his dad is upstairs this is I
think this is Bianca yes heard her name
Bianca Navy oh yes I take a girl Bianca
she likes being down for some reason she
likes being on the floor this is new v's
right here that's Noveck only newbies
that's Nevaeh and that's Cena Cena
usually takes that spot because this
usually is the couch that I go on but
I'm in the breast feeding nursing chair
right now
Nevaeh is the only dog that can actually
get up
actually no newbies can do it too but
Nevaeh was the first one that can
actually get up on the couches um I
don't know why she always he's but feel
again he doesn't really like going up on
the couch he likes being down on the
ground and Nevaeh newbies like to go up
I don't know why
I'll be waiting for dad you waiting for
daddy and the dogs are so much happier
because they all got walked together
there was no like waiting around you
know we didn't have to walk one group
first and then what happens is they get
really upset by that because they get
really like hype drop and kind of
frustrated when you know other dogs are
out and they're not and like then I
don't know it just doesn't really work
very well so it was so great that we got
all of them walked at the same time and
we did it with ease like it wasn't crazy
or hard I mean it's always gonna be hard
but whatever it wasn't crazy wasn't
stressful it worked really well they all
worked well together and it was great so
and I can tell like they're all so much
more relaxed so we're gonna try and make
it part of our routine now that will
walk them hopefully like we want to do
it in the mornings it's just it's so
hard to get stuff done the new board but
we want it to be part of our routine so
that they
can rely on the fact that they're
getting whomp like Alby and Cena already
know they get walked but the puppies
don't always get walked because it's so
hard to bring them all out so um we're
gonna try and do that okay okay okay
hey no cupcakes
hmm but I forgot the socks I forgot the
socks there sucks um you know in the
song time yeah the socks though you
can't get socks wrong right pink socks
coming up pink socks
come on Iona pink socks coming up pink
socks coming up today today where are
Saxbys here are the sock see here I
heard the little bundles of joy Doupe
Doupe Doupe Doupe
tuba tuba do dupa dupa dupa - who is
this guy huh mr. BA Oh Co Co Co he
always takes it too far
ha ha ha here's your socks hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
