I am still in the same position I was an
Africa help me
she's really cute and everything and
this is lovely and all but I kind of
need to get ready
when an actual beautiful morning suns in
the sky you go how I feel hmm nothing
does enough I think there's enough Irene
do you get a cup so much that you can
buy like pasta coffee cups that's an
interesting fact
or if I am like a it's some device like
a bowl or something that you use it
important to copy but then I'll be
cheating to wash up so no but Dave you
find one else cos the coffee cup things
and that that my friend is a good idea
because it would be pretty cool about
everybody could just like fit it in
there you know you might cannot does it
say what are you doing what are you
doing confused my friends are here
that's what makes it even better this is
gonna cause a mess there's my manners
there's me talking about myself how are
you you new in your life is yesterday
and the exciting big news you'd like to
share with me or any of the members of
our community here feel free drop it
down 24 hours later I should give it a
read
this is powerful we have a cooking
emergency okay that Ted Ted Ted you
you've become somewhat of a character in
the show
- little test the water temperature of
the water that's what I need to turn on
the cold that right mouth all right Ted
how is this you got one okay - okay it's
a win it's ready it's ready for the baby
problem are you ready for a bat huh
are you ready for her back your eyes are
huge I think you've got high luck her
eyes are kind of like green greeny hazel
just like my eyes huh do you think we
just open up here do we have the same
prize I think you might have the same
eyes
you've got cleanie-cleanie eyes like
that huh okay I mean yes getting away
kick kick kick your legs get legs like
that do you like it I think she does you
ready for underwater time yeah maybe it
reminds her of being in her looky-loos
things nope oh lucky
oh good yeah
here it is the spongy that's what this
is for daddy bud
well mr. Furst dad give me your license
okay I'm gonna get Alby because I want
him I want to see how these reaction to
this good
let's get Alby oh my hair is like half
done by the way case you're wondering
why it looks weird
Oh Phoebe's I say Alby because you know
saw it last time you saw it last time
and it was fine
wanna see me again I wish she washes yes
he's growling too big for him do you
think's it's for him it's not for you
it's for Amelia where's the me huh
where's Olivia she getting a wishy-washy
hmm he isn't mean they're getting
arrested
come on let's go now recently via the
minion will be you know when is she
doing gonna see gonna see no he's
petrified you think of him
Oh b-but did not work well at all hello
so cute not a picture for my Instagram
oh I have to go get an iPhone for that
kind of devices closes over come on
inside we go can you grab my phone and
take an Instagram oh I think my phone
I'm taking it no what I have an
Instagram please where's your phone it's
not in here obviously
it's not artists you so many pink things
it's kind of hard to tell the difference
making their passing was not my catcher
into the ground
Doh crowd let's get the lights back on
ready I go again go again blue blue
blurry
Hey
thank you know you can pick the filter
oh you like that weird one Nashville I'm
not a fan of Nashville has even
established bro to Expo - whatever yeah
I had to clean up this disaster over
here mommy's here everything's laid
there see the tapas room but their beer
Bambi tapas okay oh okay
maybe we won't use on
there there look at that there Andy
thank you oh my goodness guys yep I'm
still at it my trick okay I learned a
lot yesterday I must admit you know I
still learning in my life I think I will
be learning forever because that's how
life is
so I thought that Range Rovers gonna be
really nice yesterday you know and it's
what you said okay so I got my range
where we think oh yeah nice no I just
really do not enjoy driving it so much
you know and I was talking on my brother
about it and he was saying that it's
like it is funny that like you do
Dominion you sit in the car in a matter
of a few seconds you decide whether you
like this car or not you know and I just
didn't feel that when I got into that
car and I was like that's it I just kind
of felt disappointed - I don't know
No
it's not only me you know this is the
only way that she likes to sleep is on
her tummy which is dangerous like I'll
never put her in her crib or in her
co-sleeper on her tummy because it's
like it's dangerous for you know SIDS
and caught death but this is the only
way she likes to sleep in it's funny
because that's the way I like to sleep
as a baby and as a grown person as well
so she will fall asleep while I'm
burping her on her tummy on me like on
my chest and then I can get nothing done
so I still haven't finished curling my
hair I haven't put lipstick on I haven't
gotten dressed
I still haven't washed off downstairs or
the washing up just never gets done
anymore until like the last thing at
night and it's always left up to
josephus now because I'm just not going
to do it I haven't like I just haven't
done anything and this is why I get
nothing done every single day because
she's hungry then I have the theater
then I have to like wind her and then
she falls asleep on top of me so right
now my trick is anyway I'm gonna test
drive every single car in court that's
my plan let it just hatch on every
single car till I sit till I find the
car and when I sit in the car and I go
yeah because before when I bought this
car I was like it wasn't that much money
and I was like yeah okay you know I'll
buy this car like I wasn't really like
making a big decision now it's like I
want to buy a car for a few years you
know so I want to get something like I
don't mind spending a bit of money on it
but I wanted something I can like grow
in and lasts and eventually I want this
to become Anna's car and then I'm gonna
go in a few years and buy myself a nice
roadster daddy got the Roadster yo mommy
can have the SUV for the kids and the
dogs daddy being his roadster ciao haha
my little it's not that's not nobody I
think this is the look I'm just gonna
rock today I don't know I probably won't
even get a chance to get dressed at all
and I'm just gonna end up looking like
this so this is a new look it's a half
half-up half-down have curled half not
half makeup half not look who is this
tell me what it says I loved it
but I
believe that me comment I love your song
alright so this is the other car which
looking at it's nice
odds manual manual but it's um it's kind
of nice though isn't it this is um I
like the little step up thing
well it's kind of nice I'm just enough
room for everybody what do you guys
think this one or this one right it's
the next tree by the way so let me go
and see if I can that doesn't appear to
be anybody around here let's see if I
can go find a staff member member I
would like your attention please thank
you very much goodbye I'm still in the
same position I wasn't Africa this is
lovely and all but I kind of need to get
ready I feel like I'm missing out on
everything but I don't mind cuz she's so
cute
plus she smells very nice from her boss
but seriously like I tried putting her
down it didn't work she just wants to be
on her tummy on mommy that's all she
wants see the X ones are nice and all
but look at the size like the boot thing
in the back it's really really small so
I just don't know that would really see
the dogs you know it's like I have to
you know the point of this one is that
I'm the reason I'm doing this is for
Amelia obviously not
Bianca I'm cleaning up our Alvey and
everybody you know it's nothing this
more for me so hmm
this is one of the Carter's baby grows
that we got from one of you guys one of
our subscribers and it came really
recently I think this came last week so
thank you for that um I'm sorry I can't
remember who it came from I just get
really confused because there was so
much stuff but um it's super warm and I
did this because I thought we were going
out today but now it turns out we're
stuck here then there's that car which
is exactly the same well it's automatic
it's my car essentially is that beige
leather interior um and they're little
back seats look they have the little
things built in for the car seat which
is pretty cool it's fully automatic and
it's the estate one nice anyway I just
looked at at amorcita damn class Jeep
thingy I don't know I don't know it
doesn't really excite me to be honest
you know like for the kind of money
you're dropping like I don't know and
then that a state version of my big
essentially this exact car but in a
state that is kind of appealing because
I really like this car you know and I
didn't really want to get rid of it you
know I just
not a baby and I have six dogs there's
no way I can ever transport everyone
together where you need a state version
of this car I can just put everyone in
the back you know anyway you mind
calling me from the big x5 we were
looking at yesterday so I'm gonna pin a
LAN there I didn't get to test-drive it
because traffic and that kind of stuff
so I'm going to nip that in there now
and take a test drive of it and then I'm
gonna go and collect Anna because she's
starving to death and I am selfishly
dropping water javis is out looking at
cars and I know he wanted me to come
with him but it's just impossible for me
to what are you doing did do anything
right now
plus it's like she all she wants to do
is feed and sleep so I just have to be
like I mean I'm just kind of like on
demand the whole time so everything it
is big big boy you definitely feel I
definitely feel like a big boy up here
I'm not gonna put the TV on right now
cuz I don't feel like I need it feels it
feels really nice to drive you know I
have it to put my hand on this thing
even though I do not need to you know I
feel like oh my god it's gonna cut out
I've ever seen no idea where I am
oh god I love this again oh crap the
phone to you
the dogs are loving this though because
Miami they think it's great because they
get snow a time all day but really I
need to go and do stuff so I'm gonna try
I'm gonna attempt to put her in her
clothes super and try it and finish off
my hair so that we could go and also get
dressed so that we can go and I think we
might be sharing the head-butting that
mean she wants to eat are you doing my
eyes not that's not doggy it's not Albie
clb loves this this is like his dream
come true snuggle time all day long
I just like saying that just to in here
got the power you're supplyin it's
electrifyin oh my goodness look at this
thing it's very nice it's very nice car
I think I know this is crazy but I think
I might just actually buy my car what a
bit on the end of it
Oh what it's German reg - can I get it -
odd little D jokes find a bloody
registration and the interiors are baiji
but I've never really been into the
beige you think red a black hole but
it's automatic and you know because I've
really enjoyed I really have enjoyed the
car that we have at the moment I really
enjoyed it and I'm like I don't want to
sell you know not but I don't want it
but then I need to and it was like
during that time where we bought Amelia
and the folks in stead of that out there
saying oh that's next month everyone
knew there - apparently and I'm not just
like we're like oh my god I can't do it
you know then I don't know how to go as
an x5 in the MAL and do any I haven't
had it go on which is kind of annoying
that there's no dealership in Cork I
have to drive to Dublin
you have a going in you know Jeep I know
it's a big American brand they do sell
them in Ireland as well they have a new
one come out it's like the new model one
it'd look really nice
I kind of a go at one unless I Drive to
Dublin then driving a thumb just to have
a go at something feels like can it's
stupid cuz ya like it like example dnl i
was going to drive to Dublin to have a
shot on one because there's none I
happen to find one opened racing in
court and I had a shot man I didn't like
it Range Rover had a shot man didn't
like it
x5 like the when I sat in it drove it
felt like I don't know you know I didn't
really like it was ok you know like a
really liked the car I have right now
this appears to be the answer to all of
our problems in life you know I like
that it comes in a booklet plus I like
buying from the actual place the real
place you know and I will sue happens
for a moment
mama see Amelia so smart is that when I
sit down she knows that dad's getting
comfy and it's not happening but then he
needs it's busy right now
recognizing the clothes so I have to
pretend then I'm walking to mom and she
knows it she know who's right look I'll
even show an example right
I think she's all cam now if I go sit
down here and I don't present her with a
boob full of milk
I bet there's one particular time
so I want like I'm gonna screw her dad
we'll wait we will sit here and wait
mm-hmm what's wrong hmm okay let's go
into mom then come on let's go yeah
we'll find a boxer Soames but on a
newborn somewhere else
Oh baby
where is your hands your hands why she's
like inside it she's holding on she's
great she's gripped onto it there we go
you gonna take care of her see nice oh
really
you gonna take care of Rossini's yeah
ESPYs man made love some rooms
honey did you hear num-nums and you came
running was this is that what happened
you're such a little liquor huh joy
num-nums huh hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
ah
