this little stream of just like milk
said like spewing out of my boob but
like yeah it was like going like a
fountain
what went your quest you had the count
like super early so that I catch it and
work had done because I never kept done
because once against a certain time that
Emily is fully awaking itself like
there's no chance of getting anything
done so he needs a sleeping minute
because I mean it will be fast asleep if
she's gonna listen ya know when I mean
is what I don't like it vastly no
problem
she knows that food is on top food is
near my death is enough for that so
sometimes she didn't tell me but I'm
some people have letter boxes we have a
shredder did you do that deal did you do
that
are you proud of your accomplishment you
guys see Instagram yesterday I Instagram
I'm tweeted eating it is my ball is it I
Instagram tweeted a book for puppies and
destroy I see it I said see i see a
little silhouetto of a man gotta move
gotta move
oh you can't get it you guys get easy
yes what is that it seemed that's miles
away okay okay if I left the ketchup you
have to run in and get it okay
you ready here we go ready
oh yeah it's tiny get it get Stewie Cena
get the toy and get out of here seen it
get it and go
go go go go good girl teamwork teamwork
teamwork your booty right it's that ball
boom baby boo-boo
thanks and I'm trying we're trying to
shoot this video but it's asleep
what do you mean the light wasn't on
today oh really
I think you might be spinning hello Cena
I think Cena's pretty glad he's like
everything's going back to normal
okay I'm ready you ready hi how are you
I'm okay thanks okay would you like me
to take a look she's like holding
herself up again what I was I have no
idea hey hey glad to see you're wearing
pink again not that dry dressy this
morning dried and rested that's what you
ended dry hook her feet
Hello Kitty Hello Kitty no that's the
whole outfit Hello Kitty he probably
didn't realize that I did not realize
you know this morning I had on my
leopard print
um dressing-gown she's and she had on
this and it's like leopard as well very
much Inge Gina Peter mmm-hmm
ugh she's so cute I just realized that I
forgot to show you guys what's wrong
what's wrong
no this actually kind of fits her
anyways what I was gonna say is that I
got a Filofax yesterday and I never
actually told you guys so I got the
what's called
Finsbury in space something on our a51
anyways and I got the UM this kind of
leather so I got the not the hundred
year old one so help I was a little bit
rough though I'm saying but um the other
one just didn't have this kind of like
see how this is textured like
differently I don't even know how to
describe that but they come in different
colors anyways and the other one was
like a link but it was just like plain
leather and it was Italian leather so
that's why it was so expensive so I
don't really understand white they're
the exact same thing inside so I got
this one but um and I love it I really
like it um oh I'm sorry she's good so I
need to pick her up but I just wanted to
update you guys I've got the Filofax
I'll be able to let you guys know if
it's worth that or not um after I've
used it for some time because right now
obviously I haven't used it enough but
definitely like it it's very pretty
it matches a scene that you're making
everything better you making it all
better do you love it do you love her
they don't back back to her back to your
lover yeah oh man okay we're gonna make
a video I'll go make a video like okay
we're gonna get video Michael make a
video oh you're the I poked in
the eye
come on alright let's go you leave
places to go people to see you're not be
able to see but we do have places to go
you want to change it before yeah do you
want to change it beforehand well
actually didn't mean it
like um it it was kind of phrase doing
what I do all the changing I do most
yeah
they say 90% of changing is done by me
and 100% of the feeding is done by you
Xena hasn't yet to participate you have
eight nips whichever can put them to use
so funny remember yesterday you were
saying that agency along with it was
like and I don't know like I'm not a
thing or anything so Santa crap it's
done like that and a Cena started like
panicking like what's going on make it
stop
you know load because she responded well
to it when I was singing along with that
she did seem to mind wasn't really what
do my god I'm thinking when you bought
it
take him on your buck small bit of a
small bit of a traffic issue here in
Douglas I think this is the Robertson
passage it's causing yeah it's causing
all of this on our passage strike it in
Rajasthan you know it's a petrol station
okay just it's never-ending hope we
don't have to go back that way anytime
in the next few hours
what you witness today do you mean
you're exploding crazy nips Nina had a
fountain near his boobs not a fountain
before but you just never were around
and then like I saw happening and I was
like oh my god I need because you're
actually there this year all crime I'm
sorry I thought it Oh funny situation
turned off the camera but anyways so um
sometimes a leak but then other times I
actually like there's it's like a
whopper to describe it as like a
fountain
yeah if you were lying there like a hose
like if you're hosing something down and
this is what happened like this little
stream of just like milk and like
spewing out of my boob but like yeah it
was like going like a fountain and it's
crazy it's so weird I know you have no
control I had to change my tank top and
then because it got drenched like soaked
with milk
it just was pouring and I think that's
cuz she was crying cuz apparently who
knew if your baby your baby know if
other babies even oh if babies are
crying you start to like my god am I on
the load of like postpartum women were
around in the home and all these babies
are fighting to be all squirting milk
everywhere yeah it's weird
so I'm look I'm actually so happy that I
got you to see it this time because
usually it happens and I'm like on my
own or something really oh crap I can't
share it I'm sure this is peg yeah I
know you put your finger and stop it
nothing going there walk over there with
the doggies little hats falling off
there the delicate process coming the
baby Oh No
no it's the stupid thing
my Lisa dogs are getting a run yeah it's
okay I'm sorry about this stupid stupid
path the stupid bumps stupid dumpy path
now I have the rowdy bunch come on rowdy
bunch come on let's go let's go a little
adventure just you know the Sun there's
no Sun in this guy now so he'll look
like this opposer walk around with my
sunglasses but seriously there was like
burning the Sun my eyes were on fire
Thursday I don't know if that's a
condition who can have fiery eyes but
seriously I had her actually at the
checkout it's like I might a devil L
Dubois bro dans la bro
debut from Diablo she okay
now
the delicate balance trying to keep
everybody happy
come on come on oh you've got yourself
tangle teased that's being called puppy
power
Kelly come on
no no tangling so tangling aloud it's
here but see what's the brake horsepower
now oh no it's a it's brake multis power
actually the to to pick Rusty's where
come on guys shhh
phase two level two oh goodness this is
troublesome this Lane please whoa look
how the sky is really cool tonight it's
dude look it's like a patches of blue
with patches of navy hello welcome to
Old Navy who now it's spooky dark spooky
dark a now it's bright again bright to
light so I've been sent off on oh god no
I just forgot my phone because the list
the list of things that jofi must
achieve in his life or pawn device so
excited tonight I've avoided trying to
look at Twitter ish today because I was
like I don't want to see spoilers I
don't want to see spoilers what's the
what happened to Deborah what happened
to dare what happened Dexter oh my god
and homeland season 2 episode 1
to remember the way season 1 ended oh my
god I'm such a TV person you know and
also people are like film movies like
you love watching films all the time we
don't watch that many movies we watch a
lot of TV shows like all the TV shows I
don't know it just TV shows are like a
movie that goes on for a couple of years
you know what I mean like the story
progresses over a couple of years
whereas the movie is like 90 minutes or
you know 120 minutes or something like
that and it's over and I always feel
like yeah but I'd like more talking
about my need to know what goes on
that's why I like a bad show that's why
I forgot the velocities longest-running
movie in the history of the world
probably not because I know an old
Sheamus and a Charlie 10 up yet
Charlie and Sheamus I bought both today
today and they just blew the minute we
stuck them in I got 60s so I'm gonna try
40s
42 the 69 30 names mean
oh wait that's 40s there okay I'm gonna
get one in there try one edge I bought
them like nearly four euros each and put
one in boom they weren't in boom I was
like oh my god it's just right there and
it flew like that it was very painful
Oh God
Christmas doc is in
so time to vote make them so cheap and
so tempting yourself oh my goodness it's
October we have selection boxes Santa
Claus Santa Claus in October brilliant
have you looked over first oh my God
look
it's the last one the last one where is
our fiendish fan season last year
it's not here yet but I bet they will be
here at the orange
I know so it was bad but like I find it
so hard to stay awake sometimes during
the day and I got sprite theater Dana
I'm having a glass of eternity Daniels
like oh my god it's so much better I'm
actually awake so I'm like all right
this one here look sugar-free calorie
free I don't believe anything can be
countered free 1% is tree calories I
probably look super dodgy but gym rat
car that we were talking about that I
was supposed to see today well he rang
me didn't come in today and then he rang
me at about 5 or 6 News like oh look
that's come in now so I was here for you
see tomorrow and I was like awesome but
then I was just up here and I was like
can I can I see it
but um I don't think I can actually see
it unfortunately which sucks so I was
like oh my god just do a swing bite I
don't swing by see if I can uh wait you
said it I think that might actually be
it over there I don't look on Oh I don't
look too dodgy you know climb it over a
wall and everything yeah no I see that's
it over there is he I don't know we did
this last time we're in here and there
was a car pulled up we were like oh
that's probably it there you know I am
done we're looking in the window and
everything in the car and then someone
walked over to it just as we're kind of
walking away and you're like oh yeah
it's a walk sounds like and opens the
car like there to go and we're like oh
my god we're lucky inside someone's car
well I think that's it over there I
could see the Reg I'd be able to know
the new you guys ever do this before
quite like Daiichi now and you get Oh my
lad got you here
oh nice all right it's got here who's
the prettiest baby in the world who is
it
and I will give you a clue are you
putting your hand up you're so vain you
probably think this blog is about you
don't you don't you so I'm a bit of a
situation here
this littlefoot's is here the settle
forces here needs to be eaten how do you
feel about that and you feel about me
eating your foot you have a problem
eating your foot I'm going to ear put
okay you ready there goes oh oh did you
feel about that
nothing you'd be good you should work
for like this books or something you
will never make me talk face Michael
Phillip where's the microfilm mm-hmm
there's the microfilm where's the
microfilm she doesn't seem to know how
to microfilaments let's put you in some
bedtime clothes pink pants because you
drooled all over those and don't look
something that says very bye-byes I'm
gonna check the second pile oh what's
this one
oh yeah my daddy is funny I think this
one I hope this one still fits you cuz I
like this one because apparently your
daddy is funny did you get the vest wet
at all no seams okay oh the blue line
means changing is needed see the yellow
line I know if you guys have them in
different countries but in Ireland
pampers we have the yellow line is good
the blue line is bad all right let's get
that changed
mmm-hmm and we're done and you may say
to yourself
Joe fee that is not good that is 41
because as we are putting that on what
did we do you learn tell them you want
to tell them all right would I tell them
yeah
I'm so funny as we were putting it on
there was like a little fan was already
a fountain with girls it's more of just
that a puddle appears in a peering
puddle it seriously how many vests do
you go through it's crazy
okay might you go to isn't then in then
but anyway you're almost too big for
these I'm gonna miss these they're gone
the little duckies too cute
what are you two cute are you - cute do
it be like a Benetton baby be a bandit
on baby oh you're a bandit on baby
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of there's a Coney Jolie's and
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
