good morning better deal huh
what's the you bring in the garden
inside is that your plan is it your plan
is to plan
Oh big stretch we doing guys huh well
doing it's just so cute
they're so cute looking guy so you know
the difference between eBay and movies
it's got a pink guy yeah
it's so cute waiter cut natty I look so
similar now it's actually sometimes well
this is obviously Theo and that's
obviously Bianca but Nevaeh our new visa
look at them a cup we're just gonna call
him the twins now Ian Xena he's mad do
you guys want to come now do you guys
want to come down come on you coming
down to what you do don't for you two
it's an open-ended invitation you little
peckerwood this is probably why he's not
coming in it's Bianca's call well I need
to vacuum this up I suppose huh okay
today day one of the coffee breakfast
hello I am a barista and welcome to my
Barstow
I'm not stealing your toys you think I'm
stealing his toys and that signature
choice
basking in the Sun just basking away
there no one little little light no no
you look at the window mmm I'm gonna
look did you see what's out there
um I just think it's the same it makes
that a lot happier like which comes down
especially she's got I mean the upset
just feeding her himself and she gets
like stressed if she comes down he has
it in a mess so can you make the
marriage last longer
mmm it does the coffee and that's no
milgrain no that is just the way the
coffee goes to it Aramis maybe a love
heart you've already got a little
stencils with low hearts isn't it so
cool it's like a real coffee talking to
me yesterday we're just about to walk
out the door every night oh no all over
all over too close so we gotta change
the clothes you're such a little
just as we're about to leave never
getting out of here
we're trapped here for life Nene's
newborn anymore yeah it's the tough one
all right what to put her in he's a mini
saucony Jolie ballroom this existed okay
so this is a no-go we're trying to put
her in to another outfit just as
important but just as you put her in it
she's caught up a little bit but um
because we're trying to go we're trying
to leave but Jonathan listen are you
open look look well how open that is I
don't understand what you did there what
I did there like
but I'm in charge it's okay I think they
knew now these are too big for her yeah
but dude I was too small she's like yeah
she's in between sizes for everything so
annoying noise for everything look happy
done hurt you can put a hand in oh my
god okay here hey your something in her
stomach here alright I got a cute thing
for her as well actually we've got a
couple of options there's this one and
then there's this one I can like this
even though it's blue for boys we got
this before we knew that she was a girl
well I don't care I think it's cute it's
from Baby Gap
so plus it has doggies on and like she's
gone off the donkey theme so I think
we're gonna do that one alrighty huh
what do we think of this little
Christmas attire you're in there
somewhere somewhere huh now are you
ready to go can you know can you work
with us on this one okay who cares at
that age boys and girls are the same
thing dun dun see you later will you
mind the house okay - Emilia okay we're
back later I am just I just started
using
lick coat stuff that I got in last
month's classy box it's basically it
looks like a nail polish where you put
it on your lips on your over your
lipstick and it goes to help your
lipstick last like all day so even if
you eat something even if you drink
something it's supposed to keep it on
what about kissing boys same thing yeah
yeah so I tried it I didn't use it like
all month long because I wasn't really
wearing lipstick you know I didn't that
wasn't really my concern this month cuz
yeah I don't really and everything so I
used it this morning it burns your lips
it like seeps into every little line and
like core of your lips and just like
birds so that was the first thing second
thing was I don't know I'm not sure if I
like it it kind of made my lipstick
don't really like something it does feel
like
kind of stuff on there so it feels like
my lipstick will stay all day but I just
I don't know it's very strange it's a
very strange product I don't know if I
would use it like every day maybe for
like special occasions because I do I
find a weird as well those products is
that rubber thing that burns you or
something yeah it's kind of like Club
burn since that it does burn your lips
it's weird and then I was gonna film my
GlossyBox video today but like I just
never have time for him to the water
before yeah we haven't done anything yet
we haven't left are you seeing at the
vlogs but I upload it for sharing and
about maybe 10 or and Evan yeah now it's
like I used to film on my videos that
like job to get everything done like and
get everything done log posts written
everything by like midday now it's just
like I don't I don't know about you I
hope I get up by 6 and like I just feel
like every single thing I do I have to
allocate time to feed as well because
you know that's like my job right now
like I nobody else can do it like today
we're friends yeah
I had her on me she's crying but then
she just kind of fell asleep and I was
like just go just go and just do
you want to do whatever you want to do
right now I'll corrupt my hair yeah it's
like okay I may as well and then I
curled my hair and then I was like where
am I and like I'm not even doing
anything did any of those works curling
my hair for so you guys better
appreciate it it's here - okay what's
that it will see me so anyways we're
going to look at a car look at another
car well cuz the one we saw I really
liked it and everything but then I am
learning to drive I'm mark my words okay
because I've been saying it for like the
longest time this will be like this will
be the video you know like when you go
back to the pregnancy you want a couple
you guys made up montages and it usually
starts at me and Tesco go like now
nobody freak out with the pregnancy this
will be the one where - like you know
cake this bit of you saying like mark my
words I'm going to dare to drive I mean
saying it for a while but anyways I
seriously am because one thing is
because I have a median am so on right
that's like for NATO's to school no I
just want to be able to like take her
places and do you think it's not even
for me I don't even care about me I just
care more about her but anyways it's
funny though cuz my mom didn't know how
to drive when she had me
or Emma she only learned like after we
moved back to Ireland she got hurt her
driver's license I think I think that's
how it works
she never got it in America so I had a
mom when I was little that didn't drive
we just walked everywhere and we lived
in the States which was even more rare
rare what happen yeah so anyway all that
aside
yesterday's car the car we saw the other
day it wasn't automatic and I really
want to learn automatic Irie don't want
to learn manual so yeah I know some
people are gonna be like you're such a
wimp but
I'm scared enough as it is I just think
let me just simplify things for myself
and learn automatic instead because for
me like this car that we're looking at
will eventually become your car and I'll
probably end up buying something else
myself later on you know so I'd rather
get an automatic like how pointless
would it be if we got a car and then oh
yeah I can't drive it like that would be
stupid and then with I don't really see
the point in having two cars right now
because I think that whatever we do we
kind of do it together you know we both
have the same kind of job like it's just
there's no need for us to have two cars
right now anyways just for the lifestyle
that we have so if we have one car it's
better both of us can actually drive it
get this one here this thing oh it's a
spare to go hungry Brian or something
yeah I think it's like the new version
beyond vogue or something evoke yeah
there's that this one over here which is
our practical forgetting to school
frankly don't forget in the school what
do you think you mean it look she had
she fit in there perfectly we could get
em we could get another ten dogs and
still have enough room for everyone
the thing is pretty cool again how could
you
so we drove seven billion miles no just
to come here because Nina like the last
time okay it's not what any anyone we
were in thatin point we drove the little
island just to go to cast a copy because
the heart and soul never come
as lecture with the copying us even yeah
my hi every one of those tough machines
always gonna tell her like hey I'm a
barista I'm gonna have an at-home
barista
I don't know Hawaii autocorrect that is
wrong you got another owner damn oh yeah
so I think I might have found the card
ever gonna get for anything is the car
wasn't there
how do I love it I like the guide the
sales guy we just we're just chatting
about it neither oh my god it's away cuz
I'm there like servicing in putting at
UNCG I think in English you call it MOT
in America you just don't even have it
but em yeah so it's gonna be there on
Monday cuz he looked at all the options
for like Amelia all the dogs me and you
and it's definitely it's the one
originally I thought like all you have a
tenant are like that's stupid like you
know and then we looked around I think
it is possible
I'll let you know on Monday so Tuesday
feel better but give the kid picks
follow us on Twitter / tipping and then
just go ahead and make yourself coffee
by the way do you guys watch Parks and
Rec
this copy you reminded me Glasper just
like the regular and the scene is like
ginormous right put see right where
letters do is print pastas and tax on
soda wasn't it the size of the drinks
what was the first one called
was it just all a small but it was like
a gallon do you not have courage like oh
we also have the option of easier water
zero is right because there's zero water
in it I have a small hug did the one go
for something a shot yeah but that's a
small then she took the regular what
wasn't alright it was called like I'm
the one over somewhere like the infinity
the meanings like two gallons yeah and
if you have to travel sites she's like
because a research has shown you can
actually fit a small child into the cup
tickets
what are you in this way colorful a
sarcastic that's regulars at home where
I was like
so look she looks so cute in there I put
a little bow on her did I show you guys
Monica
well one here's to make her look more
like a girl cuz it was worried she was
looking like a boy mhm
even though red is not it's like Beauty
sex but she looks cute those bows by the
way everyone has been asked me where
those bows are from there actually think
they're from Walmart because I think
it's faded glory which I think this
Walmart so I didn't actually get them
they're from James and Megan on YouTube
or Meghan in G so anyways they sent them
I think it to us I think that's great
but I'm yeah so they're from America
sorry
I think the pumpkin patch has them so
anyways I really want to get a Filofax
today because I want some place to
organize like everything like in one
place it's not mixing at the moment I
have things ordered like I have
different apps on my phone and I'd like
the calendar app have lists so I have
like a shopping list app of like loads
of different stuff but it's all over the
place and then I have like a agenda type
shape
at home which is a physical object where
it keeps like you know finance stuff
like you know all that kinda thing and I
just want somewhere to put everything
together like in one place
also because since having a Meany I just
like everything was like all over the
planets that they don't have like a
routine anymore I know that's normal and
we'll get back to that but I need like I
need a routine that kind of person so
we're getting a Filofax today
Dolphy I cake hey I don't hear anybody I
know Oh
he's all wet at the bank on your sleeve
my little Christmas baby in there
thank you
put your handle you wanna me
it's a straighter point Gary Busey yeah
success lunching yeah yeah I think so
is it pink yeah your lipstick point
drives all the boys to the yard and
they're like it's better than mine
oh waiting carriage locked oh yeah a
little not be packing what happen oh
that's not the car today wasn't it yeah
hi I've got a me me a mommy I'm the baby
on board one mommy one baby I expecting
my mommy and baby slots I bet you
they're all taken oh my god there's a
motorbike others what a careful
oh there's a motorbike parked on the
mommy and baby thing okay
oh look guys there's our new car they
just decided to app they decided to just
line it up there for us yeah that's nice
I can't take it home right now so if you
just want to mind it from me for the
weekend and I will come pick that up
thanks a lot I think thanks a lot
appreciate that okay so we have to just
dump the trolley cuz I got her trained
goodies and turning our black ones and
we need a pink one
okay you can get a black boy I love ice
your peak is like your brand brand
Association take them kopecki cheese
Nick
I know I'm singing over pretty clear you
know a nowadays you can screw into a
Kodak King and put it in a card and
print the pictures right wouldn't it be
cool if you could actually just go in
and like log into your social networks
like Instagram for example and then just
like cleaned up all your instagrams yeah
I get to learn oh no and I print up all
your Instagram pictures
Oh paper up the envy two years just stop
tell everyone you love me
but today there's like two years two
years
no look at this great oh yeah I don't
know what is to get its prey up your
nose and you feel about that yeah for
sore nipples and cracked skin mm-hmm
that there's more biggest me yet that's
kind of crap seem like a Mongo size one
was even bigger than that
that was one across the road from and CH
you can ask to grab a big one but
already there ain't no in the Carmen
pharmacy
living here
no itami keepers but that didn't work
out very well so takes you long do you
wanna see to have an electronic pump
they look an electric pump pump out hand
proven electric breast pump and there's
no pictures of it working one supposed
to probably wouldn't make its boobies I
don't know of any better
you guys have an electric pump yeah I
didn't some comments do you think so you
know what Amelia really needs one
direction weird direction there's only
one direction
oh good I can get a pencil case you can
get a bag and gave you one you don't
want it okay we got to keep moving
we gotta keep moving sorry there's only
one direction so we're gonna go to Devon
and check out the Revlon
dear mr. Revlon you need to find a new
distribution aren't available anywhere
is disgraceful I Neeson's a nice and
sort of thing this is quite an eventful
day
storytime
this is so expensive and so on nice over
the top this one has a calculator for
you doing your sums what could you paint
one red one nice find
it's a nice one isn't it
yeah let's talk to you big you actually
fit that in there huh mic is off you
look like you're looking at something
super exciting
this one is Indian time no I know
we danced assorted grooves and stuff on
him mmm the classic oh wait this is okay
this is more expensive
well that's just Italian leather that
one is 71 years and that one's 100 euros
maybe get the hundred-year one which is
probably better is it just the latter
same difference hmm who's gonna walk
around the shop a bit there keep Emilia
quiet cuz if he stays in one place for
too long she kind of wakes up that's
probably where you see parents walking
around shops and stuff they're probably
just trying to calm their kids down
that's it
fun creamy muck oh my god they make
cleaning fun
we found it I found it eventually never
we've been looking for you for so long
where have you been Revlon which toes
I've seen a turn the tree point turn
hoho you land a very point turn someday
they are the not fun part of driving
left in the dust my car is a drifter I
can do drifting in this one got
four-wheel drive what have you got so
even for the revs ah the juices more
like powers can at the back you know are
yours is a convertible mine doesn't even
have a roof you want turkey or chicken
take piggy diced breasts
turkey it's not like a lot it's gonna
get tricky minutes okay
they don't want to mince my words haha I
can't stop that I can't stop you just
look I can't stop you I should wake up
I just keep walking around make sure if
you needed to make up she's kind of
stirring a little bit
these circles Renji
but look at this right to get that part
right this is really interesting look
I don't know I get the micro right this
is us okay
does it say no it doesn't say what they
did was right
look at the difference between that's us
I don't know like a year ago I think it
was about a year ago
look it's difference now oh my goodness
like all my working on is definitely
paid off oh my god I was such a slob
whoaa hello mr. handsome oh my goodness
so yeah having a baby definitely um
that's so weird
that's so cool oh just kind of urged me
on to keep on going and then look at me
now I don't like the Internet well yeah
as on DM today's am watching my college
Irish Daily Mail dinner dinner time it
is cam I'm going to cook dinner instead
of ordering dinner
okay gonna make a stir-fry stir-fry
chicken and I'm gonna make it in like 10
seconds hey ready check this out I
should probably give it a second
Hadouken just just to be sure
Kido Keys that's pretty good oh I need a
sauce sauce hmm nice hmm I need to get
the sauce to appear in there somehow
please this is pretty handy Oh hmm I go
into noodles to cook swapper oh oh cool
this is really handy what else can I
make this do huh oh my god put a cool
picture at the end and save anything
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
why you guys doing here huh if it was
over the edge sleepy went and everything
only there truly dedicated will see the
end of this video
everyone else is probably kicked off
ages ago in a secret Club you should
tweet me and tell me you're in a secret
Club and leave a comment below and say I
was in the secret Club I never any
people are in the secret Club but
