hmmm so cute yes she likes the water
he's so cute you look like a little
Eskimo in there mmm the gate little
Eskimo mmm are you flipping me off
no he's flipping me off
it's the morning after the night of
terror huh little terror huh with a
little action wasn't bad in the night
you look like you were at an all-night
grade you know I didn't even shower last
night I just didn't take off my makeup I
didn't even take I just slept naked and
put on clothes I was just like a wreck
headaches nice it's weird
come on crinkly oh yeah just throw it I
didn't even get a chance to blow-dry it
yesterday just threw it up in a pond
hmm gonna be better today or today we're
gonna do it all over again would you
reckon oh hopefully reach out whatever
it was pretty good cuz we ain't
particularly bad yeah that's one day
that was the first thing we've ever done
that way yeah well more for you not for
me
yeah and um other than that I've been
eating really healthy mmm that was the
first time we ordered Domino's yeah
maybe she had too much see I think that
maybe she got all the sugar which is
fine then yesterday she's having like a
withdrawal from all the sugars so like
if you eat healthy mmm it's fine and
keeps a baby it gives the baby out you
eat you wonder where you eat like huh
and then she just reacts like that and
I'm like oh my god what am I done
we're living on lettuce I honestly think
that's what happened cuz even you know
Kirstie does that like she changed her
diet all the time she kept altering it
to keep Anika happy and I think the way
I was eating as well when I was you know
the whole way usually for breakfast
waiting for the pregnancy exactly I know
obviously she's just used to healthy
food so the next time we'll schedule in
a fun party day for when she's finished
best feeding in a year any years time
okay or I can have fun party day you
could just wanna I just I just like here
in moderation back to your whims nice a
cake a day sorry you don't get no sugar
you don't get no sugar ain't no sunshine
and my lips are wrong she's being like a
monster now I tried expressing those
like that much I just don't see how it's
worth it then no I'm like take so long
yeah I mean I know he had an electric
one but sounds bird what a waste of
money then we just spent money on like
that one and it's like we're not even
using it like I know I get it for like
emergencies or way to go somewhere
whatever but it takes a while like a
long one weird for like maybe half an
hour we got a good meal two minutes 60
60 ml and and we put on I gave it to her
you saw yesterday game was your
yeah just go go go one shot like it was
like down the hatch yeah Oh God
and then there's a purple splodge on one
of my boobs
yeah I don't know what it and it's the
knots or boob so I think it's bloodshot
it looks like a bruise it looks like a
bruise but it doesn't hurt the cracked
one my right one is the one that hurts
still and the one that she's feeding on
like she has to be done now because it's
fuller
because I alternate and then the one the
good one
I just yesterday you just saw this
purple like this big about things like
that size purple bruise looks like what
the hell
falling apart I know we've got the
broken boob in the crack boom oh so it's
just really oh it's weird it doesn't
hurt like it when I push it it doesn't
it's not like a bruise that way I think
it's a hickey like I love like I think
really like that song yeah like she's
sucking the side here I go I already
caught it and broke it like your PJs
though you're so cute and for some
reason I think she looks really like you
today presented that day okay I'm gonna
go in you're popular footsies I hope
these know cuz they're really like big
girl pj they've got no footsies now
you're gonna have that and blog keep the
editor son you can help that as the
blonde white you're about bottom girl
bill bottom girls you make the record
world go around
this is my process for editing i have
the serie kind of a wedged against my
chest so she can't spit it out because
when she spits it out she has just like
where did you get that happen to know
kind of scream your call cannot be
answered your home cannot be changing at
this moment I please leave your message
after the time what's so funny it's like
the voicemail come here hmm Oh Z lets me
do chess wedge I'll call this technique
the chest wedge TM Dobie right by Jordan
fill in the back you say Oh too much oh
yes miss little Missy knew as I was
changing her if I didn't pee all over
herself which padded into the sort of a
pool underneath her did not realize all
right dad what do you think they said
now you're saying it's all of them
Ted Ted you let me down here Ted Ted Jim
Becker all right
all right head it is what is it is it
you cooled serious
oh all right let's give it a go oh um I
think that's okay I think we'll go with
that okay
hmm we like in bad time they make bad
time hmm
you're so cute yes she likes the water
is it fun Oh No is that kid mm-hmm yeah
I'm gonna go horsies hi hi there you're
so cute you look like a little Eskimo in
there hmm
look a little Eskimo mm-hmm are you
flipping me off
I always flipping me off yep and flipper
mm-hmm OoT diva daddy look at the space
boots on space boots on Mama's probably
gonna take them off later on no for a
moment we get the space boots on get it
done mm-hmm so cute they're like your
first pair of Uggs
huh dangly thing Oh who's that no not
yet Oh No
what's up oh they have a leafy situation
holes are brown all the leaves are brown
this guy in the crown rhymes oh good all
my brothers over and look I was just
coming to a situation this morning where
no it does it look
morning Ramla morning growler you know
what that reminds me of and you guys
back to the day when you say morning
Rolla
or bagel slicing be dyslexic Biggles
lesson all day long I just made up a
song I know some of you reviewers are
like oh god peas went everywhere
case of crap pronto Gunn crab oh oh yeah
so we wormed all the dogs this morning I
don't want another dog this morning so
and we're trying to do it at least once
a month especially cuz the media is here
now I think it's important today because
before when I meet it wasn't here we
kind of do it like it'd be like two or
three months they let the back dealers
but we figured with the infantile in the
house good tile we would have we would
do it every day every week yeah so I'm
going to nip off now I'm gonna go to the
PIO box and then I may try and get the
cattle if you're trying to buy a cat
with like two weeks when does it go back
to normal when Des Moines doesn't winter
every morning we're like okay this
little list of things we're gonna do
today let's do it okay if we get one of
those things done
we applaud ourselves we clap we
celebrate but normally we get half of
one of them done we haven't watched shot
roof you just find take a stand so
because every time we're like let's all
go to Tesco great okay we're going down
in a few minutes
oh we got a feeder okay Craig Oh feeding
is finished great come on let's go oh
wait we got to change our okay to
changing son okay great changing his
dogs go on we got a burp for now oh no
she's named she's vomiting all over it
would change her clothes
okay change of clothes vomit
let's go ohso me again oh crap now we
got a feeder okay so a feeder get on
there she's good again she said oh god
no he's just fed all over trust me
there's tons of you there's a patent
simply it doesn't actually the machine
she's totally worth it I love her she's
deadly but um yeah keep don't get
anything done at all watch out
shut up I'm gonna try down did you named
my fish cakes one for each one each one
each and then I'm gonna nip no even like
I was like oh yeah I sent the card I'm
probably alone for a while because I
think at the time it was just like feel
so lucky that we actually managed to do
that yesterday but I am you know can you
pay box in two weeks it's on like that
and then oh well I don't know if it's
here throw my leg right here but I'm
Canon have invented a new camera it's
one of the one I use for the vlog is
called an exit to 20 HS and then it's
the only one of their range that has 24
P which is to do with the amount of
frames you can get 60 P and 50 P and 30p
with 24 P is how they do fill them it's
to do with the flow of motion the motion
for see when I move in your eyes or like
hey you know that 24 frames per second
soothe soothes my eyes that's what's
going on right now
so 24 P at 1080p for progressive footage
um 32 new one this is 12 megapixels they
have sent me a 20 megapixel oddities but
it may not be there so I'm Polly with my
time talking Metis
blah blah blah
judge bunny I smell like baby food I
smell like a baby that smell every time
I'm away from her and stuff I not like
especially when I paid her this morning
and that smell of like BB water I don't
know that's a thing baby water but it's
like I can smell her she's everywhere
she's everywhere she's everywhere she's
all over me but at least now the
pleasant pleasant it's very old
I notice a line in the comments you know
because I still do read them a contrary
to popular belief I do read all of your
comments and your tweets and your
Facebook's and all that malarkey darkies
he's still reading cuz I love you guys
I created this I created this channel
and I'd be wanting to get into YouTube
because it's a community and it's
exciting and it's fun and I really enjoy
reading your comments when you guys are
saying how much you know makes me happy
and something as a king yeah I know yeah
I'm down I don't know Becker's but like
what you gonna do anyway what I wanted
to say was that M I noticed that W
people have said you know it's a ten so
but I don't kind of upsets her a bit you
know just like I am I'm like and it's
like a really good mom and I know it
might seem sometimes in the vlog that I
spend a lot of time with Amelia it's
more because you know this is my channel
you know the 50 V was set up by me and I
started vlogging and for the first while
like I don't was hard even in them
anyway and then you know obviously as
this gone by she's got more comfortable
and then she seeing them all the time
and it's kind of I call it this like
auntie Joyce on our Channel but at the
core like it's my channel I recorded
videos I upload videos ahead the videos
I do everything and you know and it's
just part of it's kind of like the blogs
about my life and my wife and then my
kid and someone anyway so it might look
like you know I'm spending all this time
when millions of which I am you know I
just think that it isn't one-sided at
all
you know like anna has to feed the baby
all the time you guys don't see that and
that is hard on her because her porno
you know she's in a lot of pain you know
because it can be quite hard on her body
and hard on herself and you know she
wants to be the best mom possible I
think she is the bloody best mom
possible you know and like you don't see
the night times you don't see all the
time that she spends with her so you
know I just want to make sure that you
guys understand like Anna's an amazing
mom and I'm so proud of her you know cuz
we both never done this before you know
and I finding myself sometimes I don't
even know what's going on
you know I just anas like such a trooper
and in terms of because we opted for
defeating you know the breastfeeding I
can't do it I can't help you we tried
doing the M expressing last night just
to see you know as I cook maybe just now
maybe I can relieve you of some of your
like you know stress and stuff you know
but talk about 40 minutes and all we got
was like a tiny you know it just it
takes so long to get anything out of it
and then me just like guzzle sat down a
few seconds it's like oh my goodness you
know we just kind of just kind of you
know motor on true it you know but I
love my wife my wife loves me also
contrary to belief we love each other
hey gay for love woo
what's love got to do it boy saying does
that suggest that love is let's do I
don't know trophy trophy 12 dogs huh
I'll shave off York comes out or off the
dot I started off for jobs 11 javadocs
escuela oh my goodness forgive your
mother stopped me my was like um do you
have a wheelbarrow handy it was like we
were right oh my goodness guys as it
happens you don't go to the Popo box
boop-boop box I hope the cameras in
there somewhere I'm no idea there's so
much stuff he knows awfully s could I be
cool 20 minutes 20 megapixels 20 I don't
even know what I look like I should stop
talking about it because I might even be
in there there is this sort of a black
seal box they do that a lot when they're
doing product
stuff before it's kind of released I
gotta send a gene like special black
boxes sounds very covert I feel like mi5
when I go in like check up check one two
going in and you guys watch spooks
I love spooks I wish they'd bring spooks
back you know what's great though all
the good Americano shows are back whoa
we got the office up all night Parks and
Rec persons of interest is back I don't
even know if anyone watches that but I
do I like it I like it a lot what else
we got
30 rock isn't back yet don't know what
the delay is don't you want to get on
that okay I like that I missed that
I'm so happy to renew the office of each
and every episode is so pointless it
doesn't even mean anything anymore but
it's like I just I don't care I don't
care I just I like watching the nard dog
and everyone just bring Michael back and
then we'd have a foot he hasn't really
done anything since leaving the office I
think you should just come back okay
nobody look nobody you mind no buddy of
mine just come back and of course Leslie
Knope I love this hell of all of them I
love everybody I love you guys you're
going to get this next question hmm
it is staying here little place my
future below was this
Oh Oh everyone's talking about Deana
ds1 business press oh but do they make
expresso do they make like normal copies
as well I'll give to get actual capsules
Oh
this is what I got look DeLonge nice
it's got a little coffee thing because I
had the actual thing in its what I was
after
oh look somebody set me am savviness
husband ever who I was like what oh look
I was actually burning around and it
came from Germany and that's the actual
box of the camera did actually come
let's uh get out of here let's get back
to the family
oh thank you
Oh
seven Luxy let's have a look-see oh my
God look at the back oh my god there's
nothing there
ooh oh is it taker ah a little bit tick
you're not ready we go on macro 16
megapixels oh well it still owes is
thirty twelve look X is - 4 th Full HD
look at the back door that's way cooler
well I don't know how you actually press
record compared to the other one the
same it's so funny right it's a say oh
no it's a new battery charger but is it
the same type of oh I was about to say I
have other 15 of these batteries it
could be just a different colour
it looks like a different battery which
is cool maybe it's a longer battery life
as well but I wanna check this bad boy
out
I don't understand there's no record
button there's no play button right in
this rook or just play button and there
but just record button on this one it's
kind of hard to show you side by side
but looks like that screen oh my
goodness is huge compared to the other
one that's it let's test I'll do a test
later on okay stuff to do right now
gotta open it cuz in the sheen and make
a copy to look cuz this is the one I
want nobody can she put the coffee in
make a proper coffee machine make her
place in if they lock them into place
and to do something like this and then
we'll see you steam it
she said yeah this is like a steamer you
gonna make the lattes but neither of us
drink lattes so we won't be using that
good water so you know idea because the
coffee goes into a tank and turn coffee
and turn on water and is it all yet
screech I like it's got the two little
things so oh you know it doesn't fit it
doesn't fit my big cup no doesn't oh
wait this is thing what's that for
ah bingo that thought was the how it
works I'm assuming absolutely no idea
what this party is for I'm probably
completely wrong in this as well but um
so we received so many cards and stuff
that I know normally I read out the
cards provided to read out all these
cards and the entire block will be
reading cards so thank you so much to
everybody
that sent and the 10th stuff that's kind
of cool you can see all your stuff here
we really appreciate we read every
single card and your letters and
everything I'm just you know I'm just
good look okay I was one of them here
look this is cool look that she was made
a little like storybook and stuff added
them boy down thank you so much we read
them all we really appreciate you guys
just if I had to read them all out like
this entire video would be just me
reading cards so I'll give you all
there's a hug a card hug oh thanks so
much guys you guys are awesome all right
it doesn't actually fit like it doesn't
fit there Trey normal cook
you put thing underneath it fits like
that but when you add the thinker
because it's made more for like that you
know like less
I could chosen about this fella doesn't
fit at all
go ahead am this out whatever okay so
huh
cookie you guys are holding on
matching this camera broke straight have
no other cameras oh wait
safety warning okay oh this is white
light why why don't you
right it's just a douche let's get some
crap at it in wrong oh god stop it ice
and take cutback put in there and
switch to my copy essentially we keep a
copy going to reply
I don't
you should get tough people you should
all god no oh god no it's me can I
decide now halt halt production crunch
continue
yeah I didn't lock the thing properly
okay good
this also boils at hot water if you want
tea yeah you can just turn on water mode
just don't put coffee in it and boom
you've got boiled water yeah
that looks good
all righty so can I get this out of here
no when you take the thing off oh okay I
can't get thing a hot you guys like you
babies with the doctor that's cool
all right taking out your cup of coffee
don't mind the bits on the side or the
peas for that matter kind of mess that
up
no it looks pretty good face it okay
it's full of stuff because I did it
wrong here to start just waiting for
lobbies to go live and the copy is
really nice once it settle down like got
rid of all the little bits that I
dropped in by mistake and needs up to oh
oh wow look at this how could I found
inside to the PIO box huh I also got a
box for ashay I hate the fire washing
all four of them they were tasty and now
I got some guy lien little there's on
delete and a bit of Dead Island which is
epic oh my god it's so much more only
apps out there also
oh yeah look here look hey I'll do a
proper review thing later on or maybe
I'll I'm charging a battery now but look
right this is basically this is a 220 HS
okay this is the only one to scratch you
on right if you're looking okay pause
so here's basically the difference
between the two of them look so this is
what I'm actually shooting right now
except I have a couple of them so that's
one of them and there is the difference
huh
so look a difference in size don't mine
the M that will table the sound dampener
that's basically for wind you can kind
of see the difference is they look
similar if you look at the actual
grooving the edging of the camera you
can see the difference between that one
and that one again don't mind the fact
that one's rekt and round the buttons
and stuff like that are kind of
different and the biggest thing I
noticed about the theorem it's
definitely dis so this is what I'm
currently using now you see look it's
got the the chord button the microbubble
blah blah blah and then look nothing
just a screen and the big tail that
obviously is the quality which
I will test in a moment so I'll cut to
requite let me just try and record them
so let's just say here here we go I'm
recording my face talking away I'm going
to switch to the other camera now and
see if there's a much of a difference
and this is the new camera what do you
think is there much of a difference that
I will be able to know until later on
because here that else doing I've shown
you there but this is the add the camera
that I was actually holding on my hand a
second ago to 220 it's as relatively new
this one is we have a polymer as you can
see over here a little collection this
as far as I remember this was a 24
million like this this camera here is
like a super wide angle a 24 millimeter
lens pretty sure this was also a 24
millimeter not quite sure what do you
think is too much of a difference I
won't know obviously until i editing it
so i can actually have a look at the
quality difference but a pretty tight
about using it my coffee and my cool
oven
oh yeah yeah look at this oh oh
chicken stir-fry more to Delhi wiki
tikis spinny win each oh you got a
prison today huh huh Vicki's got a
present I didn't get a present I just
rented a shop to get these but out luck
too they grow up so fast because we
noticed yeah I've noticed for a couple
of days we were kind of taking like
eating this way instead nappies are
coming to you small for her because
we've been having her in level one since
we got her and so I was like I'm gonna
knit down and gonna get level 2 which is
true 6 grams or 6 to 13 pounds and I
think she's about 8 pounds now so I'm
time to move on to the new ones which
ones of these are they have elephants as
well
well good cuz I like the little elephant
but uh oh my god just go up so fast hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
big ass
