drove us what are you doing just test
driving a new car what do you guys think
should we get it who do you think that's
it there by the way guys she's not look
at the color of it in the front of it
and everything
you missed the joke I just made it was
hilarious you guys ready are you guys
ready
mmm dropping in all the dogs and Amelia
for the groomers she said she'd do her
look at our crazy
where's our crazy professor look at this
digested this morning so mom's
redressing her now
well I thought it was fun when I put her
in I lift the space boots yeah you know
come on Albie whoa okay you kind of
stick out don't they they're so funny
come on Albie we're gonna go to dinner
it's Deirdre Steve yeah did you go
sleepies Nicky's did you cause maybe you
loved Deirdre you know her and you were
lucky maybe she's gone to Dino's and
she's got a little sausage for you
sometimes two times in a row you want to
add there's a shipwreck home next door I
think the dogs enjoy that why I'm not
the rug it is done you got to go so from
MTV well you need to hold our button
hold it up but don't put your hand there
you know and no one in yellow baby sound
okay it's so cute
there you go you got it in your pop all
right let's get out of here this is
gonna be interesting
yeah this will be interesting pop you
need fun
bianca is that comfortable to sit on
steel oh my goodness oh we're in oh
goodness
Hey so Bianca is obsessed with Emilia
I feel like Bianca is going to be
Amelia's pet yes you aren't you you need
to just kind of leave her a little
thought okay she just wants to like lick
her hand and her face and everything so
we need to be a bit careful
and then newbies is getting pissed off
with everybody this is newbies right
here because she doesn't like being sat
on and Nevaeh is actually the best she's
really really good dog we found that out
last night as well pretty weird having
someone in the back my dream is over I'm
not getting a hatchback sports car this
is over it's gonna be a big Jeep for us
I think yeah I think I think it's a
lifestyle choice when you have six dogs
a baby it is look how obsessed yeah
she's like wants to be with Amelia just
nobody gets sick on me okay I'm sorry I
look like a ghost clown how many rods
are trying to plan and what we can do
today because the dogs are we're saying
we're saying here just like take a few
days if you need it yeah you know oh
look we're already ten minutes late
oh wait you can always blame Hey
are you so worried yeah at least we can
always blame another Mia yeah well it's
just kind of hard cuz like I was trying
to breastfeed and then eat my breakfast
in the back
I'm Jeff I've actually mastered that
breastfeeding while feeding yourself
yeah I didn't get to do my hair so it's
a mess I got to do my makeup in like
speedy times I have no idea what it
looks like it's probably like all over
the place but it's just crazy I actually
feel like doing like filming a makeup
tutorial on the style diet of like
speedy makeup for good recipe to make it
spoils it's impossible though you need
like so much contribute forget the no
mirror makeup challenge that's for
amateurs like yeah I need to try
breastfeeding not me okay Bianca
don't be so obsessive much bigger since
you saw them last and again a lot bigger
yeah almost look inside of tio like
okay Cena yeah name tag so we bring him
in Oh God first time he is sterile yeah
this is your first time in the groomers
she didn't even know that so you do
baking well right yeah
is this a quick quick cut
oh my god I cannot believe that nigga
yeah like that is actually one of the
worst things like a possibly happen no
it's not if she pooped on her and Emilia
had her mouth open when it happened it
shouldn't wake up okay it wasn't like a
full-on like it was like a little
they're kind of right yeah and I was
handing her over to Deirdre and to be
honest I probably shouldn't have handed
like we we shouldn't have done it over
the child the baby but we weren't like
thinking she was just trying to get the
dogs out so that so that like I could
get out with Emilia and like it was so
crazy she just it was like a little
dribble and literally the thing that
came out of my mouth was exactly the
thing that came out of dear does Bethany
was a little teach other words like oh
stop that word camera we both went oh
because we don't know what to do really
no I just clicked into like mommy mode
or like I wipe I have a wife okay so I
just used the water wipe but it was like
you know little triplets like a pee on
her face she's like oh my god
social services need to like take this
child from me right now this is like the
worst thing possible well okay not the
worst thing possible it was one of the
worst things possible to have if you
have like tons of dogs and a baby and
you're trying to be like yeah it's all
cool it's all fine like you don't like
pisses on baby but I was like pious
sterile right it's puppy Pete's all
right drove this what are you doing oh
just test driving a new car I love it oh
my god this is not a this is sexy SUV
family car
or model sporty sporty sporty spice is a
German Volkswagen or GT week yeah I
can't actually
it's not the two around because that was
the hatchback thing that I showed you
it's something else
sorry remember
do you like it oh yeah it's so nice and
Mia's here but I'm in the back with her
cause she doesn't have the ISOFIX on
just a seat belt
this is Eva and we're just not really
sure the car has this this automatic
thing that everything you stop it turns
off yeah and also when a person is in a
car I couldn't figure out to go because
it has this automatic handbrake built-in
room for the dogs in the back oh yeah
all in there that'll be cool
how do you guys feel you're part of the
family
well you probably wouldn't be in the
back like this but no you'd probably be
in the front okay I'm gonna flip up the
visor one care of me now Oh what do you
guys think nice or in the back the back
is there it's tinted in the back as well
no no where's Carl he's like fancy stuff
on it
it's so beautiful so if you're really I
it's like off the road so nice what do
you guys think
should we get it do you want it you want
it you're like I'll take your beanie off
you now and you can drive away with it
today okay and then the whole time I was
like no I don't that drive because this
is the or model yeah you know or sports
model but it's the only woman just like
gunmetal gray stuff but just like way
pepper grey it's so sexy oh my goodness
sorry how do you feel back there yeah I
like Volkswagen but look at it again oh
it's it's like the suede thing you said
you don't really do the letter you know
he's like but you don't worry is what
you don't like it this is like so comfy
no it gets too hot yeah
what does it media like it yeah kisses
space
let's drive down here oh yeah when I was
changing her shoes I know
who do you think that's it there by the
way guys isn't that look at the color of
it in the front of it and everything oh
wait the keys don't work I asked him is
that like why why can I pick my Reg cuz
obviously it's unregistered because it's
brand-new he's like yeah customer says
well her first velour attract sees suede
Nicky peanuts
that's the tree Munter is it yeah she is
getting a lot bigger though
yeah but in the next few weeks I venture
to like you name yeah the doc was saying
that she's growing at a fast rate
he's like concern always like she might
remain with Giants just like Godzilla or
something these are the best because
they grip yeah hard spaceman socks
oh no she wearing space my boots oh you
put the whale
oh yeah no you change your effort I put
on a special effort today there felt
felt yeah yeah pants and then like
quiche done Cousteau grandpa buggies
though YUM look at this thing here you
don't know what's inside of it we're
willing to investigate my battery's dead
own up Jess holy holy holy
hol M home Oh
so I see oh oh
what did he call again oh yeah back in
that doesn't gives me that look that to
the media is gonna look like when she's
growing up there's Emma here's Anna
that's what you're gonna look like you
wanna picture mommy you guys think does
it look like her she do young mm-hmm
come on you're getting heavier by today
hello lady
nice baby lady nice lady baby
she is it look cute I like regular baby
pressures now how much of these
yeah Wow he's so good there's tea oh no
oh my god are so cute yeah yeah the
other two I could get a nice day Joe we
did we left there Wow I wait you look at
like find an SUV a big Jeep because I
then drive here that we can
no no the feet peered yeah oh yeah yeah
yeah oh no it's on her exam her daddy
what new brothers internet straight yeah
he said he's gonna get rid of one we new
to her because we're neutering everybody
we haven't we have enough mini alibied
yeah yeah yeah
Theodore Roosevelt I'll start bringing
the mesh when wet when it's a long
process boobs work I tell me Tippi boobs
waiting well guys we just wanted to test
it out it really is like a boob we did
60 mils takes a while yeah it does well
cuz it's a manual pump as well yeah
that's it right there that's also milk
stains
oh god that's great running out of that
very quickly I'll just have to do it
like all the damage yeah I know
sleep pumping in there it's kind of like
a bonding experience isn't it you kind
of do though you need to express it
maybe I'll do that when we're watching a
TV hmm
tonight I think you can probably store
those this yeah you can't just like me
okay just that
yeah she'll let you know when she wants
it back yeah don't tip it up too far I
know I hate in there I'll go again
look at them all they're so cute and
she's so cute I do have some cute pink
is the only one left to the pub owner
theorizes both she always has the boat
because TOS the one that eats everyone
else's bones and that right is so cute
hmm you guys smells so good you're so
clean and fluffy you smell so good and
you're all so well-behaved
huh if the doors open this is my my new
system see my system it just stops to
get into the front door that's all the
monkey monkey
I will take the toolmaker pio pio GTS
come on mm-hmm oh my goodness
immediately I like his being I wouldn't
say a terror but she's definitely am I
know if she just keeps wanting to feed
isn't she yeah maybe it's cuz she's
gotten older and bigger than my apathy
man and then it's like she wouldn't stop
crying for ages and we finally got our
town stuck in her hair I know I hope
they didn't rub off on to your hair when
I leave her there I know I don't know
where this came from but uh I'll take it
I'm gonna go and get it okay yeah nobody
make me like this don't we go in you
want to go in a little Vinci baby cam Oh
Oh baby cam work may became kind of
works
oh maybe cam kinda works isn't it oh
where becomes gun dark tunnel we're
gonna turn off shore hold on to the
camera for me oh god no oh god no um
this is your captain speaking
we appear to be experiencing some
problems
hmm oh just lighting and we're back back
week's been so okay bit of turbulence
yeah turbulence coming up okay
oh oh nice yeah quickly
mmm small major turbulence caused a bit
of the disruption No okay I'm relying it
means
oh yeah and focus will get a macro mode
Oh camera like this hmm
look at this crowd oh that Gangnam style
um don't have behind you but there's a
pack of wild animals chasing you okay
okay all right
you know he thinks a little rice I get
the rest Dems are the rules
I was harshly putting her in the car
seat and saddening here for about 40
minutes I just like shaking this one
side to side she just won't she just
won't come today yeah yeah she's kept
like all day we're out and everything
like that like a too much or something
right so should we let her sleep way too
much and now she's like cranky so I'm
standing beside the radiator in the car
seat just shaking it from side to side
to come asleep I'm terrified to put it
down cuz I she starts again look at the
two of them in the chair everybody else
is fast asleep you want to risk it you
know what I'm gonna leave what what
happened
Oh
tips will be a good time to share
information hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
