don't create your personal person but
you know anything about the rules of
photoshooting
master bride to put a smile in Photoshop
they smile tool mr. Photoshop smiled
he'll it's a new it's a new tool
so we're on our way to the doctors for
the first time when I media I think I
don't even know if she's getting a an
injection or anything today I'm not sure
maybe it's just like a look over I'm not
sure but it's funny this is the this is
the GP that we went to that Joe I think
was like a 37 weeks or something like
that he said he was like Oh guys this is
goodbye like I'm not gonna see you guys
now you know we're like what remember
we're like oh it was like oh my god it's
like real almost you know when he was
saying that and then and now we're
coming back to him with a baby like hey
Ollie we actually didn't have a baby in
the end it's like full start it's like
the circle of life mullein roti look
along this one is yeah so media ways
that were eating a half well ya know a
big muncher cuz even a nurse yesterday
was like whoa she's put on like tons of
weight I think I think it's it's got
much time grandma lives in Dublin it's
almost time we're gonna conclude you
want to change a poop Obama change mic
so I was just telling my mom that Amelia
slept six hours last night for some
amazing because she I think she fed
lasted about 2 a.m. and then she slept
till 8:00 and she woke up at 8 and then
she fell again and that was it
and I expected her just to wake up at
least once he would eat wakes up it
awaits sick we've also turned the light
off
last night her first night yeah it was
scary scary to see her cuz I get scared
I wanted to be able to see her
- turn she's getting her nappy change by
daddy now who's in there mama and our
doctor said she looked like a little
dolly oh she has lots of Blues in there
I won't show you but yeah that was
amazing and it was really nice for us
cuz we got it yeah so thanks Mia YUM
but unfortunately hunter my little baby
does our burps what does a burp oh right
on cue huh wait uncute another one have
you another one in there for me
oh yeah you start there now you just
wanted to get cold
feeding back feeding mom and changing
dad they get in a boat you know Liam oh
yeah it's probably gonna go cold on how
much daddy's had to run off and Erica oh
oh my god it looks moist wait only one
slice to this thing which one you want
what sounds like a plan
it sounds like a plan this one looks
like super moist me too alright it's
been a nap no okay what time is it quite
a past okay gotta go somewhere for half
here here one yeah yeah that's me
maintain I'll Justice jocks and lava I
just said that she loves Amelia more
than me you're horrible I wouldn't say
that to you
yeah her oh you're a horrible person
your heart of allure than me cuz lately
and it's being saying that she hates me
more than she loves me it's always like
I hate you every day I was like what are
you ready even say you're right I don't
love you I don't push our poisons of
what ins already pushed I'm just trying
to like sued the bushings that they
don't get pushed
I love you look anything like that is
cross I had to flip it do you have any
respect for other people I had to flip
it that's that has crossed honor that
has Christ honors oh this is a huge
waste like I'm actually not gonna close
do you love the birds more than me
I love Amelia but I love you differently
I don't trust you
oh it's not true are baking some in the
next hour you tell me you don't love me
it's not true
better on me too it's different at the
moment the moment what forget the bike
in Bakke no I couldn't you dirty stuff
and ride it were you supposed to put it
like are you working it already like
just no alibi just wearing the felling
bandit knows what the been bandit is
when he was like oh actually that was
nice though and then he was like oh
because some people get straight into it
yeah oh yeah yeah
although we did walk the woods yesterday
and that was that was a big workout we
gotta go anyway yeah y'all young this is
our new house by the right guys this is
our little driveway oh crap
the nurse wraps my driveway oh no no
grave done is bar I'm butters not funny
I didn't even know I told him sometimes
just to install ramps whatever you guys
feel like it there's no need to even
tell me about it
look for the guy with the cameras I'm
sorry for the guy with the cameras
that's the man we're looking for can we
just like dump it here but a lot of
people have what I think I am there's
one here for a minute
we just pop it down here for a minute
one's gonna mind you can't get clamped
outside your own house she's like a
bunny in there now I always get lost her
in my house and my property
he's my garden this is my collection of
cars white you want to go okay
all right it's actually very autumn
isn't it like a little bit of Sun but
lots of leaves be dreaming with me
it's like chill in the air so am this
noise is not fun huh don't create your
personal don't know anything about the
rules of photo shooting yes oh no well
after just about to put a smile in
Photoshop they smile tool mister
Photoshop smile - it's a new it's a new
tool see it cs6 no right feeding at a
photo shoot so so indirectly we ended up
actually doing this in kind of a public
we're in a big hotel here so actually
were in my house I know
this is my house did hard on what huh
huh
he successfully achievement unlocked huh
being a photo shoot
congratulations
yeah it won't ever work with babies me
that's and we have plenty of babies and
pets we still have some air
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah this part of
the kitchen that another bad be for
Derek nice yeah no way oh my god is that
time of year there's no Conchas in there
though it's called it's a good spot for
conkers here and you guys are okay
conkers are you fry used to do my
trickles I did through a nail varnish
and then I put them in the oven
I know it's cheating well that's what
you do to toughen them up
hi I had it I had a tenner once that
means that it went to ten matches and
survived
yeah I think I conquers tie string to it
and you try and break the other person's
punker oh really what did you collect
them and yeah human girls are boring
Amelia oh wait you are a girl
no idea tennis but I like it alright
that's it we made a conscious decision I
am too tired to stay awake I have two
options option a without the snooze then
a problem with the snoozing is that it's
very hard sometimes even Chege Malinda
snoozing because order of things have to
be done and those that work has to be
done and sometimes you just you can't
fit in it is newsy and for about two or
three days now I have missed that on my
allocated snoozy time because an easy
time is a very specific time during the
day so it's new time as we missed out
cheers in a row I am very tired but I
must I must struggle on you know so
option was to you have a snooze now but
I knew I'd be under pressure now later
because stuffs to do or and this is
where we felt that our best our best
option was to go to the local Sentra and
buy a million sweets and cakes and
biscuits and doughnuts and pies oho and
I pizzas and ice cream crystal popcorn
so it as what I am doing I don't want to
do it but I
while would you up them alright so let's
start off a ton of these so I love them
a couple of them you're a damn pilot
down the other cross lines a couple of
goers when you send
yeah it's just I feel this by the to
students
forget the ice hmm look at this this is
my snake box to go on my bike
so box of cakes as well bonus because
ice cream
hmm price shock ice take it and we're
done but we're sitting in this traffic
which is kind of annoying so I decided
to double up to two boxes of fresh cakes
YUM and look at them they look so epic
don't they oh my god they came from a
tasty kitchen as well that's what you
want that's what you want you know and a
couple of Maltesers and a couple of
things from the bakery but um I should
be that should keep me awake for another
few hours hopefully so this is the
problem here this is what's causing all
the kerfuffle oh god the roads back
disappear oh okay hope I didn't think it
is that's gone it's even going on here
all right are you guys digging for gold
somebody say there's gold in these here
feels oh God
oh look it's one of those days we can
actually see the moon during the day
remember take oh there was actually see
the moon during today I don't know
that's just kind of cool I enjoy all
those cakes but enough fulfilled
there's my baby oh baby oh baby oh oh no
that's the baby excuse that this baby I
get them confused sometimes
someone's got a poopoo bomb so much pile
of poo poos did you say cute little
things ever did I get little monkey at
your toes a monkey monkey you're so cute
whoa you got some tunes out he's so
pointy the older she gets the more
entertain it is currently space boots
all day long
they're like space boots would you like
a moon boot a Moon Boot would you like a
lone boot okay got it you know check you
gotta check your situation gotta check
your situation we never get situation
aah situation situation we have a bit of
a situation we have a bit of a situation
don't look we have a bit of a situation
baby's all right oh look we'll use the
new one just a new me yesterday and goes
really long well you're both going no
that's weird
oh you like that
all right let's go take care of your poo
poo situation this is the funniest thing
ever
you see the pups have the helium balloon
and it keeps like floating away in them
is it I know but as they run around you
can actually see if you see the balloon
running around the house get it get it
get it oh it's gonna get away it's gonna
get away yank it again with you Oh
careful there now that have high pitched
voices
I don't know if it's gonna fit you there
did they kill it I think they killed it
I think so guys did you kill it yeah
yeah it's over if you kill this we
should totally get loads more than no
helium balloons
I was so funny earlier on tonight they
told me didn't like me didn't block of
what they were like dragging it under
the chair under the couches and this is
a balloon like flying around a zombie
they're gonna she loves I love you so
much
did you love I love you so much oh
goodness now it's gonna answer the
garden that'll be the end of us gotten
forever a garden but not forgotten he's
so much fun you guys should totally if
you guys live at home we should totally
get ask your parents to buy you six
Maltese puppies parents just just great
six puppies cuz they're so like there's
so much fun you know what happens when
you get six puppies it's not for baby
Bethenny we just like us hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
