dear Apple your Maps up
I would like Google batteries 3d just
give me one D that works
it's the morning like my feeling quite a
striking the kettle kettle to be a fish
but I've knowing where that's called in
other countries but in Ireland that's
not you we are younger of my mom like
we're my mom but it's true like
allocation classes and poetry and and
public speaking and and heads they're
like tops you see this thing where um to
speak you're supposed to put pauses now
I know I should probably the worth of
this because we speak so you know I mean
even realize it's being passive
sometimes we just like start talking
right now I know anyone Marlin you
probably understand everything I'm
staying right now whatever like what the
hell is he talking about because that's
the thing we just kind of we all talk
fast to each other you know um but yeah
I was like one should always have and
supposed to be able to put a fist in
your mouth you go
I could always believe that you know
these stupid things but by the part of
the elocution for speaking better and
being able to communicate with the world
just use YouTube one of them if that's
not you and I had to do poetry and the
one I was talking about Britta read it
yesterday we were saying that like at
Christmas time it's gonna be crazy just
like I've got kids where it's got kids
my sister's got kids little sisters and
I have children yet stick to it and so
they're saying that we should line up
because the Christmas time we're always
lying no up and told to recite our
poetry and mine was the camel ride the
camel the camel is a humpback beast
like white you know and then this my
brother always that he is willing to
read that heroin and we didn t go into
the fashion and we have to go into the
stage you have to like perform them and
stuff like that but em you guys have to
like - Christmas was like I like it they
like sing a song or do do a variety act
we were forced entertainers as children
well no just came to my head I will
hopefully give me these like every
cupcake one okay one screw up a little
it tasty bro that tasty brew little one
she's waiting for the back olan and the
telephone authority by so but tell me
about the content because I don't
haven't seen much of it but what I have
seen
besides the birth of of Amelia is fairly
regular run-of-the-mill family stuff I
just failed to see what the attraction
is do not remain like I guess like you
know obviously some people aren't gonna
find appealing in the same way that like
you know I personally don't watch the
Kardashians but I know Anna does that
doesn't mean that I don't respect what
they do I think a lot of a lot of it
like an awakening of an audience you
know people are kind of tired of you
know the fake television the reality
that's not reality
everything is dramatic everything is
argumentative everything is smutty and
we just our show is about you know it's
just fun it's just a happy families nine
people Altman still come home from work
I'm home from a hard day and they just
tune in to our show at 6:00 p.m. and it
just it's light entertainment you know
every day as the people watch our show
and about one or two percent of that
comes on board and say the craziest
stuff and I know that you know for for
media they want the most controversial
they want the headlines and you know and
they'll they'll always focus the
attention on the negative but the whole
point of my goal is to take the
attention off the negative and put it
under positive yes but but just
introducing a baby into the program I'm
just wondering whether our you know our
an episode recent video with your pet
dog
licking the baby clean while the baby is
lying on the ground I just wonder is
that is that just you know actually
going down the road of the program's you
were critical of just a few moments ago
I know it's like I said you know I'm you
know spend a bit of time watching it get
to know us and then you realize like
most people you know when they watch
that video yesterday with the dog like
Cena like in Amelia like it's for about
the few seconds she's like licking her
ear dogs like babies like there's no
one's doing any harm anybody but people
will take everything where it's like
they're 127 minutes in that video which
had nothing to do with that and one
minute and everybody focuses but come
here that means that you guys don't
really have to work then get up in the
morning you get out there and graft cuz
I hear you're makin serious moola with
an agent in LA is that right
do you find that you have to work I
never really took this job as being hard
work because of the virtue of the fact
that I enjoy it so much and I know and I
love going to work does that answer your
question that's the same thing I do this
seven days a week 24 hours a day two and
a half years I haven't had one single
day off I produced the show every
morning for four or five hours for the
last two and a half years that is a lot
of work but I don't look at it like work
because I enjoyed it you know I like I
have a master's degree in interactive
media I worked in animation and digital
media I worked in this field as a
professional and now I have my own
production company and I perceive this
content so for me I don't feel that this
is work I enjoy it I get a kick out of
it but come on how much mood are you
making it's again like you know focusing
on things like that like it's not
relevant like you know like wait a
second Johnson it's not relevant in fact
it's very relevant to Irish people as to
how much money you're making so we're
the most inquisitive nosy race on the
planet
a little princess uh-huh
we are there the situation is serious
situation I think it's the hindmilk now
but like oh my goodness with no serious
situation oh she like poop everywhere
and it dripped there actually think it's
probably yep it's kind of all over me
because I was holding up and I was like
why is everything all of a sudden wet
peepees
leak that decides and draped in legs and
butt we fixed it now oh and the air help
nurse came by this morning and Amelia
has put on loads away hey it's good
thing she's an she's grown all that
malarkey Turkey so she said that you
you've been reading Mimi well Inge
didn't she saying it done really well
he's you how sorry my shadow I was in
your light get outta my night dad
oh you like me everything on me dad look
at Nevada she always does this thing
it's so cute
she always just lays on her back and
like if I get angry at her you know if
she's like cuz her thing is she bites at
my heels if I get angry at her and she
just like goes down on her back it's so
cute you guys wanna go peepees beautiful
peepees inside it's too cold to have the
door open
what do you pee be a good girl you're
good gpb's and we are gonna take them
out for a walk ease today because they
have not been walked in a long time and
it's really unfair but it's just because
we have a new baby and it's just really
hard to get organized and everything
clicking movie's gonna go ahead side
peel don't go peepee that side good boy
what do you pee pees
gpb's so what I'm gonna do is make a
pretty oh my god I think it's unfair any
movies she's barking at her brother cuz
she can see him through the door anyways
umm I'm gonna make it crazy
hi my mum's friend brought us fresh
tomatoes from her mother's garden see so
these are probably gonna be amazing and
she did it she did it because okay cool
she did it because she knows that we
love crazy cuz she sometimes watching
the show so what's the date on this 26th
what does today Oh God have I missed the
boat Twitter website good side what do
you say it is the 25th okay well like
willing do you think it's okay do you
guys think you've comments but it would
be too late
ah I'll be poisoned my goal with that
what's the date on this one 26 as well
and this one's open and might not be
okay and you know I'm scared I might
just open the new one is that really
wasteful probably I'm just kind of
scared so I think I might just uh making
it for geophys as well and I don't want
him to like freak out because he's like
weird but well actually he's just normal
I'm the weird one foot he's more like
fanatical about fate some stuff all like
let things go or let things slide a
little bit I know it looks like we eat
nothing but crazies I actually haven't
had a crazy and like ages so don't judge
me also I can't use our basil because
it's full of green fly or some things
so what are you growling something gross
okay insect so I might have to use
battle as the like the drive huge load
of laundry in there which I need to dry
but our tumble dryer just keeps trying
out I know I'm saying that in every
single flog but it's become worse so
it'll only give me like 10 minutes so I
think I might just go to my mom's house
and because I hasn't worked from the
beginning like it keeps shredding it so
I think I'll just go to my mom's house
with a load of laundry and just finish
off drawing it there because it's not
nice enough to put things out as you can
see I have the sheets drying there but
that's gonna take about a century
because it's cold
it's pleasing well the heat is on but
it's still freezing
okay so I came up with this new idea
because we were sent this haste oh by a
subscriber basil paste oh dressing from
baleen plasti in I think the English
market
I'm really not sure yeah I think the
English market in Cork think the girls
report why are you beeping I'm getting
used to the microwave um so I came out
this idea I was like okay well we don't
have any bats all what we do have tons
bazilov it's all crazy and covered in
flies or whatever briefly so I put okay
that smells weird
I put some on the caprese and then I was
like what if I like melt the mozzarella
and like grill it so I'm grilling it in
the microwave because it's a microwave
oven
I don't know this is actually work
grilled hopefully doesn't go mushy
either either like bread was mushy when
you put it into microwave hope that
doesn't happen but um if it works out
it'll be good if not then I've just
ruined lunch I know remember actually
you never even used this one yet it's
very cozy in there there's no case huh
we're gonna bring everybody okay like at
the hearthstone reversing reversing
Razi's huh
they're so happy she's running up in
here and it seems pretty toasty in here
so I figured we go all the way down and
to the right you know and nectars the
laughs because they don't eat this much
it's just out of Encino we'll need way
more Oh or something
how we doing in here huh how are we
doing in here
uh-huh
yeah maybe this is completely different
drive than the other thing I know rule
takes corners nicely look it's like out
of Mikey just let go why would I look at
the post
you miss it everything you sleeping
through the whole adventure oh why are
all coming up evasive maneuvers you just
need to train them on display so they
can pull the media huh
well it's traffic here why not run you
over
I love the air the thing matches their
leads real very purpley today Oh
traffic traffic Iman care for the things
should actually get like a hum break
here like hello you got a break here oh
okay that works a bit too effectively
now now now now there's always a loud
one in the bunch I had to go a long way
around
I had to go like the super long way
around in front of me yeah you just let
her go here Danny Hill so far this is a
this isn't too bad actually it is
freezing I told my heart has evolved to
an OP upward position
you still there nope no idea wonder how
it performs off-road it's like-a you
I keep performs quite well as our test
subjects sleeping soundly but let's go
let's go let's go let's go
hmm who is the rough side of town bring
the rough side at hand here it's closed
it's closed Oh what's all the racket
what's up for the racket here huh
you never been up here before I've
absolutely no idea where this is gonna
bring me to it looks like I don't know
go somewhere anyway I'm just like me
they're trying to get ahead no no don't
read stopping at you ahead only tangle
teezer
oh the roads getting thin oh it's been
an uphill uphill John here
we go in there although we've come to
the end of the road no I can't
it's a love voiced man whatever happened
the boys the man
oh but became men obviously Chitty
Chitty Bang Bang Chitty Bang Bang
I love Chitty Bang Bang Chitty Bang Bang
- what she's not the biggest fan tell me
have you warm in there how do you check
oh yeah super warm it's just that we
weren't a bit off-road there I may have
to go down here to the path okay well
that's a look hmm she seems okay oh
goodness
halftime change to change teams change
sides
Oh God seen these I got the two crazies
you can use is under thing come on guys
let's go let's go let's go
not to get you guys asleep look really
hot
hey milf huh is that your milf you can
have him he's a so gar like is he
pulling to the end
have a trick here like scene of a second
have a trick
she says snap
so chuckles the works
if we
but she's happy we can keep on trucking
keep on keepin on
are they already lagging behind okay
it's really nice with the trees and
everything here I've actually never
walked around here before we've never
come up there hmm geez geez and the
bushes doing the Wiis at the trees see
this this is the bane of my life
she goes she woke up laughs and went
over us oh my god look it's 9 minutes to
the vlogs
9 minutes of vlog o'clock and we're
going on an adventure I won't be there
to supervise so can I trust you guys to
behave yourselves
dear Apple your Maps up I would like
Google back please Jesus suck these are
stupid 3d just give me 1 G that works
one direction this is so stupid so we're
both trying to download Google Maps
because Apple Macs I know even Emilia is
protesting about the fact that these
Apple maps this is ridiculous nice did
you find it
Google Maps no what if you can't get
Google Maps guy Oh God so FaceTime from
the other room look your videos nearly
done no problem
oh look in the media this is that people
communicate nowadays what are you making
or should I say or do you're ordering
what do you want yeah I know but I was
before evening came Maddy evening is
here I feel like I could eat these
Maltesers for the rest of the day or we
could just get food I don't know what do
you move work
yeah that's the problem with the
takeaway situation okay we found a
solution to our problem no problem only
running out of places to order from well
we figured it out if you pay more for
delivery you have more options you see
we're only going for the free delivery
in our locality we awarded from 16
counties away this we ordered this last
night and it's just arrived come on
shiny is if you please
I got am oh my god I can't get it out
how am I supposed to get that out of
there
magic magic anyway I got um Szechuan
chicken
I think shaking a calming Pole I can't
remember I kind of know where asking is
to get me the thing that I used to get
when we used to go to Chinese when we do
and you guys even doggie need doggies
dudes in the street call Castle Street
we still live on Castle Street and
beside on Casti around the corner from
where we used to live there was a
Chinese restaurant called castle castle
sweet I am this is what I used to get
the I can't remember what it's called if
I can open it I will show you but it
does not look like I have the capacity
to do this
Oh a thief is fast because I'm we're
going in this M BBC show which is kind
of cool because it's UK I show on
tonight it's a radio show on BBC which
is like British broadcast that's kind of
cool like so it's kind of cool to be the
UK as well cuz most stuff we do is
always like in around Ireland so I was
like that's good I started today
producer girl on the phone and she's
like oh my god like she's like I told
him like watching your show and stuff
I'd actually what up
thanks a lot for thinking of us Thank
You this F so let's just get it quite
clear here was this about making money
or not no I think if you're going to
YouTube to make money it's never gonna
happen for a year and a half when I was
doing this I made no money and I had a
job a full-time job that I was working
in the studio you know and anyone's ever
worked in this you know is that it's
like 80 hours a week I would come home
and then I'll be trying to make videos
and uploading them and getting nothing
for them other than you know the respect
and the growing of the community and
only after about a year and a half did
we you know did we get like a
partnership deal and things start to you
know look up so is this now about making
money I don't think it'll ever be about
making money I think we're making money
school because we get to put all of my
time into this it pays for a pace for my
existence just like like any job just
like your job pays you know I mean would
you go in there and do that if you
didn't get paid you probably would but
it'll be kind of awkward
I feel nothing what's the reaction beans
these videos so far this one's been
quite positive you know like you know
generally people tend to focus on the
negative like that is that a report that
was in their newspaper that you guys
picking up on is is in response to
people noticing and focusing in on you
know the horrible things people say
because the internet it's it's open it's
free its unrestricted you can be any
what do you want to be and you can say
anything you want to say but I like to
just focus in on the sort of 99%
positive people that we have the abuse
was I hope that their child is stillborn
for a mother how does that make you feel
I think it's difficult to hear that I
mean no matter even if here I was this
was said before I was I had even been
home mother so it's it's difficult then
and it's it's difficult now but I try to
just you know I just try not even think
the redditor or read those kind of
comments because like Jonathan said a
lot of people you know they do tend to
focus on the negative most shocking
thing but it's important also to not
forget about the 90 percent positive
we get on each video and the letters
that we get sent to us telling us how
you know we've we've made their day a
lot brighter by putting up a fun video
or you know we we make them feel good
about themselves and that's what I can't
focus on but some would actually say and
I put once again i put this to the
turbulator
surely you're asking for trouble when
you are filming stuff like this I
wouldn't say asking for trouble
you just allow you know it's like you
you could say then in that same context
a your show is asking for trouble
because you might you know create a
debate events and you might question
something and people have a right to say
what they want about you because you are
out in the public generally idea that I
understand that every night I put myself
on the radio here you know people will
phone up and make comments and form an
opinion of me because I'm sitting here
having a chat a bad stuff on the radio
and it's the same context I know I think
Anna probably gets a lot of it worse
than I wouldn't you probably say that
you know people say stuff to me but it's
like whatever it's just like a boy but
actually as the more I ask you and I do
you feel more affected rather than
Jonathan on this one I think the fact
that Jonathan Niese is a guy and he's
older than me as well so he has plenty
more life experience I don't know I I do
definitely think that in the beginning I
took more into heart than he did he is
amazing at this whole I mean it's like
this job was made for him because he
just doesn't seem to get affected by
anything anybody ever says and I'm so
grateful that I have him to thank you
and you know when it gets the better see
you still always get something always
had to take it there's always something
for the dogs look at this holy crap I
have to leave close to the rice it was
like anyway crispy shredded chicken was
what I couldn't remember that's what I
have let's go hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
