congratulations to blank and and and if
you don't wonder saying you do not look
like somebody it gave birth to a baby a
week ago yeah thank you for coming into
the show Jonathan and Anna and Amelia of
course
Amelia's outfit of the day I just made
this up because she's getting to know
she's not getting too small her clothes
are getting too small for her some of
them so we're gonna have to move her up
to the next size how so right now she's
wearing Oh No hello what's wrong
she's wearing this top which says little
girl giant heart and this is from
Primark I think and then these brown
pants from Carter's and some little
socks little pink socks from I think
these are from done stores and then the
sir burping cloth I think this is from
Mothercare oh no it's from boots and
it's just light pink so we're all in
pink and brown today are we going to be
on the style diet yes we are yes we are
look at your pretty brown eyes actually
I think they're hazel you're so cute
ah you're so cute all right ease back to
this old game this is probably gonna
hurt like hell look I missed it
everything you say to me oh just you
water I'll get it I'm not worked out
since the morning off the induction it
was the last time which is like two
weeks today so I just probably gonna
hurt I'm gonna hurt like hell but um
gotta get back into it don't get back
into it
okay check out I did it I actually did
it I managed to get a workout in that
was the first time super years been here
a success we get it so now I'm on the
hunt for some neutral gains a banana
Jimmy neutral green
the nutritious and grainy hey guys hey
guys what sorry what's the plan what's
the plan man get away from the vinegar
oh my god
you don't need vitamins get away from
there yeah can you guys watch DM the TV
creaking now we're on the Morning Show
thing um I put on it like Facebook um
the links are below for Facebook and
Twitter it's the best way to keep up for
all that kind of stuff
sometimes I forget talking about it but
I'm I'm not gonna put the whole thing in
but I'll edit some of the show in now um
if you watch the whole thing I am I put
it on my Facebook page the link it's the
first one right there oh wait you go
click it did you not kick it yet I told
you to go click it you're holding
everybody up here well she's here with
mom and dad and an awful lot quieter and
then she was a week ago when you film
that firstly congratulations the blankie
and and and if you don't wonder saying
you do not look like somebody gave birth
to a baby a week ago yeah thank you for
coming into the show Jonathan and Anna
and Amelia of course and I've been
through that myself for all for the
parts of all my children and picking up
a camera to record a Jonathan isn't the
thing that I would be reaching for at
that moment of truth we had you prepared
yourself to make that decision at that
time I think so like we had we had 10
months in and around to to kind of plan
it and think about we knew we were
filming the show for nearly a year and a
half before hand and we knew that this
is you know our audience like once they
were pregnant there was no way we were
going to do this privately you know and
then it was just like letting the
hospital know and letting our
obstetrician know and then sort of like
thinking about it how we're going to do
it and I thought the exact moment like
although the footage will look like I'm
standing there looking at it where as a
matter of fact my camera standing here
I'm actually watching the process maybe
it's because I'm used to it because we
do it every day but I just I didn't even
register that it was there he was there
and that was what was most important
what were you nervous
Oh
reluctant for the camera to be there she
was being born no no it honestly it
wasn't even anything that crossed my
mind just because we're so used to it
it's every single day 24/7 so I don't
even give it a second thought anymore
okay was there any reluctance from the
the part of the hospital for you to be
doing that for that reason I do think
that yeah like you know because this is
very like New Age you know they were
like suit you want to put this on the
internet it's not like a scary weird
place you know and it was just kind of
like you know we met a few times and it
was just like you know making sure like
this is no scary weird thing this isn't
like one born every mannerism you know
this is like an emotional journey that
myself and Anna took and introducing
Amelia you know that's why we filmed it
like I think it was film very tastefully
I don't think it was like showing
anything improper wasn't this because we
are generally we are very you know
conservative people like we don't honor
show we never talk politics religion sex
money nothing like that you know we keep
it very PG because that's how we are in
real life
how are your families about the fact
that Amelia's birth was going to be on
YouTube I think initially they may have
been maybe because some of the press we
received because sometimes I think there
was a misconception about what was and
wasn't going to be shown but once they
all watched the video they loved it
thanks I'm thinking we should just pack
it up go home like immediately take over
when she can hold the camera I say we're
done yeah this has been going on for two
and a half years what what is what is
the channel called and let's live TV
okay I know you're thinking like what
does that mean but that's the funny
thing about YouTube you know it's like
in proper unorganized chaotic but yet
you know it's personal entertaining
although we'd love to be able to name to
name the channel something proper like
the name we call the show saucony
Jolie's okay it's our name but it's on
the Fluke TV and everyone's like what
the hell does that mean it actually in a
short story means the fluff in French
okay okay but the thing is secondo Jolie
actually just roll off the tongue fairly
well so yeah it is a good name it all
she got hiccups exactly she's just got a
hiccups she used to have the one she was
in my belly as well oh really
remember it's
okay right I'm hungry
hunger has to come my way I need to feed
or I will go astray
probably what do you want meeting too
many names doing name's Nina Sina
Amenia sting confusing Bianca
daya uvula CEO drovers car me all the
boys right
all the girls names into that hey I'm so
intelligent CEO Jo Faso and alb oh no ha
ha
actually LG has a girlie name you know
Gabi got guy yeah oh boy yeah so we're
thinking hitting up we're gonna think of
it do not knows but it's already 4
o'clock so all the traffic is gonna
start starting start starting so I think
we might hit up a rest this is the first
cuz we've done like cafes and stuff with
her what we did one cafe Santo
I've done 10 - cafe so I'm gonna try a
restaurant but I wouldn't mind a warm
chicken salon hello
I own that Paulist so I'm breastfeeding
this car again coz I'm still not I'm
still not 100% comfortable doing it in
public especially in a restaurant and
amicus don't really have that good like
um like they don't have like couches and
stuff so it's not even like I can really
be discreet they just have like
standalone chairs so yeah I'm just gonna
do it in the gutter for Amelia and she's
really hungry right now but at least I
have one store boob and one like boob
that still is okay and thankfully the
last boob that I went with was the sore
one so I can feed her on the the easier
one okay Amelia now put your foot on the
clutch
okay ready can I learn to drive he's
gonna you gonna let's try before mommy
yeah huh okay over your pop and the
radical is that whole time we were
sitting there feeding on everything cuz
we're vets good amicus to have that have
some rich
because up with every building is oh my
god
classic saris about to pay for the
parking and then I noticed i'ma kiss all
the builders inside glad I didn't paper
like I'll show you will drive up I said
I was just going over to pay for it now
it's like on what some what's all I know
there's not like he's gonna change
upstairs I've never been there yeah no
I've never be I've run into Nepal berry
the barrio the ravine upstairs into the
restaurant okay fingers in there just a
rocket the rocket max alright it's going
here now it's better be nice booth isn't
it you want go ahead
under a key
village I guess it's in here
brilliant this is amazing this is Venus
this is being so successful sorry I
decided to commit and pay for the
parking and then realize it doesn't even
open six o'clock
like there's bullies but yeah no I don't
want to go to the vegetable patch no
that's only when the car decides to go
to the vegetable patch on its own well
that was a fun adventure medias that was
a waste of a parking what I think it's
like a year or an hour I bought an hour
so it's not that bad alright so here we
go
$14.99 we have parking paid so we just
sit here I don't want this any takers
any takers
I'm gonna leave it here just in case
when okay people you can't use this one
of those scratchy ones you know they
could keep like it's a train beds like
there's that place EKOS is across the
way EKOS what's that can you use that
pan display thing outside here pain
display the world of parking it has an
ID it says 23
sure we went there for almost birthday
won't we it's very very dark
he's very kind of light see it's a poby
I don't want to bring around one else it
was allowed though wasn't it go go go
okay go go go
this is actually hilarious so he decided
in a we just got accosted in Douglas
give you a better store bikes in that is
so funny
everywhere we picked is being closed
BB's in the middle oh yeah but that is
so funny that like that is closed as
well oh my god imagine do be sisters
we're not be hilarious know that working
together areas first time to do this
well I just saw those clothes that
that's the bike some monster it's a
monster is it calling you
The Phantom are open weirdo Brides give
any go what where's first time in
O'Brien's okay she's got a convertible
we put the hood up you know this is my
tray here I'm just gonna take it young
young me to got a coffee
she's a she's a Dibble for the coffee
she's she's always gone under there now
she's like hey there's our tea as well
she wants a Chiana coffee oh my goodness
you just told me that you should look
like in this footage and remember where
you were brought you because you have no
idea legit fast asleep
thank you you fancy we're open this is
Jung scrumdiddlyumptious do anything
about the Petacchi so they don't come
with crisps oh thanks
you should have the dummy Tippy's any
flavored ones what I was think of eggs
any flavored ones I know you know
somehow sterilizer oh we didn't eat it
we did need to get one they were stuck
not on not a few more weeks but you know
sometimes which I thought would be cool
to get it's probably cruel but you know
when you think of suitors and they
always like spit the hero and then
starts crying but it'd be cool if we got
like a strap make it like attach it to
them so they can't stitch - yeah we so
mean boat sometimes I think that I'm
like ah Oh week it's rahmanir right we
need to get - mama came over five
masonic when she gets on her but this
one comes in elephant
intensive medical school
well this is what I was going on about
the Lansky I got said oh no I know
there's so much stuff I know
so hard so one and what skin combi thing
to me is should you start with these
ones maybe anyway see maybe your number
to be nice we looking for Revlon just
in case you're not sure these are
ray-bans or not these are definitely
Ravens okay just so you know you're
there
definitely Ravens Khloe kion she used it
I think it's book horses yeah horse hair
you don't have horse hair well it is
here at the normal so I'm not buying any
eggs I like the one I have right now
what it's weird it's for horses well
Khloe Kardashian has it okay she decided
knit back to the car and get the actual
stroller part because she's getting a
bit too heavy drink and that he was
getting a little bit too tired wasn't he
holding you up like that all right let's
go
mommy's back inside so wait up over here
did artined came here deserve it now hmm
I want it now will reserve it I have to
go back and find Ana she's probably
still in the makeup section isn't she go
find mommy now that we have computer
games and we work for the girls good
boys and they make ups pretty girls yep
she still here we were discussing what
do you be still here and turns out you
are still here this is so handy where
you can put things down there already
appreciate that mania Thanks
thanks a lot for uh for making my life
easier so do you want to go to dungeons
and get chopping and stuff alright just
go I don't know it's almost nap time
time is this oh yeah it's 22 vlog time
22 block o clock that means nothing is
over no sometimes oh yeah it's kind of
wake up after naptime read the nice
comments tell you lovely people leave
come that's usually comments every day
twinsies comments for a South America
what up John use it if you want to get
it get it
yeah what does beats across wait put
that back let's pedal over the bitch
you're not obligated at all to stay here
okay I'm doing a lot of turning here
Justin Bieber works here like I know
obviously
there's no Revlon in here Ryder oh no no
no I like all the perfume smells in here
hmm do you not oh we lost mom Oh
every Revlon just has a thing do they
sound like debenhams is anything maybe
to happen like I did you know one of
those agreements you know oh really
Oh nuts she's not like this area we
can't stay here long she's smelly Amelia
what do you think of this a smoky Joe
huh
think you could take a minute in a drag
race whoa who put her in a Smokey Joe if
you to you uncle Smokey Joe ah come on
let's go no Italy no Smokey Joe for you
what let it boil peace George how's
everyone doing huh oh no parties huh
Avon Barksdale ah hope you pop there
looks like a home dog just let go hold
on hey home dog look at her I'm not a
sound not a peep
so it did actually have it by the way I
don't know if I specified yes I was like
oh no cuz they were sold out apparently
but he had one I was like going nice
have was been talking about this plus
it's the game of the year when so it
comes with like all of my packs his
money cuz my brother bought it means
like oh my god it's amazing so I was
like this normally happens later I
advice only first and then I tell Simon
or sign wise the first and he's like my
god
okay I'd you open this why this is this
is an open bowl I hope I don't have to
download a million things hey Tosh the
opening where's the dinghy book open
 we've left her in a car seat
she'll stay asleep I love you like I
love her and all but sometimes it's just
best if she's just so amelia is asleep
which means mummy has one of two options
either I sleep with her which I don't
really feel like doing right now
because we got a really late morning I
kind of had with a lion because I went
back to bed
hence we didn't get anything done until
a lot later today well c'est la vie
that's what happens because it's just
hard like I said before trying to find
get into a routine and like you know
every time I try to do something she
cries for the boob and she wants to be
fed so I have to like put everything
aside feed her postpone whatever is
doing and then try and get ready and
it's like it takes so so long to do like
simple tasks like getting dressed in the
morning
but anyways and then if you have like
you're running on little soup that's
just it's going to take longer anyways
so my other option other than sleeps
Nevaeh go umm is to clean and get
everything done that I needed to get
done I didn't get done this morning so I
just washed up just wash the breakfast
dishes
um I'm about to vacuum because it's
placed this way back to vacuumed I was
actually gonna twit pic or Instagram a
picture of Theo because he came in and
he was covered in moss and grass and it
was so funny because I was going to like
Instagram it and be like this is why I
need to vacuum every single day cuz he
just looked such a mess Theo why are you
sniffing your mommy's bum they are
getting neutered next one um they get
neutered once they're six months but
anyways so he looked so funny I was
gonna put it up but I didn't get a
chance to because he kept moving so I
couldn't but I'm gonna vacuum like I
said and then I'm gonna try and clean
the living room because I need to like I
haven't dusted in like a million years
so yeah I'm gonna try and get all that
done and hopefully fingers crossed she
doesn't cry and wake up cuz right now
she's asleep from being in the car and
the dogs remember those dog beds that we
bought like just yesterday or the day
before yesterday well Nevaeh has figured
out how to rip them off but see this is
new van so the culprit right here and
this is her bed and you can see she
started digging a little hole she dug up
some of the stuffing and yeah it's
pretty bad
so um not that impressed with the beds
because if they're that easy to rip up
then maybe they weren't worth like they
were like 30 euros each CC was so
expensive but anyways um I'm hoping
she'll get it out of her sister out of
her system now because I gave her a toy
hence the toy in her bed to try and stop
her so and I put my laundry yet I'm
washing it um you guys can see our
sheets and because I couldn't put it in
the tumble dryer because it was too big
of a load in the king kept like shorting
it um so I put it outside and it stirred
a pouring rain but it stopped raining
now so it's okay so I'm just gonna leave
it out there anything else
oh they the puppies got a feather so
that's their new toy of choice do you
get your feather
who's your brother hey bak where you
stop talking and get to work okay
everyone thank your treats
and go to Ola test again again we're
going to my house okay
Markie one two three four and I'll be
seeing our comment that's only fair guys
okay we already ready to go all right
okay okay okay you go with Amelia look
at Bianca
she wants her sister she's help close
the door close the door okay into bed
into bed into bed interpret interpret
good girl you be good girl Bianca okay -
my nails my nails mind the house good
jogs mind the house now all right go sit
when there's light and oh you can't even
see Cena let's go
holy crap that is like the biggest pot
I've ever seen in my life it's also hot
what is it what is it is it like
projects on Christo no it looks like
pronto compost on somebody served me
come on celeb ha ha ha the tail it's
like all different cloth and when you're
pretty down
like jellybeans about we are everything
we got nowadays is from jellybeans oh
look it's it's really nice so cozy
yeah oh four years is that like three to
six right yeah that's huge
yeah no it's better it's better have
that one so oh they put it upside down
sweetie what is a babe a baby does it be
Bo her first people okay
it's French baby baby we're having
Burpee time but Bieber Bieber Bieber
Bieber Bieber be time we don't know
because you know I know him you wanna
have anybody you got for free
I'm you oh you're hugging dad uh-huh
it's so killing Chi council oh there's a
bit of goop laughter stuff we're looking
for
mm-hmm grandma what do you want you want
the more to Delhi know what they don't
know more to Delhi
no way Mart who's this ah
who is this huh hey Yuri are your mommy
wanted you to say hello come here to me
come here ah yeah who are you
oh you have to sound like Emma oh yeah
that's why I'm impression wouldn't
advocate audio minor friend right a
friend here you know yeah I mean careful
of Cena I use casino my my
right oh goodness no you stay there
yeah Oreo Oreo oh yeah oh yeah see that
she hurried north watches he's are you
gonna eat or your foot you're hearing
this but your mommy misses you
your mommy misses you she asked me to
say hello
she said hello huh you missing you miss
Emma all that come on Cimiez let's go
home let's let's go come on let's go
let's go hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there would be aa
