please ain't gonna watch her give her a
good washing there would you get to get
in there there now getting that here
oh this is how I play now you see you
got the controller here the baby here I
can't even put the headphones on
I think sit up like this if the laptop
the phone you see this is this is my
life now
and sometimes we want to get a kick out
you see you just kind of use your feet
no ok no kick-outs she just she was not
happy over there so I was like okay I'll
put our opinion I was like I need to
figure out a way where she can lie on me
and I can continue my adventure time
this is M this is my life now what are
you doing you burying yourself in there
yeah yeah come on come on strong Z she's
so strong she like crawled her way up
she was lying down the bottom and you're
on it's just like dragged her way up my
body and I was like oh my god we we've
had Hercules or Xena Xena the warrior
princess huh
Thomasina the whiter princess negative
are they so cute they get them while
lying in bed together huh thank you guys
so cute huh you guys took use it you
want me Anka I'll be ain't you got this
special one is it cold here guys
no this one on that side it's over I
feel I feel pee all got the gray one huh
who's this oh the Vale got the brown one
mmm and with the newbies cat Oh new he's
got a gray one as well and of course of
course Bianca Bianca got the special oh
and you got the most expensive one
Bianca hmm are you you have an enable of
my foot you have an enabled on my foot
yeah you guys excited they're going to
get their hair cut next week for the
first time well it's not the first time
you've been to the groomers but I think
I think Dave is gonna give you guys a
little trim because you guys alright
look at how long their hair is now
compared to like before mm-hmm what a
wash and a trim is coming I think it's
best to like do as much as you can when
they're puppies today Jess to it Cosima
didn't do it so much as a puppy if you
guys remember back in the day where I
used to cut their hair and stuff home
innit
I was pretty amazing at it but at the
same time I've retired s e-g mama maybe
I'll have a couple of them
Linda's snausages Jessie do mama yeah I
don't feel like it Pizza maybe I'll have
some that's not the case yeah but that's
me like about two weeks ago so let's sit
us down we should just try that one out
um mozzarella mozzarella Philadelphia
goats cheese mozzarella Philadelphia hi
hi hi how's it going hey how's it going
hey how's it going
you so cute snausages let's take this
happy for burns burns burns the ring of
fire the ring of had to be Ring of Fire
look at this it gives battle plans it
sort of ran away with oh yeah question
guys maybe you might be able to help me
here there's a bit of an invasion
problem going on on my my plants do you
guys see
uh-huh let me let me macro rise it do
you guys see these they're like little
green flies or green insects or
something I'm not really sure but
they've am more I don't that it I think
that's just like buds and stuff but like
they're like on so most of the leaves
and they're kind of eating the leaves
and stuff I doubt which is kind of
annoying and they're leaving marks
everywhere and really no windows how do
you want get rid of them I don't want it
I don't want to lose my plant you know
but I'm like how do I get rid of it I
don't know I don't know I did actually
like clean the plants or should I buy
like a pest spray or something like that
what we eat then see the thing is we eat
the basil you know so I don't want to
put something on it
dynam that you can't eat then because
then it's completely pointless I'm
having it well you could just get back
to me and I bet that's today their
homework that's your assignment for
today get to work
comments below Bob is your uncle all
right I'll come back to you later
laters later come on it's not like the
cutest thing you've ever seen
thank you tomorrow they love their beds
oh I'm so happy we got you all guys you
know Bessie could yank you over there
you know in our next house key
we'll try gonna wanna real people our
own kitchens you know we were saying
that we can get like six beds so I know
we're getting under two baths Travian
Sina and then we can have all of them
like lined up I'll have to get a cat
flaps outside freezing in the kitchen
all the time because we always in the
back door open okay we have guests
arriving today
please upon a washer give her a good
washing there would you get the get in
there there there now gain that air give
you that weasel Xing I think she quite
likes it
unite we're done okay just don't call on
our face and I couldn't you see hosts on
my own it's Cena or Cena yes you can
lick her a shoulder look at a little
potbelly I know she's a little
pot-bellied a belly of pot will you
smoking pot when I went into your belly
they're like my plate this this one's a
little dry yeah so who are you up for
today I think she likes being naked she
does that be naked
I like me naked naked are you up 14
don't go all her mail which one you
think me Oh Carly Sam all torn because I
was a kid I spent most of my summers in
le bay which besides bow mullet and mail
I had like an awesome time those daddy
when I was in school my friend like we'd
always go to a garden lock in Bernie
gall there's an adventure center right
there there's a vegetative male as well
and they and then we moved up to vendor
Dundee golf so I'm like I'll have good
experience in both of them but em I
asked you guys on Twitter I am a large
majority of you are saying mail so I'm
like I have a lot more followers in mail
than I do in duneagle so I guess I'm
gonna be up for mail it's me yes outfit
of the day time and she looks super cute
and I'm actually glad I put this on her
cuz I think he's getting too small
because she's growing so fast but and
she only ever wore this one time except
it was only for like half a time because
she leaked I think or I can't remember
something happen and she have to get
changed so this is her outfit it's so
cute this is all from Carter's so she's
got this pink hoodie oh you're having a
little bit of a spit up
oh no oh no you need to be burped so
she's got this pink hoodie with a little
polka dot gray elephant and it's got
polka dot gray polka dots on the inside
of the hood and then some gray polka dot
matching leggings with some pink buttons
and some matching pink socks and she's
got a little bunny vast on underneath a
little pink bunny best so this is very
very cute because we have some visitors
coming over so we have to look extra
pretty and then her burping cloth is
just this one the pink cards it all
matches yay you love matching yeah mom
okay so we're gonna go downstairs now
and get ready for it gets to come okay
maybe feed some more because she is like
crazy for the feeding right now except
she only have her feeds for like five or
ten minutes and that's it that she falls
asleep and then she wants more like half
an hour later so it's really annoying
because mm-hmm
really she's supposed to be feeding for
longer and sometimes she does depends on
the day
but last night she was pretty fussy so
same thing she just wanted to feed a lot
and often or not a lot and often the
opposite of that yeah often and a little
bit yeah that's what I mean so I kind of
wish you would feed for like a longer
time and then go for three hours which
she sometimes does at night usually she
does that but last night for some reason
she had a fussy night so we are gonna
try and feed for a little bit longer
today okay Missy okay here's no cute
this thing is so cute
first of all mobile well a little wooden
mobile I wanted one of these you want
one too don't you
alright let's try and put this away with
it breaking now everybody has their own
bed you didn't all have to go into one
bed no no I'm good no girl group says
lovey keep maybe you can say here at the
ladies the ladies tea party that's a lot
of tea oh yeah apparently this one
induces you so be careful and drinking
it but I do not think it obviously
worked kettles boiled the ladies tea
party had no milk plus we don't actually
ever have there any milk so I was sent
over Plus and someone tweeted me and
said we're India mail on Sunday are the
Irish mail or some nude mail and Sunday
we did put booze in their pants who did
poo poos in their pals who did propose
in their pants I did poo poos in my
pants
no way you did pupus in her pants both
in my pants socks have been removed time
for to take the pants off do the pants
dance dude it's the path dance oh oh
sorry
look I never even showed you guys this
thing mom gave birth online subjected to
vile mouth ha ha ha ha ha this is the M
I thought it's on my own my facebook on
my Twitter I instagrammed it or if
you're in Ireland you can just read in
the Irish mail on Sunday look they chop
- roof off I thought that was kind of
funny how does that gone here wait a
second where's the top of my head guard
anywho in you make a deal with you would
you that's not feel that's not feel an
almond are not deal wit on it all is it
just usually a nice big long snoozy
Susie now when you get some food you
know it's kind of know you know what's
not annoying it's kind of funny that you
know one like you got you a stage of
just like getting tickets all the time
and then you you kind of like you doing
this rotation system of life because
there's kind of like three options
nearby right we are to get the Thai food
just like a restaurant which is nice I
usually get fish from them or we go with
the Indian want to throw it now of
course there's always pizza but we
haven't ordered pizzas in like I know
quite a long time since I've had pizza
and so I'm like well I kind of like I
like the Thai food but then we order
type you too soon then I'm like okay
well then I'll get the restaurant we can
try strong last night I got the fish
from the restaurant last night so I was
like oh Christ hander never again you
know and they're like I had any one day
before that I'm like kind of ran out of
places
we started by seven different places so
you can just nail him like what they
only order once a week or if in you guys
can I borrow one of your clapper out
your address and send my food to your
house and then you just like drive by
and drop it off to me would that be a
good plan what are we gonna do huh
there's always the vegetable patch but I
don't really want to drive to the
vegetable patch you know because the
whole point of getting at a gap is not
have to leave do you want to go outside
is that what you're thinking - is out
there feel free feel free it's it's your
garden my casa and do casa and all that
and all that jazz puppies Detroit a
little bit of dog food
74 days yeah right not what am i not
with my amends
so we trainees with that I was gonna go
with the the later was only because I
row is a bags and after I might Jack
this open and give this a go do you guys
want to check this air deal do you want
to check it out oh wait wait it you
gonna wait it you're gonna wait it
hey you okay
pbbb you know any Japanese get like a
giant bin thing you know seek actually
have these oh yeah look what happened
all day meetings be on all day labs
fairly wintry you know I think winter is
coming when this game of chance coming
back although it's not like next year
probably yeah I think that only ended
recently but that's just coming hanging
out inside the bag of pet food if you
wanted something you're just asked Nancy
Jo cute
she had a nap look I think I see this
way at all my name is rumba and going to
baby I'm here baby
hobbies enjoying the show you can join
the show healthy do you lower Ally fear
girlfriend miss your girlfriend no would
you off I miss my boyfriend
I have two papers which has been
everything he's my boyfriend
she is the little woman I'm in the
babysitter
I'm the milkmaid hey opportunites she
doesn't take her to sleep here for he's
a wet nurse I'm awake nurse
oh geez I'm sorry I get too excited it's
mine
yeah okay so don't mind my makeup being
like half ways off my face cuz I took a
nap today and totally like drooled all
over this side of my face and when I
woke up all my foundation was like it
was off in a triangle shape and then
there's the patch here as well on my
neck it was just like totally like like
I've been sleeping in a pool of my own
drivel
but anyways um we just changed into our
gym gems
hey Jim Jones narrate and these are
gonna blow jobs his mind I know he's
gonna like these Jim Jones cuz look my
daddy is funny oh boy she's probably
hungry because even though she felt like
half an hour ago it was only for like 10
minutes so we have to go again because
she's a little muncher I remember these
were some of the first baby grows that
we ever got from a subscriber and I'm so
glad I found them cuz it's the wait it
says the seven point eight which is
exactly what she is so they're perfect
because she's just out of the ah baby
baby stuff and now she's on to this size
which is it's called first size but it's
not like a newborn if that makes sense
I don't it doesn't eventually but
whatever so this is what she's wearing
tonight and now we're gonna go down and
have some num nums okay do i de de dum
dee dee dee looks good Oh warmer Nene's
went with some sort of healthy vegetable
e yeah I just closed because you're
bringing her down
in order to get you cold I also get some
garlic man yeah that's the dip it gets
Nan's dip into the core ma here rice out
Oh help you plain rice fried rice in our
food okay
do you guys like korma what's your
what's your Indian flavor taste for
flavor
oh yeah convert a Western for you good
he might be old take a bite it's good
for our disposal oh I also get this
which I usually just give to the dog I
have seen no idea what these are they
always come with the food but um we do
is you get one precious and you drop us
and that is how they also get to enjoy
to take out hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's - don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
