where's my little pocket that princess
where's my little polkadot princess this
is the best invention ever created by
humans
now it's inspect these toes mm-hmm one
two three four five yum ah is that even
your dollars is that eating your those
you're getting you don't know your mom
is laid out some wear clothing here for
us ooh brown pants day huh is the cat's
it's a weekend it's a Saturday -
Saturday your bunny oh hello my name is
Bonnie oh oh no yeah you might want to
put that back in you might wanna play
hello oh okay I'm out here I quit yeah
not like it is it's a two-on-two it's
you want to battle is this one coming
along let's try and get in close
hmm
who's in here we got Theo Theo and mom
who's that Bianca nope it's newbies I
knew these movies this is nuvvula say hi
newbies hi my name is mobile app my name
is finger here ah you've seen it your
peckers okay was a busy busy Nicky buddy
hey buddy this is my gang Alberto's
around here somewhere I go to well his
name is actually help me I'll be come
see you guys are the best sides in the
world
oh goodness someone took it too far
that's all right when Xena takes us too
far it's not too bad because she knows
what she's doing she made them she owns
them
you're allowed beat your own kids that's
the rule you just can't beat other
people's kids I only come home after big
long drive and you have all these like
insects all over the windscreen because
I just watched the car before I left and
then the entire car is like covered like
little insects
I feel like I think I murdered like a
million insects yesterday you're all
over the front of the car as well
probably shouldn't watch the car before
I went I probably sure to watch the car
when I got back make more sense
Mia this is your first time a little
island it's not that little I know why
it's called little island
welcome to little island yet it's very
large and it's
an island position no it's kind of like
false advertising place is like a maze
can never find my way around oh is that
it
my goodness I remember previously
looking for somewhere in here and I
couldn't find it
oh my god mommy first time over a mess
it was not a foursome of reps it's an
East Park is east part or East Gate Park
which is this one
I'll go around to the front but I am
pretty sure it is not around this far
I've never actually gotten as far before
yeah no no this doesn't look right all
right they're trying around and go like
I cannot figure out what it is I know it
probably looks like I'm driving the same
way but I did turn around it's good turn
around this is where I taught it was
here but this is all guy oh god this is
actually Honda Honda it's not there no
no gonna be right here soon here there's
like the shops and stuff and there's
like the running child it's the running
child of court right we've taken a whole
different direction
I don't know I'm gonna indicate and I
gonna hope there's a road here there was
a road here
oh that this isn't look this doesn't
look like Justin oh Christ
put the creek where are you this
Business Park is too big I tell you it's
too big for a tone good Oh God
my jumper drops this is my last hope my
last hope upon hope Oh what that looks
like a big empty building when it's PJ
Haar's
is it there yay we found it oh lordy
Lord
there she is Lots now and a hell do I
get in here
that's my next question after all that
it turns out what I was looking for is
being released in Germany in November we
can always try to Germany in by one it's
a new amorcita is a class it's very long
unless a car pulled out right now and
that would be the end of everybody so
it's not that cool I suppose
yeah the new a-class am google it
mercy day is a class 2013 oh my god it's
amazing you know it's kind of like em
you know like the I would I would love
an SL 500 but it's kind of like the SL
front the way it all comes together it's
just it's so sexy and gorgeous and
actually you fit the whole family in it
as well a small family small family of
Oompa Loompas which I happened to have
she's like a noble huh-huh yeah I get me
huh I think she said she wants to go for
London and it's you know it's ours was
you gonna have lunch anytime you want
lunch on tap yeah oh where do I just
want to go
KFC across Kentucky KFC did you actually
say KFC my little one are constantly
customer view is rakaats copy here well
imagine that the odds of that actually
happening that's incredible
and absolutely incredible so with Seto
about that because I was looking at
their their three series you know buying
a brand new 3 Series and I liked him at
all but I already have one you know
that's why I feel like once I'm know
when I saw this thing I was like on oh
my god it's like it combines the like
you know conservative family
friendliness of like an MPV with the
super sexiness of like a Porsche or
something
yeah has all the needs suited she first
time in crossed a puppy does it make you
feel
yeah ooh you think they're stuffing him
it was saying on the actually you know
what I had the salmon pate so I'm just
gonna get like a muffin and a copy yeah
yeah I stuffed myself i gorged myself on
em salmon tightening mutters oh my god I
couldn't stand the patent attaches all
the lungs in fact I may actually do that
today I may as well
bad
pretty go Mike
hello Tina baby now
but
fast asleep
falen
mushroom
no practices would all have bacon and
stuff in them you know
I may just get everything I'm not quite
sure I'm still deciding should I get
everything I might get them up and so
having it we're having a business a
business meeting for myself and my
colleague here the way I've ever slip
rotted Oh huh you having fun
you want some coffee steel but I got
this thing cuz that was it Amy Amy Dylan
that Amy I'm went on about this team
before that's how we met her double
cheap no she's always talked early Casey
so it's a lemon curd Billy
Vanja no poppy seeds Lillian lemon I
think there might be some goop in the
middle
I hope the scoop in the middle and
acosta copy the common is our first time
in a cafe we wore we were considering -
trying man knows but I was like I'm not
ready not ready
there's my first minute yeah Ed's idea
Hey making moves we're getting there
it's a slow process for out-breath but
him for hearing late
oh yeah everywhere yeah imagine I can
actually explode like spot it look sorry
he just controllin sorry about that
yes
flavor we garnish vanilla vanilla very
sore because that is exactly what I
wanted to smell like a pocket box yeah
just be warned how it is a really strong
huh let's give it a go Brezhnev what I
was successful that was amazing
but I was successful enough our first
time doing something it's ray it's
spacious
yeah that's successful and changing oh
you've looked you've dropped your little
thing out but that's okay we'll just
leave it but we'll just leave it we hmm
we're warning hmm every time I look I'm
like warning danger Will Robinson danger
Will Robinson didn't come with you no
danger Will Robinson is wrong cuz if you
do know what it is you're old like me
pop Nerdist now it's click you want to
place ah this thing sometimes nope
doesn't play by the rules click that out
drop this in here and we're in friend
little one that's asleep no clue what's
going on all right what are we going
anyway
Middleton or Douglas Middleton Middleton
it is alright so I'm putting a meet-up
in Middleton right now so if we're in
the middle scenario um you should
totally meet us we're gonna Pat stop
this is live right max is here this is
live right in there yeah yeah yeah I
assume this is like this is definitely
not like the day later or anything like
that
god no hello me Dawg hon how are you me
dirt on I find you have to say Middleton
like that he knows like I'm from
Middleton me does time
oh we were actually probably here this
time last year
this time last year we were here in me
dog on Modest unless you with water oh
no September
oh my god yeah we just got married wait
why I like Oh waiting Wow so amazing we
got married this time were like are you
still here yes jazz yeah we probably
were I remember the gym oh I was like
the best thing about living here
I loved the jihad and the juice
thicknose oh really oh god Jenny you
guys with us remember we did the tree it
was at three days it was pretty cool
though oh you got it was hard it was
hard but it was kind of like I know I
have like fun remembering something I
have fun memories but I'm never doing it
again that kind of fond memories it was
a good experience
I hated the beetroot ones you remember
the beetroot one oh my god when you guys
remember watching this back then you
know what I'm talking about it was just
like beetroot juice and broccoli stem
and oh my god it was the hardest one and
I mean we used to put tons of water in
it to try and make it easier but that
made it harder because it was more of it
and then sometimes we would call for
like strawberries bananas and yogurt is
like one in the whole three days there
was one with yogurt ah yeah yeah and now
with that I think I was like towards a
tree because they knew you're gonna quit
is there like no no Tuesday - oh it's
like yay that's what we're gonna have
tomorrow and then I looked at tomorrow
and there was no no smoothie like oh you
fakirs beggars Frick stains one on the
roundabout from the brothers
but um we went to the cinema and we
watched karna oh yeah that was day three
was that we should totally moved back to
Middleton so much fun haha right now you
know like we want to buy loads of pet
supplies here so I was thinking of going
to minimum Zoo you know with anatot like
because he managed stuff for going why
don't we just go to a maxi zoo haha sure
I did there it's not picture
giving you a little room it's like it
should be easy but it's not
yeah unlike the crappiest filmer you are
cuz I I always like I'm looking at you
you know I'm not through the camera yeah
and then I look down on my oops
I'm on the floor or something oh you
didn't even realize it
you realize it look at these ones oh
look there's one we got frisina
doesn't look as I clean oh is it the
warming stuff the back gave us okay we
have a look I know they like that one
but I just think that it's best no no
everyone's getting the same because a
bunk bed
these are for cats there's someone small
going these are all for cats
sorry okay but see more of a selection
hmm you got here Jessie the bunny
rabbits yeah that I really don't want to
speak up party Rapids okay no problem
oh yeah totally like no would you wait
to get one each though right pick it up
their own doors have a royal meal of a
royal meal dude is this what about the
one that I have though no I like they're
here
no it's one of them's fine alby's one is
packed all the way oh is it
oh it's wrapped in either side oh that's
a open huh there we go
do you want to get this this is working
out is like a little trolley to like I
can't get past no I'll walk up meet you
there hello Charlie right I'll just this
altro meet you up there and we'll head
over here just do it this way every time
that'll do that'll do everyone they
would love it
except they're newbies newbies what no
she get in her own really look do a
stoppie wheelies and stoppies if you
ever wondered what they fed giant
puppies look this is four giant puppies
if you have a giant puppy that's what
they feed them what's that one okay oh
how much you get eight fifty seventy
it's a forty four euros forty fifty
euros
it's probably bad isn't it I've got no
out of here I like the Lapham's ones
Eugene you should do like go signs from
veteran a clinically proven this is the
best this chicken did you like chicken
you want to get it cuz we do keep one
and room all the time you know and they
have this in the Douglass even bigger oh
maybe I'm healthy
yeah but this is 12 this might be even
better again
I know but no that's his medium this is
puppy pop from a puppy to one but
they're not many puppies anyone want the
breed greeted me oh sorry
and everybody see the difference so if
they had a mini 12 okay but they
probably don't because that's quite a
lot of food okay I think I think we
found the runs here you're gonna get
these ones here the point is she's a Oh
God
secret pact read that is cozy so she's
got it Ned see if you can see fine
okay I like that I need to see these
things here like is a small one to these
hold okay look this Anna they do like to
eat the face these
yeah that side of it maybe even though
that's 20 the wrong side I know that fit
in a bed probably does got all the beds
oh my god it matches the bottom seat
thing oh yeah yeah who's gonna get the
SPECIAL oh oh oh stupid that it's like
more expensive more expensive
participant it's the exact same bed they
didn't have by the way we got the last
tree and they were being sent off to
somewhere else which is like look if you
want to buy it am i giving to you now
she was nice and then we got the last
one of this as well
but that was like five or ten or more
just because it has paw prints on earth
it's so stupid but I was the most money
I've ever spent in a pet shop it was it
though cuz you got the medes there as
well
oh we were about six feet was it yeah I
lived there when I was about 200 or so I
think the leaves is about 120 hundred
yeah you're right the beds are more
expensive I think yeah alright let's go
home
oh the blog's gone like in five minutes
first I think Joffe is just met a fan at
the m petrol pump I think she just
called over he's like I love your show
I'm a big fan that was so cute she's
right over there
you're right over there if you were the
girl who said that um but yeah this
brings back so many memories like this
time last year we were here like we were
living here it was this kind of weather
because it was really autumnal and
everything and um we didn't have a baby
though it's just crazy to think that
that was like a year ago
I'm like I don't know everything changes
in a year it's grad this is actually the
time that we started saying that we'd
like a baby this time last year yeah
because we were living in Middleton I
remember we were on it was just after we
gotten married I'd never really thought
about getting pregnant or having babies
before and then something inside of me
just clicked when we got married and I
was like I would really like a bait like
I want to have kids and we're on the
walk we were walking Alvin Cena and
I said it to Jonathan I was like you
know I already wanted I think we should
have a baby and he was like well I've
always been up for having kids it's
always been you that's like you know in
two minds about it and I was like yeah I
know I just feel like because we're
married now and everything I feel like
it I there's something inside of me that
just wants to have a baby and that's
when we started talking about it and now
it's a year later and we have baby I was
just saying it was this time last year
it was just after we got married
yeah we're doing that walk without being
Cena yeah and I was like my first idea I
was like I think I want to have a baby
like I want to have kids now oh yeah
remember and now we're back here in
middle Middleton careful I still good
yeah um we're back here in Middleton and
we have a baby here later okay Hey all
right we're taking all these bad back
for Albie somebody's going back upstairs
to Albie now we're taking seen as bad
away for Cena I need to wash shoes and
clean them actually because I'm the
doctor doing crazy at them okay
there's no more beds but as a matter of
fact as a matter of fact you guys are
getting loads of new beds where we put
them we got rid of this thing as well uh
actually just prop it behind it order it
since a bit of a Club has been in the
drawer oh I know you're thinking what's
happening what's happening huh well let
me tell you guys about this oh don't
don't no no what
okay you go oh no no what did you guys
think of that huh you want another one
okay another one - another one okay
there's another one gonna claim your
back
claim your bed tame your bed at the
Bangaluru occasion
oh no is it a fad to everyone
no I think I'll be famous happen
oh well we can always leave these two
days and if I have you like so you can
have us okay this oh my god that's the
one in the pool
so maybe there is something about that
one look isn't that so funny okay
tier 2 Abed is this newbies do you like
that I'll be so no these ones we don't
turn him out no copilot I want to top it
out winner's name is put in the corner
yeah cuz you know sometimes wrestling
well in WrestleMania happens no they
like to go in a corner okay okay okay
they are kind of messy they're bringing
things into them yeah and then you can
put like two then in here huh what so
maybe people don't want to be behind the
doors that one there then we'll bring
them up so I can go yeah yeah that was
totally worth it look one each in a bed
with each of the bed you have your own
bed as well
all right here mrs. McGill press the red
button hate you pop you she's probably a
bit hungry for some num-nums
here's none them huh yeah boys like
let's see that okay mom's coming mom's
coming
oh good monster who stuck it out
Ruth tuck it out uh-oh uh-oh
good thing we had a little thing called
again
um dummy Jane damn a chain I couldn't
wear named it it is really handy cuz
like okay it looks like a woodland
Grande but when she's in like the M the
car seat and she kicks it out
it doesn't actually get on the ground
and get all dirty you want it back you
want it back
open up Gong Gong Gong Gong Gong boom is
it tasty is it is it made with poo honey
mmm I like honey I do
mm-hmm is that good yes how cute
yes you are yes you are with your little
funny hand gestures mm-hmm pleased to
meet you pleased to meet you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
