hello there welcome to the video let me
tell you about a new challenge in our
life today friends let's see I can now
see out of the bed hi are you gonna show
everybody so this is me put Alessi you
down for her sleepies alright
no yeah hey what's going on for her
first nap because just like what's good
yeah who's the strong little baby called
Alessia lassie yeah let's go time to get
ready
mommy's time to shine to unity maybe
yeah what's that well she's already lost
wouldn't a peasant she know she can do
like half an hour instead of an hour I
thought she didn't she lose the
afternoon one now so she down to one
match because one nap already no she's
just this one thing she used to go from
9 to 10 I'm excited the baby in the big
bed kids chew my stuff off and then
poured water on my pillow this morning
you know let's see if you'll sit up can
you sit up
Oh
oh if you can sit up means it oh because
then we can put it in like a little
rocker chair or something you know you
plop them in and it's got lots of things
they hit and everything oh just so they
can sit up because I bet she just wants
to get involved a dealer to know yeah
what is that called a saucer yeah the
sauce we thing yeah I think she's filled
to sit up first very cute
oh you're drilling ovary right now we
still much to people ago she gave me
good idea you know that yeah what I know
you're not hungry or tired I think
you're getting tired but you're not
ready yet she's gonna sit in the back
oh my toes this little piggy went to
market
oh this didn't think he had roast beef
and this little piggy had none and this
did it the Ewing
now did you see him there look at him
there did you look at him there now a
wee little lad oh geez media yeah we're
having to look at the little lad here
now he's standing on the toilet brush in
his seat huh
climb on board I'll bring you for lunch
I used to always bring you down remember
remember I used to bring the to use down
and we'd sing songs now you're all full
of media and today we have to crouch and
what are we doing today today we have to
go and pick up unless he has new school
uniform and Eduardo do you you can try
it on a go to school if you want how
about that plan yeah how about that's
the bedtime look at this little fella
here lookin this up there we're gonna
see the belly there zooming I'm zooming
I'm doing two zooms oh you finished yeah
oh no you gotta get those gotta get
those teats clean hey Dad what are there
enough blank you better one thank you
bear to blankie bear one thank you bear
to blankie bear one
we're going to get my news via muffled
and is it are we gonna go ahead waters
attack - yeah I located waters today
that's why I mean it's birthday party
next week talk to you next week
there's a baby to go baby girl I'm done
we can come without that who show me
baby Dexter
goodness guys something's going on in
our town there's so much traffic where
we are literally not moving we're moving
inches by inches what's going on what's
going on let's you bring me home
all right we made it we made it okay now
first we need to go into the Zippy
stitch and get the uniforms the old ones
that it means to be stitched and then we
need to go over and get the new uniforms
all right so when you pop
all right we've just lists of stuff here
we need to get what well we can't quite
a lot of stuff guys do you remember what
your uniform looks like Jeanne one of
those hats is it that looks cool what I
don't even ask what we're here for and
where is your school mate
no we find all the peas off I think
that's where after are you excited
though for your big girl uniform okay be
careful Eduardo oh my goodness this is
very stressful isn't it hmm
what are you enjoying uniform shopping
yeah what for where oh my goodness
right next year guys remind me to go get
the uniforms early that was insane
I feel like the entire town was there
trying to get our uniforms today that
was madness wasn't it guys well we got
them we got them didn't realize how much
I was getting Oh
watch out for all your friends was that
fun guys that was an adventure did it
you know it really brought me back to
when I remember I don't know how I work
here but in orange you have to always
queue up for the school books
I'll just get school books and genies go
box oh no forget Amelia can put her
seatbelt on
come on show all the boys and girls at
home how cool you are
that the klinken oh you get it
almost yeah look at you huh
no yours can't because it's too tricky
but soon next year I think you get to go
on a booster one all right
so Jonathan went to get a media's
uniform right he got everything that was
kicked off on the list which is exactly
what we already had
so I tipped off everything that we
already had which was most things and
then I wrote like physically just like
actually wrote one it explained
correctly yeah she gave me a list line
of all the things that you needed and
you know formulas I ticked off
everything we already had which had
already been labeled and then I wrote
out because I knew it wouldn't be enough
for him I wrote out a list of the things
that were left together so even though
they weren't ticked off on the list I
was like he's not gonna he's not gonna
know what this means so I wrote them all
out he bought everything that was ticked
on from the list plus everything that
was written out like instructions before
he left and he clearly wasn't listening
to get all the things on the list and
don't get all the things kicked on the
list we already have the ticked or did
you not meet you have how do you want me
to explain just give me a little yeah no
how did you want me to explain that we
already have ideas it was a bit odd that
I was getting quick so yeah and I bought
this stuff that we already had I'm like
oh that's funny isn't it
be really funny that you thought that
was odd when you didn't think to use
your brain or anything no so now we know
the loads of uniform
everybody needs a uniform just
anyway we need to take this picture now
this is the first time guys you know
it's the first time we're actually
taking the pictures yeah like you keep
state no no no I said not in this house
no no come this way look because she's
getting arrested last time I was here
and then we were like in sorrento no in
sorrento in sorrento in Sorrento is that
last one yeah yeah so it's like that is
our house our first Tennessee Court in
the second housing court and it's like
we're leaving here soon so I think it's
cool that disco we're actually featuring
this house because it's a better memory
I saw someone at Twitter who actually
started doing this that's so cool but
like the baby and I'm gonna start saying
well that's from me it's from me where's
my money going out Eduardo come here
don't want to get ya as a present I
bless you as a present for you what
close your eyes no no it's just for
Eduardo but immediat can play with it Co
close your eyes put your hands open your
eyes and it's the one with the wheels
that Jessica had that you really wanted
first we're gonna take the photograph
and if you're good during the photograph
you get to play with this and you can
play with it too you're getting your
injections next week so you can get one
then it's the injection present it's her
birthday
oh I know what the roller skates
yeah I was wondering why I was getting
them all right there are no what is this
yeah okay gays happen come on get your
top on what
