maybe
so finally after like how many hours of
separation and getting ready I look like
I said we will be out of there by 11:00
yes now well past 12:00
and we're just leaving port we're on our
way to Dublin it's our first-ever road
trip with Julia and it's so stressful
because you have to pack people first of
all my changing bag / handbag is like so
full like so fun it's like everything in
there about like all my makeup and my
like hairspray and
products and all that kind of stuff and
I've got all Emilia stuff we've got a
change of clothes I've got all her now
these are creams like everything I know
it's just crazy like the things that you
have to remember and then with the dogs
my mom and Erica
hopefully done it thought and check on
the dogs halfway through the day which
is really nice enough but we'll have to
organize the dogs you know like I had to
you know we had to give them up see
fresh water and food and make sure
everything was ready and like make sure
everybody had peed and food outside but
it's just so stressful and then like
Amelia has to be fed but yet I need to
get myself ready plus you know get her
stuff ready and it's just like and then
with changer and they're like yeah it's
like oh my god
we actually got these really cool things
attention right now because they don't
want to bend over to kind of her
but they're called dribble bibs and
they're from Irish fries they were in
that pack that we got and they're like
really release I actually had them she's
walking past it this morning there's
like there's mountains and stuff and I
think yeah no but I just noticed that
now as I going wait a second yeah
they're like disposable tiny tiny bits
and you just like kind of clip them on
to any outfit and therefore they're
suitable for newborns
so that's perfect because I was just
saying yesterday that none of her boobs
fit her now actually she's grown a
little bit and this outfit that we had
this outfit up this bib in her that
she's wearing right now in her hospital
bag and the vid was like so like it
wouldn't fit her at all and that's been
kind of it looks yeah so she's not to be
growing so
well yeah it just takes so much longer
with the baby to get out of the door and
you plan for a certain time and I just
never works out with us I have to feed
her it like pretty much the minute
before we go because I'm trying to get
her like fold but then you have to burp
her as well you can't just put her down
all the way she'll spit up all over
herself so
she usually doesn't spit off if I fart
her straight away she's like really good
like that but if I put it in Universal
in second when I'm trying to get my food
about you - bricen friends yeah
and back into everything if I put it
down and even for that short amount of
time she may spit up so
it's a learning curve it's learning
process I think we should have probably
left last week yeah should have went
straight from the hospital to jumpin
yeah you wanted to tell me what you want
okay she'd make up no no bingo don't you
want like you know they have like a
freezers that are like a fridge section
where they have like um sandwiches yes
salads and stuff sandwiches yes and
salads do they have like it if they have
like a tuna sandwich or something
tea or coffee water put on water save my
water okay that's not communal that's my
water I filled it up I keep it
tuna sandwich and if you don't have tuna
sandwich chicken salad or something
just something like one and Amelia made
a face did you see that sandwich bingo
a big cake
tasty coffee it's tasty yeah did it
really well it's okay everyone
we did it random applause moolah bus
onward this is how you know you're just
coming up to Dublin anyone right here
knows like the big ball I don't want to
ever made that thing but it's really
cool like it's like oh yeah now you know
you're in Dublin when you pass that
little ball it is getting think it's
like roadworks and stuff when he builds
all the roads are in here but yeah we're
here and we're on time okay we did not
have I did not plan on this part here
welcome to Dublin Houma traffic why is
there so much traffic it is half too
Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday
I'm gonna leave work early don't tell
the boss fairly how do the media's go
wait wait now I knew that's crossing me
okay I won't get it cause it is cute we
brought that yeah we brought the dog the
pink dog backup backup support just in
case yes the media's first time ago
although technically when I'm telling it
till we get Newlands cross then we're
kind of in Dublin cleanings a dolphin
aliens holla
in Britain shares if he wear it media
his soul proceed I first sent my eyes
and say my name at all sometimes I feel
like you guys the audience are kind of
like the passengers you know at the kids
in the back you're like where are we
going dad
think you've no idea where we're going
in the adventure have you figured it out
yet kids think it's in here oh god I
think it's in here Oh Oh God
okay like no no you can go here it's not
in there no she's awesome her hair weave
drove in there is another car park up
here
I'm crazy for you let me guess yet does
anyone guessed yet
oh this this entrance here
alrighty let's get this out my robot
that's robot robot activation yeah hello
oh is that we've got to say to me hello
and welcome to Dublin hello and welcome
to Dublin okay we've got a little bear
here little dog here sorry
dad's an idiot the toe tiny with just di
yeah because it's just got the wind ping
in us you having fun in there
he does like it like it was love you put
the little dog in there this is our
first time walking in stroller with a
baby and he is excited unfortunately due
to a over parking or a little bit far
away nuts but it's nice it's a nice
sunny day she doesn't have a rain jacket
but no one wants tea is that okay what
you do the baby need a visitor's pass
security will have her kicked out yeah
yeah
and she has been so good like she just
slept the whole way down
 she's still asleep yeah I think
she really likes her hello stroller
thing yeah because it's kind of like
driving I suppose I just still like the
motion is still going the motion in the
ocean how exciting is that gonna be on
TV I don't even know about it
this is a dress mm-hmm-hmm she's a diva
with her clothes yeah actually I have a
change of clothes for her she have a
writer made it this is what I expected
you know what only yellow M&Ms in a jar
oh come on good girl don't you keep all
these photos isn't is she leaky at all
no good thank you
I used to put on one spot or another
spot but no if she does that she moves
yes people ever heard game is to try and
see you where you don't have a coverage
no I'd like to wear this in a dress
it's her big decree her going hey this
guy's just thinking about this dude it's
the same thing ya know ready
we saw Majesco 3000 feedings I forgot to
mommy look at the mommy Oh mommy's
taking clothes off I don't need that
much obviously
so maybe it's getting her first and make
up maybe just a t-shirt clown Rises
retire sit a long night no way too much
mommy actually came with her own wipes
if you run ever all done woke up time
how do I look I don't look all made up
didn't even notice me
yeah I know what you mean
is one quick look you ready first time
on TV excited she's good um it's just
the part where we actually have to take
her out
did you ever die yes I know what a TV
will you be under news
she's almost eight now oh god I forgot
that when I told my dad no no it's
creepy oh my goodness of all the days to
come to Dublin this is such a beautiful
day you think so she's got a little pink
thing on yeah but it matches everything
we're nearly home and you all right the
car this is so nice it's the first time
walking right into pathos oh yeah it's
like Jonathan oh I think II think I have
a moment there you put that wheel there
so it's careful I'm breaking I'm
breaking that was a funny at one point
during the m4h of it oh yeah it's on a
Monday by the way guys so this is a
Saturday so it'll be out in two days on
tv3
I have actually no idea that has the
same wheels the same coated I use my car
over there
except my cars over here what
it's like cars option that's mine alight
911 isn't it high five
so like a few minutes in the morning
talking away like how's it going here we
go here we go hiccuping this well right
let's get out of here oh goodness oh
goodness you guys see that
and you're there's a reason I left of
them I couldn't remember why two eyes
okay this is not the reason I've done a
holy crap you guys even see that let's
get some Zuma chair for you look at that
oh man oh man we are all just gonna take
forever it again this is the cue for
Cork no it's not it's the key for the
Red Cow but we were stuck in it might
make it stone yeah yeah I thought we can
hate wearing makeup on the show if you
guys are wondering why he and you'll
notice Joe first looked like extra
harness
because I wear makeup like a movie star
hi I'm a movie star
welcome to the traffic jam that we
called Dublin the double Dublin Jam I'll
just take my seat here just take your
seat and somebody will be here is this
valet parking valet valet parking home
hi
what do three for Cork please
whenever you're wear makeup of the guy
no you think like looking in the cars
man here know if I'm a good boy I bet
that over there sniggering sniggering
and sniffling of him the guy over
there's confirmation that I powdered did
she powder my nose I both wanted a part
of myself
excuse me may I retire to Detroit room
whiteness powder you know that's in the
mirror I I generally look like I look
photoshopped yeah that's how I think of
it like someone put a Gaussian blur over
me it's like little blur over me my
Instagram
oh my god it's way like Instagram when
you go in you're like hey can I get
Instagram I use X Pro is my if you use
Instagram leave me a comment of what
your guilt or somebody's on that
Nashville I used to use the tree they
tree I'm not sure it's a light one but
then I found X Pro - I think it's expert
- I don't know an expert one is but I've
had an ex-pro to you and I was like oh
my god I love it hey I always look
really tan nice nice contrast II you
never look bad when X Pro - suck it's
kind of like full circle there's the
ball as you say goodbye as he say good
night to Dublin good night Dublin I'll
see you soon
sleep well without us
so you don't really think like for the
first six weeks it takes it you know the
baby has to get into a schedule so we
decided for the first six weeks we'll
just get takeout every day it's the only
rational thing to do in the situation
we're waiting here for the man with the
dumb names
it's a moment the numbers coming he is
calming but he's taking his sweet
freaking tight man you here have the
puppies contained
the doggies contained hello thing is you
don't hear diam you don't hear the
delivery guy turn up yo let's tear them
up right and then you're like oh no way
yeah yeah I got a nap so you know when
he turns up and then you're like you
like you know he's that size but you
like you could just open the door as he
comes up to the house but then you don't
want to seem too eager you don't seem to
like I I've been waiting I've been
waiting all my for you to come see you
kinda have to play it cool see you here
coming up yeah you just standing here
then he rings the doorbell then you're
like oh wait you can't have to talk too
quickly cuz that also sounds like you've
been just hanging around so you just
hearing some doorbell you can I wait for
a bit okay copy hello here copper thank
you I love mommy yeah well the other one
makes you look like a boy it does it's
black did you have a good day in Dublin
didn't know where she was she was asleep
here she woke up got fed in Dublin and
then went back asleep and woke up in
Cork you have no idea have you thank you
those who Jim Jim's team exam time is
fine
she's definitely cups and she started
hiccuping on on TV as that was funny no
funny I love your little chubby cheeks
my stable healthy teeth my my four and
she has her eyes open
yeah Thai food chicken Thai curry please
it's never coming I'm starting to think
it's never gonna arrive you're not
getting change are you trying to make a
time out sign or something are you
saluting there's something oh my god oh
my god we made a real good one dad
you're nothing here your num-nums are in
the boobies
you got boobie num num boobie num nums
booby number a very long time
I know it's a Friday night you know what
like yeah yeah email confirmation can
you make it go faster you see hmm
pull your toe what are you know it felt
like the right thing to do these are
getting a bit small now yeah they are
actually my game early she is going and
what a feed was that like 30 minutes or
40 minutes she's becoming a feed monster
yeah good good thing oh yeah it's a
great thing like that's the good thing
our breast feed you know is that like
you always have it it's like on top to
give you today we're in Dublin we didn't
have to like pack a lunch
although I was quite hungry I wasn't
acting at one part myself a little
supper
yeah I figured it probably isn't as nice
as it might sound I still have to
we have to try it up on pad know how
many weeks six weeks six weeks and then
we try to pump and then I get the feeder
that would be cool like there's so many
times when you're like worn out and hard
and you have to like feeder there's
nothing I can do I feel so like useless
good for the clippity-clop
he's like what if all delivery man have
to wear you know those like tap-dancing
shoes with little Spurs at the end rinks
but then say somehow they made like
Jennifer Jennifer delivery delivery and
it gets later I dog speak English they
do understand but I don't understand
this where's my food
furious me hungry hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
