hi viewers thank you so much for
watching my flip TV
let me Sparkle some magic all over you
Oh
you ready for an adventure when hiccup
means yes - he eclipses no that's one
hiccup I guess you are oh you already
had a hat no you finished off hold on
tight folks you gonna be a fun to run
fan like your mom so you're gonna be a
scaredy cat like your dad how cute I
don't know if you guys will be able to
see her can you see her in the mirror
this road is very bumpy so it's just
like no you can't really steer sorry
sorry about that make you look pretty
cute just take our word for it take our
word for it so it's really cute we have
her in her birthday suit not naked
tomorrow her yet tomorrow she's a big
old and the first baby grow that we put
her in was the Carter's won the draft
one with the little footsies it's so
cute and everyone all this stuff in the
hospital were like oh my god I love her
baby girl who is really cute so that's
probably one of our favorites and that
came from a subscriber I think it was a
girl from Texas if I got that wrong I'm
really sorry just leave a comment if
you're not
what is going on here I noticed the CNA
they've taken out the whole area huh
anyways see I haven't left the house in
a few days so I don't really know what's
going on I could like leave the house
some day and then oh the trees will be
gone and all the heads will be knocked
down and I'll be like where am I the
only thing I'm nervous about taking her
out is the feeding because I'm not
enough percent comfortable breastfeeding
yet you know like I can do it but I need
a lot of quiet time and just need to
concentrate kind of where I was like I
couldn't do it in public the way I'm I
am right now
plus I only gave birth like one six days
ago so actually this day last week was
the induction like beginning so my god
like 20 pounds to I'm probably would
have been heading to hospital now yeah
exactly this time actually I think we're
eating lunch at my mom's house oh he
cooked us that really oh the soup that
actually helped a lot because it kept me
going for like the whole day cuz they
don't give you a lot of food in there
obviously like but uhm yeah so this time
last week we were heading as she was in
my belly instead last
facing the back you know that inside you
you know can you guys see let me just
try
Emilia your first rainstorm rainstorm
and welcome to the city this is what the
city looks like Amelia pretty appetizing
and she's checking out the sights can
you see her through that oh I can see
her I just don't think you guys oh you
can look right there but not really not
really
can you see her it's colors to come you
ever want to go to Melia you want to do
Commerce that's what I always thought it
was the College of Commerce but it does
not here's just a college further
education College all goodness this is
this is very stormy all of a sudden look
this is the thing or talking right right
she you know upset right because we
stopped right watch this let's get going
let's get going and peace have ID here I
dragged the hell yeah the better here
you go
we need to be able to drive the house so
we got some cards from you guys this one
comes from Deirdre capillar Oh
whom I actually recognized her name
because she's on Twitter I think and she
said does that frame that's in
Josephus's study it's the one with
Amelia as far as uh ultrason yeah when
the fact that she was and co got still
so she sent this card it's so cute how
to raise parents so thank you so much do
your draft we got this one which is so
cute look girls rule boys drool and then
it says well okay she might drool too
but it will be adorable and she's
drooling in the picture it so cute so
this is from Liam and pearl from London
so and they said that they watch our
vlogs every single day and they would
excited to meet Amelia I'm guessing you
guys all sent these before she was born
so you hadn't actually seen her yet
that's kind of funny that we got this
card from Fiona and the doggies
some cure here on their walks many ways
we're passing the lock by showing me
layers and I'm in a buggy and chase on
the birds yeah I'll be Encino like this
part yeah
puppies unfortunately I've never been
here we can do like to do anything
anyway so this card is so cute it's a
baby girl ribbons and bows and cute
little toes and it's from Fiona Barrett
who is a past co-worker of
doofuses Holly when I was when I was a
business so thank you so much for
viewing up we got an adorable handmade
gift from Katie from London who wrote
this lovely letter and she even put
little X's and O's and hearts on the top
and she yeah she sent this before I mean
yeah it's so funny reading all your
guys's letter no like by this time
hopefully I mean I would be here and I'm
like oh my god you didn't even know it's
funny because I am Katie said the 8th of
September yeah I wonder if one of those
envelopes somebody guessed the 11th yeah
and get it right but what you made
awesome is amazing I'm so I'm I'm just I
don't know what to say thank you so much
we got this letter and poem from
Michaela O'Shea from Scotland and she
said she's been writing poems since she
was seven and she's actually one did she
say she was probably I should date
someone that's been published so she
wrote us a poem how sweet is that she
wrote it on this really fancy paper as
well and with all these fancy pens so
the ciccone Jolie's you got you gotta
write it in a Scottish accent
Anna you're the kind of woman who is the
most down-to-earth human where makeup is
part of your world
Amelia in your belly all curled a video
on the starlight every day because in
Cork it's rainy all day I'll be seen on
all the pups are that small they could
fit in cups dofus you're the kind of man
that's tried out fake tan you're a
first-time dad don't worry it won't be
hard left loose is where the vlogs go
come hail sleet rain or snow you never
fail to make me laugh I'd like to say on
everyone's behalf thank you and then she
sent a card as well I think this is for
our okay that's just showing the point
for our wedding anniversary I think
that's what she said yeah she sent a
wedding anniversary card and she had
decorated the front but looks some of
the gems fell off in the envelope but
she put one and then a and J isn't that
so cute and she said that it was the
first card she'd ever made for anybody
outside of her family so that was so
sweet thank you so much Mickey we got
this card from Galway I think
yeah Louise Everest in Galway
congratulations on the birth of your
beautiful baby girl and me Mia no it's
closing you guys are my favorite
youtubers and you will make great
parents
thank you my OMA the media is great oma
going all the way the girl currents are
so key because they're all pink so I'm
like I'm like I just love it I don't
know what I would do if we had had a boy
because I'll be blue and I'd be like but
seriously everything is all pink now so
it's this occurred with a little bunny
and it's from the UK and it's from
Adrian she said to Anna Jonathan I'll be
seen on field if they have the I can
infer line she smells more right so well
done congratulations on the birth of
immediately are lots of love and best
wishes Adrian
so we got this card which is huge
actually this Winnie the Pooh card from
Maria from Malta and she wrote us such a
long it's actually really remember when
Anna said it was from all that and I was
like oh Anders a girl that loves the
cows yeah I knew exactly who it was
actually when I saw Maude I was like
this is Maria cuz I recognized her name
from Twitter yeah so she wrote a lot of
stuff in this card but basically the
main gist of her Noah story which was so
amazing is that she and her boyfriend
broke up after like a six-year
relationship and I hope she doesn't mind
me seeing this was all first name is her
name but anyways the county yeah and
it's really sweet story and then she
sent her ex-boyfriend a video where of
log of ours where javis had mentioned
her I think yeah and shown like a yogurt
Cardon with the cow on it because I
think she likes cows and
then they started watching the vlogs
like you know separately and then they
played talked about it sometimes and
catch up or whatever and after a year
apart
it says here long story short after
you're apart we're back together and now
we watch the vlogs together in bed isn't
that so sweet
so they actually got back together and
now they watch and they they found love
to her vlogs is so cool that is you know
where I'm going I am going to the mommy
and baby oh my god where is it where is
it their parent and child parent and
child would agree oh my god here's one
yeah yeah right Parker I feel so
privileged we also got this card this
lovely card with the butterfly from
Estelle who lives in France I think it's
not the first time we got anything from
France I think so and she said I never
comment on your videos but this moment
is so special that I had to write you
this short card that is so sweet as I
love when like you know this is like an
anonymous person almost that we've never
heard of before yeah
that we don't really know but yeah and
now we know who you are we know where to
find you now we know where you live so
thank you alright
please I noticed that we're down to my
last box of Pampers so I reckon you
should probably stock up because I think
running at a palmer is probably the
worst thing ever
keep it keep it did you do first let's
go get all this we use this thing a lot
dark skin no I'm on track
fare to normal guess this one what's
next
simple wipe simple simple simple simple
simple wipes or simple brand a simple
stuffs like simple wipes are wipes
simple no bad
Oh No oh goodness this is what I was
afraid of there's a selection should I
get
look these ones here time to skin
vitamin goodness we'll take it so that
doesn't happen again nice got your son
stopped actually bought two huge things
in oh sorry I did you keys oh this gets
too cold right oh nice
that's so nice that was from a company
man subscriber disengage that we're
breaking our rules it's like um
this brand was when you popular in like
the 20s I think oh that's the one I was
like Marilyn Monroe and yeah yeah like
red interior Louboutins yeah see that's
so I think it just bag and everything
with it it's so cute
and it's like Jimmy likes color isn't it
it is cuz they have it in black and they
think red or white as well but because I
already have the Moschino one in black
yeah that's perfect
did you open you to think know what's
you know far from the diaper bag diaper
bag yeah nice tray that we get home
our maid will show and stylist I turn to
my beautiful day we're gonna sleep bit
of rain one last
heart I think this thoughts or you say
there's more than fairness I think are
good they don't leave anybody out just
just you know for people I know we've
had a lot of new viewers of lady just so
you know what we do is that we read out
all the cards if anyone sends yourself
you just read out the cards and stuff we
don't show like the gifts and stuff but
we love card and we love letters and
things like that
and there's no need to send us anything
else at all so don't ever feel like you
need to because we just really
appreciate you guys watching and
subscribing and it really means so much
to us and then when you send us letters
and tell us like a little bit about
yourself it's just really nice so that's
really what the POF well the feel box is
really there for like companies and
their business and all that kind of
stuff but that's really why we shared it
in the first place so and all these
cards are so sweet so this one comes
from poor people
I think it's family Fiona Richey Brian
and Dylan and it's a mom I think and her
three boys are no two of two boys
what was rich again oh maybe that's her
husband sorry okay
yeah she said I watch every night when I
get my boys to bed I have two boys Brian
is Brian is ten and Dylan is three okay
so Ritchie's obviously her husband I'm
guessing it's not her dog because a lot
of people have like dogs and stuff and
they they sign their names too but I
think it's probably her husband being
that she put her boys second but yeah
she said she's from court and she said
that she saw us both in Douglas and
Wilton which didn't want to be forward
and approached us that is so ho sweet
but anytime you see us like don't be
scared we're not we won't be like
annoyed early like anything if you want
to come up and say hi we always love
when people come up and say hi so yeah I
don't be shy and we won't bite or like
be mean or anything so thank you so much
for this card should also sent a little
a little blessing medal this one right
here it I think it's a guardian angel
that's really cute thank you
so weird where's our new house guys
spacious yeah nice I just figured media
Dena she's a princess
it's also known as Black Rock castle
it's an observatory it's an observatory
and this is the walk this is the end of
the walk that we used to do with Alby
and seeing all the time I missed that
one but we do it like sometimes now but
it's just hard with the pups and
everything it's easier to just walk them
in our area but this is really nice
because it's right on the water but this
is the where it ends up we never go this
far because
alright guys we did it once I think I'll
be yeah poor guy I know I think he
really carried the way home but ya know
it's pretty pretty here it's actually
nice autumnal weather for Skype session
huh how was it playing for some numbness
yeah look we never I forgot to say we're
in quark news by now I just had to make
a little adjustment there 150 I think
it's like I didn't hear something but uh
oh
if they're like 15 I was like whoa a
second wait a second control pega
Instragram how would you look at this
fella he's a grand if you want you're a
spoiler don't call him Tony hey it's
Tony a fixer boiler that boiler there I
do it was like the ultimate sleeper you
just do this we should just like have a
device that does this or he just hire
someone
what does this say a robot or something
a Cylon but not we huh
you're walking Nanako and you guys want
to play for the job as a rocker
a mod in a rocker
he wouldn't head on yeah one that sees
well we have the blanket in the car
lovely she doesn't like to be interfered
with come on my little gnome I hate
doing this I hate it oh it's not me not
me it's mom no oh oh is it your D bye
cutie pie yeah
I can Moroccan
I'm looking for a bitmap because we have
a little nappy bin it's so small
it's just like you know you go to Ilana
you look to a lot of nappies all right
so apparently there's not look at these
ah oh my goodness and that'd be so cool
spit too young for that though all right
where is there a bin the silver bin is
that the one I was talking I hear spider
room
hmm there's a lot of Sylvanian products
here huh pony hi viewers thank you so
much for watching my flip TV let me
Sparkle some magic all over you Oh
Nero Magica never get me be magical the
only one there's no one there what
having live is definitely an added
advantage although I have to admit her
poopoo when I smell her poop least I
know I'll change her nappy
is it weird to say I like this
Malevich's it's kind of like apples or
something like that that's why I was
there I was like it's like strudel or
something it's not like a foul poopies
now it's like Oh cute poopy smell but I
think anyway so is it the silver one
yeah okay that's the one I took cos you
know we didn't have a linen and I was
like we should get the lid probably no
we bought the silver one I think so my
mom got this card
she got a card not me but I hope she got
this card from my sister's friend Darren
and it's so cute look what it says keep
calm and carry on cuddling and it's a
congratulations card for becoming an
umma for Grandma so that was really cute
but where's my character
like Hello Nicole has little media
Nicole asked me Flint I know I got it
he's so cute Nicholas do la familia
Nicholas that's Nicholas I'm surprised I
can't kill Cheers
she was fussing so much and I she's just
totally cam Danny
she's so cute I think she really loves
her pink doggy the singing doggy there's
like so one key cuz I don't fix the
rehab but I'm scared to move her cuz she
looks so peaceful there we can't really
see the colors but she's in her little
pink jim-jams
my bunny ones from her OMA house a
matching babe as well which I may put on
because I just projectile vomited all
over the Carters one which is in here
see that's our laundry hamper or a
laundry basket which clearly is not big
enough so I'm gonna do another load
laundry tonight and our stupid told I
will not work it just keeps shorting in
it so I'm gonna try I think I just need
to put on a smaller load I think that's
what's wrong with it it's just like I
don't know it's fussy
it's a fussy one so okay you stay there
that's the cool thing about that
changing table which isn't changing
people at all it's a oh yes I can't see
me in here
it's actually the crib but for now it's
a changing table because she was
sleeping with us and it's working really
well because it's got bars so you can
just leave her in there for hours on end
no I'm just kidding if you need to go do
something and she's not gonna fly it
javis is vacuuming because he's the best
husband ever
that's why um basically the nurse is
coming though what'd you call her again
hummingbird Bush I can't remember right
now but she's coming too basically she's
like the district health nurse or
whatever and she just checks up on how
things are going
usually just the heel prick test but
because I mean it was born just the days
she was born on and then it fell on a
weekend was wondering about discharged
from the hospital that's why she
couldn't do it cuz I how Sudan day 4 day
4 was a Saturday so usually she would do
that she also does um you know like she
helps you out if you're having problems
with breastfeeding or feeding the baby
or any questions that you might have and
she checks your stitches if you have
them as well so she'll be checking me
and so she's coming tomorrow scene
that's just going through the laundry
Feeney's what are you doing so don't
mind me I'm just popping some pills I'm
on so many painters okay um yeah so
she's going to come tomorrow and um I
was just getting stressed out because I
always do about the house I was like nah
I'm clean morning you morons like calm
down I will do everything cuz it's not
even like I have to clean more it's just
like it's just like I vacuumed then
there's stuff brought into the house
from there all of the dogs and then it's
vacuum like basically every single day
which I can't
because I'm still kind of I'm supposed
to be on not bed rest but like my doctor
told me he was like don't get dressed
for two weeks and then he looked at me
he was like I know that's probably
impossible for you to do I was like yeah
I guess what he said that in my head I
was like didn't say that Jim but anyways
um I didn't make my style that video
shakes it was just so busy we went out
and we didn't come home for ages and
then I was too tired so I'm sorry guys
I'll do it tomorrow instead it's just
being crazy but hopefully you all
understand all of you who watch the
style diet because that's if you don't
then just watch the blogs if you're
angry at me
just watch the blogs instead but I will
be back to doing four videos a week I
promise
but anyways I'm listening yeah so he was
like you should rest up and don't get
dressed for two weeks and just stay in
bed and like trying to relax and stuff
and I have not been doing that at all
and even my mom was like you haven't
been doing that like you need to rest
you need to like you know heal and
recover and everything and I'm just like
I'm new to so yeah sucks but um hey guys
what you doing Joffe is is so nice
because he knows that I'm stressed out
about it and he knows that whatever
visitors come to the house I
automatically just think my ice isn't
clean enough I need to clean more so
he's vacuuming downstairs and kind of
cleaning up for me so that I don't have
to soothe him so thank you doofus and
she is so peaceful right now I don't
know what's going on she was so fussy
for ages and no she's fine
I'm gonna find your bib Missy otherwise
you're gonna ruin this whole ensemble as
well okay hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Joley
and don't forget to like the video
favorite the video because there will be
ah
