don't ever get married don't ever have a
boyfriend in fact boyfriends are stupid
in fact you should just marry me
Oh who did a little smile huh she look
at a smile
Tina smiles me little smile
so we just put her in this lovely outfit
oh no I'm just I'm home walking again so
lesson learned today don't dress the
child up before defeating it is cute
Pink's your class is you like pink
you like your pink nurse Lee please
trying to maybe put on your shoulder I
think she got it all out there fine yeah
I'll take her upstairs and change anyone
who didn't expose the food booth Rose
when I open yeah before they open when
it's dark and yeah she has both eyes
open all right she's a vampire a vampire
are you team Jacob or Team Edward is it
yeah I think Edward if she's a vampire
she make a vampire
are you gonna feed on my blood oh you
make the most amazing little faces you
know that oh they're big brown eyes
she's so pretty
he's so pretty
we go daddy on a fun adventure yeah I
love the preak right it's kind of like
sometimes it's not crying no but it's
just the way it actually just like kind
of scrunches up he's like the whole face
throws like Kanye's like you know right
all rightie knees okay let's go with
that oh there is so much laundry look at
that that is Amelia's pile Jones's pile
my pile and then these three maybe you
guys can help me out with this actually
because I don't really have a clue bad
laundry or anything like that but um
these tree vests for some reason they're
all the same ground I think they're done
stores or something and they're pure
white except for one which has bunnies
on it for some reason the stains didn't
come and I don't know and I put it on a
40 degree wash so maybe joint h2 like a
it was lights as you can tell but there
were some Pink's in there and some
different colors I didn't want anything
to run so I wasn't all like pure white
so should I put it on like a higher wash
it's not why the stains didn't come out
like I have no clue so let me know if
you have any tips and then these are so
cute but they make such a mess look at
the floor
so um dirty because it's got like they
just bring in all the grass from outside
so I need to vacuum there's so much to
do and then at some point I need to make
lunch for myself and I also need to do
the dishes Angeles's rocket is fairly
dead I would say but I can't turn it
because if I throw it out he will accuse
me of murdering his plants and um I
didn't murder anybody
because I was in hospital a few days
okay so it wasn't me but anyways we want
to get new beds for the dogs because um
okay why is it not focusing there we go
this is seen as bad this is alby's bed
as you can tell they love them so we're
going to get two more for the pups and
then two more to replace Albion Cena's
or maybe we'll swap it I don't know
whatever because I think these were fine
initially but I think they all deserve
their own bed so how did you that well I
can't
but geophys will maybe do that today and
then I will make my lunch and my mom
brought the best cake ever
oh my god I had this one last night pear
and Amin tart and this is coffee cake
which javis loves so we definite
my god sorry I'm getting also checked my
mom prepare or she was she made us
dinner at the last day and then last
night we got takeout because we're she
came over for a long time and we're like
don't make us anything like that's not
right you know
and then today she's making us lasagna
turkey lasagna I'm so excited so it's so
nice of her to do that for us and I'm
really looking forward to her
home-cooked meals and it's done hey
yankin it's all clean
I clean the kitchen I vacuum into the
hall so that looks good too
yay just bring up the laundry and then I
have to do at home
or longer because it's never-ending
everybody was like once you have a baby
the laundry gets insane and someone else
is like think you need to buy a bigger
like laundry hamper his arse is like
tiny it's like literally like that much
no yeah like that much off the ground
pretend this is the ground so we
definitely bigger one so yeah I cannot
wait to move to our new house which has
a dishwashers I don't know if there's
anymore and which has a tunnel right
that actually works because this one
here it keeps like shorting it all the
time which is really annoying cousin you
have to wait but it does work it's just
like if it work 100% so
mmm eat my lunch now okay yeah I used to
uh shelf life I used to I used to have
room here I used to have room and board
it was so cute it is so cute but like
what am I supposed to fit this little
corner here this is my alligator he's
taking up all the space
okay I'll be you taking a baller space
oh no you see that what he does he can
it's not like a growl it's like it leave
me alone
your van does exactly the same thing
this is like oh you wouldn't say nothing
no Jay no way hits he knock them dead
chilly wasn't here any other words
dragon who's a little grump sting grumpy
and sting so nice yesterday when your
family was over hmm and I went into the
kitchen thinking that I had to walk and
everything is done and ply hit down
everything that's my sister's husband my
older sisters of them I was so nice and
so nice my god when they came over they
all my or my mom had bought the cakes
the pie and everything and I'm she hid
bought like paper paints and she told me
for about a bit because she was like oh
you point want to wash up um she had
bought like napkins mmm oh it's cute
stuff and then you know like Josephus's
sisters both um went in the kitchen and
they serve they made the peas and served
everybody and I just didn't have to do
anything was like like waiting on me
hand and foot in my own what's how many
come around today afternoon Oh your mom
is making us lasagna today did you know
oh you guys knew before I did you do oh
yeah you're gonna go ahead go ahead
let's go there's this one picture taken
our designed here this one picture I
took of her and she had like this did
your eyes are open but it's like a claw
she's like ha ha ha that's a little
pinky because she's posh I'm so glad we
have this in the bigger side
yeah I know what dude how many she's
growing out or something already
that's quite right sure you neck
crackery me did all her laundry and I
folded everything
hmm he just cuz it everything's a little
you know yeah I was like oh my god I
have enough space for all this but of
course I jokes I took it from you know
just the back and Twitter yeah yeah yeah
we said oh is that it's at the first
thing laundry done the first stuff from
when she was
yeah after she's been here yeah kinda
wanna sexually is like my god says
floating everybody stuff whereas before
I just do like the lobe with just
herself Ramona yeah or just our stuff
but then this time I was folding
everybody stuff and I was like you know
looking a pile for dad with you mom
making love for a baby how do they all
get up here
I do stuff over why are all the girls in
my bed oh I never thought I'd be
complaining that there's too many girls
in my bed but I am excited me and obviou
right you know we have right Tina and
teal yeah did you dream it up what do
you dream about you know if you're like
four days old five days old and what do
you dream about what stimulation did you
man in your life to remineralize life is
definitely or em1 on there it's crazy
fannia four or five day old viewers give
me some comments and let me know what
you dream about
well nice had a visitor to our snoozy
Suzie sundae we're just in this trick of
M when the media goes down the chicken
and for like two or three hours you know
so feeder changer and we'll all just go
to sleep then we all just wake up and
then we do that and then like say later
on tonight when I cease for a couple
hours we sleep a couple hours and then
it's broken number up but it's like it
doesn't feel as hard then you know cuz
you're kind of sleeping with her she's
essentially in charge of our lives now
now I now me yeah I you know bear he's
married almost coming over almost coming
ex-ac oh my oh my I was going with some
lasagna
ba ba ba ba ba ba ba boom boom mmm you
didn't throw the berry thank you
oh hey hey oh oh
crazy matter Birds huh ooh
smiled a minute ago then your first
smiled you wanna do it again
when do it again you and a little smile
again when you smile
Oh No Oh - don't be dumb but I'm gonna
put on my number number number number
I'm gonna blow filling him with a poopoo
what about it - good mom she'll pop off
bottom penny the baby's like the Gangnam
style he's healing for the Gangnam style
oh she kisses smile a minute ago I was
trying to get in the farm I missed it
and that's what I did get though this is
my serious face epic there's telling it
a little smile I saw nobody else did did
you smile did you just take you to her
did you just take your own hair makes up
for your facial movements these were
movements I know you're just waiting for
me the men I turn this up you want to be
smiling and laughing I may get all the
faces aren't yet was that your plan huh
is it your plan do you have a plan she
was laughing a minute ago yeah no I'll
try to do it again
oh my goodness
check this defect
oh my god Wow fresh homemade lasagna
no did I see another thing missile is it
more than magic juice I think it's more
of the magic juice got the stuff
yesterday he's incredible I could be
setting up a Google extruder or
something boy oh my god was amazing was
like loads of fruits and I buy the fruit
salad in the morning and just brought me
like a big bowl which I thought it was
like charge or something for those all
millions of friends mushed together it's
kind of a smoothie I suppose but a very
condensed smooth it was amazing isn't it
amazing being cat was the most amazing
thing you've ever seen in your life
we didn't see it added history this is
the most amazing you wanna fix in life
in you kidding me
he didn't get your knees wrong got you
you loser
Chuck didn't you didn't change it off
yourself huh where's the rest of the
gang mr. estelí I own you guys do you
guys smell you smell zhonya lasagna
lasagna
would you like lasagna would you like
lasagna I know lasagna is probably like
an Italian word but it sounds like it
should be like a Spanish word lasagna el
less yeah hmm I don't let me lasagna
hasta luego
hmm Monsieur speedy speedy the Vanya
here always Irish words right now
no my Spanish word honey where did you
go Spanish Spanish cheese house to
Spanish hostage bunny she's Christie Oh
people Rosa Hilo Roosevelt
oh my god what have you gotten yourself
what were you doing I'm going to see we
were praying in a bush I can only assume
you were praying in rush were you
playing one of us do you know George
Bush are you friends with him
he knows about the George Ford theater
wasn't on the plane
enjoy flesh oh my god is you ready there
you see what I did there are connecting
the dots
scramble it's an incredible achievement
it's an incredible achievement I'm glad
you brought all these em little bits of
grass and everything with you inside on
the end oh ma I play my Amelia okay Oh
CEOs special thank you this is what our
day consists of waking up feeding
changing a nappy burping sleeping waking
feeding changing sleeping waking feeding
changing stupid flaky feeding changes to
think we keep eating changes people
I'm gonna go and have some lasagna yeah
so lucky or so lucky my mom is the best
cook ever
and she gave us soup I know soup du jour
YUM
tomorrow dough is day one of normality
and I'm gonna try ever gonna I we're
gonna shoot some Starlight videos well
last time I had a workout was the Monday
before we went in for induction so I'm
done anything since then so work out
tomorrow we should probably swing by to
poke seeing on Friday
oh god you know I'm getting the stylee's
on strike a normal day and let's see how
that works out because these last few
days I think well I'm getting used to
you to be honest I have I've gotten used
to you you just look at her all day long
you think one of my lips is bleeding oh
yeah I'm not sure what to do I don't
have that problem it's not like pumping
blood or anything it's just like a
little teeny tiny bit was on then I know
she's got teeth but I bet she could kind
of bite it though that's why is sucking
in them to me like yo homes cuz right
and her suck my finger and she does like
she does like kind of mmm pretty crunch
down mom Kalon she's a clown sure you
look like you
when a baby start reacting to you you
only eat their foot nigga hands Oh
happens pretty fun yeah she's pretty -
kiss baby
so for Venus Blue Heelers oh she's
inside you like you know she's sitting
up and everything and she's only I was
June July August September she kind of
smiles she smiles on her Steve sometimes
I don't
yeah so if you guys like three months
that's kind of Christmas this is some
few months but Christmas you'd be like
mica yeah know what I'm saying if if we
get two months that's just an indication
of how much they grow no time she'll
have a boyfriend she'll leave me don't
ever get married don't ever have a
boyfriend
in fact boyfriends are stupid in fact
you should just marry me that's what she
should do see this Miami we can involve
you just oh don't ever leave us okay you
promise just just just some sort of it
yeah yeah I'll take that if that's a
legal legal binding document there you
promise okay if you do ever get married
I'm gonna show this video on your
wedding day and I'm gonna say first
you're beautiful you're beautiful
beautiful creature of the night
Oh creature of the night now feel
co-co-co did you try to steal all the
toys are you trying to steal all the
toys look at him he's so cute is so cute
you get it you get it did you get it did
you get it
I think it's attached though I think
it's attached
oh yeah who's that good Nevaeh is Italy
don't know Mia okay deal
baby baby baby baby baby baby baby girl
bring us inside for Putin just Putin is
happening right now
toast it's lasagna
this is a tango one Emilia eats eight
seven four take off the chains of those
people nappy that one
is that a fart diesel that's what I need
actually your next cue up here I'm gonna
she does a little thing I think that's
one of the hardest parts of like the
postpartum thing is um just down there
I'm like because I had well it's not
even because I had an episiotomy I think
Dan there's gonna be a bit weird anyway
what like no matter how we've given
birth well I guess if you had a
c-section but then you have other things
to think about and it's in some things
it's worse but um it's just it's really
difficult because I'm wearing the UM if
you're a guy just to knit but I'm
wearing the you know the huge maternity
pads which are like massive industrial
sized things and the muscle down there
like you're supposed to do lots of
pelvic floor exercises I can't even do
them right now because there's no muscle
it's just like there's nothing even
there so I can't control when I pee and
like well I kind of can but like
sometimes I'll just pee myself
and it's not like glamorous or fun at
all and it's just really upsetting
because you just feel like so I know you
just feel like useless or something and
I just want everything to be back to
normal but and so many people have been
asking me about like you know what's
your you know are you gonna do like a
postpartum weight-loss thing and are you
gonna do like belly shots and I'm like
that is honestly the least of my
concerns right now like I don't know
it's just it's weird I don't know is it
because the people that are asking have
not had babies maybe but it's just like
the last thing that I'm thinking of
right now is like weight loss honestly
I'm just the most important thing to me
is that little person over there and
that big person over there as well
obviously but you know what I mean like
it's just not it's not important right
now
um I don't really care how much weight I
lose or how much or you know how long it
takes me to go back it's just the least
of my concerns
so I probably will you know do a video
at some stage but it's not gonna be like
tomorrow so I'm sorry about that but
it's just it's not important to me right
now and then the things that are more
important to me obviously aside from
Amelia are just basic things like being
able to hold in your pee like that to me
is just so I don't know I just feel like
so crap about it and I know that people
like mothers that have gone through the
same thing will be able to relate it's
just really hard because it's like a
basic bodily function you can't do it
anymore and it's like I don't know I
don't even know how to put it into words
but you just feel like really useless
and like you can't do anything so I'm
using like witch hazel which is supposed
to help with the stitches I've got
stitches down there as well and that
really hurts all the time so I just want
to read back to normal like feeling back
to normal but I know it'll take time um
what is just heart it's just pretty hard
I think that is one of the hardest
things but I know it'll be fine in the
end because it almost puts me megatrends
well done here anyway I will sleep my
friend I'll take care it is dad you
don't need to worry oh oh I know never
worn is just like amazing yeah look
think the chance is over is the chance
over do you want to blows on ya if it is
carry on
look at this carry on look at this um
I'm already short the plan was here
seems like let's take the bed outside or
something along those lines
oh my goodness where wait a second there
should be two beds there okay you can
investigate the situation here and this
so um what was the plan here with the
bed was a figure the reason you were
bringing that outside Bianca so any
particular we zone with on was it huh
you know if you're taking a real ax know
what it is I got this am cleaning our
tea hand sanitizer thing but it had like
I don't know flavor off it was really
weird is it here I bought a few of them
nope no I reckon one says up these guys
it was a Care Act's one but it was a
Care Act's moisturizing protection plus
tutoring upstairs in about your house
are gonna funny smell up I shouldn't
care I like what is this what is this
gross hopefully right how's this coming
wrong
Oh dupa dupa um Papa oom bop bop body
Bop Papa but again alright serve this up
my smile hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
