I'm a little infant new to this world
I'm sitting around in my pink little
curls
Oh Toto danger men at work danger remain
back work
make a warning copy so I am last night
we had my first night with their little
babies my non-hairy baby not not so
hairy baby break her head um with
Cosette where at we're gonna close deep
because why would you not go sleep with
your little baby you're so cute it's so
cool to wake up this morning I think we
didn't happen for all you got about 6
hours maybe a little bit to hit in there
just waking up but not like panic wait
can I cheat you not be a few times and a
federal few times then just sorta see
Tina I know it feet and then who'd roll
on to me and then I would win her and
stuff like that and then when she's got
a stake then I go to sleep and then I
don't wake up and she feed her and then
I win her and then change her nappy so
we have a little like a production line
and process going on which worked out
really well which is cool so I'm not as
obsessed in the feeding now I'm gonna
written then we're gonna have this then
we're gonna get to work and my family on
the way I think they're important least
actually very important later about give
me an hour or so away
give me times you have me see if I can
tell you the vaughese rendered even and
then uploaded eight or something
something like that being yet so
goodnight that Bianca huh something like
that
you crazy little popsicle who's your AC
popsicle there's a lot of easy popsicles
here you're all crazy popsicles just
anything
yeah it's tough look at this isn't so
cute when they just light everything man
open
I didn't chair for a while but I did
about an hour or so she got all like so
is it okay cool come here it's kind of
good in a sense that for the last
two-and-a-half years or so I have
learned to do everything one handedly
because I always have a vlog in this
hand now I tend to always have a baby in
this hand I managed to edit that whole
vlog with one hand oh yeah it was very
difficult because I use a lot of
shortcuts I'm editing and you can do
this stuff without Adobe software you
can turn a keyboard into just them it's
an editing suite thing pretty boring
information to be honest oh my goodness
oh my god oh yeah Kandi's oriental
panties panties thank you auntie auntie
scale of 1 to 5 how cute is he ah off
the scale off the scale male/female baby
an Aries second
surround our standard watch these don't
mind her from the 70s I got an iPhone 6
okay there were the radios they knew ate
the kinder like bacon iPhone in your
students this oh yeah going to his job
again we are getting plastic from a
hardware shop I'm pretending everything
is a guy phone saying get it out here in
your pocket in the corners to make a
tender you know a judgement
hey it's an iPhone and then just like
I'm sure nobody anybody's know about you
guys are all poor I can't see your hands
with the way oh geez okay
geez Louise teal as a taeho huh not very
well
steam the infiltration oh we also got
pies yeah I know it's on it's coffee
cake and parent yeah they're from a
specialist a jam specialist but neither
of them are jam right Cyrus funny yeah
the not one there over the Mikey
microwave everything hey what are you
doing not going that huh you can't go in
there you have to weigh that here guys
with mister barking - hmm
stay did you just find you know we
having a girl grabbed a dog feels like
are you know if you sure no even that
already we took out he's like oh girl
or they can miss things like you know
Peter can color America Tommy cow Paul
care for everything
I know imagine that sighs I know I feel
yeah it's keep on going but our our
obstetrician has six children hopefully
we can beat him what's your first cousin
that is your first cousin
well technically second first cousin
Dylan's his first first cousin oh I know
what are you thinking what do you think
give her a kiss do you love her probably
not Oh play hard to get with the boys
good start good start
yeah mommy taught me - uh-huh
is that for oh you put her name on it is
it reported underway and the motivator
there was one boy yeah there's an offer
20 euros of petrol free that is very
nice yeah I thought well actually it's
so small a spoon or as Griffin yeah and
your name yeah your name is pretty small
it is an easy money
come on service so whatever you find you
got a 2 K 3 a 3 page oh I don't tell me
it's all ahead of us yeah nice shot nice
shot yeah we're going to teach it to you
cutlery that's our plan that's the idea
or a straw
everything to us draw yes waste not want
not
absolutely I always wear white always
gonna worry about feeding a baby so we
kind of run out of time because we had
to head back to the hospital today to
get the heel prick test on it just
checks for metabolic disorders they just
take a little sample from underneath the
foot but time and I was kind of like
look I will take you Miguel male and it
was like oh my god easier problem like
kind of better than a while ago so she's
hopped up on food so I think he'll be
alright
it's kind of fun an adventure with dad
lisanna was like she's like I'll
probably have some sort of emotional
breakdown cuz I they always say that the
kids like scream and cry when you do it
to them so let's see how it works out I
think Anna can probably use the brake as
well you know and I'm like so impressed
over her on the the feeding and
everything like cuz I know how painful a
lot especially for the classroom at the
start and I'm about to milk but it's
still like every time baby like clamps
were feeding I can see on his face like
it and you know what she's like she's
not giving up you know and I'm like so
proud of her you know for even for like
the dignity and pride like when she gave
birth to me like the whole process and
that's why I'm just like you know
whatever like you know I I have so much
catching up to do it in a sense I'm like
look you stay there with everybody you
know there's no sweeping the house like
it's like you stay there with everybody
you know just in relax enjoy yourself
I'll take care of Amelia you know
you know just less walking is not that
comfortable for you know it's a it's a
two-part process you know wearing this
together it's not a it's not a one-man
job or one-woman job come on you and me
on our little adventure let's go back
but not for very long okay just for a
few minutes and something really mean
was about to happen to you but don't
blame me please cause remember in your
stick-up daddy loves you we're done so
done let's go home to mommy oh my god
and your parents out there you know and
you're like I know that once you get her
in the car
she's fine you know but well after she
got the heel prick test you know she's a
little bit irritated and then as I was
close to the car or no she's fine when
I'm like carrying her along the motion
and they had to put her down to open the
car and stuff and I could see her little
face getting like you have to put the
car seat him but that's not enough you
got to start the car and this Stella
nope you got to move so I'm just like
trying to move the card saying at the
motion going and then you can tell she's
calm and asleep yet he's just like oh my
god every time I stop at a traffic light
I tried to stop like way back from the
actual traffic light that way it gives
myself like no it's a time to sort of
roll the car forward you know so you
don't actually stop because it's the
once the guard stops just like
can't stop should be some room and
you've got a baby in the car she'll be
able to break the lights with the sirens
all right
am I gonna fix your poopies the poopy
man no let's do this no you do not like
to be told you I was going to mimic you
there thank you
oh I'm gonna have to eat your toe to toe
do you want me to eat your toe am I
gonna have to eat your toe cuz I will
eat your toe I will daddy's on Saturday
night is your first Saturday night huh
we learn do you want to hit up the
club's I'm gonna go crazy on a dance
floor
show me a dance moves boo boo boo boo
mommy does it mean you guys moves so
it's nighttime wind chills I know it's
kind of dark outside so you decided I
think we're gonna just order some food
oh I did some food I'm thinking knock on
Thai whatever you want don't Nene I
don't mind yeah party today Pete hey
Artie why cuz I got to go
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah do you guys
guess what I got
just a little boxing kind of opened if I
see oh man I got out what's she get no
oh my goodness Oh huh
so we can I carry for jofi I'm not sure
what this is partly some sort of
vegetable set the thingy I wonder you
know them why you eat affects your your
boobage your boots oh no one of that
emedia be having this also tonight just
in a different form
there's the cakes oh right get a plate
then you go and we're going to watch dr.
media's first time Amelia will be
watching Amelia oh yeah
who is it me Nia no do you know where
amelia is who's Amelia wait a minute
where's Amelia mm-hmm
we should get the thing put on toys
yeah I felt at the moment she's not
really my new little sister my new
little sister good girl
oh you know garden that is it and she's
so submissive look she's just like lying
by her yeah yeah I'm just gonna leave no
not for me
in bed I've already had a couple of pops
to pee on his back and but yeah I think
she has more of a bottlee
but in bed
Alvin's you know just good to be unknown
yeah it's pretty hours of it which is
great for at you know they actually
respect you know their respective media
yeah he's dead
he's got more these beds like Yankee we
put them in every away but uh they all
things loving so I think we should all
get everyone to bed each Amelia he's
watching Amelia Amelia pond
Amelia Thomasina hmm she is the best
baby in the world
uh-oh SpaghettiOs
Oh see me you gonna quit at home I'll be
yours Amelia mm-hmm go boy ow OH
they know who she is though cuz we
always call her that won't you yeah we
always said to me that like what's the
media so they're used to saying that now
I was like oh now I get it
you smell it no no no no you didn't know
what to make it's cutie little cutie pie
she's wearing her I love mommy PJs and
she's got a pink doggy pink doggy likes
music i'm sheree buddies hm
okay I can't pull him when I'm talking
at the same time but she actually quite
likes him yesterday we thought that she
didn't because she started crying
because um I'm not really into music
like at all and my sister is and she was
like when I was pregnant she was like
you should be listening to music when
you're pregnant cuz it stimulates your
baby blah blah blah and they always say
that like every baby book says it that
you should like even put like you know
earbuds up to your stomach and let them
listen to music and it's even I think
being proven to like increase their
intelligence and everything well I never
did that like not once when I was
pregnant because I'm just not into music
at all and then yesterday
Oh
yesterday she was kind of fussing and
javis tried this pink dog which i think
is so bored
oh so cute it came from Ewa one of our
subscribers but um yeah so Joe has tried
putting out and she started crying and I
was like oh my god I broke our baby I
broke her eye ever ever having a taste
in music because I never listened to
music when I was pregnant and I thought
like oh my god maybe she doesn't like
music maybe that's my fault but I think
she was just I know she was just fussy
I'm not crying by the way I just yawning
but I'm actually not that tired a funny
scene you're probably all like oh my god
she's exhausted I'm like I am but I'm
not like it's not as bad as I thought it
would be I'm sure it might get worse and
then better and then worse than the
better but right now it's really not
Josephus is currently looking for my
phone
Jonathan jump I just heard my phone yeah
it's here in the bed somewhere
this is so stupid I can't find it
anywhere I mean no it's I can't find it
though I heard it like under my pillow
and I put my hand under and there's
nothing there like I don't understand
what's going on we've literally been
searching for my phone like all day it's
in here somewhere and I can't get it can
you just put your hand under the pillows
and just get it it's in here what are
you doing
it's like disappearing off the face of
this earth but yet it's there you check
under that one
it's so annoying I've literally been
looking what are you doing it's not on
the floor don't you should heard it in
the bed oh my god foolish fool
everything back mentioned I'm in love
Lindsay hadn't tweeted me at this
precise moment I never thanks Lindsay
you should go have a baby hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie - don't forget to like
the video and favorite this video
because there will be
