the big world awaits you you ready for
your adventure
Oh going all day oh it's going only
Miglia seen a stock on a holy is coming
home fright terrify it's like excited
I'm like can I hire a armed escort
couple of helicopters few armed escort
I've never brought home a baby in a car
before I'd be like I'll be like driving
like 1 mile an hour giving out everyone
don't do 2 miles an hour
excuse me mr. truck to turn in my way if
that would be alright to get out of my
way it's kind of like you know what I
was saying about like you know season 1
was a sort of getting together and ended
with like the proposal season 2 picked
up at the proposal and ended with the
wedding and it's like season 3 which no
wait what no no no no no no no no an
extra scenery is always a zero season
well it's I assume that's why I know I
figured I did today remember I made the
analogy knows all fun so anyway it was
like these first three days are like the
pilot of season 3 you know it's kind of
like okay let's check yeah yeah okay
we're just working out fine okay it's
going to begin today guys today now I
don't know how long we're going to be
hearing these vlogs and stuff for but
like you imagine if we end up doing this
for like years like not just like a
couple of years like a lot of years
that means that grow up like her entire
life could be documented almost and I
know some people say and we hear it a
lot on the negative inside like oh like
that's terrible so I'm gonna put my hand
up and say I tell you what if it was me
I would be happy I would thank my
parents for doing that for me because
yeah I don't know I just think it's
really really cool I would love to be
able to see that on myself and I think
that's how going forward
how we will gauge everything we do what
I like it what I like it to be done to
me and how would I feel about it and of
course Amelia obviously is her own
person
but I do feel that she's half on and
half me and myself and ina are like I've
never met anybody that is like me you
know like all the relationships I've had
and all the friends I've had I always
found things that I always felt oh yeah
so we don't we don't we were all like a
runboard about this much and there's
always that much that we just not
necessarily agree per se you know and
then when Ana whatever I'm thinking
she's thinking whatever I want to do she
wants to do whatever she wants to do I'm
thinking just some comes sometimes we'll
just have these conversations where
she'll come in and go like to take you
short never like yeah okay and I'll just
get the keys we'll just go no one has to
say where we're going but we end up in
the place that she was thinking of or
you know things like that happen all the
time in us because we do spend like
we've been together five and a half
years and in that five and a half years
we've been cocoons together and I know a
lot of people say it's really bad and
they wouldn't like that in relationship
I want that in relationship I wanted
those type of people that when I'm in a
relationship with somebody I love that's
all I want that is all I want to be in a
cocoon of love I love being in love
being in love is better than a hundred
million one-night stands with the
hottest chicks in the world
it cannot anything come close being
in love and I talked out was the be all
and end all then I had a job a be a trip
of a digital baby and holy pads on fire
we still have our cocoon but our cocoon
is grown like I know we always say the
dogs and the dogs are part of our cocoon
I love the dogs and you know what it's
like to accepting her family hard she's
just oh my goodness jokey jokey jokey
Familia jokes or jokey Emilia I don't
know I don't know if it will toy rabbit
that one we'll get back to later on that
but I'm so excited and I think the car
seated in the car and everything be
coming in windows dad's at the car seat
hi
I ordered a baby can I help my baby come
and have a good time alright get this
done right I should probably take the
tags off this little thing go okay let's
get it connected all you have to connect
it together first yeah pop in there
alright and knows I need that's it
exciting
I'm saw no way I forgot to which I saw
hmm let's do this okay I just text me
good to go hmm I'm going home today yay
and I know I probably look mess
I haven't taken our makeup from last
night or anything I don't I don't take
off makeup anymore you'll tell you how
we did the most glamorous labor and
delivery ever you don't put amazing you
know we didn't ever in times a Coppola
you look like you're at Photoshop
no I click one of those your nose fake
pregnancy okay but you don't like that's
not true although I did expect to get
sweaty err I didn't because I had my
hair down I had like my hair tie here
yeah um that was what it was for
and it was pink to match my gammy and
everything all those is destroyed this
is the nightie that came with it
and Amenia was wearing her matching one
um
but I had to take it off because she
won't feed she just goes to sleep when
she's too warm and you comfortable so I
have to like strip her down to get her
to feed to make her a little bit
uncomfortable it's like crazy
anyways um soy milk came in last night
in one boob and it just started like
dripping just like leaking out it was so
crazy it was so happy because the
colostrum was like really hard going it
was like so sore and now it's still sore
but it's eased off a little bit and the
milk made it like made her feed for
longer because she was doing like the
night before last she was doing like
five minutes feeds and then stopping and
then like waking up again and they were
like try and get it to 20 minutes so
that she'll sleep so last night she was
really good and she didn't cry at all
and um I just wanted to say oh we wanted
to say a huge thank you because we don't
really know what's going on in the
internet world right now because we're
just so like crazy but um we kind of got
an inkling that Judy and Ben
from its duty time may have mentioned to
us on their channel which is like huge
because they are just like massive on
YouTube so wanted to say thank you so
much and we're so looking for it to baby
Julia yeah it's your turn next yeah get
excited
so thanks so much for sharing our
channel and we really appreciate it
and I'm gonna catch up on your guys's
videos because I haven't I can't get 3G
in here so I'm on edge I'm like trying
to you have an edge on edge yeah I'm
like trying to update and stuff and it's
really slow easy notice I don't know if
edge is a worldwide thing okay just like
a really slow barely into the action on
the phones yeah giggles like water I'm
on the edge boom boom boom boom hi
everyone and then bad sperm feature like
a makeshift chair please wait no mommy
mommy's in the shower for a half an hour
oh no oh no my name is Amelia I was born
a few days ago do you have an H mm a
little ready to go ready to go and an
adventure are you ready are you ready
for the world but then one question is
is the world ready for me ready for your
home outfit look we have it laid out
here who actually freely bum freely bum
okey dokey I'm gonna start it while mom
is getting ready and we got a little
fast
we have the jumper it was a punkin catch
and got you guys remember when we bought
this in my boy at the comments back I'm
coming I'm coming back I'm coming hi
hi hello
she's so cute all right go home so she's
gonna output up today am i doing this
for my channel mm-hmm
what is up in a minute okay um I might
put up a video on the style that it's
been a while you know I gave birth so
here give me the teddy oh oh but um she
looks so adorable
Suchi everything is way too big for her
so bear with us over the next next
couple of weeks because I don't think
she's gonna grow into any of the newborn
stuff for a while she wants to be picked
up so um I just wanted to show you guys
her outfit and I'm feeling really sore
so um javis is packing up packing
everything up getting ready to go
Gophers back enough info grassy up
before birth after birth we bye mother
and baby and vogue take them all cuz
yeah thank you
I give everything mmm I can't stop
looking at her about
when I push out I'm gonna leave the
hospital the biggest adventure of your
life is about to begin
and our lives do there's no going back
once you bring them out apparently it's
that they're non-refundable even if you
have a receipt
there's no there's no return policy the
big world awaits you you ready for your
adventure there's that car off over
there you know and it's actually never
actually walked out of the hospital it's
a way for the first elevator ride in
your life go to one you ready here we go
boy hmm how was it how was it Oh Oh exit
level well what do you reckon
huh you reckon right the world what do
you think do you like it do you like
this world or should we move on to the
next one sorry here we go all the
practicing
this is our car by the way am I gonna
smile you like the car huh all right and
let's turn you around
Oh dad has dad has practiced as a lot
dad's gonna see if you can remember how
to do this okay wish dad luck oh can you
guys see her in the mirror I'm not quite
sure
ah are you ready yeah here we go
that's inna he's head who's that who's
that who's that huh who's this
careful now not too close who's this
Alvey
hmm seenu's who is this
not too close and one of you see I'm
ascared a baby now do you hear huh
excited excited mommy ain't you moist is
who stays is this oh it's so cute
Oh
what do you think Alvey
they're so cute Abbi this Amelia is okay
I'll be waiting Mia don't be afraid okay
give it a sniff mmm now he's like oh
she's another one head over here every
few months there's another baby in the
house
I think Cena knows it's a baby oh yeah
huh huh
I know munchkin welcome home I got Mary
showed you scars I picked this up this
morning cuz that I saw that we were in
the a simultaneous head we're in the Sun
yeah
test-tube baby that's cute Athiya these
are the Instagram shots which is kind of
cool cause they're like the more
Instagram is awesome
and to fulfill promised as and broadcast
per video same old stuff you've all seen
it before or if you got the Sun
yesterday you said it I don't have the
time to post it on Facebook and stuff
that's right over didn't cover radio
interviews themself today but that's all
you guys know everything it's for the
people that don't know this stuff you
know the ones who haven't realized yet
okay hi Emma I'm taking over everything
so my dog is not allowed get in that bed
is it kind of any kind of hurt so I've
never made one of these my food like -
garlic woman I was learn I'll try is
there anything else in here like a new
doctor ie honey
puppies haven't met Emilia yet cuz we're
gonna bring them up one at a time
just to get too excited huh now right
Bianca get too excited sometimes don't
you yes you do
sure do but um Oh God feel so cute oh
it's kind of like just not really
excited or not excited he's just like a
verse sniff and was like oh yeah oh yeah
what's that no and I'm seeing it now
it's like we're not gonna let face
looking so much what she's just licking
in her hands and stuff which is I think
Cena knows he cute right let's get the
lunch ready I'm on the cleaning job
would read something agree with your
price this worked really well is like a
it's like a homemade sort of bleach
because well these little fellas here
you wouldn't want to be using bleach in
the floor in case thing I lick it up or
burns a little pause so this is like an
organic store a homemade idea no get get
out get out mm-hmm and as upstairs
Whitney when Amelia I just and this hair
that's probs enough need some baking
soda baking soup and a little bit of
very good family size cuz we are a
family now hmm
tada look at that your huh reflection
reflection look at the tiles my goodness
you see and I was saying to me she's
worried she was like don't do your job
he clean doing Nene's clean I was like
oh I know I do coffee cans but everybody
wanted me nice clean I'll do it that's a
Nene's pain that's what I'm when I clean
that as I'm
it's a lot more work because I'm more of
a like brush under popover forget about
nap look at that right there you're like
how about we come in now please nope hmm
never again let's get some clothes
together mom's on her way over as Alma
coming hmm is Alma coming I think she is
I think always coming hitting some goals
together put her going oh that's a fancy
one yeah maybe this okay huh man a fancy
one yeah do we like this one huh do we
like this one as long as the foot
monster doesn't come no no too young to
be entertained they huh I love her faces
she does the craziest faces feel fun
pace that's a good one dad you good face
that's a good face ah faces good you -
yes mm-hmm
hi guys hi guys huh she's really bought
it in the slightly you read the dogs
which is amazing obviously when she was
a she was residing in Hotel La MaMa
stomach oh you feel of me is it possible
for me to feed her I don't think so I
don't think so there's too many you guys
but one at a time you guys will get to
meet her okay maybe not today mm-hmm
maybe not today come on inside let's go
let me move the glider into here Oh
the glider special chair
oh oh this is the chair oh this is the
one isn't it
just the one this is my first party yeah
that's your first party okay the fun
don't hold onto the balloon she probably
blow away or float away if she had the
balloon it is Kitty cooler yeah
hello Liam its Joe fear it's Joe fee on
his own
I've been given a list of instructions
that I must follow to the letter T if I
haven't you have T although I'll
certainly enough OMA came by we can't
call her home anymore because she is
well she is officially OMA now I know
what Albion seen it was like oh my but
now she's officially OMA and OMA is now
her OMA but if any weight is no doubt
darkman Anna's mom came by with Erica I
know she made us it was really nice she
made dinner for us and put it in like
containers and stuff so we would have to
go make dinner tonight
that's very nice of her and then my
brother and my two sisters and my dad
are coming down tomorrow
coming up no coming down yeah he come
down to court come on no car and I'm so
she brought us out a pie and like a cake
and sub for damn so that I was kind of
nice as well
very motherly of her so but they don't
realize we don't dog food and then I
told Anna that now she wanted and then
she began to write an essay on my phone
of all the things that we were lacking
in our life so if I go to Tesco to get
ourselves a change
all right sort it next on the list
remember
oh you're that cop I use every day the
big red or my coffee
well that was because my other one broke
but I love this cup I'm going to bias
think it's cool I was like you looking
for a world's best dad or something like
that and then I was like you probably
can't buy your own one of them but em
danger man I work all right where is the
silicon cap I can't figure it out
terms so Perry the kids section the
health service section hmm I'm kind of
looking for buzzing 45 okay but
baby stuff baby stuff they big big big
baby stuff Oh Oh boom Oh goodbye little
one big go on the ginormous one you take
a ginormous one about a huge thing about
being today so yeah I suppose so okay
let's go big go big or go home I suppose
we do have the baby for the rest of its
life so
big one they rented a puppy food usually
that's like a season look I am three
times for the puppies before usually a
science plan or they're late UM's so I
hope the AIIMS is okay okay so look at
her she's looking at all her toys she's
like real mine hi they all yours yeah
Thank You ace so I put her in a
different top out once we got home cuz
she kind of destroyed her going home
outfit wish I knew she would um so she's
in this which is what doesn't even say
little girl I actually have no idea
looks like can't wait but that's not
what it says little girl something um
and that's from a subscriber and then
these are her little pink leggings from
her going home outfit so that's what she
was wearing when her
oh my came to visit and she had socks
but she lost those thank you you're not
doing so I think she wants to feed again
but I want to change her nappy Oh golly
um and I think we're gonna put you in
your PJs and that right yeah okay let's
look for some nice PJ's for you cuz
we're gonna have oh look little baby
foot seat we're gonna have dinner now
and um get ready for like nighttime TV
and stuff so she needs some PJ's so
let's see got a lot of stuff here I need
to save something nice for tomorrow
because we have guests coming over
tomorrow Amelia she's asleep right now
okay so I think I might go with
something from here so this is her vest
we're going with yellows today well
tonight Amelia it's gonna ice open she
usually opens her eyes when it's darker
because I think it's like yeah the light
isn't as hard
shun her and I am leaking like crazy
ever since my look came in yesterday or
last night I've just been leaking
non-stop it's insane I'm like two
dripping taps okay and then this is her
PJs for tonight in the forest a little
birdie told me a story and it's matching
because everything often match yay a new
point outfit that actually fit well done
for growing into newborn well she
actually lost a little bit of weight
because they're led lose 10% of their
newborn body weight and she didn't lose
a like she lost a teeny tiny wind and
then they gained it back so this is the
first newborn outfit that she isn't
absolutely swimming in so she's all in
yellow and see it actually fits this is
amazing so we're ready for a nighttime
feed this is my first this is my first
night with a media I've never spent the
night with her oh it's so exciting
only I'm kind of excited I'm kind of
scared okay
let's feed you baby let's feed you
little baby say night-night subscribers
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
hahaha
