there is a unknown substance leaking
from an orifice huh who they were bowing
Abama who they performed a bomb um did
you look who's in the box
No
so what's this team calling it I used to
this thing um how's it called sleep I
used to I used to participate in
sleeping
it's not a hobby I used to do it like
pretty much every day for around and I'm
so nice sixteen hours sometimes I look
at you say stood do it enjoy it you know
Anna of late I just haven't really
participated in the activity of sleeping
um I miss it I'm not really sure it's
something I'm going to be involved in
again haha it's totally worth it yeah I
point out but um I find out about just
um if I drink a gallon of coffee on the
hour every hour it helps it definitely
helps but essentially oh it's like I'm
still in Austin you know and you kind of
like like I just come on home you always
want to be home and you know so we can't
like what happened stuff but I
understand like she's she getting a PC
out of me so I've never had one of those
nor am i physically capable of getting
one of those but I still like you know
it's probably better that she's in there
today though exciting times we're doing
the bathing class so we're bringing
they're bringing our little monkey down
well she's a girl so she'd find out a
little monkey
chipmunk is she chip up a girl's
checkbox yeah boys are monkeys builds
Jevons yes that works we are working in
an entity a faders about access can be
exciting I am one more time a dad so I'm
turning it in there and sort out the old
videos and guys holy potato peels thank
you so much everybody that like like
that video yesterday and favorited and
tweeted it and I was two days ago for
use but like oh my god I can't believe I
just you know I just kind of got it open
it's like been so hectic I'm I had no
time to me like you know I'm sorry if
you guys think that like oh just like
not tweeting you back
like that it's just it's been so chaotic
you know and I feel like I've got baby
brain or something like I'm talking to
people and I'm saying the stupidest
thing is because my brain is just like
so sleep-deprived and all I'm thinking
about is baby and like all I want to do
is just get in town so the editing is
probably crap I'm always afraid I gonna
upload the wrong bloody video or
something like that you know but thank
you so much everybody that you know
enjoy that video and you want to wait
for me we didn't really um we had a
really you know I didn't really get that
like you know crying sort of sensation
it was very emotional was like finding
since that I think it was just like
shocked that it's human was like what
sorry
somebody left the baby here who owns
that baby and then I'm but when I was
editing the video at night 14 minutes
and whatever seconds oh my god and I
have watched est I don't know I watch
the video a lot alright
most of those videos are me we watching
it and I'm oh my god that's single tear
what amelia is lying on her chest
every time mm-hmm I can't pass that what
I like love with like a little baby oh
my goodness what an incredible moment
huh Wow
that's awesome right and getting coffee
into me Cynthia and I am getting out of
here this is the last day okay Cena I
promise mommy's gonna come home tomorrow
okay
she's so sad what I don't mommy I am me
I'm sad too look I made Nina pillow
pillow pillow that's Nina for me at the
moment because it's such a it's so
lonely in the bed on my own okay
Amelia's coming till you know you have
no idea what I need what mommy's gonna
come home soon I promise okay tomorrow
she's coming
but unfortunately for today you guys
have to do the and the H thing
I'm away
I'll be worth it okay okay I have a plan
I have a plan okay you guys can keep
that t-shirt okay because that's got
baby spew all over and I know you
realize that you know I'm gonna do I'm
gonna FaceTime Anna I'm just like the
least person I ever call it some time
together I'm like where is your number
who do you work for nice pony um first
her mmm that's what exciting all right
Oh goodbye - oh hold on I'm gonna press
FaceTime now and see what it does
Oh
FaceTime failed Oh have you gone if you
only got an egg signal if you only got
an edge signal no because that's like
that'd be so cool I want I'm uploading
now as soon as it's finished uploading I
am in their Lobby Oh
oh my goodness I am so stressed that I
have like I am food - prize
I am sleep prize I'm sanity deprived
trying to trying to get you in certain
somebody and then try again pre-baiting
glasses and then
transferring to dogs well I could try to
explain to them oh my goodness oh I just
I just can't wait to be getting home
once we got home it's like that I can
manage the situation that I could take
care of honor and I can like look after
everybody and look after median so but
at the moment like I still have to go
here every day and you know it's like
trying to try and trying to juggle I've
got all these balls in the air and they
are all tied together with the thinnest
bit of string and if one of those balls
you're like deathly Faldo Basso will be
in trouble
oh my goodness Oh
and then we come here and you do this
and you realize it's all worth it she
just grabbed my arm oh yeah uh-huh okay
Oh we'll pop a free pop yellow only dumb
one skin what munchkin see I'm gonna
change a little nappy I'm gonna change a
little nappy house yeah Phoenix RIPTA
stitch no it's the war huh
I realize it was that sorry I think
she's sleeping refresh since I got o
last night oh she just fed on selected
favorites like shouldn't you be on all
the time and it turned painful
they don't tell you that today all right
you should definitely try breastfeed me
it's brilliant is you definitely dude
like okay clamp oh my god little monster
I really wanna do it it's just really a
merit well tomorrow our true the
classroom you know Amy Morrison about
three days and tomorrow you've done
three full days rest feeding so the
milky stuff you come and that's supposed
to be easier
yeah pictures say I think it's easier
because she doesn't need as much as much
score this is what the dance have to do
on the sly daddy always tries to eat the
food Oh rice pudding Oh see any Jam
rising it's fine I'll leave it da-jung I
need some some of that beef you are hmm
it's just oh my god I drop water and
iPhone it's okay didn't go in any holes
rainy there's a unknown substance
leaking from an orifice huh who they
were bowing Abama who did before and
Obama did you lose in the public oh no I
let that little face dope all right tea
nappy we're gonna the elephant elephant
a and we need some more baby kind I get
two of these one hmm
nice which we psyche dampen and I'm
gonna get you a clean up okay huh baby's
not like to be undressed okay
oops her alarm fell off you're clean you
do not you do not want to look at that
she is like as I was cleaning it up it
happened again okay
alright then we're gonna change your
clothes though because you got a little
bit of stuff on it okay what would you
like to wear today that bocce was the
one I brought the new one oh let's got
stars
what was your hand a little bit let's
just say for example I'm always gonna
pull my hands for the next well this was
part of her lovely effort but daddy
where's the Hat haha
you don't understand as far as I was
under huge eight is this newborn yes I
took it from the front pile okay
yes then yeah this looks huge but she's
quite small here you're the best all
right thanks oh no no I'm a different
set see you brought make all different
things from different
I'm sorry me knees these are Carter's
and not something else
doesn't matter what can you not mix
Clarizen no I know these are for my
outfits I want them to all be well you
know what did we had them later the
first one in I didn't because it was all
drummers and softer the second one was
loads of that stuff I know I think they
were in threes it doesn't matter just so
I use one of the white vests in there or
whatever oh yeah okay well we'll be home
tomorrow and mommy can dress you mommy
can take over clothes that'll be
relieved from duty so Jonas has just
realized her stupidness
I explained him like so clearly where
all the outfits were the sizes and
everything and he's like I'm like talk
me through the process of how you picked
those clothes I think it was actually
the vloggers yeah I mean anything I
recorded with you about you at all
yeah I got me it was I'm laying it the
clothes because right and I'm gonna
place it inside okay it's my drink
see you then place
in food careful her little tag is coming
off and then her little security tag
came off and he was like I can't put it
back on it's like you can you just slip
it in look it's fine
turn to the side I have achieved
clothing up the child know the curtain
is open again and the door
good-morning minute I definitely feel
like no see it's there scratch mats
built-in so you just flip them every
feels like knowing would you think why
did you pick her up no you should have
flipped them over all that Hollow thank
you Paul
you know I know don't worry when we get
home that he won't be in charge of these
things okay so roll it up no look at it
it's like a scratch met see yeah I like
little mittens but you pulled her hand
job so that it wasn't even in the arm
see he's kind of fun
I just don't know it's so big I just
think that scratch mitts are a bit
whooped the first station I like the
first thing she had a couple she has her
hands all of that yeah I was glad it was
nothing like I just think it's nice for
the babies to be able to use their hands
and stuff so just roll them up then
that's what I've been doing with
everything cuz she seems me
she's yeah she's tiny and even so she's
not even a preemie
she's a premium baby yeah that's cute
the little stars
that's pretty there's no hot or big
cords do whatever else there was teach
me how to fly she want to be like that
at the stars she's cute mmm he's just
that text to me that she's over with the
doggies oh yeah I think such a weight
off my head knowing you know it's like
that must be like when you have a kid
and then you go in to have another kid
it's not exactly like I can we have
another trial design exactly I can leave
her at home at zone but you can drop her
into your mom or someone can babysitter
Jin I mean it's like so much harder and
the dogs are what their children just a
lot hairier mm-hmm who wants to go for
it when she wishes huh she was just she
watches with the bear oh hello Emilio um
it's really really important that you
all watch yourself um I'm here to teach
you how to have to go back doing it are
you okay with that should we proceed
with the washing hmm I'm going to take
your your sleeping pasteurizer yes bring
it okay let's go
no I got who does part haha I thought I
was just gonna have to start to that
scavenge IV in the garden looking for
snails come on to you let's cook these
house you got some amazing yeah yes yeah
I'm he's super king it yeah Castillo is
really like to serve like dog would be
just cookies constant Yankees hold him
right there baby feel like soon
oh but that's fine this message such a
nightmare okay which is fine I just hate
girl yeah if you throw up she's still I
keep trying I keep telling like you'd be
sent to the done deal
dun-da-da-da one Maltese did discount
due to barking quick sale leaders mmm
sake is their first oxidant sorry he's
present Patuxent yeah she's matching me
classic now if you do a big poo
I've nice inators in this oh very
unhappy it's very pink it's cute oh so
much just hold the mic he's a little
known yeah he's a little gnome poor
Amelia I think I might take off that Oh
hopefully and stuff what that wasn't she
looks like a gnome yeah oh god I think
it would pretty big she's got what not
that's what this one is fine because
they both oh that's cute he's got a
picture of you yeah oh my G my change
okay but not for us almost gone
but yet every day check for the score
zeros I'm thinking
roast chicken or chicken tikka masala
green Thai curry
it matches your ass that's what I gave
it to you scrambled eggs and mashed
potato it's so funny because here the
main meal was in the middle of the day
yeah it's because we eat more of a
European dialogue we'd like 7:00 and
8:00 at night this is like snack time
for us and a little snack
you think feeling like a little monster
Oh
huh what this here guys is from the
suction vacuum thing that they have to
use on the baby's head right here oh
geez
but I'm in a couple of days it'll be
gone you know right yeah
cuz the m24 SEP 1 usually leaves I think
a mark on like the temple or something
that oh my god oh stop burning yeah oh
geez
and she does the cutest thing in the
world huh
just hanging around hmm
do you enjoy bad time today she loved
bad time she was like swimming in the
thing she's having so much fun little
swim I like your dad hmm
you soon when I get a D huh Oh God
tired and my phone is plugged in over
there thank you
bloody ringing who's thanking me poor
never twenty days instead of going on
and actually checking the vlog yesterday
that's what I did today I decided that I
was like I hope I put a great video and
I hope I edited right video well I'm
just like I am so destroyed I'm gonna
stay here and man I'm gonna maybe go
earlier tonight
instead I don't know all right
this is my first time lying with Amelia
ah I decided to jump into the bed I'm
not complaining is itis love it you know
you consider four hours and just linking
look at her welcome just spooning on her
can't believe we made that name easy
this is the most hired people say it
hired this is like incredible I just
can't wait wrong tomorrow more home
after you guys so done you know isn't
she kind of making me question you
enormous that's what I said when she
came here I was like oh my god or she
definitely read out her ha ha ha ha Jim
when I weekend when you went away to
Christmas time last year and a waiter in
our wedding except it was like the
twelve-month I can see well is she so
epic number hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
