a castle today we are going to look
through the box a bit wider lets us my
little friends love watching the a
castle video if you haven't seen the
ICAST video I will leave a link
somewhere or maybe up stick it in here
it's unfriendlies friend channel okay
may we move on kids love these books
right and we only have one or two of
them and then I saw that you can
actually order the entire collection
right what do you love so much about
these books what is it that you get to
find a duck so on every page just a
little hidden duck all right don't be
can see it look at their gonna right
there there's a little hidden duck and
every single page and we love these
books and we decided we would get the
entire collection we found them on
Amazon and we ordered them yesterday and
we primed them so we got them today now
we're just gonna have a quick look now I
know I know it's just naked I know what
you're thinking but Dad we'd much rather
read the friendliest roundest Taccone
Jolie's in the grey cat nap book daddy
is just looking for books out we are
going up so we're in a castle and we
rubella the books upstairs and we're
doubling and pretty boy the border at
pass or just in the front and for the
last couple of days
daddy's been very busy making a
very special video so this is like the
first draft of this animation that I've
been working on which is coming on
Sunday the friendliest friends okay but
it was voiced by Amelia and Eduardo you
ready we're going to show you a little
tiny clip and snippet not cool guys I'm
so proud of you did really well we can't
show them too much they have to wait for
Sunday but am I am also I am a shark
yeah on in the shark that's just my
subscriber homepage that does mommy love
you oh yeah because I tweeted a tag if
everyone isn't eating me gifts of as the
majority gifts necessary responding to
its you guys hold on this is the one
that water I was referring to right now
the one that adds ara I tweeted oh look
at this one Alana has tweeted this one
is Eduardo Oh Valerie has tweeted this
German item Elia in the hotel in Cork oh
who do just want to Rebecca do that one
again
oh that's a funny one you know it over
back out back I'm doubling them up
oh that's J Zoey saucony Jolie he's your
prince my target and then Sylvia 20 you
know guys you are in so many gifts I'm
not in any gifts there's no gifts of me
so when you make a gif on me okay I
won't be
can you watch this video here you want
to watch this video here all right if
you haven't seen this video
baby
I hate
when we Lord and sometimes we head to
the phone our show
so I looked up where the nearest Krispy
Kreme was and I was like bingo jumped in
a car didn't realize I was going to an
airport that's where our nearest Krispy
Kreme is because there's a lot of donuts
now the donut manufacturers feel free to
fill my Bo box with donuts okay ciccone
Charlie's green futures sixth-floor 60
Charlotte Street London send all the
donuts
okay and we will try to help for you I
don't know leave comments guys what is
your favorite doughnut now I would say
I'm the biggest the owner connoisseur of
banana is definitely more of a I like
food you know I know donut is it feel
good I mean like I'm a big M I like
dinner and luncheon meats and stuff like
that you know I mean where that is more
like all about the pudding but anyway
this is a little secret surprise for her
also did you know that tomorrow myself
and Anna it's our wedding anniversary
and we also have to take the annual
photograph but we will we will be
together six years or what would be
together Italians but we married six
years and we have a five-year-old
daughter we did not waste time we did
not waste time but yeah so that's
interesting so I'm gonna see if I can
pick out a card or something you know
but what's interesting about taking the
photograph this year so this will be the
first year that we will be actually
taking the photograph in the house so
we've been in for almost four years now
and it's never once featured as the
the annual photograph and we're probably
gonna be leaving it soon so I think it's
really cool that we're gonna actually
get to actually have one of the year
photographs with this house featured in
it as like also you know we look back in
years to come we have like 50 of these
I'm making me like collagen we got here
I think we have found our destination
boys and girls we should be around here
somewhere
oh it's a Tesco I thought I was a giant
Krispy Kreme or something oh wait I bet
that's it actually there look yeah I bet
it's in a petrol station guys not the
actual Tesco you want to put the donuts
under that seat and go and my teacher
message many teachers and you pick today
at the edge of her nose
I'm buckle Eduardo excuse me class
you must be here what if I was a teacher
I would do that all the time
what was that young man
do you know that you're a famous gift
you and your sunglasses are always
making famous gifts Wow put your
sunglasses up right yeah yeah drop them
down like that yeah yeah and then put
them up again gift is more famous than
the secona Jonas it's more famous than
anything and we doing so we get them
again
oh it's a road all right all holding
hands and let's go and see if all our
doughnut rims are about to come true
Joey yeah
oh no look what they have here bitches
spinners
No
looks like your friends
all right well seem to be in that Tesco
Extra and this is not teenage me Tesco
extras wait a second guys that hold that
big yoke over there it's called Tesco
Extra Oh I talk Tesco Extra men like the
little shops oh well done Jonathon 49p
deal okay guys it's actually started
raining as well so our challenge has
been multiplied okay so are you alright
okay alright so is there a little rain
okay well that's quickly before the
little rain the little rain might turn
into big rain and then we're going to be
in trouble okay so hold hands really
fast really fast because then the bit
when the little rain turns to big rain
it's gonna use big trouble what's gonna
be turnin lightning oh you okay I don't
want to fast all right no too fast we're
only going up
and we are going and we I think we
should come here for my birthday
birthday hats I think I think because
it's because there's birthday that's too
soon maybe you can come here for my
birthday that day anyway
is this an appropriate wedding
invitation a sassy hope what are you
doing
a sassy ha ha ha or a nodding pug right
this never fails the sort of thing Oh
Arne aren't alternative modern woods
shooting imitators turquoise barn quite
traditional candy and arm candy and arm
you supposed to get that's candy and
iron
whoa we found them guys we found look a
classic doesn't know we just get this
thing I see is massively excessive
hosted dance - dance - dance then hold
this on your lap hold it on your app and
the card now all we need is iron we have
the candy we just need some iron can I
get her an actually iron
look at this fruit and fiber fortified
with vitamins and iron that's good right
that'll do
bleep this pass me something else get
that in Oh bleep Oh bleep you pass me
something else
link all right pass me look at this card
happy anniversary and of course your
classic judge
I've broken it which one which one of
you brought some money what do you guys
not bring any money no no okay now the
big rain has come oh boy
hopefully there's no tundra and
lightning
ready
haha that's the donut that Amelia picked
she couldn't decide she's like yes of
course there is there is yeah
with chocolate filling okay you're
almost finished they're having chicken
and rice and corn corn on the cob and
black beans and all kinds of yummy stuff
aren't we so I will show you guys my
nails right so got this purple which is
like the under-the-sea kind of mermaid
theme and then I got this one right I
can see but it's like Crone it's like a
mermaid scale it's so cool
what's this word not chrome holographic
I think that's what you call it but yeah
I got them done for a media's party it's
not so cool yeah alright yo excuse me
that's not how you ask
yeah what do you say to say it nicely
please what yes oh
