it's what do you think think of it yeah
you said it in sweet I'm basic
yeah I know but like
last time revenue card for me that comes
oh not quite really well for me Gisborne
because you'll be a you're taken
wouldn't you stay in the hospital for
the first month isn't it isn't it and
when do you stay in the hospital for
yeah I wish I could say I'm gonna be
kicked out
I wonder cafe downstairs every night
they look really nice
let me see all the dad sitting in there
today you know is today the dick is this
Thea labor and delivery video or is it
tomorrow who knows guys you know you
know let me know is it today we're just
going to get the that's not a pregnancy
table the changing table what perfect
timing a the day we're heading to the
hospital we're trying the hospital oh my
goodness so good time it is it's one
o'clock which means we probably gonna
leave here about in about two and a half
hours okay I just want to say logical
numbers say goodbye till here mommy your
hair daughter and then you'll become a
mom I do not I don't know before I got
pregnant I had so many like
misconceptions about pregnancy and birth
and labor and all that kind of stuff and
I just I always someone I always had
that your whole family was there in the
room around the room like I just always
taught that I never knew this there was
so many things that I G imagine your two
brothers and your two sisters in the
room like I thought my dad I mean if my
dad were alive I thought he would be
there it's so weird it's like and then
that's not that's only one thing there's
so many things that I just I didn't know
before going into this and now I know
like oh my god so that's what that is or
that's what that's like
you know well you know in the films and
in the movies like they'd always be in
Parenthood specifically you know they
all waited outside like outside in the
waiting room and they all have like
cigars and they'd be passing their
cigars and stuff like that you light up
a cigar in a maternity hospital but like
even just like everyone's waiting to run
outside you're like it's a boy or a girl
that was like oh my
Harvey I know maybe it does happen
people have like big families or
something like that you know I know my
brother and my sister are gonna come up
and see you Melia and a few days like
that's after though yeah yeah
your mom will party your buddy your mom
be the first in who dessert the lights
yummy
all the new stuff yeah we saw her there
look at this table tosco stop I think
that's a gown
Doreen Stanek said something I thought
she us with our strawberries stop it
stalking her stop oh no I think that's
the Scandinavian oh my god this is so
funny to understand here look yeah it's
not even posted but it's ads from at
Lauren InStyle ha and as your email me
today so call we'd love to send you guys
something and shoot to jelly bean
ordered it online with these guys it's
so cool that it's just like sitting here
I know it's found here it's Stephanie
nice exactly look what we got for Amelia
it's so cute I'm when M when Lauren was
when I was email or India today I said
oh she's gonna be the youngest dollar
yeah I'm sure she got a younger is a
pretty purse fill and spill so you get a
mobile phone a purse a set of keys I
think this is a mirror like a compact
mirror and I'm not sure it's just like a
makeup bag or something that is so
adorable
thank you so much yes and then they sent
shoes which I have seen in jellybean I'd
seen already I thought they were so cute
these are 6 to 12 months which is
perfect because that's around the time
that she'll actually only need them um
so thank you so much Lauren and style
whole team team saw all
your toenails are do yoga heat feet the
jerseylicious and the pink nails the
priority prioritize prioritize these
things I can smell something godlike
over here
just in time for some lunch I say yeah
pre pre baby lunch before that I think
yeah
yeah we'll see about opposition
appreciates yeah the anyways midwife's
you my god poke it on guaranteed my
nails Pete you her nails straight away
pedicure manicure will do a light
foundation a quick add a lovely bacon
yeah yeah this is your last meal I don't
know they will have a snack probably oh
yeah
what depends when you have her yeah all
depends last time scene Nicola Nicola
yeah I'm here oh my god nothing yeah I
know take away 10 mommy
next time you see your mommy you'll be a
mommy maybe maybe maybe yeah maybe well
kind of handy yeah is handy or she's the
babies just take care of girls blue she
probably probably would yeah so if
Amelia comes tonight and gets day off
boom it's in everyone's interest here's
everything I got my laptop here is all I
need to say quit me prison and then all
this stuff can't believe this is
actually like you know we're buying all
this stuff and preparing for ages for
all this and leaving in like ten minutes
it's like it's actually confidence it's
like what I just talk for every we're
just gonna keep buying stuff and never
actually have a baby you know and so
they kind of felt like like obviously
for me okay I'll be back but for you
like next time you
my tutors has loved a baby no you'll
never like it'll just be completely
different
looks like the looks like the new the
beds have been claimed oh really yeah
pick the Tea Room in there you can see
them already of all got narrow so plenty
they just put them then they all just
sniffed it and jumped into it okay so I
think if I don't come home tonight
Erica will probably come by of the food
water food water Ivy's bed scene this
bad puppy's bad puppy's bed I don't know
when I'm coming back guys it's funny cuz
like I'm just going here to wait we're
on it in a sense you got hair on you and
I'm actually kind of nervous or
something you know it's like I don't
know just the unknown all the shows that
we watch all the preparation everything
like what we're going there now to have
a baby like it's tomorrow you just
decide you don't know I'm think I was
pointed three a.m. and I was induced so
you know maybe it'll be a tree tree am
sites cams a nice time
you know that'll be a good time for a US
although isn't really right I didn't get
Australian people to get our videos at 3
a.m.
look we got a radio exciting and scary
scary and exciting exciting right the
next week we're doing the monitoring of
the baby fill in all this paperwork
we just got just one centimeter
and she's engaged like centimeters to go
guys
finally I thought so carriages like
Wednesday I feel like we need something
go ahead and try some take a big deep
breath in or something
I don't wanna go
to get in I didn't it didn't make us big
like take a big clap sorry they almost
it's not making a big noises like
anything
I'm totally promised that's why it gave
me more
I really tried the end we're trying to
tap easily after boarding what does that
mean wants to say what does that tell
you like does it say you should be in
hospital early because we never got to
do it because we're not in juice so we
ran we're just taking under contracts
that you haven't put them into the
system see
purchase unless you buy it I'm not
letting you give it our trick is if
you're having contractions and you're in
pain like if you purchase it pain goes
away okay yeah I'm kind of live tracking
it isn't even over you know yeah it's
two feet unless this is this the pajamas
mad no listen II put it in well was a
little but you didn't need to air
anything there's more cotton for me hmm
yeah makes easier yeah now we're in for
a lot of weight I decided to stay
I did I still here it is quarter past
eight and I am on the scavenger to get
us some much food he's got a tuna melt
for knees Shh back inside let's go it's
good now which one of these is the
lights
they're nothing
this thing dad this is a fuse
this thing here we go
all right look use this table thing
yeah get your job
I think it's supposed to go to Norway
this is like the tastiest food I've ever
had in my life
get the kids so hungry yeah how does
that was it good I was a media hopefully
she didn't like him she gets out yeah
you know you can have your own one if
you weren't just yeah come on out
football I was gonna get a coffee and
all the rest like I would if I actually
don't often the most awkward chain in
the world ever maybe an time to go
faster good friend walking we're trying
to walk around and see you that if you
do anything no did you go through those
doors you never get back in yeah clip
square I head back yeah into the dark
are a good match Munich is the other of
we haven't opened in the stairs or
something yeah no get those knees up
once and she's hola Yosh um we're here
we need to get to here and then we need
to have a baby here but if you just move
oh my the grinders are currently no wait
a second look we should totally take
that to an intersection in the hospital
we're having a try stairs get your knees
oh yeah thank you wandering around the
hospital in election you've got your
network to keep knepper toes your
cheetah top you're a Jersey girl going
true there's no there's no love you
understand I go up again
adidas we're gonna have stairs walk this
baby thing is vegan if we can get the
labor started and if I stay here climb
in the labor you guys get to stay here
and this is the labor delivery video but
if I go home the vlog ends that's the
rule that's the role you may have to the
top
oh I thought you else we were to put the
babies oh good job Nene's um leader
what's in here
we're supposed to be there
all right back down you dig a little bit
everyone know where force this maybe
I've even had a brat for a day do you
think it's a good yeah you said aliens
tasty
yeah no but like it wasn't a baby
this sucks so not forget much is going
on the babies drop the head is in place
and everything which sends a heart of
the heart as tender as Dustin what tears
anything it may give you a shot
can I hug it goes green and stuff 6:00
in the morning and I think he's gonna
break your water I mean cake it's it's
not like the water
unfortunately you guys have to come with
me okay cuz we've gotta climb
mountains of pee and poo laughing but
I'm terrified
uh-huh I feel really bad leaving I feel
like I'm such a bad husband or something
but she got her pet that she owned I
think it is Injection hair so they said
it should take ten minutes and she'd be
fast asleep and I'm gonna exit my upper
half five because she said our
consultant should be around five six um
so I was like I want to make sure cuz I
think we're breaking the waters in the
morning so I do not want to be late for
that so let's go home poor little
doggies hope they're okay oh my god
mine's the only car here but what's my
party gonna be like I think it's like
three or four euros an hour I came here
at 3 o'clock
he was now a half midnight that's quite
a lot of time 270 an hour I hope there's
a cut-off point you know like because
please don't give me t 7 arrow please
have a cut-off point oh my god I was in
there for eight and a half hours oh crap
oh there's it kind of 15 euros hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
