so when this video goes live we're
actually in the hospital right now
because this is 6 p.m. which means you
got to jail two hours ago
we're doing our homework we're preparing
ourselves and what did she write these
type the Matt no maybe yes okay so the
first one is prostaglandins so
prostaglandin gel is placed alongside
the cervix that's what I'm getting done
tomorrow at 4 and then 2 is artificial
rupture of the membrane so breaking off
the waters well I don't know if they're
actually gonna do I think it depends on
whether the first one works or not
yeah yeah of course that works pretty
quick and they probably won't need to
your water is the product rate
themselves but they could do both then 3
is oxytocin oxytocin is a natural
substance which causes theaters to
contract
cinto is a synthetic oxytocin used to
induce an induced liver or if the
woman's contractions are ineffective and
the cervix is not opening so that's like
the final one that will definitely work
it will help the contractions to become
more efficient CentOS and toasted it's
given through a vein in your arm the
amount is gradually increased until oh
that's a drip coming in the right
strength and frequency okay so it's
increased all the time until so that's
like the last kind of mad straw yeah
once a syn toast and drop drip and
starting if your baby's heartbeat and
contractions are monitored continuously
until delivery sometimes one or more
methods of induction are used together
to induce labor Prosecco may be inserted
followed by a RM and a syn Tosun and
drip but I know that
that's all we need to know how exciting
so yeah like when we said that we're
going in on we're getting induced on
Tuesday a little fact though if Toph at
oh is that where I'm getting the gels on
Monday so when this video goes live
we're actually in the hospital right now
because this is 6 p.m. which means you
got the gel two hours ago
isn't it so two hours ago it says a
maximum of 24 hours or if nothing
happens in this cesarean in around 24
hours which means that our 4:00 p.m. on
Tuesday the 11th of September Amelia
will probably be born if a ghost
whimpers although the girl I was talking
to a producer in TV three by two days
ago and she is at she's asked us about
coming in it's going to show and stuff
and I was like oh yeah we're getting gel
someone named she said she was like well
to be honest I got the gels and I went
into labor two hours afterwards and I
had the baby that night it's quite odd
so I was like all right I think
everyone's kind of different yeah you
have a lot of hemp it will play with you
bringing during that American looking
thing what's that one with a little
icing at the bottom well that's cool
with a little thing hanging up it does
smell like apple pie apple pie she has a
lot of sniff I was new mmm smell evasion
whoa mm-hmm smells like apple pie
actually my god one pretzel oh my god
what does it taste like it okay I love
cake too I love cake oh wow
no way yeah it's not like it because the
vinegary thing oh yeah tell me how
exactly make it that's the kind of
science that's the kind of science that
helps the world cinnamon cinnamon heaven
I just melt away too many strong
smelling scent last minute of my life
would it be mush them all together a
little thing in it yeah I know some of
them have that that's pretty similar to
whack let em tear away isn't it no -
yeah
put the tree Oh Xena oh my god they're
getting so big I didn't realize that was
Xena I love this oh yes they are like
there pronto here's this kind of
Panthers on crystal scimitar fell asleep
for about three hours
yeah I'm so tired and what was that
means Raticate tiredness is come over to
me oh my god this is my last pronto con
Costa before mania
Wow oh yeah just depending what we do
tomorrow
this could be it this could be the last
one before somebody's sticking and
peeing and pooing all over me mm-hmm
yeah people it'll be dad you wouldn't
make it be Anka tuna it's just a weird
thing dad
tomorrow like he could even tomorrow
Amelia could be here it's not crazy to
think you'd imagine you have one of
those quick quick ones you know there's
this book called what to expect
yeah I don't know the film teaches you
much no that was cool you're guaranteed
precisely we have to wait TV's almost
closed the other girl not wearing the
pink one they're all you guys you have
no idea
huh you have no ideas there no clue
what's gonna happen like it so just keep
thinking about like you just it's not
like you're going into it thinking like
you know what were you're applying like
okay well if I go in and then you get
the jobs maybe if you do the full 16
hours of the process and thing then I
can go home you had two two four eight
sessions you know then I can go home and
look after the dogs and the dogs are
okay and stuff like that like or will it
be like yeah it's all organized to it to
a certain extent but whatever like when
we go in for the first round and then in
two hours you start having contractions
 go down
you know I mean it would be cool if I
guess I should go and stay with the dogs
for a bit because that means I if we
have like a three or four a.m. birth
yeah at least the dogs will I've gotten
something so they wouldn't feel like
they're left for a full 24 hours yeah
you know but then again just have no
idea it's so unknown all you do you know
is that tomorrow 4 o'clock we're getting
the gels you know which means it won't
be at 13 I won't be a 12th of September
but it could be a 10 or 11 of September
our OB says laughing I need a professor
so I'm guessing huh
I'm guessing he knows who's gonna mind
that house do day to day every day
who's gonna mine now house to Dana Feyen
the lobbying and he'll deal to it all
going on homes around areas in the
corner he's in the corner okay you know
in the house I'll be into the bed let's
jump the lab aha decided to get some
takeout tonight because you can't
possibly eat food
you've ruined it from the top this is
our last drive to the petrol station
before we have Amelia yeah she's full I
filled her up the idea today for a worry
a fear of like be it being empty or
something like that you know yeah with
two low pops I think I think this tune
they don't say hello poppy
so anyway I'm pretty sure we have to if
we don't is it a monster
I know it's now sticker unless of course
your mom forgot how to drive I figured
the day before your pregnancy we should
just parts at the petrol pumps you know
we start doing tomorrow as soon as we
have Amelia we're gonna start parking in
the mail me and baby Parkins bus oh yeah
what if your baby is in hospital after
you've just given birth does that
technically mean legally I should allow
for the week to know when you're in the
hospital I'm like doing stuff legally I
should be a lot of Park in the mom and
baby why do you mom and baby why aren't
they father and baby same as the
changing room so always like mom and
baby it's like hello hello can daddy
change the baby please you know we bring
the buggy up for the first time with the
baby should we like put these on them we
put that on the buggy if you're like
learner's your new peace and quiet
this is our em cuz they're sort of day
before the storm day you know this fog
may be kind of short hope you guys are
okay with that but um I'm probably
having a baby tomorrow are you having a
baby well we may be having a baby
tomorrow so we started didn't really do
much today we just started like you know
slept and just sort of chillax and we
just had we got some Indian food we're
gonna click now am i watching TV you
sort of chillax and prepare ourselves
for the day tomorrow cuz you've no idea
what's gonna happen like I don't know
what the percentage is but there must be
like a high percentage that you can have
a baby tomorrow yeah
you know even though I think like
there's no way to know how the gel is
going to affect your system yeah you
know you put the gel on and your system
I just go no with the baby
yeah because like you probably had like
the most textbook pregnancy yeah in the
history of pregnancies like it was
absolutely just like never everywhere
you read on the app like oh tomorrow
just starts then it did start you know
and so I guess it was the first and only
day that I had like really bad backache
yeah I just went away
oh my god that dog is so small so cute
it's like half the size of the pop whoa
and he's party full size
Oh wasn't wasn't there's no hairs
he's so small he was like seriously he's
probably like the size of a wet puppy of
ours yeah yeah yeah what he's running
away no no no oh God okay but does
everyone walk dogs in here so I know
yeah what everyone's expecting there to
be dogs in here I'm gonna drive like a
snail when I actually got to drive it
just in case a dog just in case get a
dog sensor thing you know my mom's cars
all these computerized sensor things got
one with the dogs editing on it so it
keeps my at four oh my god are you guys
excited for tomorrow like tomorrow's
blog this could be the last blog without
I mean it could be the last vlog and
Amelia oh oh sure thing she's actually
dragging him yeah you might as well I'm
like you know and you're just like you
probably only people that watch
could be the same with your baby
Yorick sewing anybody was like baby suck
you like babies like you say gaga no I
don't think so
I've seen way too many cartoons oh the
day of reflection series 3 of the blog
start tomorrow series 1 was like us
being together series 2 was like being
us married and series tree yeah it is
like new cast member series 4 will be
the next baby we have yeah I think that
I don't see anything
after like you know the next big
milestone the thing with me not you know
maybe when the kids go to school and
stuff yeah that'll be a long season
between being born and going to school
oh the divorce oh yeah yeah stay tuned
that's gonna be a good one we didn't get
the mandra no way that was like the most
craziest experience of my life Abby's
going crazy
come on what hobby come here come here
come here come here come here come here
what do you do Albie come here come here
come here
go to here come here come here
what's going on what is governor well
I'm so hyper boy what have you got so
high footwork oh goodness
I'll be ready but I'd want a right side
you would right side you want to go we
go we go outside you know you wanted
that okay ready you ready hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
