I don't no idea why I'm disinfecting
product bottles Oh wipe this down you
know which nobody ever touches anyway
don't forget the window handle
holy mackerel we could open a shop it's
overflow
oK we've got an overflow situation so
we're gonna plan out the first two weeks
of Amelia's life I mean if you're
watching this you're welcome
how about we just put her in this every
day that's Christmas time you know three
months no it's three to six months oh my
birthday
so this okay okay do you have you know
the first three days when you're in
hospital do you have all that in the
bank
yeah okay so I don't need to bring
anything no but if I want something it's
all gonna be from here oh is this the
newborn sorry you're some good
organizing so this on this part like
these two piles and this part like these
three are a newborn okay okay what's the
middle pile then it goes like like these
two here and newborn then it goes this
is 0 to 3 this is 2 to 4 you can just
look at like the first one in you know 2
to 6 or no 2 to 4 I think these are
tight it goes up in size so it goes like
from here and then now what do you wanna
wear for your first weeks yeah you know
what amelia is you know idea guys what's
gonna happen is that a prison for Amelia
I brought you some Hoyt you see girl
you're lying in the pillar and you chew
okay so is this Monday what oh where I
probably don't need two weeks I know I
don't know the weather's gonna be like
or anything
yeah I forgot whether actually the
factor just organizing inside so that we
know where everything is okay okay good
plan we taking our labels off the
labeling so I love the Heidi wares to
the Heidi one here it's a new important
thing that's so cool the hoodies are
really cool
staying at an ASBO should be hanging on
the corners down my god I love that it's
organic cotton seconds man a hoodie tree
organically grown from Apogee tree
because a little pair of jeans
really oh yeah that's like seeing it
like I believe in the hospital with a
baby you know what the problem with
shoplifting is that what you end up with
this thing ah we didn't shoplift it guys
but I think it's really funny you know
when this stuff happens in shops it's
not funny at all it's so annoying so I'm
trying to figure I had to get this thing
off
I remember this happened one plan before
hogr totally cute combo
nobody's happened one time before one
time yo what's up I'm glad I'm a
multitasker I'm trying to use a
screwdriver to try and see I know that
it worked with the magnet release system
there's like a magnet in here I think
you'd only go into shops they go I think
it's a magnet but I can't to sing off
without damaging the clothes I'm just
gonna leverage it off with the app the
thing I'm just trying to pop it out
hopefully it works done all I need I
should just take this next time I go
shopping I should just bring this with
me and I get some free clothes there we
go it didn't damage it around nice yeah
I managed to you might get the thing out
then you need damage does this fit me no
I can't even get my hand to it let alone
my shoulder I'm so cute I love the
little waiter
at these different days or I fit yeah
okay just can I make it like yours
mm-hmm I love the Hat I always reminds
me of like I'm a synchronized swimmer or
like you know a sort of a dancer from
like the 50s or something or the
twenties yeah yeah they're kind of
cool-looking so I know yesterday we're
driving on this exact Road and I said
hey this is the last time we'll drive on
this road until we have Amelia back on
this set road we have monami yet so I
liked you guys yesterday Oh in the back
the two people are like she likes that
something has been like micro staring in
at them I was like look at their dog's
image so you can kind of see him
he's a lot of me all the time was like
so we are we got a a while ago a few
weeks ago few days ago or something I'm
a company in Ireland you make em it's
really amazing whites that when we were
at the baby fair I was like I heard
about them they're like all 99.9% done
something to call water wipe cement
water like but they have this nightmare
but I'm saying made out of water and
then like 1% another point one percent
is like lime or lemon or something like
that so it was really good I was like oh
my god I guess like we should totally
get them we had a media then they call
us never like we would like to send you
a lifetime supply
what do you understand like out my
congratulations hamper or something like
that so them it was in there we got an
acknowledgement that I hit the P o box
yesterday and I for but we went to the
Peter box and - don't forget set it so
when it come back into the POE Poe but
poke hole closes early on a Saturday for
now I really wanted to get this hamper
before we had Amelia so you can have it
in the hospital
for you'd have in the hospital because
if we didn't have a media I'm sending
back
the deal I saw this on the news here
today right I don't know if you can read
that it says trim or Valley Park there's
a massive new park being developed in
Cork where it don't used to be and it's
like oh my god it's gonna be so cool
like my parents gonna have like a dog
area and like a kid area and its got
like a lake they're putting into it it's
like a golf course it's gonna be like
math like all of this here all of this
crap here it's going to be developed
into a massive public park that it's so
happy they said it's going to be like
available maybe the end of next year or
maybe even first quarter 2014 that it's
gonna be so cool to have a giant park
right here because this thing here has
been here for so long and looked at
messy and dirty it is like just it's
just like nothing you know and it was a
jumping in the residents complain and
eventually they got rid of the dump
they've cleaned it all up like but when
I said that I was like on oh my god
because there's only really like one
sort of walk-on area in court and it's
that one that we always go on and it was
so cool to have another one and lo and
behold
and the whole time when I was watching
this report all I could think of is that
Leslie Knope would be really really
happy right we managed to get the stuff
but um I feel like chicken tonight we
treat ourselves with some Nando's first
and then I'm gonna go check that out
when we get home but it's like super
heavy so I wanna they said okay curious
then same time I'm kind of holy holy
well it's been laughing we hold hands
you hold hands when you have babies or
is it all just like no holding hands so
we were saying we're going for the walks
and holding the dogs and stuff I can't
wait to get the little AG kangaroo was
it called between the dads were oh the
one you want it's a couple of ergo I
think the Ergo yeah but what did they
define as
I don't know you know the carrier thing
because Nene's Nene's war hurts for like
nine months you've been carrying the
baby ten so the neck for the next ten
months I'm going to carry the baby and
then movie even he needs compliment
contemplating getting should get it
not that the resting you don't get
chicken mmm nose that's like going
Thank You Craig McDonald's are getting a
salad
what do you want
you were at you raw you're all about the
chicken at weddings side salad
oye just one side salad bitch pier side
salad from getting a foot of our chicken
is the first time we went and then nose
and the afternoon bottle of water that's
a very inherited water before there's so
many islands you talk dirty mop knees in
water
I know instead that's where just like no
one we've always we've always offered
water I'm like let me say water is
getting the glasses for the fountain
thing
I was like no splash yeah we're gonna go
all out Mina shall I Instagram this so
we do we take a ground it's infinitely
gramophones you put an Instagram on this
look away okay Instagram
fo t fo put the Sun is back in to make
it seem more like appealing and that's
Instagram this
oh yeah nice whoa
should should we go the other way might
not actually mattered for walking as
well
whoa hot in Silicon Valley one round it
the rule it's my only good German let's
try that again in silicon for comment on
vessel zoom motor car auto auto what was
it called Auto
automobile the Varian motor one Bavarian
motor works because Thank You Shawn
feeling like oh this colossa taught you
Justin jovis Justin jokey jokey Bieber
yeah okay well today is probably the
first day where it's there's a bit of a
nip in the air but like we've been do
this pretty much like we have been doing
this oh this is how you clean your face
after going to Nando's just get all the
peri-peri sauce off kids we've been
doing this for like over a week now
we've been sitting in here every day
it's amazing and then I talk because it
was the weekend that were probably you
know baby girl my little baby coil won't
be a little baby anymore
there's a new baby coming in town hmm
you guys gonna have to step up look
after me the effort you're gonna step up
you're gonna step over
so cute okie dokie you first don't mind
I had my phone number to ourselves
see what we got our Emperor Irish please
thank you Irish breeze holy crap
what are these things safety buds
they're for cleaning like their ears
nose and crevices crevices of their face
Oh
dribble bids they've disposable dribble
dribble bibs help prevent rash dribble
bibs a lot of dribble dibs what this
hospital Paula Dean cotton wool what you
need that for you watch someone happen
well okay giant pads wait yeah that's it
you supposed to do use cotton wool on
water waves this is brilliant this is
this is such a baby starter kit double
soft is that for makeup it can be a
brain oh my god crazy purse oh my god
this is it this is it
oh my oh my god oh my god they sent us a
crate load that she sent us a crate load
just think there's like a cradle these
are things I was talking about guys
anyway look nine nine nine seven one is
everyone some fruit extract Co before
birth boys never had sex no buzzing
hello okay how's my bro look look at
this look at the amount of stuff like
that is so cool the water wipes I really
really wanted this is so cool
could you marry me although it's not
like a week supply for a baby you know
nice job Nene's trying to try my plan
says what's all that stuff all over him
yeah that's weird
that was like insects well yeah there's
like insects I like it more Congrats to
the plants okay since maybe there's one
time to me left a window open or
something but look it looks like tons
and tons of insects eating the plants
how's my pride and joy it in mm-hmm my
Basil's all right it's the important
part fast to them blow them again all
right let's put this stuff away
me
keeping before we're poor
probably not
is the major advantage in a big major
cleanup today
ordered a lot of tourists to do today I
so many chores
all my new partner and tricky
where do though the dust under the bed
come from like there's a dust world
every week I do this every week
here
where do you come from there's a bit
advance another chief
who sent you dust he missed it on am on
Facebook there yesterday
that's my facebook name by the way there
is a link in the description but I had
it down here look that's the boy
Marisa's look I uploaded six three
hundred was it 298 photos it's all the
Tom nails and end end slate that have
been on the blog like you know that
we've been using over the while and I
just like sort of jacked them all up
there see if any of you guys want to go
treat them
I think this thing is kind of cool you
can actually see I think it's like three
hundred so it's almost it's definitely
like maybe ten months or so but I think
it's kind of cool you know I think
there's a certain point you have to
admit you have a problem
well they longer just walking around
like Washington's and we are doing it
today with yours you're crazy like every
time I think I'm done I come down quick
sweep what what where's the coin phone
because she comes to this door and she's
scratches and I paused obviously not a
coffee standing actually there's a
couple of states that were here when we
came here because this has exactly the
same as it did it's not cleaner to be
honest like than it was when we moved in
here
well it is cuz you're insane like the
last people didn't have a baby so they
weren't as insane as you but look what I
did I finally this thing was annoying me
so I broke it down slowly
I finally so I put it in here that's
kind of cool look the way the wheels
just kind of like go to the side I mean
you plop the thing down then the big
thing another white coming up there in
five minutes we still need storage for
more of a media
clothes and stuff yeah a nursery and a
nurse I would just like to say to my mom
for years and years and years did this
task I'm sorry I did not understand I
did not realize what you did so job this
is just figuring out how much work in
action is officially the worst day of my
life I don't know idea why I am
disinfecting product bottles okay I
passing everything off disinfectant
which were I don't want reason and wipe
this down here which nobody ever touches
anyway yeah but it's call it dust
don't forget the window handle why don't
we just hire someone to do this oh my
god I know we'd say that I'm like well I
never real
they have moment uh-huh so that was
jellybean our our boutique
the boutique the baby boutique that we
bought off Amelia's furniture from and I
don't know I think Jo has told you guys
because some of you guys were asking
about the changing table we actually
decided to get a different changing
table because some she said she was
getting in some we had picked one and
then you were yeah these are this it's a
Scandinavian furniture that this new
line that she's getting in and she was
like if you like this better you know
yeah she was like it's a it's a much
nicer changing table like kind of line
thing so she said if we liked it better
that we could pick what it really were
yeah I know I just get out of breath of
no reason that it could be probably like
a week later and we don't mind the way
because the changing table isn't a huge
deal for us to have like right at the
beginning so anyways she was like can
you come in and see them she was like we
have some options for you here he
finally came in and can you come in on
Monday I was like um yeah so I told her
I was getting induced on um on Tuesday
and stuff and she was like well if you
can't make it that's fine you know but
I'd like to go in like yeah because to
get it before but if not I mean it's
fine so yeah so we're going in she said
that she thinks it's a style that
Jonathan and I were really really like
so I was really happy to hear that and
um yeah it's gonna match like her crib
and everything you know the wood is like
it's the same color it's just they're
nicer than the one that we had
originally picked and it was very nice
for it to to do that so we're going in
on Monday and then she was saying how
lucky I was to be induced so soon
because she was like usually they make
you wait like at least 10 days she was
like you're so lucky that you get to go
faster I was like yeah I know it's
really really funny you said it to me so
anyways I'm really happy now I feel like
everything's coming together nope sorry
don't forget the bathtub
we repacking the baby bag for the
millionth time cuz we got all this new
awesome stuff sparkly okay okay so here
all her best
so crazy they were packing to bring home
somebody to bring home a new person
there isn't even here yet
this is your survival of labels oh yeah
yeah very good look when you get in is
do you move like do you hang on our
clothes up or something do you unpack
this best I'm not gonna unfold stuff
yeah see the Bambi top the vest and the
top as well well we're two dividers like
oh really
plus it snaps here so covers everything
okay no and then that's her top is there
her legging cardigan her socks this is
so exciting
oh you think it's a little bear sponge
Oh for this when they did a bath lesson
thing that's so hiney now we're getting
a changing table because we have no more
space for anything mess is your county
that what's for dinner
excited for the cream she knows you're
the cream lady we have to bring our own
we have to bring our own this is good
because this is a turkey member last me
know nothing nothing at all but remember
last week the turkey was the only thing
that we am we didn't actually use this
is a kind of good tasty type dad a
safety damn uh-huh fish gets it all over
her nose this is the last time you guys
will eat cream before immediately this
is the last time we're having lamb
before Amelia comes o thir key sorry
turkey Turkey turkey sucky thing tasty
turkey puffs like I pick a pissy it's
pie time don't bad I think it's a cake
actually yeah I suppose it has a lot of
pie features you know okay it's okay
it's again this is our last cake the
last time you're gonna cut that before I
mean really
oh boy
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because that would be
