it's a real lumen so it's Gary now it's
like okay hold on it's a dramedy I know
going to get a big dose ass mad educator
this morning I just like to assess your
fecal situations Jesus you know jokes
jokes huh fetus patatas potatoes potato
see when she start when she stops being
a fetus and starts becoming to me I
taught you I I thought she was a baby I
didn't teach you still that fetus or I
know they don't lease a new boy and no
is that what it is you born to baby
you're right actually there's something
better so yeah we're getting our fluids
checked every time someone says fluid in
a medical sense I don't know if you guys
saw it is but there was an episode of
scrubs this is like going way back right
and it wasn't JD it was the girl I
camera her name was so far along and she
was tuned arounds and goes to grumpy
doctor's name Wilco
how you remember but your sisters this
is like towards me I'm indoors all day
war em they were like am co chief chief
and co-chief
we got you know cover but em there's
this kind of guy and he didn't get any
and she was like oh what's wrong and
he's like I got from he she's got fluids
and then it I was like it's not your
best way and he's like boom boom she's
got fluids it is just like rap thing
about she's got fluid I don't know did
you remember you're the best thing about
that show was the janitor the janitor
and JD's sort of little like Renee
he was just like such a good character
everybody started off with like like a
small role and as the show progressed
you got bigger and bigger and bigger he
was like we're the best parts it
because I was going to this guy was he a
scrub we had nothing in common with like
like stupid but I am so I'm actually
friends with him now he's he's a nice
guy but we just we should not have been
together it was so stupid but he was
obsessed with
and he made me watch it and I never
thought it was like I just wasn't really
into it you know yeah it always reminds
me of him because he loved it so much
and I remember I was watching it and the
janitors had like some janitor wars yeah
yeah Jenner's it sure was bad I was like
Oh having a janitor board yeah oh it
it's just a thing students explain it if
you have to watch it till I notice that
huh like I just didn't know what uh-huh
but it is a funny show I think scrubs
might have taken on after friends as the
next big sort of show that everyone sort
of watched and since then what does I
don't know if there's anything
maybe I'm just I've lost touch because
like no but like you know the ones were
watching they're like like Breaking Bad
and Dexter and stuff but I like they're
amazed not but they're not the same
scrubs is like there was always an
episode of scrubs on friends on
somewhere on some channel you could
always find an episode our friends or
scrub somewhere I don't know what the
show is that people watching right now
and it doesn't leave us a comment Oh
does it matter what country doesn't
matter
oh my God look at time it is timmy is
birthday time well it's up to sit away
around in Ireland we say 1109 12 I think
in America you say nine eleven twelve oh
my god imagine she was born in ten
eleven twelve
you know gonna hang on for another month
No ha ha do-do-do-do-do he'll see you
emerge I'll see you mph ha ha ha imagine
we went in today for fetal assessment
and then they said like oh um yeah for I
don't know what reason and then suddenly
were put into a ward that can happen
that can happen we can I imagine we end
up having the baby today I just
think it will go because I'm no science
no science no science man she's honest
it's it's in distress and then it'll be
cesarean got handy it'd be quicker it is
it is oh my god we haven't been in here
and so on
we always great to be at her place
higher I'm looking to get my fetal
assess what's that guy up there fetus oh
god I'm gonna say it wrong go laughs
yeah where's the parking go ah hello my
dream we're gonna be doing this in like
on Monday or a few thing not crazy yeah
oh that's Paterna it's kind of scary
oh my goodness
I don't know
I'm sure that means something it's
alright it's a real lumen so it's Gary
now it's like okay how's that a channel
ID I know but it's like determine a
drummer in the antenatal fuse talk about
them and that was like you have them
attached to you what does that mean
though maybe should fake a couple of
kicks maybe is it comfy cutting I like
everything differently monitoring your
incoming calls a zone so you guys want
to meet our baby she's still in there
everything's checked ed Lewis
everything's ready to go
expanded look at that and that kind of
cool this is like right there to know
what that is that's yeah
storks anymore they're like Boeing 747
she's dropping all the babies off yep
that's it guys what happens our stork
our circles come in on Tuesday yeah
apparently mm-hmm all right million year
old parking how bad is it how about how
about how about oh oh sorry sorry sorry
I'm stapling inserted how badly
uh-huh do you know what happened again
it's always happens we get invited to
the most awesome events is it in LA
oh no it's beautycon kitchen 8 ah
I want to go maybe I'll be like a few
days oh just didn't leave the hospital
straight onto a transatlantic flight to
LA California when I was 2 months old
oh yeah hmm no not for reply back
we're playing fly back tell them we'll
take it they look up but yeah I look so
cool so andreaschoice
um is speaking Ellen Blair Fowler
speaking Whitney Port
you know Whitney loved hills and hills
or whatever um some other people I don't
know not youtubers um yeah it looks
really really cool Oh nuts
we always get invited to stuff like this
that's fair
hello hello we've come to mama style at
its house but she's not here so we gotta
open the fridge and help ourselves to
some tasty food these that's what
happens if you're not in your house at
some time and jofi drops by me warned he
may eat all of your food nickel has we
have no doctors we ran away to the Popo
and then we thought I'd am we dropped by
mama Schneider's and tell her about our
fecal assessment how's your feet'll oh
it's been assessed I see fetus fetus Oh
Joffe
English higher level exam papers um let
me just say there's ads what is like
what the hell is this just like ads and
stuff in here
oh they're like papers the bed ads and
stuff it's kind of weird
a little static lemonnation commercials
or pulled holes in the knees and you
guys do your genius at exam in 2008 for
year two years three thousand three
thousand ten all right hold on huh huh
2004 oh my goodness me these years is in
here 2003 English paper higher level
part one why would you get this oh jesus
er yeah okay and you guys do this genius
in paper eating an ice cream cone
well that sounds quite advanced it was a
sweltering day in the stash windows of a
turd class while open as wide as
possible I could cook the fish
let's comprehend use it goodness
yeah it's ginger well three years time
we'll come back and Ricky's will be
doing reading sir and you guys I want to
come to ed Sheridan with me what what
Oh ed sheeran is it me me I didn't know
he was myself an honor going ma'am we're
going to check no what's it for Erica
but he's supposed to be M so she's
pretty cool he did that song that
everyone was tweeting us it's called
like the baby duck bomb yeah and he's on
the river yeah yeah he kind of wants me
off not piano guy he's a young Jamie
column he reminds me of Jamie column for
playing a guitar you don't Jimmy
columnist in the comments if you like
Jamie column he's brilliant like but
it's he's like that guy but playing a
guitar anyway because
oh when I finish the wedding video I did
oh really
yeah they used to edit video that's the
Italian video I went to an eight who's
hiding video there anyway in to Naples
oh my god
procrastination what's happening every
day is thinking like if Mia come I know
but if we no time there's like I gotta
get it done before Amelia me to be so
disappointed me finish to render a say
might upload today actually onto video
where will I put it eat it just eat it
eat it pick it pick what are the piggies
for mmm
Oh a little bi cake a little kind of
pink pig oh that might be nice salmon
no no soon man soon see the summer's
kind of over that's disappointing isn't
it yeah yeah we came at CAMH it was like
an Iranian where I know no immediate
we'll never know this summer winter is
coming
Winterfell what a beautiful Lane
changing in the kidding
get in the kid Matt honey put in my tire
so this could be the last time we drive
down this road where Amelia
seriously we usually lonely drive down
this road down to the popos which is on
Fridays which I don't even know if we're
going to go to the Popo next Friday
we'll see I don't even know I was
talking to some people today and they
were like all you want hooked it up for
next week and I was like be honest I
cannot agree to anything next week
because I have no idea
next week is going to be a new life for
me I don't even know what next week hoes
in store getting changer this is the
last Friday of our life that was the
last time in Mama Starlights wood I
didn't mean a while probably not we're
probably gonna probably see her again
problem like that every time I do
something I'm like this is the is the
last time I'm going to stop at a traffic
light we're at Amelia I seriously do not
think that but seriously it's like oh my
god we're sitting there today getting to
when she was like attaching it to her
heart meter and so yeah yeah I'm an
Aussie I was like on oh my goodness when
she unhooked me and everything was done
I was like I mean I knew well that I had
no attraction but really and I haven't
had any contractions yet at all but I
just thought I'd ask just two cases like
were there any contracted like was I
having any contractions that she's done
loving
I was like contraction there's like
that's what I thought I really don't
like a ten-centimeter yeah
is this it do I get my baby hell yeah
when what room brought my baby yes I
said she went into the yeah the fluid
checking thing I was like I'm here to
check the baby yeah
don't she was like um no but I just
wanted to check just in case like cuz
that's what that machine is for and
there was nothing so she just does not
want to commander there no she's just
too happy
nope she the lazy poop because she's
gonna be my best friend so she doesn't
want to like separate from me obviously
think of all the shopping trips you guys
are gonna go on well the yeah we're
talking somebody today and she was
saying she had two boys and a girl and
she said that her her little girl was
like her shopping buddy and I was like
well that's what I'm hoping for and I
was like my best friend lo T DS right
what you're wearing like the same
clothes
we're like the crazy mommy and me but um
yeah and then she was I said to her I
was like I hope she doesn't hate me like
I hope she will be my best friend and
she's like no she will be right who is
she was really nice
but yeah that's what I'm hoping for I'm
like even if I end up being like a way
to lay back mom and let her do
everything I'm like I don't care I just
want to be her friend just want to be
alone you guys I can do it go away cuz
people actually that watch the vlogs are
like oh I think Anna is gonna be like
the strict one and Joffe is is gonna be
the fun one but actually when it comes
to the dogs and stuff it's actually the
other way around I'm Erica Italia and
Erica will tell you that too we were
babies this is way back when America was
a lot younger we were babysitting her I
don't even be using you're just like
living with her when I think my parents
were away or something and we're looking
after her and I was the one who just let
her do it whatever she wanted and
Jonathan was the one who was like no you
have to be in bed by 8:00 item yeah he
made like a reward system of when she
was good
actually but anyway um and when my mom
came home she told my mom we weren't
there at the time she told her that she
and I'm I was like what was it like
whatever and she was like um well I
actually really appreciated the fact
that Jonathan was more strict with me
because she said that it just made her
feel more secure or something she was
like you know at the time it's like Oh
nuts I want to go I want to stay up or I
want to do this or why am I not allowed
to do this but at the same time she's
like appreciated the boundaries and she
appreciated the fact that you know it
just means that somebody else is in
control I think obviously children need
that like I'm not saying that I'm gonna
be like letting me into whatever she
wants and she's gonna turn into a squat
bra but you know what I mean like I was
actually the one who was more like yeah
whatever
do whatever you want and Jonathan was
like no well obviously it will never
ever be on the gloves he disciplining my
child know what you can be sure there
will be disciplining coming yeah but I
will never vlog it like no same as we
don't live in dogs sometimes I want to
beat those dogs senseless like hold on
second I leave this up recording for a
second because I'm going to share some
serious obscenity that yeah
yeah you guys get some stuff Steve check
this thing out it's supposed to like
smell like peanut butter but it's like a
toy you think so I'll be I'll be I'll be
I think he's too busy now
alright ah
oh good dog exactly sitting order soapy
hate me
see you on a second round thank you look
everyone's taking a while well we'll
hold this for later then yeah but hold
that off the later Sam was it delicious
long-lasting flavor and scent turbo chew
toy your dog will love maybe do it -
I'll be upstairs
yeah yeah flavor bugs this is look non
edible plastic natural flavor that
should be supervised by using this item
remove poison pet if parts become loose
or detached oh my god how crazy is that
yesterday's video was 28 minutes and 8
seconds today's video is 20 minutes and
8 seconds
I should double check to make sure and
reupload the same video is so crazy when
you actually notice ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
it's pi day sucking bad mushrooms
delicate piece of pastry I'm gonna turn
the oven on when I sing my little song -
oh ho so excited Friday
hi they gotta have a pot on Friday
ninis is making some rock-hard ah
passed out I got 100
you're a friend cedar come on come on
come on yeah it would loves me if
somebody must love me yeah to fight over
me
you actually hey I know you I got a
newbies I got I got a newbies I don't
have any boobies baby oh my god she
cried not me
no wonder Amelia excuse me oh my god
hey is it she won't do it no more
only with the dogs with daughter never
yeah oh god damn but you know that's why
I video won't come out you can probably
hear all these animals she's like really
sweet and small and then I just see her
face which like she goes into a monster
see you a monster he was holding my
endless hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Jolie's -
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
Oh
