totally get them if they match the
county you're so cute they got a little
boner and they're within this small
medium but you've got small medium feet
you can see that is that steam or is my
little house on fire please cuz it's a
foggy morning but it's just like Steam
or something or fog or something just
like rolling over the house it's gotta
cool
hey by the way the Turner has been fast
doesn't mean that's for me every morning
excuse my stupidity
excuse my stupidity copy okay oh I lost
some hairs the neighborhood buy a kettle
again don't worry I'm learning how much
we don't actually use the kettle though
you know I'm not having one where we
just get one of those pots with the
little spout on there exactly what one
of those here once it goes and they're
done like you guys know rtos you it's
not a POS three little girls do that
stares for ages huh see it all rolls it
up rose the vault
he's a big puppy in a little look upon
what we love them to the dinner
Oh
I know where is your to give at the deal
get out of my way yeah hey girl hey girl
boy they heard yogurt pop oh oh is it
the blueberries important blueberries
antioxidants
this is eventually gonna be coffee
someday in the near future this is my
this is my trick right I'm going way
that no today we are going to go with
Linkin Park this is a real cool this is
one with a jay-z in it it's pretty epic
there's my stopwatch thing over here
which are you going to stop watch calm
it's just like a website that has a
stopwatch that works and I'm actually a
rendering hand to blog at the same time
and someone's tweeting me at the same
time but um yeah so what I do right is
that for about 25 minutes 25 minutes
into the concert it's like I'll pick up
an end they go on to this sort of
instrumental stuff which is cool I guess
they do that but when I'm in the middle
when I'm 25 minutes in right BPM bursts
and I'm like dying I'm like getting need
my pick up it's not gonna work out so on
I have the mouse over here it's like the
waters right so I'm usually I'll drag
the machine peel back here and and then
I use the mouse while running to just
flick over and flick ahead to about it's
about 40 50 minutes in is the part where
you're like you guys one more LP if you
know the constant you know I bet it's
like yeah and then it picks up its tempo
again so that's my Christmas Drake I'm
like relying on my train grab the middle
and this way I'm standing here because
you just learned about chickens but
anyway look at this pictures are one
like yeah little chickens who is it
orange I match what up in a way but
chickens Biloxi's watching chickens are
watching the rock is so cute oh my god
we should totally get chicks
they probably are for laying there
pretty fat ones
Laura leave us a comment explain to Anna
that you are not going to eat those
chickens she's not going to eat those
chickens they're not reading their pet
their pet chickens oh no we get their
different chickens comments it's okay
they'll be okay I can tell I can tell
those ones will be fine what if we what
if Laura were to send you a photograph
every year on their birthday and you can
watch them grow up and have children and
live a Wonderful Life I'm not so I'm
just thinking and then you were the one
you were like who there's no other
reason yeah I see exactly you can have
eight chickens and friend chickens
oh so I decided that I'm gonna make some
lunch and I'm gonna make something for
Dreyfuss because he calling it like what
he doesn't like go to shoot so I was
gonna do for me
some sun-dried tomatoes - goats cheese
in a sandwich right maybe with some
rocket or something and then dofus is
not really that into like those cheese
at all I don't think he likes it very
much
he had it yesterday again no he don't
like it so I know he isn't gonna want
the goat's cheese so I thought I would
make him a caprese with a twist so I
think you'll like it it's gonna be super
yummy I think anyways like he doesn't
know just finished his workout and he is
upstairs working I'm doing a video
uploaded and yeah and then I have so
much cleaning to do open it's like so
super sunny and amazing inside and I
kind of like you would think that it
actually it's so stupid what you think
that on a sunny day or like you know a
nice day it's motivating and you it's
like a motivating day to clean and stuff
when it's super something like this and
we haven't had nice and I summer at all
it's actually not motivating at all
because all I want to do is sit outside
and just enjoy it but I know I have a
ton of cleaning to do I have to clean
the well I have to vacuum the bedroom
upstairs I have to clean the toilets and
I also want to do like a kind of deep
cleaning of the kitchen again yeah
I'm obsessed but yeah I wanted to do
those things today and I don't know if
I'm actually gonna get to them because
it's super nice and everything I'm doing
right now I'm like oh my god this is the
last time part of the last time I'm
gonna you know vacuum the bedroom before
Amelia comes there
this is the last time I'm gonna clean
the toilets before a makeover this is
the last you know I'm thinking of all
the last things that I'm doing before
she comes it's really weird anyways I'm
gonna get to making these sandwiches and
I'll show you guys what they look like
when I'm done this is the final product
okay so the officers look she looks
better than mine
I put mozzarella sun-dried tomatoes and
spinach watercress and rocket salad on
top and then from mine is just the exact
same except with goat cheese underneath
so yeah I'm gonna call them now see if
he likes it Josie jokes
your lunch is ready
no cuz it's a wonderful day outside so
we have to eat okay okay I'm ready to
add deliver this baby
it's poo cleaning up time you work this
area I'll work this area we'll be back
here with a pack of pool yeah yeah yeah
the two-part process we're gonna double
you the puppies first and then when we
get back I'm gonna do these two guys
here but I think you guys know what's
going on cuz you can hear me but I'm the
figured into puppies first is coming
back
come on puppies I got my - he's over
there and hurt to have to keep them
separated because they get all tangled
up together hmm who's that who's that
 away back away back away pull yours
in oh yeah keys are getting too close
the tangling begins cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo
cuckoo cuckoo come on
we just need to tired of it first once
they get tired it sneezy Taylor
I know Thanks I got left at the worst -
yeah I do it's kind of a follower keep
you away from me
Kentucky's movies don't be a tangle
tease don't be a tangle tease tangled
ease come on Patrick come on good girl
huh
they're kind of tired now once they got
a bit tired it makes it a lot easier
initially they're just mental heads
it's like signed away sign away from
each other this weather it's so amazing
oh look at him
they're running at her system oh how
about my fingers
I've been seen are probably not
impressed right now right sitting there
like it wouldn't even take the treats
off me
let's give them a treat saying like no I
haven't any of it hey hey
if you give it up have you given up
you know he's right it's right come on
we're not leaders leaders leaders come
on maybe you're a leader okay nieces
blame dad
she's lying underwater all right
he turns it next huh Bobby you wanna go
walkies Oh me first no no no no no no
first we gotta take the inners off come
on inside everyone okay one at a time
take off your harnesses please so uh
walkies part two whoo whoo and the third
time will bring Amelia with us it's kind
of like you know the thing where you've
got the boat and you have like the chick
in the box
I know but you know you have to check
into Fox in the grain and the trick is I
think you have to bring the chicken over
and back with you so amelia is
essentially the chicken in this scenario
see Cena does not get tired ever like
ever maybe she just never gets tired so
even though this worked on the pups and
it will work on Alvie this will not work
on Cena she will still have miles to go
she's like a little firecrackers I think
she was so funny
what up kids it's a nice day I just have
to get into a routine of doing like
relays with the pups like first the pups
they're not being seen huh
because there's no way we're doing all
six dogs together it just does not work
Oh Cena's waiting for me Cena's waiting
for me you mommy I don't why but Chuck
Berry song is he stuck in my head
yeah that sounds old cuz of the turn of
a mouth that son yeah what's a cold he
no particular place to go that's it
I know why we just get stuck in my head
well the guys are supposed to be easy
it's plenty hair like my father was born
in I don't not like 1950 or something
like that and then he had me in 1980 you
think like what that sounds kind of
normal you know I was born in 1980 my
daughter will be born in 2012
it sounds like I'm a billion years old
or something
forget it I think I've been in
incubation for the healthiest centuries
or something it just sounds like that
you know she like you're from the 1900s
oh god dad
you're ancient let's be doing up there
so we ordered uh we said cause it's nice
isn't it it's okay a little book the MA
dress right and we have never had this
before
Endora you know anything about it so we
decided to be a team effort I ordered
the chicken one and I got the vegetarian
one the vegetable so have no idea I've
never had this before it's not like come
on but do it as like an experiment as a
team because you know it's like oh yeah
I want to try something new but you
never do because you're always afraid of
them what if you don't like the new
things like
No right here it is ready mr. chicken
one well lemon chicken my dress
that's but I my guys are using a box
edit or just watching the vlog and
they're gone oh my god sir don't mind
sometimes joke who says things I'm not
I'm not always a hundred percent paying
attention to what I say
oh yeah chicken and vegetarian one so
I'm pretty excited to try this hope it's
good huh yes like that no Boris is it
too hard for you guys
it's too hard give it a minute give it a
minute it'll cool then and you'll enjoy
it it smells really good doesn't it yeah
I know it smells good
that's really good tomorrow a chicken me
and fresh lemon and stuff yeah wash my
hands the rice from dr the balsamic
vinegar and the rice mm-hmm is it good
is it spicy yeah yeah awesome we don't
want to induce the baby go I have an
appointment
well we got a fetal appointment a fecal
appointment tomorrow at in the hospital
and I have an appointment at 11 o'clock
to see some some stuffs which I really
want to make so I'm like if we go into
later tonight that would be really
inconvenient for me but that sounds a
chili dinner and see where we go oh oh
he okayed her Athena
okay there's new sucks no no no I can't
it all something's wrong with me canned
yeah from what we might hear a new you
makes a distinctive beeps that won't it
won't lakish it old like it one bit No
so the smoke alarm upstairs
needed a battery and then seen it was
like terribly depressed well due to 10
billion comments that you guys
left about the possibility that seen as
ReactOS death fun the vlog and on my
videos well really we're saying it they
were like it's that's why your dogs
acting weird cuz my dogs do the exact
same when our smoke alarm is off that's
so weird
so that's crazy because I never ever
would have put two in two because we
thought coincidentally it was because of
I'll be doing that yeah yeah you know
was actually that wasn't cuz everybody
was fine I'm just a moment ago from the
hallway it just started and then she
just said yes
oh lying over there he's talked to head
up and now every time of her husband
anyway she's like no look at her she's
just sitting there off she never does
this catatonic she's not like I couldn't
leave no she's not like that at all
she's not hot in here you know you do
your own thing yeah so um I think we're
gonna go and get a battery are we gonna
go and get a battery I'd wait till
tomorrow but mommy's mommy said no not
so I need some makeup removing wipes oh
so it's not even about you seeing her
mommy's using you you're such a user the
user and a microphone to the bathroom
and shiver and Shake none of the puppies
are I'll be good I don't know about the
hopes well they're all here I know
that's I could be howling at the moon as
they do all right
we probably only got a test code oh yeah
it does suck ass but I'm eating in case
it's open this late the things we do for
love like buying it smoke alarm
batteries so I don't go okay easy
hold on I might sneeze turn it off okay
we've tried this so many times I'm just
gonna manually do it so many you guys
we've left at the bags they're you know
the enable Ireland bags which is like
you just kind of put in like close your
clothes you can put you can barter
people's clothes into optically it's
just like stuff I haven't worn and like
you know you kind of go to Phase two and
stuff and then you get bored of it most
of the stuff I haven't actually worn in
like I don't know months anyway um and
you just cut you're just kind of sitting
in the wardrobe day you know you just
think like what's the point to keep them
and then eventually you just kind of
tore them out so we're like dude a good
thing and put the same but don't ever
collected it three times my clothes
isn't good enough for them so there's am
there's a clothes bank near near where
we live so I'm gonna head on down he's
just gonna make a lodgment but you only
go for pink one or it is if Vincent no
duvets no duvet is never got any duvets
in bags please oh my God look besides
that spider okay I've never done this
before
did you pull this down
okay I've enjoyed you and I hope you
have a nicer home made not whisper oh do
you think it mean it is way past your
bedtime media you know tomorrow tonight
is the last Thursday will ever have to
ourselves Mimi's tomorrow is the last
Friday will ever have
this is the last Friday well it's the
last no your life is over like it's over
now
cherish these last moments that you have
alone with your husband like I don't
want to be alone not that I don't want
people know you know do me like we're
having a baby for a reason I'm having a
baby to put it in a corner yeah no one
puts Baby in a corner
haha all right first things first
batteries oh my god 14 arrows
oh well it's frisina whose day who's
this day you talk of what is that F&F
thing I was like what's been there for I
thought it was fired in the frown
brownie how cool do you want to get here
though I was born together like that
moons or something would you like
anything here okay
all right now that no their shoes means
any shoes they're slippery no I think
you know clearly cokie like a passionate
mother like teddy bears that's like what
I have
is this like a one-time thing only for
the hospital but he's white one size
I don't want anything much there because
a fun full net
we said dressing up
do you need pajamas do
yep pajamas too if you aren't you're
gonna have a pajama party you need
nothing but not the job
yeah it is they don't it's cute I think
it kind of matches
that cause all my stuff with me
yeah I think it's like a mean if you
just wear one or it gets rekt or
anything it doesn't really matter
geez matching socks
I like these fluffy ones skiing canele
were you expecting for yeah totally get
that maybe they match the county
you're so cute they got a little bone
and they're within this small medium but
you've got small medium feed what small
medium small to medium they're just like
really cute like in and they've got a
little grips as well
like your footwork your foot into it now
don't know which ones you put your foot
into okay what else he needs
oh look at them they look comfy Annika
pink balls they are tiny mi familia do
okay thousands
they're cozy on the inside anyway I know
the polka dots with the bow was pretty
epic but um sometimes you got to go
comfort I'm a total comfort hat that's
funny that's why I wear my goal walks
they make me look like a retired person
did you hope I look retired when I wear
I don't but I don't care they're so
comfy the Disco section in Tesco when
they're working yeah I think so now but
Sophie ran a copy guys well I had enough
for this morning what the hell is nude
I've never seen that before
oh it's gotta look it away the tea bags
are that's kind of clever actually yeah
it's free nudie I'm not really a nudist
so we did the Columbian thing I didn't
feel much of a different so I'm just
gonna go with the normal medium has
blend it's genuine never have one over
the dark or a blonde oh you should get
the blonde one
they're too cool to drink coffee now
excuse me I'm going out with a snob
 L should married you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
