I don't know I just felt like I wanted
to work on that relationship not even
for me but just so Amelia can have a
grandfather because I had grandparents
and they were they weren't deadly and I
don't know why I gotta stop crying what
is wrong with me
so no baby yet still no baby but it
actually is kind of a kind of cool
knowing that you know you're going in
for an induction date you know it's like
I love the spontaneity of it and the
water breaking it off get in the car and
time to contractions and heading to the
hospital it's like so much fun and that
could all still happen but I just found
that we were into Jeff have a purgatory
you know it was like we didn't know did
you take aim and then the two day it
went and then it was like oh sorry and
then the Midwife is even saying guys
there is only a 3% chance that people
have their baby on the G day because the
due date is there's an eight day error
of before and after because you know
they use the same calculus thingy for
everybody so everybody's eight day and a
or eight day late in Iran so on da day
we're getting the juice so bingo bango
but we might even never know no she did
set up now that the induction is being
booked in you know and you take your
mind off it you might find that you'll
just sort of it the labor you know cuz
you're not like thinking about it
cuz every day since then since the
actual G day we've been like is this it
like whoa what's supposed to happen now
you know cuz it's your first baby like
I'm gonna clue I don't made a baby
before
I'm new addition out of at least I don't
think I have o so I just got this tweet
not tweet I got this form spring it's
actually not a question that's just a
message but I thought it was so cute and
so sweet and I just wanted to share it
with you guys
she said it's from Sally Brooke 26 and
she said I had my daughter in 2010 and
decided to leave my boring office job to
look after her at home which I love but
I'm just about to start training as a
professional makeup artist thanks to
watching you thank you so much for
inspiring me to follow my dreams I don't
know if that was so cool like I don't
know I just thought that was really
really cool so if your name is Sally
Brooke I don't know if that's just a
screen name cuz
and good luck on your journey because
that is really really awesome oh my
goodness remember this place when you're
here while ago guys and they've taken n
even more of the trees hope they're not
taking all the trees down cuz it's
really nice around here some pretties
fake lights hate fake lights
theoria you always feel like they're not
real lights why are we all waiting here
for fake lights it is so amazing isn't
it the winner it's so weird I called it
you did call actually an Indian summer
summer she called it guys I'd say you
should work for the met/met services
look at all the beautiful trees and
maybe they're only taking one layer away
because maybe it's too they were falling
too far or something
look we're like Americans driving on
this side
we're going back to be in your teens
sorry about that it's so beautiful up
here
a bit of situational petroleum is the no
liam and we are up the mountains oh my
god imagine I have contractions I was
running in a petrol up here on the man's
inside oh hey June guys this is it this
is going to be the video oh my god we're
gonna win it any youtubers give Burke on
side of mountain but they have no Wi-Fi
so they can't upload footage Matt's
right erupts oh I thought I had to drive
off the edge oh my god that is
incredible view isn't it
and it's just like the Bay of Naples
that's it reminds me of slightly
slightly tweaked the bay of cork
that's what she named this area sir cork
Oh down the winding road we go my mom√≠s
Tyler's up to her car cars II oh my god
it's so hot today
and then it's the heat is incredible
this is the best summer we've ever had
just happens to be in September
that's the airport thank you is it
subway up there
yeah we're wearing the airport
if it actually in the airport or is it
in the business part alright let's let's
go and check it out looking for
somewhere different for lunch today you
know for did the same ol same ol there
is a smell coming from somewhere and it
is godlike it is like it started off
NICUs then turn into rhubarb crumble now
it's getting more country-ish the old
country air comes here I go on it's
guard gain and there's this business
parking here I see I don't know I just I
think it might be the next one
I don't know if there'll be a sign for
it there's just two parts but I think
that's I don't know if it's actually in
the terminal or it would
see this one here I think I might be in
this one here I don't know I have a
feeling
look cafe chuffing mooncalf hey wait
cafe what it is like they are really not
circles on
okay going round around the back round
and round or how about going round
around about and round and round around
the back good afternoon were walking out
port so I guys we are heading away on a
holiday
haha I'm pretty sure amelia is not
coming for quite some time so uh oh no
wait wait what are you doing car what
are you doing car no car
the cars that no mr. Joffe at so why am
i bad oh yeah mr. Joe skins Oh or a park
in
we party embarking good
Keijo keys it's kind of tell me to get
out way but I feel like I should go this
way oh yeah nothing there okay um
didn't we type on to the runway by
mistake or something I think we might
have keeps I think is keep sketch for
keep sketch for airplanes look at that
view that's cool
beep beep oh my god they did we do that
we leave the orange peel in the middle
of the road like it sits at our prank
break 50 over ok let's try this again we
want to go into park in you don't want
to drive through parking I think that's
where we made our mistake can we pop oh
there we go let's go I'm sorry
she can't look for fleas in Ireland
ask her ask her or something Laska why
let's go in here look on our first
person she scheduled a visit
you're fired but you you you're fired
anyone else anyone else this convenience
store catering air park oh look at this
well this looks nice isn't it
that's clay pot which is kind of stupid
darn it
that's rough oh man I get its view
though neckla
zoomy zoomy to you guys
all right here we go
London Reverend Brendan Brendan around
around about the time I think he didn't
get around at once look horses horsies
oh you can't eat horses alright we
failed
back to the car we go dig that trucks
gonna get out of my way or do you think
it'll all work out did it we figured it
out yeah we figured it out guys it's
okay
we are we rock paper scissors with
Surrey and eventually she told us Siri
sorry
xxx Suri Cruise it's kind of Siri Siri
cruise control is like Suri Cruise
it is candy frosty or hospital area with
the smell again
yeah alright let's get some parking is
it one year an hour okay huh
because I found potatoes in there yeah
there's no way we gotta get our please
Thanks
payment receipts screen picture
boom-booms again I don't know once you
get out you got some son missing right
that's what I got
there was it was a fajita Oh flip it
over
no no you're on the right side when I
get the cajun chicken warm chicken
marinated in Cajun cherry tomatoes
tomato yeah I think that's what I got
but I think I'm gonna go with a spatula
sounds pretty special
got a new cardigan you love it
where'd you get it Rylan buy everything
like I'm hope it's nice girl oh you
it what do you do in your pocket
mom we should go so I'm going to the
Italian chop - Pasquale's honey job
which is actually called the boot
specialties if you want to look it up
because I always call it the Italian
chop and then I forget that that's not
really promoting new business at all
goods not even then their actual name is
got food specialties so now they're on
Facebook I think as well
so we're going there I'm going with my
mom and we're going to get javis his
tuna because he really wants that and
see if we can pick up some other stuff
because I wanted to do some special kind
of video from my diet video on
Wednesdays munsi style diet and I kind
of wanted to do something different so
anyway actually my lifestyle that I came
up with this idea so I can give a better
to her so we're on our way now which is
funny because we were actually kind of
just in the area last time I was like
there's the sign for it what you got see
actually there if you live in Cork it's
near the airport it's tough sometimes in
life when you find yourself trying to
make you know really big really big
decisions and you don't have like
somebody you know like a mentor in your
life like somebody like I've been I've
gone through this a couple of times and
sat on my business and you know making
kind of like grown-up decisions and I
haven't had a mentor and then today I'm
having a really big decision and we've
been going through some stuff for the
last few weeks I'm trying to organize
something and it's like it's really hard
you know she's like I don't know like I
feel like it's the right decision but
then I feel like it's a wrong decision
and I know I'm being all cryptic and I
can't really tell you guys what I'm
talking about right now but in a couple
of weeks you'll all know anyway so but
just just wait a couple of weeks just
just be there for me right now as a
friend
sweet section here white white chocolate
so much and these are boshy Mike Italian
chocolate
why don't you go get some healthy stuff
as well
so I think I'm gonna stock up on some
path stuff oh they're the ones my mom
made with patina
they're actually nice some of the what
you made yeah because Jonathan like this
okay pick the tuna which is over here
I see this time now I said you know what
to be honest I would have I would have
made a particular decision a while ago a
couple of months ago even you know even
they even eight months into this
pregnancy I would I made a decision but
now I feel a lot like I'm gonna have a
baby punchy today which is kind of hard
to say I'm gonna have a baby and cheese
day because I had a baby any time
between now but I am definitely getting
a baby on Tuesday
I may get a baby before then but on
Tuesday I'm getting a baby and he sounds
crazy when I say that but it's like I'm
starting to you know when I was having a
conversation you know we were all right
it was a couple of us there you know
talking about this stuff and and I found
myself thinking like I've had a million
about you know I China and I was just
like oh my god I think I was I was
talking to my dad you know which is
really cool because I went to like I
suppose the last kind of maybe year
nearly two years just being a bit of
tension between - oh but have always had
Twitter whole life had different reasons
for attention and stuff but then I
noticed our last like two years or so
and dude the contact is getting minimal
a minimum a minimum you know in here the
sixties now and my 30s and I just felt
like went for a media say cuz like you
know I don't just have I'm a dad so
Amelia doesn't have a grandfather but
she has my dad but then he's not liking
our lives and then I don't know when I
start talking about this stuff but I'm I
don't know I just felt like I wanted to
work on our relationship not even for me
but just so Amelia can have a
grandfather because I had grandparents
and they were they were deadly and I
don't know why was I gonna start crying
what is wrong with me oh my god I'm
gonna second wondering
some labor and juicing sauce like this
one right here maybe I will okay
anyway so it doesn't make a difference
and then I found these which are spinach
green I'll be calm Oh small for like for
an hour because and they have these this
is what fancy people drink you know this
fancy Sun Pellegrino good yeah I don't
know I don't mean juice
look I want to show you something
it's really not says who can maybe it's
like I was gonna get them for that
reason fun I'm not it would be cute if
they actually want amazing
now I've want you to try them before is
it healthy more baby food oh my god that
funny
okay we're good so I am did you know
what brothers tell me this story
yesterday and I actually started how am
I experienced hormonal emotions I don't
understand but I better is telling me
that everything I can feel it I can feel
it in me here every night before he goes
to bed he has this woody toy and he
hides it in the kitchen somewhere not
like really cryptically hides it but
like hangs up a wing artist like four
out of a drawer or like on a chair
somewhere and he's starting comes and
every morning and like looks around for
like where's woody you know it's like
the game he plays every morning and then
he finds woody you know and he runs up
to Sammy's like Oh dad that if that
woody and I was just like oh my god like
that is like the most amazing thing I've
ever heard in my life and I don't know
just brought me back to being a child
and remembering when you know things
like that are the most important thing
like what is it what is your favorite
memory as a kid it's probably not toys
and things it's just a moment a moment
like that something you used to do with
your parents that just is just it just
becomes part of you as a grownup you
know that's and I just feel like I want
to do that stuff Amelia I don't even
know where I'm going with this
conversation cuz I was trying to add
something else and then I jumped over to
here and then oh yes my dad said to me
he was like he could just tell by like
what we were talking about and he could
like I was like I always saying it was
like I don't feel any different like I
don't feel anything is changed and he
was like yeah but I can tell you how
even and how you're talking about these
things even in here you're expressing
your things and what you want and where
you want to be and what you want to do
and everything is like different you
know and I was like I didn't even notice
I didn't even notice that I had changed
but I have and it's like it sneaks up on
you it sneaks up again I'm really
excited I am really really excited to
have a little girl a little baby of my
own
this is my okay okay because I'm sorry
they're so crazy
I just excited we're just excited oh my
god they just slammed into see now when
she was trying to poop okay
if you're gonna do a food haul on this
salad I at which you guys probably have
already see you I watch my channel says
days prior to this so we've got some
really good stuff
hey hey yes oh my was here what you had
to go home I think I need a snack
it should be some sort of a rule in
society where if you if your neighbor is
having a barbecue they should come round
and offer you something because it
smells amazing and I'm sitting here many
hours have passed since I said I would
cook dinner
hey just about to hook up dinner and I
was like looking up stuff and we
searching and talking to people on phone
and making business deals and all the
things like that
and all those kind of things and then
two hours it passed
he is tweeting me is like I'm shotgun up
the chicken
you know there's no me praise newbies
newbies in the laundry basket
no wait nice thanks reason to be so
nervous getting jealous I'm going to
movies you want to come out look she's
kind of shivering up to me that's me fly
come out look today's
that was tio actually oh I know et Korea
today who's that
he was that scene of a I want to be next
that's what are you doing Bianca if
anyone's gonna drop out she like doesn't
care
no she's although the new visas like
shivering and shaking like oh my god
you're gonna jump out aren't you
not the worst lately crotch ever really
yeah okay while you're cooking I'm gonna
go clean okay do it I understand that
you have it folks the same things
hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the crazy kitchen of GOP take it away
dopey wait a second I am trophy and I
appear to be burning the chicken
I feel like Oh what that guys having
ticket that's cool they I haven't no
microphone now you cannot give me then
usually I have my microphone on yes I
put it the veg the pause in if you want
to grow up to be big and thought my
trophy pay attention
your must eat your vegetables
mas mystics absolutely gorge but you
know what I just realized I never made
the right decisions boys device because
that to jofi appear death to jofi which
one we go my guys balsamic um easy bag
opening for by ten hey wait a second
this might save me bring a large amount
of water ten minutes
i prepared I taste defeat yes I do you
guys think okay let's bring this
engineer ivory tooth these in whilst
blogging whilst holding impossible let's
bring in in hello the table for who are
the dark you keep them dead you all
right there you go have a tasty time and
thank you again for coming goodbye now
with that
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
