I decided that this table right here is
where we did the gender reveal so I
figure right here is the appropriate
place tell you guys
Amelia is booked in for a birthday
good morning still no baby this is
ridiculous I'm sending her a late note
this is ridiculous
- what - I had to do it and I was like
okay every day I'm gonna go - one - two
- three - four and see how many days
that we get mine is 10 is induction day
so we do not want to go to 10 days to
get to my pot I need to get to my pot
months back
we're on an international broadcaster
rt√© that's gonna show again it's at
this time at least you know it's a good
studio it's like a phone in like that
handy yes you want to go into the studio
but that's kind of cool
she's super early for radio shows you
know and it's like Internet people
we don't have to get up so I hate to be
on an Internet that's why I chose the
Internet job coupon ting I don't like
saying use the microwave to make the
water but I don't know I've never eaten
water in a microwave in my entire
existence so start now I'm happy enough
to just boil the water on the pot you
know then using it just just to me using
sand right I know if you do it that's
perfectly fine you're saying to me just
I don't know I've never done it and the
pot is takes an extra few minutes
so buddy - producer of the show where
Mexico Island he just rang he's like
he's like um the guy the guest on we
have after you is this comedian called
Dom Joly and then we notice your name
we're like is your name Charlie or Jolie
are you do you guys know you're late
that's like no totally different guy
my name is pronounced like Angelina
Jolie and his name is jolly even though
it's spell he spells name Jo ly and we
spelled her name Jo ly but the
preservation of our name is Shirley
which is like like pretty petite you
know Jolie so that's our name it blends
but I just I was pointing out Saigon I'm
Charlie so funny huh right well it's one
thing filming yourselves going shopping
and out and about but you are now about
to film the birth of your baby you do
not have any doubts about that at all I
think you know initially to it you know
when we an answer we were pregnant like
nine months ago which our G day was
yesterday no we're still waiting raw
eggs packed ready to go there were like
come on during the wedding you're doing
a puzzle and it's like yeah that's fine
it's my life my decision you know and
you you start to think of a different
extract well this little person that
were were you know facing these episodes
on right now and he's gonna be the focal
point of this you know they're gonna be
a person in years to come and you're
always like I want to make sure that
she's not gonna look back in this and be
like mom and dad such an embarrassment
you know I just don't even think about
it anymore I know it probably sounds
strange to other people that we share
our lives with so many viewers but to me
it's just it's normal so I just didn't
even think about it it's in there this
is your first baby yes and do you know
if your did you say you're having a boy
or a girl a girl a girl so I mean what
happens if there are any complications
with the delivery well we've talked
about it with our OB and also at the
hospital so they kind of they know
exactly what we what we're doing and we
kind of know what we can and can't film
so it's not like we're gonna have a big
film crew or you know set up there it's
just the two of us with the camera it's
not like it's very intimate so I'm not
too worried about it obviously hopefully
everything will go to plan but Jonathan
has said you know at the end of the day
what's more important is our safety and
that kind of things though that will
come first but hopefully it'll all go to
plan so I'm just going to see hair
dressers and I'm super late oh hi
yeah you're in my closet I'm so late
because I wanted to film my video
because we're so busy today we have like
a million things to do so I thought my
video and now it's like 10 o'clock and
my appointment is that 10 yeah
super late but um I live really close we
live really close so it's it's gonna
take me like literally two minutes to
get there so I'll probably be like 2
minutes late
do I have everything I need money I need
a cardigan Lamonica thank you yes I just
need a cardigan I gave you the card or
use the eken it seems like a nice day
for a membrane sweep you better be
having the baby tonight lads you look
fabulous
smashing beautiful bellissimo bellissimo
are not did you guys get too excited
come on outside that's like that's not a
lovely son from this television show in
Ireland and they were like oh can we use
that they were talking about birth or
pregnancy or something like that it's
called midday it's kind of like am what
you call that you own America what we go
over is honor the view it's like a panel
of women and that was that so I am
research a speech I use a square footage
shows up trust me buddy but I never
asked him what he's gonna use it for
anyway if I get the footage I'll slip it
in here so you guys can watch it a
couple are taking the miracle of
childbirth is step further and plan on
broadcasting it on the Internet now
there's some things I think you should
see and some things you shouldn't and I
don't want to see I wouldn't even want
to see myself giving birth never mind I
mean that's it you know this is taking
you know showing your knickers I new
level you know why does everyone these
days have to show the next everybody
like you know that there's nothing
private or intimate or anything anymore
you know these people are gas leak from
what I can say like only Julie they
actually have a little reality TV thing
going on on what apart from the fact
that they're actually making it
like who are these people who were
actually watching it shooing therapist
no he says he's gonna edit it but you
know how much of it can the edge it like
you know unless he edits it to actually
show her walking in and then producing
the baby there's not an event in going
on as far as i concerned for a couple of
days now
don't jinx it because everybody's done
like a school it's kind of cruel it's
true you know what's a bit cloudy and
stuff like that that's that's pretty
good going like it
it's so nice your hair it's a pretty
you're so pretty what you do I
understand walking up the stairs can be
can be hard did you actually lose
hearing in your air while you were doing
that that usually happens when taking
off and landing in an aeroplane but yeah
you say you took out all the great no I
explained to him that sometimes it looks
kind of like because like I think that's
kind of cool though mmm they go really
ashy blonde and I explained to him that
sometimes it kind of almost looks great
he was like well you know you don't have
to put another ashy shade it plugged
into that like you can always go warm
even if it's like a cool troubling layer
the warm tone on top so I was like okay
I know so you can probably tell that he
put in a kind of caramel yeah yeah yeah
yeah you can see him between the lines I
think it's good okay no you can see the
bits here yeah that's the board that's
where it was like lighter against he
went brown or whatever blood did you cut
it off yeah did you get the burn pit
dead yeah did you tell him that the
birth dates but he put layers in Twitter
as well so it's a lot later cuz my hair
is really thick and yeah she took a good
bit off because remember it was like but
love my way below my boobs oh yeah it's
a cute but that much I think yeah and
you
see you in the back that probably makes
it go nicer YouTube is probably like you
could say the future in a sense you know
the idea like there's a massive
migration of people like not know I like
I know for myself you know I don't watch
television much i watch a lot of like
online television yeah you know but I
don't watch so much traditional media
and we a lot of people watch our show
it's on at 6:00 p.m. every single day
it's about 20 to 30 minutes long and if
you guys like a normal show it's free
and you just watch it I know a lot of
you get a lot of negative feedback with
this where they miss understanding you
know even today on TV tree on the midday
show you know they were tearing us apart
saying it's cheaper what we do and you
know I accept that you know I accept
that people don't know necessarily
understand what we do you know it's a
given futurism it is a bit forward and
it's a bit out there but so with
television like 100 years ago people
thought that was crazy and though is
there anything you draw the line at you
go look at stop filming I don't want
this up there this isn't happening
I think we've always been a certain way
about how we film stuff like we don't
you know we don't ever go to private or
to intimate but it's something that we
just kind of decided in the beginning
you know we'll never it's not like Big
Brother you know it's not like access
all areas to the house or anything like
that but we just leave understanding
Jonathan and I understand each other
really really well so we always kind of
had a neutral understanding of what is
okay and what isn't okay and it's never
really ever been an issue I never you
know I always know that Jonathan has my
back and vice versa so I it's not
something I worry about honestly and
because we don't have like somebody else
editing our footage it's all done by us
alone okay we have whirring controls a
lot of people texting into five 105 to
right now and saying so you can actually
make decent coin from this question mark
interesting says make you can make coins
and notes so how does that work can you
explain that part or no oh there's a lot
of non-disclosure sort of stuff in there
like you know how the internet
essentially it famous television you
know you we are our own independent
television we're independent or to eat
okay so we do it our way but we monetize
with advertising like anybody else does
and we get a shared revenue
that's okay in order to make it interest
you know you gotta remember I did a year
and a half working a full-time job while
doing this full-time
yeah in order to earn this and out of
them in a year 24 hours a day six is a
week no days off no time off it it it is
a hard job
not so much fun not so much fun what you
do
did you forget the baby
hello Hospitality Hospital are we going
in there tonight do you think they have
a baby oh my goodness I'm actually kind
of moved by our OB I'm slightly moves
like okay I love my OB dr. Evert so he
did guys he's signed a release form to
state that he and his team are like are
allowed to beyond the vlogs
you know when delivering a baby and
everything and I was like oh my god such
a nice guy right I don't really know
like we didn't really know them that
well because we join
I later so we only really got the first
time we met him was at June and you know
when you don't really know somebody and
you don't really know what their life is
a person or anything
and you kind of don't when you get a
chance to build up that like
doctor-patient relationship that you
would have usually would say like your
GP or something but he's so nice like I
just and not only him like the Midwife
as well like he has been like they're
just such nice people and I honestly I
almost felt like it was mr. Frank
maybe it's like yeah baby it's like the
pregnancy hormones or something but she
was being so nice to me and she told me
that she really she couldn't wait to see
a media and stuff and it just meant so
much to me because
I don't know it's just it's so simple
it's like if people are nice to you
it just it means a lot because that's
how I try to live my life nuts I think
how you try you out was nice to
everybody because you never know like
you might you might not even realize but
it could make somebody's day and it
genuinely made my day like the way we
were treated just now it was just
amazing because we just want to be
treated like everybody else and
sometimes I think I don't know I think
like mainstream media and so they kind
of scramble things up where they don't
really understand and then it's YouTube
real people
yeah and they think that we're like
wannabe reality stars or something that
is like not our concern at all like that
is not we don't think we're celebrities
anybody whose medicine real life knows
this but like we're not celebrities or
just normal people and so I just wanted
to be treated like a normal person like
I don't want any special treatment at
all
and then it's just like you know
sometimes their media stuff they say
it's kind of mean and stuff and then
you're like I don't know why they would
say that because they don't really know
me as a person and when people in your
everyday life are just so genuinely nice
I'm just like yeah like that just makes
my day
there's no channel yeah I hope I didn't
do that for somebody else because I know
how that made me feel it just makes so
much difference I don't know
I guess let me know what I'm saying
are you guys excited for a bit of
information I decided that this table
right here is where we did a gender
reveal so I figure right here is the
appropriate place tell you guys
Amelia's booked in for a birthday are we
excited yeah I'm so excited because I'm
like even though she may come before her
birthday yeah I'm still excited to like
maybe she you know if she comes in that
day it's like when he really doesn't
think she will know he thinks you're
gonna go for all the way to that day no
you know you did the exam yeah and it
was and it was fine simple yeah so if
anybody's nervous about it it's really
it's nothing
the anticipation is that we even said
he's like I probably shouldn't have told
you last week yeah I know he just made
everything I got like a blanket and
everything and it was fine
but it is not like after it was done us
like it did do it again you ready
drumroll this is if we get a gist her
birthday will be is it zero nine lucky
American Way well the Eyres will be 11 9
yeah September 11 2012
immediately born are you guys excited
it's like oh my god next Monday next
Monday next one day did you say yeah oh
my god this means when this video goes
up which is Wednesday for you disguises
on Wednesday this video will be the
labor and delivery of Amelia how does
that make you feel
the best friend best friend sleep I'm
just reading a comments on the vlog and
noticed this crazy guy here what's up
family what's up what's up wait them
what you photos for your blog you're
such a product pusher oh my god okay
sorry nice okay so oh okay
oh god what happens spider in the
kitchen that sounds like a job for
spider on it
where's the spider careful Vicky where
is it where is it oh my god oh my god oh
my god is that a trench left oh my god
don't do it run pass run run Oh we touch
it make it run get the vacuum
did you like you but it'll probably lay
eggs in the vacuum cleaner the back you
vacuum where is it
I think the side passage what are you
leaving me a thing oh wait where's the
spider guy did you see it ninis no no
seriously look at it I've never seen a
spider that big an artist in my room in
my hair in your room in your hair
oh my goodness
pronto con gusto ella ella ella MIT pons
oh my god thank what about it huh Oh
baby I'm very excited are you excited
yeah I didn't know you can do that her
yeah I never even thought of putting
down with something I thought you just
ended up in it's actually a clever idea
you could put two of them in a pot with
pasta you'd like that woman yeah I'd
like that
snap it oh my God look at Ricky's his
pencil case I know you think it that's a
shoe
ain't no shoe is a converse is it made
by converse fakers
how come this lady's color pencil case
what's in here I mean you get a cheap
one now what is this it's just us
that's crap this is the cool are you
lying you like the coolest person is
good with this do you know what's cool
Oh if your shoe ever gets wet from rain
you can always just pop that on
seriously
problems out it's a solve a problem over
that's awesome if you need me to see
your homework just let me know so Anna
has a bowl of nice tasty ice cream I
have an entire box of Milk Tray oh yeah
an entire box all to me smells what's
where's all the seats done what the hell
are these all the ones you don't like is
that the game
my strawberries good honey I got
impervious one Chris okay I'm gonna go
with the horrible one first because
that's how you work and you work with
your vessel oh hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
