you've been served
what are you a bright and airy because
I'm going on take half man if you did
listen I tweeted at ed if you don't
follow me on Twitter it's not my fault
don't blame me you gonna call me about
eight minutes if they're on time which
they probably are and it is Monday the
3rd of September where's my baby that's
one question where is my baby
oh there yeah yeah I'm doing it I'll get
you the whole day good man you remember
just on the words you need now is
breathe and push and if I've ever
learned anything from television that's
all you need to deliver a baby and oh
and some towels and hot water at it or
even for a Raymond for a Paul Street
elevator in the carpark there they'll be
a nice spot that would be good nice nice
clean elevators that they are that would
be a good hygienic spot to deliver a
baby I forget we'll definitely get a bed
to be no problems with the cutbacks and
all yeah elevator gone red yeah
absolutely and you know what you could
get some of the emo kids to help out
that are constantly hanging around
outside the place they could come in and
help out as well you know the Choi could
be wrapped in a Nirvana t-shirt there we
go
perfect so listen like are you filming
this or like how's it gonna work from
from the online point of view and how
how explicit it can't use it we see them
the hospital management like an hour up
situation like they all know about it
they know where's even like so you know
we know what we can and cannot fill them
if this is like am absolutely going to
percent normal natural birth will get
most of it you know if there's any
complications you know obviously Anna
and my baby are more important to me
oh geez hon come on see what the you
guys stay there for a minute I know
you're gonna just go crazy to watch yeah
huh what thank you Hey Hey
lavanway Shh my name is
some wondered back then they all start
packing my god is so sunny I'm like
walking around half-naked
Niki's that's cuz I got a hot body
oh yeah that's what happened can you do
two Joffe work at 30 days 31 days
oh we're still going but I am I've given
up beneath I'm just going to wear
earbuds it's best way it is time you've
been served
it's a mission notice good thank you
that I made it isn't it cool thing it
says tendinous net surf notice they have
already or soon already have extenders
day originally agree to 10 MS exeter
premises or we meet you to forcefully
removed oh my god isn't it so cool oh
this all day all day long you've been
served
it's time to do two sad forty week prego
Virago sad faces mean you didn't want no
one wanted to do this oh my we actually
what if you just don't do it you just
don't do it then there's no record of us
doing it or he was pregnancy blood no
way Jose in seven days to the next one
come on Amelia don't let us down don't
let us down like this you want to be
your own TV when it all those scene it
was a couple of days late so maybe she's
taking that maybe she's taking that
advice Cena what today - oh yeah we
decided am i media will not speak like
Cena okay
I mean it's gonna speak like Alvey be
like hi mom how are you that's the
baby's dad
Oh God Oh God
um nice where did you are you all put it
roll from Oh God
oh my god what hell did you do this from
oh my god oh my god
okay okay okay that's more of it
what hell did you get all this from huh
you got you know he probably had the
best time of your life flipping out
apart
did you mm-hmm pick this I've told her
time and time again just give up just
stop
she's obsessed with cleaning like every
day all day long
I find go downstairs and she's vacuuming
oh she's dusting or at the moment looks
gonna clean up ooh what do you expect it
and no matter how many times I tell her
not to do it she's just sitting there
clean it in the garden she's so funny
did we not have a discussion about you
taking it easy today
thanks so much news not finish no basil
basil what Oh
these water yeah it's gone droopy and
happens look at him end of it I noticed
some little insects on so you have to
always wash them oh yeah those exact I
don't I don't put in them what are they
order to like my psycho tights and so I
don't like I just wash them every time
I noticed it must have been supersonic
no took all the water offers yeah my
crazy and look at the size that you guys
went when I bought that you guys more
and I started this whole little
plantation off and look all you've done
now whoa oh thanks Oh Yankee your
character see the rules about Oh No
Oh be the Roosevelt there's a song for
everyone same I'll be coxey's little
Africa sees we saw no one loads of times
these are rose about Bianca Navy Navy ah
Bianca's alright Cena sucks but see I
know because I live in me yeah we're a
new man a new you never got us all right
I know when you need a sound for newbies
in the bear your watch was a puppy call
volha think it's more like meat songs
for them hmm I have one for naved
laveyan lb g day I am so I am G okay oh
yeah baby so much
get away free fella oh jeez oh yeah what
I don't I don't speak doggy and shall
not speak to target language could you
please translate that don't you can't
you all right I'll be go for it go for
it I'll protect you I'll protect you
Michael's smuggle time in Tibet Cena lb
Robbie head one extra okay my nose my
neck my in the house here we go
the house scope let's go x-ray look guys
you're like proper Corona ups like we
got a club card but look what it says
I don't know if these numbers mean
anything but as party color luck mr. J
ciccone Jolie oh yeah exactly how our
car was supposed to be yeah from the
bank you are supposed to get out this
week this week we're supposed to film
it's not cool we're like grown-ups now
if you got a club card I do have a club
card actually chink I just I'll just
swipe it you you can look after though
I'm not responsible and left a whole
lotta new kind of things here a little
baby one yeah actually John this is
probably yeah this is the one we'll
probably use because let's forget the
bingo convenient I have one and then I
have this and then we you have a baby
one oh wait hold up I was looking at my
watch to expect out if you were asking
they're like what app what's the after
you're always talking about your
pregnancy app I have to initially I got
the bump this was way before we even got
pregnant it was like
because we started trying or whatever
you know just we decided we wanted to
have a baby in some sorry just opera
memory I was like the month after we got
might so like October and that's when I
downloaded the bump map because I had
had to not which is the same it's like
the Seder where they went out whatever
and yeah so I had the knot and I loved
that one because it was like a forum
like where you could read other people's
stories and stuff and like chat to
people so had the not and then you
automatically transfer over to the bump
and and that stick thing so I got the
bum I loved it before I got pregnant but
for some reason ever since we got
pregnant I wave preferred want to expect
app so that's the one that I use the
most because the bump is okay but on
what to expect you can go to your like
own due date like forum or thread and
like so I'm you know the September mom's
that's like my group or whatever and
it's just really cool because you all of
you are at the same kind of level you
know of pregnancy so anyways I log into
my want to expect things and first of
all they give you something really cute
like today's the day
and um but then when I actually went to
the actual website it was telling me
that I had a newborn and I was like what
I was so offended
I know it's obviously it's a machine
like it's a computer it's not like a
person and they're not they're going
like hi Hannah how are you
Hersh didn't have your baby yet you know
but it's like a machine is like okay so
how to deal with like pooping and
cleaning and changing nappies and like
all this stuff I'm like I don't have a
new point when you're talking about I
was doing practice but it just makes you
feel like such a failure or something
and then it's like everything's changed
like the pregnancy stuff is all gone
well you can go and look for it cuz it
actually stays there's like a forty one
week a little like update and then
there's a forty two week one as well but
they actually just transfer you over
straightaway and then oh yeah and then
on the bump it was the same thing it was
like everything was but new points and
it said today is your baby's birthday it
was like no it's not
I didn't tell you it was so annoyed I
was like why are these machines telling
me that these computers are telling me
that I have a baby and I don't so made
me feel like such a failure I was like
oh my god I'm never going on those APS's
again so anyways I just feel like not
like not disappointed but it's just the
build-up to this date and then like
nothing happened and I was just like oh
my god I'm so like I can't believe
nothing happened like where's where's my
baby
I don't worry Vail or anything but you
kind of feel like everybody else is gone
everyone's left
they've everyone else's picked the team
picked in your left waiting for your ass
or something I'm a lot of the September
moms like on my in my group have had
their babies already and like Umberto
remember I like around 3738 do have
people on the farm starting to pop yeah
people went really early and it makes
you because you're seeing all these like
and then
Spence you know and obviously there's
tons of people that are still waiting
and they're still in the same position
as me
plus there's all the people that I do
like September 30th and stuff like you
know think of those people but it just
feels like everyone else had their baby
and I'm like left behind if I know it's
like it's like a big bag of popcorn and
you know some people pop early and then
someone in populate her and some people
popping this you know like it's up
that's really good a group of pregnant
women all popping yeah
so it's I don't know it's so weird I
didn't think that it would be like this
I can't even explain it's just like you
feel like so I don't know like you
failed or some babies like in their
pregnancy bug today you were just like
you I reckon kami you're just asleep in
the bed like I'm not doing it
yeah nope I was like this is supposed to
be a meet and merely a vlog I don't want
it to be a pregnancy vlog I'm gonna feel
so much worse though if we get to next
Monday I will just feel like oh my god
you'll probably won't even see me
anymore I'll just be like a shadow with
it we're didn't wait we're just
pretending I know I'm trying to induce
you like but it's pretend it never
happened like no we're not pregnant
wait yeah she no does this thing in
Tesco to give your water's break while
in Tesco you get free you know Tesco do
too I looked at okay so coming to Tesco
on your Jew days might have a huge
advantage we could get free Tesco for
life nappies nappies nappies
I want the jumbo box you know I just
always want the jumbo box is there any
way we go through one of the active fit
or jumbo boxes burners get another
packet Smalley's well it's ten a day so
we need to treat is the hospital covered
right you can't thirty in the bag so
then when we get home we should probably
have a store your irons door three get
Raheen oh no yo yang Oh hurry maybe it's
one two three four oh it is like yeah
how many to get 25 oh that's like two
days because we're probably gonna mess
up a couple at the start we have to take
into account okay well I will probably
mess up here and then I'll probably want
to try on some myself you know see how
they make me feel that I might realize
that going to the toilet so overrated
just went appease saved you the trip
well my favorite is the grapes anyway
yeah they're a six seven seven oh nice
nice job
just get the best at a bunch just get
one pack maybe
and you see this seam all right actually
ha
bingo mmm Oh Tiaras bingo bingo was his
name-o which one
different kind of mozzarella yeah this
is the mozzarella area
oh they're huge
and
ah bingo this time we're going to make
it that was the only casualty of last
week shopping we shall probably the only
thing we lost with the turkey mince we
almost have this guys we're almost ready
for a baby because we can shop for a
week
successfully yogurt Oz soy milk and
yogurt check all these these ones like
large ones but I don't see the benefit
in the larger circumference thing is a
competence of these moves aroma I think
they're nicer than the old El Paso and
then
nachos bags and bags of nachos and
cheddar cheese
oh are you laughs you better break your
water lightning contractions all right
somebody's walking you like you're
walking rollin than something like oh
god yeah would you like those ones pick
us up some neutrals ketosis a pasar
Tanah are they soft are they hard I see
like the soft ones who look is OD bar
toffee Gasper
pretty epic anyway biscuit brakes just
in wrong ones
oh and it's in red russell's is Savannah
kettles also looks nice and shiny
what do you think yeah it's not red
though what do you want to learn they'll
try and go somewhere else this one
what's the security protecting us Murphy
and riches Britta cattle no no I just
trying to just go somewhere different
lengths to get it or you want to get one
oh oh yeah
popcorn which I think this is the best
one to one each let's go
mm-hmm Linda McCartney specials please
Oh
Vargas and leaked art but this sound
pretty darn tasty does she make a pie
hmm hey where's there's Lucky's Oh
thought they weren't there
thank you very much ladies make cookies
okay this is a big shop
all the big industrial sized thing mmm
audience it at the parent bathroom get
you some solid five-year-olds you have
mini now
okay all right time to offload all the
goodness load the goodness and then get
the bad news oh we did and the next
process on the journey
Oh God Troy the keys away okay well this
is a prepaid bag which is hundy all
right here I'll do the other I mean
these on strict orders to take it easy
and the final process drop back to
Charlie walk back to the car and we are
done zeroes then zeroes we did it nice
high five Oh high five oh yeah teamwork
being made is cool guys whoo octa better
chip take the puppies with you
they wishes wish she washes she wishes
they don't understand why she watches
tonight we make the Thai curry good e'en
false this is nothing I can tie I've
never made this before I eat it all the
time
I love it using the finest free-range
breast to chickens a pepper for fun and
we're putting it with them noodle whole
wheat noodles just in case we had fun we
have whole wheat noodles and my
assistant here is feeding the catering
staff these are all the servants for
tonight
all right let's check up the fires of
more
I love this tickets I don't know it's
like it's plasticy but at the same time
it's like non-bending oh my goodness geo
house is good for a good one Oh a wallet
on the backside
howdy howdy conviction that's Lynchburg
oh god oh god and then II forgot I
sometimes get distracted by the smaller
things in life forget about bigger
things I'm like thankfully I have no
life
you know incoming big responsibilities
how do you like to cook your peppers I
like the strip cook my peppers like this
so they're like the long strip II or do
you like to like chop them up into big
like chunks I don't know I don't know I
just I like them when they're like
strips so when you get them it's like
they're already liking long strips long
shout room no I'm sorry very shadowy let
me see some for the lighting column in
here so yummy on the UM fresh peas
peppers and golden brown chicken this is
coming out lovely this is fantastic
okay are you feeling hungry you could
just go make this you could pretty much
just go make this glass actually go make
this and then tweet me a picture of it
and I will say congratulations I've
never made this before a thai-inspired
creamy hot green curry Oh does it give
you like advice or something advice and
he goes oh it's been diced chicken
stir-fry until me is sealed and brown
pour over the jar and simmer for 10
minutes
kg/hr piping hot ok substitute
trichicken for cleaning problems no no
my chickens okay you guys ready first
time first first time joke he's doing
this oh my god oh my goodness have I
used too much oh I should clean that out
hold on is it'll check on my mom you
know you want to get that you probably
already do this but you don't want to
get the stuff out just put it under get
a bit of water a bit of water on the go
stick it in just a little bit not too
much
gonna water it down get the thingy
thingy and the toppy over hand a little
shake shake yourself and then waste not
once not you probably already do that
you probably already isn't are talking
show although I should have a cooking
show jofi cook cooking with jofi oh
sorry will be called cooking with jofi
kind of part comedy part cooking cooking
comedy cooking the - big ceeze comedy
and cooking hmm all right oh I forgot to
did the thingy
alright hold on it's got to do oh my god
guys it smells like knock on tie I kid
you not
okay Oh mum six nests nests where to
call nests hmm bring the pan and boil
add noodle Japan simmer for 5 minutes
drain and nom nom all right at this time
during the day the water at a tap is
almost boiling so I was kind of Annie
cause it account not working but it
pretty much is boiling water because the
key Tommy is on alright let's turn this
on actually do you want if I scooch this
to the back on the simmer alright bring
this to the front oh god Jack it up
check it up one time whoa
um how many nests okay we got one
um two we're just sticking a turd on for
good measure
cuz I'm not yet although these are
probably gonna expand it's probably one
nest five peepers hey hmm
you love it ally you love it mmm while
you're waiting for one to boil it's
always nice to a do to one show makes
the wife happy makes the wine a happy
wifey is it not so a beautiful next step
a drain this bad boy oh yeah because you
could probably have the noodle thing
separate but I don't know I like the
infusion of p.m. when the noodles absorb
Ward form form remember that from that
horror game play series thing I was
doing that I try every day to forget
about oh yes I don't know I think it's
nicer so uh let's uh let's test it okay
okay okay didn't bring my hand off okay
back away steam is Bernie
now you turn this one down and this one
off you this one forward do the
hokey-pokey and give it a stir
how's this come on over here yeah ah man
Gordon Ramsay's watching this he'd be
jealous but I oh my god I need to get
jofi in my kitchen or I don't know
Gordon I deserve everyone else Gordon
Ramsay right isn't he everywhere ah pop
it in boom ah
turn around this is becoming extra tasty
this dish was tasty and I've just taken
to a whole new level
oh no Pete did not chop okay good
afternoon madam your meal has been
prepared and due course they may render
oneself downstairs into the drawing-room
Rishel partake in a feast of the left
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
