okay oh my god
yeah um cattle is broken
kettles broken it's probably just a fuse
here but I'm having enough use on me so
this is mine this is my way of cooking
and point in my water you just mentioned
it out in the cup I'm just gonna boil it
in this thing also while I was doing
that I managed to burn all the hairs off
my arm I don't know if you can see that
what am see the row like since and I
know it's no good because I don't know
wasn't really thinking I haven't had my
coffee yeah I put the water in the thing
and then I reached her and it turned it
on and reach back for the thing I put it
back and I was like what's that funny
smell I don't all my hairs in you off
and I was like oh well mm-hmm but it is
Sunday means tomorrow is baby day so uh
well look at okay so tomorrow's baby day
so hopefully you know fingers crossed
guys you know crushed fingers say your
prayers
play with your rabbit's foot that's to
do for look I don't know what do you do
for love maybe some comments or things
you do for love the rabbit's foot say
your prayers
cross your fingers holding your breath
that could be dangerous because I am the
hell on it's gonna take and holding your
breath for quite a long time has its
downsides to it this this way takes a
lot longer okay I'm gonna be honest just
a photo that we took complained unfair I
think was the end and title for it you
guys like yesterday's video it is
actually taking me the longest video
I've ever I did too because I've
incorporated some of the unseen wedding
footage from last year but the trick was
right we're gonna take this picture
holding our wedding picture right and
then we're gonna frame this picture and
then next year we're gonna take a
picture holding this picture frame
holding that picture and then each year
we're gonna take a picture of us holding
the picture of the previous year with
and I came up with the idea okay
a few days ago and I was like that's
such a really cool idea actually to do
and then she motivated and you forced me
to do it because I was like oh this is a
stupid idea
haha but we did anyway I think it's
really cool idea you know each year
we'll be holding this picture holiness
picture holy in this picture it's kind
of like the title sequence to a modern
family not really but you know they're
holding a picture of the frame that ends
the intro and then thing starts anyway
but everybody cool if we get like in
like 20 years or 30 years or 50 years or
whatever long for my portion just a
horrible thing to say if you get it like
blowing up to a big picture you can
actually look in to it each year and
you'll see how much we've changed and
our pattern has changed and I don't know
I think it's really cool do you think
it's cool so every week I change the
sheets on our bed right and every second
week there's this dodgy sheet hey nobody
likes cuz it's way too small it like
shrank or something it's way too small
for a mattress and so jovis always has
to do it because it's literally
impossible for me to do like I cannot do
it every time you flip one corner the
other one pops off like it's so crazy
so Joey don't
it's a 10-9 job it actually is somebody
has to like sit on one corner while the
other oh I do love do you know
distraction catchy ones they are the
best ones yeah but it's too small it's
like work the first time we put it on it
was fine action yeah ever since then
it's like every time we wash it and it's
it's like 100% cotton so it's really
like it's really nice it's really nice
quality and everything but it's just
like like so pointy so every second week
it's every second week cause like every
week I change the sheets and we have
another sheet that's not like this one
and so every second week I'm always like
Joseph is no
click that one in yeah this one in as
you can see here the problem see new
problems what you gotta get bad up now
it's easier what I was on board yeah
and so begins problem I mean a yeah it's
already put her up on the chair she gets
so like she's like so nervous for some
reason
oh no it's ok but she's just scared of
it cuz it's like it moves what's your
new plan oh well I sit here you hold on
to that okay this one up this is
literally what we do every week or every
single week okay so now I got this last
one really go here we go
I'm holding on tight Oh God see what I
mean this is not a good okay okay good
good
okay we need you to go there you're the
fat one
okay oh my god yes and it sucks because
we got this sheet recently that's why if
you guys are like just get a new sheet
we got this like - how many weeks ago
used to be beaten unlike a couple of
weeks ago we got on time why I'm holding
on tight but it doesn't even make a
difference
I think I need to just stop vlogging and
help this is one okay what okay wanna
get the moment the triumphal yeah what
you wait wait wait don't do anything
I've got it the Sun oh my god yeah look
how crazy it looks but it works it
actually stays like this the whole
weekend cuz now it sort of it's do that
yeah okay you just wanted to come on
where this on it just gets so tight
thank you know so far from the actual
edge is crazy
yeah can I help you can I help you with
something are you looking for this
after were editing the M the wedding
parts this morning and the food I'm
gonna food we got at the wedding we're
the food I was saying cuz we're just cuz
I was editing that rages this morning it
brought me back reminded me the food was
so nice from ready am we got this thing
it was like the bowl was made out of
cheese they are durable they definitely
are durable wonder when Amelia be as
fancy yeah they tend to get bends heroes
it go along so excited for tomorrow
obviously you know because she's gonna
be one of these proficient on time kinda
babies expecting you tomorrow okay on
the due date I don't think that's common
in Ireland though I think the whole 10
days you know my sister was supposed to
be in juice and she she went in to get a
juice and damn they were overbooked or
something today like oh look I think
we're like I think they're like proper
waters and they're like come back
tomorrow and we'll in June and that
night she had our baby so she'd actually
get a gist which was handy so tomorrow I
don't know Tuesday is dear mom rain
tickling so maybe I'll start it off or
maybe it's night no maybe it's later on
and as you guys can see
I'll zoom in as far as I can zoom I get
it it builds in uh oh my God look at
this thing what that thing is insane but
added to digital zoom so it's kind of
ugly look at the little thing she's so
cute is she coming there he is gonna be
a rugby player he knows his name as well
yeah you're gonna be a rubbery pair you
gonna play for a monster huh don't play
well people monster and somebody figure
in it so look you it's like you know in
a fire hydrant opens yeah it's summer's
day and never happens not and by the way
know those films where you see that
happening yeah everyone I jump look at
their faces
join me love
and hopefully someday we'll have a house
with like blue summer Cesar Millan will
put the dogs in the pool
yeah when it's so much um why I don't
know a book growing in that side one
yep dryer prepare Ireland it doesn't
really move we hired blue line yeah
aren't you know on the canteen no one
cuz they're like noon or that cinder
ones are nice yeah no no it'd be really
cool there's our parole senator detail
box mm-hmm you actually say it's just
trying to steal that not actually I know
you'll actually steal that so let's just
put that in there okay so let's get the
Flymo in the goal let's do this
so we'll clean the job was at the booth
apparently though that's an inducer I
know I'm not picking on P but it said
like weeding or something in there our
poop so nice and pretty it's so pretty
oh so pretty so pretty you got - no - no
it's but it's wet
well not - Oh My yes okay thanks see
it's red did he go up wants to go oh
goodness that means until you know it's
like half 7:00 and we have it up the
house but it's a lazy somebody guys
alright one dog for you you crazy dog in
the baby
how I hate a dog oh thanks thanks a
bunch
oh all my presents are the best presents
he kept for you huh nice couple of days
ago no do we have to march eternally
after this no oh we're all crying here
makes you cry we need a second we're
gonna have a very sit sit sit lay down
lay down
I'm saying because I never makes them do
things we got em
chicken skewers we're not gonna play
last night she's stolen an entire skewer
what at all yeah she's like one of
people that swallow swords mine is like
holding and pulling it in lock yard no
way she's letting me go I was really
well we forgave her like we always do I
gave em more there is this if you'd like
it my chili Baba would you like a chili
pepper would you like a chili pepper
would you like a chili pepper does your
favorite dinner isn't
yeah pasta made a buffalo way no really
maybe I don't know a couple you do where
I'm gonna be tomorrow yeah
Coons bridge Macroom Coons bridge just
am just eat this just stay here is taken
Oh Nikolas huh Nikolas its module all
goodness what's happened here I smudge a
room I subscribe viewers will be home
any moment
hey Nicholas no no no no no no no no no
Nikolas it's don't make now I would
really appreciate it if you weren't to
come forth or go inside just do not jump
up there don't jump off please don't
jump up please please don't jump up
inside you think Ethan on this come on
come on come on
well of course you will come but you're
not the one I'm after sister to factor
thank you Erica cause I'll try and be
like Erica there's always spiders here
you have to stay keep the spider webs
away okay no guy this is troublesome
Mickey Mickey hi oh yeah that's Mickey
God hi Mickey
hey you wanna come down to me if you
come down to me I'll bring you inside
and I'll give you some treats and stuff
that's kind of cooler like a silhouette
made you waiting for the door to open
you want to go ahead sides much let's go
outside
no Nicholas listen to me if I try and
grab you you'll jump away so I cannot do
that
oh no no no no no but I'd really
appreciate if you were just a high Oh
rub for Nicky doctor don't cha don't cha
Vicky Nikolas Nikolas Nikolas please
please Nikolas just come inside okay
it's muggy you're getting like that
smudgy come on come on smoochy come on
smoochy I have a cat problem I have a
cat problem I have I got problem
look I smell me give me a sniff give me
a sniff huh
doesn't that there's not sniff kind of
familiar don't you think of yourself
Oh what kind of sorcery is this oh my
god it's a sorceress it's Salem it's
actually Salem Nikolas nigga rise don't
don't worry no no
right
lowly colas come on forget it then I'm
leaving this is ridiculous I'm inside
really far away
you're not stupid are you leaving
Oh God Oh love heart okay we give up a
little spiders in trouble
spider Central I'm sorry guys I and
weren't able to get Nikolas hmm I'm
afraid of letting you out Plus that
looks like pasta on the table oh okay
okie dokie duper's we're making one
punch bun yeah what oh yeah yeah yeah
it's only a piece of cake you know Amaro
need you just specify reheat cake what's
this one
my son idea where's the open part
where's the open option nothing like the
19 19 19 yeah yeah yeah it says bakery
selection then you go down alphabetical
see for cake please remove to ona item
from the belt whatever whatever you got
my joke no they go ready all right no
it's add this in yeah dick top it's not
cream guys it's not cream like them
waiting for the whisks those are Mort
Italian our cream mm-hmm so we've grown
accustomed to now hmm you guys have it
one it's different the cream
we kind of turn it around a little bit
oh they get something you don't like it
do you know I like the butterscotch
flavor you got all over your face
this cream tastes fierce weird tastes
like butter in scotch yum that looks
like poo poo pee but itself yeah I know
I just realized that now yeah so thanks
so much for all the comments you guys
left on the wedding video is that kind
of cool seeing the stuff that we never
use because when I made the wedding
video I never put like you know just put
the music hangover and then like I was
like my on my own like the next day
trying to edit that thing up and stuff
so you know I never got a chance to
really kinda look over it and properly
find the parts that I thought you know
for good and self and a lefty geez you
guys cut you know we said loads of times
before when oh my said that oh my gosh
you know I left up it in I know when you
guys picked up on that it's really funny
and I'm piercing as well like remember
when we had to do that am legal thing in
Ireland we actually did we actually
scheduled it for a leap year so our
one-year legal or anything will actually
be in four years time it's every four
years under leap year on February 29th
is now what eyes yeah February 29 well
that would be something just a memory
but it's pretty cool it's kind of fun
it's crazy be my year though isn't it
doesn't feel like anything different
yeah you know I still feel like time
just flies along it doesn't feel like
anything's really changed you know but
you know it will be nice if a little
Papa will come out to play come on Bubba
come out to play
daddy longlegs in the car and I won't
get into the car I didn't let him in
where's the gun
I think your left no what is it
fluttering in your face when you're
driving I think it left I tapped it Oh
No yeah but it would be at the lights it
would it would be loved for hovering
towards the light and I think it's gone
gone hopefully hopefully it's gone well
if the light goes out it'll probably
probably levitate
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
