I know we can look at it after okay just
constructed soft play I'm so proud of
you you were such a brave boy yeah you
can see the plaster okay
Amelia's neck
hello friends we have too many people
here today but we have a question in
relation to all the people here so
here's my question if these two are
Anna's first cousins how are they
related to Amelia and Eduardo yeah
that's about you we're saying something
about second cousins possibly because
your Anna's first cousin and then that's
her you're her daughter
so I don't know something's you're
removing cousins you know we're calling
them aunts
she's gonna go ahead and call them
auntie's either way I'm leaving you at
all the children what okay so we're all
stop play we're not taking this boogie I
was gonna take this buggy cuz well I
wasn't but Eric was gonna walk but now I
need to bring in wardo to the doctor's
for his so we're gonna go to stop play
drop everybody off and then go to the
doctor with the portal and then drop him
to stop by on the way back it's very
confusing
also yeah baby
Jonathan Jonathan can you wait can I see
out half - yeah thank you
okay what's gonna happen a Dean that's
the girl that was holding you Oh at home
and Esther
she's the girl that made the cookies
okay we're gonna be fine
this is gonna be so quick isn't it I've
had loads of injections and they were
all fine and unless you had her
injections and she was fine - crying
yeah but she's a baby so you know okay
let's do this
okay Anna is out with Eduardo getting
his injections
it's a booster shot last year you know
all about the injections and I very
excitedly just got off a one-hour
telephone conversation all about the
exciting book tour that is coming soon
tickets down below we are going to be
going to as you know Glasgow and we are
going to Cardiff and we are going to
Milton Keynes and we are going to blue
water in Kent and we are going to
Chester but what you probably didn't
know is we are also going to go to
I don't know well I do know but I can't
tell you yet because they're probably
gonna be annoying in time even telling
you this much but very exciting guys
we're in Irish states it's going to be
in Belfast Dublin and Cork can I tell
you the box store you can probably
figure it out but don't say I can't I
can't be seen to be saying it out loud
but very exciting guys and also in other
news I am trying desperately to see if I
can increase the ticket sales because
the UK tour is pretty much so that like
it's pretty much all there so I'm
talking about very clear do I think I
have permission to double the amount of
tickets to put on a whole one or a batch
of tickets for you guys so look out for
that okay as soon as I know I'll let you
know but it's very exciting it's very
exciting I pour up support guys
mine's equal blown okay thank you so
much for everyone that has click who did
so well didn't you get the seat belt
just Emilia so it's different if y know
how was it was it okay did it hurt he
did so well I know we can look at it
after okay just please drop your stuff
play I'm so proud of you you were such a
brave boy yeah you can see the plaster
okay Amelia's next who's mushy okay
let's go to tough play
that my friends is why I make those
videos because we've all being there
with the babies if you guys have babies
and you'll know whatever makes them calm
and happy that's all you want and those
from your friend animation videos
definitely make her happy and I think
the trick is if you like a mixture so I
know like some people like their
live-action stuff so like older people
make it on you've got some company enjoy
the video as I do in a medium Eduardo
whoever likes filming it normal and then
maybe like some people like the
green-screen software like a disco baby
and some people and then her age being
projecting like little cartoons you know
so we have a vegetable idea it's a
channel for everybody or maybe some
older people like to thank you I think I
can I'm a professional car seat maker
that would make my young self proud of
me okay well that trolls my whole theory
at the window
maybe babies like all my music my
biggest fan one I'll put it back on I'll
put it back on I'll put it back on in
the bath
all right oh my goodness she is almost
too big for this bath huh
and look at your little titties say ahh
Oh Robert Oh teeth huh uh-huh
you've gone around grown teeth huh
somebody order a burrito baby got your
name on it it's got your name on it baby
little burrito baby little burrito baby
hmm
little burrito baby looking for that
song coming soon coming soon little
burrito baby
don't bite my finger oh you're looking
for some boobs
ouch oh oh oh she's a biter
are you a biter oh that tooth guys I
think he's a little squiddy tail that's
cute that's cute
let me get you clothes done okay then
I'll call your mom
so Erica just left with the cousins but
that's Erik is finished now you're on
your own mean yeah yeah that's it guys
we're back to no help again so then you
guys want to come and stay with us
ready yeah all right I got but you're in
school next week so we might be okay
well because mommy dropped daddy's new
camera oh yeah that's crazy isn't it I
don't know boy oh boy this is normal
this normal situation hmm tell us tell
us wardo oh well tell me Eduardo how was
it
what happened talk me truth did you cry
for that one and what about this one
over here and it was a dollar for Rose
dress but I forgot to ask her name oh
that's happened before Amelia I've gone
out right I've gone out all right when I
was a lad I used to go out to nightclubs
right and I would make friends with nice
girls and then I would forget their
names I know what that's like
but being there myself many times what
did I hurt their feelings
sorry everybody
all right let's go anyway just to skip
nice well I don't know ask all the
people after peoples I can't put your
own choice where you're either up and
leave comments with your eyebrows see
you guys tomorrow good luck
tomorrow Shousha bums
what is going on guys I'm done the
spider spider you got earlier but Christ
you know what time it is it's your half
o'clock it's bedtime o'clock way past
bedtime o'clock why are you not in bed
mister come on where is the baby massa
this guy here he can't hold that spider
despite her everything's gone guys but
it's way past your bedtime there's the
boy Stephen bed hours ago the spider
it'll be fine he's gone home it is he
told me every night he's here Emilio
every night he goes home okay he's fine
it's not your bed mister what is their
baby more than your room too
