so Jonas is asleep upstairs
really what's not really early fur
really it's actually 1060 now usually I
have breakfast made and everything by
about half past nine so it's pretty
thick right now in the morning for us
anyways but it's still early if you know
what I mean so um and joel has got me
this amazing diamond necklace Jay was
not expecting at all we did grow him the
baby so hold on here for something
this is why it took me so long because I
got up got dressed
got ready everything he's still asleep
she probably hasn't anybody what's going
on but whatever it's a beautiful day
it's so stunning so I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go
judo chop I'm gonna get a card and
hopefully there will be an anniversary
right there I hope because it's a small
job I've got my breakfast waiting
because I haven't made breakfast yet or
the coffee try and get him maybe some
flowers because I know he's guy but guys
like letters to write so I'm gonna go do
that now and oh yeah I also talked to
the electricity this morning when I was
boiling the camera the fridge just like
dark what the Tom over here is going
some I don't know
about my car and pastries extinct and
have any fat worth underneath he's there
there was like a ton of fake flowers and
then it was like two bunches of real
flowers never hold dead so no look at
the floor they just bring everything
into the house now I have to figure out
you need to trip the switch that'll be
the giveaway so I think it's not working
okay so the kettle won't work I took the
switch everything's fine everything else
is set off everything else is working
the fridge is working fine now with the
kettle won't work so I think maybe the
fuse like went in there or something but
or maybe we need to get a new kettle and
it is pretty old
you don't know this is never happened
before and of course it happens I'm like
the one day that I want the one that I
want it to work and I can't wake
Jonathan to be like hey you just like
fix this good things gonna see
everything so I'm ending it on the stove
like an old-fashioned person
we're in Italian actually that's what
they do
well no they use it oh yeah I could use
the the what you call it cavity right
thing this thingy but that would make
espresso and I don't wanna stress Oh
my name is so hot sucks I don't know why
that happened I don't know why these
things buzz it happened to me um I've
got Josephus's coffee we need to go and
I think I might actually make myself
some coffee as well for once
cuz I gotta be yummy-looking things so
I'm gonna make him is fruit salad miss
ball because I know that he probably
will want that too so and then I'm gonna
set everything up pretty nice and here
we are
that is bright for those it's like 11
o'clock breakfast time anymore but um
this is my breakfast right here see he
doesn't have to eat all those Peas
I mean volleyball but I just wanted to
do something nice
surprise Oh
oh my god yes things I had to do oh I
know it I totally gave it away like
about a million times in their parking
and stuff and then the cattle just like
rope you just stopped it just poly power
ago
it popped the Naha
and then I was like oh my god he's gonna
know like everything I'm doing then I
forgot an envelope for the card and the
people in the shop never tell you you
know oh just let me make a mistake then
cuz I thought it wasn't created in the
thing I know there was no flowers there
that were nice flowers I was gonna get
you flowers oh I know but it's still
nice it was right here
I didn't know if you wanted yogurt and
stuff if you were gonna have that so I
just left you the option made everything
explode oh my goodness
huge dough you can just leave her in
there just look we can just Park it you
know when she's really annoying
by I think I have this is you have there
one anything it's funny actually no it's
a seed you know from there
Ruth has life post Emma delivering a new
one a couple of people not just one
person it was like a few people and
there was ever since like them even just
the beginning of pregnancy we're saying
that the bellybutton is like a timer
it's like when a pop you're ready
dinner's ready like you're ready to go I
was like okay whatever and like my belly
button has always been an innie yeah the
whole eternity and I was like wait I was
really excited I was like I don't want
to know because you know it's kind of
cool and have something different so it
never popped and even though some people
have thought it did in a certain effort
of the day I think it looked like it had
but it really hadn't it was like in
between mm-hmm one of the top that was
kind of yeah like but it never actually
popped well today it popped mm-hmm look
tonight Roy I don't mind the
disgustingness the fake time maybe you
can see that look you don't mind the
stretch marks either you can see that
look I'm trying to see the but look you
can see it look yes pop that like but it
was just this morning so does that mean
today's the first phase the first Oh
probably not coming today
no I think if she comes I'm probably
gonna wake up in the night yeah okay
like we did not want because today is do
you guys remember this time last year my
nephew was born Austin was born today so
he's having his birthday party Dublin my
sister was like don't don't have your
baby in the same thing my baby
that's like I'll try my best not to and
it's our wedding anniversary plus now we
have past one year of marriage and we
didn't have a baby you know cause like
if you have your baby within your first
year of marriage who realizes you're a
skanky wait no no no it doesn't
it's just like at least we can say like
oh we were a year right before we had a
media barely
turn em what are you what are y'all
doing robbing toys in the gurney that's
firing me just like that that's the
process so the turn turn turn
that's how I say guys turkey turd and a
turd thirties white and I would love if
she arrived on the chariot that would be
so cool so you never know yeah do you
know do you know if you know yeah
an experienced it you know your belly
button and popped and then you pop like
apparently once you pop you can't stop
I'm against you take out I did not know
that you have to collect them though
well that's exactly right now we decided
there was a vote casted owner votes
taken and the winner because Doctor Who
series 7 episode one is on tonight but
actually it's already it's already
almost over I actually got a completely
wrong oh my God look I've never ever
been able to get a space here before
this is like the first time ever this is
like history in the making
huh so awesome Joey here we can
community beyond
this bench management place the
Middleton Titanic that was it yeah yeah
yeah and the elevator and we rented the
elevator once yeah the longest journey
is always the journey after you collect
the food and the whole car is like
marinated would like chicken green thigh
coffee I also got chicken skewers oh
that's why I got them
huh yeah oh you guys gotta fluff in you
anyone you guys why do you walk around I
think football day is it's full of
collectors well yeah hmm
and then tomorrow we get in the car
it'll smell of it too cuz we don't
actually do a lot of collection we
usually pay them to deliver it more so
than actually collect it so this doesn't
normally happen them often but em it's
happening right now and it's it's
torturing me but I'm pretty excited
Jenni you guys watch Doctor Who last
night loves it big Doctor Who fan
gayweed see Amelia pond maybe like
Amelia meet Amelia Amelia Amelia
they're both melius ha ha you are the
worst offender of all offenders that
ever offended in the history of offenses
you know get out there get outside oh my
goodness it's deserve any babe is there
nothing nothing of the nothing isms
alright I think we need bony plates
these are plates no these are plates
these are balls
these are bony plates they're plates
bowls on the bowl when a quote when a
bowl and a plate love each other they
create holy places let's flash them
splish splash and I'll take care of back
what did I get
mmm some rice we got Snorri boiling rice
Oh would you get same as always
53:35 me and you guys got a knack on
time get 17 get 17 that's a joke he
guessed he's a 17 or and look at these
things
these things
peanutbutter sauce but I'm not gonna
touch the peanut butter I've ever been a
fan of peanut butter I'll be honest I am
a fan of green Tiger hmm are you giving
at the rice nice oh thanks a lot
oh wait is that you're a moment okay I
was like wait a second that's a bad deal
for me hey okay thing ravages ravaging
beasts what is your favorite flavor of
Thai food even in the comments below
are you a Thai green curry impure like
me or you vegetable either like beanies
you guys have no idea what you're about
to get chicken skewer oh yeah
okay just running off just to it I'm out
there now chicken skewer
I mean scene I get one each you just go
to Joppa for ways
oh yay excited not so much not so much
are you guys excited
she stole seen a stove an entire skewer
an entire skewer for me it's very
upsetting but this makes it all better
I think on the day that we recorded the
wedding video last year right there's
loads and loads of footage that didn't
end up making it into the video so I
think we recorded about 40 or 50 minutes
and then I think the wedding vlog was
only about 50 minutes long because I
haven't got the time you know the next
day and stuff to get it up cuz I did my
own wedding video so I never got around
actually putting stuff in so if I
actually have footage okay if I can find
it I don't know if I'd be able to find
it for you guys to put on tomorrow but
if I do it will be in here hey excited
how excited are you and I have
everything ready and I think I'm gonna
wear my engagement ring on my other hand
to think that's what otherwise I would
just leave it but I mean even on the
other hand because that's what some
people do and my mom's gonna come and
then my bridesmaids are gonna come I'm a
flower girl it's gonna come and my ring
bearers didn't come we're all gonna get
ready together but first you have to
have a rehearsal we're at 4:00 do you
see a nice dress
I was like kind of all creative I put my
rings in one of my heels of my than many
pins in the other that's nice yeah oh
you're so silly
Oh suck it up
that's exactly you have to
I already I
so we're about to get the cake did you
like the dinner was it like all the
ladies I'm sorry I've got a wife yo
we've no idea what the actual cakes look
like so we're pretty excited based on a
list and everything else so far be their
bouquet thing where's your thing oh it's
on my suit it's me know we're gonna try
and bring this home though when I say
try it we're gonna try our best to bring
it home but no guarantees although five
minutes ago Madhavi and Sina I've got a
I think I might be at taken care of
oh well what what a day when em when
that music started and then you know if
she's standing up there and I just like
Erika walking in the corner in the land
trend you know and then everyone coming
in it's like oh my and then put the way
no one the wrong the wrong and I did it
there's so much pressure in Sartell you
asking all these questions I'll be like
what's what's going on and then I put up
the wrong time and then when you gave
your rings you did it right yeah yeah
just put it on and then we took out the
Rings from a cute little bike the
question thing and I was open and I
couldn't I was like taking all this
stuff at the table I gonna get what's
good good times good times
it was awesome
know what to do I know just like second
arrow
good happy married life free sweetie bye
we will talk
going on an adventure midnight into the
dark you guys ready to go into the dark
oh here we go oh we're making light then
you guys ever wanted to M read the story
essentially not so much like the story
of how we man and suffer that but and I
put up a blog post today on anise corner
calm or I will link I'll put it down
just below the top link here click on
that it's a blog post today and fade out
and fade to black
okay I'm not sure had a way double if I
double tap and fade up I read it and I
swear to garlic I actually almost like
cry it was probably crying when I was
going to to be honest from I mean when I
wrote it I was it's really powerful but
I was playing a nice thing anyone has
ever written about me like seriously
yeah I'm so touching and feeling like
you're not as expressive as I would be
about my emotions and feelings and stuff
I am but it's just like in a different
way in a different way exactly and
writing is your way like that's really
good I just I just I was brilliant like
I really and I thought like I think more
you know dad sounds like I really want
you guys to read this you know cuz like
you know we were we are together almost
36 years or five years and we're my year
and you know that is like three years of
us being together before the vlog
started and I was about 31 years old or
30 years old when I started to vlogs
therefore I had 30 years of life you
know and I'm sometimes a1 I'm like
there's so much stuff you guys don't
know and then when I read blog post I
was like you guys need to read this blog
post and give you an understanding and
of our relationship and what we've been
through together you know because it is
such a journey and such an adventure
we've been on and to be here expecting
our first baby married an entire year
this job that we do like this YouTube
thing like it's just you guys like
everything it's just amazing it's
incredible you know and sometimes you
forget when when you look back and you
think wow when you we do you think like
oh wow it was like I remember every
hardship it was a struggle it was not
easy there was times when it was so hard
you know we got through it like yeah you
know we got you everything and we're
here now I'm world affecting our little
baby which might come tonight who's
never called me never giving up
he's giving up on it that's it move yeah
she's happy in there what that's it like
cuz your body is obviously awesome she's
like I am NOT leaving this awesome she
got food on top she's like you know
bubble bath all day long I wouldn't
leave buzzing yeah she's probably just
like no way I'm havin a time for life
I'm not going at em I didn't come out
for ages
I was later so I talked to my dad today
and he said I he was like oh maybe maybe
she's getting you back you were like
late you wouldn't come out at all what
yeah see I think that's more like Emma I
was late but I wasn't like I eventually
I came on my own
like it was fun you know I came the day
before I was supposed to be yes my mom
is being used but Emma like my mom had
to be a boost because she like she would
not come out thank you
sound like me this is why you didn't
marry Emma oh god you never really ever
might how much will just left me to go
to Germany for here or what I've been to
Germany to
hahaha oh boy
ten o'clock guys way too late to be
blogging see you guys tomorrow
