oh my god did you get this in the same
place yeah oh my god it's so nice
so I just wanted to show you guys
something really really sweet that we
got this morning we never get post here
because nobody has our address only like
immediate family have our address here
because obviously we use the peel box
for everything and it's just really
handy you know like you don't have to be
home all the time when when packages are
dropped and stuff so but we got
something in the post and feel of course
was like halfway down in the garden
shooting it off by the time Jonathan got
to it but he got to it in time so we got
this card which is our first ever
anniversary card and it's from my
mother-in-law Jonathan's mom so that was
so nice of her because I we had kind of
forgotten about it like it's tomorrow
our anniversary is tomorrow and we've
just been so overwhelmed with all the
baby stuff that like we've just
forgotten about it and totally like I
don't know it just it just got forgotten
about it so that was really sweet of her
and that is the first anniversary card
like wedding anniversary card that we
have ever gotten so thank you so much
mother-in-law of your watching I never
called her mother and well that's kind
of weird but um Joe has just finished
his work at I think oh no he didn't he
just met I'll be out and I do laundry
that's a dog toy don't think it's a
stain but yeah he just let out the air
because you know Alba doesn't like his
um the noises that he makes when he's
doing his weights so I just want to show
you guys that card and I thought that
was really sweet and then my sister is
in the hair salon that's near where I
live so she's getting her hair cut
before she goes today and she's going
out like - I think so
and it's like what 12 now so I think I
might go and like just pop in and say hi
come down lb oh my god this is what I'm
talking about or Jonathan strings wait
so it's frickin amp but anyway so I
might just pop in and say hi
well before that I need to put on some
laundry
and I also need to do the dishes I
better get to it so I'm heading to
hairdressers now and I'm actually gonna
ask if they can touch up my roots
because that's all I need done I don't
need like a big collar job that I'm just
gonna touch up I think someone asking
about that today is the 31st of August
which means that 31st of July I started
my little program and it's the 31st of
August which means I did it Oh which
means I did it means I'm a winner
where's my prize your prize slim slim
Melly which it is actually you have lost
more weight really yeah I think when you
see yourself every day you feel like no
you have nothing happens especially like
you know it's not it's not just like
your belly it's just it's everywhere
like sometimes when I see you even from
the back and I'm like oh my god you look
so slim you know it's not only on the
front yeah or from the side it's like
everywhere people have left comments
like on my videos as well like on the
pregnancies I feel like like people that
probably well I don't know if they do or
don't watch the vlog because maybe they
don't because they didn't know but
they're like has dofus lost weight and
like a ton of people upset it even in
your face like everything it's true
so I'm gonna move it on to Monday
Wednesdays and Fridays good idea you
know just three times a week yeah keep
that going and your diet as way yeah
well that's obviously see I had that
kind of sorted first and then I was like
where I need to keep daddy on the table
you know you've started eating like the
low-fat popcorn and like we don't really
eat we haven't eaten it but that's what
I was gonna OH
lead on - oh let's go to Nando's tonight
No ok ok oh jeez
well I'll film your video first thank
you and then I'd like some chicken and
corn if you go tonight everyone will be
there
if you're going
I don't like being a weirdo I was like
no were you know like 12 p.m. when
nobody else was there my own here only
so much you all when I get a booth in
I'm like queuing and like being around
people
you're just a weird you're like a hermit
we're gonna eat at this time when
there's nobody there
let's go watch Batman not like yeah like
1 p.m. we're like 11 a.m. you go in
you're like oh and then all you can hear
is just like hit you eating your popcorn
there's nobody out there
great movie I like that I like that's
why I love the popcorn coming from all
like leave comments guys what do you
prefer you like me or like ninis do you
like the crowd or do you like that no I
just like it's not that I like Kravitz
and I like putting myself into class
republic situations but it's just like I
like to do serve yeah like to do stuff
when it's really but I'm just doing it
yeah
I just want my name knows and I don't
want to queue I don't know wait I don't
like people being loud and stuff I just
want to go in and have my Nando's so
actually no I have dinner plan for
tonight
exactly boom it's all started my video
so my video its opening when because
myself and I are like we spend most of
our time together and stuff you know and
I'm trying it I get the videos and done
and get out of the house before she came
back from the hairdresser's Knoll and
then she came back and I was like oh
that's like
you see just like I was like all I got a
drop back the rug docketing which I
actually do you know and then she's all
like what he's talking about like come
on I'll go with you and then we'll go
straight to Nando's you know what I'm
like no I will go to Nando's oh I will
go drop the road drop trekker which is
ridiculous by the way drop back the
machine and then drive past nine knows
essentially and all the way back to the
house to collect her and I was like why
don't you just have like a snack or
something our do you want to keep the
houses up making excuses for her because
I was like
tomorrow is our one-year wedding
anniversary and I have been playing it
down down down down I play like super
down like and I was like oh yeah
whatever it's like oh we will probably
won't do anything or you know just
trying to like be all like all nothing's
happening itself because I realized that
I do love my wife I love my wife very
much and a lot of attention has been put
on the pregnancy and all that kind of
great stuff that we're doing at the
moment and I don't want her to be
forgotten about you know and I know I
would never say anything or anything so
I decided I wanted to go ahead and
wanted to get her like a present you
know a wedding anniversary I didn't want
to go by and it'd be so easy to let it
go by because all the attention is on
Amelia at the moment you know as I don't
know know like I mean I'm so happy I
married her I love her so much and his
last year of my life do you mind you
know is she saying that any other day I
was like you know what Amelia's like our
first big journey because when I went to
university it was like my journey and
when Anna went to university was her
journey and we came together went to the
UK
to go to continue on our University and
that was like it was still my journey
knowing when we've been together moved
back to Cork it was still my journey and
her journey you know and when we got
married last year that was the combining
of both of our journeys and this is the
first big adventure that we are taking
the first chapter in the ciccone Jolie's
you know and it's such a big a big thing
what Amelia you know but I just wanted
to I wanted to make sure that our first
wedding here cuz I know I know it'll
mean so much to her and I know that
she's probably in the back of her head
thinking like oh I don't want to say
anything but he's probably forgotten
because I am playing and so so I'm
probably in big trouble right now and
I'm very gonna have horrible dangers
getting really annoyed to be all that
again she's like why didn't you bring me
to that knows and she's expecting
nothing tomorrow but lo and behold jokey
jokey never forgets the ones he loved
love
look she just like she texted me look
you left all the receipts cuz she's like
what are you doing you forgot the
receipts for the thing alright so the
fun bit begins because I have to get
down to the other place before Anna
notices I got Lana actually coming for
because if I'm actually gone for too
long and Jess I realized I'm just like
why did it take you so long to get back
from Woody's to the house you know
alright whatever the hell I thought is
the Woody's I think yeah you know hang
on just get back from Woody's from the
plane over like oh so I'm gonna I'm
gonna get to the other place I think I
have to go to my no my good at Douglas
I'm not sure I'm gonna get there damn
I'm gonna be like attacks with me like
oh this is ridiculous like just just
like a queue and then there's like you
know nurse type just complaining about
the staff a bit you know and then she'll
think like oh that's where he is it's my
plan it may or may not work out see I
kind of want to go to the place that I
bought our engagement ring from
hello just like you know significance or
something like that but that's way up in
my head alright so I'm here at man point
but this is the convince er now I'm
really sorry Woody's but don't mean to
besmirch your name your service was
tonight your service was brilliant but I
have to I have to say that your service
is terrible so um this is crap no this
is ridiculous
still waiting to be served yeah that's
that should buy me some time and she'll
probably probably back as long she
doesn't call because she might recognize
the sound although thankfully jewelers
don't know welcome to do jurors or
something you know if you're in airport
do something like that you're trying
pretend you're not in an airport I don't
know unless you're a spy spies probably
have that problem
I don't your first anniversary search
newspaper or something like that but
feel that diamonds would say it better
than paper alright that is sorted you
got it here unfortunately I can't open
it though because she actually
diffracted everything for me but it's
like a diamond necklace and stuff I'm
trying I'll show you it'll be all over
the blog and sip tomorrow that's right
give it to her buddy it was like oh and
you wanted something like paper and
stuff for us like all of the stores on
paper they're in red and shopping it's
actually really helpful Morris could
uterus mat point now I'm trying to find
her a card
how about one of these get this to my
wife on our anniversary I said you do I
said I do so we did no that's really
cute but I know wedding anniversary like
to kinda go like the point I'll get this
one
I think you're gonna go with it Oh
oh it's so cool I love you just for
being the other half of me is so cool
I'm getting this one yeah I'm getting
this one we're back in the garbage look
still cleaning cuz I said I don't think
it shows actually what a scenario funny
okay
so I can't show you which is a pity I
saw her she's like you want to gift wrap
dress yes please
but I'm I can't show you guys which is
kind of annoying but you'll get to see
you tomorrow it would be surprise for
you and me nice so you'll have to wait
or tune in tomorrow to see if she likes
it or she chosen in my face now I need
to hide it somewhere because obviously
news is like suspicious of me now you
know
and I need to hide it somewhere is a car
where then any excuse to go get it
tomorrow morning but on the sly do after
she's realized and I'm a failure of a
husband and I got her nothing and then
over leave the vlog in the car by a
mistake and then I'll be like always the
blood and then you know after I've got
home and she's open bad never an act
because she probably fall asleep as well
hmm
or I could throw it over the wall into
the garden but the dogs might eat it
it's tricky we'll find a way right cos
that nose is off the car it's off the
table focus is facto like just
self-degrading myself all the time
my brother sells all right Linda hook me
up with some Italians over there what do
you go for I'm never do tuna it's good
to change things up Oh what's up being
her praises it's a mixture being
embraces I was oh my god I totally
forgot look what's in this freezer guys
oh my god poor for Galway pyres
unfortunately I'm I like to eat em in
twos I can't be jamming ones that you
placed me and that would be too much for
a lunch so I'm just not gonna have them
decide I can't do it I have no
self-control when it comes to pie yeah
well as I'm unwrapping it that's a great
and I'd be like yeah let's do that but
the two of them would somehow end up in
the oven that's what what happened you
know but we'll go to our Italian mom
more italiano hey Linda my heart
italiano how many will I make four then
she left what about the six of them does
this have any fun
so
I never used this outdoor but it's big
if I open up the front door everyone the
doctor cannot hear me
it's a really anniversary time I don't
have anything for you that's okay
I want a stupid husband gave me a baby
we've gotten you a card if you had done
it tomorrow when our actual anniversary
I know we're gonna have an anniversary
party isn't that the cutest guy ever oh
my god it's really nice
that's a private note I'm private letter
yeah welcome
oh it's just something stupid mm-hmm
could you just not wait
excited kind of was a PlayStation game I
don't need anything
oh my god yeah oh my god it's so nice
you know how come let's see that was
clever
wasn't it you didn't get a gold see it's
like I don't know how long micros there
is that was very clever yeah I'm sure
you have a gold on yeah because
otherwise it's entirely their deeds do
you mom
come on I don't know she start telling
me all the carrots and stuff but I lost
interest
yeah but it's a good thing and get a
whole thing
well I knew you had the thing you want
yeah I was like a nice it's kind of a
mixture your push present and our
anniversary gift
yeah treat you nice that's really
delicate yeah thank you you're welcome
cuz you always said that you liked
getting like expensive pieces well I
like exciting turning me like nice what
you always wear the Rings and the
earrings I know yourself I got you so
you know I have kind of change tastes
like difference Johnson now I just want
I don't like wearing that she was
dropping exactly thank you are you can
actually wear these together if you
wanted to but I cut it's really good
that it's over because then when I'm
wearing all my silver stuff yeah boy
that's someone wearing all my gold over
this I love it I know you and I love
that it's the same I know I know I know
and I hate to go from all the way up to
my hand from the other place and then I
was texting you when I was in my head
and I was like oh stuck here this is
stupid
that's okay I was really worried
something worth tweeting don't oh my god
just saw guys enjoying in my head hurt
you know if you will do it all the time
I was like nobody do that don't do that
it's okay that's why when you came back
from the hair dress and you were like
what's wrong with channels because my
plan was to go then
cuz I tell you you know but I just
uploaded a video when you came home I
was like oh my right at that time
yeah because I wasn't getting my hair
done I know I didn't know that
thank you hmm I really really like it I
like you okay we're gonna try now I
don't know this actually works or not
but I feel like we've tried all the
other induction techniques
and I think this is you know I look
through I read about it online a bit and
I heard that sometimes people who have
gone in London have gone into labor soon
afterwards you know now as you hear that
- yeah
so I was like oh look we've tried
everything else you know like I don't
want to do this you know I really don't
want to do this but I'm like fine look
if it's gonna help the situation you
know I'll go and do it you know just for
Amelia so we can just sometimes lose a
bit of a queue here I don't know you
sure maybe everyone here is looking to
induce their babies
come on ensure that what's going on here
like I said you know guys like don't
judge me like I don't want to be here
I'm not doing this for me I'm doing this
for Amelia you know these are the
sacrifices that I'm already making as a
soon-to-be father huh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
