mmm he's having a nice relaxing morning
sunshine getting some Sun in my legs
do you want some yeah well what you want
crazy
yeah well is there an options mm-hmm
I don't like to you know when there's
peas and olive oil involved
Rocco got me too I mean well it's
suppose the didn't just shape of sauces
yeah they're so good girl in a McCarty's
I'll be back then you guys want Alvey
sneem ecommons
just meeting by to pick him up he's so
annoying today this is barking at the
wind was blowing the tree they don't
wants the wind you know also have that
what you doing in there huh what you
doing in there you want a good time not
a very good time are you - no he's new
he's so cute so I'm making a little
something different today for lunch
um we're still having crazy because I
think I don't know there's something
about like a nice summer's day and a
caprese isn't there the monster out it's
that's why it's so popular in Italy
because it's like summertime and kind of
thing I think anyways I mean I don't
know I'm sure people I really have only
been to Italy in the summer I think I
have maybe one way oh yeah I didn't know
every year I don't really remember the
wintertime like specifically but anyways
I'm sure people maybe they do maybe they
don't maybe it is a summertime thing I
don't know but there is something nice
that it like having it even a caprese
salad like outside I don't know it's
nice so I'm making a crazy rap for each
of us instead of a food doctor we have
two doctors but um sometimes I just want
to change it up but we also have a
million scones because I had a craving
for scones one time then I ate one do
when you want it anymore
I think about scones so I punch you to
frozen anyways I think these are ready
they want to need to be like heated up
Jeremy for a second okay so here are my
wraps there's my ingredients and I'm
gonna put them all together then half of
all pregnancies last longer than 40
weeks right I'm hoping anyone's guess
that yours might end though your
practitioner will probably not let it go
longer than 42 weeks thankfully widens
ten days ten days which wait a second
this Monday is 40 weeks which is our due
date and ten days after I don't know 41
Oh Lanka for humans
no no maybe 40 we might if we go to 10
days Willy or 41 week there'll be a
forty one week just protest okay my name
no dad last night or to sleep over when
and where your water will break because
you've heard or seen on TV one or two
horror stories about a pregnant woman's
water breaking in an inconvenient make
that humiliating time in place click in
the middle of a busy sidewalk at one
shower or a jam-packed mall on this one
Saturday morning but your reality show
will probably be a little different
first because fewer than 15 percent of
women experience a rupture of membranes
before it labor begins and second
because if your water just breaking in
public it's less likely to come as a
torrential tidal wave yeah and more
likely to pump was a slow leak a trickle
or a small gush
remember n em what to expect it we knew
one was about to go on stage she was
like I think I just peed myself a lot
and it's not stopping there was a water
breaking but there wasn't like it wasn't
like you know just like soaked her
clothes yeah I would say Danny you know
what to expect the M did add the racing
car drivers dad's girlfriend the blood
it's like maybe cupid girl and she was
like Mary she's like what's your pain I
was like oh maybe a little girl she's
like okay I'm like sad face without
tears like which is like Georgie happy
George say oh what do you see how is
going to know what she's giving birth
she's like hold on there's anything so
how can you tell if you're on me on a
sock is ruptured
amniotic fluid is usually colorless and
odorless if you notice fluid that looks
yellowish or smell of ammonia upon
eating through urine ammonia and sheeps
another test you can try to stem the
flow of the fluid by squeezing your
pelvic muscles if the flow stops it's
urine if it doesn't it's
so what happens with your app does the
app just like uninstall itself now okay
so next week it will give you an update
I think so yeah did you like hi how are
you feeling yeah there's week 41 week 42
in that it stops
so wait 41 it's like you don't care the
big due date came but your baby didn't
don't feel bad you and your baby are in
good company
fifty percent of expectant moms don't
deliver before their due dates and ten
percent have pregnancies that last forty
two weeks or longer let's hope we're not
a ten percent won't be well no we can't
be happy the one thing about induction
is that I'm on ten days which is like
that's in 213 for example like you know
if we're not gone by then you know on
the 13th 8 o'clock or 9 o'clock or
whatever you just cuz I'm lucky or
something no good 12 i like 10 poly
cause mine yours 13 yeah oh yeah - 3 and
I just always liked single numbers but
no way easier to everything well the
16th cuz that's you turd under 13 that's
too long but you know like you just kind
of like you'd be like ok we have an
appointment down for like 11 a.m. or
whatever like you just like that I've
ever written head off to the hospital I
can see the appeal of that or the makeup
girl it's like the makeup position oh
yeah who is promoting for there Ian she
was so cool she's like oh you having is
a section and I was like I didn't even
think well she's like hopefully not
because I'm like
I'm like hoping to have a natural birth
you know so it's like hopefully not and
then she was like I had to my my by
c-section I was like oh and then she was
like the nice thing about c-section
though is that you can go in with your
your hair blowdried and like your makeup
done your 10 and your nails and
everything I was like oh my god oh right
like and you come out looking amazing
and then you're like you look so pretty
for all your pictures and stuff is like
very keep it give a kissy kissy kissy
kissy kissy
oh you get to like in heaven he's in
heaven when you go with me whoo that
your dream don't piss yourself
lovely day lovely day just a different
that was drive into town with my wife we
had a baby and I was little it strike
okay I really
no we're not but oh my goodness guys
talk about like you know if we if we get
induced it is in 14 days we're going to
be induced 14 days so in two weeks
regardless we are going to have a baby
there's no going back now you know we
can two weeks or less so we were saying
that I would like immediately born on
the turn of September I know it's our G
day to know but it's my am i late
grandmother's birthday so I did not be
kind of cool
what was your day do you like it I like
any single digit numbers Nene's going
for single digit numbers so we haven't
narrowed down because I know we did this
before and some of you guys will turn of
August and stuff now I don't know maybe
it's today who knows you just don't what
do you know what two days not to notice
so let's say let's try this again okay
so it will not be later than the 13 or
it will be under 13 as per appointment
so we either be having an appointment on
a 13 and getting a juice or sometime
between Dan and now now we're getting
the membrane sweep done on Monday and a
lot of people say the data that is a
very good and juicer once you tickle the
cervix from the inside attend so it
could be under turn oh my god that is a
turn so maybe the night of the turn all
it supports may be the night of the fort
but leave your comments below of your
guests between first of September and
the turkeys in September and
give it your best go what's this thing
look at this
I'll get those guys
little Jamaal it's huge isn't it Oh PS
that's our new home
do you like it the best ones good it
smells like a cupcake factory not like
vanilla yeah what did you get any more
eggs you got one Oreo red velvet she got
one Oreo when Miffy when Nicky once much
and she was really nice and she gave it
a box sight looks kind of old oh okay
hope you should get this me guard diving
residence we shelter just like warning
vlog in comments you might get blogged
look at the lights there
it's kind of cool isn't it it's like hey
oh there's a new house guys
just I don't wanna have a picture of it
here but you know you see our new house
everywhere these days
ain't anyone has two hmm
I like this dog look at this one cuz I
like the dog tick grabbed is domestic
got ass yep yep I I didn't marry a
domestic goddess I still I'm still Fork
anyone who's George forming things yeah
Elizabeth has one and she made a grilled
cheese sandwich
okay
just think spike is it yeah well Katie
stealin on your bro I said to me no
never even know I know that Ryan's which
makes it even better
hmm it's just fun to look around these
places stuff for houses hello my name is
stuck on me I am max oh they're in a max
you keep the dogs away there so so we're
out doing him your mom says they always
just jump over it it's like it's like
your rocker chair thing even goes
backwards
oh yeah your Suzy
well maybe actually if you try that you
might be able to get back out of it this
is a nice room it's a bit cramped let's
see what's next door well with a white
one and I like it in white again it
feels a bit cramped come our laundry
oh it's a laundry thing yeah that is
really cute little bear on it you
probably want to put things in that
we give it a name yeah okay chill okay
step one nursery
step two laundry step 3 nice table this
is a beware of the nice - yeah that
although I suppose you know right that's
partly cuz of the grass so it's not as
noticeable then that's probably what
they were thinking do you think you
saying showers actually work well we're
not great questions but do you think
what it's gonna squirt out if I press
this button you imagine she's touch
point what everywhere hello hello ladies
hey how's your day been oh it's been
tough I tell you what against guy oh so
we're trying to rent is huge it's like a
carpet cleaning device we saw it under
keeping up with the kardashians Kendall
and Canada no Qaeda used to clean a
carpet it was amazing oh my god we
looked it up in the heaven here but
they're like you need like utility bill
or something which you don't have but I
just stand in the car I have my driving
license and I have my insurance the
further address so we're gonna go ahead
and see I really appreciate that Joe
Smith
thank you I was like panicking about I
don't know if you caught the end of what
I was saying yesterday it was all like
chopped up because I was rambling for
ages but basically yeah and yesterday's
vlog I was talking about a meltdown that
I had that morning because you know like
when you're pregnant and you just have
all these hormones and you're just so
like hormonal and like crazy all the
time and I just had this total like I
don't know like meltdown about I just
kept thinking that it you know I clean
every single day and no matter how much
I clean it's never clean enough and I
yeah I'm thinking that like I can't I
can't bring a baby into this house it's
not clean enough I need to clean more
and Jeff is like what are you talking
about you clean like every single day
every day I see you have like a mop or
dustin a dust or anything or a vacuum
cleaner in your hand and you're always
cleaning and I'm like I know but it's
just never clean enough I can never get
a tune-up so I was like you know panic
anyway just stupid things like you know
I wanted the carpets to be super clean
for if Amelia has ever like laying down
on them and stuff and obviously she'll
probably never be like directly on the
carpet it'll probably be like a blanket
in between but just because we have dogs
and everything like I want to be careful
about stuff and
the puppies aren't even allowed and that
carpeted room but I just wanted to
really like deep clean the car business
what nesting is like this is what
everybody's been telling you they're
like you know you'll just want to deep
clean your fridge for no reason one day
or yeah I have I've been like trying to
clean just the most craziest things that
you wouldn't even think of normally and
I'm so jealous obliged today he was like
okay good we'll get this perfect either
you know we're done yeah I had no idea
he would just surprise that although I
feel boxes I knew that wasn't the way
back to the mailbox like getting it in
there yeah so I'm really happy now
because I have a clean carpet all right
ease rug carpet detergent let's check
this bad boy out
here's the Machine emotion this looks
fancy and fun isn't it the world doctor
and you guys are taught about get one of
these just watch this video and then
you'll see us doing it and then you
don't know and then we were finished
we're going to use all of these cupcakes
we're going to tell Emma no inner thigh
oh you got to move everything out of
here first
before we get down to the business well
yeah just bring my way I can't put it
back down after it's got to dry so we're
gonna have to just stop the stuff up
there did a big catch first you know
yeah no don't worry I'll do it all right
if you see all the little indent from
the couches and stuff there you go
so this is like the before yeah maybe
you should do a blog post in this maybe
Entertainment mm-hmm he doesn't know
this effort no like it doesn't look that
bad you know you can you look back so
this is the before I hope the after is
effective like I know I have no idea
all right so I should probably give the
instructions a quick gander do not fill
this tank remove this I feel red tank
lower explain yourself there you left an
entire pack of rodeos outside and we're
like where's the packet now it looks
empty some ways in apparent oh my god I
was really what everyone was system
everywhere thanks guys
thanks guys oh right I think was any
left you guys most all of these
and didn't specify probably a lot o so
should I take a picture just beforehand
yeah she's back
no thank you
look she know she's bowling
really Johnson that is not safe you're
gonna just put her back with the rest of
the group she's so cute though
this room is so nice vacuum sounds
really scary
so we've actually run through our first
one boy damn I think that makes a
difference like it does it gets wet you
can tell but it looks shampoo but you
can tell when you run over the base up
it just goes when it's great so app
here's some pee apple juice or pee pees
and 90 liters of water 150 milliliters
detergent and then it's just like tap
water you put in which is quite handy
hello it's so funny because you know I
used that much detergent and it was like
I think was nine euros and I was like I
mean DS by D and she was like just the
smaller one is fine so he could have
totally con me into buying I turns it
and I probably would have done that yeah
oh is that the dirty yeah that's my god
isn't that crazy you can't see it I
don't put my hand out now but like that
came from the carpet
not
all right well you can't really I know
your lit looks the exact same
except it's wet so it said like if you
take a couple of hours depends on the
time of year and fans and stuff but em
so what I do I did three times but then
this is this is a fairly small little
room like but now would be interesting
scene out when it dries in a couple
hours I'm gonna drag it upstairs now and
do the landing as well maybe I better do
a lot of crawling that's all I'm gonna
say her first two months in her first
two months all right I want to see a lot
of crawling at you my skin what's going
on I'm gonna put them all out yeah put
them all out yeah I know and I'll put
all the stuff fake baby
you guys getting no more to yours
forever going outside outside
I don't get game room look at this stuff
I just want to show you guys this right
was a few times still bet you crazy
breath and you can see look at that I
can't have a carpet okay it's not as
dramatic as the first time for the first
time it was like black that's crazy
look like you can tag along with me I'm
gonna vacuum in here
I'll bring the rag up in a minute yeah
bring this up here now I know this is
the unemployed part nine years of water
plus the machine yeah looks good though
isn't it yeah I really don't think we
needs to the stairs the actual stairs
there's like no stains on them though
and if there is then there's no lights
in there anyway I'm pretty sure they
were there when we came because I don't
think we ever explored yeah look at that
Wow mmm really shows the difference no
no cool so we are heading to Emma's
goodbye dinner so it looks like I mean
it's not gonna make it unless of course
she comes out right now but even if we
go into labor tonight because you've
been cramping all there right yeah not
like
like not attraction actions but I have
been a bit like even if she unless you
have like a super fast contraction
delivery but otherwise I think I don't
think Emma's gonna get to meet Amelia
for quite a while
oh this is it
our last stop for Emma it's gonna be a
year before we get good food again
hopefully it can sense when we can send
mail order ourselves up over to the PIO
box I'm gonna collect every Friday
careful juice 2007 frozen meals for the
week and some outflow did we know I'll
throw up this winter Oh in that case hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
