you feel anything feel any dilation
no nothing moving through your cervix or
anything no maybe when we get to the top
raspberry leaf spicy food up big Hills
we're gonna get there
so I was just in the middle of getting
ready and it's are pouring rain like
absolutely pelting rain and this is the
day that's supposed to be nice it was
forecast to be like super sunny and nice
today I don't understand what's going on
so ya know it's not stopping right now
it's horrible it's so gross and all the
pups are inside whoa did you please fear
that it's like a huge gust of wind okay
I think I'm gonna have to close the door
hold on one second this is like perfect
back to school with Nevaeh don't be a
brat poor Co that's the bear right there
she sometimes gets snappy and poreless
Tioga oh poor little Theodore I just
can't wait until we move into our new
home because it's so much bigger and
it's more like open plan and more space
and everything where is this isn't
really working like they cannot just
have like a teeny tiny like okay this is
an entertaining kitchen but they can't
just have one room like it's not really
fair on them and it's not fair enough
either plus in our new place you want to
get a we're gonna get a cat flap so that
they can go in and out when they want to
because we have friends that have
Maltese and they do that and it really
works for them I actually kind of threw
a fit and that's why everything is just
left here I hadn't done the washing up
the gloves they're just like tossed
everywhere I was like so upset I started
crying I was like it's like I can't have
a baby baby it's too messy it's too
disgusting because it just feels like
sometimes like I'm sure if you guys have
like none even dogs would hurt animals
but just like kids that wrecked
everything all the time and if you're
like a neat freak like me it just gets
so you just have to let go like you have
to just just let it be and just like
realize that it's not really perfect all
the time comes
the open society he was like you clean
like every single day and it's just I
just feel like I'm always cleaning and
it's never clean enough like never so
and then I was just getting upset
because of the whole you know I'm gonna
have a baby and like I want everything
to be perfect for her when she gets here
but obviously that's not gonna happen
but then javis made me feel a lot better
he's like amazing not like pep talks and
stuff he was like don't worry like the
kitchen is cleaned every single night
before we go to bed like it's the only
room cuz the puppies are in there right
now and it's just difficult but every
other room in the house is always
sparkling clean it was like you do an
amazing job and here's being so nice to
me so then I cam down that straighter I
stopped crying because I was like having
a mini meltdown and obviously I think
the hormones are probably all in whacked
as well because I'm almost there like
she's almost here but um yeah so in case
you were wondering yes it is stressful
to have six dogs but to me and to javis
it's worth it because they're really
cute and we love them to death and we
would never ever give them away or get
rid of them hey are you having a little
drink ease oh you're so cute and there's
Bianca over there he's taking a nap so
no are you going do that you know spot
he's posed to me they are so cute you
make it worth all your pee pees and poos
I love you guys so much so I'm just
making us some lunch and a surprise
dofus after his hard work out because he
was just working out really hard and I'm
making Justin sandwiches so I'm making
javis a caprese and then I'm making tuna
for me because I haven't had tuna in a
while and I actually I'm kind of I think
I had a crazy for like three days in a
row or something so pretty sick of them
right now so I'm gonna do one of each
and that will be our lunch and then I
just got the chicken out for tonight
because we are having sweet and sour
sour stir-fry Chinese stir-fry I'm gonna
make so that today nicely done charge is
completely done look tree section so
let's just check oh one thought cycle to
normals and no other charges this is
awesome I don't know who tweeted me this
was like you should hit the battery
doctor thing for the iPhone but an
apparently it's really good and then Shh
wills your uploads and stuff and it
keeps everything like run normally
quickly 20 20 20 hours net nice okay now
give these to Emma for Germany because
we don't need them anymore they were
only in suitcases like grown-ups Oh
would you back me knees she gets pretty
bad I don't know was that a Freudian
slip
love you
Lonestar having an that song and so long
love it love it is a love country I
still attached music you know and you've
got Brooks Reba McEntire and people's
like that sorry I can't talk so it turns
out guys that I call of duty the
sneaky-sneak ursins let me turn full ad
Joe Haeg head no copyright this is that
so I'm a big fan of the old black
opportu because you know anybody is
serial and then you get a toy you feel
like oh my god I want you feel like I
feel like there's a sense of women so
when I bought back opps I got a little
car oh my god oh my god I got a car I
didn't say 170 euros but I got a car I
didn't care about the game in Kevin and
I just wanted the car cuz it's a toy I
wanted the toy and then modern warfare 3
came out and I went straight in paid
another hunt six quid and I got the
night vision goggles I didn't I've been
about kids first you know and then last
year modern warfare 3 no minor offer to
doctor got those modern warfare 3 came
out and there was no prestige seeing it
was like oh you get my packs and stuff I
didn't buy it I didn't buy it I was so
hurt and there was no toy black ops 2
just announced a toy a freaking
helicopter it actually says like no I
was like the helicopter can be used to
annoy your dog oh yeah oh my god serious
no was itching because I mean Nene's got
into conductors right now oh my god you
having a baby right now so I'm pretty
excited about that
oh my god it's I'm gonna I'm heading to
gamestop with Douglas I am putting my
money Jan I'm gonna one of those
bad boys oh my god a helicopter this is
the best day of my life
let's see if it's a good time
six eight one three five two five three
security that's but it's 200 euros this
year I'd say it's pretty steep what I
said Jim was that helicopter he's like
it's like Quadra something or other
Quadrophenia Mullins I am what am i 200
quid that was like holy crap tabret my
kind of spend too many of them I don't
know about did a midnight thing this
year because Amelia I might be here
although maybe I will
I don't know he's dropping some like all
I won't do that and then a hyper tonight
my brother's gonna get it as well and
she gotta call him and tell him tell him
I got one cuz once I go one he'd be like
well I don't know and I have one which
is number one year I think was Modern
Warfare 2 I bought the night-vision
goggles and he didn't and ever since and
he's regretted it because if you don't
fight him on a night like today they
come at you probably not gonna get them
so let's call him and put him under some
pressure to get one too so we got this
crazy who is from Finland and she
actually sent some things she sent like
a couple of months ago ages ago and she
had sent little knitted booties that she
made for anemia and um she says this
letter and some things that she hand
knitted and had made and they were
absolutely amazing so she said hi from
Finland
I'm sending you a blanket for a media
and a relationship mitten for you too
and little colors for the dogs and also
some chocolate with the longest word in
the history of long words look at this
thing
Oh Sam I can't look is that an umlaut I
have a hula muta this is no chocolate
yeah that's what I thought that's what
it looks like I never um she then I
actually I made all of these myself I
actually
the blanket weight earlier before anyone
else had sent you one but I wanted to
send it anyway I hope you like
everything it was fun making them and I
used up some of my yarn that I had lying
around
that's a funny yarn the harmony of like
kindergarten or something because here
we don't call it that we call it wool
like in Ireland we call it well but in
America we call it yarn that was like a
third letter when I was learning letters
the letter Y was free yarn anyways I
love watching your vlogs and even when I
haven't had the best day watching them
puts me in a better mood thank you so
much inna and your blanket was amazing I
don't know how you can knit those things
I love always awful at knitting so
anytime somebody knits something for us
I'm just like oh my god that's like the
most amazing thing ever so thank you so
much and the colors are so cute and
we're gonna check this out
and see if it is licorice licorice
licorice licorice I don't know it's so
nice what's that OH Ashville oh I'd love
a game of golf fish you like golf I'll
be so cool you guys like pitching what
and you guys want to come play golf with
me come on oh you would wouldn't you
it's your thing isn't it Oh watch out
hobby in
and then and in and in and in and then
game on the guy he's looking at like
stop for a minute and love that job
okay ready big jump don't know don't
come into pool yeah yeah you want to get
up there where you going guys so cute
Oh what's happening that's happened is
it
oh good find yeah all right so we heard
a rumor that at walking up hills induces
labor so we look go for the nearest heel
was and we talk you know just up the
road here there's actually like am a
heel forest type place would you call it
a first one in a rough land so it's more
of a hill down but then when we come
back up it's gonna be a hill up oh by
the way does our new house we just
bought it
nice innit no no not my new shoes my new
shoes
we're buying a pair of these shoes for
Anna because these are the most amazing
shoes I've ever walked into my life
they've made walking fun
oh my god I just can't believe it like
how incredible there are just a minute I
felt that I was like on crazy there so
maybe we bounce II and soft and light
him you just you gotta wear them to
believe it just under way back now it's
probably look you actually see it's like
a full-on hill that was in the golf
course god I'm just I'm just I feel like
I'm walking I feel like I'm walking like
this
I feel like Neil Armstrong again but
that was so funny wasn't it guys that I
randomly said you know Neil Armstrong
when I was talking about joking about
Bosco and all like that and then
seriously like that night I saw on
Twitter then he passed away and I was
like on oh my god that is so crazy
why don't what an amazing person notes
should have like not like done something
for your country but don't something for
the planet huh you know if people like
do you suffer their countries like the
Olympians and you know like all cool
people like that that like represent
their countries like imagine
representing your planet that would be
pretty Jeff ik oh no no no it's a muddy
river river what you find over here in
the middle oh I see what you're done
come on I'll be get out of the mud
oh yeah bit of dry land here okay we're
back oh god this is kind of spooky
Cena's freaking air there's like nothing
there behind this she's like freaking
out what Xena what is it
I know she's no she's going crazy it's
kind of spooky yeah or the slender man
that's cool little ashtray there won't
if that means 184 what does that mean
does that one of those I'm you know what
it owes protective trees they an
unalloyed chump chopped down or
something I don't know I'm just Kathleen
we are in a wooded forest you know we've
been calling savanah you guys know what
that is or is it just like a marker or
something don't think there's like a
million people up here yeah maybe I've
never been up here before normally we go
huh off the annoy but today we decided
to go this way oh my god let's remember
the swing we went on here today look at
this thing it adds definitely an element
of fear to it there's water in Jesus I
really want to go on lash but I know I
know it'll end badly for me oh here we
go
look at this hill huh you're probably
gonna have the baby on the top of this
hill Nene's do you feel anything feel
any dilation nothing moving through your
cervix or anything no maybe when we got
to the top here raspberry leaf spicy
food of big Hills
we're gonna get there when we get there
hello Emma got her luggage and all today
so it's Wednesday
two more days tomorrow's our last day
come on come on oh my goodness this is
even tired yeah look it seems she's so
full of wood it's so cool here
whoa look away found massive young BR
okay I'm gonna turn angles look at all
the mud you're not walking through the
mud but I see if we can just have a look
at all the lumber this lumber lumber
excuse me have a look cool are the smell
of it is amazing
it's so cool what probably around it
could obviously go and go first that's
raw the lumber is but I'm not walking
you too much
no no nothing the issues it's so pretty
tryna be hunting me you're going in
I knew she wanted to just like no he's
not
no way sorry his thing oh it's kind of
low to Anna's so come drinkies huh yeah
it's River Rock I'll be searching Oh
drink the water
no no look at you've done get your cell
phone all right come on you're going in
Albie there we go good boy come on walk
along the water oh god no not my issues
you've ruined 20 of shoes Xena she's
ruined my life oh yeah a waterfall huh
come on she's such a brave warrior xenon
the princess warrior princess right here
the waterfall you want to go encina hold
on hold on go check her Xena see you
like this oi oi
okay catching any right in
Oh
careful yeah he's like no way no how I
know she's hopped up
I missed it though she's too quick got
some quickness she's got the quicken
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go don't you yeah you are
I'll be so happy is like no more stones
stones again so we're having and here
you go secret ingredients Uncle Ben
thanks Uncle Ben with extra pineapple
yep that's the trick got some veggies
over there in the pot everybody to go
Ritter and Chinese thank you and then
we've got some brown rice which is about
ready to go okay thank you this no you
stop yummy yummy yummy this is like a
vegetarian sweet-and-sour we have it
chicken
yeah with a sauce in yeah put the
vegetables and the chicken to pineapple
yeah yeah it's so handy the smaller one
and then they go off if we use like half
the time yeah then you put the other you
know not the jar the fridge and then my
next week is spun off yeah because
you're not or you're not gonna want to
have a twice one week exactly but the
Greens I carry one is huge
you know boy damn we're just drinking
hmm would you like a cup of green Tiger
et done that's right we have it I was
trying to make a joke I was trying to
make a joke
oh and it's right now that the food is
cooked the next most important part of
preparing a meal is to take an Instagram
off the sad meal and post it on Facebook
and Twitter
just watch the meal if you don't
Instagram it how cool is that
look it's like a turtle full moon whoo
isn't it so cool the moon is like so
full huh imagine I imagine you have the
baby tonight there's a full moon mean
anything this is maybe our baby could be
a werewolf
is their baby a werewolf his baby a
werewolf is it huh oh my God look at
this guy oh my god so with them did we
have the baby yesterday cuz we did full
moon wow what does that mean
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
