clean your face before dinner clean your
face before dinner okay I have you know
whatever benefits of to do be
wake up in the car I think I'm in the
car we are not being late go see so
buddy bit early for your obstetrician
because like hey you paid them so much
money that you feel like oh my god
you're wasting your own money and then
he is like they kind of like if your
legs are like oh so you decide is do you
not care about your unborn child or
something like I do I do so much so
we're gonna make a pun to go make them
in the go with sometimes you can end up
in an eyeline up here if I go over a
bump
this could be uh this would be the last
one
I wonder if I regret
okay what do we think about the dropping
thing because he would all we always
think it and we go in here I was like no
no we always try and do his accent he's
like Northern Irish he's from Northern
Ireland but then he spent like four ten
years or so in Australia yeah and now
he's back in court so he has a nor the
Australian cork accent I'd always like
it's not like but it maybe we fella
sonic all right Mike it's like I don't
know I can't do it like you see yeah
I think so yeah this isn't 39 weeks so I
want to only see him next week are we go
see Olli
Oh No
I'll do it yeah so I probably see it
this week and next week and maybe next
we can find their membrane sweep thing
up and it doesn't sound very pleasant
Wow doesn't seem too bad three and time
dramas around Friday that's right
oh really so twice in one week until
funny around here when you see loads of
like pregnant people walking across the
road and hanging around
it's like pregnant central it was like
the main big maternity unit look at one
of those rooms Nene's what we have Anna
Baba well by having the Baba
oh we are would you give us my ba ba ba
ba ba ba ba ba I'm gonna call it why
don't I call her papa well Benjamin well
but a bit of a little bit no no come on
come on come on I have this no no I'm
going through these lights nobody tell
anybody that I did this keep it a big
secret okay
Oh thankfully nobody watches my videos
what's big trouble Oh
so our next appointment she wrote down
was like four to September I was like no
no no no no I I think I think you
misunderstood we're supposed to baby
undeterred that's wrong will already
have the baby then oh goodness
could we know baby today off we go home
I'll see you soon maybe this week
hopefully I know what his poor little
Emma won't get to meet Amelia for quite
some time
like as long as it actually has been I
cannot believe that we're actually down
to like due dates and membranes yeah you
know at the time was like I know it's
like you a lot of you guys like oh my
god feels like yeah I know it does like
but same time it's like wasn't it just
like a few days ago we were like you
know what I mean they're the pregnancy
test
and like you know it's much as like at
the moment like you know you saying like
look if you go over I'm not gonna let
you go ten days over if you go ten days
over we're gonna be saying right come on
in here now have your baby like you know
and it's like as long as as far as that
seems away like next Monday is our two
days yeah you know and that's like oh my
god it happened so fast you know it's
like oh my god it's already here so like
in the next two weeks we're going to
have a baby
it still doesn't really come home until
you actually you know have the baby
right sighs end of a drive cycle if any
more affection to this point it's like
not really like but I will have like a
billion like the next morning when they
have you this baby ever like okay now
what I do
you enjoying my shoes there oh he got oh
yeah
he's like sitting on voted him like the
arms dad I need my finger are you gonna
chew my finger you're gonna chew my
finger is that your game your finger
sure oh here's a little bow is so cute I
don't know I think it's permanent
is it a permanent fixture Theo is it hmm
tio so cute oh okay 275 calories so an
ordinary lunch is like 400 calories that
means that I can have extra 200 calories
of like ending nice haha
that's how you have sweets and oh my god
I don't think a big turd or something I
do it
well microwave it her son so we're going
to try and induce labor again um because
my sister is going on Friday Friday guys
she's leaving on Friday for government
and then she's going to Germany I'm he's
almost going to yep so my oh my my
it's going as well and I want immune yet
to get here before they go well that
would be really cool that's like my
dream but I don't think it's gonna
happen but there's no harm in trying
a few safe safe labor inducing tricks
because I'm not gonna go down the whole
nine yards I'm not gonna like take
castor oil or any of that crazy stuff
because I just think that plus it's like
a laxative and ie oh my god that just
really freaks me out but anyways so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get raspberry
leaf tea which clipper yeah it which is
a good tea run to do it so I think it's
safe I mean I know no exam will make the
tea right yeah well pack all the bags
we'll hop in the car zip it mmm if it's
instant we'll just head straight there
yeah well it's I know it saves because
it's on my what it's actually in my what
to expect book I think and also on the
web it's all over the website as well
whether it works whether it doesn't work
I'm hoping that it will work but and I
kind of know just from the doctor's
appointment and everything that she is
not in gate there's still a little bit
of room there for her to go down further
we did say that some people just don't
even engage yeah no he's like it's not
like he could go into labor yeah but he
was happy with her size and everything
so I don't feel like we're inducing a
premature baby or anything I mean sooner
motivation of course is at internal
sweet is happening next yeah
so I'm getting the internal examination
next week I was kind of like sushi the
Midwife when we first came in because
you see the Midwife first and then the
OB and the Midwife was like
he wanted to an internal examination
today and I was just like my brain I was
like but it's I was like okay that's
perfectly fine
I have no problem with people but anyway
so she was like he's not okay you
two--you and I was like yeah I'm gonna
say I know it's nice that they actually
asked you but I'm never gonna say like
you know obviously I trust my doctor
like of course I'm gonna just you know
do whatever you need to do I don't care
but anyway so then I was kind of just
trying not to think about it in the
waiting room I was like well look if
it's gonna happens in half a month if I
wasn't even like gonna get anxious man I
was like whatever and I went in and he
checked everything and he was like okay
so next week that I'll be one day
overdue next week anyway he was like
probably do the
I will do the internal examination is
that okay with you and I was like yeah
everything's either like no no I don't
want right now I like I said I was like
on initial try and have the baby yeah
before then it was for then we don't
have to get the membrane yeah sorry I I
am noticing a slight increase in the
temperature and the weather that's
unfortunate for school-goers
isn't it it's always the same during
your like exams and your back-to-school
time is the best weather ever done walk
past this shop I always say Baker look
at them it's so fake Baker
flips Laframboise these are flipper for
this clipper
Ganic now loose green what options do we
have
energy wellness rosecrans pure this week
JT that's crazy
natural her no I said this is crazy
natural teeth
natural stings
no Danny with the option her wiser
Oh what did Stuart do no it's just kind
of detailed oh yeah because you might
use one time and find out it apparently
it's like disgusting you can get it you
can get the tablet in the destroyed
dried version of it is one time
feel like it should be here ginger
fennel artichoke what's a slippery home
hello I don't see them Nene's there's
enough a lot of stuff like well you
could be looking in the wrong place so
much stuff here oh my god look it's got
the little little tail there with them
you see us yeah they're kind of cute
little bum ruffles ruffles because we've
got a big nappy in there something for
her communion or practice oh yeah cuz
she needs a white baptism meeting I know
but a fairy
so I get a little dressy on or something
need something for Christmas Day
Christmas outfit well we can't buy that
now because we have to wait I'm gonna
bite everything then you just want to
rebuy everything again yeah you know oh
yeah Lucia Kennedy's look the combine
force play sesh more than a space
shooter our very animal kingdom no it's
more like more like this is this she can
be like her mommy she can do like Megos
though right we have an uncle problem
oh no sorry he's an ant problem our
uncle's fine this is cats
what really Oh times it could just
actually uh excuse me in my fancy phone
case it's tempest for what is still open
if anyone asks we did not go to Tesco
today that is a green screen this is
like a huge green stream we're walking
in right now we walked through it we
just browse through it we didn't
actually purchase anything or do
anything so essentially we win that's
meeting you in here
I miss venture alone B&Q don't just do
it B and Q it uh-huh all right do you
guys want to stay we need you want to
come with me
oh come with me what thank you very much
I'm feeling that I might be right here
somewhere all this stuff
coming down the point what you want to
get us was wasps nests mouse ant and
call insects
hmm that's gonna be like a powder no
water-based oh you've heard control
calling citizen I think that's like
crowd control
I'm looking for a crowd of dispersion
it's so much control you really guilty
buying the stuff now just reading the
back of this one that's like you bring
it back and they kill like the king and
the whole people and stuff I'm like
these ones him okay basically just is
deterrent you just spray it and stuff
and they just go away no come back
sounds better goodbye like killing the
whole colony to get under trays saucers
for the past one and the other one
because they always leak because they
don't have an under tray for them
I just remember cuz I had you in the
trays
we don't put it in he just pours back on
the kitchen sink I mean he's doesn't I
was looking at the a paint section as
well I was wrong me something fun to do
when Amelia's like I don't know like
eight or ten or something that like
bring her into like a paint shop and
letting her pick like her own paint
colors and then letting her design and
paint her own room it'd be so much fun
we're probably all pink you never know I
was saying imagine Amelia I designed her
own room you know would it be cured like
you know she goes in there it's like I
want and then go home and you paint then
the walls and stuff yeah so this is to
stop the leaking in the kitchen it's
like that
I thought you'd appreciate that and
that's all bad Nene is like when you
read the description in these things you
know those ones were like oh yeah like
it's bait that attracts him in and then
the ants bring her back to the Queen and
then she distributes it everyone kills
everyone I was like oh my god so this
one is crowd control you know like it
will kill a few of them but essentially
once you spray it near the nest area
they just won't come back no that's how
I feel we'll just what if we just let
them live there it could be like house
friends house mates
no no no tomorrow they just say like you
know when applying keep goldfish and
pets you read it all like witnesses keep
pets away when it went applying but then
once it's dry it's fine like plus
because of where we know where the ants
are now they're I'm they're nowhere near
the dogs like you know the dogs can't
get to where they are you know we'll
just clear clear at the area sprayed the
stuff down we should be good you
probably shouldn't be around this the
bad stuff and stuff you know taking
around the place
that seems me close there you're rooting
around I am well goodness let me fall
down and maybe we'll put my hand in
there you guys have a look can you guys
have a peek in there can you see musi
but you're going to see anything it's
really scary
all right I'm going to try and take a
photograph because I'm gonna use the
flash to force the picture so I can
actually see what's going on in there oh
god I figure I'll send you guys in there
it's better chance my god there must be
some sort of a nest or something around
here oh my god and I'm kind of
disturbing it by taking everything out
but I want to take everything that first
because anything I don't take out part
has to be thrown at once I am spray
everything down so I'm gonna save what I
can all right
don't spray it in there they all seem to
be gone now but I'm gonna leave this
closed in a while just to sort of mmm
incubated or something like that I
should let these guys in now come on
everyone get them on let's go let's go
let's go let's go
huh what's going on
I'm surprised you this open actually no
reason to close it huh what's going on
guys huh they look like the kind is like
normal
deep they look like Benghazi normal tea
respirating
alright so putting their cupcake what
you guess so
the key to Liam oh my God look at the
pink
it makes pink it makes it pink tea
funding this one like that oh my god it
smells so rice pretty like oh my god it
is it's so strong everybody has a little
bit of cold water don't have to be too
hot love Luke picket big mm-hmm it's a
completeness of tamami
it's pink just for you I put a little
bit of cold water it isn't smelly nice
yeah it smells like raspberries like
really fresh raspberries because your
sense is so strong that everything so
strong you know no tiny bit not too much
don't burn yourself put a try den one
what jokes GOP jokes do you hive
let's take I don't this ace nice you
know and all the forms everything if
it's not rightfully flavored tea he was
actually raspberry leaf yeah he's
everyone same in the forms it tastes
disgusting and stuff that's where he's
saying at the table one but yeah it's
nice
call me when you're having contractions
tell the truth
we can get take it on Saturday a
grown-up saying a baby down down with
that sort of thing
Yogi's making the potato that's his
specialty and I am making salad
everybody liked it used by August 26
mushy and growth and know what like it's
fine
I'm gonna make something solid with
tomatoes
jokerz doesn't like cucumbers not gonna
do that again
cuz he's gonna need last name and what
else olive oil
that's not vinegar and salt and pepper
and that's my dressing it's very very
easy but it's very very yummy and I'm
gonna do the salmon in the B microwave
oven because that worked really well
last time didn't it yeah perfect yeah
okay mate I need sweet filled with the
salmon on the grill thing yeah I know
go put this
he'll flip it over all writings washable
first if we might contaminate the taste
of the salmon you know
the potatoes are done it's his
perfection
the petite to the dogs with me ha fatto
it is done to perfection
I have me a Dido is done to perfection
would you like a taste of my booty ho ho
sorry I mustn't let you go go go he has
marrow to perfection Abel there's no way
of ma excitable okay OOP nice nice bit
of some
clean your face before dinner clean our
face before dinner okay
do you know whatever benefits why why
can't you have dinner with a dirty face
I get the dirty hands barb why did you
even wash your face before dinner - who
do you eat food from your face Yaman
those things
monstrous Monsters Inc oh good job
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh this thing always
reminds me of curiosity he's also on
Mars I know why he's also in Mars but
he's just just roaming about then you
guys seen some of the pictures and video
footage at all
why do you think that is amazing that
like sometimes you just watch it like he
tweets you guys should follow curiosity
on Twitter it should follow me on
Twitter okay boo boo best friends but
seriously it's not like pictures and
videos from Mars and you're sitting
there watching on your laptop or
whatever you're like that's a different
planet and this imagining joking I'm
different planet what's interesting it
is ready okay but some quick quick hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
