Oh God look at these things so sparkly
oh my gosh I know
yeah looking for the chip determines we
don't use them anymore yeah yeah you
don't use there anymore you do have a
place better it's like Cena's voices
said she has a lisp yes I'm gonna copy
this morning guys it's very sad day but
I found another one it's all it's a
happy day I've never had this one before
someone sent me this I think it was them
clippers I thought I always thought they
made tea even though it looks like a
teapot in front of it from wake up
morning's Levy's wakey-wakey so I'm
gonna try it out I just made it there
smells ease okay was a copy I'll come to
see you
regular odious odious Maximus that would
work will be way quicker yeah I don't
know they're right though but everyone I
remember them when I worked in that
events company and most of the staff and
just bring that in because it might have
its name just like making a Michael I'll
just make you part yeah you some
comments and make cards in your
microwave Cheers
thanks bye I'm not even like I was just
getting dressed and getting ready so
funny I mean yeah what happens when I
leave the window open
oh okay I need to back you and clearly
there's like dust bunnies on this anyway
I just wanted to show you guys
I'll be absolutely free set every time
Jonas does his weight because he makes
those noises like know if you can hear
him look at Albie look hey he's
shivering he's so confused he hates it
because he thinks his dad is like in
trouble or something he doesn't
understand that like it was so cute okay
dad's fine
can you guys see him shivering that's
fine there's there shaking every time he
shivers okay Toby he's not he's not
being attacked he's just doing his ways
making weird noises do not like that
sound okay get out of it and then I've
got this other weirdo seriously our dogs
Oh obvious usually like that he just
just this for the duration of when each
office is doing his that weights but you
guys curious to see what Cena's up to oh
she's just in there
she is so weird she has not thought a
night of her little funky you hear she
hasn't gotten out of it yet and it's so
annoying it's like I don't know what's
wrong with her I think it's because I
love you keeps going at her trying to
get at her cuz she's supposed to be on
her heat right now so she's going into
his emotions as a heat but she's not
actually having one if you know what it
means but um she hasn't gotten over it
yet but I saw that some of you guys on
Facebook were like oh get well soon Sina
and stuff and that was really sick
puppies are barking but yeah thank you
for that cuz I was really cute um I
don't know when she's gonna come out of
it like she comes out of it at like
certain times like if we do stuff like
you brought her for a really long
walking today and she was fine and
regard my mom says she was fine then but
then she comes home and she goes into
her little depression again so I don't
know I'm guessing she's gonna get over
it as soon as Alvey stops harassing her
and starts leaving her alone but he's
leaving her alone right now so I should
be fine
anyways are you okay is dad finished is
he done let's go let's go find dad good
let's go let's go let's go let's go he
finished Dave is finished gonna record
the pregnancy vlog I wonder is this the
last pregnancy blog we're gonna record
this is 39 with pregnancy blog just give
me the last one Nene's me yeah yeah you
never you're 41 there's not that many 14
phrases utilized on YouTube there's a
lot of yes sir yeah no just stop making
them yeah like Oh guys I actually
calculated it wrong yeah yeah it's a
leap year it is a leap year this year
cuz that add to something does that
extra day
we got did you do huh this is daddy's
working right you're the mad
good night of the old honor I did a yoga
Delphi damn I just eat yogurt instead so
I'm making Jo Fesenko know this about me
thing like that um he's on the phone at
the moment to meteor which is our phone
company whatever you call it home
surplus company and because he had put
me we're on the same like plan or
something and the same account I'm on
his account so they were supposed to
transfer over my account my plan because
it was on pay-as-you-go and then we
transferred it to bill pay and it was
supposed to happen like three days ago
and it never happened so I have like two
phones at the moment I have my old phone
I have my old phone and my new phone and
my new phone works but I has a temporary
sim in it so when they're supposed to
transfer it over that's him then Mike is
gone and you know I don't use it anymore
but he's just taking so long
every time I want to send a text message
or like cuz I don't want to change my
number that was the whole point was that
we weren't gonna change numbers I have
to use my old phones it's so annoying
because I have like internet on one and
I'm using one the better one the iPhone
4s and then I'm using that iPhone 3G or
whatever then it's called for messages
and like if someone calls me or anything
so it's super annoying but anyways
dopest once crazy because oh I'm just
talking someone's like crazy because he
he's pretty fussy about in his lunches
and stuff he only would need like sprays
days or
I think he likes the tuna thing from the
Italian so we're actually gonna go to
the Italian shop now and we're gonna get
like a crapload of tuna salad thingies
for him to eat because you always run
out because the Italian shop isn't
somewhere we've got week over eight very
often so we're gonna do that and then I
think we're gonna go to Davos am I gonna
get some makeup I'm so excited
um cuz I have a little list and then
yeah and then we have to go to Tesco
again because I never got prenatals I
need to get my iron supplement and some
of their stuff oh I hate going to Tesco
thanks seriously seriously hate it like
we go there all the time and no matter
how many times I make a list somebody
forgets something or there's just
something that we've forgotten about it
or we need to go back for or whatever I
seriously do not understand what we
always end up the caprese is done now we
need to deliver it it's not right Bianca
yes that is right these things these
smoke alarms I know they're poorly
internal but they really do a good job
of making you put a new battery in them
but even though I've taken the thing out
in the battery yet it's still gonna beep
once a minute every you see isn't even
in you but the design is supposed to be
like super annoying serious like it's
like I will I will set you on fire
I don't want looking up cause it's right
here a solution smoke alarm but I should
probably change the battery anyway push
the test don't ever push that button I
posted this thing what it would do it
definitely blood streamed from my ears
and all sorts of orifices
there was no mucus plug no what are you
guys doing alright I think we need to
get out of here yep
cuckoo cuckoo whoops whoops
what of it look you've seen see back to
her old self
huh a normal dog normal don't see news
is back to normal back to her crazy ways
happy camper see the water due to water
now so it's probably um first day back
to school for a couple of you guys how
is that working out for you
sorry sorry to hear sorry to hear about
that summer holidays over I know Ricky's
back in school on Tuesday Oh
Wednesday is it Oh Monica Spector
Tuesday I know wasn't market throw Sheen
is back on Tuesday like oh my goodness
that was like it just feels like that
somewhere we were just kept waiting for
it to start yeah you know all summer
long we just kept waiting for it to
start and look at this huh
first day back for everybody Sun in the
sky I mean and it's funny because not
only is it back to school for the kids
it's also back to school for the parents
yeah you know because I know momma
Schneider's is kind of like oh no
student starts getting too used to get
up every morning and drive Araki and
it's kind of funny when you look at it
that way you know it's like Amelia okay
we've got like I don't know what five
years before she rolls in school and
then she was quickly their teacher South
had to drive and then she can just drive
herself that's what Kate Beckinsale only
said because she can't drive yeah but
she's giving up you moved to LA then and
then she was
I don't want my kid right no one else is
driving and then she was like well my
daughter is like I think her daughter is
like I don't know 11 12 or some things
like she's almost at the age so she can
just pray yeah yeah but I might as well
waited at this point you come and so if
you just started school on in America
they started or the Germany I think
Germans go back first I think some
people have comments say they were back
like last week or something yeah
and the University folk have got another
month month and a half even late October
usually he's let me kick in but let's go
get our paragraph
Peregrin see I know you take the
prenatals continuing after but do you
take the ferret right
I think so
she probably anyway that's
unfortunate I thought that was the end
all that kind of malarkey
no no imagine water broke right now in
the shopping center
yeah I don't think this out I wanted to
ask you anymore yeah
yeah maybe oh yeah oh the sample thing
is that in the glassy box yes did you
like it do you want to get a whole one
yeah when did you go in here like a tear
what
okay just get it in the end
you don't need the on one because you
get the fair guy yeah
oh look so a breastfeeding one 30 day
course we see I get pregnant carrots
okay you get laughing Oh
posted 11 but they're all pregnant care
mmm okay
chu I'll practice the oh yeah I'm
breastfeeding okay there's so much fun
does she does she give him to her to
baby toddler their old
can you get what he's like quiet before
Jesus okay yeah yeah
do you see the Farrakhan see we're
seeing these things before this go walk
go walk the crazy like they don't like
these four girls or four guys
hmm oh my god like I must have those no
I was like I kind of like them but now I
can't have them now I need them and need
them in my life
but evidence might have them oh my god
they're just a maintenance of air it's
just when you pick them off you're like
hell no they're not like horse riding
for me maybe in the actual like sketcher
shop that was like two doors down for
such idiots and like a ten or cheaper as
well throw me there sixty five minutes
out
I thought that my face so they started
off with Thomas then I got arms and
there you can get father's everybody has
them they're really cool
I get these ones they want to get my
part in there we know God look at these
things
it's very good I know that's okay yeah
so did a quick swap it in the car
what
no no no lies lies it doesn't travel
well guys you can only get that from
Pasquale
which we were gonna go to today but we
didn't because I'm going to buy a
lifetime supply of pronto con gusto
if I need it I'm gonna eat it every day
I don't care what anyone says don't get
a leaky one but when you guys think of
my sketches and they they're so cool
they're like so bouncy it's like I don't
know go into a shoe shop right pretend
you're gonna buy it like oh can I just
try them on and just like bounce around
to shock me like oh my god they're so
bouncy dough feels right aren't even
cold bands named Ben it'd be so cool and
you could be an ammonia over to your
uncle named Ben's house for dinner you
can be like oh we're gonna Uncle Ben's
for dinner what's uncle been making for
dinner they'll be so cool and then if
you had an uncle called Ben
yeah but it's your Uncle Ben have one or
our share words any 100 in Tesco I
believe test or probably amazing at it
now but annoyed Lloyd no you died he got
salmonella yeah but that was a chicken
one look there's no food in this or
there's no chicken it's no no that was
there is but then how could someone have
got some olive oil it was really good
why you kill people Lloyd why do you
kill people
well I take the risk it's that again I'm
 cooze actually get some of these
John Westing sick someone have to
comment if LSU dad check these out mmm
three girls pretty expensive are it
three years but isn't it pontal three
years for - it's for one okay tell you
what
we'll get one alright and if I like it
tomorrow we'll get more if not tune-up
potato sweet corn red pepper and pasta
that then kill me tuna pasta chart
onions I'm not a big onion fine
I love black pepper sweet corn pass that
crunchy water chestnut I didn't check
sounds like I can have Frenchy water
that sounds nice to rock and that's a
wild salmon chickpeas mixed peppers
carrots hello
it's a same price
what's bulgur wheat it's that little
thing there it's a green it's like
bigger than okay Simon one I've first
time in over Tina I just like the
Pentagon who stuff is just drenched in
olive oil and stuff that's what makes it
we always get the house plan well I try
to Colombia balance the nutty lively
imbalanced well they're both balanced
yeah I've never tried this one or
remember I'm sure I have
oh wait a second blonde medium dark
Colombia's medium what's the house one
and the exact same okay alright we'll
try to Colombia then and set I've never
been to Colombia yeah they're the same
as my t-shirt
classic American snacks from Penn State
perfectly baked delicious pretzel nuts
yum yum these are dragon honey so if we
eat these this is what they taste like
from people from Penn State different
pens that you've been comment oh oh wait
a second tutoring nothing ever you got
too late yeah but hold on a second
really guys I got this one I don't know
because even the natural ones whose job
is buying it seemed kind of greasy or
something to me I don't know so I'm
gonna try these ones that no hard to do
good watch TVs are tastier I like I like
drive up though
alright so we're getting some bones but
we're also gonna get some shoes
they do have to I refuse maybe to have a
shoe fetish so I get injured of course
we have to get six of them though
because it'll be fighting never be
fighting there always be fighting who
has the biggest food shoe fetish who
wants the shoes he owes is it a toy is
it a toy and a treat a treats toy what
is this
yeah I know what kind of magic is this
kind of sorcery and witchcraft is this
it's kinda actually like a foot all
right we got a shoe in two bones each
alright guys outside outside outside
outside okay now you're ready for your
treat cos you're a fairy gts who will I
give it to the first person do sit sit
sit sit sit sit
oh just Carol okay who wants a shoe t
you're kind of a shoe you can have that
I think there it's already here's one
hey who didn't get one seal see what the
others want to share now there's bones
here they're all just a pendant if
they're more of a long-term treat
they'll be here for years to come the
garden happy is are you we got so many
you go good girl you're gonna have that
Albie can I have that can I have that
shoe mm-hmm you gonna growl at me
you wanna growl at me oh you wouldn't
would you pick a shoe
you know they say the shoe fits how nice
so the Nance decided to eat chicken
again quite me don't need chicken or
turkey it's bad that's all I need more
energy
I find the corn doesn't do that but it's
still probably wouldn't order chicken I
don't know but I've always been like
that
but I'm their free range by the way yeah
dad a good life never gonna have a good
dinner I'm gonna track them up though no
I read I haven't steaks or burgers New
Year's Eve it'll be two years since we
got red meat that's crazy
I like your moves lady whoa what was one
of the things we'll save on the booty
shake or something shake your booty what
how do you even shake your booty just
what the fine is booty shaking I don't
even have a booty I know I don't like
this shake your booty what sell alright
let's chop this up wouldn't it be nice
if through the light there fried a
little chicky enough add a little chin
up he's like both finger come out of it
normally it's used to be Quorn around
here I miss the smell it's chopping up
some red pepper
Nathan's bin what ready for peppers
then if I could do you want onion as
well Oh myself it doesn't like
vegetables funny it is not a vegetable
but yeah we're having Takeda's so I got
some tortilla which let's see anyway if
you do them in the air
yeah the microwave at full power no no
no oven
so my present like open denied
ambassador's your tears and spoiler and
place in a preheated oven at 180 for 10
minutes I better do that now let's add
some sauce some whatever path so the
luego all their path saw nothing to
worry about
five-second rule yum yum yum is not like
pasty is for all the timing of it all
when hello I get a steamy situation we
have here yum yum yum yum yum mmm
whatever you want buon appetito
although Joey hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
