because apparently long walks induce
labor haha we're gonna do this we're
having the baby today guys tell me and
this blog today we're having the baby
I think it's time for a vacuuming could
you manager where does the dirt come
from I don't know I don't know I think
what it's unopened oh my god I must have
fallen there I'm just gonna go ahead and
open it so Tony Accardo so all the cards
and to think I almost missed that this
is from oh my god how cool is this from
lily or from Essex all right Lily I
don't know di look at the Essex accents
that is so funny oh my good she's there
hey there's not so funny oh my goodness
go and show Nina's that turns out
cleaning your car can yield you rewards
okie dokie train configure the thing so
then actually you think that's at a
better angle I'm not gonna start it I
don't know why man I'm gonna keep this
just in case I want to get another one
cuz I thought that are really good SGP
cases they already good but i thought i
expel actually well i think i was like
60 euros so six zeros is probably about
$90 yeah I suppose it is quite expensive
but so nice I love it I love it so much
mmm nice and clean Mike and I can put
the little doggie thing it's not a cute
car so once again I'm gonna give it a
quick disinfectant wipe down or
everything nice and clean for Amelia's
arrival I should probably should
probably practice
doing what
that's the question eight on I see it's
cozy I suppose I should take these off
but I feel like I don't take them off
until we're actually gonna use them I
don't know why I don't know why he's a
little far he's swatted a fly to catch
the spider what's the deal way around
yeah like a shining is one still a
little bit wet from the disinfectant too
careful cuz that's there it's gone I'm
always afraid of those air bag ones gets
to explode and before your flasks I have
turned off the air bag over here and the
air bags at the back and off in case we
have a crash and Amelia gets squished
not so much cleaner it's all disinfected
I don't know why but I am you just I
don't know it's just we had them for
inside cleaning surfaces I didn't mean
to get antibacterial but anyway it's
done shiny shiny cars oh it's always a
little bit in here the stuff you find in
cars is crazy isn't it but we always
have one of these like I'm gel aloe vera
because you know when you go to like a
petrol pump or something like that or
you know them you've changed it you put
air in the tires you do something and
then you're back in the car and you're
like oh crap my hands dirty and that's
why I like the staying with us probably
oh it's the most disgusting part of a
car or you know things that you touch
all the time that's how we have this
here we am we use it keep our hands nice
and disinfectant disinfectant because
did you know that um we never really get
sick myself and I know II am maybe once
a year somewhere I might catch a cold
sometimes I'll even get away with it
going from like even years and that's
because I think it's like I wash my
hands all the time and I always use
these little guys because that's how
diseases and stuff is spread because you
don't need like we go to anywhere
anywhere public and you open the door
you known as escalators never put your
hand
oh I never put my hand on the actual
escalator thing because you know the
last things that you touch because
that's that's our feelers you know
that's the human feeler and that's how
humans spread stuff so just wear gloves
and never touch people you pee ground
sighs pitchman at the car and I found an
envelope that we never opened from the
Popo look at it
isn't that cool I know I banned it like
Anna and they opened it I was like on oh
my god so cool accent oh and I think
it's all the puppies that was taken
right just to go true yeah well they're
in Savannah the quality ones you know
any Instagram ones it's so cool though
isn't it
I know ladies at some point you would
have never known I did not have clean in
the car
I know you often that little thing
where's now only one of them fits in
there now look
Nevaeh Nevaeh it's so different
she's changed so much we end up
photographing Nevaeh all the time only
because she's the one that kind of poses
and stay still yeah and she was a stay
there you know and that's why you in a
picture and her all the time does that
happen know when you have kids you got
loads of kids getting the photograph
from one of them more than the others
and then one day you realize that and
then you have to like you know like I
remember in my house we had this little
tree thing kind of like this but it was
like a three of three pictures I need
you to picture like a leaf because
myself sounded rude were born and like
almost four years later he was born yeah
so everything around the house was three
three kids three kids three time done
you know and there was never anything of
Leah
my parents are wooden they realize
they're like oh god what have we done it
senators like loads of pictures
this is tricky Eric and her foot are
coming around to walk they're puppies
sewed up I have happy and Sina stuff in
here but I'm trying to hide it I think a
B and C to know itself but the puppies
don't know I'm trying to hide everything
and we're gonna take these two on a walk
because apparently long walks the juice
labor haha we're gonna do this for half
of the baby today guys telling you end
this vlog today we're having the baby
okay that's it you've had enough now
okay guys you ready you gonna mind the
house you getting my neuroses Xena I
don't know we haven't got time
unfortunately mine the house take one
pass along take one pass it along - lets
go Albie Xena let's go let's go let's go
win the house mind the house little
monsters okay now we're it here Erica's
gonna walk them maybe okay okay that's
just about the car you see I'll be seen
about
kind of see I'll be in the mirror oh
there is too dirty in there
hi Cena Cimiez tonight a new pool
I used one of them the groomers both
because first didn't get all wreck oh
the puppies ruined fares
I used the puppies for a dollar in front
of me oh sorry oh yeah I used the
groomers bow because I'll be slipped
yeah we're going obviously got a blue
bow and the blue leaves and Cena's got a
pink bow in the pink leave there's so
cute come on it's so easy to walk to
this walk is disappearing slowly artist
a speedily rate actually gone come on
come on come on come on there's a kid
run under the dog behind as obvious I
couldn't like that finally he just finds
the family there well they just passed
us near there puts them up there they
have like four kids and two dogs we have
four dogs oh no we have six dogs and one
kid but it's close goats come on come on
come on slowpoke come on slowpoke come
on you want to be known as the poker oh
crap literally crap oh that's so nice
it's so beautiful every time I look at
it I just got like what we had a kayak
or something or like a catamaran or in
tall ship and you guys go to the tall
ships in Dublin you guys see it we can't
do anything it's media's fault she's
such a downer debbie downer
yeah that's fine more to the point
that's the funny thing about it like
even though the dogs are kind of going
over a bit with Amelia like even from
the moment we leave the hospital we can
go anywhere with her bring her anywhere
okay you can't bring on a roller coaster
but apart from that you can which would
bring her anywhere like yeah it's funny
oh my god they still have them cut the
grass maybe but it still seems pretty no
oh my God look at that Lake forming
there that River it's a river
there's estuaries and what was that
thing remember nothing in geography
oxbow lake remember when like something
would erode and it would create an oxbow
lake that's just what's a piece of Oh No
oh my god okay um dear Jeff sorry yeah
we're gonna need the book see in the
back you know Monday don't encourage
Abby to go in there yeah yeah yeah we're
closing off we only start putting the
wrong key to the public okay Ally Oh God
ed you go alright go find a better home
he's the chair a dog oh she should write
toy zoom then room instead just walking
she was so white a little pink boa like
no me leave like that
it's okey you know when kids have like
little cute girls and then they have
like big well he's on and like jumping
in puddles it's always so cute
oh really
oh yeah
remember that time they ran home that
was scary mmm so we're we're halfway any
yeah any signs of contractions or labor
but I think it's more like an exercise
and exercise cramp you know I'm
exercising like yeah it's not like all
the way around and on my back or
anything all right well we're halfway
you never know you never know I mean it
could be born on the walk keep you guys
with data because today is today we're
having to baby today we're having a baby
in Joe Mike you park no the rain that
has cometh cometh the rain and wash away
my pain I have no pain so you can just
go ahead and go away happy awesome I
know he's so puffy yeah and he's like
brush down and I know oh okay well we
join a wait in their tree for a minute
and see if it goes away
yeah okay abort abort
see these can't run huh
at least the media's dry is she tray
okay Mia no yeah so see this play
doesn't really mind too much we could
wait under this one or join a walk back
to the forest area no this are meant
yeah walk back here to the first good
wait here or we could walk back to the
first do you rabbits
well what's up deck shave no no no the
shade right here yes sir
what is not good probably end hello
hello horsey the horse yeah I know she's
met that horse before is it Y or Z yeah
probably wouldn't even see it
then blind as a bash that man
think it over to be able to see the
horse
come on Xena Xena hates this bridge
well she hates when kids jump on the
jump on bridge bounty rich marine has
sort of ceased they soak in oh my god
look at the back of my pants oh okay
that's why you are shorts nice you are
shorts on rainy days guys not summer
days oh no you right I want to rainy day
say do you forget that though I remember
my jeans were cool they ever wore my
jeans
I'm a reason to wear these white jeans
but they're like the rain mark would
sort of I don't know it sort of moves up
your leg so by the time you get home
because they're really baggy when super
baggy jeans were cool as well ex works
for ex works didn't you come when you
guys had a pair of experts I did they
are like huge baggy jeans but they had
like a huge thing on the side which is
like I don't know like I think the pole
or something
he was like journey like the rave the
rave era
I'd like 93 or something but em yeah I
was like sick oh yeah okay well I was
like 13 or something so okay so I looked
up I'm actually setting on Facebook and
Twitter I was like guys what are D and D
and juicy techniques and I got this link
which we've gone over to this website 29
ways to induce labor at home walking
galloping acupuncture pressure point
spicy food sex nipple stimulation
pineapple dancing squatting relaxing
meditation or visualization how'd that
work evening primrose a red raspberry
leaf tea castor oil herbs black and blue
co-hosts massage glass of wine stripping
the membrane which I think we might get
I think our OB is gonna do that at 41
weeks in Iran for when they're gonna let
you go obviously the 40 weeks in CVG
didn't actually and then after that I
think he's gonna do that
marching upstairs and it does that lock
rent a sad movie and cry like crazy
everybody tell you a real sad story a
really bumpy car ride dancing and
stretching on a birth or exercise ball
swimming mowing the lawn or picking up
weeds or about picking a poop in the
garden like inside minutes and on half
saree on it says here you have to pick
up poop and it has to do all these
things every day you do actually did it
jump on the swing is that we don't have
a swing talk to your baby and tell him
or her it's okay to come out now but
they don't understand English yeah cuz
it's a like obviously every child is
it's nonspecific in its language like if
she came out and Anna's only spoke spoke
Italian to her didn't she be an Italian
speaker you know what's really funny
movie and laugh until you pee get down
on all fours and shake your booty I
don't know leave me some comments guys
of any anything dad or I didn't mention
because I tell you we are 39 weeks
tomorrow and we're doing a Turing week
pregnancy blog let's see if that's the
last pregnancy blog okay I I do not want
to do a four-degree pregnancy blog okay
we can do this are you the only one in
here huh oh my goodness me at home in
time just in time everyone's into here
like hi thank you
see now see not seen this but under the
shadow scene the club has seen it come
on Xena yeah I don't understand I came
in oh my god is storming and she's just
icier what's really young Kobe's no see
these what's why don't you I always act
so weird sometimes
hmm you're not better
hmm now you're shivering because you're
underneath all you're doing underneath
is share it for in the Wayne huh we're
doing on you they're breaking my heart
okay you know let's go see you know
upstairs come in come in to me Porter
Hey she pulled my pants down pull my
pants down every time I go into
different rooms I find everything has
been taken out thank you this this is
Anna I'm Emma when I held you there okay
yeah oh I'm sorry
all right hurry keys I don't wait for it
why don't you under immediate look like
that Wow make sure you still kind of
look the same
oh my god how old is he that's like new
boy anymore because that's exactly what
she looked like when she came in she
doesn't look like Ricky's now it's
amazing isn't it yeah she definitely was
there when she's a year old I think he
was he's so cute
January I knew this was taken but she
changed loads in that year but you
really didn't that's just the difference
I'm like that's what I'm eating I would
be like you know tiny and then cuz I
don't think she was walk like this time
next year I mean it would look like that
but names now looks like that you're
wearing a bib and everything and I don't
think she was walking I think she's made
me crawling so I think maybe here she's
like this was in oh my god with her
stroller that Galway I don't know it's
like oh no I'm on holiday so maybe like
July and she was born in January so
they're very March April May June
yeah she's like six months it kind of
makes sense she does look a bit six
months maybe a bit more but yeah so I
think she was just a newborn in this
Edna and my uncle's house I have an
uncle that lives in Cork hey and my mom
she goes remember I don't even know I
think we showed it my mom knitted Amelia
it's like white it's one of a cardigan
like a little sort of cardigan is really
cute you know and but she knitted it in
white because at the time she started it
when she found out we were pregnant but
she didn't know it was gonna be Amelia
or it was gonna be read to them we're
saving that name for later
and turns out it was Amelia so she
decided to go and actually knit herself
an actual pink one but she use some sort
of a sparkly pink I don't know she
changed she got it kind of work she said
she needed it and like sparkly pink
stuff first I know it's got like buttons
and also a glitter and everything you
know maybe sharable I am super excited
so she gave us my uncle down section my
godfather from him she gave to clean
about a week or so ago and I just keep
forgetting to go and collect it so he
doesn't live too far away from us so I
said like look I'll just nip out and get
that today because you never know cuz I
wanna make sure to have it one in the
hospital because I don't know it's kind
of cute you know and it's a made by my
mom so sentimental I suppose but um I'll
show you guys in a minute when I get it
I got it oh look the blood just went
live oh no wait doesn't it not straight
anyway first it's like not that I put in
front of the thing today oh is it my dad
is crazy my dad is a shotgun or
something like that
she's so one first first look at this
thing right well you check this out oh
it's so sparkly look do you guys see the
sparkles oh let's pull it up here you
guys see the sparkles he's so cute don't
leave you guys can actually see the
sparkles but the whole thing is like
super sparkly oh so cute Oh media's
gonna love it thanks mom oh look you can
kind of see the sparkles sparkly and
it's going to love it oh he's so cute
you ready to show ninis look what
grandma made now I don't know if you're
gonna like yeah I don't know if you're
gonna like it like it's not really your
kind of a thing
hope it's okay though I hope you like it
you're saying it's I don't know if the
blog shows the sparkle so isn't it so
epic old Sparkle I know look a small it
is that is so cute
how did she know I have no idea like how
does she know the size and stuff I have
no idea it's stretch you know cuz it's
like yeah it looks perfect though
that is so cute oh my god I'm gonna put
this in the hospital bike Toad's she can
wear it with them everything else in
there is big too I thought it'd look
nice with a pair like black leggings
look at cute though I was like oh my god
and is going to love this
cuz it's sparkly is it gonna how do you
knit sparkly and you buy it the wool my
brush you showed me the whoa
Oh your vise practically wool yeah the
buttons like are so adorable I feel like
I feel like it's too cute to even wear I
know I know you know well you have spin
up big things yeah you probably put that
on when people come over and then take
it off immediately afterwards yeah you
know practically know what's in because
she has so much stuff in here but I have
to see what I'm gonna put it with and
she has a little hat that she did oh yes
oh it took you in it yeah hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
we'll be ah
