boys back away my daughter my dad was a
shotgun take it
my dad has anger management problems
you're head of your little funk you know
I was in a funk
today she just got out of it yeah I
think she's okay now you okay good girl
good girl good girl she I don't know
what it is I think maybe right now she
should be going through a heat but
obviously she's neutered or she's spayed
um so she doesn't have it anymore but
she still kind of goes through the
motions of like make she doesn't bleed
or anything obviously but I'll be it's
super interested in her or maybe it's
just the fact that she was just washed
because last time and groomed is tough
because last time when we went to the
groomers last month
Alvie was like always trying to you know
go at her and hump her and do things to
her so we have to keep separating them
but she went into like a state of
depression last night what she does from
time to time that's really where it
seems like such an upbeat dog but then
sometimes she has these like I don't
know she just goes into like a state of
depression and she all did go into a
little corner and just I think actually
that's what she's doing right now she
might not be completely out of it
yeah look she's looking for a little
space seeing she's got all quiet I think
she's almost over it though right good
girl but it started last night she
started like she wouldn't even come up
to my pillow or anything which they
usually sleep on our pillows she's good
some wine and obviously belonging to
offices but she wouldn't even come up to
me like she was just like really weird
and like every time I her eyes go
already white and she's just so like
depressed that's the only way I can
describe it and she'll sit in like weird
spots throughout the house like they're
like she will never usually sit there
that's just weird for her I just kind of
like sometimes she shivers sometimes she
just like stares at up at me like she's
just I don't know she's weird
so let me know if you guys have dogs
that do that I think it's cuz I'll be
without her and she just didn't like it
and she was just like leave me alone but
now I can tell she's kind of getting out
of
a little fun so that's good you okay CDs
Heil me Heil the cups so um Joe fees
students might get and I still have not
done the dishes the breakfast dishes ah
your new house has a dishwasher
did you take your stuff down
okay so we are going to wash the
breakfast dishes do it them down mommy
it's actually kind of a nice day today
well it's dry early so that's good
because that means pumps can on the
outside hey puppies in you there okay
let's go down guys step this here and
then I need to do some I need to make
lunch because I'm starving come on good
game okay I'm starving so I'm going to
make lunch and then I need to vacuum and
dust the hall and landing but javanese
do the stairs I can't do them anymore
because I am a cripple
so I've decided I'm gonna make myself a
crazy it's the same thing I had
yesterday but yeah yeah
Nevaeh has a bone and Bianca wants it if
you just stop that you just stop and
Cena's still depressed seeing Nevaeh's
in there with a little bone yeah and
look at Theo
reshuffle my hip oh look his bows like
hanging off by like the ends of his hair
he looks so funny and it's so cute
because - daddy longlegs yeah it's only
because Alfie and Theo are the two only
two boys and they're the ones whose ball
is stuck in how ironic is that
like that only I was just washing the
dishes and I just get out of breath just
from standing here for a long period of
time you feel like getting to sit down
while washing the dishes and washing up
is not even something that I ever need
like I know I said oh I love it - Tasha
obviously I look at dishwasher it's like
handy and convenient but it's actually
not a toy that I really hate like I
don't really mind doing dishes at all
I'm usually the one who does that much
me because I like it you know doesn't
bother me at all but I just can't
believe how a breath I get for like no
reason it's so crazy haha okay I'm gonna
make my lunch and eat it and I need to
clean up oh my god cuz it was pouring
rain yesterday so um nope oops but like
somebody knocked
nope oops got cleaned up announced
raining again with great so there's a
ton of poo in our garden and like you
have to do it every day if you have six
dogs that there's just no way around it
and I wanted to do it yesterday but it
was pouring rain so I couldn't and now
it's raining and you can't really do it
when it's wet like you kind of have to
do it when it is dry for obvious reasons
gross reasons so I wanted to do that
well I don't want to do it but now it's
raining ah we're gonna have a pool
garden there's my caprese sandwich yum
yum yum
what's going on here huh sorry sorry
sorry
look at look at Nene's little on don't
allow everything always wants to normal
you are don't get knees a lap little
kingdom look polar I showed him the
kingdom in trouble I've shown in the
intro I'm not bullying you whine you
told me every night which are little
excitement to you one presses wave
bridge I let me manage can you say here
let me see me go get some George Foreman
thinker she's always asking for them
punk is the only thing available right
now running at a time
whoa you so many floors you got it hmm
what does that do oh my game guys
you gonna stay here and play this all
day you gotta come with me my horse
she need to change my shirt being but
there's pee on it did you pee in herself
omission because Amelia
I don't actually know how old
mm-hmm you know we're like eight days
today right eight days so TT - go go
time
oh yeah well then he said ten days older
so we're 18 days the most it's something
here maybe an arm maybe and I will just
say either way like pretty much in the
next two weeks we're definitely going to
have her yeah he's not crazy
there's only two weeks left it just
keeps changing shape that's huge that is
mm-hmm must be an elbow no cuz she's
upside down ya know it's pulling in here
come on we gotta go we gotta go he's
good this one yeah this is the little
game that I always play it's called the
trading game I'm gonna dump all the ones
seems road that was awesomely fun that
was awesomely fun that was awesomely fun
that was awesomely fun that was complete
waste of money owed by this game is the
only game I've ever played and I didn't
even finish it
it was so crap which is crappiness
that's awesome and Crysis mm and killed
on feel awesome st. George is awesome
and am I in a little collection just
diesel call my keeper collection I don't
know it looks it's kind of a creeper
tone I really enjoyed it so I'm like mmm
I'll probably keep it or put it over
there and it's sort of thought thinking
about but these are my my devil keepers
this is my deco keeper pile so black ops
but that's not in the box right that
Redemption because you can always turn
it on have fun same reason Grand Theft
Auto always turn on have fun Far Cry 2
one of my favorite games ever created I
love free roam and patience that's
involved in fire fighter eh no it's
amazing I have waited about four years
for Far Cry 3 to come out Far Cry 3 is
coming out at the same time as Amelia so
yeah I'll never get the blade
battlefield 3 I keep that because for
online purposes
for the coop and modern warfare 3 same
reason for online only and this is like
the first game I ever got my PlayStation
3 and this is like I never play it
anymore but I feel like this was the
start of something the whole world of
computer gaming and online gaming
changed with the release of this game I
feel like you have to keep it you have
to keep it oh yeah black ops I got the
prestige edition so it's somewhere over
there but um let's go swap them out
keeping it something new and exciting
and fun way to make it make the noise
okay let's go look we got another polish
stylers how much do these work each oh
nothing mm-hmm yeah like a dealer now I
look suspicious if I go in with this
manually what a beautiful son he's
around here somewhere I think she said
she's heading to do don't want us
colossal maybe you guys have Douglas
right now
where was she said which I was going to
focus
she's a chancer don't you guys that's
letting me leave like yeah right but I'm
gonna what we're gonna do is that when
she's born before she realized that
although she's probably watching us
right now I'm just like oh my god I
can't believe you did that dad we're
gonna install a GPS tracking device
inside of her her foot or something like
that
no and it's got like I'm an awareness
device so we can track it like boys are
near her and the alarm goes off boys
back away from my daughter boys back
away my daughter hope you like my dad
was a shotgun take it
my dad has anger management problems at
each step I'm as cool as Justin Bieber
yeah JB I'm j/sj yeah done every time
he's like Justin Timberlake though I saw
an interview he says exactly like Justin
Timberlake all just remember like no
yeah exactly where he were like oh my
god Jovi you're exactly like Justin
Timberlake I'm like yeah I know I
completely a.m.
model myself of him he doesn't
just that sound yeah that kind of thing
exactly and both of them are very like
me full circle which one pets
zim pets I think after you have to have
all the other isms to go with her
unfortunately oh oh battleship the film
was amazing but I never even heard of
the games don't actually have that I
like I enjoyed that one and that one
home for this terrible sound who knows
okay Eleanor
your friend is enough yeah mine Jack hmm
considering the same to the flavor
probably not good I never get into it
but when we said it's epic I need
something that I can do but at the same
time raise a child okay
September 2nd it's so fun
look at this that's the most exciting
fun awesome so look what I got right for
the grand total of 99 cents cuz I traded
it in like sniper Bernie was a 50 year
old game that I paid in 99 cent for buy
it play it trade it that's his joke he
does that was awesome that was I love
when I know when I want to get something
without having to pay for it it just it
makes the game better already I feel
like I've won with that game oh yeah
it's cash in time it's what you want
to run a big one I was thinking two big
ones two little ones so one of these
one of these we're not gonna have room
in our Charlie anymore after we do this
kudos and then to these yeah definitely
I don't have room nope Oh is there
scratch that
look at my Charlie full of bags Charlie
Blue Byte bike full of Charlie full of I
think you have to go to a person know I
don't even know the self-service put
your hair
no just tell her tell her tell her we
got the tokens so cool get a better look
at ya yeah when she put a true before we
gave all the tokens in that was 760
euros worth of luggage oh my goodness
that's a lot of luggage it was a really
good yeah I think we paid about 200 or
something but like 700 euros like now
now all we need is a nice vacation spot
I don't think I'm very well at it I've
found a better process it's called the
moisture there nice
we got served by our savers oh yeah
she's polish it was something like that
I can't really yeah yeah you're gonna
sell back you nice man
yeah that's cute
awaiting them and I'll have my capable
yeah my leopard-print can't have kids
yeah you're gonna get one too actually
what I'm gonna make it special Sakuni
Jolie when I'm gonna make you up Motors
they're so cool they're all made some
like all recyclable yeah my GTR knows
your sitting room wall is like bash of
TVs imagine what's on its off watching
the same way but Navi cupcakes I think
just for science we should get them you
know just for science we should we
should sure about the lime and coconut a
cookies and cream blackforest
what about science Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim
Jim Jim Jim Joe Jim janji Jam Jam little
chip chip this is with the Irish town
looks like everybody look over it Irish
jam I go and Biddy it's a bit of geminus
cardinal Norris cannon jam without
majesty someone's having a scone craven
craven the whole scones it's gone is it
because I said it's going did your head
you're like that's it I've got to have
it look for the whitest with the most
sultanas troops going for pack hmm don't
you have look the best but they take
they are
even predator this one's got sofrito
all right TPJ no no this is a pretty
good ratio okay and we have jam your
like for News Now to dislike leave some
common stuff perfectly here in Ireland
of what the best one to get is like Emma
Emma gets these things American popcorn
it have like an American accent or
something how many American popcorn
popcorn pleasure do you get pops yeah I
feel I can get some
Oh Malcolm Maltesers again the boxer huh
that's why I married her guys she's full
of all the genius ideas
it is amazing all the things all the new
food groups that have become available
to us there for two years having a
microwave or in Loco you've had an open
but honey
convection oven the Seiko capture yeah
focaccia
oh my cries just get it for science you
know wouldn't this is like it's becoming
a scientific journey I think we should
just do it now okay
and the Nina just pull the pull the
funding on our science expedition you
know I'm gonna make the Galway
pretzels don't know why they'd
interested so peaceful and tranquil even
though it's just a motorway I know the
Sun and I don't know that's making me
feel sleepy
Hey look at them all I'll give you a
laptop bag I'm gonna sit out clean these
ones and that's my ones and it's for the
laptops as well isn't that so cool
they're so nice
Wagner ooh I can put a shirt in there
that is so cool
we have our own it's the first time like
cuz we found it like I have like a
suitcase and years ago and then Ana has
one from her mom I think isn't for her
dad Jeremy but now we have a full set of
her own plus you own your walk into the
you're walking qtm the airport and stuff
they be all matchy-matchy have you
tsimko opposed to be easy to spot when
they're coming through the conveyer
thing as well that's so cool yay hey now
we have our place now I'm going to do is
go somewhere on holidays right we're
going on at ease are you going on
holidays or should we have a baby
what's up what's up buck huh what's
up huh what's up guys
whoa so um mm-hmm
fingerprints fingerprint ins no powers I
would like some plastic ball repairs for
best results always baked from frozen
okay
prettier than a bacon cated 200 degrees
Celsius
well let's bitchy that cheese she's bad
200 degrees Celsius um next uh a fan
oven occupation oven room at ER
practicing these playing foil trains
probably posh should not put the foil in
the microwave because they would eat Oh
a couple of questions about this guy's
that's not a mental if that was metal
the microwave will have blown up by now
okay I'm not an idiot most of your time
because these bad boys are frozen or not
frozen like it's a raw look I'm actually
gonna put them in the air the old school
oh gosh
the old school oven and I'll put Nene's
in India von porcini is what's wrong
Xena
sometimes she does this she has these
days where she's just like what's wrong
hmm wrong with you is there it's not
wrong with you is there huh those deal
it's just a cutie pie please mm-hmm
yeah-hoo yeah-hoo yeah-hoo someone in
the comments said that I I think senior
doesn't sound like Bosco fun fact my
aunt was one of the presenters in Bosco
granya corny is my aunty so when I was
about I think was about six or seven or
maybe even eight years old I remember I
had a big birthday party and my entire
school turned up because Bosco came to
my birthday party was a few of the
photographs of it because they he was
there Droon Abbas used to go into his
box I was the best ever and the camera
went into the bucket it was like oh my
god it was like the best ever
I do realize that anybody outside of
Ireland and out a certain age has no
idea what I'm talking about Bosco is the
icon of Ireland I know in America you
have like Frank Sinatra and Marilyn
Monroe John F Kennedy Neil Armstrong all
those peoples you know bland in Ireland
we have Bosco we also have dust into
Turkey and zig and zag there are hair up
as our icon
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
