everyone Bianca do it or you know what
work are you put pink ones in them
i sleepy sleepers and i sleepy sleepers
and nine days like two hundred and
twenty two hours twenty eight hours
thirteen thousand seven hundred and
fourteen minutes oh my goodness
that is insane isn't it that's crazy
like I don't know like does that mean
that she she could be in here within the
next nine days she could be here in nine
days and the maximum time that they will
allow was to go over is about ten days
which is the turkey of September which
is like if we don't go naturally we're
having Amelia the thirteenth I think in
the rain that date so uh oh I know it's
not the excitement of we need a coach we
need a huge guy knew these always jumps
into the into Amelia's car seat and I
always have to like grab her and like
rip her out of it and I can't do it
anymore cuz I can't I can't reach back
there with this big bump so I'm like at
least went immediate or they won't try a
new he's always she's so entitled she's
like this night meet whatever it just
jumps into it but I'm scared that like
first of all I don't want it to get
dirty
and second of all I don't one
one could get sick in it like of course
it's machine washable but I don't care I
don't want to have to watch her artsy
before she's even here so I was like
freaking out trying to grab movies and
like you know I can wrench her head of
there I couldn't reach cuz I have this
big bump and then don't first try it to
make it really got her out a nice seat
and then alibi is just ruining
everything because he can't behave with
any other puppies so he had to come up
here but he's wet so I'm getting wet
it's most disgusting day I've ever seen
in my whole entire well I've probably
seen more disgusting actually but it's
pretty disgusting
um see or light yeah we're late because
we have six dogs that won't behave
they're all going to the groomers guys
yeah we reach the groomers this is what
they look I can't even tell which is
what well no I can tell those ones are
the pups but there's Cena porcina we're
getting used to the car though for for
deaf night cuz they're all kind of
sitting there now and yanked
we down for you dr. Geller nose SUV oh
you need a bigger car like so we gonna
have a section for the dogs a section
for the babies in a section pretty human
because imagine if you had to like if
we're expecting twins aren't we were
having our second child
thank you imagine if our OB or and
everybody got it wrong
I don't know how somehow there was a
second baby hiding somewhere I don't
happens anymore surprise like back in
the day it was like wait a second
there's something else in here yeah it's
another baby you know but nowadays with
modern world's slowest driver is in
front of us I'm like annoying it were a
pretty aggressive passenger driver I'm
like I can't even Drive
and yet I'm always like to hear that
person is really annoying beat that
person totes like no doesn't never
support ever like I don't think you ever
have the only thing in Ireland the way I
we use this to say hello and goodbye
hey our peopie yeah so we use a fork
it's not to get it away you go to Italy
and it's just I don't know it's like
every actually I think it's just an
ethos remember we're talking to Andre
about it he was like yeah they don't
even do this in the world
yeah yeah they just beep beep beep beep
but even they get pissed off and then
they just beep each other but here it's
like really rude of no way I like
where's remember when you were doing a
driving lesson once and oh you did at a
cat or something yeah and I was in my
dad's old car I would she was a macho
who it was like it's so hard to dwell
for me to drive because it had this like
strange noise it kept me I don't know
who's weird but anyways so I was like
driving in and then a cat I think it
can't it didn't jump I like I was going
out like it was about a good life away
from you
ya know
I just like hey what he's doing I just
beat thorn and it was like probably one
of the first times I've ever been behind
the wheel the first thing I do is beat
the point telecom Italian yeah it's
gonna have a good time investigating she
first time hug all the puppies our first
brush everything are they for watching
the drink yeah I think yeah whatever it
is it normally does yeah the sugar
standing that same scene on I believe
the coast we go so just watch yep that
okay so she's not sure who's gonna look
after the babies are you looking a wreck
in your place
oh no he's pooping
Mary plugins can be bought so have fun
guys
oh by ourselves it is like it's like
dropping the kids off we go yeah let's
take that let's go to the always free
weekend another offer tires here track
tank like the docks we're in a hot load
I'm so excited to go to P o box today
cuz my iPhone cover could be here guys
it could be here I'm pretty excited if
it's not here I'll be so sad I'll go
I'll do it I'll do a sad walk from the
PIO box
because I got an extra fast ordering
another thing where like if you pay more
they do it like DHL Express two-day
delivery thing so I hope it's here no
but I think it costs more to get
expedited delivery than it did for the
actual cover but I really wanted did you
get it pretty sure this is it yes other
stuff is your hoodie oh my god what the
hell you got a really fancy wine oh you
make mine look like a cheap toy oh honey
joking I love mine
Giada is your suede yeah you old mine oh
my god that is so cool
nice that is so cool
thank you yeah okay all those I can just
gotta make a call
isn't it cool yeah that is so cool and
it has an S for Simon that's what I
that's what I taught it's my brothers
SGP stylish people good partner in Los
Angeles California
cool it feels really nice I'm a Los
Angeles Calif designed and made in
California handmade in California did
you guys make this for me oh yeah it
feels really cool okay that's weird
I just wanted to show you guys something
that we got from the pedo box it was so
adorable so um we got a package from
tree nut bar and she sent some really
cute things thank you so much thank you
anyways she sent this look little
cupcake Amelia on board it actually says
her name isn't that so cute this is for
the car obviously and then she sent this
card which says Maltese rules if I like
it it's mine if it's in my mouth it's
mine if I had a little while ago it's
mine if I can take you from here it's
mine if you can't take it from me it's
mine if it looks like mine it's mine if
it's mine it will never be yours
I if I saw it first it's mine if you
have something and put it down it's mine
if I choose something up all the pieces
are mine even the tiny little pieces if
it used to be always get over it if it's
broken it's yours that is so cute and
she wrote it to all the pups but it's so
adorable thank you so much Trina Sarah
Waylon little diamond
they make 15 was it yeah I think so my
god because I was like doing Matthew
today and I was like we got 19 for
anyone or I think we ran like the 30
mark this is gonna push us up to the 45
mark we're so close to our 50 goal we
got this really really cute letter and
card and pictures from Chloe and Jess
age 16 from Northampton UK so they typed
it this letter with the cupcake and look
they drew Amelia September 2012 and then
this is them so this is Chloe
Jess and these are their dogs so Tilly
dill Milo Theodore and Ronnie oh I have
with someone Ronnie there's Ronnie
they're so cute and guys I need to show
you the car as they rage
- have you seen this know anything luck
in the bank monkey that boy isn't that
so cool you can't even if I'm a better
wood it's like I don't know it's so
bloody I didn't realize it was a push
time yeah and then the letters are so
cool and then look they have Jonathan
Anna Amelia but everything is so pretty
like they handmade this themselves so
thank you so much that is so cool
we also got these handmade cards from
Izzy
she made me a cupcake and doggie one
that is so cute thank you so much oh
what a I think that's her name and then
this one was for Joe Fez
I always get that moment where you can't
see anything
whoo we made it with the party house is
so empty
hello hello hello hello
what's that oh hello hello friend
it's not empty look at it lonely
yum yum yum secondary pie I don't even
know if it is second a pie but the
advantage of not eating everything on
window alright where is the yeah have
you got any often works
I try to open cookies last night and I
just came me figure out how DM I know
you got a cookie from underneath there
something I I maybe had to know just
lucky there's the grill
the grills like a normal grill system um
there's the my magical device supposed
to use for the oven to just microwave it
it's so much faster you know so don't go
messing the better your I might do it no
don't you be okay
okay little pie know what I think he's
moving like a put on grip conventional
oven which I did yes a look grill oh god
no stop real oven 240 degrees it's too
complicated
oh not Auto menu oh for goodness sake
look me reheat pass the soup beverages
potato vegetable rice look reheat a -
okay we'll just do that then
pink ones in them we forgot to bring
money with us that's where we're going
forgot about that old that old paper
tender oh my god I can't be there all
but and you could also probably have the
Pinkerton scene that has like a darker
pink yeah heavily teal was the worst
behavior I know he he
there's a big girl of the other girl who
works there she said new visa yeah
I'll get right over is it oh yeah I got
my rights got a right deal harder so
cute
I miss them so much okay now we have
money we should go and check their dogs
they have a fast Instagram machine yeah
no no 20 minutes after we get home there
probably be alright yeah yeah I'd say so
the garden eat the bow is dirty
themselves oh not right is that the plan
Oh cute puppies puppies puppies can't
get photographed tell me puppies nope of
the Oh cute okay who so cute who is you
are settle down back there kids
Sophie Angus fine Nevaeh's appeared
this is so funny guys it's okay we're
almost home
almost home okay good dogs
good boy deal now it's so easy to tell
who's who
because their faces are so clear and
then he'll has the glue go yeah I know
it's obvious now welcome home everyone
the house is full of dogs again I feel
you know kept well house again this must
be what it feels like when you have kids
and then like after years of like having
kids and then they go off to college or
go somewhere or something that and
you're like yeah we've all this free or
how we're free and then you're kind of
like I wish they'd come back that's what
I'd be like to turn your time or
whatever whatever Amelia moves that gets
my guys this might sound crazy okay what
I'm about to tell you because I was
toying with us and I was like what I
even say but I like to keep my frogs
organic and whether I do things that you
agree with or disagree with the point of
the exercise is that this is real life
you know and this is like real life
unfolding before your eyes so if I were
to like you know I mean do things the
way you wanted me to do them then I
would actually be
in a way so I wouldn't be doing things
the way I do them normally anyway I love
this guy
I love my little Beamer t20 are you just
driving it
I've always enjoyed since I've had it
I've really enjoyed it I like how I feel
in it makes me feel good I work hard
seven days a week 21st day producing the
show and all the stuff that we do and
this is like my one little luxury that I
get to enjoy but recently I have come to
a realization I I don't know where do
you know this but I own six dogs okay
not only do I own six dogs I have a baby
on the way and the other day we were
bringing the dogs
albian Cena out and we noticed that it's
quite it's question and this morning we
tried to fit six dogs in the car and
they were jumping in a baby seat and
everything I was like oh my god we can't
actually bring
the dogs who ring Albion CNN Amelia but
we cannot bring Amelia and the puppies
at the same time in the car and although
some of the times that were parted to be
okay
you know I can drop them to somewhere
but Ana can't come with me or fights
because I can't even meet at her own
obviously you know vice versa and then I
was like on oh my goodness like maybe
like should should we get a different
car you know and I'm just like oh my god
like what the hell
so I went and I had a look at a few
things this morning I really liked you
know God I'm a heading that here now to
look at and that are and that are very
good potential car that I'm not a car am
MP and I MP in MTV SUV 4x4 I don't know
it's like a Jeep car type thingies so I
think we're gonna have to actually
change it out because I was like oh my
goodness like you know it's like it just
snuck up on me that my family went from
like to Oh baby on the way to seven info
and it's like we're not giving the dogs
away like we're keeping the dogs in case
you didn't know we're definitely keeping
the dogs so it's like when we were
thinking about you know my house and
stuff was like right we need to think
about you know we have steak stock so we
need to think about property that would
see sakes ox like you know big long
gardens and lots of space and you know
there's stuff I got you know same as the
car I'm like oh my god
Oh
what to do it sweetly tough making hard
grown-up decisions I say to the guy you
know I got like I just ran out of space
and we were gonna buy remember I don't
know did I know we were gonna buy em in
half sell 200 Marcy Bay's SL 200 it was
a treat or a coupe a and I was like in
love with a Castro and I was like oh my
god I love it and just worked the end
just as I was thinking about buying it I
thought maybe we should get a five-door
by the way the fifth door is considered
the boots just wondering like where is
your fifth door you know I'm but we
didn't you know I always started we did
and then I went and I looked at the BMW
and I was like yeah it's probably at
that
little did I know at that time I'm
buying this that we were going to have
five puppies well four puppies but we
actually intended on probably selling
them not Sam's yes Alan let's get rid of
them
we didn't actually think we're really
going to actually keep them so I guess
life sometimes taught you a curveball
you know I got to be perfect and a jack
adapt and move forward you know so I'm
like we don't intend to have a small
family so I just get a trailer or
something I had oh boy
oh life okay Becker oh my goodness what
is going on up here
holy crap can you guys see that
Oh No
Oh No okay cute you are
I can't cute you guys are yeah Cheryl
ribbons on oh you're so cute thank you
see the sacrifices I make for you guys
hmm mm-hmm you guys can have a nice
comfortable driving around experience
sacrifice have upgrade into something
nicer
wheezing as an excuse me where's Alvey
well yeah we got cheese did you guys
take care of mommy while it was gone did
you guys take care of Mommy when I was
done
hi mommy while I was gone did you miss
me you have what I owe you sleep good
whoo that's a glossy box oh my goodness
Amelia like stood up or something there
a minute ago
like what is this that's crazy oh that
one knows the ball
it's so lopsided like this here is this
her back or something could be a pelvis
or nothing what do you doing over there
come on come on oh my god there's like
no room in there I feel like I know it's
so cramped
yeah she's must be able cuz their heads
end here so must be like hope a bump oh
my god oh my god
all right that is so weird I think
that's like a foot or something you can
feel it moving around yeah look she's
completely look there's nothing here
there's nothing here
she's completely falling over the other
side are you eating that you eat sorry
there you go just need one anything for
me in there fall over you see the little
ripples here see you moving right here
it's so big it's like but it's like she
has no space I mean I know
look at this lines when when I first
came yeah I'll get it here is that faked
I'm like what dark it is you can't even
see here anymore
oh nice tattoo come on Amelia
everybody's waiting everybody's waiting
or everyone's like come on already like
nine days today oh my goodness are you
gonna be on time look at this huh
are you gonna be late I think you're
late
yeah we'll find out soon enough it's so
close oh look I'll give you a baby
he'll always be the baby you'll always
be the be because Amelia will grow up
and stop being a baby
Oh there'll always be a baby
to always be baby I'll be a baby
forever
it'll be your baby daddy I'll be your
baby no fear hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
