okay I don't have to work your seatbelt
okay there we go now has to be a safe
little pie here we go
goodbye
so I know that javis probably already
showed you this in fact I know he did
because I saw it on yesterday or
whatever day it was slug but I just
wanted it I just felt the need to talk
about it again because every time I see
this and go visit the same thing it just
makes me smile Erica my sister my little
Sara cow picked up she went shopping uh
two days ago I think yeah
two days ago in town with my mom and my
other sister Emma and she actually went
to TK Maxx which is one of her favorite
jobs she loves TK Maxx and I hope she
doesn't get annoyed at me for saying
this but I just I had to say it but
anyways so she picked up two things for
Amelia which Joffe is already showed but
this is the little it's not even it's
not a cardigan it's like a little top um
or yeah like a little top and it is so
adorable it has a teddy bear on it and
it has kind of like a peter pan collar
which Eric he loves and we all kind of
we all kind of know that she loves them
because she wears them all the time but
it's pink it's so adorable it's so cute
I think this is three to six once I'm
not really short and then she got this
cute little teddy bear blankie and when
she showed it to me she was like oh I'm
looking she was like look at the inside
it's so cool because the inside is like
pink satin but I don't know I just meant
so much to me that she went and did that
because she's so young she's only 14 and
I really hope she doesn't get like
embarrassed and I say this but it just
meant so much to me and you know it's so
cute because she spent her own money
like she went and she spent her own
money on Amelia and it was just such a
grown-up thing to do I don't know how to
even explain but the thing is that the
money that she used I'm pretty sure like
I'm not a hundred percent sure but I'm
pretty sure that she used the money that
we gave her for when she walked the dog
because obviously we paid her for you
know when she walked all of the puppies
and we had kind of discussed like you
know this could be like a kind of a
summer job for you if you want
even though it's the end of summer but
you know she just kind of started
getting into it so and we're gonna be
busy with the baby and everything and
she said she wanted to do it so you know
we said we'd pay her um part puppy a
rape her puppy and um that's what she
kept saying to me like don't pay me I
don't I don't need it like I don't want
it and we were like no we have to pay
you it's like it's labor it's work um
because it's hard work walking all those
dogs so um we paid her I had to like
force her to take the money and then she
went and she spent it on Amelia on us
which is so nice I feel like I'm gonna
start crying it was so nice of her so I
really love my sister oh my god I'm such
a loser really gonna start crying now
but seriously it was so so nice her and
um she's amazing I love it
but I feel like it needs just a little
something extra just to make it special
you know um why don't I try this yeah
it's a mic oh my god actually looks like
a Mac now because that's the color of
the MacBooks it's a mic one awesome hi
Oreo how you doing there yeah really
any news me gosh really no way she's so
focused and she look at that guy's reg
11 w 11 I wonder is that the mayor of
waterford from 2011 cuz the mayor always
gets the number one red car first red
card a year of the city that he's in so
when is that him oh my god I get
celebrities in front of us oh my gosh we
got free keep your net and get his
autograph knocking his window
one of the talked to do you get to keep
I think the the people that pay tax
might have issues with that I
essentially bought that car for him
while I don't have Waterford no I don't
think so I don't know what happens
although yeah like he's only in term for
it no how many years are you marry me or
is not marry I think it's like two years
it's not like a long time it's not like
three or four years but it's quite short
so yeah it could be him
well would even in a court slack it off
oh my God look they've taken under yeah
missions you like to see it building it
is when when it's gonna be a denounce
the headquarters of a Saucony Jolie
international that's where all my staff
are gonna be I'm not sure what were what
we're gonna do I think we will have like
stats and graphs and charts yeah
what's really do and I'll have a couple
of PAS I'll be a businessman I'll talk
about business moves
let me get me someone to talk about
business which you're fired and we're
here for the MA oh crap punish mom's car
markets close guys
we never ever I make it on time for
Hoonah spies baby we do they need to
move the time though okay well long
Erika's Harris look at her home break it
so it's so noticeable now it's really
cool it's like the blonde bit there did
some comments we suggest Erica she let
her hair grow long like our sister be
like reggienet cheese
look little Ciccone big saucony it why
not
it's like lip big ciccone little Ciccone
teeny-tiny Zaccone
yeah I know yeah may may have been a bit
too late today okay the only two people
that I can smell her pies oh one of
these days I will get pies again YUM
hey so I got two green guard Thai curry
Ricky chicken green KY curry the Nikon
PI special is that silly it doesn't give
me chicken mushrooms like no no but I
got green tight hurry it's a new thing
of like oh my god so Erica just get me
in on the gossip hair penniiess Cobra is
moving where is it now it's moving
compassion to the black pool and you
guys in Scarborough and that can give us
the skinny because we don't know when
they're moving
do you know bye bye bye guys so the
chicken Thai curry have you ever heard
of chicken Thai curry in a pie seriously
keys I got you smell it smell it it's
life-changing
to life it like every up mix Chima
cheese nail Barney time
that's all now so
should I do that okay now in the pop the
little pies here we go
don't forget to put your seatbelt on
okay I don't know how to work your
seatbelt okay there we go
now has to be a safe little pie there we
go goodbye okay we're here to get rid of
Mimi's fake phone number I didn't bring
my phone okay yeah well then okay you
know you don't forgive that then okay no
no because it'll happen is that the
phone number that you have the special
phone number you have in your iPhone at
the moment we'll just change over and
your SIM card readers die I can explode
explosion like explosion Wednesday
except on a Thursday and it's really
cool to the water you know you should
intentions want to glass which goes lids
heart emoji
Peter you can pour thanks going on a
little adventure go up this road it's so
pretty it's really like I don't know
what it's like but it's just really nice
I want to share that with you guys I
want you guys to experience this road
with me we're gonna experience it
together ignore that a little time
because it takes away from the beauty
another one oh man how it's that's it
it's round
what's all without a signage sign OGG
was it fair this is so nice right here
oh sorry I need to slow down ah they
just ruined it
oh my god what have you done what have
you done what have you done
ah that's it I give up
this now
if this now how brown cow or whatever
that thing is I know I think I got it
from that the Mighty Boosh
you guys ever watched The Mighty Boosh
calling the son of you guys can see this
we need a spot where we can stop and
show you this is incredible you check
and see if any cars going harder is show
them look guys you can't see me with the
hedge really I'm sure each office is
maneuvering things this is a very tight
rope Mary Tyrone did you see the view
bear yeah for like a split second but
right hand in the way back same gravity
I'm tired today like it's just this
hedge is to hurt your head look at that
view is not incredible yeah it's so
gorgeous oh my goodness we're home we're
home
all right you missed it on the way up
look there's not so cool what a view huh
oh my goodness
it's so cool
such a cool spot ah at the top of a
mountain I'm on top of the mountain
Antonian stood on see ya in a shot
oh and this place gorgeous see that
house you see that did this one here I'm
going to own that handsome name we are
we're gonna have today might not be that
exact one but it's on my vision board my
vision quest that's my eye Range Rover
under a driveway that is that is
incredible isn't it of this size and I
think oh my god I wanted om I don't
believe in that if you see someone
that's like better often you're
somewhere
I don't like to progress' them I like to
figure out how can I own that house you
know instead of like thinking aw screw
him in his stupid house and I'm like no
I
I respect what you've done sir but I
want your home I wouldn't have on
somehow gunpoint one way should we view
and everything here oh my God look at
the cows Wow the dogs would love it look
who's a KERS of life yeah I know
mark my words on year that's a year
eight of the vlogs
we'll have that before Amelia gets into
secondary school you know so you can
have like house parties no no you know
when you start an organizing project and
then you kind of fizzle out through the
actual process you get really really
tired well if you're anything like me or
if you're nine months reckons like me
you get tired very easily so I started
organizing my makeup and my drawer
because my tour was so full of crap that
one right there that one now it's all
nice and empty but of course I have a
ton of stuff actually I had a ton of
stuff that I needed to throw it but um
now it's nice and neat so that's what it
looks like right now but then there's
all this crap I need to get rid of you
need to keep organizing here and then
these are all for the bin well to be
recycled so yeah I wouldn't say I failed
I'd say I made a lot of progress but I
definitely um yeah I definitely feel
like just being done with it right
oh and I hate the fact that my room
looks like this but I guess it's not
that bad
thankfully it's um it's not a room it's
not the room that I sleep in so I can
just shut the door come back to it
tomorrow but am I gonna make dinner now
anyways um I better bring this down
yogurt Bowl cause always they stink it
out the room anyways what's for dinner
jokey-joke
well I'm having myself some pie Nene
super-pac yeah am I not making spaghetti
wanna needs oh I got on this pie and
then you forced me to bring you out for
lunch through a literally day so I
brought your lunch notice that I have
the run of pies so I'll have the two
pies so just make yourself something
my poor I don't know I'm just doing
dinner for one person there for one
it's a sad life you do have some tuna or
something I know the salmon by myself
I just prize the woof I think this
you're gonna have two pies to yourself
yeah okay and I deep clean the kitchen
as well no are you how are you okay I
need to come over this which actually
don't like doing any more because I
might break something because um I can't
do any more I don't have that
flexibility award so I did clean the
kitchen which looks pretty darn good
do you guys my little puppies inside so
as you can see I'm nesting right now I
think that's what it is
okay let's go peepees outside like I
should say like like my unboxing I was
like how did she know the difference
between which pies were which I assume
this as well as he does a little star
and maybe that's it she figures out
which ones are which
Luzi scusi scusi just have a little star
in it as well
yep it does that must be what it is all
right how's your an as your beautiful
one come on go on
you're so greedy with what they have
apparently 100 calories per pot no they
don't only five or something five
calories pin sorry sorry hippies that
side so oh my god he's gonna crazy
Cena Oh Bianca and he was sitting on the
wall I mean awesome
maybe injured I don't know maybe that's
why he's like fine I don't know anyway
you could say that guy anyway
what I was gonna say when I come over
here suck one pie
I cooked both of them but em they beat
me beat me beat me to death you know I'm
only I like to have about 20,000
calories a day and I thought that that
was just over I would have put me over
20,000 put oh yeah speaking of 20,000
calories nothing to do - are you ten
million views awesome is that ten
million times
my mom has watched my videos how amazing
is that
thanks mom well oh and have who's that
10 million oh my god oh my god there it
is
right a buggy ninis oh it's so big you
guys ready you guys ready I know you
guys love the insects Oh
SWAT your screen sweat your screen
oh my god okay um you guys can live with
it okay so thank you so much for all you
guys and my mom I'm watching my videos
every single day I mean so much to me
that it's awesome for like cuz I made it
when she combs I'd be like man yeah it's
okay
I got ten million views all right she
might be like I don't want to be in that
show it's so crap on a effin midnight
you've got to whisper when her on her
bed
you've got to whisper adventure hey hey
it looks like our neighbor neighbors on
YouTube oh hi neighbor
okay let's go you know it's school time
geez get any copy books dear ha ha a
theory side leave me comments if you go
Mike the school guys my ninth year you
guys starting or grade Cody Colin
America I never understood the whole
grade thing what put her 6 years in
Irish school how many years or three
grades different
I don't
yeah see stomp taters and I did one
great yeah which one
so first grade oh yeah sounds very
complicated oh my god we have made us
buy microwave popcorn so long yeah all
right Wow okay we had some feel are they
good for you nice is it part of my five
a day
Oh looks anyone talking where's
that butter yeah no like butter and
that's why not as good
probably not nice I totally catch it
exactly the same oh my god it make us in
so long don't what do you eat are you
get three
alright are you ready are you ready mr.
machine man you ready for some popcorn
oh
remove edit wrapping unfold in her bag
and pop one bag at a time
ahh one at a time make sure bag has no
holes tears of broken seals place the
instructions side up in the center on
the floor mm set microwave oven on high
full power from 2 to 4 minutes as
microwave ovens may vary listen
carefully stop my living rapid popping
socity cheese egg and few properties
though it's popping interpreter let's do
this are you ready are you ready let's
do this
my first popcorn in my Apple device now
I can just pair it up to my wife and I
can upload the popcorn to my iPhone and
I can use my iPhone to pair with my
brain we can just constant stream
popcorn YUM
do you hear that to hear the silence of
the popping Lily the cinnamon hear the
popping you gotta wake up hopping
decreases its decreasing no stuff it's
it's
decreasing
well I well I well I all right I'm doing
it I'll pull it and follows it he's
pretty far I know why you'd be excited
because it's not for you it's for Jeffy
it's me I'm joking okay let's get a bowl
nice is almost perfect tapash almost
perfect Popish we give it a go I am
satisfied I feel like I probably
maybe even ten seconds out here I feel
like a shriveled ever so slightly but um
we can try that again I need to fix that
thing it seemed get so hot oh my
goodness oh thank you
good night hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
