good morning friends good morning
can I get you water what's going on well
mommy's in between that's going oh me me
yet that's a spoiler that's the newest
friend Mia's friends on combinations
again is her mermaid one is it very
exciting you are a mermaid in it huh
yeah well you see the mermaid it's
Amelia you see this is where the sweet
shark use the shark and it's blue SEC
does he know the nine adventure Oh baby
bear you can get yourself some water a
little fibers you're almost 5
Oh
Amelia we're about to let your first
cheat okay are you ready
are you ready you have to consent you
have to tell everyone you can send to
this say my name is Amelia come Athena
Ciccone julie and i can send this may or
may not permit okay well you have to
tell me if there's any ares at all
whatsoever okay so i open it up and go
eh then i'll open all the way up
hey Zoe at all
is it ali at all you sure because i was
pulling on us I just wanted to make sure
I'm terrified so I was just putting it
up and you felt luck that you sure okay
let's go again and this way
afraid are you sure nothing what did you
feel
there's no alley at all from inside or
anything
you sure wife no I'm not telling you I'm
just making sure I don't want to
everyone I've hurt you it does hurt
where does it hurt what when you feel it
all right we're not gonna do this now
okay because I'm worried that well
you're telling me now that it's hurting
you are you do you just want it to come
in so you can see the tooth fairy and
are you willing to put up with the pain
you want to keep ready to come well then
I'll tell you what look look how loose
it is okay I don't think oh I can't see
is that is that sore no what do we do we
put it out okay come here I'll give it
one last little go
well I see I'm not pulling hard I'm only
putting a really really gentle because I
don't want to pull it out it's not meant
to come at okay all right open up open
all the way up as wide as you can
mmm-hmm no no no
maybe we'll try again tomorrow guys no
no I'm saying guys Amelia it's okay
though
maybe the pre Tooth Fairy will come the
preachy fairy comes before when you're
about to lose your teeth she comes in
when you're asleep and she has like a
little hammer and she goes and she
listens and then she checks to see if
it's ready to come out do you remember
the mark that was in your room last
night what if that was the pre - very
come on it did on the mark they'd go
away
the mark they go away but I'm saying it
could be an affair you disguise as a
mark all right we'll check in tomorrow
I'm just afraid of the media that it'll
be sore I don't need to be as sore okay
it's gonna come out in the next few days
okay
I am clearing out my closet mess in
there it's so embarrassing but basically
it is time to say goodbye to the
pregnancy or maternity clothes because
they don't fit anymore
which I'm happy about obviously I am
fitting into most most of my pre
pregnancy stuff now which I'm really
happy about and I think I'm past the
point of like you know there's that
point where you're like am i fitting
into them or do I still need a little
bit of leeway but I think I'm past that
point I think I'm pretty much fitting
into like you know most things and so
I'm ready to surrender some of this
wardrobe because I don't I do not have a
lot of space and I'm running out of
space fast like look how bad that is
it's just a mess you know it's just
things just kept getting out of hand
like there was a pregnancy and then
there was a miscarriage and then there
was another pregnancy and then I've just
been through like
so many different phases of fitting into
different types of clothes that it's
just a mess so here's where we are this
is some maternity stuff that I'm going
to box up and keep till next time and
I'm gonna get rid of anything that I
haven't worn in over a year because I
think that's probably wise so let's get
started
okay so this is all the maternity stuff
some still has tags huh so embarrassing
we're not embarrassing like it's just
bad I haven't I didn't even get a chance
to wear everything and then it still
looks a mess but this is kind of like
what's left that fits this needs to be
sorted out
at some stage but I don't have time
right now this still needs to be sort of
it so I basically tackled this and a
little bit of the dresses and like like
oh my god guys it's so bad I need to
order more hangers as well there's a ton
of stuff in that boxed and there that
needs to be about rid of like not got
rid of but I swear today it's just so
much and it's a whole day job but I just
thought you know what I'm gonna tackle
like one little sliver part of it today
because I keep telling myself I'm gonna
do it and then like with Alessi and the
kids and everything and like working and
everything this just gets on top of me
and I never get it done and so I was
like hey I'm just gonna do this tiny bit
so I know it doesn't look like I did
anything I really just did this section
but baby steps
someday Carly before me move that closet
will be organized and did something
right Jonathan is busy at maps
busy at work I know how we do for I
don't want to give any spoilers that's
where I'll be
come on I'll be just being laid up so
we're gonna collect Alessia from her now
you know you wonder come on come on
oh yeah oh yeah you want to play you
want to play healthy oh you want to play
always oh you're so cute oh you're so
cute oh he's my first baby thank you my
creepy their coats by the way the dogs
coats and my coats I mean like hair not
fur cuz when a Maltese it's actually
hair interesting fact um has changed
it's been through like a massive change
and it is so silky soft and it's all
because we changed their food we change
their food to a brand called butternut
box which is kind of like a subscription
box for dogs but it's better than that
it's like a whole like diet plan or not
diet plan but like the whole like diet
overhaul because it's like real food
like so human grade cooked food I'll
show you guys when I actually feed them
this evening how it works the nutrients
in that food just you can just tell like
his hair is so silky soft it's back to
like how it was when he was a puppy
you're gonna be good with the baby
you're gonna mind the baby we change the
baby's not easy
she's such a grumpy old man look does
not care seen I would be all over that
face like also I stuck my nose in her
mouth earlier and she bit me so yeah
maybe don't do that hello funny bunny
hello bunny bunny what we have it again
sure wouldn't you know that's what
happens if I do this oh oh is it look at
this it actually makes like a pool that
actually doubles up as a swimming pool
I wouldn't recommend diving into it
anyway I gotta go yeah I have to go and
get the ice creams somebody has to be
tribute do you know that I have actually
not washed this car since I bought it
it's pretty good though it doesn't look
too bad
oh but it is hot to trot in here friends
oh my goodness oh my goodness
air-conditioning on life support on roof
emotion cars with life supporting okay
isn't it so
nope I took all your suggestions about
Daniel Andrews a song apparently you can
download the blank song but I haven't
got around to it so I still must listen
to you two every time we turn my car on
thanks Bo now thanks but no anyway guys
isn't it so typical that just as it's
about to go back to school time or if
it's like exam time for me it was like
leaving certain junior certain time
maybe a few guys like a levels or
whatever you do in your country you know
what I mean there's always a thing oh
well is it so funny that it's that time
of year and now the Sun is like blaring
out always the way lights
oh it's the way you should almost plan
your summer holidays around exams and so
on and so forth anyway I've owned the
ice cream Rodan leave me in line lineal
lineal eminent leave me leave me a
lollipop if you'd like a comment or
leave me a comment if you'd like a
lollipop no because of lollipops in
holiday and I think so should bring my
lollipops lollipop lollipop Oh lolli
lollipop
boom-boom-boom ice cream run from
morrison sometimes though when it's
really hot outside all the ice cream is
sold out so you end up with the old ice
cream nobody wants so let's see how it
works at
okay so we ended up with palm bears but
the last of the kind of ice cream
undergoing and a nice bottle of that
stuff y'all Blanc Pinot New Zealand
which he loves and some toys well
hopefully you don't end up with the toys
haha okay you know it's school time
uniforms are back also people from New
Zealand you make the best one I used to
think California wine was the best New
Zealand wine right now it's my favorite
and my goodness could you imagine a
friend Ian's friends is here someday
he's so cool all right here we go Jack
and Jill oh my goodness and there may be
some friendly ascent toys like never be
good I just turned off the M fancy
console and it just flooded the entire
area here I know
I didn't realize all the little
Playmobil people okay we just flooded
our garden that's great I could I
thought I could hear water didn't you
couldn't you first before you deflated
it
I probably costs better thousand pounds
to run this today who you got pom bears
yeah just get out I have some treats for
you I really need to go to the toilet
Ronson you go so see ya wouldn't wanna
be ya it's also freezing
that was a fail
yeah she's getting proper like wait
where's you like that one
it's too hard you're so cute another one
good you little pill you know toe
sticking right there
just likes the trail stick Eduardo okay
so you guys remember if you guys
remember this morning I was talking
about the dog food so this is the follow
up that I was on about I'm to that story
this is half a butternut box portion for
six looking excited they're getting four
six dogs obviously if you have one dog
it's gonna look different not the food
put the portion so this first six this
is half a day so this is dinner for them
and
reason why I have it in the Tupperware
is because I just do this you don't have
to but basically this is how they come
so the one I have there is either
chicken or turkey I can never remember
they both look the same book this is the
lamb one and it's not gonna fit anymore
is that frozen blocks and this is one
day for six dogs see they're all over
our freezer because like there's so many
of them I think we got two weeks worth
and then every time you take one out or
everyone tell me you use one up you just
pop one into the fridge to defrost so
this is beef for tomorrow I don't either
hey Bianca so I kind of alternate
between different types this is like I
said chicken or turkey look at the
excitement
it dogs they love it I made a friend
I stayed off the internet all day today
well I said off Twitter I pretty much
said up the internet because I knew I
knew it will be spoiled but here we go
the season finale of The Game of Thrones
some dinners and wines and dogs but oh
my goodness it always ruins me it's
always tune for me because everyone I
follow on Twitter I follow pretty much
like if you just don't go look who I
follow on Twitter you'll see it's all
like news and tech and like you know
current affairs stuff like that what I
always bring yours in and then yeah and
they're all really excited to talk about
the thrones always a bigger portion well
you want the bigger portion
no I didn't brought it in for yourself
and not me Wow
blinded with the light anyway I'm gonna
go watch this friends thanks for
watching the video today and I'll see
you tomorrow
do you like pillows just me
is making me feel welcome welcome
