my
the wannabe
all bye
yeah
when I was coming
I never needed it anyone morning people
of the interwebs how are you today I
wish it ain't going so far okay so
Nene's that home
I'm adding out - yeah more about molar
prepare tax vehicles whoo
I hate paying my motor tax and then
driving through potholes I feel I feel
like I've been robbed then it's like for
the amount of motor tax I pay right I
should drive on like cushion silk
cushions like again like massages and
the road should like high-five me and
then I would feel justified and giving
all my money to rotor taxi
yeah I had to bring the health insurance
provider because I don't know I just I
know everything's fine but I wanted to
ring him up like look go into the
hospital maybe soon okay so I just want
to make sure everything is dandy there
like everything is fine mr. Charlie no
problem at all
they're like congratulations good look
and you know call us when she's born and
we'll put her on your policy and you
know we have these like everyone's gonna
look at you like oh thanks thanks so
much I really appreciate that mom like
what let your mom be my mom we're trying
to be super productive because Denise is
recording the stylized video now I set
it up pull focus turn on the lights
press record and left and then by the
time I get home she should be fairly
finished filming then I'll edit that
upload that again we're gonna go try and
go see our GP today as well and also
when you guys got microwave ovens
microwave oven no not just like a normal
microwave because I've always had a
microwave but last night I discovered
microwave ovens they're like real ovens
like like really real office you can
open cook at 240 degrees in a microwave
system
mind blown I'm getting one it's like oh
my god
well you why do you have ovens and
grills and stuff where you can just buy
a salut I never super expensive but oh
my god I want one so I just finished
filming my most worn summer things Thai
I think that's what it's called show us
a message but because I'm still using my
old phone for because my SIM card has to
be like it has to be transferred over
because we changed like plans and stuff
when I got the new iPhone so I still
have my old iPhone to send messages from
but I'm using my other one for like
everything else so I sent him a message
on there but he people get confused cuz
it'll be like why you she text me from
her old number oh my god and you guys
remember from way back when I used to
work up here in CIT and then the studio
do you guys remember I used to come here
every morning this is where the lollipop
lady was you guys remember that my first
day working in the studio here the
lollipop lady was right here and I made
a joke about that
did you guys remember anything from back
then oh man leave me a comment if you
remember that joke I made about the
lollipop lady driving on this road so a
little soldier
I feel kinda bullet stung but um cars
tanks until like March 2013 it seems
like so far away it's like oh my god
that'll never ever come around again
never ever getting back together
back together that's kind of a good time
I suppose if you just broke it up at
someone you should like see now usually
just like send them that song you know
find it on YouTube you know the VMO vo
babo volvo VEVO booboo war version of
the song and I'm just like just text in
that like hey watch this
you look you know you'll know what I
mean appendage radio station
it's called C 102 or C 103 it's in court
right it's probably like one of those
radio stations that your parents listen
to if you're hungry that's it I love it
I've no idea already I don't know who
see 103 years but like they just play
they play like they say they play like
80s and 90s music that's when I was
young you know I was born in 1980 and I
grew up in the 80s and the 90s so every
single song they play to me is nostalgic
I always like on oh my god it's a
nostalgic radio station I love it so
epic
oh my G
radiation for all these like me yeah
haha what you guys out this I was
filming my video anyways and uh which
you will have to edit extensively
because it's 18 minutes long I
appreciate that I'm sorry I had to like
deal with the dogs barking and like yeah
they were so well they weren't actually
BOTS like um he's just hard so I just
called a GP their right to a
appointment for today
turns out our OB is away on holidays the
tubes are GP it's also aware holidays
it's like there's nobody around
yeah he's wearing holidays it's just
like the doctor holiday time or
something I mean that your little seat
or something but how funny is that so
we're going to a different you've been
to her a few times right yeah well he
she got into her before like you know so
go see her but it's not in GP I'm not
too bothered by the GP I like Ally but
like it's the OB which is more important
oh yeah is not funny that everyone's
away at the same time so we're gonna go
in like half an hour or something I
immediate enough like you know usually
it just cuz she's funny so biggie now
they're right at the cusp I think it's
like hurt like an elbow or like a foot
or an arm or whatever you know it's not
it's like her limb because it's over
this side and she just like it's like
could you just take her there because I
think we're having a bit of a
disagreement you get to the counselling
mommy-daughter counseling I know see how
it sound like let's go somewhere for
lunch but it's a quarter past two so
alright whatever
it's Carfi straight so I'm like why
don't you want to just get something now
you know just quick nibble and then we
can go somewhere after Holly all right
we're not going to all evil you know
because like obviously oh my god I was
telling about the microwave oven it's
gonna change my life change my life
forever we got money then again we're in
today
there don't be mean she loves you Ali
green face give her a kiss
yes give her a kiss you love it you know
you love it oh yeah
did you get a kiss her on me did she get
a kiss
yeah good girl good girl she loves them
no all day our talk these are amazing
it's great
oh my gosh so but it's so Hardy it was
this mini McCartney they never Kearney
oh my god let me show you guys some
bucks there
these are so young get them get them so
yummy always look for the perfect
vegetarian sausage they're amazing
anyway because we filmed the pregnancy
blog on Tuesday which joy scene is in
one day and then today we're filling
what we normally sell him on a Tuesday I
actually talked today was Tuesday no
yesterday was Wednesday morning yeah
today today but we never filmed that and
Wednesday we actually put them on a
Tuesday I'll put it on a Wednesday
oh my god anyone we go to Subway and I
was like no I got something I'm fighting
another peel box and said some juice day
there's no point going now Friday's
gonna be a busy day because the dogs
need to get caught
dropping all six and deer just taking
sticky bugs to do film way to gear that
morning oh yeah
are you gonna win the house if you keep
over there huh don't blame you look at
these crazy guys okay let's go it's
better in Tibet Tibet what oh I see it I
see it
okay you ready mine the house I'll got
the chart okay ready
- mine the house my mine mine the house
fine the house they up find the house -
go boy let's go let's go look at this
place like
Bishop Stan it looks like I'm like in
the middle of nowhere
Oh Oh my supposed to get out no oh my
god its face like there's so much
roadworks it would suck if you lived in
one of those apartments over there he's
like all this must be going on like 24
hours a day there's some sort of a dust
storm we're about to drive into here
whoa oh my goodness I noticed a lot of
people were asking me questions about
where I got my iPhone cover and it
actually is kind of a funny story
because I bought this ages ago years ago
bike totally by mistake because I was
stupid and I thought that it would work
on my iPhone 3G yeah we didn't work so
it's a totally different shape obviously
and everything I try to make it I
remember I tried to make it work yeah it
didn't so it's unfortunately I got it in
Paper Chase now if you can get it there
still then leave a comment like letting
people know but I don't think you can
because it was so long ago it was when
we first moved into our fort when I
first moved into our the apartment when
first names Court yeah yeah the
apartment that we were in and we kind of
first started vlogging a little bit in
court anyways so um yeah I got it from
Paper Chase but it's I love it it's
really really cute so let me know if you
have been to Paper Chase recently and
you know that you can get it still if
you do on a sunny day you cut the grass
and I hope and pray that you have a baby
today I just removed all the toys
I know they don't they chase it now it's
a new thing
they like to chase it
chasing long Wars is probably not a good
idea if you're ever I feel the urge just
just just gonna show you guys what I
love he does when he's scared he comes
up to me and he like it's because Jonas
is mowing the lawn he does this wedding
joke this does his weight when he's
doing his work out he doesn't like the
sound that Jonathan makes because he
makes it like oh like that good he gets
really scared and panicked he comes up
to me and he like scratches he's like
but if you just went inside now so I
couldn't catch him doing it Jonathas is
cutting the grass
I can't be doing the laundry and you
know
yeah I know
it's so funny how they're like not even
scared anymore they just there's nothing
there of anything
supposed to write Theodore Theodore rose
about see know every hero has his own
theme song
look at them they're so funny they're
just like do not care
the egg guy - yankin Nevaeh but anyways
I should be doing laundry and cleaning
when I'm so
not in the movies have it all so I'm
just gonna sit here and enjoy this
Douglas is now gone away for a little
bit longer finished
yep and this is a tub which should be in
the kitchen and this is my baby do you
guys see my baby okay
are you a spoilt little boy he'll be a
spoiled everyone else is playing and
then I'll be just wants to sit and be
clean and away from the grass he's such
a little such a little lady maybe like a
little old lady
no I don't like to get busy no way
nothing what you got there joke this
it's huge it's so much bigger than I
thought it would be well we need to be
able to fit a baby when she's cold
you just flap her in here this is gonna
change our lives forever guys I can't
believe I've never heard of a microwave
up and grill microwave of a grill it's
very big I really did not expect like is
it really that fake just pop it open
oh sorry we originally you know
how do i unlock it you press D the
middle one on top one to okay since the
Apple stickers on you - yeah there she
is I'll do her I'll do another one of my
joking famous unboxings oh my god look
before
can we just carry the sign around a
surgeon's true percentage you know you
should get a t-shirt
after you Berta Amelia it says Anna
Ciccone now 33% less what 30% it's a
quarter or a turd and the media is about
about a third of you yeah
you know if you're like I was going
there 33% less last baby 100% last baby
unless you're keeping part of her in
there you know you don't get rid of it
all in one go
I'm gonna do it slowly over a couple of
weeks do a foot in the hand I was
telling you not listening to me you want
to get one remember she said it's better
to just have one that is the one she
said does the most like breast milk it
says it's combination feeling or if baby
is not being breastfed should we because
I probably won't use it
he's mining my grandma for my
grandmother passed away she had like an
Alzheimer's and dementia and stuff and
he used to feed her like this like these
are her meals of common little cartons
like this know which is probably the
same stuff you don't ya there's anything
at a big yeah
welljust they're really cheap like just
Katrina yeah whatever like I just
because I know what happened with my mom
I'm panicking the first night well when
do we see the lactation consultant that
the second day so if it doesn't latch we
can go see her if it doesn't match sorry
Amelia if you're watching this I
apologize it's not a preferred she
wasn't it there's a tag going around you
chew I don't know it's gone around I've
never seen it like ages ago gesture and
saw it Eric is gone because Charlie
McDonald did it it was to call the baby
food and tigers on my path we should do
that in the salad one of these days like
I don't like the Friday or something for
fun leave comments if you'd like to see
us doing the baby food thing I think
I'll go with her 1d Annabelle come out
if I have to do it what is it you just
have to eat baby food
is it no well then why is that a
challenge
no okay listen comment if you wanna see
that video charlie
those trolley cameras so as soon as I
set up I was thinking like okay we do
something special tonight cause we
actually can I've always wanted to try
this do you mean
alright that's probably better doing it
welcome mamas yeah no no it's probably
better didn't you know
jo pees on low-cal locale jofi I'm only
an event for 10 hours a day
down from 6,000
I like this discovery ones over there
older possum possum
hold that person I've ever beaten what
that pattern it's a good day
it's a good day come on slavey get me my
euro what it doesn't what you mean it
doesn't have a thingy but however the
other ones fix they're all right this
thing no yeah solution huh I was like I
am NOT walking all the way back over
there that'll take an entire minute out
of my life I know no wait this is so
cool because this is like our first like
appliance we've actually bought you know
we have the juicer in the capital n so
that but I mean like this this is gonna
be around for a long time you know it's
like we're slowly building up you know
it's so cool you know it's actually like
when you buy your first big what is it
30 liters stainless steel microwave with
grill and conventional anything
all right so cool so big oh it's a glass
thing let's put this over here turning
around anything
we're trying to save all the boxes like
you know when you guys like sandals like
stuff to the peel box in like big boxes
that's so handy so any like we're moving
we're like storing all boxes cuz you
know that like the more things you can
put in boxes better media most things
came in like food boxes all right now
let's get this out of here we're gonna
go in the box Albie did you know home
and seen it to go in the box which you
have e in your pop all right so M let's
just send you off close it up so I'm who
wants it just leave your address below
and we'll send you imagine just came in
to peal box like what's in here all
right I'll take I'll be out what
everyone else in be all got one day it's
a spaceship
all right here's our device boxing
oh I'll be come on hey hey hey hey you
actually are causing the trouble
nippy's leave I'll be alone oh it's like
a mirror oh my God look I'm married at
his knees I think yeah I think it might
be the one my mom has that's that's what
it inspired and you get what it is you
see and stuff I just draw it out away
unless of course wait a second there
could be a pin inside it to take out the
SIM card you guys are so funny I always
looking for the earring and it turns out
that happened supply and I was thinking
to myself go like God like these are
allophones like what 700 euros and it's
like and you don't even get a pin for
your SIM card that's that's a lot of
money for something that doesn't work
through the jugo fee probably comments I
was like oh so I went back and got mad
mm-hmm I definitely think we'd be able
to fit I'll be in there look at the size
of it I'm thinking like right here yeah
cuz that's like the cooking area like
there isn't unless you went here
actually really okay so this is where it
went
itself of this side it's so deep but so
cool it's like I know I'm like that we
could have just bought a microwave or
look grill conventional oven thing
defrost menu that is so cool but I'm
like these are like super expensive it's
nice like it's Russell Hobbs but I just
thought that like you might as well like
you know spend the money and get
like really good I think it's like a
thousand watts my glass might be like
700 watts like that isn't watch it does
from 100 degrees up to 220 degrees for
cooking it's got a full grill full oven
like you know I know like specially like
you can we're looking at the sanitizers
for Amelia on one you can get these ones
that you can just microwave them so you
put all the end the chemicals up into
them and you put the whole device using
the microwave does it really quickly
having it open like this is so much
faster and we get to keep it this is our
it's like we don't not taking this open
with us when we move what we are taking
this it's like a milestone in your life
you know when you get mining and stuff
like that and you start a normal life
cause we are like we're emitting is our
first child so it's like we're starting
our family I know we've got our
obviously are fluffy family you know
what I'm starting our family and
starting our lives together and you know
you know next house will probably be
unfurnished
so we'll be buying like beds and tables
and stuff and now we have this microwave
and that's our coffee thing and our
cattle and our juicer and our fossil
plant stuff you know and our toaster and
you sort of you know you build up your
stuff I don't know I just think it's
like I don't know I'm emotional or
something that it but am I think it's
really cool I cannot wait to cook dinner
in it okay change of plans from here to
here because I was actually I feel like
such an an old person here mature and I
was like you reading the manual book all
the way true and you see the picture
here he says it needs like distance all
the way around it and so I was kind of
like mm-hmm
that is not exactly because that thing
is covering it you know so obviously
maybe it needs like air vents there
events there or there is no air vents on
this side I don't know I might leave it
there it doesn't look cute look at a
place there does that make sort of like
in the way was it better over there I
don't know it's like now that I know I
can put it over there
ah sneeze it's more extent aesthetics
now it can be there or there I don't
know if you guys notice information or
not but I did not know this information
and I think it's pretty cool that
actually has this I'm gonna skip you cuz
blah blah bah bah bah bah bah now this
is really interesting micro Ed's do not
make any heat themselves but only call
us water molecules in food to vibrate
these vibrational produces heat that
cooks the food this is where your food
can come in at my grave piping hot when
your tensile insides say much cooler now
this is warning do not dry your clothes
in your microwave but it's not crazy
I never Nita I never do that that's so
cool that's so cool you learn something
every day so as you can see we chose to
go over here with us because and the
things that it was fine good luck to ya
the the filter thing whatever you call
it is out here
we probably be using this device much
anymore so YUM
you're my double YUM all right oh that's
like sorry
Katzie chatter from the kitchen chicken
I have wanted this for so long we
haven't had a microwave in nearly two
years
I'm gonna say it's been quite a while
eat me hot Oh
have you cooked you okay and you cook
yours here you go okay slightly loosen
one side of lid place and microwave on
full power seven hundred thousand one
you know it top in line oh yeah
dirty forces are being careful that
train made me hot okay four minutes or
35 minutes in an old oven I'll take four
minutes please thanks just thanks bye
Oh your house is awesome
I can go both of them at the same time
okay this is very complicated
but I think I have it are you guys ready
here we go what's that what's that guys
you know what that is that's the sound
of the future hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
