no no God good God
don't get much fun that I knew is gonna
be hilarious down
this time we are not coming home without
the phones because there are like today
we went home on although we weren't
going for the HTC vs galaxy s3 and then
I was all like what do you guys think I
was like galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy
galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy
galaxy so I was like on what is that
with this galaxy thing and that is some
more research and then you know we're
like on ok it feels good then I was like
holding in the shop and then I walked
past the iPhones down and I picked up
the iPhone 4s and I thought oh god I
want it so I'm gonna get a right phone
4s what happen that's what happened yo I
don't know why I don't know why I follow
this why i follow the spider bottom oh
god I've ruined it I'm a ruiner this
time at a time when the waiter was right
keep it right up and touch the sky in
summer so
guys we are 28 we
that's probably what it was it was the
Sun and everything I had and I was just
go see the divide we put this up so we
can have a real good conversation but
yeah at 38 weeks pregnant oh my goodness
like that'sthat's full-term in Ireland
37 where he's Reagan's his full term in
most countries but 38 weeks pregnant his
full term in Ireland we are finally
Oscar alga Hannes a total triumph llena
de Guiche now
headed out someone can correct me
leaving Roswell got how do you say 38
weeks pregnant and Irish Han Koga
oh boy no entry
sounds like my old man's Joe we came up
with that we were like yeah I think we
were trying to figure out a name for the
band it was like please enter your new
entry and we're like done
oh really yeah that was that was that
that was at our pattern of how to name
our pet well we're really deep hello
let's go here we go that's chance if you
want this one
everyone is sanity daikon and we gotta
do what the audience wants you know
january/february like you can just buy
an iPhone 5 if you want to get 1 like
no no just have a first for them look at
this thing
I've never had the newer thing like the
iPhone hasn't it not even a treat yet no
so it does not even need to have the
best thing but this is the one for Steve
this is the special one doesn't talk to
you always wanted Siri everything always
until you see the Big Bang Theory
episode with Siri when you're mad look
at this is that episode I wanted oh my
god it's the longest process in my life
to get something now
Higgens ha ha but this is it now he's
put them on hold in Douglas because I
have to get I forgot something that is
worth the brain which I have in my hands
but then we decide not to do it so but
we're gonna go do this and you put them
on hold - it definitely gets done man
hey I saw it all right we got the
necessary pay for it and let's try this
again ok it's done do you look like your
dad and I will just grab for lunch over
there celebrate our new Apple products
we actually have an apple sticker in the
back of the car and you guys ever
noticed that anything I showed her back
in the car but now we have Apple devices
it's putting it every time I see one of
those and camper truck things I always I
always just think of Walter all the
white I was like every time I see you it
now jung-mi crisps
that's my collection I'm Krista
meet y'all what's in this week airbag
minis huh what phone did we get you guys
ready got two white iPhone pores to be
exactly where I'm cool again cool and
hip to the gang pictage I've asked them
I said I can and I have my phone 4s it's
like do people know like when I walk
around no like I don't know why but joka
sucks a little bit cooler than normal
he got it iPhone and they so pretty so
pretty LV look I was like well do a
little unboxing hang and someone sent me
this any tripod so I like oh my god I'm
gonna use this and I'm gonna do a little
unboxing thing I know most you guys but
I already have one of these but so it's
just going to be really quick one of my
first impressions compared to my church
- 4s awesome hold on okey-dokey here's
the buck seats that's so cool again oh
my god that is so epic compared to it
look at the difference between the two
of them
hey it's actually a little bit bigger
than the HTC oh it's not thicker but it
is actually a little bit bigger than the
HTC Sense is the one here just what this
is its distance
what am I so pretty it feels so sturdy
and strong like it's weighty you know
it's way heavier than the other ones
we're looking at but and so I kind of
wanted them the feels like oh I've got a
phone in me hand LEDs you know I'm
pretty sure I was one is probably a
restaurant boss so she can make all
because the fun part is actually you
know opening the stuff up and let's put
that over here what else you get in here
you get this like plastic device think
it's like a peephole I think it actually
fits over to camera yep yeah it's like a
camera protecting people something here
that let me just yep I will never ever
read that
oh that's just like throw that away the
I have like a million of these so that's
fantastic
oh great headphones on every years
brilliant alright and the plug thing
which I probably will oh I probably
guess that is it that's everything right
feels like there's something else in
here but I think it's just packaging
like packaging though and that's the air
plug thing but who cares about all that
this is what hey wait a second did I get
the sticker I got a second wait a second
he gets in here we're forcing you to
open this aha stickers I love these
stickers Achara is thinking of doom
I'm sinking of put one under plucky's
they go sitting around there's one of
these in the back of our our boomer
which is pretty funny because it goes at
BMW 320 Apple just like an apple taken
after the 20 which is kind of funny
makes easy to identify my car which is
quite handy but I don't know I just
think they're cool I had one before on I
think I had it on my own XPS system I
still good where you know you usually
like to dial thing is I'd stick it on
there yeah I'll find it useful
I'm my particular block of these dogs I
just think they're really cool-looking
well that's all I want far away forever
sounds away
are you wandering people that leaves
these things on or are you a person that
takes these things off I am a you take
these things off type of person I'm not
really a leave or honor oh you put the
sim card in how do you and you put the
sim card in well okay so oh no he like
an earring or something I think but it's
still pin home oh and say I need to go
in and hearing from Hanna or something
so I got the little thing open while I
was opening it look I family all of them
3GS so look there's two tree G ass
against the four just in case I notice
bread was like we've seen usually two
years ago well I didn't so but that's
kind of like different Snooki is if you
seem like the HDC and the the thing you
thing but I'm such a phone keeper
although I think I'm pretty gonna give
this to Riki's because I noticed she
wanted it
so I got the little things stick in the
SIM card SIM card is installed so we
hold the power button let's take this
thing off oh oh hi hi there I fall
configure insert the valid SIM with a
pin to accurate phone
unlock in her pin oh I have no idea hold
on
paint entry successful thank you it was
simple to a Circle Circle Circle British
English yep setting the language um so
more are tons weight at the bottom here
I ami am G H I next okay next hmm
poopy so many passwords
let's see Nene's one I get needing this
one already
Joe it's so cool-looking isn't it uh
I'll keep at the end it's so cool oh my
god we got these now how do you kill
what do you think I'll be like it oh my
god does Siri talk dog how'd you get
Siri to talk I think you hold this do
you like Alby oh do you like Alby series
a guy how come you're a guy no no no no
no no no no are you subscribed to the
flu TV
Oh huh
are you a subscriber have you changed it
to a girl though I want the girl version
be a girl no okay no extra make a tailor
Ciccone Jolie's ciccone Jolie's do you
love me that is cute this is so cool is
my new best friend you're my new best
friend
I figured I have to make her a girl
because I said it too it's at like
English UK English America or English
Australia so I said English UK and I got
the guy so I went back and I change to
English you us I cut the girl I wanted a
girl best friend because I'm secretly
going to start dating Surrey
the money give up oh my goodness we're
gonna do a team or gonna take two dogs
these two by two would be like Moses
okay
take your pick a dog Rudy one let me
take Abby Cena you are they
because I think we should everyone give
everyone their own lead oh okay there's
no need to be blunt slitters you know oh
yeah you bought like a millionaire
memory where's your iPhone for us
come on let's go
Oh Oh dangling tangle alert oh geez oh
no no no where's Abby oh you under there
me over here we did it
we had worked it out for a few minutes
yes it's definitely easier behind you
and Amelia can walk them
come on Cena yeah they don't hurt as
much
ah we're all tangle-free come on come on
it's like Cena wants to run ahead now he
wants to stay behind but Cena let's go
going oh no no no wait
Cena seems to be the trouble maker
go for it huh look over do you say Oh
Shh
oh no as much easier this is it's pretty
complicated to say it's way more fun cuz
it's not as stressful normally I'm too
stressed out now now I know everyone
everyone's got to Los the leader John
Cena pulling away from what just over
here what's this one over here oh god
she's nearly out of our harness look
okay slowly move your way off to her Oh
someone's lead is under her head cool
like a swing
put your foot in it he wants to go on
the swing give out behold someone hold
the doggies yeah I give it a shot here
take I'll be he's easy I'll be I'll be
simple see you now not so much
hey Ricky's yeah I think you just put
your foot into it
Oh
it's tripwire
no you have to have your foot through
the loop
I was just reading them on Facebook you
know we're in front of the picture the
iPhones and a common sense about it on
Twitter and on today's blog just wanna
live I just wanted to say I'm the iPhone
5 will be available in Ireland probably
January 2013 you know I mean now I know
September 12th its release date in the
United States from America but the whole
world is very different
okay we get like in Ireland anyway
Ireland in the UK I don't know if Europe
it's the same but on the UK are kind of
the same and it sheds what's coming
around November and then a carrier has
to pick it up and then the carrier has
to release it on a network so I even
said it again in the shop news like look
it's gonna be January so I was like I'll
just get this now GMO and come January
if I like the iPhone 5
I'll just go buy the iPhone 5 but at the
moment I have the iPhone 4s what's going
on in here what have you done see Mac
can you plant her hair she needs a tail
which one sit still for me such a little
good I wish I find her or nothing of why
was pretty eaten somewhere in the garden
where was the packing all that kind of
stuff is used in urine yeah chicks he
has them all there that usually means
that there's been a breakout no just a
protest look at this
isn't there some sort of a rule isn't
there some sort of a rule there must be
some sort of a rule I see the problem
it's not gonna fit with all the stuff in
the sink and I just I just cannot figure
out any way where that could fit in this
sink because that's that's clearly a
permanent feature or I don't know
somehow that's going to end up back in
there
nice and clean why wouldn't I
it's not a man's worth liftin going do
it do it
Rickie's do it I didn't do it in mystic
one key one two one two one do one do
one do it do it do it do it come on for
peer pressure come on
here catch focaccia for cat yeah good
lift it lift it can you lift it lift and
hold lift and hold
yeah do it one two a little bit heavy
did you pee yourself
I knew is gonna be hilarious Joe no we
missed that
I smell the most amazing smell in the
world not that one
oh not that one not that one
when smudgy smudgy let's back it's my
job huh
YUM you have a watermelon because I'm
having a roast chicken maybe some man
what man we missing someone
oh no it's a laptop you threw me off
sometimes dreams do come true if you
wait long enough if you eat enough pasta
eventually you know the roast dinner is
gonna come back around again my name is
shock man I can't wait just gonna be
cool about this one of these days I'm
gonna tweet in labor are heading to the
hospital or something
ninis you're out of focus get in focus
with me oh there you go good job I
Clovis see nice Xena
what CDs come on get out of there
what let's go let's go let's go come on
let's go let's go let it go Freddie
there's not much there it's just chicken
juicers chicken you want some chicken
juice chicken juice at the sampling
pleasant disgusting scene ease
come on her face is whack now hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Ciccone Jolie - don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
