right hey hey um is that my finger
you guys want a sneak peek at something
you guys remember we were at that
wedding in Sorrento she's so busy I'm
trying to get an edited button
fantastic
but I don't need in the blog you didn't
see as much because obviously I was at
the front filming I thank you thank you
very much stupid Twitter stupid
Huffington Post go away where is the M
do you guys want to see the boy alone
like so many stuff you guys saw in the
vlog was like the kind of goings I think
I know is rocking at this point because
I had to go in them oh it's all it's all
conforming and stuff but yeah I think I
probably gonna put it on vm all it just
won't this won't be on youtube but um
alright
I know I'll ask her when it's done does
she want me to add does she mind if I
tell you guys where it actually is so
you guys can watch it if you want um you
can see is that the first wedding video
I've ever made probably probably I'm in
my own wedding video I suppose yeah and
the season 2 pro when I'm yeah it was
like a traditional Italian wedding it
was all in Italian and stuff but that
was cool just as I watch it was I got
all I missed the weather the weather of
Naples Naples where art though the five
fo fum I've got a little stinky bump so
I was up what
pigs back I'm not sure we'll think about
it
talk to my friends so I'm like I was
having a conundrum there it's kind of
like Twitter I was like well I buy a new
MacBook Pro the one I was thinking about
or will I buy a changing table for
Amelia
or can I change a media on the MacBook
Pro you know the new Retina screens
don't they have the waterproof keyboard
huh what do you think we'll just get the
table first off
what the mayor thing yeah I know I
didn't even know it existed and now like
everywhere you look it's got kind of way
you know and you don't know something
exists and then you see it and then you
see it everywhere
cuz you never noticed it before Nene
wants to go for lunch and the Pink's
back this is super tasty this is real
word on it gonna be change that's our
Chi you see that's because it's where
you learn old okay plus for display
purposes but then you're gonna have to
bend over all of them to be fair to the
belly bandit and a lot of the positive
feedback we get back from his girls who
at this stage and their lashes stages of
their pregnancy they're finding that
there's a lot of pressure on their hips
and a lot of pressure on their lower
back their muscle tone and everything
you know they just feel the pressure of
the carrying the baby you go term so the
whole point of this is it wraps around
your central core so this area here if
you can imagine now your center of
gravity is now currently as you like
yeah because carrying out here so you
know about to tip over and so the whole
point of this is that you would and wear
it around your midriff area here so it
compresses the muscle and compresses the
ligaments so what that does then is the
brain sends a signal to your muscles say
hey you're continually contracted
alright so we're gonna keep you like
that so what it does is almost tricks
the muscle into being continually
compressed but more important important
ly after your labor and you probably
will have like fine labor and stuff you
will you'll still need support yeah for
it because your ear all your organs and
stuff will get moved around the place
and just even to give you that support
energy we've had the baby I think it's
really
so we got to bail me bandage
oh it's a bumpy one yeah oh what's that
this dead new or one yeah it's got
bamboo lads I can't what I'm gonna try
it under that you come on so I have no
money the cards damn you damn you
accessible funds so I think I might
start using the ad buddy bandit now I
know I was like thanks thanks a lot
I love that
my fault they jumped in by mistake I
know you do I thought YouTube tutorial
had gonna quit your dog heroin took the
head back oh okay this here to test your
dog you always smells nice thank you
oh we did that one summer yeah that was
pretty nasty
YUM the big back was actually so native
food did everything's fresh filling a
farmers market Ursula so it's really
filling so that everything so you know I
look on amicus yeah chicken Caesar salad
that's what I want yum-yum sorry Nene's
back lift take away if I got like this
go disappear on I didn't how you kind of
it what are you getting
I was thinking about them something
different I looked at all the other so
it was like when I go home
because like I looked in Branson dibs
it's like when I go to soup and the
bread so I was thinking for change
we're like it Amina no I definitely want
to commune or something get that
anywhere I want something that's I'm a
kitty you know
hello building I love it here Dicky
breakfast I can get the chicken Caesar
salad guys I try something different
I've got some tea and chicken penne all
right with our painting Oh keep your
chicken sandwich something that's
different and nice but I love to dippie
breads I'm having a bit of a carb party
like the game with it but I don't think
he's as well oh boy I've just undone 15
days of work in one sitting but giome
know so we brought the change in hit
with what you don't have it's a week and
a half so oh and she said when you were
saying oh I have braxton-hicks and I was
like oh it's already started and stuff
so she's like maybe you might be ready
so here's hoping but not not a week and
a half okay
then you'll have no changing table yeah
I know so we got a changing table
we got the belly banners
I didn't get the MacBook Pro so maybe we
could like meet halfway
and sort of get like a mini new computer
idea has to be in white we're just
deciding is like oh my god you can see
lumps like give me share that I was like
if you're some shoutout it's okay don't
know Oh large circumference below and
that's what you need like when I get
some this alright this one oh that's
where they burnt it in that was the
birthing bed yeah what's that
well it'll look bigger I think oh no no
that's for you oh so comfy though that's
why I said look we can buy a massive
Basin thing and then just put like some
stuff in it for our grants that is cute
we'll pick a mix here grab a bike
so that story there weren't able to hook
me up because they weren't like a meteor
retailer or something like that I don't
know and I don't II means but she's like
you have to go through a real orange
store so there's an orange meteor store
in Harrison they're still they're still
whole Chinese it is orange no I mean
like an orange store meteor is branding
is orange oh right so there's still hope
we still might get any phones
that's like kid
my first wardrobe so we almost had the
phone but they had one white one and and
I would add one of us would I have to
get like them a gray one I'm wondering
whether I got a white one so I was like
you know cuz last time when I got my
hate you see I got like the gray one
so they said Patrick Street have for
them so we're gonna go into pastry
tomorrow and we'll run again we're gonna
hook each other up yeah this is really
cool Brenda see
so cute never heard of this one before
didn't sing us the Jack Russell Tom
nation are you making this thing turn oh
no foxy Lux is a party upstairs mr.
party what's going on what's going on
there's a party one two three
again be my baby be my baby what what
nice
we're trying to have a nice Saturday
night party here yeah
control your offspring there are some
crazy everybody comments
not rainbow vines won't hang another
deal are you wanting for a feed me can't
you
she's still going in for Javy I'll be
don't be mean mean yeah I got ya got
come on
not in here the better wrap that helps
tighten and drinker Tommy impose
pregnancy bamboo harness from this to
this did you see that look a little
design and this to this first week posts
delivery six me first delivery awesome
made with love and care alright guys
you're gonna mine the house your loving
care or something oh yeah pictures you
guys gonna mind the house and we're
gonna be like five minutes we just not
even please oh boy kind of having
contractions again lightening
contractions going on a midnight
adventure does emit my jugger oh I'm not
quite ready for midnight jogging I'll
just I'll stick to my midnight driving
for sweets and treats will move hunting
midnight running at it at another stage
at the next tomorrow just looking for
the right shop is it gonna be open to
one come on stay open stay open
everyone say no no no oh man oh no I'm
very unhappy about the situation very
unhappy about the situation oh man nuts
I really wanted some I hadn't had a
tasting I had a need for something sweet
and tasty there we go now I think this
bar is open up here sucks
she'd be more every shop in the world
should be 24 hours that's that's what I
would do if I was president of the world
woods
Porsche woods and it's buds out of
potatoes none you could call them in
England spuds as well
ooh entire cake perhaps
okay pick something those mints
chocolate ones of these are yet immense
dark chocolate was so good they don't
have the mayor look yogurt orange
there's no cream in a mine called creamy
crackers there's no actual cream in them
I'm gonna bring this meeting
Oh Oreos
thankfully that place is open cuz that
would have sucked bum bums and that was
closed
Thank You Spira appreciate your service
all right here we go Galway or you go
away people out there going in the house
Hey
she walks across that that's one night
she was just to kill she she had to take
it I should get there had she known all
be tonight right I have no idea how I
went from going to the maniac but I did
oh my god Nene's there raw ya know like
these are not like frozen pies these are
fresh the fresh prize that their pastry
wallpaper fresh pies they're coming
winter
oh my they're frozen but it's it nobody
in your in our frozen but I didn't think
they were raw I thought they were like
you know made and then you know the
Denny's ones or something this is
hardcore lads oh my god if I put it oh
crap I melted it you know what happens
when you've got something hot in your
hand and then even know where to put it
please like okay alright and you go go
away galiyev call for anybody else 10 15
come on hurry up
I didn't say anything
check move out of packaging bleep I in
foil tray place on baking tray Center
preheated oven 35 minutes come on hurry
up
I didn't say hey check move out of
packaging leaf pie in foil tray place on
baking tray Center preheated oven 35
minutes i'll be i'll be i'll be i'll be
look at me when I'm talking to you I'll
be look at me when I'm talking to you
it's a it's not a big roll did you steal
a big roll did you give everyone big
rolls you little Fink roll Steelers hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's can don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
