you are a boob flasher to everybody I
know it's just they're so big now and
like they're just like everywhere we're
in it we've not meeting like okay no
we're talking on and it's kind of over
like oh my gosh
you're probably thinking to yourself
jofi what the hell was that
ha ha ha you see it's been about a year
and then around a year since I sort of
tweaked the vlogs and I'm always like
tweaking it because I'm always trying to
you know get the vlogs to like the best
that they can be you know in terms their
production because like obviously for me
you know I have a master's degree in
media and digital media and stuff like
that you know for me like I want to
produce television shows and films and
all that kind of stuff so I happen to
produce my own show which I just happen
to be in and so it's like I'm always
striving to make out the vlogs you know
similar to the mainstream media because
YouTube is eventually obviously going to
take over television let's okay
go home go home okay okay breaking by
Game of Thrones Dec so they can stay a
couple you guys can stay but most TVs
just go home all right this is our Ruby
anymore so I'm always like oh you know
I'm we're watching so it was it was like
jerseylicious or it was always was a
show called
terminus traveler girls on em things on
channel 4 it's been a group of traveling
girls if you need us let me count
watching Cooper traveller girls and this
girl makes like the wedding dress swim
so she takes them on anyway it's
entertainment it always starts off with
like a little bit of the show and then
the title sequences in the show goes on
and then it catches up where it shows a
bit so I was like maybe I should do that
with the vlogs you know and I put a
little bit at the start which is
relevant tighter tie galore which is
like the best bit or you know something
in the show is like a teaser someone
that you know and then the title
sequence and then the show plays on you
know I don't know I just thought it was
like I'm gonna try it out you know
because we try to do that anything that
was nearly a year ago you guys like that
style of editing so I'm like maybe you
guys will enjoy this and what I strive
for you know like I would love to be
able to put a 30 minute show every
single day but I find like I don't know
put boring stuff so me maybe you know
another few months if content is good
and you know there's more carat we've
got a new character coming on the show
who character development huh plot
ticketing where in some casting at the
moment you know cat you've got one very
very interested party down here you know
she's currently contractually obligated
but apparently have had rumors her
contract is almost up so she's going to
be available so we're gonna try and sign
her up you know we we that we've hired
an OB that Sam that's a person that
hires talent for YouTube videos so but
yeah so I hope you guys enjoy also my
brunette subject I am starting
pre-production ideas for the intro I
know what I want to do with the intro
but I want to make it last like a long
while because I wanna keep changing it
around so if you were an illustrator or
an animator you know it's going to be
like a vector animated like ten second
intro I think it's about eight seconds
send me going to Facebook or Twitter and
send me a link to like your deviantART
or your portfolio on VM or wherever it
is and show me some of your work if
you're interested in working with me on
this project I think she's well she's
not finished but like I can feel her
head down there her head is like
if I can try and explain it's like this
is my the end of my womb or my uterus
like this and then it's like a ball is
in there like rolling it's so weird to
feel her head like I don't know what
this research it's not like anything
I've ever felt before like it obviously
it's just weird like there's an alien
inside oh just Jindo Brae Pulaski ah
this is really letter there from I get
that from polish insanity over your box
and uh who's really touching so I keep
those dreams alive keep that head up
step don't read a letter at my blog so
but it's really picture wasn't it yeah I
I let Hannah read it okay okay wait
general I think sometimes you get a
letter like that from somebody just like
and it's so cool that I like inspire
people you know that's awesome I inspire
myself sometimes
he's cool the skater dude I'm like a
businessman on my business holder hmm
can somebody tell me about the struts
and Sharon volumes and I'll check the
Myers index hmm graphs Charles you're
fired
you ever see ya oh you got the dinner
type within it's like your bar oh it's a
really tight hole is he
yeah it's wit Tom green anyway Tom
Greensville and he has the phone took
like corded into his jacket like any
other oh yeah Freddie and it's like this
um he's like like stats and graphs and
takes it a telephone it's like your
fires instant like a portable phone from
like the 80s like an appellate in Arial
so very yeah oh that is such a fun you
see like if you know if you know talking
about comment does enjoy it with me
so was that intriguing if you learn
loads yeah like you're never like an
hour - isn't that I talking about
toxin boozled some rubber you an
insurance I brought Nina's in because I
think it's important to learn these
things beanies when you go to school you
possibly walking past the Popo and I was
like just dropping the people I'm sure
is not much there anyway it was like 20
huge boxes I was like I'll go get the
car
it's okay like can you like I do
so let's look at the car for lost lost I
think okay we'll go back into the stairs
I must have been like the ground floor
or something then do you go dancing
yeah we did wasn't yeah running like
that like one flight yeah you know it is
here we went there isn't in here yeah is
this one no no no it was the first floor
now who need to go back then again
further than on the actual group
no but that's just a one one we didn't
enter ground friend
oh come on Walker they say look careful
now when I bet you our car is just over
there
no way this is crap god sake it's over
here then oh there it is there it is
what this is a classic so that's what I
mean the more I came in as I got come on
who's the worst but you don't Park it
before there she is we made it
okay we need to we need to redress our
situation here guys there's like so much
stuff again like how like I can't like
not so I was like so not upset but I was
I the last week last week we got all
this amazing stuff we're talking like
that's what burn on my thing cuz I was
like oh my god it's so much stuff like I
agree with I mean it was an hour
decision it wasn't just yours or just
mine like I agreed with the decision
because I we both felt like we didn't
want you know we didn't want not to we
didn't want like to the present thing to
be like the main focus of our vlogs like
because that way people will feel
pressured and like what drove has
already said you know then it kind of
just it highlights it too much to the to
the point where it's promoting it's
promoting it yeah it's like send us
stuff and it'll be featured on the blog
that's not what worried about at all
like we don't I don't know it's just we
did not want the vlogs that's not what
the loves are about for us it's
like I have to buy for people that send
stuff and then we can't say anything so
we will do is that we read out cards and
all that stuff but we're not gonna show
like the contents of any of the stuff so
I'm gonna stand by what we said last
time but over tomorrow over time okay so
we got this card from Amelia Amelia ha
work and her name is actually Amelia
like EMI Li a is that a homemade card I
think so yeah I'm still showing apples
oh they're really cute so she was so
sweet she said just this rig lovely card
she said um Eric PS Erica I love you
and she said all the okay she said some
food items from the English market so
thank you so much for your card and your
gifts and she also was sweet enough to
say sit here PS I don't expect the items
to be shown I support your decision so
through the cute so thank you so much
Amelia and I can't believe you have the
same name we also got this card from
Sarah Sarah plea Laser laser Laser sorry
if I got that wrong
thank you so much Sarah and then we got
a postcard from France Kim or kiss oh no
that was stupid
she wrote kicks a better name I read her
name kiss
Esme her name is Esme not kiss Esme she
is Dutch which is kind of cool because
we were just talking you met Holland and
the Netherlands in our other blog so
thank you so much for your car and thank
you for thinking of us when you were on
holiday that was really sweet
and then jovis mentioned we got a really
nice letter from Agatha in Poland so
Thank You Agatha look at these guys oh
my god they're so cute - Jonathan Anna
Amelia Albie Sienna Bianca nuvola Theo
and Nevaeh it's from Ashley Marie 13 and
my best friend achtung O'Neill
thank you for vlogging for two and a bit
years you guys are so funny and
entertaining and make us laugh every day
at 6 p.m. you are you are welcome and we
have a poem we have a poem recycle guys
this is from Sharon and Laura from
mallow and they sent some lovely gift so
thank you so much but they also brought
us a pool so we love and I'm Joe fee who
like to wait with the coffee their jokes
and hope for Sun make their vlogs are
number one we love Albion Cena CEO and
newbies Danica Nevaeh they're all little
cuties we've watched them stay one so
the link for a media is really fun to
watch our favorite family love and grow
with Anna's classy style woo and Joseph
is jofi jokes they really make us smile
there's such lovable folks so we wish
you all the best on this upcoming test
test
baby but yeah but we know in our minds
that yield do fine farewell for now
until every day at 6 we tune into what
oh when we tune in to watch you with our
cuppa and our bigs look simple love you
from Sharon and Laura oh that is so cool
and then we got a letter from weight 80
and Amy sent a hard quality yeah she
sent me cards ah that's good love again
look at the little things go true it and
she made a beautiful box as well so we
loved your box it was amazing I'm going
to read this off camera but just wanted
to say thank you for your letter to some
taxes from Texas and it's from mommy
this is Molly patio I'm from Texas
Chattanooga it's really pretty thank you
so much I think of leaving you for her
because if you send some adorable gifts
and
yeah we'll love them from brandy maple
brandy I love that name brandy still is
country cutie on Twitter or sweet brand
brandy on YouTube so thank you so much
for the goodies you said we really
really appreciate those this lovely card
from Arizona hot art Arizona from Laura
Robertson she sent some things from
Arizona and we loved every single thing
that you sent thank you so much and this
card is so cute look at his little sheep
so sweet baby ah
baa Ram ewe handmade from Sophie laughs
okay I'm not even going to her username
is my life is boring okay or simple
guitar 987 so thank you so much for your
card after a lot more it's all is good
Isabel from Florida all the way from
Florida Florida
okay the Florida winter these guys hello
they are mochi I think or mochi I'm not
sure and joy um
and Scott and Stacy are they're humans
their parents and they're from Asia
Singapore cool that's pretty far away
and they want your love you came so far
that Pooh Bear yeah from Holly Holly
from Scotland and her grandmother
knitted some little booties ah is that
one from Inverness yeah
cool my mom's that my mom's boyfriend
lives in Inverness this is from a letter
from Alex
Alexandra from Manchester in England so
thank you so much for your letter a
letter also from brandy maple and I
think she actually asked me on Twitter
if I received the package so yeah brandy
we received your package and we love
everything so thank you so much for
sending stuff all the way from the US
because that's pretty far
thank you to everybody who sent stuff
anything anything I want
oh hey want alright anything I want
so no red meat what I don't eat red meat
anyway attack me I feel spoiled like Joe
and some idea why don't you do anything
to a book is a bit much for me Nene's
that looks nicer that spread I drove
like a chicken and mushroom vallah
Vaughn PI you know a craps ah chicken
and mushroom crepes let's just eat that
right ourselves and not have a family
private like follow Vaughn's but they've
got pancakes there's some kind of prize
don't make a pie what about a chicken
and mushroom shepherd's pie we'll go
ahead to lunch and we'll go we're great
to lunch now hi so 400 me Graham no
friends always um a knob of butter a
bunch of spring onions I don't let
butter button mushrooms um plain flour
national straight crank our chicken
stock a few sprigs of fresh thyme with
plenty of n2 your time not made we have
that a sheet of pre-rolled puff pastry 1
egg 600 carrot 600 carrots 600 carrots
oh my god that's a lot of carrots a lot
of carrots peas yeah so let this end
amazing but I'm just saying I'm just
saying you're gonna have to make it so
I'm like look let's go out I will try
and get some sort of a pie to fulfill my
pinus and what do you want me to meet
tonight anything you want that's not too
hardcore vegetarian hey like you're
eating it and eating that you can heat
that I think that's bigger than your
mouth is it
we got oh are you going
oh yeah he just ended up back in the
same place is a too big for you
you're so cute Alvey you know that
so again Nene's have an eider
contractions or breaks the next time
it's definitely it was practically well
women's the last one and you have
another one there no okay because I was
like like two
oh I was like if there's a space between
them and their repetitive repetitive
maybe no no all I see are thing is our
Obi is off on holidays this week so we
really really really don't want to have
a baby this week because like we'll get
we'll get another OB will stand in but
our guy our professor guy won't be there
so I would like oh my god no no do not
have a baby this week and of course that
is when the baby will arrive we watch
that we know we're looking at YouTube at
a couple of like a pregnancy vlogs you
know people are like a couple people who
are like 37 weeks like this is my life
that was my last pregnancy blog or like
38 weeks and then the next week it's
like meet my baby I was like oh my god
are we one of those people or weed ones
are like 40 week pregnancy blog or will
it be like a 41 week pregnancy bug
you're like oh God 42 week pregnancy
blog okay okay I think it's time to
remove baby Oh No
luckily we're going to my endpoint
because otherwise lucky did sing oh my
god it's not a party is only relevant if
you live in Cork and you know where I am
but oh my goodness this would not be
when I used to work in wave break in the
studio I used to contend with this
traffic all the time oh my goodness now
as a youtuber the only traffic I have to
contend with is Internet traffic two
different kind of traffic it also goes
slow there is also a rush hour time but
luckily it's from the comfort of my own
I don't like this call letter I'm still
refusing I'm wearing a t-shirt today cuz
I'm like if I wear a t-shirt maybe
mother nature will look at me and think
give that man some Sun huh get that man
some Sun hmm you always need to pay like
a pee machine oh how did I know about
the focaccia very excited about the
prior to knowing about it I always went
for the bad option which is a monster
than 30 Kay's got five is it
but if we walk to the car and walk I
walk up those stairs burn off horn
McHale why not
taste people gotcha
an uncut bagel tuck tuck tuck tuck tuck
tuck
that's terrible kitty annoying no exam
it's like you got a bagel you should put
the big one huh hi Barack she had a
party
there's a party going on here all my
friends came over you know yeah what's
up Joe Joe has to go that's the
entertainment today
now it's kind of funny about pregnant
women unbeknownst to them they are
flashers you are a boob flasher to
everybody I know it's just they're so
big now and like it's just like
everywhere we're gonna do we've not
meeting like okay no we're talking about
and then I kind of go over like oh my
gosh what we's a professional the team
are pathetically
noticeable of Z and we know what else is
gonna like in every night yeah finishes
cuz I'm Aladdin but it's just like I'm
just like oh my god like before like it
wasn't guys I think all pregnant women
like that yeah even remember movie watch
class I or someone you clicked on to
pregnancy box and I was like oh my god
she's like 90% boob just say like stink
off for when your rescue
and
my god they've even room for me in this
new life bears I'm just saying at this
moment if this vlog ends you having a
baby I told you so
okay
so at the fifth braxton-hicks
that's capping continuously
they're all like No
you know can it be all over this
nobody like I like to like 20 minutes
ago we were like I had another one oh
but it's kinda and he had another one
I know that it's not
not for work
hi
mr. prank is this the labor delivery
video you guys know
you might you never know because I he
could be an easy one you know well let's
make a pasta bake then it's just easier
you know for them oh oh I don't even
think we're probably gonna have it
because we're probably gonna be in their
labor board tonight anyway so you can
met you can pretend that we're gonna
make it anyway
well that's classic oh my god look go
away pie and pastry company made in and
go away why try that you know this is
representing God because the one I had
was this one here which is made in the
UK say pie master back in the fridge
Pakula danovich I was right this is a
people from always this is not taste
good I am holding you all the fun so I'm
cooking dinner because it's family
Friday and um I'm actually making a
recipe that I found from another
youtuber whose pregnancy vlogs i watch
well she's not fine anymore but she
would point like five times it's like
five boys her name is JP sous on what
her name is
I think her name's Jennifer Jen yeah but
her user name is JP sous and she
basically did this recipe on one of her
she's doing Veda you know vlog every day
in August and it looked so me yummy
the only thing with it is that it's got
meat in it but you could definitely do
it like without meat if you wanted to so
um but it's Turkey it's Turkey so it's
not like it's not red meat or anything
um so and I I don't eat meat and I'm the
only altered one that doesn't eat meat
so I'm gonna try and figure out how I'm
gonna do like a separate thing for me
without the turkey which is kind of like
difficult because everything goes in
together but anyways I'm sure I'll think
I figure it out so um I can't talk for
some reason but anyways it looks super
super good so I'm going to show you guys
mine is a little bit modified obviously
because I didn't have what's the thing I
didn't have well I just changed a couple
of things but anyways I didn't have
spinach yeah that's the thing I didn't
have so it's a pasta dish she used penne
I'm using Tortelli owe me because I
actually really like these plastic
pretty similar and two peppers she uses
green peppers but I'm using red
she used two onions but I'm using one
big fat onion some sea turkey mince some
Philadelphia this is Philadelphia garlic
and herbs and it's a medium fat one so
it's it's light Philadelphia it's not
like full fat so this innocence that
garlic in herbes like I said so this
should be good because the pasta sauce
actually has garlic in it I'm using my
favorite organic I actually got the
polonaise one because I'm doing a turkey
mince so it's kind of like fitting seeds
of change past off of garlic and onion
and tomato in there and then there's
some of this mozzarella cheese which is
already grated just to like it's just
optional of people one cousin or not I
don't really know um it's not it yeah
and that's it and apparently it takes
like no time I watched her make it and
it was like super easy and it fit fit it
fed a family of how many are they
she has five poisons her husband that's
seven right yes seven I think um so yeah
it should feed I think we're six are we
five I can't remember
no we're five so it will definitely feed
us um and hopefully we'll have leftovers
for tomorrow as well so I'm trying to
figure out how I'm going to do it with
it the meat for me I don't know I'm sure
I figure that one out
and I'll let you guys know how it goes
I've got my turkey on the go
and now I just need it's in there with
the onions I haven't added the other
veggies yet but now I just need Joe cos
to drain it because I don't I hate
you're not I always like make a mess so
he's gonna help Joe be can you help me
with something please just come here
he's like hell because I already asked
him to do some vacuuming and I asked me
to UM to help me clean the toilet
because everyone keeps telling me like
don't vacuum like don't do stuff like
this to do stuff okay so can you just
drain the meat you know how you do that
with the mins and I can never do it so
when you just drain it thanks kay thanks
bye
so this is my notice this is the stuff
that the stuff is the first item of this
and look we don't mix see I used to
iliyan the Lotus because they look
similar in front of brand isn't it oh my
god did kind of mine yeah great stuff
there's the ice cream we just made the
coffee at the magic me coffee machine
you want to see mm-hmm so spread out and
we're going to pour this on here a
little bit Hyuna yeah to keep on going
keep on going keep on truckin I'm just
using a hazelnut hazel
ice cream mmm yum yum yum yum
making myself selections and that is no
dope jokes ice cream this hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
big-ass hahaha
