we have an uninvited guest in the
bathroom and I just ran out of here
true this and the floor and is gone his
gone never to be seen again
where is he apparently he has did he has
flight he has the power of flight like
Wonder Boy
where'd he go did you see where he
landed no was it scary he's here flying
I don't see him anywhere
I don't see him do you guys see him
anywhere ha ha ha did you guys get a
fright
I moved the thing and he just choked at
me I don't even know he's open what is
he doing in there I don't know what he's
doing he wants a shower I've no idea
where he's gone now we just leave him in
here yeah I'll be seeing that if you see
him just a show him where the exits are
okay huh
his helmet coming the trick is you have
to wait here right
see see walk by and get it before you
ring a doorbell because of the doorbell
dollars everybody does it
that's a check the time is perfect and
well
oh he's the doorbell hey Bianca
Dankers our new doorbell come on a lot
of these then come on come on let's go
let's go let's go let's go
don't you know possibly it looks like a
make your own type thing
oh cool wall and ceiling attachment
sunshine garden more like rainy garden
okay let's cool the benefits can be hung
from window of walls and ceiling ah cute
cutsies
Oh Phil's I mean my oh yeah really
knocking yeah
today husband's put shoulder one winning
baby do what's that
Oh cuddle and dry robe Oh after the
shower like yeah where's the picture
well yeah it's throwing the shower Oh me
brother I'm like it's made in Turkey
well that's cool little e to Big E huh
by the way around oh yeah she's gonna
know yeah they're really good cuz I only
have one
I mean we have the SMA one thanks yeah
anymore she's so cute she's so another
now V she always just comes along and
just sort of like sits there just to be
near him if you get too close she gets
given narratives oh she realizes that
she just pretends that she's like
drinking water or something but it's so
cute she loves him so much he always
just like will just sit there with him
just because he's there he'll movies
behind you that side cuz they're all
upstairs looking at the chair and stuff
that my hasn't seen anything but just I
think it's so cute when you see her she
just like follows and I just anything
just be random
Oh see nice do you think you tonight
anything bold do you think you've done
anything world no just gonna go back to
work yeah thanks for that appreciate
your your hard work but I'm gonna need
to take this from you I'm sorry
Thanks thanks a lot oh boy look at all
this crap go to CD FM CD captain
tomorrow because you got a Liz
van taxon malarkey gible of our keys
that's the downside to having an old
business all the paperwork snore it's
okay I pay someone else to do it all I
have to do is go sort you all this stuff
like where I am there's so many I like
it
my trick is just an ah okay just to say
every receipt I ever get for anything
send me jokes wash wash where's the back
man
where's the bath mine I don't see any
bad man huh
what's the bad man where's the bad man
oh you want to do now look the chicken
now look what you've done now look what
you've done
let's get on in here this is dead
morning this is the satellite office I
really like that and I love this sorry
it's glitter if ik yeah it's glitter
liner Sam and I just washed them with
normal soap you can see it pinky pink
chiffon come on well it's not like all
these ones smell like so it's all funny
over him you go somewhere and you come
out after Toyota a career in the Obie's
office you give in to what it was like
oh my god like it's so strong I smell
like comes out behind you like I think
everyone waiting room was kind of like
hey what's that what's that one Paris oh
I like the Pyrus one I am a fan of Paris
one hmm
I think I prefer the sweeter ones ah I
know just one like what's the air
percent of their perfume I work mmm
- Chanel Chanel Chanel something anyway
if you go to a what are they going Bath
Body Works in the u.s. get the Paris one
give it a sniff
that's a job he likes there's so much
stuff darn you darn you people
ah well I'm helping I'm heaven I'm
helping the economy it's just stuff oh
then I was thinking when I was going to
all the stuff we've already spent about
three or four grand I'm buying so
Familia if I can employ Amelia I can
then write it off on tax as an employee
and give her his benefit and kind so she
has it as a perk
so her cot is essentially a benefit part
that she can use every day in work how's
that working oh oh my god is so much do
you guys want a couple of seats I am I
have plenty to go around
Oh another beautiful rainy day so we are
with all the excitement and excitement
for Amelia we kind of overlooked some a
small T nasal flight
in about 15 days we're having a one-year
wedding anniversary new awesomest and
his wife's letter paper is a paper year
one paper I'll just I'll just write you
a letter
thanks print on scissors I don't know
what it is I know the first one is paper
so we're gonna fly out to Sorento on the
1st of September I'm sure you won't go
I'm sure it'll be fine
can you imagine getting on the plane
like oh yeah I know it's fine my doctor
sent a 20 yeah no I'm only 10 months
pregnant
my doctor said first-time moms are
always late it's cool
fine we were just talking in here like
we're just we're dropping and I'm like
oh my god like you meet you
I come we're last year right we adjust
this time last year this day last year
what is it the 1516 so that we just
pretty much moved out of the other house
right so we moved into the house that
they had no eating we didn't know that
at the time we had Albion Sina and we
were engaged to get married in a month
15 days time ha how like a month like
just couldn't couldn't have thought in
my head this time next year we will be
days away if not weeks but days away
from our firstborn daughter we would
have six monkeys dogs what the hell
six dogs like oh my god and a baby few
days away
that is so that's why I hate ask me when
they're like where do you see yourself
in five years
I don't know I hate answering that
question so I don't want to know I don't
what else like the journey is awesome I
cannot predict more like that where the
two of us have had lives like that where
it it's not like oh I see you you a you
went from wearing blue to wearing a navy
it's like I went from wearing blue to
Wayne fluorescent orange that's my life
has been like going from one dramatic
thing to I just absolutely shocking
theater you know and this time next year
like what are we gonna have could we
have 12 dogs and another baby on the way
ha ha ha who knows it is very crazy we
just don't know that that's why you keep
watching guys that's that's the tagline
that's that's the sale the satellite why
should I watch the Conan show because
they are loco loco amigos ah
we're spot we're told are supposed to go
under these ball things for the hospital
Nene stuff let you turn it over this
thing whatever I would like to proper
 one of these things he's like one
of these could be so funny now all of
these will be mine soon see look
so our trick is we I think we have 18
with 18 coupons so far so I think what I
want to try and get it it's the dream to
dream right is to get two of these and
two of them and then maybe a laptop case
yeah
so that's am 10 10 20 30 40 50 I
definitely
yeah that's 48 and positivity so we need
50 tokens okay we go we should be doing
as months ago you know we've been
spending so much money here and we had
no idea I feel like oh my god what if it
ends doesn't say when it's gonna end
okay
anything we need to poured pour it into
tokens so stormy and rainy oh hello
oh you make everything better think I
might even literally give myself a
thousand thousand calorie promotion
today there might have potassium
calories to have fun which you have to
reward yourself every now and again and
they figure that I was more do too much
damage wasn't it Thanks thank said that
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna read that
how I wanted to read that looks like an
even correspondence
there is no lemon ones there that's all
that goes so dad's not gonna try not to
eat like one thing that's worth 2,000
calories you know like a deep-fried
cream egg I'm gonna try and like spread
it out so I get like loans stuff a guy
could eat probably like about a billion
of them you know unlimited supply of
them oh my god
bought her puffs apologies if you like
to put her puffs put I'm not a butter
puff I'm just not a butter puffer I
don't puff on butter you puff I'm butter
then you guys being on the hunt for the
bread just so you know the hunt for
bread is over just so you know I don't
know I just like saw that the hunt for
bread is over
um I don't know maybe that's the name in
a brand or something I was like white
why is the hunt over the hunt over
anyway I'm sorry guys congratulations I
wish that I like honey Froot Loops
because oh my god 184 it's just that's
exactly you know when they're dumping
them there's no one's buying them yeah
well they're not like the heavy are in
America no they took all the fun of them
- the fun like I did look multigrain
cereal natural savers blah blah blah I'm
not buying it for that I'm buying it for
the fun you might as well call them like
not Froot Loops okay Oh kind of failed
with that
oh is it oh she's funny get her hi
minister they're not women spies though
we missed you in this place today I
almost had in this place today within
your mom came over Emma and she brought
us no but Emma sat in the chair that was
the mistake when she sit in that chair
you're stuck there for a good few hours
I think that just that's what happens
I'm kind of crisps to get over here Anna
Anna found the only seat in the house
hey take a seat I don't know what feel
like I got enough stuff to really make
me feel I know a friend I know a guy all
right he has a vegetable patch his name
is Ronald now I think you guys might be
familiar with my friend Ronald with the
vegetable patch we'll swing by see if
he's got anything that I'd like I'm not
making any commitments are you going
I'll stick him in the back and say okay
let's go
Anna's drinking segment water cycle
water that's month-old where did I come
from why is it Nestle Nestle away water
it's um McDonald midwife oh oh okay it's
been tweaked oh yeah yeah sorry
well you don't know how long she had an
afraid for oh look like she bought them
specially for us yeah especially for you
but beautiful weather we're having here
yay oh you might as well go back to
school look what else you gonna do
what's the point everyone probably came
biking or you go back to school like so
Jimmy tell me about your summer holidays
I watched rain from the window it was
bloody Rock oh sorry to hear Jimmy was
the best party of silver well I found us
a Coney Jolie's on YouTube
got me through it well thanks Jimmy
I didn't let Joker's fit watch you he
would have missed it I he missed any
weights my dad heard screams Iraq I
didn't let him film this because it was
like I was actually traumatized my hands
were shaking like I couldn't stop
shaking after this is never happened to
him before I was cooking on the stove
and my hair tied on fire
because you have a gas stove and so my
hair I didn't notice but either was
cooking so it's so long now that's why I
put it back I plotted it because it was
down and I was obviously just like not
paying you know not paying attention to
my hair and it went into the flame
because I felt something so bad I smell
something burning and then and all the
puppies were memories well and I was
like oh my god what's going on and then
I looked down and there was flames like
coming out of my hair like I'm not
joking like it was like so so I just
like I panicked but I still knew what to
do and I can distinctively I knew what
to do I just started potting it but like
you know I didn't scream and like run
around and make it worse you know like I
dare to it but no I just screamed and I
started like you guys smelt it by the
headphones I could go like my mouth and
I was I going oh my god she burned toast
or something and I went that stairs and
you were just sitting there like white
as a sheep and I was like oh my god was
wrong I think you just like your hair
was falling not it's all singed and like
it's disgusting good thing I was just
talking about getting a car
yes I'm not actually that I'm sex I'm
like whatever
although all the yeah websites were
saying when they're what you doing you
read the bumpers up yeah
cut your hair to a manageable short
haircut are you human
yeah no it's just like it is too long I
think that was kind of like that taught
me that yes it is time to get your hair
cut because you're actually burning it
on the stove and now I notice and it's
so long
so my question how diffracted Rapunzel
cook her a meal she buddies to microwave
or something I mean how would she
possibly be like her hair was like on
the ground
I know okey it was undergroud that it
plays okay well I like to you know
there's the perfect length just hang out
we wondered upon it was scary though and
all the pups were like confused they're
like I remember when I'm I just have
head parties all the time when I was in
school and I just one time one time in
Van Camp one of the caucus as a joke I
don't know what he was doing but he was
messing with aerosol in the fire and I
think they were playing behind Gav's
back on look look look make sure you
know his whole head when Mica's hair
goes so fast but he didn't realize it
now we're all kind of drunk and sensibly
outside was hilarious but like as a
nanos it's not funny at all
no pistol areas at the time his entire
head was like on fire for a minute we're
all like oh he's like what what like
he's out there what should he do why
would you order them I know I know but I
was hair was kind of gone but what if
you want to its all areas that's
horrible
well I dunno some August at least I
saved most of my hair yeah at the end
what
and you aren't a hooligan we are
hooligans yeah we've been for this
before a car okay I'm just gonna let you
take over you know the way haha
but uh papa I'm loving it foo now I'd
like the vegetable vegetable vegetable
salad and the low-carb vegetable salads
salad
oh let this gent Carson that's what
that's what Jen's do and I for one of it
gentlemen now what do you guys want
bigger leave your orders below in the
comments and we will deliver them whoo
oh my god first up nice all right let's
go oh okay all right I know it's the
worst thing that's happened I'm just
even just you know I'm over here
no that's probably for those ones the
another thing when you have to wait well
the thing we have to wait is pull up now
so I had to run over here and it's a
long way oh no now it's just now I've
got none all right the wait over here oh
no it's all confused talk a few I'm
gonna try to reverse up when they leave
yeah as soon as we kind of quiet right
now it doesn't seem too quiet but she
doesn't know where I am
oh no it's all gone wrong
yeah but you see the other girl sitting
over there she's blocking the entrance
to me to reverse it because she's
waiting as well oh no I just go in
I didn't want my boot fiendish oh right
I remind you guys in Washington I think
the idea of the show like Norris and I
love newsroom like you know I know you
don't cuz it's too like you know lalala
but I just think this show I think the
idea of this is to kind of like take a
snapshot of the world and how people are
it's kind of similar to the vlogs I
thought you know I was like our vlogs
are kind of like a snapshot of 2012
people way we live and stuff and of this
show was really cool because it's like
the integrity of the show like I don't
know
you guys have seen it and the lead is
that come on guys come on guys time to
go to Benny boys so I'm we were just say
I just noticed right I was doomed yet
and nighttime I always conform the audio
and stuff like that so I was just
conforming and I'm Photoshop I was
making the little thing that comes up at
the top and I noticed it was 13 and then
I was thinking oh my god in while I was
out that just made me think of Sam
return and then September turn 2012 in
the US is Labor Day I don't know much
about it
actually you don't know anything about
it if anyone's explained what the hell
Labor Day is all I know is that it's
called Labor Day but weren't you on the
3rd of September so on the 3rd of
September Anna will cook well we don't
know she might be in labor on Labor Day
isn't that crazy is anyone ever being in
labor on Labor Day if she is in labor
Labor Day that's such a cool title for
the name of a vlog in fact here gonna
call this Bob ley say pudding why is
this broad called Labor Day today that's
why it's coming every day I know I think
that's kind of cool isn't it so
hopefully it does come on Detroit also
the turn of September is my
grandmother's birthday
the first assume Tamara is our
anniversary our year anniversary our
wedding anniversary plus and you guys
remember my nephew was born the day of
my wedding that's when my sister wasn't
wasn't didn't go to my wedding so
Austin's birthday and our wedding first
September is kind of booked out turns to
Tamara hammer is grandma's birthday and
cookie Amelia's birthday in labor on
Labor Day that's just crazy
that's just crazy that's the craziest
thing you've ever heard in your life
leave me a comment of the craziest thing
you have ever heard in your life
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
