nineteen days no longer in the comfort
of the twenty plants we have to be quiet
these are not just saying we have to be
quiet oh that's not raining today which
is a nice change a nice change nice
change
oh we didn't notice I got a haircut
almost five o'clock and now we're so
busy today so much to do and I just
realized I can block that off I was like
I should probably talk to my friends cuz
you guys like locked in a cupboard all
night not really gonna have one of these
to start off my day YUM mix it with a ha
oh my god these guys are amazing if you
like minty drop drop of things they're
so tasty um I think what this but it's
kind of hard to get it out of here guys
needing these tuna that's Toby's tuna
hi guys okay but you need to move
because I need to show my friend
something beebeep beebeep beebeep
beebeep beebeep it gets so crossed if
they get smushed into one another okay
Joe first and I also Eric kanji office
had this fun game like it was like
really really close to when we moved in
and I was so annoyed at them because
they basically were at this wall so I'll
right here that I'm pointing out I'm not
showing it to you yet because what's on
it is what I'm gonna show you in a
second anyways so they had this like fun
game where they were like hitting the
wall with their hands and like smacking
up off of it I don't know what they were
it was like the most thing ever but
anyways they did it like I remember was
around Christmastime
and they got their handprints all over
the wall and I really annoyed me but I
didn't know how to like take it off and
then when dofus and I did the pregnancy
workout routine video we had to do
exercise against the wall so our
handprints ended up on the wall too so I
started trying to I just decided today I
was going to take on the task of
cleaning wall and I don't know if this
will come up on camera can you guys see
okay it's showing up very faint
maybe if I back up it'll be better yeah
that's better I don't know if this will
translate well on camera but anyways
this whole area here is just full of
black smears smudges all that kind of
thing it looks gross I see it probably
yeah you can kind of tell see all the
streakiness like it's not like you know
it's not like mud but it's like grime
and so I had done it with like an
disinfectant like wipe then Joseph is
like what cuz I showed him I was like oh
my god I've ruined everything because it
was just like every time I wiped it was
like black coming off
I probably just should have left it and
you know it probably just needs to be
repainted or something I don't know but
it was like what do you what do you do
you don't do that
you wipe it with like it
cloth and like soap and water and you
have to do it like every time you dip
and wipe you have to dip again so I was
like I did not know that so I totally
destroyed our wall it looks ridiculous I
am so annoyed it's not really showing up
maybe it is I don't know sometimes
things look different when they show up
on camera and I don't know where like
these little streaks are coming from
that's actually not there in real life
so I don't know I'm talking about this
smear enos right here
so I ruined our wall fill this up with
fairy liquid trying to fix the wall and
he's broke
you ruined the wall oh yo can you
feel no you didn't notice oh crap
nope it's um that's dangerous guys I was
like boiling water okay well I'm gonna
maybe do it this way well it didn't
happen but then it looked like it kind
of happened I've been like way worse hi
oh yeah oh yeah munch gimme yo munchkin
you wanna come up
you wanna come up hey munchkin you guys
say hi munchkin sit hmm who's that now
would everyone want to be a munchkin now
mm-hmm
all right if I use the air gloves might
help um well it she's like a sponge not
he's a j-class
oh there's a medium medium yeah cuz
they're for me
you're kiddin get small I actually did
that on purpose
I got like you could we you can use the
disposable ones waiting there's some
more no but they I feel the water this I
won't actually feel that
100 ones well you can't really see it on
camera it's weird
oh my god it's working yeah see oh you
have it then our son oh no you actually
you can see it better from far away
surprising me enough see this is all
thanks to my mom when I was younger me
and my brother and sisters we were
forced to watch the walls and the
windows and everything every weekend
yeah this is my mom's fault because my
inators
we never I clean errs my mom did it all
how did she when did you start using
yeah we never had cleaners my mom
doesn't have Tina now either but she did
get two polish ladies used to come to
her when my dad was sick but that was it
like she did it all herself mine anyways
um ya know it's just cuz we were spoiled
we never we never had to do chores like
this the most I had to do is like
dusting mm you have a hard time I clean
this whole room this morning
excuse me I actually did clean it though
it dusted and vacuumed and disinfected
but I have to do the disinfecting the
walls yeah I have to do the bedroom
look how gross this coffee table it's
not our coffee table it was it's a red
tea you can't win it was no one that was
here when we moved in but it's actually
gross this is why I put a runner on it
yeah cuz it's like totally think about
our next place he's gonna have to buy a
lawn furniture and stuff yeah it's cool
it's kind of more fun you know what I
get to start with how they have nothing
no money just like sitting like
squatting in a hat
like that's kind of fun though it is
kind of like you know the important
thing is that a media taken care of and
she does she has her own bed and caught
and chair and buggy and I think she
needs taken care of
we're money to pick up a bad on the day
yeah just to make sure we actually come
to bed or we just get a tent I need the
most important thing to get is like the
bed and couches thank you
yeah my so probably the most expensive
things but like a bed and couches
probably won't go it either no I hate
mother catches on my mom I just I don't
like when I slip and slide all over them
expert I know I know but that's we
didn't go in there are you sure yeah
okay you're just kind of sprinkle oh it
just went on justified
some water table is really stained
anyways Jonathan you like okay just put
the basin over there careful
oh my god it is working though it's that
top fit there it's just look it's like
you're moving it around that's what kept
happening to me as well the fireplace
smoke and stuff that would have come
through the fireplace
yeah it's like it's like nicotine on it
inside of a car that people smoking yeah
you just it's so hard to get rid of it
and you just keep snack is gone I was a
snack I hope it's not gonna be like very
liquid or whatever you used right
when final trip mama Charlotte has
because I have to return the wire to
Emma before she notices that we stole it
on her yeah I'm pretty sure she won't
watch the vlogs wait
oh here we go I actually got season five
myself my schmell first off at Netflix
so I don't have to actually get that
we're gonna watch that tonight 13 hours
excited huh
love it yeah why we are from there
that's how you grew up
Baltimore they actually I know went to
school in Roland Park in Baltimore and
actually I wanted the Memorial events it
was like oh I'm going to a fundraiser
for Roland Park it's like full circle
and you got limacon if you're in Roland
Park
well actually it's like a kindergarten
is it all right elementary here Watson I
didn't go to an elementary school I went
to a primary school in all of these
bills you have elementary okay let's go
I went to you you don't want sitting
there talking to them the jungle the
mighty jungle the baby sleeps to night
what are you guys in back there huh see
I'm not sure about this baby seat to be
honest
you guys see it like my little mirror
system the mirror that's kind of well
who you thank uh yeah probably if I did
I you can see her there when Shep she's
not there that's true you can see her
there you know let him she won't be
there I'm her her lease is up she took a
nine month lease um the time one of
these was it did she pay a deposit
she'll have to get on for positive
retention you guys give her an apposite
back
all right back you go back you go and no
one will ever know the wire collection
place you in there no one will ever know
we did it thing is we played the odds we
beat the system let's check on the cat's
make it cats you guys later
yes hi Nicholas hey yo Nicholas oh
there's still plenty
you're still plenty I'll give you guys a
top-up though your mommy your mommy home
soon a couple of hours I totally give
you a bit of a top-up you know it's a
sort of a copy off can I can i top you
off there sir until you think it's are
they saying they fancy restaurants we
get your wine and tuck you off there
that seems nice nice it seems nice kid
Mickey oh you didn't know hey Dee Arnie
honey
all right let's blow this joint we did
it Ernie Cooper mission was a success
it's your last chance to redeem yourself
okay so you know in a petrol station
where the petrol comes on that's called
a fork or even ease does not believe me
what do you think it's cause had you
ever hated that's what's called a
forecourt that's called a forecourt this
in common no that's called a 4-course in
the central courts in Dublin
that's called a forecourt the forecourt
is the thing where that goes well drop
three girls again you know yes
so yes but then no oh you like that are
you
you're just kind of like you just kind
of work with the idea that you're gonna
take it home but then at the last second
do you find something better is it's
done but yeah it's just a lot about your
personality
yeah Mike means I like to commit to
something I'll say hey I will I will
take you I will take you and old keep
you and not only that I will take your
friends too
you know I'm a bit of a menage-a-trois
okay cuz that's who I am I'm a
commitment guy you know not like you
I'll sleep
look the car seat actually has the
purpose right now it's the M it's the
sweet seat it's the treat seat lets you
put all your treats you're making the
noises she you did rubs you put the ear
and so it's like mmm that is actually
mien was making so much I said Packers
I said burgers the saucy Fish Company
chili lemon ginger dressing what are we
having that way corn Oh potatoes that
will be the food what would I know I'm a
man I just know how to gather
corn on the cob
whipped it potato and the thing yeah how
do you cook it you just grill it
grilling I can do that's about it you
boil it
what do you none knows you don't point
it Oh No say microwave or oven no okay
barbecue hob see that's don't my newest
I'm gonna see you boil it until tender
place the Kelvin unfolded boiling water
and cook for eight minutes until tender
Oh barbecue see barbecue play with my
mother spoiling places in what about
boiling
thanks good oh is it going yeah yeah
alright okay the potatoes and sweet I
better open these actually
I'm not gonna wear like a team effort
here teamwork
he's a home garden not from my home
he'll someone else's home
packed by looks we can't the government
they're packed in lust but we're dig dug
up this morning my questions are
available what is best to fight
differently was origin Ireland look yeah
from lost you guys live a look I got
your potatoes
what you up yank it I'll be your oh
they're so cute this sound cute that's
how I looked out the our sweet corn and
potatoes was coming that sweet corn
are you photoshopping in the kitchen
yeah de lemon
see look it's Nando's Perry Perry lemon
oh sorry little dude
nanos parents season row so here's the
corner after it's been boiled my one
there oh okay
just know what happened there yeah my
Owens on this side which has got all
that stuff on it I'm seeing Nene says
none oh really
I'll put some on after but I always get
that when I order DM none knows let me
drain these area okay let me drain this
Fe almost there
that's right reusing the water that's
what everything to me it's good for the
environment
scissors scissors check don't run with
them get some water out of the go
nice nice moves hmm oh that's the kind
of sounds I like fun things are
happening in there turn it off nice that
the chilly one yeah yeah YUM hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
