happy fall term so 20 days guys huh
wouldn't you think of that oh don't
never learn
oh my god coming full term like finding
about full term is that they are they
make you pay today it's a paid of
balance just in case everybody because
I've you had the baby then they're
you're like no it's okay I don't want to
pay it's okay I'm good I'm okay
you'll baby before the baby no we got a
nip and get out we got to take out a
billion euros we saw someone in the
comics was asking them and like oh does
not have like a free general health care
and yes it does but if you want you can
a like we have a private health
insurance and we have chosen to have
private care so we're gonna have a
private obstetrician in a private ward
and then we have a private after care
and then you have to pay for that and
it's like really expensive or you can go
to this entire process for free you get
a free bread you get a free OB get free
scans you get an aftercare you get a
government nurse will come around your
house and do all that's up if you want
if you wanna so that is available just
saw some comments like doesn't Arlen
have a say yeah yeah yeah Ireland is the
first world country folks yeah most
expensive country in Europe which is
kind of suck but I like it I like it you
like it we'll take it take it you just
saying imagine you're at peace ample
actually fell out of your bag and
dropped on the ground and broke good P
you interviewer oh yes excuse me about
that sorry sorry about that
oh I'll clean that up that's not water
that's not water you know it does look
like water which is a good thing you
know you tell to get it what's up to
this I took with this girl
No - this lockers what's this
what's that one glamour Charlie got
though just Avellino that's the old
problem with one of it like 2 or 2
liters a day she's I have to pee every
like 20 minutes like I'm gonna fight
using nappies for you're expecting yeah
when you're expecting the first year
wait a second these are wrong no no no
no no no this this yeah yeah no toddler
year first year second year the toddler
years are like when it begins to walk
oh really toddlers first so time there's
like six months
so first toddler second not Sonny now
Sonny Sonny Sonny time so I just went to
check up on my my mobile contract
everybody got two months left so what I
might do is that maybe next week or
something I might drop in on my payoff
might buy out of my contract and then
hook us up with some shiny new phones
you gotta hasn't had a phone since we
lived in London we got a 3GS iPhones in
London when they were cool and popular
they're not so good about it anymore but
HCC ex ones white hates ECX ones it's a
future yo all right let's go have a baby
all right let's go see if a right to
have a baby
oh thank you but that's actually the
other way which is kind of funny because
Wilton Shopping Center is actually this
way why would they send you the wrong
way around red mouse I don't know I
don't know
full term and driving into the maternity
hospital
the stigma someday someday very soon
we'll be coming in here but like breed
breeding your breathing it is there Oh
in each room we're gonna have I'll be
got a nice of my nights of you gonna
daughter have you got something in a
teal you know although on there from
here to Maternity last night it was the
girls into Warner Burke
oh my god and then she was like oh I
don't want the EPI girls I want a
natural water birth then it turned out
that there was too painful Burke and she
his first time so she didn't know and
then she got the IP journal and stuff
and then they had it just didn't work
out to us and she died I didn't fully
but the baby just wouldn't come out or
something wasn't breech or anything you
know and I was like on oh my god and
then like she ended up hopping have a
c-section two of us like we were crying
at one point no we was so sad because
she we just wanted to naturally and
stuff and then it just got more and more
complicated as it went along you know
and I was like oh my god like that
couldn't just happen you know sorry
Gramps but I could just happen like it's
like oh my god it's kind of scary isn't
it hope the things so broken nuts it's
fixed nothing not 2d photo right
250 an hour
Oh God hopefully today is a short one
look it's fancy and new hello can I get
a Big Mac and fries
thank you for using the machine
good bye I have been uncovered can you
see that for like 15 minutes gonna give
up the tire but to do this but sometimes
you just have to like hello
I can't stay I can't stay oh my god it
was so annoying 15 minutes on hold so no
baby today we didn't have a baby and he
says 38 weeks maybe he's just trying to
be cool a little a little after lunch
you know munch pea in the herd some
acupuncture herbs I like a puncture you
sure get some curves in there huh she
just be better all day long nobody pick
you food ever again
we did
get this bad boy but 630 K
it's a bit heavy because you will be so
early I work at anything so I was like I
don't have sleeper than 30 cows and then
have a big work here welcome to the
chicken and cheese Saturday
but you know what this bonus just
happened he's like I'm sorry but that
comes from this thing called focaccia
oh yeah don't be knows about the catcher
Joe Paxson
yum-yum reapply enimies come on like
you're you're you're representing
pregnancy people worldwide anyway I
finally got true after being on hold for
a million years and I finally got the
phone sorted look what happened no I
took so long on hold that the phone is
now sorted but look it's dead the phone
is that's it everybody died so thank you
for answering the phone and fixing my
phone free but now my phone is dead
because he took so long on hold
how do you feel about that you can't
nest you can't nest here yeah I see the
Tina's the way can I borrow dye can we
just keep it this one's over every time
every time I create a rumor so my idea
is cleaning something or mopping or
dusting except forbid you to hide the
Duster let's go in note that all right
mom
Rastamouse with some music rastamouse is
deadly I love Rastamouse
maxima this is my best friend we should
totally get oh we can't harass demands
right maybe she'll grow up talking like
a Rasta give me a theater try me let me
try would you try touch and talk t time
baby
I feel weird I'm like poking a baby this
is Amelia come with like a try me stick
or understood me don't be such a funny
t-shirt or something that like a baby
girl I had tried me on it well then yeah
oh this is what the media is gonna be
into can't wait to build on my lego with
her this Christmas just gonna get all
Lego should be like barely even like
three months old I am looking for some
how come out because somebody tweeted me
she said get some talcum powder and put
it in your sock because most of the like
friction starts
the moisture consider some later good
know what she said
pick a moisture oh yeah and associate
fill yourself when I fill it I was
imagining myself an entire side filled
in a broom or talcum how you're only
what look guys one my arms today
mainly because they've been eaten my
editor she is right eaten by my pack of
wolves why do you think I think we
should get is a first aid kit what's
this new porn starter pack no I fell for
other stuff anyway yeah cuz I know today
you're looking for plasters you know I
was like ok I think it's time to our
birthday cake before I've never had one
in my house but I was like you should
probably Apple in like you know put some
stuff because my mom worked in a
hospital I'm my grandfather worked in
the hospital
we always had like all that stuff
available to us just get a small one I
reckon yeah this baby powder the same
thing it's how compatible when they call
the talcum powder
Oh player doesn't have talking
what does what tells me well it's bad
what do people know you know what stout
I have been given the list because
apparently I lose focus quickly so I
give me the list to keep me grounded
they don't get lost
next time let's donuts no it's bananas
bananas looks like Donuts you can very
easily buy donuts on today
right rubbish Liberty climbs
to promote red onion salad salmon
all right getting this finally because I
didn't get the bonanno's last time oh
it's just home garden baby potatoes did
we get let's go home Brendan
drop them there oh wait is it kind of
big thing go generally through this
right
Patsey chicken I was like you know I
wonder what the calorie count is on all
right just had the curiosity you know
and then says I'm a hundred grams right
but 400 gram this is cheaper than maybe
five grams it's like why didn't they
just say exactly how much it is for a
whole meal it's not like I'm going to
have only a hundred grams worth of it
you know I'm just gonna have a hundred
grams and there's 120 calories it's like
yet it's 560 calories for the meal but
it's like why not say that because they
know that like they say it after the
mind by it whereas they're trying to
make it seem like someone might just
glance over and go so 120 calories for a
whole meal it's like cancer sometimes or
die due proportion and a packet of
biscuits or like 20 40 calories
proportionate your portion is too it's
like if I'm buying a boat if I'm buying
a pack of biscuits
I intend to eat the whole packet of
biscuits
okay they just plain take it it's yogurt
in orange dark chocolate an orange milk
chocolate rice cake
what are these ones yogurt rice cakes
I'm gonna try these things out guys just
those things I got yesterday these ones
that they were there were nice like but
the amounted like stuff in them like
it's crazy you know I kind of hot out
I've eaten in one like where oh I love
mint oh yeah I'm gonna get dark
chocolate mint are these the same things
but it is still all healthy and stuff
okay you want to try them let's get two
packs then you know I just want to try
them because I'm actually at she tastes
nice like a giant light today
was important we get here Barry I
probably don't you get the bay you know
I'm not that pushing the very I love
mint I love mint I just want to get
there I want to get the nicest ones
possible therefore the best chance of me
actually liking them maybe I'll try a
cal c'mon and I'll try inorganic yeah no
no yet because it's got min yeah okay
okay see yogin I'm not sure about we've
got let's do this
give you some comments tell guys if um
if you dig on styrofoam you're a psycho
phone either like me screams but look
apparently relies on melissia beauty
cream foundation there's a rule about
things being on a list if they're not on
a list you can't just you can't just
everything this willy-nilly oh no
there's a procedure an application form
application form to be needs we send our
verified stamp and returned within four
working days and then you can add or
take something off the list after
processes prophecy and you guys
collecting them collecting these things
because we are and you just got like I
think after I lost shopping trip we have
enough now to get a bag
we sure I was gonna get one for Nina for
the hot dogs I think they're actually
really good yeah they're like Swiss once
you have for the hospital because the
stuff we have is kind of oldish you know
we haven't bought bikes and ages and
he's actually quite good we'll keep on
going
yeah yeah exactly I was like oh my god I
open I saw the Opera at first I didn't
even know that they might even know what
they are but now my character speaking
of which here's one here look his mamas
Tyler's got one that's what got me
interested in and that's like oh my god
it's dirt in the camera lens but I was
like oh my god they're actually really
good aren't they
look sis so that's why I was like oh my
god I won't wonder am there anything is
hold on that better yeah anything is he
actually got like loads in them so it's
like oh my god I have to say of like
loads of tokens so have you have loads
of token jokes
don't be jokes ok ok I'm a yoga mat yoga
mat Jenny the thing I say to you today
about the Pele box and stuff you know I
don't people to think that what I'm
saying is that like we love getting like
letters and cards and stuff for people
you know and I want to acknowledge
people for sending stuff when it's um
it's really thankful a lot like we're
not opening or mean like meanie guts
where is it that's what Sylvania stuff
mama Slovenian stuff okay where is it
fairies do yoga mat it
okay cuz I'm Kofi starting to doing a
bit of conditioning while I'm already
doing some conditioning but I wanted to
like step up my conditioning so I needed
to get a mat and then I was about to buy
wood and I remembered that we have we
have one from ages ago and then I
remember those heater and amaya
and then I forgot about it every single
time we came here about a million times
but now I have remembered right let me
just feed the cats and then we shall get
powder here whose name is in the car I
shouldn't want to get after I don't know
come on this way
foods this way food is this way this way
to the food oh this actually sit hey
Nikolas Nikolas hey Nicky Nicky Nicko
lies Nick don't you turn your back on me
don't you turn your back at me don't you
walk away from me when I'm talking you
Nikolas stretch get the num-nums you
guys have a good bit of num-nums here
I'll top you up though because I'm here
now and wants to come back laters laters
later
yeah top that off will top that off you
good written there top this off tough
this off gonna top this off your ass I'm
thinking about lately just remind me cuz
I'm looking through the camera and I saw
my tattoos
Oh like I need to start coming up with
ideas for a immediate tattoo which I'm
thinkin I'm gonna go here if this area
here is booked that for Amelia him so
I'm like if you guys want to leave me I
know when I was doing a live show our
last time I asked me go through some
submit ideas if you had any mic if you
guys are like cool artists and stuff I
died like I want to write Amelia on my
arm but I'm not really sure how I wanted
I kind of want it along here you know
I'm like I don't know like I'm not
really that good I'm a digital artist so
I can create art using the process
of polygon manipulation not so much with
the freehand design and tattoos are
freaking design so many guys want to hit
me up on Facebook or Twitter tweet me
our Facebook me ideas drawings pictures
things like that perfectly so if you
draw your stuff anyone can come up with
it a really good
Emelia type thing I don't know okay
that's me done I'm out of here whoa okay
so I am put a talcum powder just getting
ready on my tenacious d that's my timer
that I use obviously I switch around it
away so I'm I put the baby powder oh
gosh
so I want to put it that it pops like
that okay so I'm just gonna put the
shocked thing I can't do just one hand
but I put the sake into it and popped it
once and then let's see if this makes a
difference it just kind of makes sense
to me though cuz I do remember I think I
used to do this or definitely nursed in
gymnastics he's putting our hands and
our bodies and stuff like that so maybe
you'd better something to this
we'll find out momentarily anyway
what's that forty minutes about ten feet
aguar this is when the burn gets heavy
the top competitors amazing and weird
that 56 this is what I watched by the
way there is just a life she's mad
oh my god hey 15 kilometers holy crap
and oh my god
that baby powder is amazing
no pain oh my god you are a godsend your
lady gonna find out who you are you are
my new best friend
no fall asleep in the shower is what I
want avenge in my shower oh my god whoa
I am pumped and wrecked at the same time
mixture by endorphins and destroying
this it just turned pouring rain and all
my washing his head so I hate you
did you get it I hate this stupid thing
though it was all so dry can you imagine
yeah just just my stuff appears to be
wet your self appears to be okay here's
justice sight both oh my god just look
at the window as I going oh no I just
run 50 commoners know it and I have to
taste it oh we hate filming wait
keep filming late I know I holiday we
have like this system like a schedule or
like a routine can I think that we've
gotten into I'm like and then she gave
us another early appointment to like we
have to do things like I don't know if
you guys ever notice but like we never
filmed the vlog so much like early in
the day because we're always working and
just how it works yeah you have to and I
always film when I have like the most
energy which is in the in the morning
time and now I'm just so tired like I'm
so so drained and we take your phone I
did but I have to do the bunker shot I'm
not in the pregnancy like I never have
to see pictures from my blog and it's
like way late like it was supposed to be
up like what don't worry you guys go
Anna didn't get that much sleep last
night either
yeah well it's just like destroyed its
new beast have you seen it man you're
not very good girl I was trying to do
her eyes like cleaning her oh yeah and
she wouldn't let me know patch just like
will not let you you know who is the
best at being groomed yeah
see oh Nevaeh yeah I'm the one who
smells like I'll be there
mmm she loves that America she just sits
there like she lets me do whatever
whatever and I'll Beach the same way
it's crazy
she's so like outdated so funny yeah and
she looks like him too
do you mean look like I'll be no you
look very alike as well but you're
smaller so and you're kind of a brat -
and you look usually like a polar bear
and you just look like your mom hi hi
you're just hyper all the time it just
stinks of talcum powder what I saved my
life
talking matter saved my life there are
some goings-on going on come on Albie
see what all this ruckus is down here
did it get stuck they they don't
understand give some value you want what
they won't allow him don't walk away in
shame
don't back in anger swap the see Oh
peanut butter and ice just peanut butter
and I used to grab it with your teeth
yeah good boy there you go there you go
stick it on your palate doesn't
understand hey guys
probably when you get that watch so here
you love that way
no the peanut butter its organic it's a
litters OS demands oh because it was
just the remainder of it they're so cute
but they kept sniffing it in there
hey I know everything you're over the
price they kept sniffing it give it a
good sniffing they don't catch each
other's cooties good on the little pugs
but do not smash it No ninis is it okay
that's gonna spoil the fun that's gonna
spoil the fun I know but it'll end up in
the garden smashed
well it might and smash will it end up
in the garden everything ends up in the
line know what don't listen to that
lovely fix your ant problem talcum
powder what I thought I be
good boy good boy Albie I think in one
of her awoken state yeah say hello to
everyone let me see
it's where two movements a little effect
own Ian she knows I'm not ready to be on
the vlogs and dad another 20 days that's
something she goes mental and min ago
she's going crazy
see I think she has less space in the
Perico pink building that's her bum bum
is there scratchy and the bum bums
look what those yeah her bum all right
when you do that like it hurt her - oh
sorry sorry it's like when he puts his
hands on the but he's like super rough
stuff well he's not rough but he's just
not afraid he's just like and grab this
move this like it's fine it was these we
find in the beginning now that she's
bigger I think she has a nice room or
something yeah but less space so every
time it's like we're see me know okay I
mean yeah maybe maybe maybe tomorrow
you'll be on the vlogs
no not 20 days mm-hmm
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
