oh my gosh I just got a manicure too son
I swear it's bleaching out my gorgeous
act 1624 I don't know the silly score go
team fight fight win I want to show you
something what right oh what's that do
you see it is this is this another
spider Oh No
okay somebody park the train at the door
sorry you've got to move your train not
really what I was imagining when you
said you'd moved to Train I was thinking
more of a nice where are we going
what's happening here it is super sunny
and that puts me in a sad moment think
about this is the first year guys that
this day normally around this time every
year we're in Sorrento and it's the
first year since our wedding that we are
not Oh better be worth it don't open
that don't open that don't open that I
can't share yes what I'm talking about
well hoping it's gonna be worth it if
not I'm gonna be very upset
well yeah I'm just gonna pretend to just
eat my buffalo mozzarella
rucola Pomodori Nene oh we got every day
we will tomorrow salad
mozzarella salad caprese everyday oh
just go swimming in the sea what get
back
where is it guys
oh there it is guys see Emma's play what
what's this new toll system you guys
have you know guys this is your last
week of holidays it's school next week
yeah
are you excited you're in reception now
when's next week well know you've got
one full week off still and then school
Julio's and then somebody's fifth
birthday party huh
five somebody's toothless oh geez how do
you just fall over and Eduardo you're
going he is gonna be little but he's
going to be in your old class for your
old teachers maybe he'll sit at your old
seat that'll be the Saucony Jolie seat
only the corny Jolie who did you sit
beside you school all the time
some Sun so I sit next to all my friends
everything all it changes all the time
because they all want to sit next to me
it seems like any oh that's nice we did
wired are gonna sit beside Josh what
about Livvy
she is Livi's in your class in
kindergarten and you have to wear a big
uniform now all right we need to get all
these suitcases into the car guys don't
have any money on me I forgot my wallet
oh okay well I'll just go back inside
then
No
hi
but this I want money I don't have any
money
all right go to Oh Mac you've all
Mikado's real money please oh yeah yeah
that's what it's got to now money money
money
it's were no what are you doing Eduardo
get your foot out of her shoe yeah
next time you see her you're gonna be
five whoa
you're gonna see her in Ireland yeah on
the book tour
we're gonna go to visit Alma's house
Oh
it's feeling struggle
No
teacher
is it one evening it's gonna be
lunchtime it's gonna be new to chat in a
minute okay you want some water
would you like some water I know but
would you like some water rice we got
some lunch and uh made us some pretzel
she even went out and bought the
cardboard and everything to make it seem
like a legit experience very excited I
got a steak salad so let me see what we
got here
hey what hey it's mine please thank you
look at this thing we thank you is it
Eduardo okay mm-hmm
well they got pizzas and I got some of
this and we're pretending we're in
Sorrento just imagine right there
mmm every time you guys were nap she
just starts crying I'm waking up holy
sad huh
made a cute little outfit uh-huh no one
child is losing teeth and her child is
growing teeth huh all right
anyway let's put some Teta thingies on I
want to see if that makes it better well
we think that might make it better huh
because if you don't take if you don't
hear enough if you don't do anything
else
yeah if you don't do your knobs you're
gonna be you're cranky who want to be a
cranky cook want to be a cranky coop
want to be a cranky coop I'm doing two
questions is if you want to be a cranky
couch hmm you stay there mrs. Meighan
ah-ah-ah don't people don't pour daddy's
beauty Harris
all right now we take a tea now if you
open up open up let me see open up ah oh
oh it's a property can you guys see look
look it's like a proper little tooth
there now yeah wait a second that is the
exact one that amelia is losing that is
crazy you guys are literally losing and
gaining the same toot don't wait daddy's
finger like it is to the monkeys over
there this is live inside to give these
to my slime in the slip and slide oh I
guess she can't climb the slip and slide
he alright oh I think she can climb to
slip and slide
oh oh oh oh no oh no immediate Thomasina
is almost at the top
can she make it I mean a world record or
will the alligator Chomper she made it
and then some add some work here I move
the things from the front to here
oh hello Ariel
because we need SunAmerica it just
doesn't wear oh you all right it doesn't
wait the whole thing here look listen to
me now I have a warning for everybody
all right if you're gonna give yourself
I'm gonna get one of these I'm gonna
turn it on all the time and it's gonna
be so much fun
true do you remember that time when we
did it for like a week and we turn the
house into like a waterpark yeah my
electricity bill was over 2,000 pounds
so yeah oops
is this right
they're like oh let me check all right
yeah you seem to have like normally it's
about a hundred or so a month or
something but two and a half thousand
pounds in that in that 28-day cycle I
was like oh maybe we shouldn't leave
this thing running all day long I did
now have it on considerably for like a
whole days at a time while they were
playing during that Sun time but as it's
a lesson I have learned for you hmm
how we feeling when we feeling you want
to go down the slide
you ain't gonna slip and slide
mmm-hmm are you guys climbing up
together they think they can climb the
slip and slide
oh brother Oh
Oh Eduardo yes and dancing is made
sheesh
and this but so there
who's coming okay I hear the sound of a
beeping do you hear the beeping my
friends do you hear the beeping of the
creeping dinner is served
homemade oh yeah that's what we're
talking about that's what I'm talking
about slaved over it Lutz slaved over it
what are we getting the kids miski
Moscow organic creamy and salmon
post-roll but that's not enough for them
so we're adding some more stuff it's
that kind of a day friends when all your
food comes in plastic wrap you know what
I'm talking about you know the day
friends it's the last weekend it's the
last it's a bank holiday before
everything kicks off you know I
definitely feel though if we were to
have a moment and to remember this time
that this summer I kind of feel like I
failed the kids a little bit because I
wasn't prepared for the summer holidays
and we're doing something else massive
and it really took a lot of our time and
all of our monies and everything at this
summer to do it so we just didn't really
go anywhere I do anything and then at
the end of the summer now I'm like okay
next year this is the plan for next year
guys kids are off for nine weeks for at
least six of those weeks we're gonna go
away we're gonna spend two weeks in
Ireland we're gonna spend two weeks in
Disneyworld somewhere in the US I'm
going to spend two weeks in Italy we're
gonna do that next year that's the plan
just watch and hold me to remind me to
write the year but I'm gonna do it
school and buying straight over to
Ireland maybe on River Shannon or over
in Cork or just somewhere like phone we
could rent some air BB or some sort of
like house or pool or something cool
like that maybe off the west coast or
something then
get head over to Orlando and do like two
weeks in Disneyworld the amazing fun
again we could come back here maybe for
two weeks and then go to Sorento for two
weeks
maybe space them out a little bit so
they like digs flow and then bang we're
back in school I don't think the kids
don't have a great fun holiday that's
the plan lads or we get a camper van and
we drive across Australia well provided
this is provided we don't have more
babies but yeah that's my plan hold me
to it
oh oh oh my goodness the finale of Game
of Thrones is on tonight well yeah you
know they don't know it's about holiday
it's still on and then MacGregor fire
I'm paying for that guys can you see my
eyes oh my goodness Hey paying for that
anyway let's dish this up rowm well boom
boom boom with half an hour by the way
I'm actually having this leftover and
salmon and rice that we had last night
so we're having this a mighty mighty
meaty munch you have an amazing image
look at the family affair
well left is gonna happen at how many
affair half the family affair I'm just
gonna sit here you're eating aren't you
your pizza pasta it's a pasta pizza
pasta a picture of you ready ready jeez
okay did your bitch yeah you're looking
at it hmm oh did you hear that
that was daddy's dinner that was daddy's
jinnah
well it's actually salmon rice
