come on you gotta get it spic and span
when Amelia comes speaking man I have
you the back in me because play goes our
delight vacuum apparently I think I
think you guys are all in this one
together
ha ha you can't do the stairs iou's ok
Pilate gonna put the puppies uh-uh-uh-uh
you guys stay in here for a minute okay
you'll have great fun trust me cuz I
need to the stairs there's a pain in
there holy moly
Nathan Joey you're that everybody else
is there
I'm a role model problem
so ever good deal on that chair Jeremy
go Danny might work out so I'd look good
for my wife and then I did a cleaning
because I don't want upset my wife and
then Jimmy's making lunch wife in an
anime that's said to be a good husband
whoa see all that dust bunnies in me I'm
doing the dusting that's all Malaya
so the kids
giving em to me for moving stuff and
trying to Hoover I did actually like
listen wait what are you doing yeah if
you shaved and all your little hairs
went everywhere
I want to do it see that's the thing I
would control three if I want to do it
and so if I'm not allowed to it I'll
like go around and order he's got a
dinner and tell him like what to do
nice book packs
animals yesterday I almost killed myself
because I like slipped it was really bad
her teeth number one like descended on
me oh my god it was starting anymore I'm
happy and I use the mop as a crutch like
my stuff that was gone my stuff that's
what it was
I need to put this back in his hair
otherwise he actually came out oh my god
Oh fix you know this is true I don't eat
mayonnaise what are they doing you know
to good subs there nope it's the peanut
butter always for the peanut butter deal
I would like this pronto no because
there's only one in them and then they
fight over it and then and everyone my
favorite I can't get home favorite
little pots OTO I thank you for even the
thought of earth knows now
I also played ham guys you're never
gonna get it you look for him and for
her he's at her foot ripping imitate
what a good trip
what oh yeah learning the wind has been
closing the door for us I'll be enjoyed
that it separates above the zoo today
and patio in the hall and everybody else
is in here
what cuz there are no separate I'll be
from the bunch yeah we're trying to
figure out we're gonna do join ya
neighbor D bar yeah we do you are a full
term tomorrow folks in here buggers so I
am
yeah cuz momma Schneider said she'd come
over but she doesn't like when the dogs
can get to the front door because
there's so many I'm obviously were used
to them now but she's afraid that I'll
get out yeah yeah yeah yeah when I go in
and and in it and they know what I mean
like so when United trying to figure out
what we should do is like we need to
stop them coming through the front door
so I was like oh I'll put a gate here
but that thing isn't long enough to fit
here sounds like close them in the
kitchen but it's quite a small area for
them to be in and then I wasn't working
angry at them but right then they will
be glad like for around 24 hours or so
like your mom will drop in once the
baby's out you'll probably you don't I
mean I'll come home here feed them and
stuff but I have I getting in over the
next few days I'll be in and out yeah
you know putting them home here spend a
couple hours here
we don't want to see the Baker but I
love my little yellow fact onehans mm
you affect omean with the Victorian a
you affect own Ian are you affect own
Ian it's a colony Joey Fatone Ian so I'm
gonna make dinner right now I decided I
was gonna make spaghetti bolognaise
veggie spaghetti bolognese and this is
very very simple it's so easy it's the
way I do it so easy and it tastes really
good because I'm jovis didn't read he he
doesn't really like well he does like
pasta anyways so I have to be like Cara
and I love pasta I would eat it every
single night if I could a little bit but
um so if we kind of careful that like
wadding what kind of honest I cook
because he's really fussy but I came up
with this recipe which isn't even a
recipe it's like it's so basic when I
show you the ingredients you're gonna be
like yeah that's like what no it's four
four ingredients so it's really easy but
I kind of had to tweak a little bit
because like we've tried a few different
things and he didn't really like it that
much and whatever so it's not a typical
spaghetti bolognaise at all it's not cuz
typical spaghetti bolognese would have
like carrots and celery and like more
onion probably and there's stuff in it
but this just has these ingredients so
corn mince spaghetti obviously a pepper
a red pepper and this this is the
organic pasta sauce the tomato and chili
pasta sauce so it's a spicy one and for
some reason this works really well with
the pepper and the bonito it just tastes
really really good and then you usually
put parmesan on top so that's really
five ingredients yeah but five
ingredients so easy it's one of those
meals that we use you do on like some
days or one days when well could I ever
feel like cooking but you know those
days where you just
you just feel like being lazy you know
we spent the whole entire day cleaning
what you everybody have a great because
it's really clean and I have my doctor's
appointment tomorrow I also filled in
our calendar which I may have forgotten
to do like every song about it raining
gross okay um I forgot to do it like
every single one so I filled in that and
then look what I did for next month
cuz next one maybe he'll be here so I
put her first
because I was writing down all the
pregnancy updates and stuff all the
weeks and that's her due date so I
thought it would be it would be fitting
if she were first like that so um that's
really cute
I can't wait can't wait for us to be
like a little family I know we're
already pretty big family with all these
what is on your shelf grass yeah and
look Bianca and scene are always
together
they're like besties they're best
friends and they are need buddies as
well that's like she ready put them on
the leave together because they work so
well do you wanna go up you complaining
one for one so you know doesn't have her
bow in because because um tell me it
ripped it out CEO or somebody I can't
remember if you did so it's actually up
here because I don't put it on top of
the coffee machine because I don't want
they just rip it about five again so
yeah I didn't put in her hair anymore
but I'll be this the more important one
because with that his bow I don't think
he can really see very well and his hair
a lot longer as well but yeah I'm gonna
get started on dinner and then I have a
ton of laundry to hang out and now I can
hang it outside because it's raining ice
candy
let me cook up a storm Oh Oh yum yum yum
Yum's from my tongue gums not really our
tongue Holmes what you never know
goodness they're just so unruly and Dana
there Oh baby oh I feel
kisses for everyone keep repair what's
that yeah
do you want Barbican or just me maybe
and gap they're having me there
mm-hmm get the parmesan on the goal
Amazonian yum-yum thanks a lot Mimi's
well done
where's the videos Bubba's a wind farm
mozillian let's just let's not talk
about that parmesan in here all right
how much one tickle tickle or a freckle
Oh maintaining logging can't even see
cuz of the car I've got okay that always
happens but you're you're driving down a
small country lane and someone is coming
forward then they handle it the least
you could do is turn your lights off
when you're driving toward somebody you
know or we can all turn our lights off
what everyone turned our lights off it
would probably be safer and then one
person happened that I'd done and one
person on it no is there is there a flaw
in my plan I don't see any flaw in my
plan do you leave me comments with my
flaw in the plan but
this road this roads better last night
it's a shame though because it's raining
it's always raining rain rain Tober
Nona's August rain dust
rain rain you light rain noon rain gusty
I incorporated rain into all the money
you like that
pillows like actual are new for cats
oh you've got ones there
oh we're just late it's all cat ones
until they go what no much bigger huh
hello cream-filled treats baked to the
South Center healthy enemies vicious a
fan sucks feel huh fashion freak that's
as you are I'm a spider-man where
football crazy or bigger that's me
alright over again stock up and supplies
Sunday feast I say I call upon the
Sunday feast you can invoke the Sunday
fee spend any time in your life you
should try it
say it sunday feast oh wait a second
it's Monday for you guys you just missed
bitch oh she's saying that you know I'm
sometimes the car is like you know like
low on petrol or like the e light is on
or it's on you know at the end of the
thing and sometimes you can we don't
drive that much I'm always like I'll
just leave for a couple of days cuz
doesn't mean anything and I was just
taking like cooking our factorization
before I think about this and I was like
you my Geneva was one of those nights
you know and I'm you good to lay but
like 3 o'clock in the morning somewhere
left and we have to get the bishop town
which is let us say like 20 kilometers
maybe 30 kilometers away and my reserve
tank is 50 kilometers so like you
imagine you were down you have to get
petrol but then like everywhere was
closed there's one 24-hour in Douglas
but I was like in jeepers like you have
to kind of like be prepared every night
to have a baby
because at midnight tonight in two hours
and 30 minutes you're gonna be full term
holy crap
hey the sensor light oh there it is
see the sensor I didn't come on okay
guys the darkness
we made it inside the house and the
rainy Rainey's sunflowers oh hello kitty
cats kitty cats the food train has
arrived
Nikolas Nikolas Oh who's it another food
hmm
Nikolas Nikolas
now let's get some num nums
no no I'm if what's the craic it's a
story mate all right let's do you smudge
your room first
there we go
why is the cat water oh so icky no maybe
they put something in it themselves the
cats that is about the humans the humans
just put water in the water bowls I
don't know the answer oh you know the
answer
Smarties cuz Smarties have the answer
sorry Nick there we go there we go
everyone how's it being fed hey miss hey
Miffy oh dear the prize
if your appearing nikki is out yeah
little prairie Oh close your eyes enjoy
the Rose mm-hmm it's a little fun
I'm cat paws so cute look at them you
see how can we see let me see here the
paw you just want rose and not look at
her trying to get the rope or him
otherwise the lights flashing in there
there's a flashing light situation you
guys okay I look around for a few
minutes
I do gorge yourself I mean so am this is
what I ended up with
it's tiny tiny many calories I will tell
you because I've just eaten one it
tastes similar to styrofoam with a hint
of sour cream and chive this is like our
Sunday tradition Nene gets out the old
nail barn and these amazing godlike I'm
actually gonna give that a go I'm gonna
have shiny Nails I wanted to get the
shininess but maybe maybe Steven who
notices the difference
Nene's having us have some Fig Newtons
if you are in America here's the
question sweet Newtons are they similar
to disc
this is fig rolls we have them in UK and
Ireland did have them in like Italy and
Spain and France and Germany and okay
well in England Ireland Jacob's make big
rolls and we're discussing because Anna
was saying one of her friends and was
creative him freak Newtons and I was
like is that the same thing leave us
some comments and let us know and this
is our order Sunday night tradition oh
yeah
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
