it's the summertime so much summertime
it's too soon huh vicious creatures oh
god it's lashing rain some earth wonder
wonder it's away my toesies oh my god
it's like some rain what's up with that
it was so nice yesterday I was sitting
on that chair head side the sudden this
was glaring on me you enjoying that was
that tasty hmm is it you get any
nutrients is there protein in my pepper
they flip floppers so I'll have a couple
of capers no but they are something in
my hair
yeah oh my god here comes the stormy
weather as well gray skies stormy
weather this is ridiculous
I made that joke on Twitter yesterday I
was like what has fifty shades of gray
and Harlem got in common the weather Oh
someone's having morning sickness all
over again
knowledge yeah you should take a
pregnancy test seriously I think you
might be pregnant
it's funny the way at the end it's like
the start again yeah you know maybe
Amelia fragant she'd be doing in there
we're going off for for a bit of a treat
for ourselves you know we were left open
Rory to go
I had actually locked the doors and
everything yeah oh yeah yeah that's why
you need to give me the money
I think I'm talking wrong because
they're all they're all almost the same
size now it wasn't for the bow sometimes
I had mixed them all off
oh my god that is like one of my fears
number one night that happened yeah oh
my god imagine wonder well I'll be okay
you guys ready you guys ready - - good
the odds
Catina just drop hers did Cena just drop
it on the floor can't up and give it
look what I'm focusing it I distinctly
remember driving here yesterday with the
sign on in protests of the rain I'm
wearing sunglasses and I'm making a
t-shirt in protest and I've only no open
and I'm gonna get some songs I hope you
got
you look just like a merry-go-round I
thought the cold yeah
rat FM I thought we should totally check
that out
people think that I'm just filling loads
of little children now like why's that
guy driving by filming my children I do
sometimes yeah I love my wifey it's
awesome when you have a super hot wife
it makes life easier look because you're
not like oh god where's the wife here's
the white flats I'm like let's check out
the lab would you like to buy my wife
$100 on a camel I don't know why rubies
okay there goes the Sun find my my mood
has been tampered so guys I put my hand
up and say today I did not do any air
running because exactly Plus attorney
first right so I can use my miter D
first day to sit in here because I like
like one of my little thingies split
open my eyes run in the other day and I
just had to stop and I was like oh my
god and then five five days a week
I didn't realize it's every day yeah but
then I was like I know that I like when
I was like an active like I'm like I was
training like so much and I know how to
get into the mentality of pushing myself
I can just turn that on when I need to
so I felt like I can do that and they
did that yeah except for today
so I just felt like if I but if I kept
on going like if I work today
it will be even more sore tomorrow and
then it might actually stop me from
doing it so I was like look if I just
take a day have some nun knows
everything will probably work out and
we're matching that's what we must wait
the ice machine wasn't working
since water so Isis here
what
Manny's concern more doors are open or
something
no no never let margin if nobody can
never get connection here right guy I'm
excited you guys decided to watch those
Mendel's is this like the first bit of
like fried food we got in ages those
pizzas aren't fried we had a pizza that
was like I was in a fight we had knock
on time but that's not fried I'm just
smelling I'm like oh my line it smells
like fried food and we got asked him to
put the hot stuff the high powdery stuff
on it like berries in it that's the M
you can eat that but you have to get
this okay that's the rule
come on two days tomorrow two FS smarter
so we may be having contractions right
now it's just not you're looking it up
loading
symptoms of contractions tightening this
could be like one being long it could be
a one centimeter infraction Oh
we're going to have a baby in Nando's oh
my god you just had Germany yesterday
you were joking about it
happy inducing special yeah we had the
inducing job yesterday that would spicy
oh my god there was that one time
trouble I have the car seat in the car
so it's okay
just in case anybody there
which isn't we're sitting here having a
conversation just kind of reminded me
the fact that like it could actually
happen you know a good you be sitting
here having one of these conversations
on the firing back over myself but any
day now we can actually have a baby
people I kind of forget all the time
nobody was saying like I kind of forget
all the time yeah exactly you go to term
in two days
oh yeah
we turn it mean like what you saying a
lot like you know those people have
babies their day like I might remember
one of those that your body is one of
our bodies guys this red has a baby and
then the next few days a bit like I just
still feel like unprepared I think I'm
going to be unprepared all going up
until they actually had me a baby
like at one point and you're supposed to
be prepared like I don't see I don't see
it happening like
but I think we should walk around a bit
and you might feel better I think that
she might be leaning on a stomach or a
kidney or something you know do you feel
better yeah because I bet you've moved
her now
yeah so now what you knew her like
maybe they're street food dog
is this this is helping with the bloody
yeah I'm feeling better now
Media is almost able to touch yeah she's
gonna kick which one you want you just
hold on up as a kick
okay quick get what why do y'all see
Esther on them who's Esther Esther's
your cousin which one
what's it called crystal is Bellini
isn't a believed a drink that I hadn't
rent oh that blew my hand out I didn't
realize how much alcohol was in it and
then I drank it cupcake
look how pink that histo but I wouldn't
wear that yeah it's good too much I just
noticed that Ana has left me talking to
myself
alright I didn't want to do you I'm
thinking like look at least another
ankle support but I don't know what that
cuz I always get them right there but I
think it's because of the particular way
you see I think what happened was that
the three blisters that started at the
start and they're still there because I
keep running on them and they're not
going away I said stop it's what I'm
gonna try and do today you know yeah
yeah I was wondering with that but then
I'm like probably wouldn't actually you
know I'm like I have a particular idea
at the end of all this like in 30 days
I'll show you my particular routine of
how I actually wanna know people I call
it slip to gradually wandering it today
because if I were to one I have a sports
injury which is my knee here because I
was I was a 100-meter breaststroke
sprinter and I damaged my knee so if I
actually run on my knee
after a while my knee gets warmed up the
ligaments work together and I have it
Anika's on my fake me sometimes it just
happens when welcome sir just walking
around oh my god it just happened so
that's why I took the front off the
elliptical and I just run on it it'll
make sense when I show you guys a later
date
moment I'm gonna get this those magic
skin again and I'm going to bathe my
feet in hot water with some salt I'm
trying to loosen up the skin and then
reapply did you see them yeah I could
just get these ones they're probably the
same thing right okay well um so far so
good
maybe we'll have our baby in traffic on
the way home I decided that ever happen
these are some comments if you had one
of those em you know water broken oh my
god because well I asked Midwife from
we're doing our antenatal class I said
to her I was like how does that happen
if it takes 8 hours to go from 1 to 3
centimeters dilated
dennah further 6 hours to get to the 800
and then there are 2 hours on top of
that 10 and then delivery was like huh
what are you driving like from Dublin to
New York or something ok ok ok how could
you possibly you know happen like that
so and leave me comments if that's ever
happened to you or do you know anyone
that is a because you hear stories got
people that have babies in traffic yeah
or in an elevator you know stuff like
that or is that is that all fiction is
that all fiction imagine we end up
having our baby in traffic in an
elevator I'd be so annoying I'd be like
my aren't paying money for this yeah I
know
trishing guy and I have my baby in an
elevator you guys want to see how you
open an account region close the door
for a pregnant person I know wait wait
wait make sure no cars it's already
reversed back stop the door now
something's going to happen
something's about to happen oh is that a
walkies device is that a walkies device
walkies walkies
he's down point equals Kentucky's which
equals happy mommies are we ready yes
are we ready to go okay bring back here
bring my team Oh what in my crotch all
right hold on short lead everybody short
oh wait okay I put my team back here so
I see everyone is all right you go ahead
we're out on the big hill oh my goodness
it's so different like on the walk it's
like there's only one way to go well
there's two ways up and back but here
just like so many different things to do
and so many different places to go quick
signal they're so crazy come on come on
as you don't go near each other they
start freaking oh my goodness this is
difficult so easy husband at your
service what you want why don't you get
it why don't you get off your lazy bum
wing at it
and you still it's not want to try and
do the massage you think where we move
her I know but you want to move it to a
different place
yeah but you know what I think where you
can kind of like guide her off when you
hear one x-ray okay let's get to the
foot says start it out ah maybe it's
this book it might be tin - let's put it
up pretty hot turn on sure it's actually
getting hot
this should work they're like
technically speaking essentially yeah
I'm started getting myself a pedicure
here well but I had the actual and
varnishing and cleaning up the feet just
a selfish Saugerties want me to lie now
that is
probably wondering why am I not using
the buy thing don't fill this up in
about 30 seconds 10 seconds even because
we already have the heating on much
summer it's good to say winter gives it
is the winter so no hot water no heating
on means no hot water and heating comes
on around now time for them takes a
while to heat the cistern thing up so
this way it's easy cuz it's an electric
shower
how does this sport channel the sport
watch how is a shower sport liquid zinc
anyone explain to me how this shower is
sporty like what does it do the mix for
the salad showers there's so many
different like the sports out and look
through Saturday massaging show but
essentially you turn it on water comes
down what's the different you know what
my dream shower is watch it someday guys
Vision Quest secrets new vision board
whatever a shower and even though this
exists with multiple shower things
coming down cuz you don't so much in the
shower it's always that little spot
that's not getting the water it's not
getting the coverage for a deal well
imagine the shower system like 1 2 3
then the one on the side and one on the
other side and then a bench here I like
complete saturation from every angle
that is my dream I will have that look
what Nina found me all right I think we
got here deep spa magic salt brush voted
best body scrub ok wrong so the same
thing let's body spa Rose Garden organic
wild rose sounds like this thing guess
I'm drawn to this box often absent
natural and alleviates dry and flaky
skin condition helps improving soft and
thus can mirror attracts retain moisture
to help this is the thing all reg
relieves aches and joints muscular pain
relax s moods yeah this is the stuff
that we
what is it dad see where'd you get this
from glossybox
good old glossy box huh oh yeah could
see that because I have only seen season
1 2 or 3 I never saw 4 and 5 so what
finally find out let's get the oil but
sis in there with my special salt oh oh
it's so hot oh my god
it kind of funny they think it's funny
is there oh yeah that's right yeah oh my
god I mean you can't be here ready to go
one dinner dinner dinner time I'm gonna
sit back down and wine look my feet this
at all and the second skin off I still
for an entire episode of wire it's about
42 minutes and now I'm just going to
knock put the covers back on them and
that air a chill for the whole night and
then tomorrow morning I've hardly cooked
it put the skin back on before okay and
let's hope it's made some strides
forward so for deceiving we're having
some chicken style corn pop that in
there add the sauce turn it on and that
should do it
I'm wearing slippers outside slippers
outside
un tsipras well see I didn't want to put
on the some restrict the airflow to my
pizza's saying they'd wear the slippers
plus but then it started raining which
are you running away from you having a
bunch you havin a munchkin amongst you
munchkin you havin a monkey munchkin
Hanumanji munchkin nicole ass Oh Nikolas
Nikolas Nikki everybody loves you
Nikki Nikki don't leave see my name is
Nicolas said that's not yours
that's Oreos I'm gonna tell Oreo but if
Oreo comes in and finds you munching on
her food well Oreo think of that Nicole
asked what do you think of that new or
asked where is everybody else
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
