good morning and welcome to the summer
summer has arrived roved it's probably
because I'm maybe won the gold yesterday
which Dave Ireland permission to the Sun
to come back yeah that was probably what
it was we're just waiting for that fact
oh they're so cute dogs even love it
here is my line
yeah there's so much up here
yeah maybe this is this we say all the
time like maybe this is it no this is
the start of the summer yeah I know
where's flip-flop duck at do but he is
like so hairy but it's like it's all
evenly spread in like a circle so he
looks like a big fluffy duster
everything runs it so cute I'll be you
made these you made them hmm you made
him he's no idea that he made them I'll
be ends here and you can actually see
the mixture about 19 appearances like
they all hide in the shade here yeah you
so much fun yeah it's not too hot yeah
it's kind of cool just wish well soon a
couple of months we'll have a couple of
more yard spaces to go so if you get
even better run I got the moment I think
this is probably fulfilling enough for
them yeah you know but I think you know
wants to come like a lot longer will be
cooler fires to be cool
but then the Slenderman might come and
steal them all of us oh this is so nice
like it's so much to do but I'm just
like what if it ends where do we go
inside alright go off and do something
and then it starts raining and then I
would like I never did that I didn't
even sit in this somewhere and he was
sitting to somewhere you know every time
it was sunny or whatever we don't need
to do yeah well when you're a kid
everything's a bad thing yeah she always
set up the table I don't have to eat
outside this is so stupid but now I'm
like whenever it's sunny mainly be like
that as well she'd be like in a summer
day when she goes to her like emo stage
should have like black curtains black
wallpaper should have been wearing all
like black mascara and black clothes and
it'd be sunny danger but in the lighter
she'd be like watching Twilight Turkey I
wonder what that wonder was the thing
will be for her you know what was it
when you were growing up what was the
thing like the Harry Potter Twilight
yeah yeah like Titanic was the big
Titanic yeah I always know where Titanic
because I went to the cinema with them I
think I was like with this girl like
about a week or so and I was like okay
go to Titanic you know so I drove up to
her house and I collected her and then I
parked in the car park across the road
but Titanic was like three and a half
hours long and then the car park closed
but they had a warning like if you close
your car like there's no way to get that
like you have to wait so my car was
trapped and then I was like oh man
and then she had to go and like caller
died or something I feel it at all like
did she live that in doggy and I was
gonna turn the air time I was like oh no
you know and then the next morning like
of course I didn't mind time my parents
I lost my car so I had to just like
pretend it wasn't there and then next
morning I think I like the first bus
into town and I just need you I remember
it said you had to pay like 200 pounds
or something laughs or euros I know I
think was pounds yeah there's like 97 or
something yeah and then but then I
noticed they were all over in Abood so I
just kind of walked past the gate walked
in went over to the car just like like
this but always remember Titanic for
that reason that I lost my car because
of it I know the relationship didn't
last that long
needless to say there's any one sort of
scene in this yeah now Erica now Erica
can whoever she wants
I saw it you paved the road readjusted
it might be like the first DVD digital
video disc about did you know what
happen in the end at that stage I think
everyone knows what happens in the end
no well when everyone thought well the
best go get a card today guys a turkey
to gig class 10 SD HD card so what that
means that's 8 hours of footage because
this one does about 38:30 house this is
about 30 minutes and theater card is
about 45 minutes and then sometimes like
I'm like oh that's not a record but now
I'm gonna have an 8 hour card in the
camera that's pretty cool that's pretty
cool so the blocks are now going to be 8
hours long
I just don't know better
music windows open hot chicken your side
you can find a pregnant one like I did
it's a bonus but you know there's a lot
of commitments involved okay don't rush
into getting her pregnant just to enjoy
the drive okay just FYI I didn't realize
how much was involved when I can and I
was like yeah sure let's get pregnant Oh
what I have to then look after it
forever
she's so nice
someone has arrived yes never going to a
knee in ever this is it
yeah Wow do they see that look it's the
rocket ship that's at curiosity
curiosity is on its way to Mars we just
left that behind there they kicked home
because I forgot it's I forgot it's
potato crisps I was like oh hold on a
second I'll just nip back down to
cartoons up
I would sign this but it does not matter
if it's the summer
yo loser oh my god you guys see that
guy's red look can I block it oh no I
can't
oh wait come back come back no I'd like
to chasing that guy for ages to try and
get that for you anyway his rage is Fe
blah blah blah blah ck it says back okay
he's a beggar oh my god here he is again
okay look ham look relaxed let's see we
can
oh no he brought the lights he is a
beggar so look if you were to lock that
part of it then she says back
but look we're just rook ham oh god oh
god resume then
okay where's my gosh did you catch it
you look at him we just want you guys
wants to little fecker looks like let's
change it I'm gonna see ya Jesse did you
can you guys see
I'll be cheeky red velvet smell it's so
good cuz I was driving past I was like
oh my god they're open we should totally
just go in and get some and we did oh
it's everyone's enjoying the Sun today
everyone's probably out in town cuz it's
like the first summer day and age is
probably like oh my god I like the
sightseeing tour look at the sightseeing
or I've just brought you on a
sightseeing tour because we saw the
sightseeing tour bus you can say I saw
the sightseeing tour bus I didn't go
sightseeing I just saw it a sightseeing
tour bus same thing right tradition that
isn't it head to the Popo is that way
don't know are you gonna get sick
look at this guy's super excited about
this 32 gigs oh yeah this is what I use
by the way I'm its class 10 because for
transferring it's 45 minutes per second
which is really good if you're
transferring with 32 gigs oh my god see
I really felt let go look at this stuff
in a minute
but I really wanted to make sure that I
didn't want a situation that during like
the birthing room labor like oh my god I
feel the card I miss something does that
happen so many times I'm like I've yet
and then I have to cut something out of
like look eight hours of footage I can
record on that day so we're definitely
getting everything there be nothing
missed Oh cupcakes which kind of melted
in the car a little bit No yeah you
should realize we're boxers oh you get
the point
no what's tasty I'm so tasty and I cut
her hand let's have look don't know if
any a little tiny one it's okay
that's stupid my glasses yeah these
Olympic McDonald glasses obviously made
at a cheap crap cuz it's just like it
tipped off and pink and it just smashed
and then we have to quickly in case the
dogs either there's something out we
have to rush and poor Tony's I'm gonna
miss you it's crazy
is he like drinking a pina colada and
the beach all right let's am not talking
something here oh I'm so excited about
that okay I guess your dress is honors
this one Royal Mail gives nothing the UK
of some cards here and letters we're
reading this one comes from
heartburn heartburn missing I'm not sure
to state oh wait
a spring lake and see where is that
North Carolina South Carolina's Oh Erin
Leigh Nina both Carol Elena this one
comes from Arizona nice I bet it is
sunny in Arizona my aunt my aunt lives
in Arizona this one comes from Texas
yeah Texas and Arizona oh my god the
taste the hops taste this one comes from
it says Royal Mail so I'm gonna guess
maybe this is my Olympic gold medal now
get a queen send one to me
all right so what do we do first we're
any US or UK what we do well no I got
this one because it's in front of me and
it says many books in an old letter box
red letter box
Jameer and we're in a performance all
the letter boxes are red
it's kind of cool right I need an
opening device and implement is this the
dodgy one yep either stop it push it
back in all right and she you know what
I'm gonna get a proper male opening
device because this is kind of dangerous
a kind of wall goes like this all right
guys every now and again we'd like to
have a little a little chat I've had
some stuff what's happening with us and
you know what's going on and so let's
been on my mind lately and I'd be kind
of thinking about saying something but I
wasn't really sure so you know you're in
school right um you know really there's
like scooter uniforms right well the
purpose of a school uniform is that not
to segregate anybody that may not be as
financially secure or may not have
things that other people cannot have
well lately you guys have been like so
generous and the stuff that you guys
have been sending to us an appeal box
and I've noticed that it's beginning
like
more and more like I'm just opening some
of these boxes you know and I'm just
thinking like oh my goodness like you
might have seen in yesterday's vlog I
know you're probably like I don't know
yet because it is 12 o'clock 12 a.m.
blocks going up at 6 p.m. I don't know
if you guys yesterday were maybe like
you know watching those boxes and some
box I didn't show it I didn't show it
because I did I did start recording it
and I open the boxes itself and I inside
oh my god like like this is so much I
don't want to feel like I'm grateful I
want people who send stuff to feel like
annoyed at me or annoyed because they
did you do nothing wrong no one has done
anything wrong you know I just feel that
like I see a sort of a pattern you know
and I'm afraid that might be showing and
featuring a lot of stuff people are
sending I might be sort of creating a
competitive angle where people are gonna
start to try and outdo each other or
people are gonna feel pressured to send
stuff and I don't want anyone to send us
anything ever you know I don't you know
some people say like oh I saved up or I
got this because I felt like she wanted
and stuff like that you know it's your
hard-earned money that you've worked for
and I want you to keep that money you
know I make videos on a free platform
YouTube is free we never asked anything
from our viewers I want you to like you
know watch the vlogs like that is the
best thing you can do for us is watch
them share them like them favorite it
subscribe you know that kind of stuff
and that's all I ever got into YouTube
to do and like I don't wanna I don't
want to have to close down in the P o
box because I need to peel bugs for my
business and for the style diet and
weave everything register to it and you
know we need products for for reviewing
and all that stuff comes true to the PIO
box and I don't want to have to do that
but I was thinking like I really need to
I'm really worried about this escalating
you know and you know I don't want to
upset anybody's ever send anything cuz I
don't want to feel like ungrateful or or
anything like that but I just feel that
you know when I I just feel going
forward before Amelia combs and me you
know I'm just gonna try and have to sort
of snub this a little bit so I hope it's
not gonna be send anybody what I'm
planning
I'm doing but I think going forward from
now on is that you know if you guys send
stuff to the peel box I am like 90% sure
it probably will not be featured on the
vlog anymore you know and there was two
routes I could have taken on this you
know I could have taken a route of you
know we're like okay so like there's so
much stuff coming like do we make a
separate video in the style light and
then have like a a present video type
thing or a you know peel peel box or
mail vlog or something like that you
know but I don't like you but that's
kind of like highlighting and featuring
and you know I mean kind of like
promoting sending up stuff to us and you
know I'm like or I'm always afraid of
that happening or it's like what I just
cut it off completely you know and
that's why I was like what if I just no
longer feature stuff you know so if you
do send us stuff in order to get it
featured on the vlog around I that
that's not gonna happen anymore so I'm
really sorry and if you have said the
stuff for that or you know if you want
to just send the stuff that you
privately want us to just just don't
just just don't or if you send letters
and postcards and pictures and you know
what I mean stuff that's kind of like
doesn't cost you anything more doesn't
like you know there's no expectation you
know I I just I really don't want anyone
getting upset by this memory worried
we're gonna get upset by this and I
really don't want that to happen and I
don't I don't want you guys to feel like
you have to send us anything or you know
I'm just gonna run in circles here you
know what I'm just trying to really
directly talk about this you know
there's people there's people who watch
the vlogs and they might feel pressured
to send stuff because other people have
the means to send things and I just
don't want anyone to ever feel like that
you know this is this is just a video
diary series of my life and my wife and
my kids and my dogs and stuff like that
you know and I really I love that you
guys come everyday and watch our show
and I mean so much to me and just that's
that's just hope like I don't know I
don't know if you guys are okay well
with this
um leave me some comments if you want if
you don't hate me so much
okay the puppies are all getting their
treat now everyone sit oh good boy good
girl good boy
that's a girl okay good boy
there's one on the floor Bianca good
para
good boy somebody did not get one
somebody is fighting over somebody what
the hell and I think you had too many
yeah yeah I think you did I think
everybody got one yeah exactly yeah yeah
yeah yeah thank you
she dropped hers in her bed yeah so cute
I don't keep them quiet for a while I
think you do it tumbling down tumblr
tumblr you guys see that video oh my god
you mean it has so much stuff maybe it
has too much stuff we're gonna need to
get a second cart bed or something
dresser paulien wardrobe YUM
so job for dinner who's making it let's
rock paper scissors for it already is
this a one-time one-time
rock-paper-scissors yeah okay ready 1 2
3 1 2 3 show okay so go one two tree
show okay okay one two three
show okay one two three show
Oh oho
stir-fried corn or I hope it has the
pasta now Willie thanks honeybunch
mm-hmm nothing yours at all let's use of
all domestic issues no come along
I know we've lost if you had one you'd
be dancing and singing now come on come
on come on let's go
guillotine okay see what we've got here
they're just cookies they look really
young
Rosario spinach oh she's a biter she bit
my life doctor okay
I'm spying on the puppies through my
little forest here Hey so funny
it's so nice when it's sunny yet you've
know the Sun has gone now but it's still
kind of warm and it's just so nice for
them because they can just play I
haven't had to clean up after anybody
today because everyone's obviously
peeing and pooping outside so it's just
amazing I love it so I'm making my pasta
which takes like five minutes
I really shouldn't complain I just don't
I'm sure I'll get better when Amelia
comes I'm looking forward to like
cooking for her you know like when she
gets the stage where she can actually
eat like food food other than breast
you know I'm looking forward to doing
that can I think but just in general I
think cooking for two people as well as
so boring like I don't mind cooking for
like you know maybe four five people
that's fine I do get a bit stressed
about it though just because I always
want everything to be perfect and then
it's not because I'm not a good cook but
yeah but anyways um I'm gonna use this
sauce that I got from the Italian shop
to arrabiata sauce and maybe I'm going
to paper I will be joking
hopefully not my mom's not actually here
right now and um she was like call me or
text me like keeping up to date you know
let me know if anything happens which it
won't and I'm like yeah I know I like
not because that would be really crap
because she's like all the way over the
country right now
so yes and I'm trying to drink my water
monkey doing really good steak or ask me
how I do it like how I you know hi drink
water how do I drink two liters of water
date and I've said this before but I'm
gonna say it again I feel a two-year
bottle every single night and I have to
work through it so right now I'm almost
at the end of this one I have to get
through it the whole day sometimes they
do sometimes they don't but honestly
something done that trick which Joe has
told me to do I've been so much better
at it and if somebody was telling me
that um I was drinking too much I was
drinking like four liters instead of two
because they saw I think in some video
or something yeah it was my video I had
these coca-cola glasses which you got
from McDonald's and people thought their
pint glasses and that I was drinking
like eight pint glasses a day which is
like four liters I think but no they're
not they're actually only 330 ml glass
--is they they feel like a coke can or
whatever so don't worry I'm not drinking
too much if anything I'm drinking too
little but it's so important I didn't
actually realize how important it is or
why it's so important in pregnancy it's
because it just keeps your system
flushed out of like anything Bad's you
don't get like UTIs or anything
and most pregnant women are like so
susceptible to eg ice and the Midwife
was telling me that you know you are so
lucky if you don't get one when you're
pregnant so let me know if you have been
pregnant in you if you have or have not
gotten a UTI if you haven't
did you drink a lot of water because she
said that was like the main thing that
just keeps your body flushed and then
also when you're going into labor you
have to drink so much water she said
it's just it's so so so important it so
I've been really trying and trying even
had little bottles of water for us to
try and motivate us it's really more so
it's really important and I was actually
just saying this to jovis did it
yesterday
I like 20 went off any kind of fizzy
drinks like I used to drink diet coke
when we'd go out I wouldn't buy it in
the house
and have it in the house but I get it
whenever we went out and since being
pregnant I really I've had it maybe like
twice or three times this whole
pregnancy like I have been really really
good at that so that's good and I'm
guessing my skin and everything is
probably better because of that
because I know that coke is so bad for a
few drinks you're so bad I feel and I've
gone out coffee too so I really might
have been having a lot of caffeine
lately so I didn't have coffee in the
beginning of pregnancy and kind of like
all the way through until so now I just
don't like it anymore so that's good so
correct me this video get past the water
start drinking especially if you're
pregnant
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
ah
