hello my little pack of wolves may I
enter your and territory that be okay
allow us to enter into your territory
here excuse me excuse me hey fold the
bottom up beat don't bite them off beat
Oh God Marina Sorrento is eating those
flowers so I'm thinking for lunch might
have some rhubarb Bronto a con gusto
I love these these are like so yummy I
don't know if you guys can even get this
I think they're only available in Italy
oh well obviously and Ireland if you go
to our yum-yum-yum-yum-yum so mama
studies is heading off to going
connemara for a couple of days emma is
heading off that amsterdam for a couple
of days so um I gotta go
and normally before I almost I like this
for a drive I had to just get the carnal
once-over
check the tires check the oil and I'm
gonna give it a quick wash and drop an
off in her house they can have an old
cup of tea and a gossip you know
did you see Vera down the road she's
with this new lad I'm he's a terror
that's right so I think you go I think
you girls talk about Stella rest out of
it is that what you girls talking about
what do you girls talk about with you
talking about oh okay I need my hands I
need more hands to love my doggies
I need more oh my god can you fell over
hello Theo your big polar bear he's so
big isn't he he's like a boat size dog
at this stage yeah yeah everyone has to
get an even amount of attention owes
everyone has together
even among this is called a hog do any
human hug
careful my Pisces I got bit again on my
even see it it's like it's like right
there
that's like a horseplay or something
laughing yesterday or if you can see
that's a little bit because when I get
bitten swelling you get annoyed when
somebody else is near you don't you hey
hey give me it oh you don't see do it
munch was over there munch Arenas
yeah they're so cool you guys are the
coolest things in the world you guys
excited for Amelia you excited for
Amelia she'd be like you guys gonna take
care of her though right
you're gonna be like her protectors and
her entertainers I'll be using you when
I be telling like probably do like the
bedtime stories I'll be like picking up
a puppy a were like there once was a
puppy - puppy said oh geez oh they're
like my props for my bedtime stories
you'll be Goldilocks you will be the
three bears
hmm well dismiss two copies when you
believe little piggies multi seasons
that okay let's get my Xena Xena Xena
Xena Xena show your bow please show your
bow show your pretty far you pretty bow
Oh
yeah I'll be working pretty fun oh look
at them she's gonna ruin it I just put
it in she always just thought it is
though oh look hers the horse doesn't
stand up and he's like perfect if you
saw his bow he's like standing perfectly
but um these are their bows that they
got he got them from a subscriber bring
her inside
I'll be here going anyway she said both
her to media and then she sent both for
the puppies as well so that was really
cute so I'm gonna do puppy's a have
street because we're going to okay okay
and their hairs aren't long enough to
put bows in but they they didn't have
she sent six which was really nice of
her so once I'm not sure sticks there's
no giving me did you abandon lb where's
little Alberto what are you doing oh my
gosh look at audio already oh she gets
the Oreo is image that is in which she's
like looking across at them hmm I are
you what you do that is all you all
right what do you got someone at random
cash did you know there I'm afraid of
this garden never not minutes garden I
get bitten I probably just taste that
good you know everyone wants a piece of
Jovi
you know the insects de still don't have
the manners to ask permission
they just know oh my god I think I just
got bit I hate my life
so she or he so she told me no you know
Oh kisses kiss the viewers kiss the
viewers ha ha ha you just got a kiss Oh
cactus calm wait is cactus that calm let
me look it up cubby cubby weird what's
this thing
no way how did you put your card into it
and you do stuff for it insert card I
don't know
identity my card in hopeful doesn't I
wipe the Carter it's a card wipe or
something yeah so I have no idea what
that does and asked me to loads of
things and I don't know what it is so it
could be transferring all my available
funds to Emma's bank account
maybe she leaves that lying around
hoping that people would like put their
cards ad Roebuck well the public order
so mommy's god I never have to run off
thank you guys
Emma got conned super into the ATM
machine and took out loads of money and
it didn't give her any money I was like
thank you bye I was like ah so she's
gotten into the bank so we're a bit of a
delay on the washing of the car in the
oil an entire foot it is now 20 past
3:00 and 4:45 Katie Taylor enters the
ring but um if we're still here I might
just watch it on the television because
there are these streaming issues you
know or I can stream and I have none or
to Claire because or T player don't have
the bandwidth they would like and
there's been some issues like
yesterday's or last time there's a fight
and it didn't work out it crashed so
that's no good so I might just watch
your life but yeah pretty excitements
gonna be a gold medal if she wins she's
definitely unsaid
so it'll be pretty cool because I
predict it remember a couple of weeks
ago I said if I'm gonna win a gold medal
kgs gonna take it Booya Shaka I put you
up and put some money down nuts
what are you doing I'm gonna copy you
can't juggle with only two items you
have to have three I can't do it yes I
know that's the point it's hard to talk
to you at the point anyways do you want
to give Alvey and Cena and Miffy a treat
because my mom said she got that ham
purpose on purpose
yeah purpose to me down here asleep I
don't know would you like a cross on
where Jesus go bunny no or Gala button
yes I was right and that it is Pro
Bowler cuz I said it's all over
yeah but I think probably is smoked and
so people are like oh it's just awesome
over to problem or something yes yes P
would like that please Sicilian Italian
style ham slices of cooked ham cooked
Italian sliced ham seasoned with
delicious tomato prepared with prime
cuts of pork are you interested are you
interested in it what would you like
sit would you lay down let him lie down
lie down
Cena lie down lie down lie down lie down
okay
no you have to make her do it something
okay we're gonna work it one in five
yeah just one slice now Mickey you guys
wanna see they're staying the staying
power of $1 what are you saying my first
ransom nobody no one would keep little
warranty okay there we go
it's what I had to call this day sit sit
stay stay stay
so she went ahead she's not as good I
was really gonna okay sit you know we
start off with sit sit by then lay down
my dance Ino down I know is that she's
just being right out don't know that's
the mistake Jonathan you have to not
give a turn until she lies down Miffy
sit like a cat
don't bite my hand don't wipe my hands
it's a boy I know he was like dance
dance dance dance dance dance dance
Wow now he's not so good at the demo
guys can tell me that he's dead I don't
know he's dancing you know has to be
Jacob Conchita shake and go boy shake
hands shake hands shake all right is
that what you yes my dad tell her to lay
down by then right Anne oh she's pushing
yeah
that's how not to trace bug does anybody
in court know where you can get this
fixed local recapping to Ricky's iPod
the things smashed oh no I don't like
difference in iPhone and HTC made about
the same size but yeah leave me some
comments if you know where or maybe I'm
working harder probably quarto and how
much does it cost
I guess they're really expensive to get
this thing replaced that's so annoying
like I don't think yeah the HCC's are
made at a glass so I don't think they
actually shattered the same way you know
that's annoying they should make it like
they should put like a force field
around it where she got a bouncy one you
know like buying it wasn't Ricky's fault
though Erika said she's gonna play
Minecraft at me cuz Nene's over here is
too bloody lazy I started over the
cabbage you're gonna do it
are you good at Minecraft how good your
mind that and that's like one two ten
seven say I'm gonna be like a 501 now
you're not quick question for the
Germans right
what is the pay-as-you-go in Germany or
what's the mobile providers you know
when you gotta like you can buy a phone
on Bill in Ireland and then like you pay
a bill and you get a free phone in
Germany what is like the providers maybe
some comments ah stowage don't leave it
in a store you can't we use so Thank You
Sean unfeeling Bank so it is look
actually just and it look so it is live
here we're gonna go watch the car with
Ricky's and hopefully get back in time
that at 45 so I've got 25 minutes ish
to be back which I think will definitely
play them is you guys gonna look after
the houses though and Omaha and Emma and
air you know air difficult of me you
guys already know of course she's gonna
so the first petrol station had a queue
of five ten cards so I go what that is
no I know it's 25 pots like I have it on
the DVR so I can like rewind it if I
missed it but I wanna live it I want to
I want to be I want to be there at the
moment the excitement you know Erik is
like so excited aren't you you're like
Kati who oh you knew her name is Katie
Katie Holmes isn't it Katie Holmes and
Tom Cruise I haven't a the gold medal
fight whoever wins gets to keep Surrey
that's not a laughing matter
no way
hey Carl she's got this time I actually
I didn't actually get the I you know
right I like the jet wash I decided to
go with the car washing one it's because
I'm in a rush and that one takes a lot
longer this one is not takes and take as
long alright let's do this we got a
number we got a cold
eight to six I just told you okay don't
put my coat in eight to six two six one
nine two Shelly winters plus a stop stop
never open the window when the thing is
on did we do that reeks did you we
should totally do it I've done it once
time before what's happening now what's
that mean why is our flashing go my done
something wrong here I'm sorry then
right to go backwards whoops that's
forward and this car go backwards nuts
and stuff Oh God okay he's ranking we
got it going whoo you got it go
oh my goodness it is raining like crazy
yeah without it it's 631 alright
hopefully this doesn't take too long
come on right when I open your window Oh
okay bye windows open jumper that time
my sunroof is open closed one time my
sunroof was open
Oh was it my back window and it was like
oh my god am I better though I don't
even notice I think this is the era one
now
what time is it out 36 in the past we
can make it
what it's cool it's like kind of like
you want the air kind of blowing look
so noisy sounds like dramatic alright
we're on the road and we have five
minutes five minutes to go make it reeks
yeah that's a you've had your hair folks
losing down a necklace what is ready
famous neck on tires best Thai
restaurant in the world
yum we made it we made it you miss me
guys
do you miss me huh Berta did you miss me
I'll be godsey's Oh
I'll be gone so call me Jolie that's
your name that's your full name who's
she been against well obviously
obviously container
there we go good it's so good I think
what makes it like be special when
Ireland get into the final of an
Olympics because we're such a small
country you know something like three
million over something here you know I'm
like I don't like too big our countries
you know like America our Browns or
Germany or any of those big countries
where you've got a pool of like millions
hundreds of millions of people to choose
from and that's why there's so many
athletes but for such a small country
like us to get a woman lightweight
Olympic champion boxer a world champion
it's just you know it's like when anyone
in art and does something like that's
why it's such a big deal to us because
we're such a small group of people and
for when one of us does something
awesome it's like we all have to get
behind them you know because it's it's
such a good achievement isn't it mara
davi
there we go ten seconds left ten seconds
oh my god is it too late oh my god oh my
god
we did it
who did it we don't know
who was it
unless I'm missing one
Dona Concha along soccer
I think she's four points ahead before
we went into this round
here we go
was it
come on
on the networking time that is here
waiting
we go we go
oh my god yes
Olay Olay Olay Olay her go and see if
boxing that when she goes up
let's go meet oh man oh you know as
watch guys like on you know where I'd
love to be right now in that stadium or
in Bray because when she's from Bray and
I'd say that that place is probably
erupting with excitement
it's so fast like it's only on for about
like another like three or four minutes
it's so quick because obviously it's
boxing but oh my god that's so cool I'm
so proud of him so pride you Irish huh
our little country Ricky's a little
country what do you want to do huh I
mean a few metals have you won how many
12 good job
and Excalibur was down
essentially it could be okay
who was it that took Excalibur in song
you remember was it Arthur get in you
okay Excalibur is having issues oh there
we go
okay how do we do are we winning winning
perfect perfection
action that's essentially essentially it
sometimes I like to pee in here decisive
it change the engine no not my hair I
don't know stop
don't you have to pay you guys never
knew metal they deserve an Olympic medal
nothing nothing not a peep of a piece
there amazing that you guys are way
better than your parents there's nothing
no I see what happened
Oh someone someone moved King okay
there's no one there there's only one or
two lines here but I'm someone moved to
think okay it's so cute that I choose
afters you're not supposed to be here
explain yourself explain yourself I wish
you could just peel a little bit make a
talk thank you
well I just won't come to come back to
me never can look you're fine that's
good because it is what do you know he's
pregnant is confused you confuse cabbage
with chocolate
I'll be singing her a song - lullaby put
it down here no show k5y anger then upon
adventure me me me me me me me oh I'll
be Oh Bert Oh somebody else coming up oh
wow the Sun coming down over here
oh it's Xena I needed I seen it Oh
senior South Seas so what colors are we
done
I think it should be teal mm-hmm you go
with the green news mm-hmm Nevaeh with
the orange and Bianca with the purple
oh no there's nothing yeah corner for
the name but they're all called ways
that work Snow White
should be right out of marker their
names or something like Norway in school
you put your name on you yeah it's a
hair long enough first no no I didn't
think so
he is probably as well fat so is he so
big I know but I think they would just
recommend that you short like that and
plus they don't even have their I don't
hear it yeah yeah yeah I suppose waiting
there
they must be are we give another cartoon
no everybody wait a while
wait let's like fully grown out cuz
there's no point is there any point a B
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's don't
forget to
video and favorite this video because
there will be ah
