whoo they did it they did it this little
guy here he's like the only he's like
strolling around Mars right now
beautiful stop this step I'm not the
only robot of Mars I'm like so cool I
want lonely though but yeah they put a
robot that guy there
hi I have loved my shake your hand like
6 a.m. GMT time no idea what time it is
in American time but how cool is that
like imagine actually find transformer
but like you know like I think it tried
a while ago but it says robot it's
pretty and then they were talking to my
name the next step like the president
NASA I was saying that the next step is
to put a human on Mars my chose a
youtuber vlogging so guys my new project
is I'm going to Mars I don't know what
the internet connections like they're a
bit hard to get the vlogs plus I think
due to space and time distance they be
about three years in the past so that's
before youtubers mentality that wouldn't
work out very well well then it's so
cool like I think the Olympics thing is
kind of had shattered it though so a lot
of people are unaware that this actually
happened but um I mean it's really cool
I remember when I was in college in
second year I was working on this
project where I was in the street the
animation of these robots that were sent
up and was based on this project
I remember saying like oh my god that's
so cool but it's not like that's years
away you know well no it's actually
years away it's August 2012 and it's
landed you know and it was back in 2009
I think I was something I was like why I
was so cool but like it's so far away
you know and here it is
that's so epic like what a project
though that's so cool
do you think that they're they'll
actually find that like I said like it's
priority is to find life or evidence
that sustainable life could have existed
at one point which is like you know
minerals and biology and water and some
but I think the building marks for life
but you think they'll actually find
something would it be so crazy if they
did imagine like 2013 was
year when humans discovered another
species because that more likely the
species won't be like an alien archenemy
know what you think it is but it could
be just like a caterpillar or a bug or
an insect or DNA or something which was
created on another planet light brings
into question everything everything
about jofi right let's get this I hope I
am I'm gonna try this at with my am my
second skin just come off yet still here
see the little thing it doesn't hurt as
much big actually see it I don't know if
you guys can see it but hey you see this
is the bubbly part but I'm the second
skin seems to be working so I let's get
working so javis is doing his workout
and boring stuff like laundry and I need
to clean before we go and we need to
wash the breakfast dishes and all that
stuff but I wanted to show you guys I
painted my nails in this really really
pretty shade of pink it's like it
reminds me of like you know Barbie shoes
do you remember like I know obviously
Barbie has a lot of different shoes now
but you know the original like Barbie
shoe that's like the exact color of it I
don't know if it's gonna focus probably
not but it's so pretty it's um it's by
the friend mavala I think it's called
and it's the shade in Miami but it's so
so pretty I love it and last night I
used this the style file for the first
time and this is the file and then this
is the buffer so it's like four
different sides and I was using it last
night because I got this this sent to do
a review on I got three of them are not
the little travel one as well or the one
that you put on your keychain
and I was like amazed by the buffer the
buffer is amazing it like it does it
makes your nails so so shiny
and I was doing it last night when we
were watching TV and Jonathan was like I
showed him usually give it to me
so he did his nails as well he didn't
paint the mama seat but he busted my out
and he filed them and everything and he
used it and he loved it too so that's
definitely getting a good review from us
because we both loved it I'm not sure
I'm at the shape like I mean I guess it
is handy like you know if you're holding
it in your opposite hand like your bad
hand you know so I'm left-handed so my
bad hand to be like my right hand it
does help for that because it follows
the curve of your nail but um I know
when I first saw it I was kind of like
this kind of looks like a gimmick but I
guess like it kind of makes sense to
have it the S shape I will probably
still use my own regular nail files as
well but it is kind of cool I definitely
recommend the buffer so I'll probably do
a review on my blog or something but
anyways I need to get started on hello
what are you guys doing
see this what scene that does because
she has like a relationship with this
blankie here she like loves it so she
has like I don't know fun time with it
it's not like she doesn't hump it or
anything she just I don't know it was
just like Karla's it she chews on it and
she kind of moves her little her paws
from side to side it's a really weird if
any of you guys have a dog that does
that let me know because I just think
you the weirdo but yeah this is a very
odd place that you've picked I'll be
that's what I'll be does I'll be picks
the one item of clothing on the bed and
sits on it like whether it's mine or
jovis is it doesn't matter he sits on
that particular outfit or hopes it item
of clothing so he's on Joe versus shorts
right now and Tina is trying to have her
little fun time with her blankie and I
have to do laundry
so funny well actually wasn't funny at
the time I was getting already annoyed
if somebody was barking and it was
yanked out of course which it's not
always heard but you know sometimes it's
tio and I've noticed sometimes dancing
today as well the only one who doesn't
fart is a new bleep but so somebody
who's barking down here and I was like
Sheridan Gann was like no barking you
know like stop and stuff and they
wouldn't usually they actually do listen
if you just say like if you just say no
barking or you say like or whatever they
stop but um somebody was just going
insane and I kept I would like look down
stairs I was getting ready upstairs you
know I don't look down the banister and
I'm Theo and Theo kept coming in and
looking at me so I thought it was him
but it wasn't this yeah yeah
and then um Nevada came in then I heard
by someone else barking so I said okay
it's obviously not new lease it's
probably the Anka and they kept coming
like into the hallway and looking up at
me like oh you know why is one of you
barking and then I realized because I
came down the stairs I had left this
duster my feather duster that one here
on the table
and it was like right here you know the
head of it was right here and Bianca
this little girl right here she was
scared of it she just didn't understand
why this thing was here because it's not
that's not its place you know it's
places like in the laundry room so she
was barking at it because she thought it
was like this crazy fuzzy red object
just like looming over her and she's so
funny she's actually gonna be smart to
look how full this room is like the
chair clothes stuff chair bag packed
doggies preggos nine months pregnant
today
they're 40 inches she made it accordion
to 40 inch I didn't think she would us
like we're in arm
oh yeah is it all bum bum is there no
what a hearing Oh back there oh yeah her
head yeah get your head out of the game
mm-hmm that's so much stuff yep
there's tons all right we're gonna do
the court dado plague Olaf we're gonna
do quickly so it might be a short prego
vlog you watch it because we gotta go to
antenatal and it's about 175 billion
hours long so I will be gone for the
whole day we're off the antenatal we go
I don't see no idea it's a lot of
questions that are talking I really
liked the Midwife that we're doing this
with because she's our midwife in their
private consultants plates she's
wondering and she's a midwife that we
have every week I don't know she was
just like she talked you know one of
those people that just like it super
camp they just like you know I they talk
about kind of whispering
you know it's like she could tell you
the world is back-handed you like except
that you know she does though she's so
like just like I don't know it cam it's
like my grandma you know what you're
gonna grandma says if your grandma's
count if you remember I was crazy it's
not like that grandma says
so it's over in Cole's car but we were
trying to do them and Cole was like an
island and then there's two ways to get
to Cove just like a little and I did I
used to live there in first year in
college I live beside the zoo the
Wildlife Park anyone knows it that's
right used to live I used to live in a
zoo and yeah there's two ways to get
that one is like the still boat so it's
like a fairy but it's like an old-school
afraid when you drive on and the guy
like you know rows across but I don't
know if that's open or none so I'm not
gonna risk it does it onna be late
so under way back though hopefully
hopefully that's still on I'm gonna ask
her if that's not working and I can
bring you guys and I cuz that's like
super cool it's no one really does that
anymore you know an old fairy like that
where I know like in like Manhattan a
lot of people do that they take ferries
across the city like it could be that
it's not operate
yeah I don't know when I get spy colony
in Ireland at the moment today not at
the moment just today so M yeah so but
pretty excited about this I'm not sure
if I will flock any of it like it said
we're gonna private we got a private
class so it's just gonna be us and the
Midwife but still like I don't know like
it's a lot it's nothing really you know
thought questions and stuff like that
you know to watch pregnancy buddies yeah
yeah yeah it's a lotta better to have
pain relief it's clean you know so and I
don't think I don't know how much but
it's a it's for like four hours
so we let you know afterwards if it was
any good or maybe though I don't I don't
know what's ahead
I don't know what's ahead guys this
could be like the best fog I've ever
made today there's to be like the most
boring blog ever overdue pouring
Topher's oh you're so boring what you
watching
oh sorry this is coming up the phone ah
oh god oh my god
I remember he used to drive here I'm
first year coming home I was in my
motorbike
I hated this road is so bumpy
because out the night anemia I'm like
dad can I get a motorbike nope I've
never had one I don't know what you're
talking about
no one drives motorbikes Amelia all
right my boyfriend is a motorbike did
over you're barred from seeing that boy
if he drives a motorbike has tattoos
makes YouTube videos and does not clean
shave every day
nope if you hate your father nope you're
going out with a good clean boy a lawyer
or a doctor or Midwife
oh my god it's ro okay so kind of a
cool-looking rhodos now yeah yeah I
think that I like it so damn but it's so
nice again but that's a I think that's
the botannical gardens entrance in that
way and here's the photo you might see a
giraffe or a Tyrannosaurus if you look
closely I might just pop at a deck here
it is here it's going in we should bring
the vlog is doing I'm just we can't
bring the dog so it's their lucky oh
yeah yeah yeah when the dragons here
we'll bring him there that's the guy you
guys remember that from Italy okay this
is where I haven't a clue now so we're
gonna need to break break out the GPS is
I having a clue where I'm going now
everything's changed oh look at the view
from here this is that my house was one
of these ones here I can wear each one
alive so he can swim around a corner but
you not go for me going our walk is it
we're going on a walk we're actually
looking across like this like all the
way over there I never can see is the
wall in the way inconvenient wall
I got you down out there that's our job
he started it his career in court
all right let's go this is such a pretty
Drive look at the Train no it's done
this is such a pretty Drive goes then I
play the trees arch over I love when
trees do that I think the follow the
roots but there is no root
no no connection issues please stand by
it's like while we're standing by we are
we going the wrong way I don't know I
know once we get up to the ferry port
and then I just don't know if we go into
a Cove town or is it you know off the
top of the hill
and no idea jeni you guys know where
we're going that would be greatly
appreciated because quickly let me know
oh look at the cows it is a type that
vertigo
you guys do the cows I got some too much
oh that cool
okay I think we're going into a tunnel
or something here
whoa whoa this is giant tunnel oh my god
biggest tunnel in Ireland Wow
now it says weren't any golf
yeah I hope so I hope we're not
inventing all that's what I'm hoping
that's we are now this is right a fairy
comes in
more than 30 go what a bitch she we fall
back okay
oh I think it is guy has got it with
that we fella uh debate you eat Jonathan
Jonathan so I've announced as I'm to me
I lost it so had it there for a second
her min second I had it then I lost it
so pretty cleared up let's see the
fairies are no see what we've made a
vital mistake how are we correct
Oh oh it is it is look look there it is
over there
is it moving I think so okay we're
taking the ferry home guys it's gonna be
so much fun
stay tuned for that don't click away ash
totally totally just yet hang on another
few minutes this video was going to get
better I promise okay I know you're
thinking like why did I click on this
video trust me it's going to be amazing
when we get on that ferry alright so
inside of a sharp turn here tip top dip
down
oh go down down going down going down
wowsers cool
then we take like a shark great oh I
think I know that that's the police
station there so right oh yeah oh my god
have you gonna do this okay I want
everyone to cross their fingers and tap
their feet and say Joe if we can make
the turn I guess I guess so is that it
is a turn it is a turn okie dokie in
America both headed Heritage Center you
go on Kiki do problem
ah
Wow yes you guys see it over there
there's like a battleship a destroyer or
something that what you makin you turn
making YouTube
why are you present this is a really
nice place though you should consider
living here it's a nice Oh God
I turned it wrong wait okay so it's back
up the hill we are almost there guys
we're gonna make it we're gonna make it
15 minutes we can do this we can do this
I have the power to baby stuff - we're
turning
that scary
Oh does it look so real oh my god I am
now filled with Vivid Seats that was I I
like the information that has been
passed to my brain diagrams that was
really good pavlova
fresh fruit
and she
they look so real I shall I shall I told
you guys
oh yeah it's so real looking I'm a good
like stuff like it so good like the
cover like from we're in from the whole
process like it was like what were there
for like five hours there from the whole
process of starting to feel like you're
in labor all the way up to about
six-month-old baby
like how to sleep how to dress at the
feet at every possible scenario I can
ever happen
alright that's really good like things I
never even thought that we'd need to
know now all my questions I have no
concerns now I'm like now I know I had
to do everything no but you're I mean
like you know even the way you're
putting into the bed the FIFA thing feed
the line I would've never
thought about not like you know my god I
have to that's a good idea she had a
massive dog
yeah yeah yeah so big I know
yeah
yeah I was really really good and she
did just like she did so much with us
and it was just really relaxing there
wasn't no like she's just very easy
person
what I'm looking at 3000 yeah we're
taking the 13 alternate Church right is
we're taking the ferry home not exciting
yeah okay I I didn't like I didn't wanna
pull interfering to have to wait if it
was on the other side like oh my you
know very cute but yeah that was amazing
and and she showed us I thought you were
gonna show us like how to change and not
be in everything but then which I
actually already know cuz I remember
from it Erica but she told us that like
a lot of the stuff that you need to know
you get told like after you have to baby
but you get like little kind of mini
classes and stuff and they show you
exactly how to bathe the baby and then
they do it the first time and then you
do it the second time and then you're in
there for three days minimum and they
basically just kind of teach you
everything that you need to know when
you're in there and there's just so much
like support and caring everything so I
feel really happy about it like I am NOT
I mean I don't know I've never been
nervous about the labor a delivery part
to be honest like I just don't really
expect you know like when she was
talking about how like when the labor
happens and you know the one to three
centimeters you know and had to stay at
home and don't come rushing in when
you're afraid of your first contraction
and how it's gonna feel and when we can
get the epidural and then deed the 12
hour period of this and then that when
the head comes out and then calling the
professor guy and getting pulling out
and the suction thing and oh my god so
much I feel like I know I feel like I
could give birth right now yeah there's
hardly any cars on it - yeah I've no
idea how much it is oh I think it's like
two euros oh really oh then I was
thinking like right yeah I've got a
fiver
Bastien back in the old days back in the
day it was like two euros it's so cool
you excited to go into ferry
very nice oh it's exciting it's exciting
I don't see how much it cost
no I love look do not panic
she moving
it's actually happening I didn't work
she realized it was so fast we're
actually going on a ferry this is so
cool I think my seatbelt off okay no car
no one else is I don't know I don't be
that guy
so cool
such a faster way to get across
I'm since you like oh my god I want a
pair pair you guys not gonna be like
what's that gonna do
oh my god it's kind of scary though he's
only six noses Indian like event your
emergency please do not panic like oh my
god what would you do is sit in their
car like
more like I could easily swim across but
I would I couldn't swim across whilst
holding my car you know what what's
think
turbulence this is good leaving cars
when you guys actually take ferries this
is so much fun
last time I took this ferry was with you
we're only dating about it like a week
or two remember we went to vote up
that was that last time place was
jam-packed man
apply handbrake switch off engine done
this is so exciting
off we go thanks Barry man thanks a lot
Barry man
Oh oh don't fret into the Z Toby don't
take it easy
Oh me made major delays
did he give me a thumbs up oh you guys
should totally give me a thumbs up in
this video just because I can't give me
a thumbs up I'll get over to the party
I'm out of breath hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Joey and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there would be
