good morning just wanting to like yeah
exactly and then she gets pulled and
then she goes on her protest we figured
it out guys figure that look we put a
little kind of baby splitters it's cute
number no no thanks
do not make yourself up oh it's weird
sound okay go
no tio favorite whoa the waterfall huh
like Ana has Cena who've you got oh
goodness
let's go no no no no and you're a Cena
hash ana has two pups into the dog and I
have two bucks and rock I got Albee
nuvvula is it and and Bianca because
they're like the slower ones and she has
tio Andy they act aside a quick ones
latina it's our plan it's working oh my
god it's raining Oh No
can you take dinars yeah I got her
oh we're getting pissed on now always
that's why I said like we got really add
any more like we're gonna go to sporty
edit the blog work come over here super
early because it's going to rain cuz it
was sunny this morning
lonely hold the rain it has cometh and
we are miles away from everything
smushy and mushy mushy mushy mushy
Zoomer Alvie I found a rabbit they're
having with the rabbits mr. rabbit
oh I think I think you've got yourself
all mixed up there you go
problem fix problem fix to get a guy no
no no no no no no proximity alert
proximity alert they get themselves all
tangled up if they go near each other so
we have a new proximity rule we started
letting them run free right here no no
no aah
don't try to let them run around I know
the marshmallow they love it
yeah it is karna me exploring Explorer
Dora the explora Yankee thanks Laura um
the guy you saw turning the tip your
head deep you're heading in a little bit
thinner
good job oh my god she heard me she
understood me get you get your nose out
of that situation they're like it's the
grass from the curtain but Millions
Oh give me the Pops yeah yeah okay I
thinks of you I'm like no no no I think
that's how you play okay okay okay no no
no no no no no no no okay let's go let's
go
Deanna's not allowed have the pups the
hot tempered Italian this is laughs have
the pups it doesn't end well the camera
shman is I know oh my God look at this
over here
uh I don't figure - they're troopers
yeah come on
investigations it's investigate
everything
hmm is the grass cut
oh no no no cuz this was that's why I
taught so hey if it was not affecting
here is it oh nice
not that we have summer but whatever it
was it's over do not do not do that
don't do it yeah
now no cuz you've done this is your own
fault
this is yo get up you come on
around around now let's go go break on
through to the other side is it ah well
what's been quite a few days ago ISM Oh
proximity okay feel like you guys are
into walk with us you want to take your
dog just take a dog there Frankie's like
you're just walking on beside me
yeah I know she was its lady had a
Bichon Bichon Frise
and then oh oh
there you go there you go little
ballerina
Serena stops someone's having a drink
he's there I think oh she's going to get
direct let's go hey it's a buddy system
once one buddy wants to go everyone has
to go oh look at that big money pool to
jump into come on guys we're gonna muddy
pool yeah bring them over there it's dry
over by the wall and usually that's
where it's cut the most for some reason
no no no no it'll end in disaster
come on heavy yeah
oh yeah and they're not difficult cuz
they know how to walk
it's the puppies don't know how to walk
so that's the problem
it's like old school out of the Ongina
yeah like they don't choose those
phonies just like if I were you I
wouldn't be able to get rid of my derp
she's like oh my god you're gonna have
so much fun with the baby and the
puppies the ankus harness come off again
I think you put a Yankee and Theo's
harness and it's a lot bigger
all right I'll fix it all aboard
follow the board Tina where you going oh
my goodness
ah now look at the famous a nose at it
of the wood space all aboard all aboard
oh it's a crazy not a gum got a jump
bank ninnies you needs always makes my
I'm rendering out of luggages remember
that part mistress long that was like
the best part yum right let's merge this
down I'm also leaving these like after
my work at soft and fruity blackberry
and Apple that's got an Apple one as
well just cuz you need a little
pick-me-up you know that's what I find
oh and afterwards them it's all a second
skin thing oh really good can she see
look actual em maybe can't see it you
can see it in real life you can see the
actual bubbly part there's actually
bubbled up by them think said leave it
on until it actually falls off itself
don't take it off it'll naturally fall
off whenever it's ready to come come
back come on was it compete compete so
I'm yeah so after our discussion
yesterday the chairs have it eyes the
eyes happened
in Parliament the eyes how the demotion
has been passed motion for the chair has
been passed I'm going to get
it's as a rocking chair something or
other with a little thing is that like a
footstool
I'm sorry this conversation boring you
yeah I think so perpetuate sting
like ages ago that I read thank you it's
someone I found ages ago like way back
in the beginning when we first kind of
started looking at nursery furniture and
stuff what the page is up but
wasn't white balls you know coming cut
up yeah I think the stool actually rocks
with the chair think so
find room yeah it's like a little fact
she's not little is when we rocking
chair but it's like an armchair as well
so I still want to get the team in
capable I think it will get well yeah I
just don't this for some reason obsessed
with the cherry now I'm not suggesting
ever ever like when I was reading forums
himself on the baby bump and all those
things like they were saying like oh my
god it saved my life and it was like the
best thing ever and oh my god me and my
chair I left my husband I'm never
staying on my chair I have a great fat
to be nice though that you actually read
yeah I don't think a lot of Peyser twos
on what I wanted the best for you and
your we I know you're already a cautious
and sometimes like look money's no
object
I just want the best for you and like I
know it's kind of like sailing like
you're like I keep saying like but like
you know I mean like and it's like I
don't know like like like what I like
but I know that we're probably like
you're gonna use this for a lot for
about six months maybe a year
oh you will breath you for a year yeah
and even if M we do pack an another one
my mom breastfed me for over a year
really yeah see my sister my brother
myself are all and we're all Irish twins
as they say yeah but I was last leo is
said three years behind me so I wonder
was I brass that longer because there
wasn't a queue I don't think your mom
didn't fur that long I think she told me
that she did it for like a couple of
Toshi I'd reached the desired weight
consciously that that's enough thanks
for a white weight loss plan but you can
move along now fend for yourself and
also send mother care which is kind of
handy because here I got onto your bonus
spot again boom boom bonus spots it is
jam-packed roomy I didn't realize it was
a bank holiday weekend that's why it's
so packed we're going to our antenatal
classes tomorrow
I hope I beat you in the test again hey
I don't think this test is this is not
as Halfords I think it might actually be
in the displayer because I rang them and
she said to have two of them at the back
I think gosh Sookie oh my god rocks oh
no it's not it's just broken ah got it
right last chance to get one of these no
you kiddo keys
mania when you're watching this and
later on in life and you're feeling just
not as loved does the rest your friends
you're always wondering why am i
different everybody else this because
your mother wouldn't put you in a Moses
basket I ain't your hand would but I
can't fight and I'm really sorry and I
wasn't able to help you achieve ahold
it's like she's crazy
hope you had a good life all right so we
found the one we're getting on a big it
is though running quite large what the
veil if you think of fun more fun things
to build
my caffeine break it is I should get a
little trailer thing get the free if you
get to keep this actually not that white
it's time you look at talking about that
sighs what's the big box for maybe she's
packing well then what is the problem
don't get the cork one oh I know I don't
learn I am said it wasn't enough room
unfortunate Amelia's gonna have to go in
to do that in here sorry I reckon
that's fine hmm yeah
look at our new toy um okay
the girls really nice because we got the
wheel the thing down I'm not saying we
should totally just got one of those
blue things instead of a stroller but I
mean like way cheaper oh look another
giant box the way it saves all the boxes
we could have built a tree house or
something oh my god guys look alien
bananas so you see look alien bananas
the green I got the yellow banana is a
green banana it's so crazy this is pure
aliens have maybe alien monkeys eat
these ones helium and trying to get some
alien bananas
your last time are already what sucks
okay
squid oh my god yeah yeah yeah that's
what I want I want I want some mussels
I'm working on my mussels okay yeah grab
that so we're gonna have a stir-fry a
prawn stir-fry whoa
so what's the app so you just basically
swapping the prawns out for the meat
okay let's do it
so we meet again now looks like it's
working
bye stumps I brought exact change not
exact change this time just in case okay
Wednesday my shirt card cash its do it
alright exact change
you're not going to get me
Orden
okay
you'll see first he's down
it gave us a stem okay no thank you
right this is part 2 of my mission
because I feel like I need goals and
goal for the achievement so I feel like
I'm doing something so we're gonna get a
digital device it's going to increase my
encourages and motivation right inhale
right oh yeah okay well the whole ends
like let's get the item first
all right there's my digital device
because the one that we have is about a
hundred years old and um it doesn't
really work - yeah it doesn't really
work sometimes it says you aim to 150
pounds
throws it okay sometimes it sticks so
that's that's not fun there's a figure
like - and for encouragement purposes
useful cuz it's like each time I I
didn't work in something in like five
days and stuff but I don't know if I've
actually you know no means do anything
so I feel like I'm gonna win myself a
home and I have a number to work off and
then and like every few days or whatever
I thought I'll try and have something
Jeremy to work off otherwise I just I
just I just think it helps with the
motivation they actually seeing
something happening otherwise you just
don't see anything happening you know
he'd be like oh god oh my god oh ok
which one should I get though I like the
black one me too he's the kind of fancy
it has a compact analyzer scale BMI
anything oh really
and it doesn't their 15-year guarantee
whoa
muscle mass no way good sound pretty
cool take two of those that batteries so
oh wait a second that one
those 47 yeah now in 656 this is 20% off
oh I do like the black fill looks fancy
alright so we doing unboxing we do an
unboxing lb oh ok no fail first I whip
that thing off but I guess that's do
something else hold on
alright let's try this again unboxing
number two oh come on now what I do
ah side stuff it says like don't use an
iframe whoo so I'm trying not to but
increasingly wanting me to rip it off to
that nice that's ish taking a knife and
I go get a chainsaw ah faulted on I got
loads of Celtic on my paper
oh nice
assemble stool with cush opposite
caution at first I was like caution
pushin finished finished oh no I have to
make it uh no complicated that looks you
show you one wanna just sit on the floor
with a cushion ninis oh my goodness
having a baby helps if you're an
engineer or a carpenter or some sort of
a put together or being a producer of
sorts listen this bag is not a toy oh
really
oh just just in case like it's so funny
oh my god guys this is like the thickest
cushiony is cushion I've ever seen in my
life
gosh it is oh my god I even have a baby
just to sit on that in fact maybe I
should
that out put it down there Oh watch my
t-shirt that's like my favorite t-shirt
look let's test it ah I feel like my
bomb is on vacation
oh yeah who's going to mind the house
today I was truly house today
oh my god that is so freakin funny oh my
god so cool
it was like it is a big night for
windows in Adam Oh in them Andy and
Federer he's any veteran they're up
against the Olympics today I think
artist Mike has an opportunity winning a
gold medal on a metal tonight in a
boxing hmm don't worry fella is mg it's
9 o'clock is punch off ha ha
ok you gotta go collect that Emma Erica
and Mama Skyler's because they are back
in court here in Dover so I'm using my
nose you guys are so fun not you seen
Ann I'll be are coming you guys are
staying sorry
nah he's in the same thing I did was I
was parked across the road they're
taking like oh my god i'm perfect i'm
right at the bus stop and then I realize
oh wait a second when do plus arise is
that it I think so it's a big blue one
oh yeah is this damn City coach Eric
coach hmm yeah kargh Express whose only
degree
you see OMA Museum woman yeah there she
is lads the other coach that's the boys
from Cork Dublin Zoo
Oh ed stolons court and Corcoran just
came from Dublin Wow
they're amazing Dublin I finally can
talk Ukrainian side eyeballs I was one
of the guys reels he was livin Bonifant
yeah we didn't have any bosses Toni had
a tractor he loved tractors um what's
your plan here it's your plan here so
we're making something different tonight
that I've never actually cooked before
what I have cooked the dish before but
not with this so we're making prawn
sweet-and-sour with prawns and rice um
and I've never I've never made prawns
but I don't think I've ever cooked
prawns like even bought prawns before
it's not weird and I actually really
like them like Oh a big seafood person
um they kind of made me sick in the
first in the first and second trimester
but now it's fine ever since we went to
LA it's been fine so I actually love
prawns and I I think Jeff is taught he
didn't like them for ages but now he's
realized that he does like them so we're
gonna have them tonight for a dinner but
first I just realized I need you laundry
I'm talking about because I just washed
a really big load today so anyway don't
help this looks super yummy this is my
prawn stir-fry we've got some prawns or
shrimp whatever you call them we've got
some pineapple some carrots some red
peppers a lot of onion a lot a lot of
onion I don't know joe piscopo's will
not be happy having read that because he
does not really like
very much but um I probably could have
done a pudding like a half an onion in
that but I put in a whole one it's kind
of a lot right that's how you learn
right so it does smell and look really
good though the puppies are all helping
me as you can see you're helping me yeah
those two are eating and I think we're
just about done because the rice just
pops we're having bran rice as well
which is finished right nut and then
we're ready to have dinner all right
look at this thing this is like the
rocking leg thing with the legging also
rocks as well that's kind of cool I
suppose that's good
I'm already sure to benefit it that is
he is the chair um I think it's already
made dough which is kind of Awesome
that's kind of cool because I was like
oh my god how am I gonna build a rocking
chair good mechanics and engineering of
it all even the instructions made it
seem way more complicated it looks like
it's already actually done but obviously
I need to put the back on the chair and
the parts here but this looks pretty
good hold on a second I'm gonna pull
this hat now I still have to make it cut
off in one piece but now there's all the
pieces okay that's brain seat frame arm
rest support board stool cushion back
cushion seat cushion armrests cushions
screw screws screw screw screws screw
you huh
screw you nuts flat washer stopper allen
key spanner step one look at this oh my
god so G goes into C C goes true F and
tightens a a and for connect a m4
connects with eight three three a and B
slot into F and F and C for used g8 into
c9 thus creating
a seven paid three of six six more pages
of that so much fun yay all right we are
getting somewhere we have one little
part on another thing out there
it's kind of cool I look whoo some
rocker on internet the way it works like
that's really cool it's not like just
like a rocky one you know let's go like
pivots and joints and how fast you can
make it go that look like you're pretty
hurt if it hit me okay
stop all right let's get this on oh my
god
oh my goodness this is incredible
we're going to have use for this after
the baby oh my god Nene this is so comfy
this I think you use this thing to sort
of make it rock
no there's three levels right so see if
you think it out ugly yeah yeah cuz I
made it into one level feels nice yeah
it's so cozy look at spit up all over it
yeah you can move that every bump what
you think
uh-huh so comfy isn't it yeah oh my god
I'm actually really happy now yay my
back's been hurting a lot and you you
know do you want to said you want it it
can come forward more or can go back
more I just figured if it goes back more
be hard to get out of yeah you know to
be more like that's right but it goes
straight up as well I was like math can
you watch these oh yeah it's just
material doesn't specify it doesn't say
about Washington
like it you love it can we put it in
this room kid she just loves the space
in this room I think we should leave in
here for sure always anybody at your
chair yeah I think as you go over there
in the corner here yeah yeah yeah totes
yeah cuz like okay I might move it but
we're moving anyway
two months after she's born so what we
had you were editing or working and
stuff you can sit there with maybe a
bedroom yeah but you've got a bed in
there I think it's not like sailing up
at the changing table in that little
corner yeah exactly know where they're
gonna go plus the point of that is not
ready to be in the bed yeah exactly you
know so and if I'm asleep I don't want
to be disturbed when you're feeding her
when we get you just like walk past I
didn't even notice when we get hungry
move I'll just put this in her nursery
so this is the studio Jim feeding
lighting gaming music library dog house
Joe fusses room mm-hmm
okay just just so we've cleared that up
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
