one PN is over the tail I'll be oh he's
never happy enough for me he loves you
he's just got a weird way showing his
affection guys that's all
did you know you know he loves you don't
you
it's very heavy hmm Oh
I just rain is just accepted every day
you could say you Nina that this is a
really really warm winter we're having
this winter is really warm
it was it always winter like this oh
it's such a warm winter you know in
Australia it's winter at the moment so
essentially we're just all right my pot
another shrimp on the barbie or I can't
make because it's winter this is the
West Australia takes some differ radio
he tell me you know you know I get the
c√°rcel four ranks oh I can't go ever do
something up there now and Rosie green
Bryce lovely day lovely such a lovely
day oh yeah take out my head to the
beach August bank holiday weekend you
know it you know it oh boy you're soakin
go boy dough feels the best though mmm
Nevaeh you're about to get given an -
what what did he do mmm
but they can't the dogs can't get past
his love it's like a river river running
through the garden I know she did is the
river into the garden there's a river
running you wanna grab one coin right is
that girl going no oh my god and so
horrible you know what else
any takers any takers on an outside life
taeho okay look at him he's such a
trooper
go boy Theo okay him jump it jump it
jump over it go into you go into y'all
go on Theo
we're all here with you come on oh he is
such a trooper Oh
oh look at him look at him
music anything such a good boy that's
t.o.p by the way I know it doesn't look
like anything he hasn't figured about
lifting his leg yes oh my god who's that
with him he's had a little trooper with
him
here's that I think it's NAVAIR is it a
Bianca oh you such good troopers you
guys in the rain in the rain and the
cooler there's nowhere to go Aggie
feeling like a part of you as I am when
you're looking for the answers in your
eyes there's such good boys look at the
puppies puppies is real how do you feel
about that do you have a comment do you
have a comment I just have to work okay
41 oh we did 45 minute ago all right
it's so much better when you can em
build up enough uh you know fitness to
be able to do in a 10k hard doing it are
you doing it we're trying to decide on
buying a pregnancy chair no feeding
chair nursing care we have a dog bed
which at the moment is working quite
well don't a chair
yeah it's so annoying there's no
furniture insisted on denier except for
it yeah that's right guests go there's
the second one
Rams your ball nice hey guys it doesn't
but it probably won't work for feeding
and it's on the floor
yes we're looking up like the actual
nursing chairs are like really expensive
because they're specifically for nursing
but then also there Their Rockers then
afterwards what do you do with them like
I see loads room for sale secondhand
yeah because that's what what are you
gonna do with it whereas I was looking
at the nursing like know a lot of people
they have our church just normal address
because afterwards then it actually
might like a nice doctor yeah we could
do something with it yeah but it's just
I don't really necessarily need a
rocking chair
they do but I don't and I know I don't
cuz you know my mom never Adams I never
either where she used like our couch and
then like some other chair for the most
part when she was feeding Erica mm-hmm
it was fine and we did have actually we
didn't have a big armchair that she used
which she didn't use a rocking chair so
you know because I would say that's
important everyone started off later
like you know a rocking chair and then
eventually I don't know when a few years
ago anyway like for the practicality of
it I'm just like no no I'd rather buy a
nice uncaring even a rocking chair it's
fine but I'm eternally specific eternity
was nursing one like you know I just
don't think it's mm-hmm I don't think
it's necessary and the other thing is to
change the table you know there are a
few things you would wanna get a
changing table but you prioritizing a
changing table over to nursing chair
some place to change for her stuff I'm
not using the bed because even my mom
said but um it's really bad for your
back well yes the beds are low there is
a changing table on yeah yeah and plus
you need somewhere to put all her she
has too many clothes for that really
yeah and you get drawers in it you know
like it's a dresser mm-hmm it turns into
a dresser it's like an investment
because it turns
dresser afterwards take off yeah cuz
they're about the same price the chair
anything I even just buy an armchair
none maternity specific armchair yeah
you know you needed to rock or vibrator
that you need you yeah
no obviously not no vibrating chair
already she does have one chair also
enough discuss it in that like you like
a fizzy milk
oh yeah changing table for myself he's
talking to just keep running into me
Ohio me I need to go get stuff for my
foot sis because they're broken it hurts
to walk should I go to the camera so
should I go to Tesco I want to have a
lazy day I feel like having a lazy day I
think we're gonna have a lazy day guys
well I it's pretty annoying see nice it
hurts to walk so you better appreciate
this no what can I do for you what can I
do for you and I open this up for you
come on come on don't worry about it
deal don't worry about it
oh goodness huh what's happened what's
happened what happened what's happened
no for mommy
oh very in trouble that way to publish
you're making too much noise
all right so I got sorted I got this
stuff called calm Pete it's supposed to
be like it actually it's supposed to be
like a layer of skin you put it over the
blister or the wound and it acts as like
a layer of skin and you can still run on
it apparently it's like super expensive
so it better be like oh snap jeez oh my
god what something funky just like in a
minute erode goodness anyway oh my god
meenie minee right so yeah so hopefully
this is that this is gonna stop all my
all world problems we're gonna have
World Peace so we got oh my God look how
wet you are gingka thank you hi hi hi I
see you I know you exist
you're very important is that necessary
what what hi what are these - huh - is
crazy pack of wild animals crazy pack of
wild animals all right
move him instantly Wow I got a medium
one she's like the small one is really
small but I'm me some comments if you
ever used this stuff before this is the
area were working on here she was like
is it full of water has it pops and I
was like well there's no water and she's
like oh it's probably popped in your new
skin doesn't it oh yeah I think so Oh No
thank you us back this way yeah that
would be weird
that's skin well it's not really
artificial skin I'm gonna be like a
cyborg I'm just gonna cover it okay I'll
go this way you're acting
yeah that's straight now my foot first
weird you can't even see it yeah oh my
god look it's see-through I am no
plastic man
she said I can run on everything oh my
god so we're hoping yeah it looks like
just skin him maybe people like donate
their skin you'll see satyrs yeah
putting it on this one yeah another one
you know I don't know just to get rid of
both of them because there's only happen
because Anna thought it was a good idea
uh-huh I was I was thinking of you when
I did it
you're such an old you not to I was like
doesn't matter I don't care about doing
laundry it's just that if there's only a
tiny amount of laundry like in the
hamper yeah I won't
I won't do it because it's a waste so
the more laundry there is the more often
I'll do it that's just kinda how it is
anyway I decided to go without my socks
from there and I ride
yeah and I cooked crap and I feed you to
friction burning yeah so now I wear
socks and it doesn't hurt but these are
continuing to bleed and kill me now
hopefully this was all but notice it's
cool if you join if any you guys are
like burglars or robbers you should put
this and your fingers
oh yeah under robbing stuff no no no no
that's part of what CIA or something use
yeah
oh no come on to it now comp feed comp
speed feed I made it again oh that's
real effed that's cool yeah whoa I'm
like an athlete wine is holy hey so I'm
in like an Olympic gold medal in here no
I just
I've already ran from London you know
the same vault is just running too slow
I was like go back to Jamaica let me
take this one this is the dinner we had
last night which M we didn't actually
end up putting on the vlog because there
was so much already I actually cut down
tons of it because it's the the peel box
stuff so I decided to leave all the peel
box stuff in and said why she didn't any
recording me of the a dinner party think
of ourselves easier oh okay this is what
we made anyway you just oh my God look
at that like a little ice hairs or
something anyways we made YUM
there was actually a lot warmer when I
ate it mm-hmm
now it's like solid solid goop we're
gonna defrost that now dinner for days
days and days weeks of dinner we could
feed like 10 families for a year on that
swatch the flour hope the mint gosh
uncle my garden got loads of that
zucchinis on the go here zucchinis in
here and zucchini out what the hell
I mean apples oh my god are we actually
growing nettles I got stung
- so thing here in at the bottom is that
a neck you know can you can you grow
nettles those are these sore like
nettles thing the hell growing nettles
brilliant let's grow some brambles well
rather okay time install this again way
though
oh my god okay better benign inside
thanks so much Kristen we didn't forget
about you all right I think I need to
actually move this now last time
okay I'm gonna need my two hands back in
a second
I have completely forgotten how this
works just like what yourself in here
are you pressed I think this thing comes
forward now press this button that locks
in here
possibly possibly okay just a little
thing in there lift Oh like that one
okay we got one in yep okay oh no it's
good
that's what happened last time kicking
the place before I was ready not ready
get in there I can feel the bar I think
it's like underneath it or something
okay
okay I need um I need to shout
obscenities at the device so you just
gotta hold on a second the seatbelt was
in the way down I locked in I locked in
place time to add the fun part yeah it
does it m it stops it in fine when you
put it the right way it just does not
saw then we can put it the wrong way all
right it's in this little thing
hi guys
I think we should probably drop this
thing cuz that's just annoying oh there
we go oh my goodness he's gonna locked
in all the tags on I think the tags off
when I when we use it all so I'm gonna
put the mirror thing this is press
you know what then I see a cheese
I am greenness go okely-dokely so it's
so fun isn't it look like so much fun
I do attach attach to head you're saying
tether anchor whoo look at yourself look
at yourself look at yourself in the
mirror huh don't you look don't you look
pretty
oh yeah so pretty you're like the
prettiest subscribers ever oh my god why
are you kissing yourself why are you
kissing yourself believe chaos is going
on somewhere it's chaos in here yep yeah
have the puppies ever I'm seeing
themselves in the mirror and black
everything backwards Hey
ah
I'll be I'll be who's the pretty boy
it's my ball my ball the Kara the war
for the Kara I know - put this thing on
if you got your shoes on yeah okay
do we give him treats water everywhere
here stuck in here stuck in here so turn
some lights on please
oh there we go all right let's go feed
the cats hello kitty cats hello kitty
cats you wanna go around the other side
I'll go start you out with some my mom's
come on dark and cough norman this no
kitty cats how are you hi Memphis hi
Nikki what everyone's here huh
food is actually being served in here
this evening I forgot to bring your
bowls I need to go back and get them but
food is being served under veranda this
evening you want to take your seats in
the veranda someone will be right with
you I don't I don't see well thank you
Thank You Miffy Thank You Miffy okay I'm
gonna put food in smudges ball because I
might encourage you guys it's a handful
let's go to the handful approach I'm
sorry I have to handle your food right
here there you go that's an aperitif and
aperitif or an hors d'oeuvre nope nope
guys I need to get your bowls you're not
allowed in there okay excuse me excuse
me excuse me
okay hold on a second I will be back in
a second
trust me all right balls have been got
now let's get the food on the go tonight
we are serving whoo
New Zealand lamb and chicken oh my god
that sounds YUM
I'll take it there's my little cook
though it was a cup I think that's the
fray little cup or that no okay sorry
guys I need to handle your food again
like this okay go go
yum-yum huh Oreo I don't think that's
for you there oh no no don't take the
approach you're just running away
everything okay we need a faster way of
doing this look I found a couple seemed
okay Scooby dooby dooby dooby dooby
someone tweeted me a picture of you know
the Nikki toilet paper and in case you
guys don't know this here is Miffy this
oh yo Oreo hey no I know there's Nikolas
and smudgy smudge Aroo um he's like he's
a wonder he's a wonder he's the oldest
he goes smudgy then Miffy
then Oreo no I think smudgy Oreo because
somebody's like Anna's Oreos like Emma's
miffy's is like Erica's and Nikki I
bought Nikki by Nikki hello about Nikki
for Anna's family family
can you scratch up my dog's eye look you
can see the mirror there you can see it
here but it works really really well
what's wrong guys is there something
different like there no I think it's the
fact that we're at Alma's house boy
didn't go in
Oh is he Mickey okay let's go get a
nutritious meal I would like to go
there's a vegetable patch up here it run
by my friend called Ronald uh what I
want to go that way no no stop it oh my
god I refute what are you doing car
listening to me car I don't know what
your plan is here but this is ridiculous
all right this is absolutely ridiculous
I do not want to be here oh my god how
did the car is it's taking off stop it
no I said no don't you go around this
corner oh my oh my god I mean I'm so
embarrassed
oh my god hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
