what's happening as you get a little
chip in the groove there she relentless
what's in there what's in there kick no
wait there's none in there there's none
in there what you're smelling is the
after effect after effect I use After
Effects that's cuz you leave home one in
there though she seems like you've just
one does mark okay look at this come on
your mission she is on a mission
oh my god did something I'm here now
y'all pick a drawer oh it's over VIP we
got the chip you got it baby she's good
I'm new beaters ladies finishing that
sound for a Gillette for women yeah the
best Bianca can get my third look
amazing Keaney fire you know it's really
pretty
zucchini fire for lunch oh really yeah
did John still here oh yeah they're
going to four six six humans six dogs
yeah one baby no baby mama you got room
just for sit Oh exactly six
what are your makeup oh my god right we
should get makeup like a gourmet place
right and then like why it all the bikes
and everything and then just pretend
that we made it yeah yeah done any
comments that fire was it wherever she's
got all the caterers took home and then
he hit all the stuff lieutenant he made
it but is then you'll never actually
done that that'll be so cool you guys
you know I just don't wanna be he got
away with it though I brought you
probably could you'd have to have like
you're your mom's has to work about like
two front door if you like you know two
compartments that I have yeah you could
meet the guy in one the pantry area
bring it into the kitchen prepare and
serve it well we're gonna have one front
door so we're gonna need to get a bigger
house just so leaving them check people
company come over you sure yeah what
would you like I didn't eat anything
Thai food no problem gonna be back 35 40
minutes he's not giving up he is on a
mission
oh did she oh that's what's happenin
there see this thing this is more a
couple others coming over seeing what
the crack is but they don't really
understand what's going on look at how
these Deena's Oh thing again
he's so cute he's all good yes you
should think you little monster but you
one skin monster the old munchkin
monster it's time for the workout lads
oh I was trying to UM captioning editing
I'm so mad I don't be I'm not gonna
upload sometimes I don't upload I kind
of press upload when I don't like the
shower so the timing is right oh let's
bring our henrietta yeah hopefully Emma
this is just a kind of store but um I'm
gonna wear socks and stuff and hopefully
it won't hurt as much hopefully Gary did
oh my god you know it's terrible it was
really horrible right I was just looking
up I'm looking again there he said the
other day we were looking at the MacBook
Pros the new ones are pretty good like I
like the ISIS and then the third
generation iCore system came out and
it's just it's really fast and in line
we put 16 gigs in in of RAM and I'm like
yeah it's time to kind of open it I want
to get Hannah on my foot or and in
MacBook Air the new ones cuz like super
thin but um it's like putting in the
prices like okay two thousand nine
hundred euros be the price to buy it in
Ireland and I was like I wonder how much
that is so I I changed it from Donna
et us to see how much it is since 1080
euros again this one has an 800 euros
2,900 euros versus 1800
like what the hell do be Jack she
cheaper actually went on to Aer Lingus
and there's a how much would it cost for
me to fly over to us go to a shop and in
the same day fly back again right and
then across the evaluation is 2300 so I
am stiff I actually fly to America stay
one night pick up a MacBook Pro hop back
on a plane fly back to Ireland I would
still be saving about 700 your
like crazy I don't know it's so crazy
easy no okay let's get to work
ah oh my god I did a personal best guys
whoa hey hey 10k on a runner should tag
you mushrooms and I decided to do some
conditioning today
it's like v6 press-ups some weights and
stuff holy crap oh my god
thank mr. weekend on the way whoa I need
to get a bottle I hope you guys when I'm
running I'm trying to drink out of her
pint glass it ends up on the floor mmm
oh my guy had my pulse like way up whoa
yeah
so we're talking about so cute cute
looking the ones down there looking at
me hey guys hey guys you remember little
peepees before we leave you we're gonna
go to the Popo ah I know that's like it
oh you did the tube just there mm-hmm
nigga has got a little situation because
I keep picking her up and now she loves
doing
don't give me inky's Oh Nicolo mmm any
everyone hey everyone huh
come on guys let's go peepees let's go
peepees
so we're going to the purple box and we
also I need to post some things and then
I am doing I decided to bring back
family Fridays bowties puppies are kind
of like not grown up now but you know
they're old enough that it's not it's
not like exotic yeah so it's fine we can
actually have what people over and they
can be around the puppies and everything
so it's not too hectic for anything like
that so I have a list which looks white
yeah but it's a list of everything
excuse me I need to fight they're making
two offices favorite YUM veggie biryani
is so mean eaten chicken it was a little
mean I was like I'm gonna make this and
I showed them and had a nice picture
enough to he was like Remy you made it
face no I say key not just joints in
corners it's got potato in it it's like
a really nutritious vegetarian meal and
you will love it well
I think you actually will because it's
like a kind of Indian thing I think is
it very Ani Indian
yeah and then I'm making dessert as well
which is super easy I'm just making out
um I'm just making what is it
Kevin Burton what it's called but it's
really good it's basically where you get
espresso and you put it all over like
vanilla ice cream and then you serve it
with a little Italian and we have that
it's red so you gotta yeah and it's
really really good
so I was like oh I was thinking like
what's easy to make because you know
what you made for each other you know
what yeah well you know when you make a
whole meal and they don't really want to
be bothered at us like everything but
I'm real and we can party yeah but you
see baking is generally done in the
other sucks
otherwise I probably would have baked
cupcakes or something but I'm still poor
takeaway ya know and then um so I came
up with that that's like a really really
easy one that you can just it's not even
like I'm making anything rename just
putting things together so um that's
what we're having for dinner tonight
surprise huh it's the cupcake cottage
I'm not cupcake large all right keep
driving past and I'm thinking today I
was like well I take the Liffey are they
can almost like get cupcakes instead of
that do you think let's go see what this
is about
yeah with your pride you got a couple
x-gen gorge ourselves for lunch
see this place is all about I don't know
Oh how do you get into it
oh my god I actually bring you down here
and it's closed really sorry about that
I know you probably think that I knew
that yeah let's go cupcake
once that website looked up a college
study closed for two weeks
oh my god 7 August that's close though
yeah yeah that far away look what's
under counter red velvet Oreo lemon
let's play again
ok ok so I guess it's the espresso with
the ice cream I guess that's what we're
having
we're so close to having nice cupcakes
and now we have an espresso over the
room that Nene's ruined it
all right so let's go to Subway and then
we'll go ahead and check all this stuff
at holy crap oh you guys us and stuff
for London some some ear Lando's you
Lando's la
was it tricky one
as I said I'm out absolutely no idea
where we are
I was at turning around to go back to
the Cathedral where we normally go and I
spotted this I was like it's like a
little park or something
nice enough oh well thank you why thank
you very much leave nice waters juana
juana paninis attendee order for jofi oh
you wanna hit your thing open I think
the water hole you see this guy I think
this guy collected Don Draper's charing
from Don Draper's modern apartment
listen look like he's a modern apartment
chair what will tone will Tom Tesco
and we never go to wilt um guys I used
to live is that well in court it is I
used to live just over there when I was
in university and we used to do two sets
of twenty four-hour one Jimmy used to
cross with these lights we used to get
the Tiffin's or your dad used to drop
you off at these lights and you drive up
and if you go around around a bit and
you'd come back down here and we'd be
like crossroad my god you guys live in
Wilson Court do you live in my old house
I can't remember the number of it 27
probably I don't know if I should say
that okay Don House was looking snoo
house built there yeah it was me it was
this guy called own he was the geologist
I think using take care geology and used
to seat there was the heel he was a pre
doctor so he was doing a PhD and Chloe I
don't know never seen here box yeah my
hands
xenia and then you hide the girl
he was doing a nurse nursing yeah she
came in last night you see myself at
home we've been in August big night
night oh yeah we got his owner guy and
the police had to come and remove him oh
my and just like backed away from you
something like that like yeah and that's
when the girl the nurse girl came yeah
so she came a couple of months after and
he didn't back away but it was crazy and
the police came and aligner I was so
cool so we were hide behind her door go
like this is the best student digs ever
is so exciting oh god I used to drive a
motorbike gizelle and I used to park it
up there it got robbed once remember
because it was an N or C 30 haven't you
guys know about bikes the or C 30 have
this shut off thing because it's more of
like a race bike it's not so much a road
bike but I have to shut off valve and I
always shut her off out of habit
so I think they started the fight and
they went a gardener all you just
couldn't figure out why wouldn't went so
she just about just gave up but yeah fun
times
uh-huh look at us now I didn't live
there were you clean did it you're
always over yeah I know I didn't live
there though I know I didn't I lived
there but yeah I know it was
no we have so many videos and stuff it
was like what year was that was that
2007 happen like where I was actually
making YouTube videos in 2007
I just wasn't uploading them to YouTube
in a sense you know we were always
making videos the same was like in about
2002 I think I started vlogging because
I've so many videos of me like my
friends like blogging and doing stuff
and it just it wasn't called vlogging
and we weren't doing it to upload it to
YouTube but I just have all these video
I kept them all like give me some
comments if you guys comments are
uploading stuff like that
all right tumor no I think the roommate
is on YouTube is it when we made the
robots the housemate yeah I think that
when it is on scene that house yeah yeah
check it out my Johnson Jonestown fun
times fun times at Don Draper's chair
alright the traffic is crazy so we're
opening presents oh that's just a bag
that's so cute oh is it like animal
welfare being can make the troublemaker
McKenzie age ten or a hundred ten that
was crease at the zeros oh it's so cute
awesomeness that's so cool they do hated
Christmas Marcos Oh
squeeze it it's gonna do something
violence bitch oh yeah I love that
wait finally resorted to chasing carrots
carrot sticks but it's so cool thanks a
lot Amelia or McKenzie hope you enjoyed
in the Olympics over in London town oh
my god I forgot about this and you and
you guys watch The Apprentice remember
this guy
Amelia kickin yeah Jimmy this guy from
your apprentice well he got in touch to
us a while ago and he's like can I send
you guys some products reviewing stuff I
was like oh my god I wanted him to win
coach um yeah he's the inventor guy and
now I just like him I think he's kind of
cool Pinero I wonder British apprentice
thank you Lord Sugar
I was bruised and battered
no when I fell I was unrecognizable to
myself in the streets our Philadelphia
does my lead-in tonight my lead-in oh
she's a filly what's that what's that
finishing difference in another name is
Kristen Kristen from Philly she said she
bought these before we even for we
announced gender she knew so the venue
guys are are pregnant and you don't know
the gender do not get a ginger scan go
to Philly ask Kristen in Philly
she'll know the answer oh my god oh god
I have to drive why do I have to try it
it's the unfun part I want to know this
leopard print this leopard print okay so
these are little pants with the little
footsies oh they're so cute and look
okay Andrea you can't look but everyone
else can look it's a little onesie with
a pussycat on it and it's leopard oh I
love it
so NIC jerseylicious in Philly to be
filial Isha's three months oh my god
she's more lasting we watch the
jerseylicious team came up for
Philadelphia's version was like
delicious oh my god no oh
I think this is the girl who made the
artwork that's in our kitchen
to me the green thing of yeah yeah she
sent us this stuff
last year he recognized Washington thing
yeah
little pigs by Gemma Dickinson
there's her business card in an office
on a focus oh here we go
Etsy shop is little pigs and YouTube
channel is puppy pics okay to little
Amelia I hope you like it from Jim
little pigs
okay that's cute it's kind of its kind
of doggy honors paper stuff yeah great
for your reveal cute it says that an
Italian does pickle a blinky pass pass
what's that mean metal princess that's
so cute
that is so adorable oh my god I'm going
in there oh yeah oh yeah a little
oh my god it is so adorable that is
still way we can actually hang this over
her crib now anyways yeah okay you know
but oh my god thank you so much
you get our family
look at this thing it just gave us a
change back then it's like oh we fund
about fifty five cent please post this
to stamp refunds
oh my god error receipt isn't that
bayleaf to one that's dried here in the
spicy section yeah no no no I bet um I
bet you Bailey's brown turn terminal
strategies I say I thought was good one
of these you know okay
oh my god it smells amazing here
okay there's a lot of things on this
cumin take it uh message time to turn
her keeper Hayley's oh yeah I was the
thinking Kieffer
okay we're looking at keepers down there
I thought it was like that
we go don't we have seen on finally
running we've had that for like oh no
it's coroner autopsy
tourniquet cinnamon sticks
and stick it in some ice Karan
around
next I think we should buy a dessert
here and just pretend everyone we that
we made it ourselves saffron saffron is
a cool name
you should someone should named her
child saffron you know kind of a cool
name yeah it's a fun house like
Piekarski get into my office North
Carolina that's a replica from nice
cupcakes I hope is full of cupcakes
thank you bye it's got like diamonds on
it real diamonds she look Regios javis
Anna Amelia
I'll be seen on he'll yank at Nevaeh and
last but not least please open package
then card so the chiropractor okay oh my
oh my god sorry ladies my daddy's taken
Oh
oh my god a cupcake head her head is a
cupcake whatever you hyung do when I eat
for the bite out of it
did you make this no way look I love
this I love this box for our I think
foramina Bielek
when she's eating cupcakes even for you
she's retiring purposes all right let's
see who came from Erica from CA that is
got a point right yeah look I ain't
gonna
my god Wow great paper and I live in the
supply of paper
Abbi no don't don't don't
unless you want it then so bad for you
can't we think we got them from
Charlotte yeah I love them oh man I
can't afford is amazing I want to move
to California
oh thank you notes mary-jane straps
oh my god no they're Mary James that's
the name of that shoe like those shoes
though it's so cute in all different
colors my pony
yeah good about sex in a box oh my god
Parker's so pretty
yeah look at the little bows oh so much
so nice okay I don't put not there no oh
you thought it would like this what on
your plate screams oh my god Oh yummy
punch cream bun chocolate cookies
actually you would probably like that
more than me it was two very chocolatey
chocolate
she sent so much what do I do like an
hour and a half tomorrow I'm gonna eat
all of this now feel it feel it oh my
god we should put the little hat on her
yeah
yeah nobody so cute I think she's gonna
turn into a cupcake just do her soft
that is hold on to that for a moment
okay no you take it put on the table
that is so cute
sorry guys I hope you think everything
is for him
what's that good stuff oh my god oh it's
the it's yeah I don't anything I wanted
that's crazy for my guard and I was
looking around I know I want the big one
oh yeah look I am today
oh I think you have to drive it looks
like it was like your helmet yeah the
fun seat oh my god because I said on one
of my videos I was like in America in
bath and Bodyworks you can get all these
really good sanitizers that smell good
and here you will be that like crappy
ones Barry and she sent me all really
nice scented ones lavender honey oh my
god that is so sweet of you because I
actually said it in my video but you
know what I didn't think somebody would
actually send me any oh oh no it's a
hair tie another bath and Bodyworks Wow
you know showers now ah it's a magic
potion oh nice
I cannot wait to put all those hands on
thighs let's do it all in
thanks so much Ricky's thank you so much
that was way too much
oh okay oh yeah quick so no no I think
that's my clicker stylish I am so I mean
it's gone away for the weekend we're
just gonna pack your bag all right so
this is a trick all of this has to fit
in what do you let one fly em oh my god
seriously go go go oh did it I don't
know no like a fly infestation or
something there's a fly factory there's
so cute like a little toy one like when
you're paying shop yeah correct
see she's not be Donna jars are speaks
that's Clara Harris all right let's pack
this bad boy up you know do you want to
bring their cupcake blankie that we just
got okay
now
I have a purpose you look so cool and
then there's dirty nappies in here boom
we are ready hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
