my helper today have a little help for
today hey man how did you get up here
huh
do you even know how it happened how did
you end up up here
yeah I totally understand go down hmm
so much bigger do you remember like they
were all in that together like that
now you could even fit in there real dog
I'm a little boy hey real dog
do you doing in there
thank you do what you can
she's so cute
does anybody know where Alby is like
seriously where's Alby does anyone rld
is does anyone know where LD is ellaby
do you guys know where alveus look this
little I'll be
where's he'll be is anyone or LPS Alby
where's the way I'll be I just don't
know where lb is I can't figure it out I
just can't figure out where lb is is it
is he yeah what what's that what's that
I'll be I'll be where are you I'll be
showing everybody else in what's going
on
where's gonna would you like it Oh play
sacrifice you Albie oh my god you baby
in my my manly place my special private
place run I'll be run free run free tell
them about my sacrifice
ouch that's the downside start working
here I've got blisters boat my feet look
there and there and the other one ah so
sore I am I'm gonna work through the
pain you guys give me tips on how to
actually get rid of blisters I kind of
read online and it said just to leave
them if they haven't filled up of water
and these ones have actually fill up
water or whatever the hell is supposed
to go inside them so I'm just going to
leave them in the air and hope that they
had to get better so I can go on
tomorrow because it was super sore
around like the 25-minute mark and I was
like maybe that's just adjustment pain
and then I kept going in bed and I was
like I can't walk and then you shower it
over stinking so bad but um you gotta
gets a boner so I don't know maybe super
cream on it I really hope it goes away
for tomorrow this I don't have to like
you know stop or wait or some of that
you know
can you guys spot the impostor can you
guys fight the impostor oh it's raw
looking at can you guys spot the
impostor dough gets toy Oh where's the
toilet
oh no I know it's bobbing for apples
it's bobbing for apples oh no no it's
wet everywhere
bobbing for apples doggystyle turns
aside like we'll have this for lunch
kids hopefully these barn we have
anything else so I figure like I might
just have like half one of these now and
a half later sees more of a dinner thing
but it's not really off here and I just
have to do you only want her to go and
get lunch I don't know there's no soup
I'm past that
so I'm trying I don't do that already a
big - yeah
big tuna a big tuna year tuition hmm
Dini she's waiting for someone to kick
her ball I hit this ball Oh Judah he
can't avoid him look to us to be adored
cheers kiss upon Davis hit the toy let's
be Inca give it to me ready viciously
they like the fat G game look at the fat
chick game like punch again oh my
goodness
are you telling me all this stuff you're
bringing all these pages are filled
we're trying we're trying to pack the
pregnancy by the hospital leg Nina stole
my hoodie right away it is actually from
your promotional like it's from locally
with the sneaky chew in a men's
alley for Mom for dad phone and charger
toothbrush camera charger comfy shoes
t-shirt deodorant for body open
don't fit body and I was like what's the
body anybody somebody Martin me some
nail scissors nappy clean what snappy
cream cream does that stop a rashing is
it yeah like no no no no I bet you in
other countries though they probably
have like how about you give loads of
free stuff but in Ireland we got nothing
no they have nothing they say you're
like we'll give you nothing you must
bring everything or didn't give you
cotton wool at least you are at least
you get your own duvet cover like might
you have to bring your own bed covers
we're bringing her own object kissing
yeah you breathe um 13 Aki's dirty
nappies yeah so that 10 nappies a day
yeah holy crap well 28 don't we have a
box of 36 yeah I just show up the whole
pack in there I'm not seeking utmost
decision yeah but what it why don't I
bring that stuff later cuz I just prefer
to have everything packed one go yeah I
make you're working these really
annoying like it's a lot mmm
I need in my bag there's just so much
stuff cuz you have to bring late but you
really need it on I have less than what
they say oh they're like for night games
if - is it in case you like yeah lead or
discharge with mine yeah just don't
leave in yourself you and then like
disposable um pens like disposable
underwear
nothing them what about edible underwear
yeah chocolate ones you know I'm just
bringing
I'm bringing what granny panties
yeah yeah yeah and I bought maternity
one so I don't need really matters in
there it's not really about how good you
look
how then you have to hide stuff like Oh
a dressing in which I don't have yet dad
for the dressing and is big enough like
you put one dress in that bag
Dover right that's way to get where
dressing in there but that's why I can
bring it I didn't get it all right I
didn't pack it because number one I'm
actually using my dressing gown
yeah at the moment a lot of things I
need like to use but like the first
night right well until you give birth
which hopefully hopefully you're not one
of these 20-hour labor situation because
I have to carry the dogs you know we're
gonna miss the baby being born either
but it's like you know once you have the
baby you probably go asleep that's
that's when I can go home and get
whatever we're missing no I know that
you know I just prefer to have
everything well just really reorganize
it and see if we can fit it all in I
have like most stuff kind of organized
and like I know what I bring in stuff is
just that then they're like you know
travel hair dryer and yeah I will have
to wash my hair at least one of those
dangers in three days
if you're staying for two days well I am
oh it even says to them for like an or
first-time moms uncomplicated birth you
sure three to five days five days you
know so I say three yeah I think three
is kind of a normal but um yeah and
that's uncomplicated well the insurance
says um two days in a private room yeah
so I assume try a few days cause any
place in a lot yeah I unless you want a
holiday bleep I'll take the baby home
you just stay here in the holiday room
well the point
is that we cooperate I teach ya and they
do things breastfeeding and yeah they
help you latching or clamping and yeah
yeah totally flow time for me me my
friends here okay hang in there just
like get so much stuff I know and then
like they say it's it's impossible to
like pack everything because you still
need stuff thank you you're supposed to
bring your plate near folder oh that's
not that big folder it's huge oh yeah we
don't find a bag like we just hand the
folder we check in and then they're
lodged at into our room nice I wanted to
have bad that's just packed and like in
the creek see the thing is what she said
is that we'll check into our main room
when you're dilated and all that carry
on they bring you up to the labor where
you're actually gonna give birth yeah
then you need a little bag to bring you
to the birthing room and then once you
have the baby you know that they ship us
back down into your suite you know and
then you haven't have all your stuff
there select you need two bags
cuz when she said it was like just have
like a few things with you and go
straight in and then yeah she had the
baby I can go home never see you don't
eight twelve treatments yeah at the
start yeah then I know you're better if
you have it all yeah we can leave it all
in the car I know we see I keep taking
things out of there put anything zenlea
well I know I mean like leave all the
extras in the car and then I'll just be
in the car park so if you need something
I can just get to the car and get it
ya know I know that it's just thought
you don't move coming in with like four
big long suitcases like hi I'm here to
check in for a week what's the pool like
that you have a pool it's just a
birthing pool so you know I can sit
there with your like deck chair and uh
reading a book like hi folks magazines
yeah well obviously bike I can't read so
yeah I'm just gonna quietly for there
pack my way off the laptop don't really
have Wi-Fi house all of you my lunch all
think I can't fit that in my bag well we
find out with a midwife at last come one
day where the story is like it all can
Wi-Fi itself some people um I need a lot
of people bring their laptops oh yeah
like what if they have Wi-Fi least you
can like watch you cheat and stuff then
I get over on the blogs in there that's
more what I'm interested in rather than
like books and stuff oh yeah all right
yeah even TV yeah snoring but no they do
with his remember another different
hospital the American oh your dad's one
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but I was
different Hospital as oncology which is
over in the other place mm-hmm I don't
know we're working it it's fine and then
when you look when you reach 200,000
subscribers I'll buy you an iPhone right
and then you'll be able to see iPhone
that's what I said I think people
thought I said 100,000 no no no I said
200,000 I don't care VI we're gonna
night we're getting HTC One X's the one
that get it was okay that does it or no
no it's just on the moms you it's like a
oh yeah yeah what I wanted anyway
because it's quite Court but now you've
seen the video well you're like I want
that one and it's white and it's large
yeah I want the white one yeah do you
think a puppy got hold of this does it
look like a bun oh I've been hit in the
garden oh goodness oh goodness
where's the puppy oh no Crick
why can you want they're too big
what like me have clear idea
yeah it's probably when I with that type
oh I'll clean off the peepee you make
the baby bringing up the peepee make the
baby I'll be would leave it up there
this is zina entertaining yourself
I'd sure shut up the ball so cute
did you bring it somewhere else and it
shall drop it herself
oh it's a puppy
sure I'm sure
video is good for this she pretty used
to it by now anyway yeah she's gonna be
so much used to it maybe I can get
hello soon picked up now it's a new
thing she's sitting on my foot dad you
give them any kind of it take know they
love it
I feel like chicken tonight I don't get
the right there it's so good I know the
older they get though the more he'll do
cuz he kind of plays it Xena
yeah you trust her yes they build that
trust up there too excited he's no no
she's like you can when you carry me on
the wall yeah I like walks now Cena's
gone crazy
I see you can get seen a girl crazy on
camera see the concrete it's like scared
of her wrong
like just honey for the play okay okay
oh it's turned into a pooping okay
Theodore Roosevelt where you feel what
are you yeah let's do that
oh you Steve alby's how are you sure yes
this is not a peanut butter now huh who
was ate the peanut butter go just trying
to eat it up
he is the biggest ones oh yeah you kind
of fit him probably honey I'm an up
close everyone better calm be calm so I
can put P oh yeah I don't where that is
right here start ripping it up him
tell me all I think we should take this
off
yeah brah
ah
Oh No
there was too much excitement look what
happened there was too much excitement
no if the strip to bed then I think was
Bianca or Theo any Bianca auntie Oh or
Bianca or Theo but those peepees and it
was worst case scenario because i went
all the way to to do wait so that was
fun we all had a great time but hinted
with someone peeing the bed the old
downside to buying loads of large
objects as you can see here what the
hell do you do with them afterwards
you got huge boxes so I figured out I'm
just gonna drive down the motorway are
you ready
and it's just going to open the door I'm
just going to kick them out like
technically it's recycling right feel
like maybe if you get like a foam deal
and the pineapples say look at these
things did the latest batch I don't know
where they came from but like they're
like pathetic and then they're really
like you know the hard bits and it's
sort of them
I'm going to put them to the slicing
machine from relation to my jucy
normally they only did but lately they
just have not been juicy huh
our love grapes love the grapes I love
the gray and I love the grapes no grapes
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Joey and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
