thank you
I know my mother watches love so happy
Mother's Day mother right every ready to
open the car you need it
it's not better that one's good work it
was just as good - mummy happy Mother's
Day love from Eduardo you wrote your
name oh that one I know but she's in
reception do you like it Eduardo looks
like she wrote it herself super special
Eduardo's one he wrote it himself
and that's e the new Arg oh yes little
walk to child she gets everywhere as
well oh I was like you look around now
hey what is she and she just left it
over she's like oh those guys were in
there and she can just like water and
she didn't so sort of a split this table
oh boy good girl
seagulls crying in
my James over ice cream curtains drawn
to the sound and all the castles to be
paid
the same way as the boy he's a man
clouded memories
Bianca
- line
hey guys well it's my house too
it's bigger than last times house talk
because guess what last time we didn't
put the baby back which sells to sky
chills crying but today she water cuz I
don't bode hubby say we started
she calls me harder yet but you can say
that that mother
sissy hahaha my dividend of this but I
do the bar
I do the mother bloody t-shirt it goes
outside see I can show you make the toy
box see the toy book this is what's
funnier and this is the tube huh we've
got all three of the gang in here then
the kids build a fort around
Alessia it's a day this is where you
breastfeed yeah oh God oh wait wait
Amelia it's Wednesday
and you're a mother happy Mother's Day
all right because the less is crawling
and the dogs are naughty are they huh
cause you keep crawling everyone put
your bum everywhere Alessia ya little
bum shuffler mop mop mop edema
is it clean inside almost the what are
you guys doing in here come on do the
chores
I've already have helped you don't you
just love when your kids trash your
house on a Sunday don't you just love
when you buy things for the new baby
and they get trashed on the floor
because you have three kids already
don't you just love tryin on bikinis
when you're 18 19 weeks pregnant no you
don't there's nothing I can do about it
I'm definitely not bikini ready maybe
back in November
back in November I could have gone what
is it with that like you get ready for
or you get in shape or whatever yeah you
get in shape in the wintertime who does
that me do you repeat chicken with your
mouth she's so done oh my goodness let
me see your mouth if you've chicken in
your mouth
do you have chicken in there can I see
can I see bunny bunny get the bunny good
girl
when you knew what I was talking about
anyway oh what's that
yeah the sparkles when I made that sound
oh my goodness
so cute
typical girl a typical girl yeah Alice
Alessia sitting in her bed see if he can
actually see her she's coming crawling
she's wandering around
she was sitting up though cuz I could
see her hand here like playing away
hi yeah
don't disappear like that unless yeah
it's free dicking around you wanna say
something
that's here Alessia oh I see a shadow
she's like my my new hoodie it's part of
the collection that I got the 50 million
pieces of items that I got from a sauce
like my garden so honey because Ana did
this M style chart or something color
thingy he was like what colors with a it
was that's why yeah and I was like oh
look this isn't my color thing where she
got this because I never normally buy a
color like this but now looking at I'm
like wow I am ten times more attractive
what's better focus for this you are
know it's like navies and blues and
suffer a Fodor's like greens and like
peachy colors like this no it's like
okay so color church cool look up your
color track how'd you find that yeah
computer Google your color chart ages
ago and then yeah you could be like
means yeah mostly coach positive offer
our trip are all like kind of this kind
of like colors and stuff and up until
see you'll see very shortly for now it's
going get kids are inside having a
sunday sunday sunday fun day
Sunday Funday guys they're watching as
they're binging a nap a season of do you
know that book them if you give a mouse
a cookie
you have the box oh my goodness imagine
Armenia there was a cartoon show about
saucony Jolie's would you watch a
cartoon series
Yvette's Majoris
anybody myself and Amelia for the last
yeah it's a critic I thank you
so myself let me relax in a while I've
been reading this book it's very
exciting it's very long we are have we
been waiting to read this Oh we'll be
reading it for a couple of days now it's
like our new oil thing now we read books
at night it's very it's fun isn't it and
it's just is it just - is it is it is it
is it too long you can't see I can't see
that like on record by the way there we
go
why do people need to see people need to
see very far away when when they need
glasses taken they can already just whoa
we all some people can see really far
away and any glasses some people can
only see like a little bit in front of
them and you need glasses
everyone is different you know
like Alma wears glasses but mommy
doesn't and nobody in Daddy's family
wears glasses except for daddy
well you when you a little boy no no
only like a year or two ago I didn't
have these I don't have to wear them all
the time yeah my new state definitely
you can't even when you'll sleep like
when he's asleep he definitely can take
them off cuz he's got nothin to see far
away yeah and then you jump on me in the
morning and I'm not wearing in my way
anyway were reading this book it's very
exciting and he's got into reading big
girl books you guys have read Malawi or
melot melot we we call him Allah we know
it's very sorry hey tell him what what
for Tibet Tibet quick review about
ponies but one that came from a
different country but it was actually a
different a different realm different
now round and it was a pony too but it
didn't have the muck what power it had
it doesn't fell there and then late my
best friend like we don't know if she's
got her muck yeah don't know we worst
worth thinking here mark we're thinking
she's gonna get a mark but we don't know
yet no spoilers if you read the book ok
no it's voices but we think she might
get this time next week in media we're
gonna be chilling somewhere somewhere
crazy it's gonna be so exciting I know I
started this year I was like mate don't
tell them I was like oh I already told
Sofia
dice if he has a channel now and she's
blogging yeah did you tell Sophia did
she say did you tell Sophia the baby's
name how many people have you told the
baby's name did you tell everybody yeah
everyone ok so everyone a whole school
knows the baby's name do they
yeah because I mean it was kind of
everyone we were pregnant before you
guys knew before the official
announcement video Emily is like telling
it she's like yes there are no secret
spies no sleep it's all right say good
night my friends good night and the
vlogs gonna be so epic on our adventure
right we're right here I thank you guys
for watching today's video don't forget
to hit the subscribe button hit the bell
button so you get notifications because
these videos never these videos never
seem to go into the subscription boxes
anymore so it's like lucky dip if you
know about them but anyway hit the bell
one
