okay get the hose get the hose sorry we
opened our water park
oh and we are because it's sunny you can
see it's is sunny because it was good so
Bella so the weather is very good so
he's just putting the upward yeah and
it's going to be really sunny let's go
back closer hey guys we already just put
this away two days ago and everything
what are the odds are you gonna clean
this can you clean this like how you
clean them oh look the sky Wow
so today look at why did you see me okay
cream on and water so we are just gonna
put subside cream off cuz we're doing
intercept I am a decent leg I can do log
oh really yeah yeah hey can I tell you
to do that well I just said I have no
idea what you just did
posing
I can't rose like that
extension cord so my plan here is just
to inflate it and then clean it and
hopefully if I just inflate it it's just
gonna work itself out so let's turn on
the inflator not a good start
there we go
hopefully it just fixes itself guys
good morning crocodile oh all right we
are washing this is the height thing now
all the leaders of
why why
I have an idea this might be a bit silly
and stupid but what if I filled it up
with fairy liquid okay it's gonna get
rid of all the grime and grease and it
also may make a foam party this could be
a great idea this could be a terrible
idea
how cool is that careful is that sheet
still dirty
don't go in that fit go in the middle
we're trying to clean it it is actually
working you know what that's actually
working
yeah it should break it down yeah why
it's also making it more fun all right
climb up here you can we should put
olive oil in as well I love well you
know cuz remember when my hair when that
happened with my hair and I put olive
oil in very liquid in and it broke down
the dirt be ready go okay get the hose
get the hose all right close your eyes
close your eyes close your eyes media
throat rice all right it's gone now
ready go go on did wino
was it slippery you're very brave
that was really good to put an sto down
ready go fast you're actually gonna go
lean there's a slug on you or something
all right I'm gonna feed the baby I
gotta meet his prey are you gonna do it
again media okay but I got rid of all
the stuff so should be good now no more
look I got rid of them all
he got rid of the most of the foam what
it is not you working though it's gonna
add brain liquid
I know go careful why no going daddy's
gonna catch you
oh good girl this faster than normal so
who wouldn't taught it huh a better
fairy liquid
will change our water park into a
slip-n-slide e park whose crazy it's
super sniffy which one you going
downward oh this one all right go for it
mister
anyways get set go hey lassie you want
to go you want to go to baby one it has
dual purpose as well though because
we're actually cleaning it at the same
time we're just working yeah okay you
going
here we go on your marks get set go
that's the danger spot if you stand
there and spray you look good okay for
this much get set go
the Pearl is being cleaned away but
we're going to go and get a little
update on Amelia's tooth situation I
don't know what the situation is if it's
a dangler do we just pull it out I see I
think that maybe we do I'm not sure
let's have a look let me see how dangly
it is okay do you see now I want you to
move to toot see that seems like let me
see let me see cuz it seems really open
up wide okay this is the teeth here yeah
like that's it's properly cimelia I
don't know maybe we should pull it out
Wow
yeah because it's a dangly one I think
we could just pull out the tangley one
maybe you don't pull it out but that he
could pull it out just a quick pop cuz
what I'm worried what I'm worried about
Amina okay is that it just comes out and
you swallow it or you eat it for
accident or you just lose it and then
the chick is gone was that spooky so a
minute ago craziest thing just happened
right so we're all standing here having
a chat right and a bird comes flying
along and dropped something and like I'm
a scream I was like what and it was like
I had to just like clean up the crime
scene here but it was a little baby
chick and it would like just exploded on
the ground here it was pretty freaky so
I had to clean it up and everything in
case the dogs ate it or something ash
and we tell the story hang it like that
yeah those Mentos I was like what are we
supposed to do here but I think the bird
um it was probably like discarding it
from its nest or something I like weed
looked like pretty brand new but I
exploded in the kids are freaking
so I have to just like take care of it
and then get rid of it it was like cool
it's kind of freaky but everyone it's
not like what's going on like I don't
want to shout I'm gonna show you guys I
didn't block it because I was like it's
pretty nasty watch it's gone now it's
all cleaned up he's gone away now he's
not the heaven birdy heaven do extreme
I'm just having a nice sit-down in the
garden on the trample Mia are you
excited are you excited to go back to
school you're going back to school in
like next it's not exciting that was
your first summer holidays you're gonna
go back to school where like any Heat my
men don't have any your friends have
lost heat is it normal to lose heat at
4:00 Eduardo Jonathan Ciccone Tony you
are about to start kindergarten okay do
you say Benson that is head
please don't bounce on daddy's head
