whoo I am shiitake mushrooms tired
that's a curse would that be rude ah
shit
tacky mushrooms so I'm gonna make some
just because they cut faster I said yeah
I like them too laughs the animal shapes
but they did faster so AB I did it I did
with you I know I did like 15 minutes
yesterday is sort of a warm-up just to
break in slowly and then I did like a
full 40 minutes they're on they go and
then like 20 minutes like warm oh cool
then and weights and stuff so they went
in the back the economics I am pooped
I'm probably not gonna talk about this
every single day for 30 days so if I
don't talk about it don't be like old on
the ground like I'm not gonna fail this
no way Jose and if I do fail if I would
let you know I mean a you childhood
member haleyss okay you have to know
pretty one this every day 31 days
yeah well this thing I might be able to
do something like all once a week or
twice a week but I committed to the
vlogs two and a half years ago and I
have done that every single day for two
and a half years which i think is a
pretty good achievement I can hear the
applause I will accept your applause so
I figure might just jump in plus there's
a thing called am vlog august longest
Veda video so yeah so I think I'm gonna
do I'm jokin boot camp during beta so
good I like I've been doing Veda or year
yeah whatever happened 4-h as though
essentially my personal co-chair
oh sorry hi guys oh maybe Inca I being
gay maybe being gay I feel or hide
Theodore hi hey you guys over there
oh yeah I'll do that now right now oh
they don't know you have a cow make a
puppy go wild crazy oh what's that
hi excuse me
nice to go out my yes but this one right
here do this one first and you guys
actually make it as company between me
and said they've made this that's kind
of cool but I just like totally made
this up
how'd you put it on ER oh no it's like
poor it sort of one step Hey ladies
what's he Arab oh yeah I have some basil
and Parmesan oh yeah and I delivered
some - Nene's I remember when am what I
used to Train like a you know high
competitor but I've always to do the
night before big advance we have these
things called
car parties which is where we don't like
em go to one of the guys houses and we
all bring like some sort of like a
passage of potatoes just like huge
amounts of carbs you just like your pack
of energy the next day like but ask this
is my mini car party
it's actually sunny right now we can
i've actually no idea how long it's
gonna last so I'm glad I get all the
things I wanted to do we just cut the
grass and sort out the car because why
not i shampoo the car oh my God look at
your face when I shampoo the car like
you know that stuff was like crazy
chemically so I'm gonna need to leave
all the windows open for a while to kind
of ventilate it so it would help if it
was not raining all right let's get our
boys off the bass oh god another hole Oh
God
the ones are actually left out in the
rain
are you that you bring in the toys back
to me I really appreciate that but how
do you better we didn't know that I see
I see a problem here kiddo
whoa can you guys get in here now that's
never been in here before like oh my God
look at this place
what the old you guys the Kosh okay yeah
yeah get down get you daddies
what do you munching okay
I think I'll move to toys as I move
along because probably not chased belong
more
you're all brave Lego batters
this is my trick when you get to boobies
yeah
squish up the poopies like so no don't
eat it
and then I get the puppies my trick
thanks for a long time to chew on
it's worth it to have a poop of regard
it's funny after it's done everybody has
a isn't that is what everyone has a
green feet isn't that better though
isn't it no like a real green peach but
you're gonna get a green field all over
me oh goodness oh goodness
all right operation one complete your
operation to draw two logs and help
loading copying uh I think I might
vacuum first hey
hey you there hey get out of my way
direct my head tomorrow one of you guys
tell me what it is I don't know what how
is that so I was wearing flip-flops when
I was doing the thing look I've got
green toe syndrome and one green - oh
look that's kind of black but he's not
really funny is there a little bit let's
go boys and this one oh yeah Oh actually
smells green oh because this is my right
foot so I put more pressure on this one
there's enough money oh goodness
so this is world yelling what guys this
is shit
hi would you like to buy my car sure
this is a special interior it's a
mixture of sand and sake and dog hairs
and I don't know what else is in here
hmm
Oh take it alright how's our pile of dog
lead boxes okay so I figure I'm gonna
vacuum it first I have with me yeah and
a vacuum at first to get rid of all the
chunks and then and then I'm gonna try
and scrub it and
that's oh my god it's crazy I would say
diners that you know we're getting next
next star we're gonna get I'm gonna get
one of those that you know it's a Land
Rovers or probably a Range Rover because
I feel like a Land Rover is like it's a
functional four-wheel-drive vehicle
Range Rovers just for show-offs I'm a
show-off put it like there's no point to
up I am because I saw for anyone I had
one and the back area you know at the
back section had like a big cage and he
would keep his two dogs like their Great
Danes like two of them so they're
massive like but I was like oh my god we
should get one an M right or even like
in a state where I'll probably go with
the Jeep because I figured it's safe for
anyone crashes into us and Amelia will
be safe but um to make a whole back area
for the dogs put blankets out in pairs
and stuff and that becomes their area
and then a media career and then we'll
have the frontier area and probably um
the next little lad will come along and
there be enough room for everybody and
he has a good plan so if you have a
Range Rover you're not using it send it
to mailbox to 1100s big night guys don't
don't don't be sending things to APO box
II mean you don't want to like you know
em there's always like we only show I
say honestly we show about 60% of the
stuff that we get because I can't be
like you know and most people are
arcuate out I'm just saying like don't
send stuff if you're expecting if you
want something from where you expect to
be shown and stuff for that like I can't
guarantee that so I prefer if you just
didn't send anything rather than you
know you're sending something and then
be upset because you know you don't
actually see your thing on the vlog or
something like that Jeremy but I'm like
and appeal box is set up originally for
our business that's what we use it for
you know product reviews anti-gas or
like when we get send stuff I just find
it easier to have a peel box and yeah
like you know it's cool when you guys
sense if we appreciate that I love your
I love hearing from you guys and
interacting you guys and you send gifts
it's extremely generous of you and we're
very appreciative of that but we can't
always show everything and I hate to
think somebody you know gets upset or
something by that you know yeah let's
get to work
like an aeroplane let's break off
okay so we have vacuumed it which
definitely I think it looks a lot better
anyway it's still pretty messed up but
definitely looks a lot better okay now
hi stranger bla bla bla bla directions
vacuumed air first oh my god I did that
so cool and even knowing you had to okay
shake well spray foam evenly over small
area work foam in the surface using
brush the five minutes that forms
releasing the dirt use gentle pressure
wipe over using a cloth damp cloth cloth
to remove dirt stains which I have
lifted service vacuum the area once dry
oh okay shake it to the left cuz you're
having a good time shake it cuz you know
Nana peel fun that's my school song
that's what I'll sing you know yeah I
don't know okay I'm gonna I'm gonna
ventilate this area there we go that's
it in ventilation alright oh goodness oh
goodness oh crap I didn't know you're
nice okay you did not realize it was
gonna do that the whole place is
destroyed I assume it's kind of look
worse before it gets better
okay it's making sort of hip tingling
sounds it's probably good so you have to
get like to all of it
and cover the whole area can't see this
much any better right now yeah
interesting looking okay so uh what that
mean isn't feel like would you like a
lift in my car mind the snow
all right so close it again shake well
spray foam area did that work into
surface using brush okay
yeah okay I'll just do this for the
whole car I guess all right that's the
stuff moved in now it says me over like
five minutes and then give a damn clock
like I have here but I'm it definitely
looks a lot better you can see all their
stuff in there apparently this stuff's
gonna work it and then it'll get rid of
it all hopefully we'll find out in a few
minutes anyway
oh yeah this is looking way better you
know this is like the one time where I
was like I say Donna was like going this
is like the only time I've ever taught
but we should have got the leather one
there was a letter or a car the exact
same car available but I don't know how
it is in the rest of the world but in
Arlen like most people don't like I know
everyone's gonna out you
but most people don't like I'm I had a
letter car my order BMW I had when I was
about 20 I had a three one eight and I
hated the letter because in the summer
it gets too hot and then you're sliding
all over the place and the winters are
cold and it's just I don't know I just
don't like leather interior cars I've
never liked them
I'm much more fair like a really good
quality cloth like this I'm pretty sure
it's different everywhere in the world
we're gonna tell me that you know in
some countries they only have leather or
they don't have that I don't know but my
personal preference because it's Prius
there's no Priya price difference in
getting a car later okay it's a few
hundred quid but that's nothing like you
know just I don't really like leather
interior cars because I'm small and I
slip all over the place I don't know let
me comment those yeah view really where
you disagree with me nah let's do that
as I was finishing up I was vacuuming it
there at the end and then you not gonna
believe what happened can it look what
happened something to Jake God I'm just
gonna get I just gotta get a new one
I was like oh my god I was like when I
saw it and I was like oh oh I was like
sure
Donna I was like okay Jake love it this
is what I want you to talk about right
here this is actually kind of cool it's
like this is my view gonna go I don't
know I just saw this on Facebook and I
actually shared it on my own Facebook
because my uncle is in he's acting in a
play which is a Shakespeare play The
Tempest and he is playing the part of
Prospero I'm not even gonna pretend like
I know anything like like don't but if I
could go to this I would it's just that
it's in Dublin and it's free it's in the
Ivy Gardens and it starts this Friday so
it starts on the third yeah so in two
days on the 3rd of August and it runs
until the 12th they think there's all
the information is on their Facebook
page of it it'll be on my Facebook page
because I I shared it but basically yeah
it looks like it's gonna be a lot of fun
and it's it's outside it's like a picnic
kind of setting so fingers crossed the
wet the weather is nice for them but it
says like bring a blanket or tarp to sit
on but yeah it's it looks like it's
gonna be really cool and I really wish
that I could go but unfortunately I
can't travel this month at all so I
can't my mom is going and everything but
I would love it if you guys if you are
in Dublin or if you live in Dublin could
go and check it out if you're interested
in that kind of thing I think I'll be
your just a really interesting thing to
go to because it seems like it's it's
gonna be a lot of fun that's my uncle
right there he doesn't even look like
that really dress like that but um yeah
that's just him doing so in the Metro
Herald I think yeah so um check it out
if you like
that kind of thing if you think if you
think you'd be interested let all your
friends know and I would really really
appreciate it so thank you okay there hi
there Xena I like your bow it's very
pretty
do you want something are you looking
for something
I join you at this this is my the end of
my snack it's my yogurt I had some
strawberries in yogurt I think so you
know wants to like the wolf dude doing
this num nums join system knows yeah you
gonna sit sit sit good girl
here you go eat off it it's live live
and a chive so we can cry out a little
walkie situation well it don't confuse
her she is busy that yogurt yeah
disconnect fun time Alberto Alberto he's
gonna go to walkies walkies
I'm the walkies you wanna go walkies
come on let's go monkey use these
confuse cuz he just woke up just a dream
Oh God just in the car well have a
husband order better for fun
you just bring audience zero the puppies
if the owner doesn't wanna go it's more
fun with
in the car I'm gonna put the baby so you
didn't know now well we have to get used
to a gentleman I'm not gonna give break
now oh my god
you might it've tonight's the night
can't be let's just say here full term
so we are here yeah and that one there's
this full term that is that is pretty
good and it's pretty close and the
antenatal classes a week prior oh no oh
well try and hold the baby in until it
leaps let's do the county natal thing no
police work we get our certificate we're
qualified qualified Nagle's she's a
pineapple pineapple under the sea like
crazy like a little crazy crazy
obviously oh yeah it's always like
perfectly parted like just like another
printer living so funny
she can get her own on them now huh
all nice and clean you Mike there you
get your fresh little buggy mat down
some skating to the front he's ready for
walkies somewhere we have a system this
system works really well yeah just as
long as you keep a little distance let's
go let's go let's go to our front see
behind us go let's go yeah
what oh he's gonna rent there get into
it friends oh stop it's a lot actually
it's easier each time we do it this is
definitely easier than last time
yeah maybe this these these are excited
I see I think it's the excitement of
Cena come on let's go let's go let's go
let's go
I know you got this low and under FISA
come on come on let's go yeah she be she
be grind looks just wants to sit down
but let's go clubbing carrying move a
lot and I put her back down earn today
is it and like let's go let's go come on
I think she's just she's in protest why
don't you walk okay
no no no she kind of walks a little bit
and then Bianchi that's the noise I'll
just pick her up again it's like I can't
drag her like this okay you want me lift
it up again
now she's happy now she's happy here I
know I'll be used to be like that doll
River we stop talking I'll be on carries
he's so cute
do you guys think of this huh look I
think I think the anchors there huh
no I think she's slowing down now though
and she's tired
is she living
thank you are you okay are you okay
that's maybe she turn back though okay
okay okay so no cuz we have to go back
again maybe he's like newbies this is
great those tours yeah I'm gonna check
it out once you get there and here oh
come on Bianca okay so now I'm carrying
two dogs
oh I have to check your paw this is so
much fun now so we figured it out
new breeze is not on the lead and
everyone else is I think that's the
trick
but attacher to Cena okay maybe she I
just don't think maybe she just doesn't
like being attached to someone else okay
let's go
I was gonna pee first okay ah no
tangling x' all right let's see if this
works I spy a range of the room window
I spy rain powers fighting in the sky
we're doing so much in Arlen we have got
look at the time doesn't have just got
home right check that dirty dirty sky
out and is it dirty sky as a dirty sky
it's a filthy dirty sky hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
