genius just reheated though this salmon
was gonna go off right so we cooked it
because apparently denim doesn't go off
what am i reheat can you do me a favor
you got the mirror then how you guys got
her up then - it sounds like nice guys
oh that is gonna have to use my mouth
thanks thanks a bunch munch hey guys hi
yo-yos are gone
sorry about the wider one see more sorry
about the wetter once more you guys have
no idea what you're missing in life huh
you need to get yourself some puppies
get puppies in your life and when the
puppies go up do we did maybe a drop or
something what's going on under my check
will you stop with your that the clause
because you're just gonna give me snags
in my dress and I don't like it okay I
don't like it okay I have to face this
way otherwise I'm gonna be back there
but it's another fabulous day hahaha
just kidding
it's gross but I want to tell you that
is that my dream last night
I had the most the craziest dream but it
was one of the best dreams that I've had
like best baby dreams that I've had
because as we get nearer to you know
obviously it's something that's on my
mind as we get nearer to our due date I
keep having these dreams bad babies and
every single dream in every single dream
Emilia is given to me or
to me but I can't the labor or is it
delivery because obviously I've never
been through a labor or a delivery so I
don't know what that's like so that's
why my brain won't allow me to like even
dream of it or imagine that if they have
no idea what it's like so every time I
get handed this baby sometimes once was
an elephant and a stuffed elephant
another time it was recently it was a
super ugly baby that didn't look
anything like the ultrasound pictures
didn't look like either of us just look
like a different person completely like
it was like I had had an affair with an
ogre or something like this was what I
was like and um I just I was so upset I
was like this isn't my baby and I didn't
remember like giving birth to her or
anything I was like this isn't my baby
and then at every single one I've always
worried about the vlog I'm always like
but we didn't get like my reaction or
Josephus's reaction on the fly we didn't
get like the the moment the moment was
lost and uh obviously it's just
something that's playing on my mind but
last night I had the best dream so far
so I have all these weird to use that
like different faces and different like
babies and babies that are too small and
babies that I don't bond with and like
all this kind of stuff and then last
night I had this dream about this really
cute baby so I was in my mom's house I
woke up I had had a baby somehow I I
went into her crib and my mom had like
set everything up she didn't like put
her in a little baby bro she was like
whatever so I went in to see what she
looked like
I remember being so nervous because I
don't you know what does she look like
they don't know my baby looks like I
went and she was so cute just like a
little doll she had like yeah when Joe
was like straightens his the flute it
was like that kind of hair like all like
sticking up straight but it was like
dark dark brown and I had this big blue
eyes and she was kind of like tan she
was not looking
she looked like a six month old or
something which was really tiny she just
looks like a nice doggy and I was like
oh my god she's so pretty I love her so
much
I think these dreams must be like
because I'm slightly nervous of like how
I'm gonna react like you know what
happened it's like mm what if I don't
like her or you know what if I don't
love her like I'm sure I will but you
know what I mean I'm not even like what
if we don't love her then what I don't
bond with her if I don't see her and
think yeah that's my baby I'm gonna give
it like two or three years if we don't
bond in two or three years I'm moving
out that's it moving on another way but
I remember my dream last night Oh sticky
like no this is a dream this is not her
like it's not real thing that's about me
in a dream that happened
Tess you like honest a dream yeah and
that weird like you're like why this is
so cool then all of a sudden a unicorn
fly this is like how's it going like I
hate like oh yeah she was like smiling
at me and like laughing and I was like
yeah Laurens don't do this and then I
was like oh this is a dream I was like
no I should like this baby this baby I
want this one I picked this one I don't
think she's gonna look like that because
she just looked like it was like a
little Barbie doll baby like whoo crazy
she was like so perfect to have a little
Mattel stick on the side of her yeah she
was so cute yeah
on our way to the Obi Obi
I have a baby today you don't live in
the don't like we didn't want no I don't
have one a week but if we were gonna see
him once a week from now till the end
yeah I know that means that we have four
five appointments left
mmm-hmm neither zero we're in top five
that's crazy isn't it
that's crazy guys I don't have any you
watch this okay but I love this show my
new favorite show is called I think it's
called the newsroom but I think it's
called a newsroom it's the HBO cuz like
obviously I don't vlog boring things in
my life but I'm like I love watching the
news every night on rt√© and my prime
time so I love current affairs and
what's going on in the world and
politics and stuff but I just I just for
you I don't like talking about my
political opinion on things because I
think that just spirals debates which
are unnecessary because we're here for
the foolishness jofi and but this show
the news I just think it's so good you
know the arguments and debates though
and they talk about self in it and they
put up timecodes and they talk about
real-world incidents that are unfolded
like you know a year or two ago like I
don't know it just so yeah everything's
perfect she's not engaged she's low down
but she's not actually in pelvis in the
pelvis but I asked him was it normal to
feel that much pressure yeah uh-huh okay
so what happened today look look
free parking bonus whoo you know what
the sucky part of that is though today
for some reason
what's the fastest we were ever in there
there was like the smallest amount of
people yeah I know was the day with his
free parking I was like no because
normally it's like parking is that like
three years an hour or something and
then normally in there for like two or
three hours but today yeah look it's a
quarter past three
so we're in there for 45 minutes and the
parking was broken so he got free
parking which wouldn't even be in an
hour when normally it's like three hours
I was like ah ah
they planned that they work together in
this one sorry going the drove ting you
no thanks thanks I can't remember I was
thinking now pelvis engaged yeah when
I'm under
oh my god on the bed yeah the table
thing I was like she's really like
pushing down like it was like really
like uncomfortable but yeah she's not
actually engaged but he did say she was
pretty lowdown the head is definitely in
the right position and everything
she also flipped I don't know what not
happened to her side you can see why I
got to see I don't have you these can
you see the same angle I can if I can
see her had her full hands and feet and
she was sitting there like that holding
them and I was like on oh my God look on
summer summer summertime trying to get
fast here alive such a beautiful boy
I give up give up until me done time I
give up every day I give up and endures
hope and the beggar gives me hope
putting a middle son in this guy cares a
couple of cloud and say like okay go
ahead side of my collecting like I just
gotta get inside to get my shoots you
know I think I just got my fifth drops
actually cuz a day hey go inside I put
my fifth pops on put on my shorts give
his son came gonna get some bird walk
back outside and it's thunder and
lightning storming rain I'm just like
what's the deal man it is it's the yen
the of the world I'll let me know it so
we learned and then yeah it's not sorry
am to power come back in a fam down bad
you can have arrays there's like a
million paying pretty fast
Oh Michael types of me my OB said
something about
now we add the idea came off
is the jail jail that they put on it was
like now this doesn't see in your
clothes or anything but in a blink wipe
off some makeup that you have look like
thank you yeah concealer on your stomach
what pick up my project
I'm starting to project guys oh yeah fun
I know that we couldn't have left it on
the car so I know my secret project
coming soon
starting tomorrow 30 days that's the
guy's car in front
you might want to get that looked into
sir anyway super project super but I'll
tell you when we get home but I gotta go
pick it up okay we got this stuff do not
open this side open this side are you
gonna help me I'll be put this together
yeah you're gonna be a team you guys
know what it is here's what it is leave
it gets us below well I'll tell you in a
few minutes let me just put it together
and then we'll talk about our project
you guys can participate with Whitney if
you wish or you do not have to put this
many of you eh yeah okay I'll be pretty
eager obviously eager-beaver want us get
this done and it's built okay so the
project is did you marry no because of
my tweet about it I'm not really sure
but anyway this is what I built
mm-hmm and these little buggers but AM
is well fellas not bad they're good for
juggling okay so here's my thing I mean
how do you keep him quite a bad because
I was like I wanted to do it and then to
talk about a little bit you know because
there's a lot of things I used to do and
then I talked about in the vlogs and
then I might follow chew on it or I
might stop doing it or something like
that you know and it was fine when you
know not many people watching this these
logs but now that there's quite a few
people watching of logs it's like
everything I do is like I analyze and
you know everyone's like blah blah blah
it's like yeah well like I am perfect
that I'm by no means say I'm perfect at
all but anyway so what when I was
younger I was always like super athletic
you know I'm all the time like I was in
like all the hikes to like I was up at
like 5:00 a.m. for competitive swimming
like five days a week I was doing
gymnastics about three days a week I was
on the long-term long haul running like
I would just do it all sorts of
activities and stuff and that Kari would
shoot with them once it hit him up
around 30 or so I don't know what
happened it was like I had in the next
session so long and I was just kind of I
don't know I think it was like that last
year in university I was writing my
thesis and if any you guys have written
a thesis for a third year in university
you know how hard it is and then like
master's program and stuff like that and
that was like an entire year of
researching projects and you know
sitting in front of a computer and like
interviewing and research and
cross-referencing and writing and I
didn't even like a fifty thousand word
essay or something and I just basically
at crack for an entire year and sat on
my ass um I'm did that you know so then
I think at the end of that period we
move directly into London and then I was
working in some private and some studios
itself and and then I was kind of lazy
and then again I was working in 2g media
special effects so I spent a lot of my
time you know doing polygon modeling and
stuff I that's all animation and I was
talking to doing anything active and
then we came back Ireland and then I was
at that studio there in Cork and a lot
of studio work and not so much active
work I think which eat your 30s or
something like that I don't know I just
think you just sort of get a little
punchy and it doesn't go away I'm not
the only person that's kind of
experienced it's a lot of people out
there who I know a lot of my friends and
stuff I'm like from you know younger
friends like texted him guys when I say
he like I have no friends in my life
right now it's because I moved when I
was 26 years old I left my life behind
to move to a different County in to go
to university I have friends and stuff
back in Dublin I have my school friends
I've got my friends in college of my
people I've worked with himself I got
him Dublin just not in court so when I
moved here yeah I made some friends from
the University here but then I went to
university in four months and then I
went to London and I made friends there
and then that's what I mean no but I'm
like no one's in my life right now
so everyone I know is kind of going
through this when I hit in my age you
know and it's like so I changed my diet
at about six to eight months ago I
started to not eat like fried food as
much and you know I don't flog all the
like
how to yourself I just died I don't
bother I just make fun of myself all the
time because it's kind of funny you know
I am and then I've slimmed down loads
you know in the last few months I'm like
the diet thing and I feel like every
morning I'm having fruit you know I'm
having like you know caprese salad so
I'm always eating salads and vegetables
and fruit and I'm not even only bitter
meat that I'm done it's like chicken and
stuff and I just I've really reduced my
intake of like bad food and I've
increased it of good food and stuff and
I feel that like I've definitely got my
diet sorted out and now it's like the
last phase is to get my you know cardio
kind of back up like and I think it's
really important as well coming up to a
meeting is gonna be here and I feel that
like the fitter I am better I can be as
a father for her like I won't need as
much sleep I'll be more active I'll be
able to keep up with her I'll be sharper
you know we gotta work every day and
didn't care of me and stuff like that so
I'm like I'm going to set myself a crazy
challenge copius so I decided I would
pick up one of these things um and I'm
going to try and do for the next 30 days
because it is August 1st for you guys
it's tourney 1st to July
hey we're back in July back in July it
was cool
since more as long as first I'm gonna do
a little warm-up today won't cool down
on it just to sort of you know get my
muscles my body you know
hey Joe fee this is happening I'm going
to do an hour a day for the next 30 days
okay now I'm not saying any particular
distance or speed or BPM or heart rate
or anything like that
I'm just gonna commit to doing one hour
on the elliptical
crosswalker trainer whatever you call it
for 30 days which will be 30 hours I'll
have done at the end of it and I think
they should definitely jumpstart my
metabolism and jumpstart my fitness
level or my heart rate and my just
general health and fitness all-around
and you know obviously if I'm going to
die period and I feel like doing more
than an hour I would definitely do more
than hour if wanna do like Dennis said
because I don't really know how far how
long I can push an hour for but just to
do an hour's exercise every day for 30
days and then again at that that's just
hopefully keep it up maybe not as
intensity is every single day but that's
why I am that's my project you if you
want to if you want to come along join
in um go buy one or if you have one I
don't know I'll just go for a while I
would have maybe doing the walking
running thing but the rain that's too
unpredictable and then that start making
excuses cuz it's raining I'm like oh
I'll just I'll do two hours tomorrow
fail fail
so my figure my figure of eight is a it
ties it with the Olympics if I just if I
just say Olympics enough can I use this
as one of my videos from my invade
London thing I gotta try to deliver no
no but um yeah so I I got I got some 15
kg weights as well just just to sort of
tighten up the arms you know the ladies
like when you got on your buff you know
I wanna be like yeah what's the guys
from Batman Bane Bane was it he was huge
I don't wanna be Bane I just want to be
vain anyway come along with me if you
want to do it I'm thirty thirty days one
hour a day yeah which me look this is
kind of funny cuz an advance tears and I
just loves people here I just can't look
if the vlog went alive and that I was
just sitting here and be like he's like
he has to sit up here with me it's like
everyone else downstairs with all the
puppies and stuff you know and I can't
assess I was like running behind TN with
them when other girls hmm do you found
their baby with that hmm you're gonna
read the comments I only see what the
people said it's even resident by you
honey boo boo who got first today
that's Jeff that's always Jackie um okay
so for set forth on oh wait maybe it's
this one there's Jenna Stiles
every day every day Jenna she's always
in like the top five
I can always I can always rely on Jenna
Stiles
god I always look for lose time can we
see me to have our date oh my god what
to do or we age you like my little love
heart thing guys it's not really cool
why doesn't this him I there you go
Facebook how cute got a little hearts on
none of the titles do you intro yeah
waiting for Emilio's because otherwise I
have to make intros like all the time
all the time oh darling is being first 5
minutes 7 alarm
yeah no ma it's not could you
participate in their body that's why I
always make lemon her she's like I don't
you know but it only works to give that
yeah I'm quick well I think it's plenty
good people think that we don't like
each other at all it's funny
horny haha oh my goodness look what
happened - Nene's channel hundred
thousand subscribers oh my god
jeez you know mommy's Amelia mutual yeah
hey everyone today congratulations and
then can I have one birth on this red
rose to please
I'm so proud of you Nene's seriously I'm
so proud of you
that's so amazing oh you guys proud of
her
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
