just like torrential rain and he was
like he just went danced is like a water
dog
what does any one of them good I think
it's fuzzy buddy oh my God we're gonna
be mom yeah we need to finish I just
wanted to show you guys that okay guys
panning is over Oh
Rainie Rainie Rainie Rainie Roper rare
was rain bro oh god oh god oh god
there we go
everywhere wrong riffle I had to dry for
a minute
because it's got a safety thing where
you have to collect it in Newton that's
being neutral unclutched
and when you start it and you're like oh
god oh god what's happened there it's
all gone wrong
so we are going to get Emma birthday
present dose Oh funny about a month late
huh huh what anyway
yeah that's not talking about we are
late for everything it's what we do
I mean it's gonna be like ages later I
bet unless she's gonna change all
presidents and maybe she'll be like
early and then we were like oh god no
it's reality for everything so we
decided we were going to get her a nice
DSLR camera because she's going away on
Erasmus even Erasmus is when you just
when you study abroad for a year so
she's heading over to Germany for an
entire year and she has an old DSLR
camera which is um oh my god no way no
way look at that that is what you want
on a rainy day best spot on a rainy day
that's like double bonus for learning at
the camera casino faster than this
I reckon
crow shampoo yeah we need inside car
shampoo that's outside car shampoo we
need inside car shampoo large car wheel
brush because it's out of control
vomit and stick and poops and pees and
the bike feels like fire and before I
need I'm gonna put the isofix in before
we need to do that oh yeah like carpet
cleaner deep cleansing foam action with
dirt odors and stains high strain yes
mr. businessman better there oh look at
this one one pin yeah foaming a post you
can what's happenin here
he woke me in a car shop stain ballet
remove stains from cars
they're close to carpet cleaner oh look
at these limbs now see there sprays no
but this head with this one homes are
like a little device ready oh yeah you
can I get that for your Briggs
yeah but that's just like a car spray
that's not gonna do anything but didn't
this one turtle wax interior upholstery
carpet cleaner hi straigt phone contains
odors and new trousers it's because Sita
has a thing on it yeah you see like that
one does not that's just like a spray
and then I see the scrubbing this one
actually assume you just press and scrub
we go this one needs to get a big
spoiler $1 you know to turn the exhaust
from Oh get the car chipped we could
drill in a hole you need to drill a hole
into the exhaust that's what I see as a
kid you drill a hole of 30 you feel like
if you driving some like piece of crap
fall in a parked car but you're having
long oh yeah oh yeah
this is like a super high-performance
car insect remover for a car no no no
you wanna get yourself a book shifter
alright let's go with this
the fun and stuff yeah that's what you
want here is it so we need to get the
mats steering we're gonna have like six
Maltese in the back so they actually nod
themselves
that's Trixie lamb on board we need to
get a baby on board thing yeah but a fun
cute way yeah wasn't like that
beforehand you much Nikon nice 300 so
many
these are things you should violin now
let's read it out Wow okay now that the
alarm is going to wind up hope oh my go
we should totally get it me latest look
my first move around no kidding Lindsey
got a fix he quickly oh good you don't
you didn't get that much yeah a real
life it's so cool
she's totally got and we got her own
channel hugger for partnership then we
can we can we can retire and she can
take over you know she can support us so
much smaller than the 15 it is looks
like a wood paper thin but that won't
work for Nina's because of your bike so
we need to get a 15 inch one that's
that's 13 a certain again this is 15
year
The Crow and we just get to then one
each oh gosh I need was gonna go to
motor care I'm gonna drop back my pics
never better be nice to me now I'm
trying to win her affection love is that
a sterilizer what about this steroid
okay let's get this honey sure it's the
best I did it
it's this thing here Oh 250 okay yeah
62-39 sadly and it's a bpa-free
thankfully
this is just so I can Ron bees yeah okay
grabbers well you have to press should
you get to it's funny because you're
buying them because you think it's a
good product I'm buying it because I
think it has a bad time booking CD the
cold spot yeah it's so cool like I think
it's like an audiobook and tells like a
bad time sorry yeah I'm gonna give that
a spin there's no point buying parties
right because that's like years away for
years explora no oh we got look we got
scented poo bags they look exactly like
the dog way they say the same dinging
well suppose you didn't get the pink bat
no no yeah the math is watching the
prayer
do you want to changing things
no not until you play walking okay if
you feel like it was only like a few
days ago that we're standing in here
yeah don't think the curbstone like come
on now we have a crib now we're like
weeks not even week just like three four
weeks away not in the baby and like we
have everything and gotta go so quick
but at the time you think it's not going
quick but then when you look back you're
like whoa
oh it's quick holy crap this is so cool
I love this yeah open another six months
zero to six
I feel think it's good though put her
down
look it's so cute
yeah I think one of these and then when
she's bored of that we progressed it is
and one of those 20 here suitable for 20
year old babies don't think so okay
she's looking after me vibrating rocking
chair act like one damn loads of new
stuff oh my god we got so much stuff ran
in there to look at a breast pump we
know I'm really happy with this thing
I'm so cool Oh cute like look at that
one little dog cuz they just see what
everything we're getting is that same
team you know I don't like it but I
can't do everything to pay panting and
sitting where every huge yeah I just
knew that I needed something to put her
in yeah there is like not an emergency
but like something happened I have to
like get holder all the time no you
can't put her down on the floor where
your dogs and stir yeah yeah it's just
not gonna work
I think the gods I love this thing yes
they'll be really jealous I think it
rocks I think it's like it moves back
and forth to take the CD that I got
right I'm gonna listen so next year as
we get home then what was a play called
sofas music card that says Emma hey this
card here says Emma look cupcakes she is
a chef chef teah Perry Oh sir I'm an
Oreo cat who do was very cash now get
her something fun like you do these deco
what oh wait they're not they're
different names if they were name cards
oh yeah okay 21 21 for the 120 121 get
12 put it away around look it's a cat
one but get it is on but oh my god it's
a pop okay not oh my god did this one
we're getting this up it's not it's pre
insider makes no it has no is he just an
age it's alter the number of days we'll
take it your clothes inside of writing
yeah and this wild all right all right
this one has a badge actually wait wait
where's to it where's the section for
responsible 21 year olds however that
one with someone studying or something
like champagne this one I'm telling you
blah blah blah this is the one okay
don't pick your first one never never
pick the first on folks forget the card
and little boom it's pink and everything
and my favorite color
all right I don't know this is from you
know what love it okay we need to get
inside the house wrap the presents and
meet her in the kitchen wherever knowing
of our plans is it where's the camera
I think check is it's through here take
out the pricetags
I'm not sure what that thing is there is
pull that edge
if I complete the guarantee not Oliva I
like that she ever needs it it's a lot
of moolah it's a lot of moolah okay
thanks thanks a bunch
alright let's go oh yeah thank you for
fun time flexi time we said to go to
wrap paper versus the bag because it's
more fun to some watch someone enough
something the anticipation excitement so
I can bring it in what an air motor care
bike yeah okay what if we give her a
breast pump by mistake no I wouldn't
even otherwise breast pump on the bike
okay yeah we got this far
where do we get the scissors and stuff
first what I know talking about the way
don't talk to me look at the card it's a
fancy one I can check this in fanciness
we got pink because you don't mind a
loves pink we tried to get everything
nice and pink and girly like my other
girlfriend where's the birthday girl
it's you happy birthday it's not like
the card I picked that especially which
I think we tried to find an Oreo one
this cat's a googly eyes huh what do you
think it is we nearly bought your best
breast pump by mistake
probably don't shake it yeah yeah it's
kind of Fred Julie don't drop it like oh
yeah it's fake I know it's tears Aurora
cool babe it's an icon figure Nikon
sprayer you better cuz kind of a good
putting icons party
yeah 60 megabytes way better than the
DSLR you have at the moment liking and
that does that 1080p video and
everything would you ever give birth on
Facebook should work on Facebook how is
that even possible exactly
donk ulis YouTube's where it's at we
should be in a magazine what is this
magazine called Rice Krispies prema
prema baby don't be ready to call me
which won't have respect good that some
English I get I get from you coolness
from me obviously what is your favor one
get that for me yeah I'm very healthy
and fit now let me eat some more
chocolate oh no one wants that one
what's this one here I'm gonna eat it
anyway I've no idea where it is sorry
guys you have to wait outside just go to
your puppies someone will go eventually
can't see go peepees guys Tommee Tippee
we should try this out on me first to
see if it works this is so nice looking
so cool love it loves it
oh you are a fun extensional it is
always being extension me no more we I
want to check out that nursery rhyme and
stuff like that you get a nice nice
little hole and boring chopping sorry
sorry look
what are the pages things that comes it
no they're still there it just went
quiet
that's just oh it comes with little
suitors Nina
the closer to nature thing the breast
pump Oh something little things right
it's got little measuring things
oh that's so cute is that what is that
what I would give her then yeah Oh give
me immediate I way come on
okay girl strike that Frank gosh good
stop it all back in here why is it more
that looks like a marking no doesn't
it's a girl thing yeah talking up move
all this stuff over here yeah yeah okay
I want to set this thing up
yeah yeah two seconds okay
okeydoke ease lullaby baby
let's see we let's read the story now
the stars are twinkling it's time to go
to bed
there'll be a bedtime story and a fluffy
bunny to hug okay
the story is interesting say good night
to the woolly sheep and settle down to
rest what is that it owl that it's
climbed a good night sleep tight that's
it but what happened did it get that guy
in the bunny rabbit bedtime stories kind
of I did that might have been just a
ploy lullaby should be loads of them Oh
song sheet hey diddle diddle diddle
dumpling nice all right let's get the
stuff out of the way we are going in
this one we're kind of afraid of so
we'll leave this one over here this oh
yeah maybe see these guys where do you
see what I got for you Ally you're gonna
love it Oh excitement you know being
seen his face the excitement in their
faces
I realize it no no no no no no but this
one it's a little noise this one has a
squeaky thing inside it what are you
sure those okay no no guys they're so
excited we're gonna leave this over here
for a minute okay no no no no no no no
no no let's get this Oh what's this
what's o6 autistics cozy this looks cozy
and this is please look after me hahaha
that's cute I was a construction
involved look at this
no no no no no no no no no okay
there's a lot of construction above I
was I wasn't aware of the amount of
construction Hey
that's from the the bat let me show you
guys let me show you the back that we
got I can't remember I know it was
insured obviously in a shop where you
bought it but this is the this is
Amelia's bad
my second uh Keenan I think it's so cute
isn't it see the madness is watching
this yeah alright alright so um that's
actually quite large all right let's put
this together I got it made and we put
the baby in it a lot now I put him in it
is like him do you like it oh V you like
it do you like it it's kind of a music
here I think we need to get batteries
for it though yeah we get batteries for
it do you love it I'll be their new
favorite chair - mm-hmm we'll get you
one as well see nice isn't it so cute
don't anybody thing in it yay next thing
we need to do is get yeah you know
they're monitoring I want to say
walkie-talkies anyone the baby monitor
things online I wants to get ones with a
camera on it
so what you're saying
cool like clip it to your belt and it
has a video camera on it and you can
always watch it that's cool I was saying
we should we should be able to sort of
stream that live on YouTube all the time
25 a you guys can keep an eye on her you
can just tweet us when she's that when
she's crying or something but yeah I
don't know if you but if you have a
camera one or do you use to normal my
brother was saying though that he's
saying he went and got to eight ones so
that M when like his son was like crying
of someone I know he's in status all
right so I was able to press the button
and talk back to him like it's okay it's
okay
hey-oh Dawg you know so Adam comments if
you have one of those to atheism or can
you get the one way one I'm not really
sure I don't know much about it but I
think that's our next purchase could
have you staying in there is it I think
dinner has arrived
yeah so young the Thai food arrives
young um small problem though isn't
there yeah that's a that's my my green
Thai curry and that's your vegetable
curry there's rights
knees here's throw he's here oh boy
pregnancy brain 101 thank you
did they allow you to do that did you
wait like they have it
and you like kids that you selected
drop-down yeah like for the race
primaries whatever but this one you have
to order it for some sort of like PS
you're only ordering food yeah yeah it
is kind of crap like it's not gon tie so
you should let them know but I know
that's funny anyway okay what checking
it jackin is enough water in there I
wanted to make sure that's what I was
doing that was my plan
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joely
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
