no enemies yet more nappies for Amelia
she peed herself no Amelia had low yeah
the maternity clothes make you look like
I don't know maybe they're just designed
to emphasize the bump it is all the time
so crazy because it's crazy how like in
part from the bomb me if I just do this
you know you actually look exactly the
way you are pre pregnancy you don't know
pregnant at all he legs your arms rad
seriously no messin like you know
obviously people are gonna say oh you're
wrong the truth is I'm not an idiot
blonde that's not the truth but like you
definitely can
look there's actually no it's amazing
though like it's crazy
maybe you sit on its own I don't like I
like wound up writing I was gonna leave
you the same thing I was kind of like
thinking that everything would be
different I don't know but now I just
feel like I feel normal you know I don't
even feel oh yeah I do feel pregnant
sometimes we are you forget not like I
feel I read me I feel like myself and I
really thought that like a different
person
ya know some women are some people like
when they're pregnant it's like a
different person but I see I still feel
like I look the same as well like my
face and everything yeah yeah like from
here off like when I'm watching my own
videos I'm like I don't even know that
if it's like hero apartment the belly
I have probably game
than you during his pregnancy yeah Peter
so is it is a 37 weeks no it's 36 5
weeks tomorrow
according to the OB according to the GP
it's 37 tomorrow what if he's right
what who is right I'm not ready I'm not
prepared
what is that packed yeah oh my goodness
and then her bag is packed as well ok
guys you heard her get to work
everybody's peeing it's actually gotten
nice again which is funny because I'm
happy to go portrayed that's nice people
it weather that we're having lately so
I'm gonna make lunch for both of us I
think we're gonna have this because we
are going to we're gonna try it and go
to the beach with the dogs no and it's
not it's by no means beats weather but
it's not like beggars can't be choosers
you know like it's not like we we can
really complain because we haven't we've
been getting such crappy weather here in
Ireland it's summer so this is
technically a good a nice day so I think
this is probably the best thing
yes so that's how it's gonna be
so our get the most of it and we're
gonna go to the beach and you're gonna
try it officers calling maxi zoo in
Middleton where we used to live if you
guys remember because the other pet
stops and myth and and
for the best jobs and Maxie Zeus don't
seem to have split pleats splitter leads
which we wanted originally for the pups
if you can't get them then we will just
get normal leads and we'll just try and
make do with six individual leads but it
would be handy if we could get you know
like just two and then split them off
but when it's and then tonight we're
going to where mum says because her
friend the guy in who gave us the
wedding present the other day a friend
from from college is in town and we're
gonna see him so I wanna thank him as
well for did you guys see that she gave
us they're so nice got this whole set I
think Joe has showed it it's got like
oil vinegar like a little ball salt
pepper it's in the basket and then also
these which are so stunning there you
know candles and kind in glass candle
holders but they have red in the glass
and that is the color of our kitchen so
it matches perfectly with my table
runner so I don't know if you knew that
but um that's pretty cool I'm gonna fix
up these sandwiches now and then I go on
the beach
surveying my land that my shoe that my
shoe over there it is isn't it
it's my shoe isn't it no put it down
there just gonna drink it on me
so I'll just leave it you know what
they're like I had noticed though I'm my
shoe over there oh that's a shame you
see it let's bring that in before it
rains
very changeable I really want to go to
the beach I think you guys really enjoy
the beach and under way to the beach is
Middleton and Milton has a ginormous
maxi zoo and I ran in there they don't
have the splitters
so I guess everyone's getting their own
lead I'll get three pinks and a blue one
YUM thanks my crazy knees oh I feel like
I'm back in Sorrento Sun in my face
nice the crazy salad look at the beach
wow I look the tides coming in just use
your imagination
it's so nice should we try this again
hmm should you try this again beep
walkies beach walkies huh we try this
again hey Alberto no be gone
oh no the waters empty no isn't here
want to get your water is from a film
called the money kit with Tom Hanks it
is absolutely brilliant
I recommend that also give you guys a
movie recommendation every day movie
minute look and everybody in the back
you can't get a photo cuz I can't reach
back that far
to get a full view are you doing you
know like this oh and this girl like
what was in the back of the bus and the
front of us like yeah yeah like the
front when you say losers would say more
explicit lyrics while we're using for a
PG lyrics here Athena is like canto
alby's freaking out because he's not
allowed in the front because as you can
see Amelia yeah all his face and Nevaeh
was on alby's back now yank I made a
vital error aha upon leaving uh-huh she
decided I'm just gonna have a quick
peppy meal yeah
before we go I gonna get every two
months before we go oh yeah god take
twice yesterday and then their veils the
other one who is like chowing down on
like she's the other one who got saying
they're the two that get sick
you see and then peel and new flower
just like got interested in the food
they was probably depressed cuz who does
he want
I guess yeah anyone think 102 pings
basic one basic to to rise into blue the
ovens not part of plexiglass see one he
sent its own there's only one of them I
was trying to get over to you the same
we need to get a lot of them I know it's
cuz I don't like the string yeah yeah no
I don't like the strings cuz when they
wrap around your leg yeah so perfect all
right these muscles no yeah we bought
the leads no someone got sick you can't
stay there
you guys stay there yes dad was one of
the munchies you stay there guys it
destroyed my car oh yeah you guys have
destroyed my car
you realize that oh goodness
you think that affects the resale value
baby news has to go to the peepees oh
you haven't been here in ages this is
the Tesco Middleton you don't at all cuz
it's underway oh my goodness I can't
believe 120 euros that cost us I was
like oh my god can you guys not like
walk without leads or something
well at least Amelia it won't be that
expensive
and there's not a lot of people here
it's really empty that in there as it
always is so let's get you guys some
drinks and let's get you harnessed okay
are we all ready oh my goodness I got
the cheetah come on come on guys
good dogs you on everyone
oh I've seen this pooping come on guys
yeah isn't this fun your new fancy meals
huh
yank is it boy we're sorry that the
Yankees got sick on the back of her oh
just ignore that we're gonna chart them
on the sea now so go fix everything
oh I just let my hair still there you
guys see your fly in my ear
okay it seemed that the fly has been
gone come on guys
Suzie trust me you're going to love the
beach you're gonna love the beach let's
go okay let's go let's go come on did
you have mine long as you stay in short
yeah don't look it's all tangled up but
I'm just kind of letting it all be
tangle of come on let's go let's go come
on everyone come on I know just track
them Oh Jeb Nettles
come on come on I think it was a big
drop here is there okay she's gonna this
will be interesting
okay come on no tingling no tangling no
tangle teasers you walk ahead of it then
I'll hang over I'll hang here a little
separation okay let's go what stop
looking that I know what that is
is there a pack um just keep going up a
little further studies oh he's pooping
see you I can get ahead well I have to
get underneath okay I got ahead come on
guys oh no 11 not it not a situation so
we have I think it's I think it's
obscene as well is it alright okay I'll
be black so obvious Mac that's easy
cause it's the only one this is this is
crazy
and we're back we're back in the game
come on come on guys let's go let's go
come on let's go
first time on the beach do you guys
think it yes
huh it's just fun just fun Z's careful
it'll keep anyone up careful no mix ups
guys one guy into water being then
through water you know show them the way
where yeah probably
lagging behind come on what your blue
your blue is mixing with me pink no
mixing up oh look there's a dry patch
here
of course Alvey doesn't mind here oh I
feel he's drinking it come on Oh careful
careful this is working out really well
now we have a system the system is
working are you enjoying the beach guys
oh yeah but if it's dress we'll have to
start get the hang of it now but I've
got the hang of it how it works anymore
now and I think I think we have a
problem
I think we've reached our limit our dog
limit now let's try it with humans we
need one baby per dog you got a lot of
work to do
it so cute just to watch them are like
kind of running around together I know
it sound that bedtime we had some sort
of a somewhere in summer barely one
summer it's super windy went out that's
when I always asked mister looking at IP
camera well right now if it wasn't for
the thing on top of the camera it would
be no way you could hear anything I'm
saying
well because it's there we have power of
speech give you some slack I'm enjoying
this guy's myself you stuck there what
oh sorry guys there we go I'm right in
the front I got my ones get Ally you see
me coming over see what's going over say
hello
I'll be get yourself all tangled up
there look look at the signs and he's
like digging holes she doing I never met
another dog see they're all probably
like oh my god what's happening here all
right look at this apart from the
obvious
two dogs going crazy the fire from that
he feeds oh look at you dick you've dug
a hole out lab Sherwin am my dad's dog
used to jump into water and I'll be a
bank out see like what are you doing you
can't just like jump in the water rap
Oh Joey you take a B yeah I know
did you put here on the blue one
ah Theodore Roosevelt it's so funny
because when other dog walk past their
so territorial and protective of their
puppies that if another dog even goes
near them I've never seen aliens seen it
so funny to to it and we're up like
going No
thou shall not pass though shall not
pass puppy who's that
who's this this is new visa no Yankee
feel T or Navi no look at them be your
Navi best buds yuuka-san just to kind of
you know give give more texture to the
dude oh look
Alvie and see oh you guys are so cute
why are you white where's the clap Oh
God look at that thing
oh goodness it's obliged to dark our son
has been obstructed
there's Oh cute you guys enjoy your
first day to beach where we all move
into that so clever new he's a clever
clogs yeah cute new bears maybe she's
doing a big garden yeah she she is
remember I saw her little paws yeah
you're caught I could see no I'll be
right there
I know protecting the area oh my god you
little miss you're supposed to be the
quick one I had good Chinese food and
look at her she's crazy
she gets indefinitely oh nice ah see now
look what new police is doing gonna play
hmm
okay what's class are you digging a hole
let's dig all this whoa whoa what's down
here yeah it's down here huh
that's it you dig a hole I'm gonna help
you wanna help
come on come on let's go let's go it
alone Obie you throw it on and I'll be
damned
dig no mm-hmm so cute
it's gotta be gold in here treasure oh
it's nice and cold that we like well
there's a cave in whoa
cave-in are you taking the whole how
they gave me help let me help let me
help
I'm here for you don't sleep
it's so cute are they puppies on the
beach who let the dogs out
whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo just go into town
now give me ollie
I know I'll have the diggers team
diggers so cute goodness I couldn't get
the camera on or off their Road the sign
in the shutter
when you see your dog you gotta make
sure you're holding on to LV look I'll
be hasty woman comes with a warning that
is so cute so what's our new plan we've
established a new plan we're going to go
that for - oh yeah okay
she barriers so we were after spending
an insane amount of money under dog
leads we now realized that we should get
splitters well he said they're coming in
on Tuesday actually one very hurt can I
have this please which is buried Xena's
enjoying the seaweed Xena if you eat
that your puppies will come at Harry
apparently and they did look hey there
must be something to that
oh no I thought I fixed it
manually hello hello are we there hey
hey
kinda there's a little bit still look at
this look at Co Co look at these two
it's like this team this team come on
guys come on it's gonna happen it's
gonna happen
ah no it is this is a lot easier than
trying to walk with the four needs this
makes a lot more sense this is way
better
oh let me go swimming in the sea I'm
gonna go swimming in the sea I bet I
think team a will
what Team B well not one or time what
you're not getting nob he's in there
yeah but mine too
okay all right pups back back back
could you see their first yeah here the
timeshare system we're such idiots this
is so much easier this is simple now I
could definitely do this with Amelia I
still have definitely look like a block
I have an extra free hand difficult but
earlier on when we were trying to walk
all the money a single leaves like
million dogs at a time I can't because
I'm coming trinket out no peas now in
the car the anchors probably like do you
know you have a large steak and kidney
pie before they try anything
oh yeah yeah team pink team pink and
pink purple team purple daddy slow horse
they don't want to do is either I ran
almost Bianca Bianca leash war is that
bad or something okay okay puppies let's
go jinkies
thank you get it while it's hot or cold
everyone in okay someone's not getting
in someone's protesting
so cute such a proud parent so somebody
just tweeted us and said ah when the
Irish Sunday Mirror today so I'm have a
look
Katie's date night don't think that was
us Queen Danny Boy not there no no
Twilight guy is that super savers no and
when I see a little boy face of terror
Georgie's dead oh whoa
nice nice Brad got a whole page apart
from upsetting for rescue and last
minute summer deals nice party because
we compared the wetter so much they
thought it was a good idea to put this
here there's a couple who's youtubers
you want everything's right can't
another right now Boyd app you want to
read the whole thing
check out my facebook link is down below
printed or doobly-doo and you can read
the whole thing but I am I said online
addicts Jonathan Anna have bands across
the world
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be
