wow what a beautiful sunny day oh no
wait it's actually lashing rain actually
lashing rain and funny at the same time
toys inside wait inside
here's okay oh my god what the hell like
it's sunny and raining at the same time
I'm going to assume you are playing in
the mud you or not you are and you're
gonna steal my busy it's so ridiculous
isn't it
sorry - yes then I'm gonna put this in
the car because I'm worried that you're
gonna have a baby and get more concerned
this time going on does she what
happened yesterday with when a duck
Taurus he's like oh you're about two
weeks ahead you can see our doctor our
GP but he's been kind of saying that
since the start now you're more cheese
head in our OB saying that you're like
kind of dead on so into gp's right we're
at wat 36 almost 37 weeks 37 weeks on
Monday which means that that's kind of
like full-term so
yeah oh my can we had a baby next week
make sure we had a baby sweet P nice
thank you imagine that like when you
were having your would you call it a
lightning lightning crunch hey Congrats
you're in the show yours like oh wow and
I was like Iran is like on are you
attracted are we having a baby who
aren't it was lightning crotchet I
didn't like being quite to myself
sometimes
what to me so I need to have my Yeti
shower I didn't step on anything you
wash slippers my feet smell of roses
when did something strange in a
neighborhood this is amusing you know
let's go for the top again but this oh
my God look at that rain now it's gone
full-on drainage that's the start I just
thought it was gonna be a pitter-patter
Oh God this summer matter be amazing
next year to be an Olympic sport
cordoning the grass between the Olympia
rain charity what you know everything
here is fresh I'll miss them look at Joe
versus steady octane it was such a mess
for ages you know
stuff just filled up that happens on my
desk so I'm playing it as well in my
room
but um he cleaned it today which is
great and helping me clean today I
reckon the stairs anymore
for me to do I got
there's my desk
sir
so I'm gonna try a nice gin tonight haha
dude oh speaking of that and you gotta
see Batman
okay I totally forgot to bring this up
anyone watch Batman and notice towards
the end look it's a tiny little role
though but he stepped open he's like who
are you anyway look what I scored
yesterday oh yeah now know your favorite
is whatsoever but that it doesn't that
doesn't even matter they matter in this
situation situation so anyways let's say
is that I am going to do a google
hangout and well it's broadcasting it on
YouTube ha and then oh I did we did when
we do one for this I am Olympic project
thing and as I thought it's kinda cool
like you know it was like I don't have
her camera and her computer itself and
then I'll have my camera my computer and
then both of us will co-host the event
and when Anna talks the full screen pops
up and so and then when I'm talking to
full screen pops up so whoever Trevor
one of us is talking you know and I
thought it's in the comments and a
couple times is being termed up is am
guys do police you know their livestream
Q&A thing you know because you daily
vlogs it's kind of difficult you know to
find the time to do things because
whatever you do teams like that and that
might take like a couple of hours and
then that's a couple of hours of footage
I don't have so we tend not to usually
find time actually and if you suffer
that way I am I love doing my shows I
love being with you guys what's up love
you so I am we're gonna night tonight
9:00 p.m. GMT hope you didn't miss it
hope you guys went there I had a good
time I think by doing it this way not on
blogtv is that it should appear as a new
video on your soap boxes that you know
so I think this is the best way so
everyone
it's actually happening I'm not sure it
could be complete fail
I'm Joey D I've never done it before but
I'm excited to try it you guys and you
guys remember drawing each eve live
before Google+ was launched you guys
remember that it was like I just
couldn't get it working but now now I
think I can I think I have the power PI
Tony they're going to bond I didn't I
didn't get the PI so I didn't know all
this inside it and I just put the PI
opener I was like no it's like things I
don't like things I don't like very much
good thing as ninis will have it because
it's a vegetarian pie but I was like ah
I was hoping for chicken and mushroom I
would have taken beef wellington or
anything that was like meaty and saucy
and stuff but like a dry vegetarian
zucchini flower and vegetable stuff I'm
like and now I have a taste for a pie so
um I'm gonna go to the the local Sentra
get myself a pie Oh God look at this
dough okay
oh my back it rainy huh that's one of
you guys that's what are you all right
better change from Snoopy's coffees good
liquid you know these things right look
at this Ethan that one does bad because
it's been eaten by a puppy a puppy has
eaten my shoe potato these Diesel's
right I bought these this is like 150
euros
I bought these about like two years ago
no was a loner I think was around two
years ago might even be longer I think
was about two years ago though and it
was before the vlogs and and there's two
okay now that the dogs had chewed on
them there
it's good anymore but never buy him a
time one like my but the glass is so
long and they're really good quality so
em I think it's fine let's get a new
pair Diesel's maybe uh maybe Amelia will
get me a pair get your father a pair of
shoes you know what I was thinking you
know that countdown that I'm doing at
the start of the vlogs for Amelia
comment I know this is kind of
depressing for some of you but that's
kind of a countdown to when you go back
to school isn't it I'm really sorry
about that because it's like yeah it's
the summer and every day you watch you
block your reminders like 36 days until
I go back in school actually Erica is
indigenious this year so I think she
goes back into 28th of August Oh
oh my god what and look like how most of
the majority of the summer in court has
been sent in spent has been sent has
been spent in like raining raining
storming and it's like so unfair it's
like what the hell kind of summer is
this like you totally I hope you kept
your receipts for the summer
you totally bring them back but yeah I
just noticed that the other day and I
was like ah I kind of sucks for some of
you guys but uh sorry no that it'll be
okay it'll be cool school school is cool
unless you want to be a fool like Joe
pee
although I went to school for quite a
long time so that makes me quite foolish
speaking of foolishness um which is
nothing to of elitism um and you guys
are looking for your country to win the
Olympics any any you like it had a good
hopefuls at deira she keep an eye on
he's gonna take home I think thank
Arland we'll get a couple of medals
anyway but I definitely I think our gold
the chance to get a gold medal in the
Olympics this year he's gonna be Katie
Taylor she is a boxer a woman a female
box or and she's like the world I don't
think she's I think she's been
undefeated since like 2005 or something
like that but she's apparently like epic
she's like JEP ik if Jade would wear
boxers they became potater um yeah so
I'm looking forward to watching that I
hope she Adam hope she kick some butt ox
I think she's up against the Russians
first I'm not really sure to draw was
yesterday but um I think answer our best
chance of course there's obviously
runners and stuff so maybe maybe one of
the runners will run home run home to
Daddy
private joke it's bra it's bra have you
ever seen
Not Another Teen Movie it is brilliant
it is one of the best parody films I
have ever seen there's a couple of key
moments in it you know where I'm right
there if you've seen a draft at that
prom and everyone's seen this big like
dance routine to like you know it leads
up to their prom tonight did did it prom
tonight you know and there are this big
routine and then these people like walk
in and they just look around it like who
would have thought everybody in our year
was a professional dancer it's like when
it ends you know after the big musical
scene y'all like and then it's like and
then y'all like oh so you just kind of
walk away but yeah just like he's like
so Little Miss run home to Daddy
we ran home to Daddy hello you might
have seen the feeling where you haven't
you ain't me on this joker you're not if
you haven't seen the film you should
totally check it out it's foolish but
food is good like me I don't know if you
guys can hear the car alarms going off
whatever it is going off some kind of
alarm
there was like the craziest thunder no
lightning because I guess they probably
couldn't even see it in daytime I don't
really know we don't get a lot of storms
here but no Jonas is back but literally
just when Joseph is left I think is
crazy
Thunder did you hear the Thunder know
what there was tons of it everybody was
freaking out yeah yeah it was like crazy
it was like the minute you left when you
got into your car yeah did you not hear
that go sausage rolls
everyone seriously do not for me like I
got sick sausage rolls one for every
lines in capture judiciously no way I
missed that I can use it on yeah that's
funny ye you idiot and there was ton
like it was tons more and I was like
okay well he obviously missed cuz I was
looking at the window and you were
driving out of the driveway and I was
like does he not hear it like obviously
doesn't hear that and then I thought
okay well you probably hear it you're
obviously in the shop or something yeah
crazy look the sky is like black this
good sound no can't you not even see it
my god everybody well you can see it
yeah but yeah that guy like like an
earthquake might like it right it might
how's your lunch to you life Dan oh come
on come on open the gate for you Nevaeh
let him past
Nevaeh
we shall be alone stop bullying Aldi
which we've gotten the permanent gate
this is so annoying
but at the same time because we're
moving it just didn't make any sense and
I did not really want to drill I don't
you know I don't want to drill a whole
wall so um yeah I hate this thing so
much okay don't judge me okay I've been
so good lately I'm eating the salads in
my fruit in the morning on my healthy
stuff I'm now just I want to eat all
these okay okay six oxygens it's in
crisps for the side they are they only
had big packs I asked him for a small
pack where's the pie they can have the
pine something like that oh god no don't
she's a liar by what's at under resetti
Gundam enimies what'd you do that no if
you're by wonderful rock'n'roll me shoot
about seven I had a plan for six one
this one yeah here what not the batter
right getting reinforced whoa
they'll go again
that was pretty heavy it's kind of
ironic cuz we're about to record slender
whoa bed to record and I'm playing
slender oh my god
you know what slender is did you watch
yesterday style that video it's like a
bonus Saturday style i video wasn't it
epic I'm gonna I'm gonna do it as well
boy I just think it'll be so much fun to
do this and put it in the style
everybody it's fun we're doing a warm-up
we're doing a warm-up on minecraft this
is w so yeah and then turn cuz
essentially that's all you gonna need to
do is walk around ya and use the master
Turner and that's essentially it
we're gonna record it we could use the
headphones if you wanted to make it much
louder but
yeah go for a Penta what
oh and it's so loud
there isn't a roll it's rolling pin nerd
goes on for a bit
watch the doors closed
oh I know I closed the door yeah yeah
close the door
okay I'm just going to check to see if
you can use the arrow keys in the game
okay we're recording well no can you
hear yourself talking what no no okay
okay like can you talk into this yeah
yeah okay
so press Start mm-hmm
okay start and this is essentially it
good luck I'll come back later
no what I don't know you just need to be
double u w forward forward backwards
left right shift is to run go collect
all eight pages
collect all eight pages use the mass to
move rent used to mess oh hi there you
go good luck that's the look
mmm she's so adorable
she's a googly eyed it's like so the
white of it is so like much but very
quickly I it's okay okay
you know no oh you come here Bobby I
have something to tell you oh these were
get healthy I have to tell you something
I'll be you're right let me zoom in in
his face yeah okay I wish we could take
the puppy no Joe who said that we're not
allowed tape puppies
and if you haven't already noticed I'm
pregnant just done it let you know okay
okay why do you do that if you can hear
it
you guys hear the low noise this hearing
thank you I think baby's active yeah
what I just closed the door where's the
harness and stuff I did in the car yeah
plenty of new ones in there this is my
technique decisions have been made
she bought your case guys well you have
one yet because we still might not
actually be able to em we're gonna see
if you can buy some leads seem like the
local shop or something yeah hopefully
what's that
peat briquettes obviously or obviously
is tio yeah I was drinking some boy
these are gone if you can't see them
they're gone all right all right so
everyone's excited to go except Theo
come on guys let's go come on he's nice
yeah I just need to move this thing out
all right come on let's go let's go
nobody's or not do you think you're
special or something you're not get back
there I'll be you can come up you can
come up do that now you yeah see you
know you can come up if you want you
don't own me
yeah you're fine
oh my god they're so vocal okay you
don't find you guys home so shop number
one was no yeah let's try shopping or -
I know I know
good they do have socks
and this kind of stuff but not look like
and everything everything you could ever
want in your life
hello except for a dog lead so we can
train your mom's have to see if that old
lead is up in your old room or something
you know or they're not like you just
have to drop them home and take these to
F I know but I don't know if that's
going on ludes you want to drive to
Tesco what if the if that's gonna have
them we have to drop them home then I
know okay guys my hand point we go oh my
god I had a brainwave just as we were
coming up to task Oh
Argus it's just around the corner why
you know you said one of those places
yeah I would so I was the one that put
together Argus I won't went over the
baby I might run over the parents crap
Hargens just closed and then Howard's
right beside it so it's as well thought
maybe yeah they might have something so
being king over there maybe they have it
yeah close at six like one minute past
anything inning inning inning Oh Bianca
well where are they
put them for the dashboard was a joke a
joke okay I'm gonna get I'm gonna get
ran there okay or in the battle can you
reach it
can you get it
I know really like almost lemon
spreading but I feel like I can already
hear kids crying oh I kid with me at
media whenever crying we didn't order a
crying baby oh like that actually says
seven
yeah that it's just pet section this is
huge
I've left empty-handed once more but the
girl was very positive about an ESCO
having them so I'm somewhat good news
you might notice I do not have any bags
on me I am she was like oh no she's like
normally sometimes you might have them
sort of scattered around just like
randomly she's like no not at the moment
but she's like then her friend came over
you know and then they start chatting me
up and stuff you know and asked my phone
number and stuff and I was like well I'm
Mary yo they're like we don't mind oh
yeah and then after all that they'd
realize the Tesco they said like you
should try to ask oh no I got the I know
Tesco should definitely have them so
yeah let's go try Tesco test out a
winner winner chicken dinner
sorry about all this okay I'm looking a
little face over there Oh yanking
suffering look at the anchor yeah I
can't see oh yeah yeah are you peeing
what do not pee in the car all right
here we go
last chance
and where would they be in here
this is not good they are supposed to be
in this section must be in a different
section I've come back empty-handed
folks I don't see a long one I want you
to whole place start to the end like
every aisle open back for it nothing
nothing like a dog bowls about biscuits
like no dog leads no cat leads nothing
everyone has been alright guys thanks
thanks so much
he's just saying I appreciate your help
so dinner options to getting your mom's
ass and triumphs Eileen well I didn't
even know it's there if you bought that
in London you know quite a long time ago
it's exactly what we did with the find
it was in the dark we could try and
steal her lead we could drop two puppies
home and bring obviously nowt on your
own the dogs on the lead and everything
off it's very early though it's nice
thing when they're 10 o'clock because I
don't want to come across people you
know what I being seen you get excited
well it's not even not it's just like
yeah it's just I feel more comfortable
when I can control everyone so what's
the plan I think your puppies have had a
very exciting hour or so I know but but
you again at the sit in the car I think
and like I don't you may or may not find
it
do you want to do that alright okay
because we're really close to where we
could park and go through the green but
we'd have to leave a B and C off and
there is no green not anymore
unless it quit it but I don't think so
three moves three leads and we have six
dogs ibn Sina new drone lead and that
leaves one lead between for them what do
you guys want to do
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
