Oh SOS sending out an SOS
sang-hun s4s cos I got almost look in my
heart oh you guys thing are really
really badly and added shooting and any
key and all a tactic it won't get full
of macabre reason that's my pledge oh
wait you'll obviously I can sing like
way better and rob-stuart
are the police are is that it wasn't I
think it was the police fighting it was
last year
no that's you're just tomorrow letting
us please yeah yeah go ahead and say
with the ponies but I am probably wrong
oh yeah
hello tell my phone is ringing running
okay star in Mothercare and they
actually have a sale on so I'm getting
some stuff these hunts maternity pants
for 12 euros is top it's just like a
khaki top and then these are buy one get
one free on t-shirts maternity shirt I'm
going to get them and then I'm going to
get this which is a pajama set or
goodbye when I'm in the hospital
and I got some underwear and some sheep
and a little blanket and that's it so
far I don't really see anything else I
wanted to get a roam like a
dressing-down but they don't really have
any nice things here so we might looking
demonym oh my god oh my god I got trying
to have a second technique like this
prism walkways by Garry Moore is one of
those beautiful guitar songs in the
world ever I can't play a few sketches
do good watch it just listen to it I'll
try and get a little bit Frank you live
on
we're just looking at bathtubs for
Amelia because my OMA is actually taking
care she offered to she wanted to be the
one to get all bath stuff so let's say
we haven't gotten any towels anything
yet because she's gonna do like like
monogrammed ones and stuff so um these
are all baths she asked me to get one
and then she would pay for it so I
really like this one because this little
teddy bear being brushed by a little bit
so I don't think that went up there like
Harry ho8 asking me to get it for and
look at this it's so weird it's like a
basin you should put your baby in I just
think that you know music music to me is
like art so nostalgic I don't know it's
just like when I hear music it just
reminds me of like moments in my life
you know and that carry more album was
one of like the second album cycle Mary
Peck was the first out of my part when
my first summer job I used to get like I
got like 25 euro pounds a week and I say
with the entire summer I bought like a
hi-fi system I think I was like 13
I bought my black and I got a Gary Moore
that the Blues up doing as fingers are
still duck flus and then my sister was
in the US and or a summer later and she
bought me the live album and I was the
first time I had prism walkways and I
saw like oh my god and then I always
remember September 10th 2001 the day
before the world changed I was in the
Olivia Theatre in Dublin on a Wednesday
Gary Moore live and it was just an
incredible experience and on every time
I hear like Gary Moore or dawn bake or
BB King or John Lee Hooker or you know
any of the great you Lewis it's just
just brings me back to when I was
younger in my room like listening to rap
music
and just feeling alive with the music
like those you know I know music
nowadays is kind of a lot of the modern
music is different it started I don't
know it's just different I was just
raised on the kind of bluesy music and
the harmonic and the guitars and the
bass
I was just feel I'm just fall in love
with it just resonating my soul every
note and now when I'm here I just really
like oh so it's art to me it is art like
yeah you got it and you're not a music
person you're not like you're hiding in
there like this guy's crazy
why wait wait wait is this man like
this it's mine touch like this because
it resonates in my soul leave me
comments up when a music genre or song
so you have that resonates in your soul
like that I think there's different ones
though for for different genres in my
life you know for when I was doing
different things you know that's when my
different stuff would be going on
different music would be like important
to me at different times in my life so
we decided to come home because kind of
well it's not late but we need to go I'm
going to my GP later at a quarter to
three so and it's like well I think that
it's not fast um so it's almost half -
well not ready so excited to come back
to my stylist hairs for some lunch and
it looks really amazing actually I think
it's a lot of stuff from the market
yesterday which we missed um and I think
I'm gonna have some is is that sweet
potato yeah our squash shots annoying
squash squash and this looks nice to
finally let it go and Joe has got a pie
he's gonna be really happy with that
he's not here though but there's a pie
there's a pie in it for him oh goodness
guys remember this Jim Reed is the old
problem with the
they're holding our thing against our
against us over in the old apartment
well turns out we won we won we beat
them this is the cute ocation thing
according to the section under 21 rows
in 2004 the Romans in terms of
defamation order to be made less
appealing in generation and the outcome
of the case is in favor of us we did it
guys we won
oh my goodness I don't need these Naren
Turner oh my goodness I cannot believe I
actually taught when that thing came I
was like I'm this is probably telling us
now that like oh you know we've taken
everything into account like you know
because I don't hang on details cos but
I on a second economies and tell her I
can't believe that I actually keep it up
hope
to be honest hey so I was just at the P
o box right and a did PT SP thing was
there yeah we won ha ha yeah we won how
awesome is that
I opened it it was like full of this
legal crap and I was reading trick on
like a what's the point then it was like
yeah we vote in favor of the tenants and
Derek they have to pay us but in 22 days
Oh
oh yeah whoa
sticking for the man boat stand up for
yourself
I've been waiting for long so I just
bought from the doctors and everything's
fine
you didn't even get me to do a piece
ample because there was somebody in the
bathroom it was like we took lots of
your ear and over the last couple weeks
anyway so
that's why I like like my doctor because
he's pretty relaxed but I did ask him
about last night when I was the show
where I actually cried out it's not in
pain but I just went out because
and I don't really didn't know what it
was like it seemed like I was getting a
lot of pressure a lot of chicken or like
movement right on my bladder and it was
making me feel like I needed to pee all
the time but it was also really
uncomfortable like it was weird it's not
painful but it's just a weird feeling so
it was happening all last night and when
I was coming up the stairs
excuse me to go to bag actually doubled
over like she it it would it kind of
gives me a fright sometimes I know I
feel that and I apparently it's called
lightening crotch that's actually what's
not like the technical to everything
that's what it's called
um because that is what it's like it's
like little bolts of lightning crunch
it's really strange
I've you can't even really describe it
but anyway because it's not sore it's
just like weird so anyway I asked um my
doctor and he said that it all up meant
like so long as it's not like a kind of
a crescendo of pain and I was like like
a contraction or anything that it's why
it just means that her head is engaged
now so and he seems to think that I he
always thinks I'm I'm further along but
he only measures
outside he doesn't have like a fancy
equipment stop so I was interesting um
so apparently her head is like right in
there it's gotten it's engaged which I
mean that's a good thing because I mean
she's not breach nearly got this done
for the stand again let's get some lunch
while that's a conforming it's audio
audio spectrum analysis oh good PC
Amazon 48-bit
so we decided to haha
hello Vinay running decided to go
without the little little ones today
there's something different
he's probably out on the town having
look one of my damn first I'm gonna pass
the first okay that's the parcels forgot
pass the first it takes longer plop it
in there in your pop lads these things
should like you fairly quick because I
got small there you should take like 10
second that you should be done by now
huh all right sleep when to go oh yeah
look we got a big wedding present this
morning arrived from a friend of ours
what up Oh God Seabees it's nice isn't
it
it think it's like an olive oil and sort
of a play stuff that's really nice um
friend of M like Hanna's mom's and
school friends are in college university
and then I think idea onion we've seen
them since the wedding funnily enough
Anna yeah some today knows like what's
that brother
oh nice
oh that's pretty that's pretty nice you
guys see anything or is it just the Sun
the silhouette right first it'll fix
itself come on
doesn't appear to be fixing itself it's
a nice horizon shot going on here but it
doesn't appear to be fixing itself it
just is locked on the silhouette my turn
this way by coming in so I had Olympics
just started two minutes ago
whoo don't Harland whoo we're probably
gonna win so guys might as well go home
Hetch pop Usain Bolt
he's got nothing you got nothing on
Patti Patti go backwards
well Patti goes backwards just like
gonna work out I don't either I don't
know any magic actually what I do know
and it makes it's pretty cool I'm sure
and we decided we would go to Mama's for
dinner oh wait I mean wha go mama is for
dinner huh whoo I'm gonna get some
chicken captain we're only about an hour
late so uh that's pretty
half an hour late okay for half an hour
Li there was an issue where they have
essentially it Steve Jobs is false
essentially I'm Steve Wozniak's
but probably more steve-o's Dan's fault
because he invented the technology but
then Steve Jobs actually sold the
technology you know that's who I'm gonna
blame situation who didn't take us too
long to get the court has tree I didn't
know in England students called Cortez
vision
you're like so are all it's a nice big
truck you think the name thing I need is
Grayson quick I knew it really means
like for me i don't think i know i don't
i think it's treat and I know where
everything is in a kind of way like you
know where everything I know what Mama's
is do I know to demonstrate a son
nope we know the name industry is that
not Main Street I would get me to do
that it says mom no so mile is the one
on this time we look amazing yeah then
wonderful with means give selflessly I
don't know we made it on time I'm sit
beside Emma Oh ignore my wife and my
child I'm on a date I'm at the super
special
young how long were you waiting here for
like
I see you kept yourself busy though
drawings and the munchies
just bring me crates of katsu chicken
and everybody okay
what you get again
oh yeah why was that
then everyone get the same thing what
let me go get it what should I get all
my hair is annoyed
uh that's a poopie anyway
ass on Twitter when I see an achiever
get some responses are there
chocolate was sobbing
drop okay
is what I went with
yeah one of everything that's the one
you're getting yeah that's the best ever
little selection it was like do you want
one desert would you like three desserts
and I was like I'll take three three
cheers thanks bye now
yeah we have to go and walk walk that
off go repent
thanks for the baby thanks the Baba
penny give us makes your baby grow
faster and days yeah yeah apparently
Ernie I'm packing today used to say
again this today MMR's tomorrow's Annie
Guinness I'm mine yeah we're Mars the
day made you work lesson play and again
has made you strong was lift the way
things were back then now it's all about
feel isn't it correct isn't it crazy to
think though that like these days are
coming far and few like you might what
would he do we had Amelia with Oh could
we bring her with us can you bring it
restaurants okay fair enough
you got it scratch that he's even like
today like when I'm the doctor that we
go to the GP like and he was sat down
and he was like okay well goodbye
I probably won't see you now until after
the baby you know anything and I hold on
hold on a second what I thought I had
like a couple of months or something you
know kind of sneaks up buddy doesn't it
you know he's like occupy I see you late
and you're like well like wait what is
this this is for real it's for real now
anyway we might only have the a morrow
be our obstetrician is an obstetrician
and the gynecologist the same thing I
don't think necessarily it is yeah it's
a similar field I suppose I always kind
of thought like you went see your
gynecologist went to your guy knee when
you're pregnant
yeah there you go see your obstetrician
I don't know maybe someone someone can
explain something like that for me but
um yeah this is a another day another
day is over and then a day closer
to see little Amelia Amelia her name
actually I'm eating oh sorry
oh I always wanted to see that I always
Connor Cena I don't know why Cena's in a
crazy mood Xena's in there crazy all
chaos is broken out oh thank you oh my
gosh genus see you shagging everyone
you're still hiding
hae-sun hiding - we got Cena's gone
crazy
no no no yeah yeah crazy
Nevaeh everybody everyone else oh come
on I feel doesn't wanna play why are you
all that it focus focus huh oh my god
it's always you isn't it just amazing
jenga let's go oh I got a Bianca that's
it
all you have to do get the troublemaker
and the rest will follow
huh now don't you one back in there I
show you a good plan huh how about
Bianca run run run two three
Oh what you didn't see what you're mr.
Lovings Giovanna topper I think
someone's still inside
yeah you know and he's seen it love the
now because there's so much there's so
much older yeah yeah I should say and
there's so much older now that she
actually gets to play with them Theodore
Roosevelt audio oh you thought he made
it
you taught you it made us hey hey Oh get
get get get a hair no no break break in
we got a break in who's that
what coupe um hmm what like a slug think
so
come here Oh God
what is it huh hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there would be ah
