he was so funny he always goes
underneath wherever you like Oh whatever
like you're cooking or something you
know they're always just going to need
you
she's always in the bed she's always
eating Oh baby get in so much trouble
she and she may have a card that's the
thing though you know I know it does
probably seem that we never discipline
the dogs or Albie or anything like that
we do though there is discipline okay
there's discipline between the adults
here as well it's just you know you know
you're not finish its famous like Amelia
she will be disciplined oh yeah
there'll be some disciplining what if
we're never gonna rock it just know when
she's bold we'll take every wooden spoon
and beat her black and blue okay that's
my mom pin to me that's I like turned
out okay don't hey hey
thank you stop that we are younger we
used to have like whenever we feel like
this we always send me and Anne she's
like the youngest so we'd like yeah yeah
you got hannah and then say sorry
yourself you know she's like okay you
know good and routes like you go down
you be like you do it as I get a team
you know I'd say like we and then you go
like are you know anything so we're like
oh did he
he's like yes he though he was the
quickest to figure it out I'm sorry see
mode starve easy mo hmm maybe I'll have
some spinach Parmesan bread and water
yum yum there's a famine in our home so
I just recorded my hygiene routine and I
swear to God like every single time I
tried to record something happened and I
had to start again or like first there
was something in my eye
I was like a mascara flake or something
was like so sore in my eye so I tried
filming the video and then I had to
start again because I was just see not
like seriously come on get up
she's just a stupid thing where she's
like pretends she can't remember how to
get up just gone up look see she's like
I can't remember you're such an idiot
sometimes the help anyway it drives me
crazy cuz all I can hear is like the
stairs an inch with my dad and the
stairs up like two steps back down up
and this happens at night as well like
it drives me insane
anyways and then I was burning up
because my body temperature is so much
higher now because of you know being
eight ones pregnant and all that I feel
like there's just an oven inside of me
and I'm like
bragging off the whole time and then the
phone rang and it was somebody from a
paper I wanted to speak to Jonathan so
that was going on in the background and
then she wanted to speak to me and
there's just so many interruptions so
I'm sure the video is probably crap
because you don't even just tell when
people are like in a good mood and then
in kind of a crappy not a crappy mood
but like things were going wrong and I
was just distracted the whole of mine
and then Alby presses himself up against
me for I don't know what reason like
he's not even like usually that
affectionate towards me he's used to be
more affectionate towards Jonathan but
some reason when I'm filming a video he
needs to be like glued to my side so and
every time I tried to move him he just
growled at me like he's so annoying when
I film videos I don't know what it is
but look guys I put up our cupcake
Avenue it's kind of like totally the
wrong size but I swear this how it's
like the the landlady she just hangs she
wants to pong stuff really high up
because I feel like everything should be
at eye level you know like when you know
when I'm decorating or whatever I just
feel like pictures and you know wall art
or whatever you want to call it should
be at eye level but hers is just up so
high like look at the mirror what the
hell look there's me you can see me like
how am I supposed to see myself it just
makes no sense and she wasn't she was
tall but she wasn't that tall um so
that's really high up but it kind of
looks cute in the video it's like in the
background so it looks a bit odd there
but I'm just roll with it because well
we're not staying here so I don't you
care that much so you can wrinkle it I'm
gonna make like you are you tired you
finished I was just listening to you you
just like you've come here like yeah
it's insane I'm gonna have to read
she's like oh two steps down up to step
down I'm like you know how to get
upstairs like why are you pretending
it's like pretends to be stupid or
something just for like attention don't
you even eat your bows put back in
property hmm
what do you make a village well you said
you're gonna make she's so cute and look
I put I organized Joe this is life I'm
gonna organize my life
oh you can't actually see it on this
it's too far away but I did the whole
schedule for our weekly schedule oh I'm
sorry
he walked it on me or my lover I'll be
like licking it's like we know that you
know Spanish soaps it's like ooh me like
I know like you has your job like what
it's your daughter then and then the
priest comes in is like a menu in and
it's like I am NOT the police I have
actually your father what do you think
of this LV are you annoying me when I
was making my video yeah I need to press
myself up as close as possible
I need some frame time okay and then
he's like growling at me I was like
trying to push him away
it was growling at me and like what the
hell like everyone's gonna leave all
these comments be my guest dishes like
yeah he's actually just weird might as
well make this again I think it's nice I
like it maybe I should try it we're like
another like a distance seat for
something I've got more posture in this
time
and that befit add a little bit more
finessing just thought we're not gonna
put this on until this is actually done
man I'm gonna try to get it that way
just to meet the M know I'm kind of like
a Myra it's like the pasta will absorb
soup I think if I leave it longer in the
soup no I think it'll cook faster if I
put a lid on it
little party work better all right got
boiled water the water huh and how's
everyone doing here
dry dry what that no all right so that
car you worked yeah what do I leave it
like a little bit open so when you said
in the comments yesterday let yes sir
he said put a wooden spoon into it or
something
but how I put a wooden spoon into it I
don't want it oh oh oh oh god no tail no
no okay
that didn't that didn't work okay that
didn't you yeah okay I know I know
that's what I'm saying that is exactly
what I'm saying yeah yeah mm-hmm hmm all
right just leave the wooden spire I was
bad to leave a wooden spoon in now it is
wouldn't do what sort of like flavour
eyes or something what am i put a puppy
in huh let's put a puppy in mmm hey why
not I or not I wouldn't i wouldn't do it
i guess i wouldn't do it i wouldn't do
it to you i might do to you huh
i might do to you yeah I might do to you
then you know who this is
I'll give you five seconds to guess five
four three
one it's no is this who is it
leave comments dog number two who is it
who is it what's your name
I think you're wrong this is coming
along nicely
let's get clear clean up my indiscretion
part two in production are you in
measures I'm not a measure you know it
says like pouring in a pint
I just need shells do I put it back
nothing a puppy but I can't keep the
puppy it's probably okay
five-second rule right five-second rule
that was like three seconds we're
winding in check it it was like one two
let's let's reenact that one - j9 I got
it in three seconds five-second rule
anyway you guys like measurers I'm not I
never measure anything I never like way
ingredients and like that I kind of just
put in a dollar for this whack it out I
load it I fast it is I'm washing that so
I drew in loads of water that's loads
water that I true in there which am
supposedly it's a point and they're
aliens like complete opposite you should
have to like measuring way and adjust
and everything has to be like exactly as
I recommend I don't know I'm just not
like that
well the price is a lot about my life
because I make decisions that way but
you're not really you know I kind of do
a bit of this in it i doll up a - gonna
whack it out a little bit what is that
oh you guys up to you know so maybe some
commandos are you one of these whatever
what are you or does it really annoy you
when people already opposite that sense
like they're not really really noise and
I that I would just like true in loads
of water to the amount that I thought
was necessary and I just whacked in let
the pasta to the amount that I thought
was necessary for this particular meal
that I'm preparing you know you know you
know or you like me
you like me and then this trippy she
told me said recording an album
I'd be like a rock star oh oh it's like
homemade them Apple babies or something
isn't it
technically that's what alphabet E's are
you know when you buy them in the tin
essentially homemade alphabet is cool
all right let's chop up these bad boys
mmm there's a patch this here to myself
I'll be like dark basil theater these
things my egg this is always the kind of
that scary part because you never really
know and drain off the sauce cuz what am
I getting an elephant ache hey this is
like you know it's like super hot bingo
bango mmm that is good
hmm acting parmesan nice dinners :
dinners coming that's your water you can
have the tray Thanks that's your one
mind zone covered in barbarism okay I'll
keep the tray bon appetit dough
oh we're good we're good just excited
and you know yeah it's kind of like
exciting but then kind of scary at the
same time yeah yeah well hopefully
thanks a lot
yeah I will I'll tell her tonight
high five
hi I know he's nice that was my
grandmother on my mom's side
my mom Oh as I would call her an Irish
she's like 700 million years old that's
pretty cool is she talking on the phone
but I can get the whole concept though
now I just died she's in a ninety
something like that but I'm she was some
travel much an all-nighter and she's
gonna actually see a media until we're
probably gonna we go just a Christmas
party every Christmas funnily enough in
Dublin I think you guys saw us last year
D and probably the year before so and
that's partly when most of my family are
gonna be the media so I'm hey do you
guys see Cooper look who just happen no
when I was sitting here on the phone do
I know her you got it you got it let's
that's check check it was it it was it
was it focus do we have are we having
issues with the focus here there we go
so James's first keyboard second or were
you a ballina or she probably look at it
this way tube socks
Sonya lemon million Gaillard Jenna's
Jenna stai House you actually almost got
a few times you've actually got in there
quite early but yeah there's there's the
first bunch today you can put ur feet in
a row Oh we'll have to see tomorrow
James oh it's just so rainy and cold and
horrible it didn't work yesterday
maybe maybe ever work today maybe maybe
I supposed to put it on to harden it oh
hey what oh my god it worked again oh my
god this is the best oven ever oh my god
Nene's at work again
yes attacker attacker attacker
get the preggers there's been a break-in
the dogs you breaking a puppy breaking
what everyone else what else
Hey
what do you know what that is no don't
be a grump I know I know I've had that
happen on many occasion was it called
Cartman right carpet burn burn a rug
brain oh you probably got rug burn the
same thing go No mm-hmm so what are you
doing in 40 days knees
you know no so I'm you may have noticed
that you started this vlog which I've
decided I'm gonna do it now I can tell I
can see into the future you know I'm
gonna draw it's gonna happen guys in 40
days
look at this look we'd be sitting here
one day but like oh my goodness holy
crap holy crap I'm having a baby
in 40 days 40 days 961 hours in 57600 92
minutes we're having a baby Nene's holy
crap now I know I know I know it's not
an exact science like we've been given
the due date of the turd of September
and I know obviously that could vary
right like cuz they said it's probably
gonna be late maybe you know but there's
there is a chance he could come on time
sorry she could come on time like there
isn't there is a chance right
there's a pretty good chance you know
because everything you've done so far
has been like clockwork remember hitting
the second trimester of boom turd
trimester like all the symptoms and
stuff Mikey she came on the 1st
September ah anyway so what we're gonna
do is I'm gonna set this up neck the
start of every vlog for the next 40 days
lead essentially immediate here after
Lent 40 days 40 nights so that's pretty
exciting isn't it oh my god I can't
believe we're down into 40 days that is
so crazy
tomorrow it's gonna say 39 I don't know
I just I was just saying I wasn't gonna
do it you know and then I was just check
every now and again like a healthy is it
again I was like on oh my god it's 40
days I just think that's like like a
milestone you know like a 40 or at the
40 day count and interact the 20 day
countdown and a 10-day can down to five
did you imagine were sitting here
because I've saved this thing off net so
I can always access it we'd be sitting
here and this thing will be carrying a
maybe undeterred will actually just be
sitting here this thing will be counting
them you know maybe like where's the
baby they'd be told I'd have a baby
I was totally baby would arrive so am
how about you guys leave right leave me
a comment of your guess of what date
they're a media is gonna come on right I
know it's crazy but just will always
come back to this video okay and I'm
whenever a media is here let's go back
when we look at this video you know I'll
get a quiet time and I'll check the
comments on this video and we'll see and
you're not saying you're gonna win
anything or in line are like you know
it'd be awesome if you got it right now
of course you can say occurred because
the odds are the favorite is probably
deterrent but like put a day down that
you think that in media right but let's
see how many people get it right you
know and the common heist I will check
to comments if you've just come to this
video and it's like months later and you
know what they just you just couple of
what I comment hell no Sophie you'll
know but I don't know it's just a fun
game we can play you know it's all
exciting what do you say Alby except
Abby says v Cena what does seem to say
what mean brave brave a wonderful
I the night like this comments below
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
