what what Bianca huh we're gonna have
guys so few months they'll get bored of
like my hair and something that is like
something like crazy different she's
like like you know actually bored of it
you know oh my goodness
oh my godness do you know love the patch
game hey hey
someone stole it someone stole it
Yankees got it Yankees got it yeah yeah
yeah yeah give me a key carry me get a
can you into it give it a toy
okay US side like swing it stretch it
we need more
she loves it she loves the fact that
they play with her now yeah they all run
after is uh they don't chase me don't
chase me Xena Xena he's got it he's good
no does she know I did good girl are you
ready ready you know that her boat is
like get it get it
of course Anna chose the ball and it
goes right underneath the shed but you
get it she got it got it mommy can't
show the ball very well see nice oh oh
it's gone it's gone
oh is it oh you know Xena yeah get it
ok ready ready KITT dogs it up
oh okay I have grilled a pizza oh my god
he worked I am a grill I put the grill
on for about like 15 20 minutes right
till the heat was like it was really hot
then I turned on the fan because the fan
works better boom it actually worked
putting the fan on after he had before
it it actually work yeah like best I
guess all that time and money I spent on
university getting degrees and so watch
has paid off YUM sit - video video cool
the waiting oh man oh my goodness so
much stuff I'll do toys you can do
clothes I forgot the tripod mainly opal
on to that for a minute I just imagined
Mangione tripods downstairs Oh snarf
mark
but what concerned guys I need to be
concerned about okay
I'm glad you restrain yourself don't
mind that big monster oh no don't get
children and we're going to go to work
my caming is done the house is nice and
clean I think I'm gonna call on my hair
off that's how I feel yeah doesn't
condone this
condone this type of behavior so would
you say how could I miss it up so I
think Emilia yeah I think she had a
party he didn't fall over it just like
leaned against the bag thank you no
Quinn and I asked you to find me the
hammer
why fine because you're lost it you
won't even help me participate in my
life anyway
Junior that so plunder the huge crash
and then a big party yeah then she's a
part of this oh yeah that is Harry no
yeah pretty hurt oh the other girl I
know there's two wedding planners isn't
it the other one yeah
well maybe it somewhere like what we did
we had like a civil one and then we went
off and did it somewhere else
so maybe wherever she did it she
couldn't get married you know yeah all
alone all by my smell oh no I made a
mistake
these always keep coming on here I like
I'm not like for budget reasons just cuz
it's just convenient you know cuz it's
like you have to do it all the time you
know I should just do like this you know
you know and I'm so bored of it like
let's just sick of it you know I just
wanted something drastic do you wanna
just like drastically change your
appearance just for fun you know and
that's exactly how I feel about it right
now and I think that's exactly what I'm
about to do drastically change my
appearance one-zip I shaved all my hair
off that's all I had left you guys think
I was gonna shave it off I took off the
pineapple redundancy I don't know
pineapple on my head
see it's just not as long but I never
gets him to cook the top part you know
lunch that's just missing the top part
is it yeah thanks a bunch
I could be a hairdresser you being a
hairdresser isn't it weird we could take
care forget want to buy this I'm gonna
sell it on eBay how much should I sell
it for a strand two heroes it's done if
you're interested give me a leave me an
offer below and I'll probably message my
paypal and then you can buy it I'll keep
it here for you okay and we'll put it in
an envelope
Zeppelin yeah we go we could stick on to
medium she's bald yeah paella flew flew
from the box you just take it out
basically apply it to your hair and
that's it you got yourself a little poof
or like one of those one of those good
look change the foot rabbit foot tank oh
yeah yeah a good luck laughs loof I
could be a hairdresser it's pretty easy
ha ha
did you guys see that image I put a
bitch knee it's not so cute like a
little oof if you didn't know put it on
mop spook Oh Leonard said refresh your
shelf it's a doozy Boop
sad face it's not gone yeah go we
finally little oof is a haircut let's
get everything together Shh
what would you do that no one look what
you've done now I wanted to sneak down I
wanted a sneak attack doing a sneak
attack why are we gonna on the DES again
fairy cakes are very tasty one morning
they cut the top off yeah I think so I
think so I think so I'm good all my
house
chintz coochie flip over lockdown are my
shoo shoo
look at this look at this facto meters
eating your shoes who was it
each one of you well they'll go stag on
your mom says well we hunt says in the
sit room why is this shoe chewed huh no
see anyone anyone Bueller you are let's
get it
no get outside
did you go
well he's one she'sa sitting behind you
you're so vocal they could form a vocal
harmony group you guys ready you guys
ready all right one at a time
good dog just one for everyone there's
one foot there you go all right mind the
house guys my name's gonna go peepees
down
just get the last bit done just get it
done we had some fairy cakes
did you make these weeks what's your
knot looks like chocolate and cream and
all sorts of tasty goodness get Oreo she
is just like watching them by Oreo there
were young there was was for you know
why she's got now
oh yeah oh he's well up here now Cena is
all y'all that's all you know you see
here do you see her like hey I think
your screen just went sideways have you
a real look what I just squirt chocolate
or moves
Albert's homemade tasty chocolate or
mousse is a homemade and tasty yo what
you made it
bingo nice moves
on his own oh yeah yeah we just having
the time of his life
look how confident Cena is guys seen us
thrown in the pink bow he didn't already
know but she used to be so scared of
looking at the window and now she just
well okay now she's got him down again
because I think she's tired but it was
always Albie you used to do it and now
Cena is just like she really wants to
and she like totally stick her head I
hoped
now she's gonna render random it so she
can yeah yeah she is so cute
you can see me in the mirror Tina p90
love it this your favorite
you don't get to do many road trips
anymore weird there she does look she
never used to do that she gets so
nervous
like that's the window she's so cute
he's gonna mind mommy you gonna mind the
mom mind the mom that's gonna go I'm
gonna go you're gonna go and get some
supplies so we can sit and have our
lives
I don't want to get though you think I
mean like a pasta like past the packages
not a packet of paths that pass the
parcels pass the parcels or if you get
past the parcels pass the past of
mussels
taking runs
I don't
well this isn't very pleasant weather
we're having you they see me didn't they
see me be kcv no I got the numbers I got
somewhere about the sauce some
tortellini it's some puppy Eddy and rice
I know it's sopping it there Nene's not
very pleasant at all look like I've been
crying that's going through my head of
late we're watching that we're watching
this show last night it's the Irish it's
not a think I'm dining me there from
here to Maternity this woman gave birth
to these babies
she had like six miscarriages and an
event she had her baby and the two of us
are crying yet to be there but I was
like what if I don't cry you know I was
like I was like you know I everyone's
like oh my god you're gonna be crying
like such an emotional brothers like all
changes your life the moment that you
see the baby and something is like what
if I don't though you know what if I'm
like if I'm uh you're there like you
know they take the baby out and hand it
to you you know the kangaroo effect you
know then I understand they're like on I
know cuz you know what supposed to be
like a big deal when we first saw in the
scan like him I didn't know just I don't
know they were just like I don't know
but he's just different gonna have a
bonded with her yet or something like
that I don't know leave me some comments
if your husbands or boyfriends or
something like that did they cry when
the baby first came out I feel like I
need to I feel like a wanting but then
I'm like I don't know I've never been in
a situation
Oh see knees off Amelia no yeah I just I
don't know I just been going to my head
you know and I'm like I don't know like
how am I gonna react like you know I'm
not gonna cry around my not if you just
came to this series now and you're
watching it you just go ahead and skip
about a month and just go ahead and
watch we're in delivery video and see
did I actually cry just go back and
leave me a comment thanks a lot if you
have a TARDIS that would be awesome just
go ahead and tell me I don't know I know
she's getting more real like when we
watched that last night it was like oh
my goodness and they're talking about I
was like on oh my god it's getting so
real I'm like seeing a dinner time don't
think any why make some dinner Buffy lay
down time allotted blue a trophy it's
very dark in here all right
whoa you see when it's rainy they tend
not to go outside then you get into our
peopie's in the indoor people situations
yeah you sound kind of weird okay an
accent is that oh dude my friends
wonderful play with me oh my goodness
like ravaging this is peepees or is this
rain I can't quite tell because I'm sure
it rained in God it's like winter time
Winterfell window okay let's make some
jeez in tomato and basil keval that's me
what else do we these what else do we
need
hmm tell me tell me what it is
had a panel chocolatte it so crazy to
think that I'm next month we can have a
baby here
it's just crazy I don't know just like
you can sight no I suppose not lady but
each time we get a little bit closer
toward do you know Brittany but it does
only seem like other day we me were
sitting here talking about I'll be
pregnant and telling you guys we're
pregnant and the whole debacle you know
and then it just seems that like that
just happened when I heard somebody
oh oh oh is this open know who was it
who want you're walking away you're
walking away and you're looking guilty
ain't it better better clean that up
when you need to get down cause there
will be mother a puppy yeah it just
seems like we're just talking about you
know it seems like did I just step in P
did I step in P or is that water I don't
know like it's a party but on then here
yeah said she saw no she seemed like
whoa I think it's because I'm watching
the from here from eternity thing which
is like yeah I'm the Irish when born
every minute
type of show and it's just one like you
know it's in the maternity hospital or
were going you know it's what to make
with Brit
ways it's with the midwives that were
probably going to have it's the
procedures everything that we're going
to go through and it just makes it more
real in a sense you know and it's like I
don't know the morning gets closer to it
the more you start thinking like I don't
know if I'm ready or what if I don't cry
what if this happens what if that
happens and you know we were watching
the episode yes they'd be gonna have to
have a c-section you know and then I was
all like you know I know when I began is
so young like you know just probably
they are all be the same like the book
you know it's probably going to be a
natural birth situation you know it's
like it's probably right Stephanie
natural for it like you know everybody
should everything should be fine you
know like anything could happen you're
looking at anything that happened
between then and now you know to change
that but it's like I don't know I don't
want to say in case it happens but I'm
like I really don't want to do the
c-section thing you know she's still not
like okay if we do have a c-section I'll
be like yeah whatever you know there's a
medical reason to have a c-section
obviously go ahead a friend of ours just
reason we had our baby she's the same
age Anna and she had a c-section and you
know her and the baby are fine
everything's fine there's no difference
but did you just kangaroo thing andand
where it's like the second the baby
comes out they want to put the baby on
you is like skin-to-skin or something
like that and you know I really wanted
to experience that anything would be
good bonding ss but it's like apart from
all that you know I don't want to put on
Scrubs you know I don't wanna like scrub
up and go into a theater you know and be
sitting in it nigga you know they put
the big blue thing that the screen up
between like just blow on his chest so
they can cut her open and take out the
baby and it's not like terribly you know
and then the Hanna's you can they take
it away and it's it's a different you
know being on just like I mean it's like
for the first time I really want it to
be like like the movies you know it's
kind of like it's like the way you know
when you need when you grow up and you
think I'm gonna have kids I'm like
you probably think it's like in booking
that my first there are kids you know
and it's like it's the way you've always
kind of planned it you know like I have
always dreamed that you know not dream
like my dreams have children but I've
always like fantasize or you know vision
what it would be like you know the
moment where I'm sitting there you know
and I'm like okay you see the hand
you're like and they and they're gonna
pull this baby out and I'm gonna put on
and he's gonna make you one just died
want to cut the cord I'm gonna cut the
cord and just gotta hide me this time
I'm looking at him he's just like oh my
god you know and it's like that it's
just I can see it in my head happening
but I'm like I wanted to happen that way
you know and I'm yeah of course it could
be like a c-section and it's straight
and a knowing and could be anything that
could go wrong or something like that
you know but I wasn't even saying my
brother you know and I seen him and he
was like he's only said to me like yeah
you just can't explain what it's like
you can't understand until you actually
have a baby
you know while I fix you like I still
haven't bond that I still don't have a
relationship I love a nothing you know
and it's like whatever what do I look
what if I look at her you know and I
don't feel I don't feel that feeling
that emotion though I don't cry I don't
what if I just look at her and just
think like oh there's the baby because
not by Alex where I don't know I'm just
worried that I won't love I'm not that I
won't love her I'm just like what I'm
like disappointing or something you know
what if she's still me or something I
don't know I hope I do right it makes it
pasta you better make some pasta huh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
