so it's rugby day and I'm carrying a
scooter at least Amelia is bringing her
own scooter but he wants me to bring the
scooter but he is going to go on the
scooter come on mister everyone's gonna
watch today everyone's come today to
watch it water's play oh you gonna be
helping don't lose the Daisy did they
say unless he's even come for
cheerleading all right mister are we
ready you know there's so many we did go
on that once that was very scary
all right we're sitting there and we're
having some pre snacks we're having our
protein we have our pre snack protein
what's going on oh oh you're sitting on
daddy huh
this is what we're gonna Heinz we're
gonna cheerleader duardo so it's e-d-u a
orgy oh that's smart oh come on
e-d-u way or do dr. Dwyer dose pellet
II D you hey you try ready give me an e
quarter you have to give me a have to be
a cheerleader so give me an e you to eat
any of those boys what oh the pom-poms
yeah give me an e d you a or do what's
that spell right now
always always always here's the
cheerleading team we are we the
cheerleaders media and Alessia were
Santos doing his rugby yes and we just
met a new girl from I mean yes class
yeah because the meeting is closed at
school they're getting some new children
joining in reception it's not everybody
does them the kindergarten and they
really need some new girls like it's
very boy heavy which is a shame because
the media likes behemoth girl um she
plays with both but her best friends are
all girls media got a sticker yeah yeah
you get lots of stickers there use of
his races alright so we finished in row
B and we're now heading over here to the
funfair yeah whoa anyway over here
parent leaders characters here today I
don't know what Amelia I talked to your
brother please
Amelia has actually kidnapped the cash
all right let's go catch up come on
right here
there you go
so we got into pink car we're gonna want
you know to get in the car together you
go go in and mean you know go with it
media try to put Alessi on us up let's
put that up around a nap I'm she's
asleep
no so cute oh look at it with a little
picture together don't go too fast guys
if you promise not to go too fast this
is Eduardo first time ever on the right
on his own all right
you okay weirdo what ready
we go
all right climb aboard no no there's too
much pressure
is it all right you go to the back
Eduardo you can be the driver
all right London Victoria please she
said no she got on and she's like
actually no all right you ready where
does the driver all right you got one
passenger you're going to Africa
on a train
yeah
there was a teacup named Charlie yeah
okay which one you wanna go together
though together you can spin it with the
wheels don't spinachy you can't spin it
middle row okay don't spin it too much
he's sensitive fella step this way you
ready guys
adults me ride with our children and
help with our children you ready guys
okay please stand clear this wine is
absolu oh hi guys
but yeah this is great
we basically get all the rights to
ourselves like I you know the real
teacup code the grown-up ego terrifying
when you already got someone like you
were always like don't spit it the ng
spinner try now trying to hold the
things to nothing in Cork that we went
open their New Year's Eve like probably
inside and you were like spitting you
and Eric or it's spitting it around or
Peppa Pig line yeah murder helicopter
Peppa Pig on me bro there's so funny
right
it's like they're now going rides
without let it go without us you know
almost can go in with them nobody
elephant the elephant at Disney World I
really like that one I would just know
better that's going them why are they
playing the suicidal song a song called
suicidal are you actually going on this
thing I'd love to go guys but somebody
has to mind did you want to go her mommy
yeah it's fast I'm not going I'm just
spilling
now does this go upside down is this
your purse no sir coffee me fine
descending into our do it let mommy in
the middle guys cuz when it goes upside
down you want to be able to hold on for
mommy Amy did you notice it upside down
thank God
hold on to the small children
watch what wiki was that fun guys
I just a little crazy face I was more
concerned about who's that good wardo go
faster so it turns out you're like mummy
and Amelia's like daddy yeah I saw his
face like an issue do you need to stick
to the right side daddy goes on hey
daddy doesn't like any why you guys are
gonna have fun in some crazy place that
was so funny not right Amelia basically
hated
like the first one or two
I don't love it he was like touching a
thrill-seeker he liked it
this is tame compared to the last one
Jonathan and then he said he wants to go
back on it then I want to go back he was
like really pilot
you're gonna Africa it's gonna be a long
drive guys alright he's quite late at
night on that I'm streaming aired the
mayweather mcgregor fight I'm not gonna
leave you won in this because like I
know some of you guys may not have seen
it she has seen you guys might want to
know who won but Connor seen Rudy well I
don't know but I think we ran before
right now
Oh better and now I think all right that
going for but yeah a mental is that for
I felt like Connor like incredible stuff
anyway I gotta go thanks for watching
today's video friends I'll see you guys
tomorrow
or I think it's like 4:00 a.m. so I'll
see you guys today later on
