what a beautiful morning seriously
it is amazing it is like so sunny today
which is awesome for driving two people
in and hopefully it's any moment it was
written in Dublin I'm turning right
around meetup his pencil has her own
blog today Jamie blog was a hidden away
whoa holy for tollis the Erica camp we
on you get your own blog
we haven't been promoted paradise
promoter pass you now haha super excited
but we're probably we gonna be late
well I said I want to leave a 10 it's
now half 10 so I don't know woo 300
kilometers later we're here
Newlands cross is always the point
whenever you pass that beauty's there
it's like that's it that's it I'm in
Dublin I made it it's the Lewis
why don't we hit one of them in court
yeah that's not fair if you've never
been Dublin that is the Guinness is
brewery that's when they make big enosis
the kenosis
this traffic is pretty heavy for uh or I
assume everyone's gonna meet up again
exactly a problem that happens in court
remember where everyone was going it is
really funny that the festival thing and
what's it cost the same festival was on
last Saturday in Cork during our meetup
it's on in Dublin sneakers sneakers they
copied my dates they're like oh yeah
we'll take advantage of the billions of
crowds of people that are gonna show up
the job is neato
why I oughta this Trinity College can't
get any more central than this and
there's the National Irish franc which I
don't even know if it is a bank there's
a declarative Vikings but I think I
don't think it's like a bank that you go
in through I think it's like you know
the the country's banking Oh
forex trading and stuff like that you
know to mean the exact index of Irish
errors and borrowing some European
commissioners and we are cuz I wasn't I
go onto the street because I know
they've pedestrianised a lot of this
area and the meetup is just in there to
the lefties and we all might God the
kerreri we are holy potatoes because I
rented the place knowing out well the
little em it's like a theater you'll see
in a few minutes we get there I got it
from like 1:00 to closing so the meetups
like on the to excuse me an hour kind of
like you know put all the presents out
and but everyone's name when their seats
you feel that reserve sign right you
feel that the quorum what okay so we're
here and we just turned it on in the car
trip there we go under the guise I got a
new car what do you think it's the 911
or expiration you know got me care quick
you know I was excited to see everyone
again and what how many people are gonna
come I know Stephen he tweeted me he's
coming he was there last year um Amy she
tweeted me she is there last year Daniel
I think he's going he was there last
year we see if you remember you guys
but that's just a normal average citizen
he's doing the thing I know I just a
friendly y'all look like leprechauns
temple bars the more the square area
sure this is actually the last sort of
trip in a sense yeah yeah I take pretty
melee on the inside all the next trips
immediately on the outside how fitting
that our last trip was to here I know
big Ling Zhi presented Jing oh they have
everything in table that's all gone by
the way
there's our space oh that sucks about
the UH computer thank you
that's 80 unless you know anyone is
bring a laptop yeah I know I know see
what can we like put chair make it all
formal yeah yeah Rickie's go close the
door
watching stare look I'm gonna go set
this up oh I have to do everything
myself well take this line up one person
coming right now I think there's two
okay no it's in here okay they come from
inner jump house
okay let's move that so far removing
everything around
come on preggers get to work you see I
want everyone kind of close in like a
moon okay Sean Mooney it's like a
campfire going for the campfire look
no you need fire reasons and stuff so
you can't have them locked in not
seriously like I used to be event
planner
boy Expo so we just organized it looks
really cool yeah kind of looks like
we're having a presentation is something
below or not and it's like a what's it
called projected who are not gonna yeah
if we bought a laptop me and I were
gonna have much upstairs so hungry just
like drill from quenched up and yeah job
is just being this is so cool this is
done it's like a test right if this
works out this is like my mini test to
some sort of that VidCon thing in
Ireland so after phase one so this works
that this is a success oh my god girl if
you step into it this next year it's
going to be epic this is a failure
Hey look he's watching right get so much
to go to granary means to each got about
half an hour to go we've called it in
the cavalry hate him should be here soon
and she can organize this
hey so we're waiting to go down or
pretend human endeavor and I think many
people I hear that term you'll see you
Erica no one's you've seen me yet
started Erica's fans are here away from
Ikea my pants that's actually the older
one
oops I answered the phone
haha that's a cooler I'd make a formal
than cool like but I've got my laptop
yeah yeah got my laptop and then the
ping II was missing and everything I was
like oh no Eric is blogging
you guys recognize Eric yeah no like mr.
guitar - I'm I die here you go anything
I guess I'm gonna do like an end you
probably if that's cool about you know
any sexy motor stuff and then all of a
sudden it's supposed to one wise day cuz
that was like it was like a real moment
yeah like he's alright I think when we
reach me like excited to get engaged I
think it just happens when you didn't
let so many kind of you know you don't
need to make up a story to everyone's
like oh no I suppose they just kind of
that like on I want I want the whole the
real experience you know and that was
like that when I was sitting
and now we've talked about it like how
like this I got nearly 14 another how
they gonna find this interesting
credits and stuff but if I'm keeping the
complete polar opposite of what I
thought people are like even teenagers
like I have no weapons news but I really
like these blogs that I think it's kind
of like it's just evolving like slowly
as time goes on people are expressing
like see more babies pause and like some
things like that so I'm not going to be
putting like makeup on her stuff like
that so there's definitely like always a
lot of young people watching if we went
into pregnancy we listen to all like
they're the mints
which are in standing right there it
looks like this is gonna happen that's
gonna happen if this is not working it's
like we're gonna end up and it's like
yeah so it was easy
sorry no I and it's like a lot of people
say like oh my god you put a median grip
or the dog we have dogs near the baby
over it's like yeah we are done like fun
you know what I like that don't leave a
more chilled and relaxed about things
like that
yeah okay alright then you watch the
pregnancy workout video
professional husbands so what's our gc3
my next year in transition air you know
you started thinking like university and
stuff like what you're gonna do
doing this town and stuff like it's
gonna broaden your mind to a global
community you might think you like I
like ebony videos okay maybe there's
something there which you probably
wouldn't have even thought of it so I'd
say keep it up like don't know many
people stop eating what you want do it
like you see this stuff on our comments
any good thing but it's funny less
prepared but you have to pick it anyway
so yeah it's probably it's I think it's
a really good indication that you don't
want to do it yeah we read well when I
originally started on hard candy
channels out there but I think just you
just need to do it for the right reasons
like you need to do it because you enjoy
it like you are saying it because you
you really you genuinely have a cache
it's like anything like any any career
you have to do it because you love it
and if you get into it for like I when I
first got into it I wasn't I mean we
didn't start it was no party there was
nothing no I there's no money if I was
just a hobby so I think when you start
something like that knowing that it's
it's a hobby first before the job you
will get success like eventually that
will come with it because people were
sick own sense that you're passionate
about it I mean in terms of like
networking and stuff like obviously it
was good to have like a Twitter Facebook
stain like okay and yeah and maybe just
like just network with other people that
are in the same boat as you look maybe
you want to go find some other channels
that you like or some other bloggers
that you like and you know depending on
what you do or walk what kind of videos
you make and try and like become friends
that's what I did I just became friends
with other people that were like
probably about the same like subscriber
be there that's me in the same kind of
like I don't know I really you can't
depend - there was a lot there were you
know it was kind of getting big at that
stage anyway but I think it is getting
bigger yeah so I do is like the bad ones
like oh my god I hate when he holds a
bottle for the entire block I wouldn't
want a bottle you know when they're like
Joe Pesci whenever he doesn't like I'm
gonna do that
like here is a responsibility he's you
know if I ever start fighting back with
people you know your audience gonna
watch it they're gonna think like that's
what I should be too you know it's
positive community
I started this four corners an
experiment it's still the same thing it
might have grown people think now it's
all about 7,000 money in myself it's not
whether it's court this is nothing I
would not do it yeah you know it's at
least 100 hours a week work you know
seven days a week we drove for 300
kilometers here you know here for a
couple hours here in founders home then
I got an enemy keeps video you know and
then we gotta shoot more in and get
ready for tomorrow and just like 24
hours a day seven days a week no days
off so it wasn't for much to do it yeah
yeah yeah there's been so many times
like what we like you know you think you
just don't think of it my back you don't
think of it as your job you know this
it's like Christmas
I'm like Eastern holidays and like even
went to surrender yeah you said yeah my
mother's right yeah you can take it off
but you still have to think about like
we can't be like I think we did have a
day off I probably miss everyone yeah
like what you don't want when he doesn't
have this camera on him he gets very
like but you more important than his
phone yeah yeah
I actually caught them in the face full
of diamonds and pearls it's really cheap
yeah these were funny like they're
really cheap it's like yeah England then
they closed down oh yeah yeah it's one
of those like you know kind of costume
jewelry these shops that have like all
the different color is like there's like
the right section of the yellow section
that I think it in Germany it's like a
question-and-answer thing and I was I
got a cue up wanted to please organize
yourself okay
look Jordan you guys shirt yeah not them
boner plane
Johnny Johnny
are gone anyone that's where
close
click here for more information
yes I read enough and it was virtually
fine
nothing persons I think make that son of
a noise you sort of move your hand
anyone who works future give it a lot
we wait here while you have home yeah
someone came on their birthday you
having a good birthday this is a good
birthday thanks for coming so we're
gonna come up with a private joke I'm
gonna tweet that now Daniels trying to
come up with something creative come on
what is it
glass elevator gosh theater it's fun
well just say do you know about the
glass elevator and you all got to
retweet it our reply or something like
that and this is what happened did you
know the version No
oh we're down some wearing our puzzle
and then we got diverted yo the motorway
is closed gonna be a million miles away
but uh oh my god that was so awesome
thank you everyone I came to the Dublin
meetup that was so cool like to join it
JJ first you're second meetup reeks
first Dublin meetup just read comments
in the blog he was busy under a home be
some comments on yesterday's vlog I can
read them on the way home just like
fight oh I'm so XO it was like three
hour drive three hours at a meet-up
three hour drive home weekend oh I can't
we through the doggies
mama starlight was so good she came over
and she like went out in the garden and
spent like an hour with the dogs in the
garden
okay what's happened here okay I love
you son and all but I can't I can't
actually see nothing not hey you think
you are oh my god it's so beautiful look
that's so like epic the way the Sun and
the mountains and like it's like this is
an ad for Ireland just go over Arden
calm I think it's got even easier Eric
sponsor oh oh me oh I just wanna go
oh all right let's drop weekís off and
let's figure out how the oven works
they're helping good no mistakes hey oh
hey how's everybody oh you guys got some
treats and presents and toys you did oh
we missed you so much
get in free treats hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
