good sunny sound let's go say Monday oh
it's not one day guys it's Saturday
morning for you
afternoon morning in LA afternoon in
Ireland middle of the night in
Australian Asia
Oh Lee Williams Hey tired you think an
Australian er evening well the light
throw bring in a senior him to get the
snippy snap excited
we're actually ringing Albie - because
I'm Cena doesn't like the group I
thought you shouldn't like the groomers
that she hasn't experienced as much time
huh so at this time we're gonna bring
our be so just for a moral support you
can hold her hand pulled her up off
what it is really nice that today and
then we're gonna swing by the Popo we're
gonna have a Hooley other day oh oh get
ready for tomorrow oh yeah meet up in
the town coming to you I'm like a clown
I'm really upset guys I don't know where
my wedding ring is it's like gone it's
disappeared like look it's my engagement
ring which I cleaned and don't look very
clean again and it was a toothbrush
anyways yeah so I cannot find my wedding
ring anywhere I took it off last night I
put it on my bedside table with along
with my engagement ring like I always do
and it's gone like I cannot find it
anywhere and I checked underneath my
bedside table like I moved it I can't
really bend over very much because of
the bump and everything it's actually
really difficult for me to bend over so
I did my best like I tried see we've
wooden floor is like maybe it fell
through it's not even it's not small
like it's got like diamonds are in the
like teeny tiny little diamonds are in
the bedside so like it's not even like
it's a just a plane bands that could
slip like it I don't think of what cuz
it's too bulky but javis then moved the
bed I asked him to move like the bed out
and like I vacuum like every week so the
it's not like there's anything back
there that it could be hiding behind her
you know everything's kind of like clean
so I don't understand where it's gone
it's really upsetting me because
obviously it's my wedding ring but I
know I had it last night so I might have
to strip the bed or something and try
and find it that way
because maybe it got caught sometimes
they get caught like you know underneath
the sheets or like in your pillowcase or
something like that so maybe that's what
happened but I'm really like upset about
it and I feel like I'm engaged again
just I'm not married I'm just engaged
and it looks weird so yeah I'm gonna
to find nine okay who was it own up who
did it
we're gonna find out in a few minutes if
you don't tell me what the hell is that
these what is that the guy that's like
it's like like on you like struggling to
come back I know they were shipped from
the US I think or something I mean I was
like on oh my god I think someone just
sent me like concrete blocks in my
garden or something I was like oh my god
what is this
nice card so we got this card it came
from Oklahoma is that the city that
never sleeps
where's that where oh is that I eat Oh
Abbi is from Oklahoma Angeles we have
been watching your life since you found
out you're having a baby
oh wait until amelia is here you'll both
be amazing parents thank you thank
someone all the way from Oklahoma USA
Elizabeth and Jessica just god I love
it's really cute so this is going right
here our other cards and then there's
these crazy thing I actually was
mistaken guys they actually came from
London from no wasn't in let's say Emma
all the guys like she says but she says
don't open under blogs oh you guys will
never know what's in these boxes you
guys will never know what's in these
boxes okay we're gonna open it thank you
so much
oh okay I don't even know it's a here
I'm just overwhelmed now I'm not gonna
like show you guys what a wives cuz like
we turn them one thing the she's - she's
with you already
I just okay I'll show you one thing I
hope Ava doesn't mine again I mean show
them one thing look at these Ralph
Lauren little baby shoes how does this
even open me nice Lauren baby shoes oh
you hold the box and me see Clichy right
oh my god little polos on me is so cool
isn't it
boy yeah
oh my god you like chest
jin dal-rae that's all I know pictures
of all her doggies her doggy got
pregnant twice I think my goodness yeah
and she said that she knows it's what
we're going through
yeah it was a geek oh that's so weird we
were going to at one point we're going
to get out sessions of German shepherds
and thank you so much like that is like
I am overwhelmed like I like I don't
know why some points and so I just kind
of like that's crazy
thank you so much they think I don't
know like I can't believe that's the
most amazing presence thank you
and like
it just keeps going
seems like one of these for each from
each treats hotel don't tell the guy
that they have no idea yeah I'm handed a
garden hang in there
but oh my goodness all right let's give
him some toys are we giving a wink
today
oh yeah
she's got the thing yeah I like the blue
one what's that oh my goodness we got to
keep stuff row and hab√≠an sitting at
home because they want to have something
fraction new this is gone
like she's left the boss Cena's gonna
love them
and we only had one left I know we've
got six new ones I think of the color
him you'd spot them very easy and
they're the exact ones yeah yeah the
ones I fit in there mate would you
please resist
did you already break the finger in this
yeah they're professionals we Quakers
I don't know that you guys have been
following this but Michaels bike a
bucket from what the book is in the
final yes and this is like the final I'm
just watching I don't know someone he
tweeted at this link so internationals
can watch it but I think you should
totally win like he said such a giving
guy I didn't be so cool I have to look
like the dog though but who do you want
to see that he's gonna win a doe over
again trouble for for you guys but I'm
not gonna show you lava just little
snippets about the page it's just so
funny like oh no oh it's a good
suggestion you know guy didn't like one
or something can win the house I'm just
gonna assume that Michael wins because
go so I'll never find out well I hope
buddy tweeted he's in the final needs to
last you the life of Kellie thing yeah
yeah
no no maybe my keys in it monkey from
Oregon well look at the amount of toys
out here now Mikey Michael and Julie
should have a competition who's our
biggest a babysitter's fan from Oregon
so we got Oh God okay everyone is
officially crazy today you're not
allowed to take that turn and you won
today someone's trying to under take me
under motorway I was like what are you
doing car into a slip road and I was
like oh you're stupid that's just you
just win the stupid award so we got
invited to go to this a big party in
London
and it's really annoying because like
some of the youtubers that I really like
are gonna be at it you know one of my
favorite guy you easy waiters gonna be
there like and I'm like oh my god I
would so love to go that cuz like with
you know it's like I have permission to
be in that room but it's like it's I
think it's like mid August or something
no and it's like oh my goodness like I
don't think me me I don't even take that
risk
like I don't need to take the risk on
over there no it's like so yeah
and so annoying cause it's like you get
invited to actually you know to all the
Olympic events and all this stuff and I
and everyone else on my team like oh
yeah we're gonna take trainers I'm like
I like you invited to go when does that
ever happen it never happens
sound like no maybe they could change it
maybe of our right to eat you can go hey
I have a plan why don't we make the
creators hope like the you know in in
the harlot in court specifically I don't
be a really good idea
you know I need be good way to get it
going just syrup come together it would
suit me okay okay
no it's okay so the dogs are done we're
gonna cook the doggies
I bet ya buddy brush that I'll be or
something you know
yeah I'm very like left I'll be there
for company we just turned into you know
misery loves company I've seen this
quite misery is aureus so it's really
good I thought you got a shaver which
one see that these dogs are so beautiful
it's good idea
hello look at you huh I'm so small who's
a pretty girl singing boy oh what if we
become Q so small again your fancy girl
take her home we'll get you a little
twig that's not gonna go anywhere I'll
be you wasting your time you're wasting
your time thank you are you
I want those bows to last forever I know
they're so cute
of yours is always there's a new toys
false alarm puppies don't get any kids
right about meets no she get it
go figure oh okay good girl
ouch okay girl ouch get hurt on a hatch
to say he does everyone you're gonna get
a wrong ones here see you know that's
your treat
thank your treat that's for you you
munch that down now you think it was a
jubilee festival or something going on
here this is like British why it's not
properly good
look at this she's watching him yeah she
chewing while running
oh she started thinking home with it Oh
big pee-pee break heard heard Cena did
you gathered energy
oh yeah she got it she had it under run
girl seemed easy easy right I need some
lunch
oh he's high for tomorrow I'll tell you
tomorrow okay Nikki scored somewhere our
polish or polish dude yeah
bond hurry and what raspberry Alpine oh
they look really good mountains of it
what idea for price sleeper Turkey so if
you're into talk to you about 5 a.m.
tomorrow morning right I feel and then
party guys have to go straight for a run
you have to run before you go for a
drive you know the baby's coming yeah
and we got 82 worth the door Derek is
cousin cousin cousin law does that
happen
I mean if you come with cousin or not no
no but you're my cousin laughs people
are doing which is what actually
yesterday you guys said you have a good
time was yesterday
yeah huh
what's the batteries go drinkies okay
jaffa cakes
what's yeah hey carry case
oh it's the Japanese unit in the inside
is that Jap a flavor
is there a Jabbar fruit I never said
Jaffa Jaffa Kree leave me comment if you
get the Jafar prereq did you guys know
what apart crius tilt nose tilt some
Abydos 7 Chevron's
there's a lot of cherry stuff the Polish
Air like the cherry do you guys like the
cherry
maybe not checking favourite stuff
because I know that like there's
everything in Ireland designer chicken
flavored of strawberry flavored but it
is you know like everything is chicken
every dinner and it's chicken and every
dessert is like strawberry favorite it's
like the most common ones so put a
little bit inside information
leaveme am some infrared information to
your ass country what's your flavor
what's your favorite flavor of
everything horse team has been harassed
for some reason my Albie that's just
washed their cuz I'll be took ownership
over there and marked her mark Cena
did she just got washed I don't know
what's over that Lisa
do you guys know because Cena has been
spayed now so maybe it's recreational
purposes but this doesn't a home there's
no point where he's just like we dropped
her this morning nothing dropped her off
the groomers he came home can these
great sums right man sexual pest
yeah you know he's turned a Ravager he's
actually what are you sitting here
pining now oh he's gone yeah I'm with
the left thanks are upstairs
hopefully yeah it grows out of it or
something have to get my tuxedo to the
dry canoeing for tomorrow Oh have you
got your ball gown ready yeah you are
matching ball gowns yeah Oh everyone
going to a meeting knows it's formal
right like it's a formal cocktail bar
event at the AMA strap and they have one
of those announcers you know there's no
better thing we come up the top of the
stairs are like jelly come and I go
steamed no saben is it at the garden
everyone's tuckered out tiny Tucker what
Stan what's the story boys and girls oh
don't don't don't
you're still kid what do you do you're
just having a stretch in the nipple
nipple ease Oh inna belly stretch all
right because it's a Friday and as we
have explained in the past Friday
spelled backwards and and and being that
it's a Friday we're gonna have a frozen
backwards as you can tell there's a bit
of a deal going on Tesco so we bought we
stock piles we stockpile well we figured
tomorrow when we get home I'm so tired
because like we're driving for three
hours then we're going to the meetup for
brand three hours and then we're driving
home for three hours so I'm not going to
be tired I don't want to be part that's
kind of thing I do for you guys cuz I
love you it's the oven work I can't
remember remember recently it was an
issue did you open that functional
okay you know will do helped everyone
let's just turn that on for a few
minutes and let's see what happens
give me this back and I'll see if it
heats up before I commit that she's
playing a pizza I'll save it heats up it
doesn't I might be forced forced to
order food because it's my only option
speaking of my only option you guys
notice I don't want to jinx it
but I think we may have just hashtag
save the comments oh oh we took it back
positivity is in the air huh
you guys take it back it's no longer a
scary place to go
I probably benched it now but um that's
cool I just
I read the comments every day I know
people sometimes say like don't leave
the comments every day I can't tell you
guys every day that I read the comments
every day I write comments every single
day I noticed yesterday I was a super
camera and then today seems like no need
at all was like we won we won they lost
weight just remembered what's it Durga
yeah you just put in here got Cola you
push that button in and what's this turn
knob back yep yeah then yeah yeah I
think everything's right so essentially
if I yes it worked yes oh man oh yeah
you guys should totally try it at home
you put it this at 40 you put this as a
real funny part this bit goes just
between 100 and you press the red button
over there boom Domino's Pizza whoa hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to
video and favorite the video because
there will be
