food food drop ah
apricot I don't you tell granny oh so
granny granny goatee oh what's that
tea towels towels to be used at tea time
are you getting too excited
wouldn't you gotta fee get a free wooden
board dinner rolls
do you like cook them are they like
angry there is a pop you one look Oh
bingo bingo was his name EO ya ing yo
what's the thing I hear oh you left
nothing see you later
Oh we'll just turn over a new leaf now
turn them over to you now well I cooked
it but then turn them over I can just
keep going all day hey
welcome to the vlogs
she's fine coming around sir I got a job
as an answer for the Olympics earrings
here on your hearts go after the used is
the official M announcing technique for
the Olympics is what they're using he
got a little much because I'm looking
for some lunch and I'd like to feel my
tummy I've got a little rumbling it's
like a grumble in something this is
never looking about it or like that's it
guys it's over the days of free food are
over now you got to work for it okay huh
how people tell me about it huh it's
called Alvida Maltese Channel okay
that's viral you can't fish that's the
rule
10,000 views gets your fill the bowl
dance dance
she pulled that one of the stitches
correct that means parties go get dishes
move just have seen a polo match now if
I may because of this area all right let
me hook let me hook the other let me
hook you guys up seas all right that's
not there it can take the living in I'm
come on Lady
Oh just deserve we have a backup backup
plan
bump it up it up you know what someone
yes turnovers all right let's turn over
a new leaf
hey dude okay
my goodness okay
all your advice when you're alby's my -
yeah let mop that all right let's get
some disinfectant I'm gonna go get raw
restaurant okay guys I'm gonna get them
up huh
munchies what would like some chilled
filtered fresh water underway oh I'm
trying to drink it it was going in yeah
someone got a bit of a shower there
my dogs only bring filtered fresh
Brittany or water mmm
not Valley Alberto Alberto okay Joe peas
making for lunch
hmm hmm chicken which isn't really
chicken it's corn peppers which aren't
really peppers there's mourned corn
peppers and I found a little bit of
leftover fajita cooking sauce tomorrow
bland but um you know if you kc+ a
little lamb red rose did you want to
bake now we're gonna have to bread rolls
and
no I'm trying to work at the timing how
do you want yours okay huh no no no no
no I insist have one I insist
but I insist oh really which one you
want
well I'm like in a freezer old sesame
sesame didn't get it go what would you
say the easiest thing in the world of
the caucus what do you think needs toast
yeah like who who can't cook toast oh
I've already it's great that one I'm on
scraping Judy I was like oh no I was
kicking my thing and I forgot about it
well it's kind of nice and toasty all
right let's go and scrape off the black
stuff yum Yum's a lot hmm check that out
that's good isn't it
you know hmm buon appetito
so we're back to do it's really funny
because honest in another room and I'm
in this room cuz we're about to do this
ad with these guys here
you cheap next lab thing it's to do with
the Olympics thing I was talking to you
guys to bed so we're doing a Google
hangout with everyone so we've got Jim
Chapman Fleur de force sorted foods
pixie woo style - I'm excited to talk to
her I love live TV what oh and bata but
I met him before yet so it's pretty cool
like we're all gonna big hang out now
what's going hang out no what's up
talk away Co things like for next six
weeks the project me more like we'll
talk about I think we're gonna talk
about a starlet and stuff like that but
we're all gonna work together it's gonna
be pretty exciting you probably you
probably know most of those other
channels I just said there but em we're
gonna work together we're gonna
together like a community but it's kind
of exciting when you're talking to you
because you never really thought to
YouTube when you're looking like that's
a thing oh my god oh my god weird we're
talking about three hours or something
like that but that's awesome so we're
uploading our first video on Thursday on
the side we're first though our team we
have sorted Foods gene Baba pixie to woo
the Starlight Baron tall bot Fleur de
force and the flu TV
that's an awesome team that's an awesome
team
I'm gonna say we're probably gonna win
deliver who are we up against who we up
against oh ah
I was almost on wheezy's team and he
stuck to me me fun chat oh damn channel
yeah yeah we got the best team that's
just gonna happen we're gonna win this
so we're doing the first one on Thursday
which would be awesome oh my god it's so
dark inside even though the curtains are
closed just imagine the darkness out
there redness but darkness to breakfast
so who had him who had today the rainy
day because you won right
poor snow boy I got another stock of M
suitors oh my godness we're all waited
and I thought we're gonna be so we have
to go it's Desco now and that's like
half 11 cats will close in like half an
hour
cuz I get nothing that nothing Oh got
those done by them what are you guys up
to
what do you get something hmm what's
your plan would you plan let's get some
treats on it go oh he's not pointing oh
whoa whoa whoa there whoa there now all
right let me give you these little bad
boys out gets a doobie in come on the
chromeless they get a whole one each
yeah guys all right all right huh you
guys excited for this what is your
favorite takeaway pizza this is my
favorite one
Ristorante pizza parlor practice this
story definitely my favorite I don't
know it's like thin base it's got
spinach and chicken corn so file and
there's always quite a good helping
because some of them are like the worst
ever amount of stuff that's on them and
he pops holiday she's really cute hmm
good summer like I remember June what
went dolt it was over and we got the air
poor day yeah Goodfellas Marty and it
was so funny an open one box was like
one pineapple in like two bits of ham
and then we were joking I was like
they're not all like that and then every
single practically open had like nothing
on them and I was like
you know pepper then ever since these
guys came around dear Ristorante
traditional talent from doctor cords
gone it's always a funniest part so any
comments below of your favorite frozen
pizza brand maybe I'll try it if they
have it what do you guys have in
different countries every country's
frozen pizza right yeah I was waiting
for a sponsor
I'll look at the back of it look each
whale move more huh
they don't kill me though honey honey
pops who makes them calyx so they're
like Sugar Puffs no also in a side note
when is your favorite cereal I think
mica what's this maple pecan and crisp
knees I think is like syrup and pecan
nuts no oh my god
she remembered him from years ago oh
that's we branded that was around when I
was a kid multigrain cereal my arse like
crazy
although arching hold on I think they
came for America yeah my cousin's used
to bring him over first
yeah yeah wondering why we weren't as
Froot Loops your favorite cereal Coco
Pops is always nice I do
I do love my notes like total snore
snoresville but I do like em not not the
boring ones you know the ones I have
like the crunchy lumps in them
are these ins over here that like the
more expensive ones these ones here it's
two granola stuff that's where your very
nice
that's where your boring so yeah give me
some comments
Steve some comments about your general
day in some comments that having a feel
let's call this the comment video okay
let's make this the most common video
I've ever had
I don't know justjust just leave a
comment about anything - hey what's up
I left a son for the last like half an
hour so and nothing smoothly there's
like no keep is a found on walking it's
freezing cold that's the light that's
the grill it's fine can i grill can i
grill a pizza I guess I'm gonna have to
do it on guys ready for the Olympics
he keeps really pretty Olympics one of
the videos we're gonna do right one of
our little secret projects I'll let you
guys you're not gonna put keeper styles
we're gonna do puppy Olympics yeah are
you guys excited huh
it's gonna win I'm just gonna win huh
we're trying to do an ex-lap with
someone else on you cheap another
youtuber that has the Maltese I don't
tell your name yet in case it works but
yeah I'm gonna do it began welcome
Maltese Olympics pretty close popular
picks because that rolls off their butt
em it's gonna be awesome
I just try to think about how we're
gonna do we gotta like shoot the scenes
and when I'm working it never work with
children or animals just so happens I
have an abundance of animal
and a childhood the way I'll be to
children and animals channel leave okay
it's a blast
there's nothing it's not kidding okay
okay its heat Lisa back heat now but you
probably like put it up right no I don't
know
I was sitting upstairs in the last like
30 minutes when I thought I couldn't
smell tasty pizza I'm gonna come
downstairs I'm gonna find out and I've
even turned on you you're on you're
walking around very suspiciously being
here you suspicious are you suspicious
if you get a suspicious mind mind so you
guys give me some suggestions oh wait
this is the Pacific common block forget
it we'll do it another time because this
is the comic book so I wanna use that
fat when everyone would leave a comment
on this vlog but you know take it a nice
comment experience as well flip-flop has
been taken where again I never spend a
lot of time with you guys you guys but
I'll see you in Dublin on Saturday
Saturday come on I know you all saw the
quark one and everyone was so gracious
to come along and give us those two
gifts and stuff like that like it don't
don't feel obligated to do that at all
don't even don't come with gifts and
stuff like that like you know we didn't
know it was gonna happen and I see
people saying oh my god it's so like oh
you've done this I can you stop it like
you know it's like we don't expect
anything from you guys and we're all I
ever really I don't even expect it but
all I ever want from you guys is just to
watch the videos you know and hey you
know what watch them twice send them to
your friends do that kind of stuff you
know that's it like you know
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
