so what we last week
37 and a half this week the winner is
that's like 39 39 holy crap
yeah you gained a lot of weight lately
you're not getting weight though is your
gain in size mass substance it is crazy
that's like well it's almost time to
come out and play huh
I'm gonna come out to you play are we
sticky what's that one but that's not
gonna change is it yes yes it is oh I
thought it was just this big that laughs
well I I think this week of really clone
30 33 33 and 39 that is crazy
that is crazy my goodness like a month
left two months seven weeks could be
less I know let's go back they say what
everyone says you're gonna be late well
we're late for everything so if the only
right and Emilio is late also first
they're just lazy well better not be
late me now so that's how you keep the
pages that was my sister because it's
her birthday today
29 oh my god the end it's the end of the
world or Lenin love it because I can't
know she said she's shameless last year
20 something like I remember that just
getting Myers you're never close like I
remember being back there so young so
freaking life full of dreams and hopes
Oh at 32 oh I'm married and the baby
anyway I was saying it was like oh she's
the last one come on catch up anyway
she's talking about 50% grace like I
read this book it's really good Ness was
actually saying why is the big deal
why is everyone in the world watching
this knows it like the new Twilight or
Harry Potter or something I'm probably
miles off because the way she said it
was like some rich guy who's like really
horrible to his girlfriend or something
or wife and then that was a little scent
but Leah was reading there for everybody
but sounds like leave me a comment if
you're reading that 50% gray thing and
tell me why is it so amazing
or why is it so terrible I'm not really
sure um maybe I'll wait for the movie
because if a book sells that many copies
you could be damned Italy sure they'll
make a movie up they should make a movie
about me they call it oh my god there
you go there's a comedy today if there
was a movie to be made about my life
right I don't know why what would it be
called and don't say like Joel fizz's
life or you know it has to have like you
know it's biography film it's in
Apocrypha I think it is I know what the
films about food but have to give me a
good name for it like and I don't know
you may give me a good name that's
today's comment oh goodness I really
need to get the Dublin event organized
like Viktor is definitely a meal this
Saturday in Dublin possibly around 2
o'clock
definitely in the city center I mean
talk to Don with someone well somewhere
dad I think we were pretty cool to do it
like I'm a member of this particular
institution I think it'll be really cool
but they're just trying to sort out if
they how that like if they've got
somewhere that we can actually use
because space wise and stuff but it is
like temple bar middle of the city so
hopefully like I'm gonna try and sort it
out today so that because I know this
blog that's going up on Tuesday and I
want to give you guys as much notice as
possible to the venue which is the same
as last week for the core code we had
absolutely no idea but my hair cozy we
actually no idea where it was gonna be
to like the last minute
let me just Sarah we're shooting some I
mean it would you plug that in for me
please so yeah we definitely like em def
fucked up all night we wait females and
stuff like that
second oh my god I don't need this too
late you know this this plug right you
know what I got this plug right when I
was in first year in court so when I was
25 I think that's about 25 years old
when I find this particular plug device
I put em that's like for an electrical
cabling so if I put it around who this
look cool oh I've actually kept that
since then I've been using this since
then did nuts
I mean he's nuts since oh and I still
have it it's so funny looking you know
it's so it's so made perfect isn't it
but you couldn't actually like it's your
hair I haven't gone into hair and makeup
yet you know I'm the grip at the moment
down then I'm done I'm entering
lightening and then I'm like the dof DOP
ha ha and then I will move around
do you hair and makeup look at the
measuring things out
it's joking that's not right well you
put this up here as well isn't that nice
thought it was nice okay let's all sit
up right I'm gonna I'm gonna go with the
hair and makeup oh hi hi I am the point
hi so cute so get them lying together is
so cute huh
it's so cute together huh you guys are
so cute together like even gonna know
you feel that's kind of annoying put a
stop to that
my container and a wander or something
oh okay
so jofi has a tasty lunch let me tell
you all about my tasty lunch there was a
bit of a party here last night pizzas a
pizza party and there was some pizza
left from the said pizza party but
Nene's hasn't really got anything salad
Solange sooner you down mm-hmm
plenty green tea
shit my kids anyway chicken in chicken
Kiev's and all the em the garlic stuff
washed out and I have not got around to
cleaning that but um yeah the guy thinks
is the best kind of teacher as I have
established many of occasions we've had
this conversation so many times about
second they beat that ridiculous it's
like second day vlogging Oh everybody's
come here little see it or little being
girl and you guys able to tell um
different like when you look at how is
he now because I just told you everyone
is but are you guys able to tell like
look this is T oh look at his face
can't you tell we'll see yours face with
a painted face huh
this is this is never here this new
Villa you can tell their little faces
you can tell a little faces ah where's
mommy
there's mommy mommy what's human mommy
human mom I know I know what I actually
said where's mom taking it with you and
then see her walk then what are you
ready for left yeah yeah bit I live I'll
do it well obviously we need open air
basically
it denies down here no oh goodness it's
sunny oh my god I can't even look at it
oh yeah mark it wasn't he does tend to
do that but this morning I came down and
I know well actually it wasn't the first
time I came down this morning it was
like another time like the second time I
came down to wash the breakfast dishes
and like this is on the floor the sheet
and it's a fitted sheet and I was like
no you know because you know just in
case it was dirtier than this I started
to pick it up and then I realized it was
too like bodies inside and I was like oh
my god I started like unwrapping and
there's two puppies like trapped in the
probably pulled it down yeah and I think
they were playing thankfully but
like--imagine you know it's scary cuz
it's fitted sheet yeah it Springs
together and you know it was thank you
thank you
always thank you do yeah you notice
something in there do you know there's
something good in there oh I used to
take against a pizza is your honor
reward my son's being here why do you
ruin everything look once can't be like
like new glad looking movies movie why
yeah because it might be jugging rugged
it's not
so we have is that two full days now and
OPP pads huh check that but yeah yeah
now look at this if this is it now for
the summer let's hope this is it now
it's Monday right leave your leave your
bets down below when it's going to rain
I call it like I understand like Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday or put it one
day I don't know you've already seen
that you've already seen that but look
at this like let's let's please clap
that I'm thinking I'm thinking and we
might get a waiver for today but I'm I'm
about 50 percent sure it's probably
gonna rain tomorrow just because of a
pattern you know but wouldn't it be cool
let's take for the week I'll be so happy
leave that leave some comments below of
your bets place your bets folks nice
bouquet of flowers yeah I saw it open I
was go oh my god okay well it was a
puppy there everyone's here everyone's
there I'll take yours look at the
puppies they all want my tuna ball you
want this you want this okay come over
here because I hate this and then it
made some the tiles there you go
they're so cute
so I make my lunch now Joe who's having
pizza afterwards ah um I'm having tuna
sandwich I can't even see the tuna
versus the Sun cuz it's like blended in
for just how much cucumber tomato and
some lettuce well this stuff here
Organic watercraft spinach and rocket
because I need to eat spinach to keep my
iron levels up and I think jovis likes
to eat his lunch up in his study but I
prefer eating downstairs I don't know I
have like I think about anything
upstairs because then you have to bring
stuff down and it's just a messy um also
the only thing I don't like about this
get this mess making here but the only
thing I don't like about these food dr.
petit breads is that they're really hard
to cut I don't know if any of you guys
have noticed if you fought them I know a
lot of you guys awesome
we kind of mentioning them so much and
talking about them all the time they're
really good
the problem is just they don't cut very
well but they always kind of odd or
weird or like top it breaks off I know
oh um let me have an issue get to the
table where I wanted to sit I know
Joseph is brought this off I look at the
pretty flowers my mom gave us so cute
but yeah I totally thought Jeff is gonna
bring off the laundry yeah that's my job
um okay move okay dump eat it on um I
don't like blobs which the puppies look
they chew them up so much put them there
shoot up even more but yeah I just
prefer eating lunch up the table even if
I'm just on my own I don't know why I've
spoken about this before I just prefer
it now makes it feel like it's more than
me
or something so you gonna join me okay
here's the deal zero all right
do I prefer corner jewelry meet up now
at the moment it says 47 going 44 maybe
and 2 invited I'm not sure how do you
get invited
I don't know invite people so like both
those numbers make up like a hundred but
I'm pretty sure that's not gonna happen
but my option is okay the place that was
looking bad is in the dead center of
Temple Bar and you know this isn't
sponsor anything like that I don't like
I have to pay for this and I'm gonna
rent some space because I was looking
like cafes and pubs and all these
different places and I was like you know
I don't like I got lots of offers from
different people but I felt like I
wanted to be in the city center you know
and I feel like I don't mind that I had
to pay for this but I have two options
either pay for like a small room or to
pay for like a large room and then I
think in the small rooms like everyone's
gonna be cramped and stuff like okay
look I'll pay I'll go and I will pay to
have this big room and it said that
capacity of like a hundred people so you
know if you are in the terminal area and
you want to come to our meetup like go
to the Facebook page
you know the link is down below
underneath this video and click going
and if you're not or if you want to know
is 44 maybes just trying to let me know
if you're going and then do come along
with it will be an awesome time like you
know this is probably the last one we're
gonna do one until maybe next year and
next year I definitely wanted to do
something I want to try and do em some
stuff in the u.s. I wanted to meet up in
the UK I'd like to do something in
mainland Europe you know cuz we've done
it like two years in a row in Ireland
and I really want to try and do some
other stuff but if you're in Dublin on
the 21st unsaved my brothers are to be
around 2 o'clock um I'll let you guys
know when it's like at the moment it's
like knives and I hire you know we did
costing and invoicing stuff when we've
seen how much it cost and everything and
I'm like oh my god what I do that I'm
like I think I will but it's going to be
in Tampa bar in city center link
down below I'm gonna talk about in every
single video all this video up to try
and let everybody know that this is
because I've still got a couple of
tweets and people saying like oh I
didn't know you guys ready no Courtney
no but I'm like that's so like
definitely anywhere anywhere in Arlen
come on down to Dublin this Saturday
it'll be an awesome time I love meeting
you guys I love to try and meet as many
of my subscribers and viewers as
possible you know and I just you don't
think it's not gonna cost you guys
anything you just turn up give me a high
five and let's hang out for a while and
it's gonna be awesome fun trust me it
will be awesome fun if it's not awesome
fun come up to me and say jovis I'm not
having an awesome time I will take from
my pocket the pill of Awesome
I know what that is sounds dodgy don't
duck so whatever offers you the pill of
awesome do not take it it'll be uh me Oh
me listen to me it is copy it isn't
walkies but you have to stay quiet cuz
we don't upset the puppies okay guys I'm
ready for walkies what did I say what
did I say they said don't tell the
puppies I'm kinda grateful and is there
God means how much is that doggie in the
window window waggly tail which doggie
are you listen I will tell you my name
Jaime King these words up as I go along
but I don't really know that sir
it's somehow I've made it work for me
today so I go on my walkies walk walk
walk walk geese I go on my walk you get
much you care it's just like so many
like harnesses and leaves and stuff in
here yes I've been seen as one kind of
stand out like I said I like like this
and pray tell pray tell this one this
one this one where is it gone this one
get you a rollercoaster
hallo all right guys let's get your
harnesses honest my goodness
so overgrown feels like I'm walking into
like the mystery forest
listen you probably all the rain we were
in having it's been like you know they
probably haven't even been able to get
out
it's fun since we left yeah as if it may
wait well I don't know whoever whoever
whatever department is looking after
this probably I decided like save the
money put it somewhere else you know
instead of looking after come on Abby
what's new fees new piece he's having a
snippy snippy this wasn't like this last
year yeah it was much nicer it's also
much sunnier come on come on come on
covered okay good do the hokey-pokey
you find the slowpoke oh I feel really
guilty because I'm enjoying the greenery
and they're suffering for it you should
go to like a desert area like a desert
walk with no pollen saying when you
pollen so nice sniff bring the nice no
see if this one is marshy isn't marshy
yet there's there's hints of squelch I'm
hearing slight squelch eNOS no oh God oh
no Cena what have you done just let go
let go
ouch this needs to be some sort of a
path here or nettles Oh where we should
be the puppies here into this sort of
area oh no it's getting wet yeah
Stephanie squelch oh I'm getting kicked
back on squelch
don't know where it's going from kick
fucking swell just one thing but when he
got kickbacks Welch and thinking yeah it
is alright then her where that was
coming from then maybe I'll be is like
spitting on me or something
we will you go into the path and we can
hook up a Koran oh yeah this is all
right still just bring myself never
works though Yankee just throws the
whole scale off yeah the old peepees pp
problems okay it's not that bad
the bees the device to make a little
small one but it looked like it was
ripped apart shredded shredded it like
shreddies they gave Homer the heave-ho
all right you sit down and relax you and
Amelia sit down and I show you this up
boys no that's case one you guys wants
to come by and clean that up
cooking semester to semester I cooked
all day
all right cooked is my pasta I will for
shakers - that cool day I'm never
singing humor today today is bloggers
very musically
last story but a little more II can wait
to get into that what seniors hey pop
with called she's gonna be in today
oh yeah that's me see I think I didn't
watch Sesame Street as the kids why
don't I don't know all the songs you
know one of the songs like I know that
100 the count or em did you do it a
letter
today's there is C oh yeah it's pretty
good we did get all the toys around do I
get all the puppets
you should everyone frightening the
little Muppet Show you guys are so cool
you guys are so cool do I love my
puppies
I love my puppies and I love my doggies
and I love my feet disease but she's not
a fetus anymore is she bring up stinky
feet at the fetus fuck sticky fetus you
knocked me over you got your old fella
belinelli fell over boiling boil boil
boil a more uniformly boiling for Nene's
has them heap fever the fever of the hay
so we've closed out well actually that
doors open but all the other add doors
the windows have been sealed shut
Apollinaire pollen free zone what god
jones excited
oh this is that excited I am I didn't
think I was gonna hurt so mad sorry
so am Breaking Bad season 5 episode I'm
only new to Breaking Bad but we worked
that out well so that it would just end
then a new home will just start oh my
god it's so exciting what's walking oh
my goodness
so that is the highlight of my day
finally a show has returned once I watch
it I will be suitably excited and then
I'll continue watching it then I'll wait
for Dexter to return if you are texting
you get to do it if not I don't know
sorry
order for table number 4
table number 4 oh hi table number 4
tortellini special what extra hay fever
just needs a tissue up there
you didn't care mommy very nice one well
named Nina oh poor latina
I wonder what Amelia have hay fever I
think I was like thank you you're
welcome
you take care of mom now you're here you
take care of mom now you're here hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
