how's the gang how's the gang you guys
still took it out from yesterday you
guys still tuckered out uh-huh
xiety rain has come I'm gonna have to
close the door guys sorry about that
let's get the you gonna bring the toys
in before they get left out don't eat
that everything
mmm so it's gonna cut the grass and
everything that's pipe dream like a
playroom in here oh my goodness every
day rain rain let's put a few key pad
that you guys are inside although
they've just woken up which is a shame
all that stuff from yesterday that
picture is so cool it's so cool I get
all the code stuff oh my god like you
guys were you guys gave way too much
stuff you got a chance yesterday we got
home to kind of like like you know to
open and stuff up or make the cards and
I was like oh my then that's like you
guys didn't have to do any of that like
that's pretty awesome
I'm starving
Sunday I'm tired I'm lazy I feel like
doing nothing somebody just go ahead and
bring forth the munch I'd appreciate
that just waiting for it to munch you
know they're tuckered give me Tucker's
cuz I was like maybe you should bring
them and again when that's raining a
little bringing to the beach
I let them off like to just run into the
sea no it's freezing going through it
turn evening huh you know what Joe it's
annoying right I was saying it yesterday
it's that I'm doTERRA for heating right
you know them anyway is that it's at its
peak if that was most expensive to turn
your heating on journey summer months
and it's cheaper in the winter months
and that's so that people who turn their
heating on more turn the Wigner or not
you know the gas company is like you
know ripping everyone off but in Ireland
this particular summer they must be
making a mint I'm just making a killing
they're already sitting back cuz we got
our gas bill yesterday day before and I
was like oh my god that's huge for a
summer gas bill I was like on that's cuz
you keep putting the heating on you know
Becker's I know oh goodness
and I see sometimes people in the
comments and so say like oh why do you
guys complain about the whitener or if
you blew this up everybody in Ireland
just complains about the weather it's
what we do here it's our thing we're not
leprechauns or pots of gold we're just
people that complain about the weather
that's the Irish culture
yeah I know he's running it for me nice
you need to come and look change your
life forever
I mean assignees Channel 95 almost there
that's the best time you do it I think
that's never gonna happen if you go over
here oh yeah oh yeah who's that
oh if you ever think about having six
dogs watch this is the educational
program there we go everyone's count out
so who made this at the end who was it
that wall it was never there everyone
else like I picked up one at a time
I think he'll drop that first yeah like
a V you just want to like sit yeah we
tried mixing around like putting the to
fasten C at it in the two slow ones and
stuff I think they all enjoy it down
near where he came across 100-person
yeah yeah good talk Oh
yeah yeah and she's like oh my daughter
your daughter as well I was like oh yeah
yeah but I mean why else would I have
six dogs does that be nibbled it someone
huh if someone has some dress the
waiters who ate it so much clothes for a
media just keep telling me and I've
tried that one out keep that one daddy
that one at the top that needs better
well we have a son you can have that one
oh my goodness
look at the amount of stuff in here it
does feel like you look shot sees what
did he do they just like know it should
be gone stroller oh yeah yeah and then
I'm just kind of pull it so is she gonna
do here I was saying nice check this out
also it also works as a fancy accessory
what did it call arm candy yeah yeah
check it out but I get what time is it
oh it's about hippo o'clock okay I'm
pretty stylin you know is it what is it
a horse it's that'd be naughty hippo
yeah I think it don't worry is it a
horsey o'clock no it's ready st. oh my
god you can't have this you can't have
it I know you want it you can't have it
how do you want it well you can't have
it okay
is it oh my eyes flicker no it's not I
thought it was a flick flick flick thing
it's not okay
yeah my god I don't want to have too
much of one have you organized it into
age or months or something and I knew
you would I knew you would have some
sort of a plan like that what do you do
with the clothes after she passes the
age like if she's gonna fly to it off so
fast
so my mom used to do it all ourselves
used to give it to those charity shops
you know what I wouldn't know
oh sure the next one if it happens to be
a girl can probably fit in them
hello my mom over the years did did get
rid of things that I didn't exactly
agree to sometimes you just come home
you know once or twice a year awards up
to be rated her toys I never do it will
be sent off because my mom worked in
Temple Street aside Campbell Street is
am I don't know which a charity shop it
is but uh half your stuff would be all
gone you're like oh oh well I'm over
that I always hoped you take my studio
known form but you never did know it's
nine months I know what we mean Sorento
I hope so
well we gotta go somewhere you need to
go somewhere right you know what you do
which is have a us meet up next year
because it's been two years so we should
have us meet up right in like what's the
sunniest place in the u.s. like Florida
is Hampton California we're gonna go to
California next summer we're gonna have
a meet-up and immediate gonna be wearing
this hat that's why we're going we're
going just because there's no she's
never gonna get Sun in our yeah which is
the mirror Oh New York oh you can flag
the wreck go to LA now from Dublin but
yeah I suppose I forgot about that part
yeah what if you write you go on a
flight with Amelia first and I'll get
the next plane afterwards
you can cry all the right or in sitting
different seats remember I didn't am in
that show
what's that called up all night whether
you're like saying I like all the haters
going on the plane like you know they
get orders a crying baby whose baby is
that
oh it's mine we need to start getting
the bike together we need to start
getting the gold bag together in case
and we weren't prepared
the other two braids over like I know I
said that doesn't think he's our OB said
we're probably gonna be late
she's gonna be late so you guys excited
for the meetup on Saturday I've sent out
a couple of emails I've spoken to some
people on the telly but bring-bring and
trying to organize the space because
like the amount of people I came to the
core plan like I'm like totally like
blown over by the Amanda people that
turn up I just cannot believe that we
make that many people like happy and I
know let's not even like 0.1% but like
when you see like view counts and all
lights they're not real people you know
you don't feel a sense of like oh my god
people liked our show and just like
queues of people coming up and like just
being like I love you show you make me
so happy and I'm just like oh my god
like I was actually in a sense of like I
cannot believe that this is happening
like I I'm just I'm shocked I mean I was
shocked you know I know it's just
something like I'm so excited for mm1
like you know I just like no no no don't
one it'll be like five or six people
probably like it'd help I'm like that
was like an incredible experience you
know thank you guys so much like for
for watching our show and shooting an in
and stuff that's awesome
we have like an endless supply of
cupcakes and biscuits and treats and all
sorts of stuff pretty many stuff you
guys said it's crazy
we're never going to buy anything ever
again I forget all these empty Ernie oh
we don't have to oh I think there's two
over there
ready added am we need to stock up them
worried where do you buy them so it
could be grass oh my goodness oh no I
think it's it the actual tea because I
was like oh my god lemon and honey I
don't grow a lemon and honey did you
ever show you my technique to fixing
this see oh is that fill the steel water
although sometimes when you press it
with the water and jam it back there and
then Bob becomes your uncle let's get
our oh that's me that's been on all day
oh great that's that's gonna be great so
as that is they gonna cut the grass
because M it's getting a bit long and I
was gonna do an ear on and then it
rained and I was gonna do it yesterday
before we went and then I was like ah
I'm so lazy so I didn't bother doing it
so I was like I'm nothing to go and do
it no well yeah I want to say something
right because I don't like dressing so
much like you know comments and stuff
that goes on because I looking important
you know serious important things that
go on which let's be honest it's YouTube
so nothing's ever serious not important
but even the comments guy it's like I
don't mind like I've always said on free
speech and whenever you guys want to say
about us because that is that is your
father like I put myself out here to be
ridiculed and mocked and whatever like
that's perfectly fine but there's other
people who come to watch my videos and
they express their opinion on something
and if you disagree at them like don't
attack other people you know and I just
I noticed something that was going
and I was like that's really mean you
know and like to go to other websites
and get information about people and
then be like spreading it back to them
and as much as you know you feel that
you might be doing the right thing or
you know what you're thinking doing it
is you are victimizing someone and
that's not why people come to watch our
videos you know one I like there's a
sense of camaraderie enough that meetup
you know I felt that sense camaraderie
and everyone was getting along and all
something in common it was a good
positive vibe but it feeling to it you
know and I understand you know people
feel the need to say stuff and you know
what I mean we're disgusting and I'm fat
and ugly and stupid and you know what
that is your right to go and do that I
will inform you that unfortunately that
you know yeah I don't really have any
friends in my life right now and I was
horribly buddy it as a kid physically
and emotionally I come from a broken
home I spent most of my childhood alone
in my room writing poetry and being
depressed you know so when it comes to
comments left on a video it doesn't
really affect me in the slightest
because I have felt real struggle and
hard and hurt in my life so you feel if
you want to continue saying stuff go
right ahead
I know I don't really mind just don't
pick up other people that have come to
the video you know just to enjoy it I'm
want to leave comments cuz I like when
you guys interact you know and leave
comments and I'm liking and favorites
and all that stuff but if you feel if
you if you feel that you know remain
like ah you know I'm watching these
videos and you know remain yeah this is
my full-time job and this is Anna's
full-time job and so for that but you
know what happened if like if it wasn't
a commercial enterprise in a sense we
wouldn't be able to do this more me over
bringing videos maybe feel that strongly
against it don't like the video dislike
the video unfavorite and and just like
you know don't participate in the show
but you know I like when people do
obviously and I like can you guys watch
it and have a good time in all that
button it just it kind of upsets me you
know because I feel a sort of a response
that's why I don't I don't you know say
stuff
because there is a responsibility on my
behalf you know and not to do and I feel
like come on you know when I saw to
happen I was like come on like jumping
all just get along
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
