why are you wiping your hands on my hair
tell she's a towel like my hair yo you
know if they told everyone you're
anything or like oh my god global
warming they shoulda said global raining
because if I heard it was drawable
raining like the Sun is a joke
you can't see it but it's like pouring
rain right now outside pouring summers
yeah I know
so they should have said God you guys
remember last year like we were taking
all these summer walks so I was probably
dying every day oh yeah yeah yeah of
course it is like that's just the way it
is you know this is like Oh global
warming the world's gonna get hotter
it's like doesn't seem too bad you know
you're like global raining it's gonna
rain every day guys like Jesus looks
like everything stopped the rain it's so
terrible room there somewhere oh can I
sit home so I'm gonna make my lunch now
Jose Joseph job is like there's no food
in this it's like yes there is the
market yesterday hello hi we all wake up
Vietnam yeah you're don't hi Fedor Oh
golly
Oh
emergency pee pee pad good boy Oh
excuse you good boy bo crisis averted
it's pouring rain outside so they can't
go outside Phoebe's right now because
they actually spent the whole morning
outside
was nice but now it's just like pissing
it's pissing okay
and look what we had to do we had to get
rid of our front door mat the inside one
it's gone because the puppies kept
peeing on it like okay it wasn't
anything special it was just one of
those like little mats you know they're
cheapo ones you can get them anywhere
but they just kept pissing on it and it
was just like stinking and so I don't
know we're gonna try oh I think Jo just
put an aside actually and in hopes that
it was rain but I think we just got a
new one because it was just gross yep he
put it outside there it is
so um but yeah like I said it's just a
cheapo thing so we can just pick up a
new one but I think I might get one of
those spiky ones that animals hate my
mom has one on her back door and the
cats always jump over it because they
hate it too much and al-abideen I hate
it - they're like afraid of it if you
know the ones I'm talking about they
like really wipe off your shoes really
well but they're usually an outside mat
but I think we need it for the inside of
this house because the puppies won't pee
on that because they don't like it
because it's all kind of spiky oh and I
see a spike I don't like it's not like
needles or anything it's not like
dangerous but it's just uncomfortable
for them so we have this amazing salmon
pate which is in here which we got at
the market we have some cucumber which
I'm gonna have and no put something else
on if I feel the need what's your bet
putting your grinnin
they might just give it that it's that
kind of chlorine I don't know uh-huh and
obviously I'm gonna put it in a in some
bread we also have some market bread
which Joe first probably will have hi
something's on my back I know me they
knew these Carole my top focus no no no
no
I notice today there's a snag in this
top from probably the puppies so are you
gonna clean my cup wait for me
you're gonna organize it more we do that
me think it is yeah look how much bigger
a Theo is then nuvvula he's such a
little fatty all right so look at this
craziness in here oh my god I need to
organize this okay so this is the bread
that I think javis is having on the
market and I like it but good work
better for what I want to have oh my god
this is not gonna work
there's too much stuff in here there's
puppies of my back ow ow oh jeez
and you're like snagging my top the hell
you it's you know buddy were you in the
compost look at your creamy face
okay let's close this over mommy needs
to make one cheese now
beep-beep yum yum yum got some salmon
pate and cucumber and maybe I'll put
some dill that's what I'll do I'll put
some dill in there yes hey um this stuff
is so good and you know what happens
every time
Java's usually gets to ignore me and
okay and he finishes it and I never get
to have any so this time I was like no
way I am I'm eating so I ate I actually
took like a lot of it but that's okay Oh
golly that's a lot okay I didn't know
that much
might taste a little funky
there we go that's Milan now puppies
that's so cute they all looked up look
at their water this this water was
changed this morning I change their
water like twice three times a day this
water was changed this morning it is now
one o'clock look at that sick that is
disgusting it's cuz they get their faces
all dirty out sight and then they drink
water and oh no all the toilets oh
they're all gonna be soaked but yeah
that's what they do they like they drink
their water and their face is getting
there and then it's just disgusting
so puppies for yeah you're gonna help
look at the state of the floor oh my god
you wouldn't know that I mopped
yesterday you're gonna join me for some
lunch okay see Bon Appetit
it's kind of like the Stargate oh yeah
Sam Oh what do you want what is a major
major malfunction what is your major
major malfunction what do you want
you're a greedy one you're a crazy one
they don't know what tell you how crazy
you are
mm oh my goodness leave Sini's alone you
guys are too old for that carry on oh
boy oh boy oh are you gonna have that
yeah I know
could you help me what do I make you do
I've got some good news and I've got
some bad news okay the good news is
there's only bad news
whoa look at that that's seal then
nicely I see it's not better series okay
let's go let's go peepees outside have
fun good luck see obviously good boy
look at him straight over this is a good
business oh sorry
okay yeah you do my waiting for mom come
on mom
my let mommy in
girl went out went in new way I was
looking for her friend oh here he comes
good boy Alby boy he'll be out in the
rain like a trooper huh
I wouldn't even way out there it's cuz I
know this is the obsession
she's depending like she's just kind of
fuzzy everywhere who's your friend
elevate huh where's your brain that are
your friends Nick mix it up turn it over
racy feel crazy
look look look straight over again and
it's just like the tendon like there's
nothing in there for yagi anymore
there's nothing there hey hey hey hey
yeah happy Friday the 13th I was born on
a wedding day the 13th has to be
established established a couple of
blocks back there's a lot of wrongs back
I was coming home from the studio so
that was about a year ago yeah
was it
I feel like there's been a lot of fried
emergencies
yeah yeah maybe there is like well this
is 2012 this is the last year anything
like this the end of the world so I
suppose might as well put all the Friday
desert teams together so ended boat
hulls wipers thank you
thank you for participating look at them
look at them in the magic sensor once
they work if they feel moisture under
window know thou shalt not steal
moisture on my window that's the cool
they had at the start you're like oh
this is really cool like you know they
it's a sense moisture they're like I
sense moisture at your screen and then
you're like nears green its moist
Erica eight that word and moist moist
you've ever made Erica so we're just
like hi moist yeah although you might
sound like a bit of a weirdo you don't
know her
speaking of that what is your word what
is your thing me cotton no Cotton's not
right
Cotton's not right Nora if I if I am a
rayon cotton don't mock me if I'm around
cotton or a touch continent I feel like
it's a lie man no yes it's done I'm
eating it right now it's in my mouth if
you have similar costing issues like me
you'll know what I'm talking about just
like you feel like you're eating it and
then you feel like you're mad right
right
that's how you feel like if I was to
touch cotton what's your thing you do of
it everyone has a thing you must I don't
know whose must have a thing oh I'm
really Stephen had like eyes
Oh eyes yeah like look what contacted my
that freaks you my mom is worried like
she can't even I don't know like she
can't even look at your eyes like I can
I can do I can kind of take my we're
handled work but she's more squeamish
than me had a lot of things feeling so I
feel like I got a bit of her
squeamishness as much yeah but leave me
comments below if you have like a word
like moist or if you have like a theme
like you know choc in the back well
you're not paying or cutlery in a plate
that doesn't bother me at all but cotton
cotton definitely does so maybe some
commandos and that's all that's all see
if we have any similarities and you know
freaks like us out there
hi freak so we've been sitting in this
traffic you've been sitting in this
traffic all the way along here for about
20 minutes right trying to get to do B's
office hope he just calls me right well
the reception's cop is just like oh he
had to do a delivery a complicated
livery so I don't know what it is but
he's only just got back now so it's now
like a quarter to four inch like it'll
be like at least quarter past five
before he can see you and I was like oh
you know no problem that's right I'm
just coming up to the end of the traffic
year to turn into
well the presenters so gonna spin around
head back down his mom says we're gonna
wait there no cuz normally normally
there's cake in mom I know I wasn't
looking anyways yes are you videotaping
why are you're videotaping anyway yeah
we could always see people when they do
that like like full-on turn orange I'm
actually turning around look at me like
what are you
July you should always smile and wave
and somebody's like giving you the
Beatles he's always like hi hi how's it
go hard day is it don't even mean
comments see told you every time you
come here there's always a cake it's
always a cake come here
so Emily and she said relax said what I
mean II I could ride you insane I really
like this because I actually I really
wanted something that said this on it
because I think the yeah wait no I'm
just opening like what are you sure that
I'm doing this opening Thank You Emily I
write your letter and we really
appreciate it
we read it in the cart and then this is
from Jana who looks like this like this
fancy paper from a fancy lady and she
said mama leave her mama and not only
did she send a book which translated the
whole thing every single page is
translated how amazing is that like the
time that went into that wood was I
would have just thought like Amelia
the pages paper it's my favorite color
then you guys remember that comes back
in tonight for it's a potato waffle
totally amazing no Liam let's all go for
a walk okay open the car please open the
card under present arms of Rawls yeah do
you need to say that everybody said
everybody know that although be honest
we don't open all of it because
sometimes is too much and then I'm like
okay we kind of ate an entire video but
and so people actually say not to that
is true it was they do not open it
whatever you do you're so excited for
the arrival of the media and cannot wait
to see he who she looks like who always
thought added a blonde hair sh our skin
and cheekbones and with Jonathan's eyes
and funny bubbly personality did you say
shallows in the night with the door I'll
be the scene and the puppies and music
used in the world I wish you all
invested in me yeah mate you're gonna be
fat parents we hope you can say vlogging
for many years to come we all sit from
Ramallah and Tara
let me see you just check oh my god it's
Rue de la Luna
Ronan Tara thanks bro no Tara let's get
to the good part you can with the guys
I'm careful cuz that's chocolate
okay look this better not be better over
your preferred media okay better your
present from being runner is no no
Jonathan I mean I tell you to be careful
of the doclet emerges don't even rubber
you know what ah and there's little
bloomers thank you so much and therefore
six to nine months which is perfect
because that's a summer at cut and this
for like it's another like present
inside of present you kind of like ship
a present that's all smudge from the
rain I can't see what is a card in the
frontal region uh
this small pets or small pack it was a
small a defiant where is Cobra Canada
I like the ribbon there's a lot
oh I see it I see it I see it Victoria
no that's the that's de address
the Canadians are good at stealing there
oh no it came from a dinosaur
seriously who sends my dinosaur like oh
my god from Olivia Rob Britney page and
jacob west i think West thank you so
much for all you do for your viewers I
look forward to your Davie videos and
I'm gonna cop that's better and put on a
style channel I'm so excited to meet the
baby paper targets for the win
dogs would love to play with that what's
that related to things it's for her
stroller or in a car seat
oh the playthings cutie that's as cutie
and it's from Carter's I don't know what
that is but it's obviously Canadian
because I have it in French as well and
it's zero to three months and there's a
babe and a little onesie like little
vest and a little baby grow this looked
like a baby shower we're having right
now in an actual raining shower you can
read the card okay yeah I know
so Olivia Rob and Jacob when Brittany is
14 pages 12a Jacob is 10 and they are a
family from thank you so much that was
really nice of you
this one comes from Tennessee apparently
in Johnson City TN I think that
Tennessee - kitchen chicken meatballs
I know six of my closest compadres that
will enjoy them yeah was Jackie a nice
Amos here from me I'm Michelle Michael
fate and brownie sir barks-a-lot jenna
johnson immediate antecedent new van new
Thank You Lydia thank you many hours of
laughter you fight for my sister
Michelle and her children Michael 13
fate 8 and I we Jerry videos so much you
watch them as a family every day it's so
hard to find anything these days to
watch together as a family so thank you
so much oh that's so cool they watch it
as a family it's good family look decent
pictures from faith shell they're really
good they Forge open space ships I'm a
fan of the spaceship bombers Anakin
oh it's Star Wars cool I thought it was
me at first actually I'm the new 3d
version of a Star Wars when I was in uni
that came out and we were there I would
enjoy that the university I was in in
Bournemouth cuz I did treat the
animations they were actually doing the
shading for some of these models I can
tell by the way he drew the chin we
replicated that the forces the force is
strong in that way this is what a great
father looks like that's a big big for a
million Super Saiyan mommy 50% daddy
100% fabulous oh we got something from
that place before from Danielle I think
Danielle's Megan I don't know her name
is Danielle and Megan oh yeah is it
making making a James 2006 yeah yeah
that's it yeah we got the same she's in
the friend
no this is from Garanimals like oh it's
got some hockey on it that's so cute huh
what's that like Poppins I think this is
for you
oh really oh it is so cool cuz that's
like I think that's where the baby is
it's got a baby inside of you
that's so good thank you so much I only
have one maternity top oh my God look at
the size of that bad boy of course
Nina's not going to indulge us we got
the results there from our GP because I
rang I was like we're gonna see the OB
you know me
gob huh and he stared at note and again
does not have a UTI so there must be
something that you must have white P or
something that makes always the scans go
off and then they Denzil that makes
always makes always went gone scans off
Luke Luke you know so yeah turns out
she's not so I know they're gonna
midwife's gonna probably do the little
thing again they'd be like oh no she
sending it off so you should be like oh
it was just let them send it off it like
Simon is off or he Nicolas is a he the
capacity Nicolas no cause we were
talking Jill oh we are on time sit
between five and a quarter past
do it do it do it fine Oh
oh my god did you see that moment I said
five it went it clicked over to five
that's incredible
I was just I was just like five and it
kicked over it was so awesome you should
tell me this video up for my me
I am the new Derren Brown Braun Darren
Darren brown for
Brown job is investigate know what is it
what this show called tricking a mind
something in the mind is it something of
the mind that's me javis in the mind
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone
Joley and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
