oh god it's so horrible look at the
weather forecast for Saturday though and
it did say that it was supposed to be
sunny on Saturday long it's market day
age you guys like my t-shirt on when
today leave a comment if you have one of
these
did you it's actually am easily a look
at signs cuz he signed all of them I
know you know and we had a couple left
over just one the leftover ones but if
you have will leave me a comment here
one of the these are limited edition
only how many we sell I can't remember I
can't I cannot remember but it was a
one-time one-time only deal so deal yeah
oh yeah you did you small one I think we
don't get three or four smalls and
they're like two large or something left
over I just wanted a larger ones because
I don't fit in a small because the small
ones were like super small weren't they
yeah yeah they are teeny well maybe I'll
get like a teeny one for media I used to
grow eight maybe that's what we're
vestment just tons of you guys
so again oh can you stop back have
another bite though right
running it grapes melon strawberries
yeah
grates cherries I don't think so okay
the basket
look at the last carrot
okay
Oh get some rocket Anna
right there fruit
she's seeping in enough to last us like
for a week you know a breakfast well
until next Thursday anyways you don't
have to buy it in Tesco anymore the
Tesco food sucks
look what we got guys from Maryland
brown it's like a little pillow for the
a sitting room
it's kind of nice alright so join I'll
get this drunk grapes
this one it looks good
do you want a thing great
one
little grapes are nice - great sir okay
from Tesco actually it's be honest
you're on a melon this thing
huh
perhaps
the melon
is that what it is and somebody small
these are huge so I will just get the
tattoo Madeline and Tesco
Oh watch out it's heavy buy them now you
have to wait a minute up there seems
complicated no no this seems nice YUM
what about
cherry no that's kind of hard to put up
though I think okay come in do you want
do they stop no
a little bit love it love it they're not
like squishy but they're yeah like
they're soft enough Thanks what else
Dooly get fish cake
you got two fish heads
friction I like
yeah
I know
thank you
my god I'm like fortune here the amount
of stuff that we've bought fish cakes
pies not being fresh vegetables salad oh
it's this what are you guys gettin oh
it's just that thing
Naga PI's dead
they're really good though doesn't got
amass a euro each off because they're
close enough and there's two small ones
whose damage
what is it
young Thomas chili hummus yum-yum in a
pitabread
on smell it up place hot rings kind of
stops kinda this is my love isn't there
just under way out just like oh Christ a
big loaf of tomato and basil bread yeah
yeah I think you'll run us over
I didn't okay I thought that would have
been the end of their lives right there
yeah yeah yeah I got a bed yeah I want
to eat that - no I don't eat I don't eat
my pie
yeah do you remember we got them I don't
know it's a franchise or something we
drummer in Turkey does the donkey fair
and the middle class ice cream I thought
it was cold in his pies oh and she was
insecure who is it
excuse me I have some questions about
this alleged una who cooks pies I mean
maybe maybe that's what they do for a
living no I suppose she could if you
went around like from market to market
around the country it was Norton Irish
one day I'm gonna beat you a fella
what are we paying her back Hey not one
of its Scottish there apologies so this
rinds bread the tasty spread in the
world of the center let's flick it over
oh yeah
tomato bread well it's my toe and herb
gunas pies let's check out his pies
because illness seems to be all over the
place core coffee roaster boom is pies
core coffee roaster name is pie the fish
salmon pate and salmon fish cakes
oh yeah fresh spinach spinach spinach
bananas and all the other fruits is soon
there brown bags yep oh and the
nectarine a pillow which is not come
from the market Farrell and brownie
right I'm gonna make my pies oh yes I
the cold cena cena cena no no no no I'm
gonna go get it No
right that's it I'm getting the cone
hi Connie there's Coney everyone's
looking for Coney oh there he is he's
right there how are we doing how we
doing how we doing how we all doing
today huh yeah we all doing today it's
kind of small ones I was I got to the
chicken of mushroom pie is all my
favorite well my favorite Diwali bonds
but chicken ah mushroom eyes are pretty
similar to volleyball arms part of arms
other Kings directors
there's Tina signed the t-shirts Joffe
assign the t-shirt LD and Anna
just a bully
this little bully what are you doing
there Bianca how are you just doing hmm
are you pulling it your mom I saw them I
saw it seeing this where is it
I saw it it's okay look at this look at
this you little so I'm making
spaghetti bolognaise for dinner and
whatever spaghetti here I'm gonna put in
and then foam in some corn mints and
some veggies chopped up for the sauce
cuz I'll be just came down and he needs
to graduate but the puppies are bullying
him as usual
although the angers here these are the
troublemakers neva and he'll yeah I know
she does he has have been annoying
though with Alby and I clean the kitchen
I still need to vacuum though Cena's not
wearing her little um what you call it
her Conan she was wearing it all day
long and then the puppies pulled it off
her and started eating it so that's why
she's not wearing it right now anyways
we had bought fish cakes who actually
bought fish cakes at the market but I
had some veggies that I wanted to use up
done that I knew would go with this she
know she know I know
look at her she's like no
yeah I would never because I'm telling
you it's that the little timer at room
it works yeah we'll be like done I'm
here for you
Ruby you in there are you all anyways so
yeah like I was saying I wanted to make
spaghetti bolognese for the longest time
and we had some bad news you want to use
episode that's a pepper symptom color
tea tomatoes and we bought spinach today
as well any problem is it's like not
baby spinach it's like reals like full
spinach and it looks like this it was
from the farmers market but none
Drummond because I've never actually
cooked that kind of spinach before so I
don't know do I boil it right like I
don't know what the hell supposed to do
with that
so yeah I'm probably gonna have to
pencil it to Google because I was gonna
do that with the fish cakes and I was
like I've never cooked before him so I
just didn't do it I just chickened out
so yeah hopefully this will be a
delicious meal I'm also using this
organic pasta sauce it's organic tomato
and chili seeds of change I've seen
these in like health food shops and
stuff but they just recently started
stocking them in like Tesco and more
mainstream kind of supermarkets so I
don't know I don't even know if I
already believe the whole organic hype
thing cuz like you know if you get
something at your local farmers market
there's no guarantee that it's like it
it's not necessarily organic even though
it might be locally produced so I don't
know if I really believe or like buy
into that whole hype but I do know that
jarred sauces and stuff they're not the
best for you so and there's like nothing
in it it just has you know exactly like
the ingredients that are there like
tomato chili whatever again it doesn't
have any like additives or any
sweeteners or sugars or anything like
that in there so we'll see how it turns
out but this is how it looks so far
actually looks really
it's not a very traditional spaghetti
bolognaise because javis doesn't really
like any Balinese like the you know the
traditional one so I try and make it
like as different as possible plus I
don't really care I just like pasta and
I like any opportunity to eat it so
there you go
and that's what it looks like looks
yummy actually looks really good
okay little friend oh thanks a little
bit please thank you that's fine thanks
you're playing it they scrap spaghetti
all games Spaghettio games Toby you want
a spaghetti oh oh
spaghetti yo gangs Sima gives us video
games you seen them yeah Xena maecenas
don't know how these I don't need to
know it have an index there's like all
the pups are up here spaghetti Oh game
give Xena one Cimiez quick thing to be
quick take it one take it and run don't
go around
mm-hmm are you all getting one yeah his
new be getting one yeah yeah I think
that he's kind of weighted oh good boy
bo don't let the girls steal on your
food huh
they're so cute they're so not so white
anymore to dog me on them
oh look in your face it's going the way
that it sticks on them you know yeah
yeah you gotta like sticks on their nose
on their face in our ears never you
gonna find it in ears later on have you
ever played this video game
oh just like a driving song isn't it
it's feel like I know just write any of
a nighttime driving some new water and
you wrote or something maybe they're
building a new Tesco Oh cupcake list oh
these are so cool
the bobble the eyes do you have one with
six dogs that sort of grown accustomed
to
happy birthday Kyle oh my dear never
have my name Joseph Kyle Kelly and
Joshua oh my god amelia is never gonna
get her name on anything that's the
problem with having one of those kind of
names do you see your name here leave
comments it's any sources in the house
Lauren's Kalin's Ruby's Roche Roche in
this low throaty in Ireland
Ryan is pretty Ryan Kyle Dylan over my
my nem gods are the same it's not the Y
it's the I Lily Thomas own I never have
enough oh he's just did a girl it's your
birthday I'm going she knew Sean that's
we got here
so these are so cute look at the
envelope they're all like oh look to my
hubby let's change some me to you time
you should get me that oh it's a
birthday one Oh what does it mean it
gets where oh my god you know what's
gonna break my heart
we're not gonna break my heart quit you
know like I'm Valentine's Day or
something pushes in like play school or
whatever and she makes like a
Valentine's Day card you know for me and
if you like you know like a drawing like
in crayon or something like that like to
dot love Melia really all spelt wrong
and she'll hand it to me cuz it aligns
oh my god it's so cool I have to get the
r2d2 up dude so we just had a bit of a
chinwag with the folks over at Meucci
and big project coming up a couple I
think there's like seven or eight
youtubers getting together to do this
think I'll invade invade London for the
Olympics so it's gonna start I think
it's starting next week over in the
Starlight it's going to be so make sure
to check that out I'm not gonna say too
much about it until it launches but I'm
seems like a pretty cool project yeah I
hate when I can't tell you guys about
cool projects and then you feel like
really babe you know like so does the
thing and then the things gonna be
incredible but I can't tell you about
the thing so yeah alright - puppy my
name is Xiao Hong I'm friends with Joe
satchel oh my god she's so cool oh is
oh well hello my name is Bert um for
journey
does anyone over Ernest hello Ernie
Ernie okay but okey that's good enough
for me
hmm cookies on a sometime Street meter
is going to have all the Barbies isn't
she she's one especially Hey look
Barbies got opposable arms yeah never
had opposable arms yeah I learned like
Ariel I saw Ariel that's not Erin well
they're different but yeah like normal
hands of drummers Cindy yeah my sister
I'd love the Cindy's did she did Sydney
get canceled or she gone now I don't
know I think maybe like Amy oh my god
she's probably fit into that there we go
five euros clothes sorted nice look
that's more that's Barbie that's what
she looks like oh yeah she's cute as a
button only available at Tesco no yeah
no Frank
that's a weird on is a new one
is this Nikki huh Nikolas and me who's
Emmy is a me like a new thing eat it
what does this one do
if you hadn't oh yeah this Barbie oh
yeah that looks like Emma yeah yeah yeah
maybe it's a fringe or something
who's Paul Frank it's Paul Frank the
monkey designer that monkey turn account
one week I would what if you get both of
them right and then we just try late the
doll and then replace it with the adorne
I like this girl
yeah I like her - I like her lipstick
she lipstick lipstick her makeup
hers is way more dramatic you should do
a tutorial on that one and then a
tutorial on that one her eyes as well
look at her eyes yeah Oh Barbie skipper
Stacie Chelsea we need to get a Chelsea
yeah Jesse Chelsea's a nice name I like
the name Chelsea mm-hmm wait - we could
do we could just get that one right and
then just try out the doll and then put
that though there oh this is worse
yesterday Neil no it's a pity that one
should make the cut
yeah what is that I'd be afraid my
childhood actually drink that their
hacker Octonauts so I just realized that
this is the last video before the cork
meet up because what we're shooting
tomorrow is gonna go up on Saturday at
six which is the meetup will be over
then and you may have actually gone home
and cooked that episode hopefully haha
so if you guys are attending don't
forget it's on Saturday so far like it
sounds like there's like 50 people or
something going I was like holy crap I
was thinking like you know like last
you're like 15 20 people I guess we've
got a little bit none of us thinking
like oh my god it's gonna fit in not in
coffee if 50 people gonna turn up maybe
it'll rain and only half the people will
turn up or something like that I don't
know it's so nice if not and coffee to
do it like so em if you do come like buy
a coffee or something or buy a water or
a doughnut or something you know thank
you for letting me use your venue
because if 50 people turn up that sounds
like we're gonna take over the whole
cafe
oh goodness this is like a test run for
the Dublin point it'll be better than a
double of mine that's our thing is we
connect so I hope to see you guys there
hope that I do hope to see you guys cuz
it's kinda cool I really enjoy when I
get to meet you guys in real life and I
turn the camera off more like yeah so
this one we like okay uh-huh
no and if you have you guys t-shirt you
should wear it
you should totally wear it if you guys
that I'm wanting like so much people
treat me like am I really want to I hope
I get a picture itself with you I won't
remember that okay but you do like don't
feel free like come in and just and and
vlog it if you have a youtube channel
feel free to vlog loads of your meet-up
and your experience of going there and
meeting us and stuff and put it on your
channel and like video response to the
meetup one or just like tweet the video
to me and I will watch I'll watch any
videos of anyone's experience and our
meters because that's kind of cool when
you see different perception and what
you guys were thinking and hey
afterwards you know like that geophys
guy he's really different or like oh my
god
more of that I love him so much less of
there he's kidding
yeah that's pretty much it me not going
to meet up which I suppose is like quite
a lot of you sorry
hopefully um when I reach a million
subscribers I will fly around the world
and I'll meet you all right Oh be nice
to my dad and I'll see you later
hopefully good night hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
