what why do you know it's loose Tito
it's definite don't cry about it let's
say you're talking unless you having a
loose tooth what having three children
friends can be a very very tiring
l'affaire either the older kids wake the
baby or the baby wakes the older kids or
the older kids wait the parents and
parents wake baby and baby winked adults
and adults like the kids and the kids
wakes mahom and the dad get no sleep you
may have seen in a recent vlog we got
ourselves a new mattress let me
introduce you to temp your mattresses
they're very tasty
Tempe offers a range of products such as
mattresses and pillows and beds and
they're all made from NASA's unique
memory foam
temper has many pressure relieving
products all scientifically created to
help your comfort when sleeping or
travel and they are consistently
evolving to help find your perfect thick
look
doesn't he look very comfortable
doesn't it look like he's having the
perfect
Mara love the story friends sleep is
power a good night's sleep can make a
huge difference in your everyday life
and you will be ready to take on the
challenges that TRO it you speaking of
challenges
I know challenge we have placed a
collection of tennis balls here now I
want you guys to jump on the spot and
see if the tennis balls can stay there
do not knock over two tennis balls no
way no your chopping - no you can't jump
on the tennis balls but oh my goodness
don't land on the tennis balls that's
incredible it doesn't show you how much
II like must absorb all the movement
hello and welcome to the vlog it's like
five o'clock who has picnics today those
of Amelia apparently has lost two teeth
he'll try and find him roomie that's us
wrong with her today she's very sad
today
why where are you quiet let me see let
me see let me see
Sean which one which one the little one
at the front is the one that's leaning
forward yeah let's see is the one
looking forward yeah hello this is it oh
my goodness Amelia that means your that
means that me instead the tooth fairy
your very first Tooth Fairy experience
is about to happen you're gonna get a
coin and you're a big girl now
oh he's very emotional okay well you
can't see it moving I don't think you
open the door okay let's go can you see
can you see now you're not to fiddle
with ah oh oh my goodness let me see
that that is properly these guys that's
properties I feel I fall I deal with it
moving yeah I saw that one year today
and I was thinking oh no her tea comb
crooked I was like you're getting Betty
feet oh my goodness Amelia that means
you're becoming a big girl now you are
not to sit in bed and pick out us okay
it does feel a while very I know you're
very excited about the fact that you
might have lost your first EP or not to
pick it out yeah the way it comes out
itself at my command during breakfast in
my kind
monka measuring pudding I lost that you
once when I had a strawberry goodness a
little baby girl I wanted to tell them
when I when it when we see my teeth
coming out coming create damage other
than my team and then and yet when it
comes out I can put it in a new pillow
for mommy you're not a baby anymore
maybe it's not what you wanted today was
it Howie is a sore yeah tell mommy it's
okay how mom you'll always be our baby
hmm
you made mommy a mummy hmm you're the
first one you're excited ninety-four
supposed to supposed to be big Tish
remember when that baby that was a
little it was a little one you know what
might help
do you know what might actually help
okay here to kill him is you know might
help if you want to help oh are they
making dinner
Oh help me build some it is though it's
wobbly
let's see it's you so wait a second wait
a second Alessia just grew a two-tier
today for the first time and you have
just lost the two for the first time
Eduardo was such a little middle child
he's not gains nor lost eat what's
happening look at his top it matches her
eyes is so cute blue it's good in you
what what you're gonna get your big girl
teeth now you alright why does it were
no Amelia has a loose tooth
it's a wobbly loose tooth so what when
it when it's gonna fall out and then
she's the fairies gonna come in the
tooth fairy's gonna come in alright have
your dinner folks you want a wobbly toot
right go get a piece of string and meet
me in the bathroom I'll give you a
wobbly - alright myself and Amelia we're
gonna prank Eduardo we're gonna hide in
his box who maybe will do - mommy maybe
we'll do it - mommy - Otto sketch sketch
hi nothing to see here I was building
your chef then I got distracted
but look at this lovely chair it's like
a princess chair well I did I took it
out I have to put all these little
struts in and everything it took me
hours
I saw the package it was and it was
chair shape right yeah that's me nice oh
you need all you need now is a house
that go put it in so I can hide in the
box
so we're gonna post Amelia to iron them
we're gonna do the 24-hour post
challenge thing Eduardo come here come
here come here look at this box
don't jump until I tell you look inside
this box jump surprise where is the jump
when I say when I say hello you jump up
okay
okay wait wait there okay guys you ready
I'm gonna go get Erica let's hope this
isn't as much of a fail as the last one
Erica come here luck Amelia want to show
you something she's in here I don't know
where they are
hello where are the kids
no they were supposed to bed scare you
alright let's try what oh my let's try
with oh my back in last chance guys okay
you have to jump up okay you have to
jump up and go surprised okay let's do a
practice one let's do a practice one
okay I'm gonna come in and pretend to be
oh my and you jump up and say surprise
ok ready 3 2 1 go thumbs it on it's just
like that both of you like that a big
surprise okay you ready let's go get all
my stay cool third time lucky
I'm lucky oh ma Amelia wants to show you
something
bring the baby hmm don't drop the baby
okay guys you ready now big bit when you
hear Alma's voice when you hear a coming
in you jump up and say surprise okay
ready
we have big plans didn't work out as
planned did you get afraid
hello there princess hello there
princess
princess cutie pie huh she's so much
expressions yeah you so many expressions
and they've got teeth and you look
really good in denim and white you look
really cool hmm you cool dude
are you a cool dude are you huh look at
these little babies are they just
amazing huh oh my goodness they're so
cute and they're so cute when they're
babies and they're so funny when they
grow up
oh look at her making babies as great
lads or the bay okay infant stage is
tricky but they're so cute yeah
yeah I'm putting Alessia to bed
so let's have you play good it's still
fun here we go that's why I'm gonna pick
you first we'll go again
and then ya gonna punch me
wash is going on here boys and girls you
were scared of a blue label on your
mattress do you know what time it is
show me the blue label
show me the blue label yeah Walter show
me the blue label now into your room yes
now good night go to cloud nine
good night because you have to go to
cloud nine
look a friend of CBeebies friend there
what I will make it spin good night
Eduardo are you okay well I can't get it
right now but I'll get it for you in a
few minutes okay Mike dinner's getting
cold I love you good night
there's not only something with that
bunch arrival at least we made it
oh I think cracked a little down
wait a mile down here okay what would it
be made for us now pasta and chicken no
we'll see in life worked there Parmesan
me mate parmesan Ian what what people
want me to vlog it they want to see how
you how you do your thing it's just
great taking a chair
I'm gonna need to make this whole garden
it's a probably awake running around
upstairs at least the doors closed the
dogs are locked inside it's nice and
peaceful right here
you like those own pasta
