we're gonna go through the menus getting
seen on her last checkup to make sure
she's healing well and then we can go to
the groomers now I was we didn't want to
stand about this for last few days
because we noticed it and then I know
people would start saying things in the
comments and then we get all pyrite in
stupid but this is new a lot
did a day when I I was playing with
nuvvula I noticed she has a lump a
little lump in her stomach here it's
like a little bumpy thing right here but
it's like it's too big to be just like a
little bump you know so I left for a few
days see what happens but it's still
here now so I know what that means in
worst case scenario but I'm kind of so I
was like look bring and seen in today to
get her wound check and when were there
um I'm just gonna ask the best thing or
bringing a new new burrow with me I'm
just gonna ask the vets like you look
can you just have a feel of that and
tell me is that something really nasty
and bad you ordered the good side to it
is that if it is a growth or a tumor or
something like and they're so young that
we caught it like super early and then
they should just be able to maybe cut it
out and hopefully it doesn't go anywhere
now like hopefully I am just being
stupid and paranoid and hopefully it's
just like I don't know like an air
bubble or they just say like oh it's
normal or something but I checked the
rest of the dogs and no one else has it
only her and it's just like a little
bump here you're right what are you
doing mad so am hope everything's okay
worry about my little friends is and
it's dead shows though you know because
they are now and what are they 13 weeks
13 or 14 weeks which means that that
wasn't here that wasn't there like a
week or two ago and that's when usually
the dogs giving away is around the
12-week mark so we're actually giving
her away a 12-week mark we would have
never spotted that that's kind of scary
isn't it
but um you're here now you're part of
our family
we're gonna take care of you so um let's
hope it's nothing I'm gonna trade I'm
like they're all like Jesus cuddle up
with her mom
I'm that's so cute you sister yeah I
wonder what Gators are taking at home
are they kind of like Deb I don't even
notice like we're giving you away the
land ones well kind of yeah yeah well
beyond can see oh yeah Nevaeh's right
like where's my cuddle buddy
mmm good boy buddy little buddy
good buddy hope it's not a bad thing
nice I know
fingers crossed and then you have to pee
in your bottle mm-hmm
we have to drop that up for analyzing
and then we have to get to the groomers
for half 12 but we have to get home and
pick up all the puppies because I asked
Deirdre that's never been my asteroid
gia would you mind just like clipping
the eyes and the puppies and shaving the
little bumps a tiny little bit like
we're not gonna leave him there just
just to kind of help at the Poupon
situation and the old being able to see
situation that is handy and then we're
going to get heavy haircuts guys for me
skinheads Mussina is like so oh my god
match to the bone yeah she's gonna it's
gonna be tight
number one when she was feeding or not
feeding nursing him yeah yeah the hair
got her mess like okay but it wasn't
that bad cuz we weren't brushing at all
this time
there's a car next door is it allowed to
be there no so like I don't like present
but I think it's more am when when they
were in the the kennel thing I think you
know we didn't get burst for a week and
then that got matted on top of her
existing mats yes but also the fact that
we were not allowed to bring Zenon to
the groomers for until she had week
until she'd win the puppies and then
when she finally did the floods happened
would push the back another two weeks
going cuz I like keeping them like you
know short and now finally we're
bringing in to the groomers nothing is
going to stop us
of course we're coming repairing your
black oh no the womb has although I
don't know you guys have ever needed a
dog but it's kind of scary because it
opens the wound is like open it's glued
in the inside but the thing is like oh
like oh my god let's rent a sign is
gonna fall out it's okay it's her belly
but never closed and like fat got true
or something so it's really nice this
wound oh no which means we probably
can't bring it to the groomers no I'm
gonna gasps come here is that okay to do
it what he's probably gonna say you're
such a group mister mm-hmm she could
return it we're turning into the wall
did a bowl boys walk she's a real good
girl huh
he's a good girl huh and she's also fine
like the Lord
yeah yeah and it's you'd like her
bellybutton or was it a bilko cord
retracting hey pressure you know what's
really funny is I used to hate going to
the vets like you guys know like this
time was it last year yeah last year or
like a little before a little over a
year ago I was just like and even up
until a few months ago I hated it like I
hate going to that but now because we've
been going so much it's just kind of
like normal to me and it's like I'm used
to it now so I don't get nervous anymore
of course like we are kind of a little
bit like apprehensive about the whole
tumor things but I think it's more about
that vet you know I'm sorry yeah guys
keep Conor yeah yeah I just think he's
he's just cool like you know and the way
he treats the animals and it just really
cumin and you know and that's what it's
all about same reason we use this
groomers you know they're dry it's that
she's a really good whore with the
animals and that's all I really matters
to me is the help with the Apple yeah
yeah I guess you know like he didn't
like walk in and be like all we to make
an appointment at 70 euros consultation
and open a room he just took the pup and
was like oh yeah
spot going to be available for hernia
but plus he always gives us a discount
because we have sticks even when there
were two I mean he would probably give
us a little bit off but now it's like he
gives us like a really good dish because
if he doesn't only care about its profit
line he talks about the animals you
realize we want to own six dogs fine
then I'm gonna try and help you guys so
that you guys can care for the dog ya
know he's really nice and you can see
it's like every time we come in he's
like hey Jonathan yeah I don't think he
knows my name cuz I think Jonathan is
Darren is the owner
yeah I'll I know I like what people know
your name yeah and then like you know
it's not only I like when it's not it's
not only us or it's not only you it's
like when somebody else comes in and
he's going hey Tom or whatever and he's
like all Harry the kids and stuff like
he knows and he always asked me how how
I'm doing and like you know he asks me
about baby and stuff like it's you know
yet to know you and you develop like
relationship with somebody and then you
just like it's the same with you know if
we found
a better vet or nothing that he's proud
but you know what I mean like if you
found a better that or like a better
groomer or something I really wouldn't
go because I don't have the same
seriously
the hairs I don't have the same
relationship with those people exactly
like the groomers groomer in court
this guy was like a two-month waiting
list and it cost like 70 or 80 euros per
dog and soap and I just think I would
you stop and like and then we've heard
rumors that he gets out to the animals
he caged them he tried to like em sedate
an animal because he was grumpy it's
like oh no no I'm not putting my dog in
the pageant good and getting like I know
and like scream that and share that I
like albian scene I like dear drugs
she's always really nice to them she's
always really happy and I always ask her
I'm like you know cuz I'll be like kind
of he gets cross with me
notice I'm grooming him because I have
to brush him and stuff and he has to be
with me and I can't get to like
underneath like his tummy area oh my god
he like won't let you freaks out his
paws and stuff
so weird winds or anything so I asked
her once I was like does I'll be ever
like to snap at you or like get like
upset with you or anything and she was
like no never and then she was like as
much as you would if somebody was kind
of yank at and not out of your hair like
it hurts you know so I really liked her
she does not we don't went forgive them
like a summer cut and poppy doesn't like
coffee so they don't know what's going
on we should kill that little boy yeah I
think one of their first grooming very
good come on you just give me okay well
you're gonna brush them yeah that's a
plan
yeah you guys that's gonna take a little
longer
no was like the sleep did you know huh
maybe able to see I'll be an attack them
faster Oh to do and this is new van yeah
I'm here I'm so cute are they
monkeys yeah they're so cute but they're
so high-maintenance
no awesome yeah yeah the next when the
first one the first thing I was behind
and she's the wildest was his beauty
poor they see all too is underneath and
stuff it gets like fluffy you know all
this I took those two little things
hanging off as well no it's joking this
is all dogs yeah I think two doggies got
sick I think was Nevaeh and Bianca me
they it's okay it's okay it's all on the
blanket though thank goodness we just
need to get a permanent dog blanket I
think for back there because otherwise
it's gonna be destroyed cuz the puppies
are still so small that they're not used
to driving driving around yet but hey no
no no don't eat it don't eat it don't
eat it it's yucky it's yucky little girl
Chiaki here's dad to rescue you - bye -
they went into the ark the two quiet
ones now all got choked a new police
multiples I know this one's for me mmm
delish
least it's just dry dog food yeah so you
just wait Latrese and we'll put it back
nibbles
okely-dokely time to go sorta at the
meetup location
than you we were thinking an arching
coffee but now we're kind of talking
about it and we're thinking of Italy you
know that restaurant cafe a place that
we really like it's on IRA Plunkett yeah
yeah it's at the top follow Franken
Street so it's directly in town but I'm
gonna drop into them now and have a
little chinwag as they say might be off
the chin and I see what they yes if they
think the laurels Center for adults
continuing education so we're gonna go
pop into them now and then have a little
chat
might get ourselves a little buffalo
mozzarella caprese where we're at it
two birds one stone it's so funny when
you look around and everyone's like Oh
green for me so funny look at everyone's
like wearing hats and scarves and coats
and suffer at like you know and it's
like it's the summer guys what happens
in the summer time summer time go kid
the bike of a bum fight I should get my
old motorbike back put a melee on the
back to the need and railroad cars get
the Scratchy's Scratchy's
it's a great achievement in you get your
knee down gonna in the corner do you
feel special give me comment if you know
what I'm talking about
you always look at the damn I like knee
scratches and they're like worn down and
it's here like the nod to like yeah oh
yeah right so I guess that's summer
wedding we were experiencing just
moments ago what is over wedding weather
sorry is over summer is over guys it was
something for 10 minutes and it was
really nice times ended Carly the
windows open the intercom on and now
sadly it's over
maybe when we leave it it'll be sunny
again yeah probably that's how it works
that is how it works yo I leave your
post read oh yeah that last time was a
special and you don t have it here
anymore but this is pretty close to it
isn't it pretty much ready for shoot Oh
oh wait you put the prosciutto on it you
actually kind of gone ahead and made it
exactly what it used to be yeah I think
that see that your toes YUM so good
nice Bon Appetit what's wrong jealous
join us right now yeah that's really
small it's only got like 21 chairs in
there and I was like I think there's
like so I think it's like 35 people or
something have said on Facebook that
they're going Plus us with Aragon
probably a couple of stragglers in
something so I'm like will pop down to
nosh and coffee and see I just think
that it's bigger yeah I'm serious
yeah upstairs not she got VX I don't
want anyone standing well I don't want
to stand we decide we're gonna go to
nosh and coffee thank you
Saturday and three o'clock anywhere here
pick a spot except for that corner one
apparently it's pretty bad
so that's your net that's it that's the
place there by the way so three o'clock
on cider like that's really cool he's
also gonna email you up for the ends
just gonna email me on cuz like do some
deals
there's corporate deals yeah you know so
I get people like yeah I think you're
like on coffee and muffins yeah man yeah
and water and stuff you know just so
like if you're coming and you're part of
it get your hook you up with some
sometimes he deals
I better updates on Facebook page now I
want these guys so much look at the
little does Bert and Ernie and who's
that there oh my god oh that's like a
toy pram right yeah that's like oh my
god it's so tiny
I'd like break my back bending over all
the time questioning it along this is
really like the shop in Sorrento we
should totally get her into Sesame
Street I know we should like buy like a
back catalogue it says mean she's gone
yeah yeah what channel is that on we
should buy like tote we should burn like
a couple of seasons on one on DVD and we
can pay two it will force her into it
yeah it is I have no idea I never
watched Sesame Street
because Irish people I was promised go
look at the Sun now it's summer again do
you think by the time you get to the
cars will be raining
everything will be something right take
off your jacket yeah take off your
jacket take the Sun cream and I'm like
oh quickly grab your umbrella look at
these ones haven't read this reporter
like peach and raspberry the only ones I
had teaching raspberries always won do
you need here um yeah yeah
others it's not little thing at the bike
oh is that is that the one yet let's run
out looks different I think you shall
have it in the thing no two for two
although that's trying to trick into
buying more stuff teenage damage
alright so I've updated the page and
here it is look so Saturday 14th of July
at 3 o'clock in noshing coffee on
carries lane cork Saturday or four teams
three o'clock blah blah blah blah
flushing coffee so if you do not know
how to get here just go to the event
page which can be found at the bottom of
this video click in the description
doobly-doo noshing coffee you can just
go view map we can go get directions and
something will happen here I'm hoping
something will happen here yep
and then it'll basically tell you look
that's where it is there and you can
just basically put in wherever you are
and then you know where you are and then
you know watch it on your phone and
stuff like that but like interested
Supercenter as you can see it's here
opera lane I think Patrick's students
around here somewhere is it a sec Loki
is Patrick Street which everyone knows
an opera Lane is right here somewhere
you know it's super central so you
should devil definitely be able to find
it so I'm super excited to see you all
are you super excited it's cool that
it's all sorted now I love your eyes you
can see everyone's faces Pegasus what
that's that's Bianca oh my god it's not
it's do I thought it was teo first and I
was like that's tio and then I was like
wait a second I think he got his ears
though yours yours yeah
did you have your see oh yeah your ears
were so full of wax oh no really
yeah oh no what's that
but you can see now it's not better you
know it huh yeah
I'm getting a lot of special treat with
me he has can't wait to collect that
Albion Cena it kind of looks so cool all
shaven shaven and shorn haha you're mine
the house lads how are you Josh
just pure Amazon creature oh my god guys
he was like a month or something my
diary's mocking I hear nothing
now that you're here Oh to each kill you
I see to the girl hey hey hey somebody
somebody had there you go yeah let's go
let's go find a snail fine that was now
oh so excited to see ibn Sina you
what's the right name here
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey you my tail baby boy my little
baby boy there's me so cute isn't he so
cute
Portuguese Nina wasn't able to get a
haircut today oh poor Tina wasn't too
much pain I think visit this morning she
that she got stitches they just get
stitches
hello she is yeah but yeah poor little
things own and did you to say she was
too upset so we got a booked in for next
week so we're gonna get her cut neck see
but I'll be got cut he's amazing looks
so cute 3 so cute oh me oh me oh you
okay I'll be okay
djenka join you in the timeout room okay
in you pop let's go let's go this is the
timeout room guys
this is where it be enco goes when she's
bold and you pop in stay in there not
crap so cool it doesn't work though it
does right footage she's gone quiet cuz
you hear me open and close the door
she knew oh this is eco boy Alvey
coxey's he says you go boy have you got
C's or the valve you one
what is having lunch
I'll be 130 or e 18 what you want you
should go up to bed Z knees poor thing
Oh heaven Oh Jeanne macaroon bars we
really didn't want to have to do this
but food
she's been good now no okay I'll leave
it here with you oh this is what's gonna
happen see now okay if you pick out your
stitches I'm gonna have to put this on
you and you do not like this remember
this Albie Oh little tell you why Albie
Albie Ali uh-huh pretty boy would you
want it teenies dope a jam
good girl hey yo put our doughnut in you
saw it here folks
she's got it you know what's best oh
yeah yeah just happened you know
Oh Oh see Me's we love you we love you
too mr. Feeny's hey no no funny can sure
my avid and he goes like you know
watching calories enough I'm gonna be a
robot familiar you know I took one
parent you know oh my daddy why are you
so slimming fit and strong because I
don't have spoonfuls of cream like your
mommy dad here amazin if I can love you
can you have some decree me no thank you
for putting a microt we had knock on ty
Wiki Nicolas Nicolas
where is Nicolas have you seen little
Nikolas have you seen little Nikolas his
cat and his own in fact but we call him
Nikolas everybody have you seen Nick
call us have you seen Nick call us we
hate you my finger will give you give
you a little much Martin la Mancha Shh
boy that may be oh here we go
and for all right smosh smosh okay
secrets hello oh Rijo can you tell me
where my friend Nicholas is hello audio
hello Alby hello Xena I will bring you
outside soon as I can sit in height
where is Nicole last where's Nicholas
where is Nate oh there's a snail on the
roof where the hell is Nicholas okay
I can't figure that you say there
this is excuse me cut loose
I miss Nicholas no girl first nickel no
no no I just cannot find Nicholas oh my
god do you guys ever see these plants
I'll wait a second I don't know is this
the ones yeah oh my god right look at
this I used to get these I was a kid all
the time right cuz look all our other
hello my name is plenty 19 I eat plenty
sir
what's going on with you me Archie Dale
not much to be honest
I'm just kind of hanging around again
air father wind is not stale oh dear dad
don't get fun here
you know what I'm talking about me yeah
kill you this much nay you see the
garden is a king of beauty beauty you
got to respect the beauty of us okay
thanks thanks thanks for coming here hey
hey you havin fun in the garden are you
he's so cute I love his little haircut
he's got like the cutest little haircut
are you actually trying to pee on that
are you gonna try and pianist I um no no
not me ten rubles is the only Boo Boo's
he's doing the boop-boop boop-boop
boop-boop boop-boop
he's Terry Pappas here's my boo-boos
my first ad is gonna pop oh no pushing
oh oh let's go and see amazing day let's
go check on me Annie
whoa look at the size of this thing now
you've actually turned into like a
full-on little bush that's so cool we
like to just pick out the little weeds
and stuff down Oh what happened here oh
look I think the Longhorn white I hit
office it's okay though
it's so cool isn't it wha we'll never
forget you meanie cuz your mini just a
little bit of gardening here if you want
any other weeds caught oh my god guys
did you see that a frog
oh my God look oh my god doc a little
baby frog that is a coolest thing ever
look it's a little baby frog just like
standing in my hand oh my god that is so
cool
hi hi there little guy
what's your name huh oh my god is that
Minnie do you mean email
hi Minnie is that so cool how random was
that just our little frog walking around
oh my god you guys
thumb this video up thumb this video up
for froggy and leave me some names down
below oh my god that is so Carl hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
