good morning and welcome it's a Monday
morning for you guys
Oh Monday morning is the worst although
wait a second well Monday morning in the
u.s. it's a Monday evening in Ireland so
I'm hoping there's been good for you
guys I'm addicted to see there's haha I
remember years ago I used to eat these
all the time and I got so oh my god
they're so tasty cuz they were at least
like what is it I don't know what it is
but it's like it's a really pleasant
experience because they're so like I
don't know we're leaving or something so
I mean it feels better today which is
good not like she doesn't she's not
better but um she feels an improvement
you know that's the way I always wager
like you know what's your improvement I
was improving about like 20 percent per
day so it took me like this Manheim and
I'm still like I'm probably like this is
probably the end now of it you know but
um ninis is definitely getting better
each day on the traffic here I forgot
cuz it's a church nearby and if you
don't get out for the church traffic you
get continent so I'm gonna go up to
Tesco and get to sort of supplies for
the day I keep meaning to watch the car
and then I hear the weather's gonna be
bad so I don't bother because I don't
know watch the car and then fight in the
car it's gonna be all like messed up
again it straight away and I'll be like
gosh darn it why don't I even bother
washing the car
he's already tasty you should definitely
check these out if you do eat them
what's your favorite what's your flavor
what's prema I like the I'm prone to
strawberry you can get to like em my
flavors they're like to see everyone you
know in the kind of like no no frills
the Ryanair ones they're okay you know
they're they're no frills they're
exactly as it says on the tin you can
get the black turn one to try fine a
little harsh yourself with strawberry
ones her dish picked absolutely young
all right I got any destroyed me a list
I don't know I just function better when
she has me a shopping list I find it
easier just to follow the list if I
enter if I if she just says I'll get
these few things like then I'm not
following the list it's a lot difficult
you know you end up straining you end up
down an aisle and say you're not so what
do you tune down that aisle and all of a
sudden you got your charlie full of
stuff that you don't even what whereas
if you get yourself a list it's just so
much easier because I'm like just like
yeah I just I'm a robot I'm a robot I
just follow my list like a woman all
right this is what we're after
I'm probably doing it strawberries
because it's a sundae
so stuck one all right if your pants in
the bag
I'm gonna try and run if I do this so
that I work around a certain order
so I am nope not having to backtrack
which is probably impossible what is
this stuff
I don't know how Anna knows all that
stuff but she just seems naturally like
no loads information maybe she asked her
mom and stuff if someone just gave okay
I know now but before we even got
pregnant liked it so much it's like
telling me this I'd be like follow our
milk first infant milk Infinite Jest
toddler milk extra hungry milk alright
because I wasn't raising this time I
only had am i had the boob I was brought
up on the boob so maybe that's why I
don't know for them it's pretty
complicated
what is
yeah
No is it a fake time as a reverse
trouser
I just can't see dove someone yeah
I just cannot see it
well that sucks so I've already failed
food do hunt hmm kick Oh Josie is
Oh No maybe they're not making anymore
this is not gonna be happy happy and
this stuff here no summer glow is the
difference
deep care so for gradual normal to dark
no not the dark
bingo
Kathy wasn't on the list but just
remember
I'll run with it but it's too good the
deal in it
with people's hunger left that's it
I have the Chiefs
and as all is never go shopping around
finding one of these because it's always
needed and I think that's it pretty much
what's your IQ camera dog Tokyo people
having milk strawberries see how much
phosphorus right another list I'd be
wandering in there for hours
insert cash or select please insert your
code into the chip and pin device oh
crap
no just realize we have no bags in here
well this is annoying
I wanna get home now it's quitting it by
first
puppies plenty of time to cause some
sort of a disruption in my life
well done Joe fee all right let's get
some coffee and they go top that on they
go join a cuppa probably not thanks
you're a little bit better it's gonna
happen
Cornelius very sorry for you
anyway I'll take over for the pregnancy
okay give me that just unhatched take
off 8-month prego okay Wow
which is making today for the guy yeah
eight months prank guys my god that
sound like what's after eight nine oh
nine months that's it that's it then I'm
gonna bah bah bah bah bah it's so scary
the closer you get to it because like
you start taking like oh my god like you
hear you know your story but different
things going wrong and you know a friend
of ours just recently into the tragedy
and it's like can you start getting more
and more like scared you know and we're
going to our GP I'm one day I never go
into our OB on Friday yeah you know
we're constantly aiming for next month
like all the time but still like I think
you just being sick as well it sucks
like you know and the tiredness and for
these are your feelings but everything's
gonna be okay you're gonna be a trooper
you're gonna push that hang out one two
three do it so what you really like
you'd be a coffee can induce labor we're
water broke right you into so many
stories that there's so many wires tales
but they call it like just made-up stuff
like that it's like it's like if you
listen to all of it you've driven insane
alright for the fourth day in a row 15
in a row
Joe fees going salmon from Holland
mozzarella from I have absolutely no
idea where does this mozzarella come
from yeah all right I don't believe it
and that's it no idea oh yeah Italy and
where did he doctorates cars come from
Honor these aren't doctor clubs free dr.
food doctor London all right London
Holland and Italy that's why I'm having
for lunch
Oh mommy came over with cinnamon buttons
for me that was nice you're sick you
know what we're all under the weather
right because like the whiners above us
so Roger Federer's go away I said
numeration win no just gonna be fun to
seeing everyone at home you know no from
Ireland should win what somebody get
your tennis racket out I'll enter next
year sure when I fill in Wimbledon that
was good I think that was an English guy
who was in the final in the film oh but
that was made up oh do you see one will
do but that's good so this is day five I
think five of being sick and it sucks I
hate being sick so I'm going to the
doctor tomorrow
dank is talking to me right now
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow and
then we're going to our OB on Friday so
yeah cuz I have this like chesty cough
as well as like this cold that just is
not going away and it seems like none of
the drugs I'm taking our working because
they're not like you know they're not
the ones that I'm used to
Java's gets to take these which have a
thousand mg and these are the ones that
I'm gonna have to take and they only
have 500 dr. we drove up one too
that should be enough okay so I take
like three of them a day and it's just
not doing it doesn't
to be doing anything because usually
I'll be better by now
so we tried because we're trying to
train the puppies obviously that's a P I
try it and they're doing so well
they're like only how well do they know
14 weeks I think 13 or 14 weeks it I
can't thank forgetting and already
they're primarily peeing outside like
when the weather's nice obviously the
door is open and they can go outside but
I feel good boy today we made this
little like we did this little test and
we did not put a pea pod tamp down he
just had the door open because it was
kind of well wasn't nice today it was
not raining now it is raining so we had
the door open all day long and we had no
PB pad so that was the rules like you
know if the door is open and the garden
is there for them I'm very disposable
then we won't put a PP bad dad and
nobody peed inside nobody
they all peed and pooped and whatever
outside so that was amazing especially
for how young they are and then they
have a little nap we close the door it's
getting kind of cold and we closed the
doors for like a couple of hours and we
put a pv pad down which beyond cast one
and there's only one only one pp so that
is very good
hey there somebody was like asking me on
Kevin was a Facebook or Twitter how do I
tell them apart just it's the same way
it's like how do parents tell their kids
the power like they're twins apart or
like they're like I don't know anything
like that you just always if you're the
owner or like the parent or whatever
it's obvious but to others maybe not but
it's just because we are so familiar
with them Sophia was obviously the boy
so he has a little extra something
underneath him
that is to tell us that he is boy but if
you can't
from that because you can't obviously
just pick him up all the time that's
what we used to do and they're really
small
he's the biggest you can tell he's a boy
versus them because he's just big and
chubby and he looks like a boy you know
I don't know he does to us anyways then
new glasses smallest one she also has
one apricot ear
Nevaeh my ears are back now so you can't
even see
Nevaeh has two apricot ears which are
always like really Flopsy she's so cute
and she looks the most like algae and
then Bianca has an underbite I think
it's not under my turn all the way no an
underbite is hurt hurt yeah her bottom
jaw is kind of like slightly like this
it's so cute yeah you probably can't
tell now but she does have one and she
just has a very distinctive face and
she's the loudest as well see that's new
buddies right there cuz she's so cute as
well so yeah they are super good so I'm
gonna make dinner now because it's
almost seven o'clock
so which one is it
veggies always go off because there's
just not enough people to cook for we
always buy too much like this needs to
go
but I keep using little bits of it
hoping that I can salvage some of it so
it can it needs to go though okay so I'm
gonna do
I'm hoping this pepper is alright that's
why I'm doing them I'm saying - he does
because I know this pepper is gonna go
off if I don't so I got some whole-grain
oh these aren't the ones wholemeal
tortillas but that's not the one I was
talking about are in this crazy cupboard
which I hate so much because it's always
just like full oh yeah I can see them
back there but I'm gonna have to switch
this off because I won't be able to end
in my two hands oh these are really good
by the way in case you're wondering I
thought yesterday they are so good they
have raisins in them oh my god and they
actually taste like apple pie let me
okay so what's going on guys so that the
he does are cooking well what's gonna go
inside it is cooking so I have some fake
chickens some peppers and we're gonna
add the sauce later and then I have the
tortillas in there they are need to go
oh woe is that oh is that the Oh what is
that is that hot you have to be careful
and that's about it it's very easy so
now we're gonna set the table do you
guys wanna help me set the table
they hate when we eat here because they
can't reach too late well they can't
reach the coffee table either but here
it's harder for them to bake so they
don't really pretty clearly like when we
eat it
the kitchen table because so high up it
can see food but mommy and daddy prefer
eating near because they don't get their
food stolen I hate like scene out for
example Yoona is tall enough to reach
the coffee table plus I prefer eating at
the kitchen table anyway better I like
it when we have kids or trucks will
definitely eat at the kitchen table but
it's just so like you know when there's
only two of you it's so easy to just
like you know eat in front of the TV or
just like to be more casual but I
definitely think it's nice to just like
take the time to eat at the kitchen
table so let me know what you did
growing up like did you eat at the
kitchen table we always did my parents
always made a point go like how many
times or a mealtime was like family time
and I think it's a good thing let me
know what you think I think it's
important
oh my goodness it smells so good
thanks a bunch thanks a bunch bunch a
bunch of munchy I love a good bunch of a
bunch so I do what a big name Oh appeal
yeah the least I could do Nene's excuse
me excuse me wild herd lols young nobody
get you some water near a bottle the
allocated Bartoli 'im so I have Federer
won the golf where I actually were
thinking like I was saying on Twitter I
was like oh Wonderland anyone because I
think was in 1937 oh I know it's not
golfing in 1937 a Fred Ward I'm use like
the last time someone from
United Kingdom or Scotland or Wales or
arlynn anyone I thought like you from UK
actually one so I would be the big deal
if he had one but a turnaround for hard
for hardened pursue rule one so at the
end of that dream hello Andy's from the
Scotland so which is kind of like the
Marlins because we raced in there so we
kind of could have said like well you
know but um that dream that dream is
over
I'm to the Olympics next month it's next
month right next month oh you guys watch
the Olympics I have to be honest I
probably won't know I'm not really good
I don't like watching sport I love like
participating in sports but I've never
really been interested in actually
sitting there and watching it you know
it's not as much fun as deep Oh buddy
Oh bad day life goes on that's the way
they wait Oh blow blow blow blow blow
oh I'll be an amazing song with me he'll
be Alberto ah
the dog is wet while the dogs face wet
but my dog is the passes away just
talking that is all right but this is
the way my left this is Darwin yeah look
at this special offer of one-year-old
big rolls star anymore because this dude
like the fit roll man
come on Abbi do you want stay here
whoa whoa Albie life is that a focus
this is so awesome
this is the show all right
hey it's not pausing how awesome so this
is a show and which is recorded a couple
of months ago remember we were doing
stuff a while ago with a skeleton crew
well they film this and they were
telling us about this it's actually they
filmed this in the same place that were
actually gonna be given Burt it's in the
same Maternity Hospital which is really
cool so we're actually gonna see exactly
the place and that's so cool
like we'll see the rooms we'll see
everything excuse you excuse you hmm how
are you it's so cool like how often you
actually get to see like a reality shot
and what it is a document you have a
show in the maternity hospital with the
midwives and everything that you're
going to see in a month time because
we're eight months today which means
that in one month time what oh yeah I'm
kind of sad that better but yeah but
we're nine months in eight more in the
more than one for nine months it's just
like you never know and once time huh we
can actually put this thing to use are
you excited
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because they are whooping
