I had to get up really early this
morning because somebody kicked me out
of the bedroom didn't know what means
well hate your life do you love me
mm-hmm I think when you're pregnant you
have two superpowers that's a rib that
my sister said you have superpowers of
super hearing and only thing here is my
horrible they sound like and then steam
and algae and everything so Nina's not
getting any sleep so I decided I'm gonna
leave and leave me needs to go to sleep
I'm gonna go play with the doggies or
nothing remain I'm sip have a lamp
absolutely these also see this here okay
somebody's got problems with this okay
every time I look at her she's stuck up
your nose right and what happened last
night why did it leave me these in your
hand the entire room smells that stuff
like the whole bag just yeah so vile of
it it's kind of cool though like what
like meth addict I suppose watching
Breaking Bad too much but I envelop
Asakusa go you let's call it but if you
give it too much of a sniff it gets your
brain okay LM zip ahh
I never even easy okay guys come on
again here the puppies going crazy
let's close this over no one runs
upstairs
Oh out of two excitedness oh goodness no
were you in the mud again did you find a
little muddy spot did you did you find a
little muddy spot huh
I think everyone found a little muddy
spot you have to go straight to bed
after this we're gonna beat this thing
ninis you and I all of us together we're
all we're all a big family group hug Oh
goop hug what's wrong we're all a big
family together uh-huh
we're gonna get through this I'm gonna
get through this I'm gonna get gonna get
oh yeah
boy you mutt let's make good boy feel it
sometimes you just hear that
randomly down here like here where's
that red squeaky toy oh my god you hear
that all the time being sweet and then
randomly you hear that all right did you
get seen on her drug let me get the tea
Irish I had extra team change stuck in
my head
Nora Amelia comes yeah two days later
Dexter's back oh nice nice you should
just like yeah yeah she better not be
late oh my god already end the sister
walked in remember
he was out in the church and then and he
was with it did tree what's the guy's
name
no that was that was the Trinity Trinity
was the season before and you remember
he was about to do it and she walked in
it was like she's too good she's too
good of a cop he's a saint breaking by
the DEA brother-in-law I think he's
actually a really good talk you know
that's how you're like oh my god like he
is so good and then walking keep
sabotaging him it's like oh my god you
were so good your job jeez
gee wait watch watch
good girl oh there's more good girl yeah
gorillas then you might start seeing
like eight dogs eight puppies the tongue
PFF that's the side effects of the drugs
yeah I think she's okay now she doesn't
seem to be a she's paying a lot more
she's fully okay okay okay all right I'm
gonna cut the grass because um it seems
to be sunny although I did read in the
news this morning
that there's like loads of floods in the
UK and stuff so that storm is probably
on its way over here so they're trying
to cut the grass I will find Washington
car because it is so muddy I've every
bad don't need and because I'm over it
I'm over to hump now I've mine broke
last night is there some embers yeah
Roddy Doyle snappers he says a turkey or
a baby that's just sounds got it no like
there's the one I'm sorry I heard
something
if those ones taken maybe was you guys
you're gonna defeat it defeat the
monster hmm you see the scrapper
you gotta leave when you have a leaf on
their face
get this done
I'm all
is the bravest puppy
you stay here
I'm not afraid of more
and what else we ready
everyone else is run away or
Yankee as always the bravest in a bunch
and all done doesn't that really nice
nice and clean
Jeffy's gardened coffees manicured
garden not studied Yaffe likes it nice
to meet you he liked it hmm see guys I
just think the puppies prepared as well
gazecki
isn't that easier to run around in huh
isn't that better huh isn't that better
yes it is hmm
good you can bring all your toys back
out now if you want enjoy the Sun before
the storm comes and washes all the fun
away look at this painting it is such a
little troublemaker
so he's trying to get a taste out Holly
I'll be hold your hand huh you're gonna
leave me alone you're such a bully
Bianca put it loudly huh what allow me
hmm this house first okay mm-hmm so I
was thinking and I have like you had a
freaky talked up and in a couple of days
because I was being sick um I always say
so I didn't make an item eight
go ahead and make one for my smells so
pineapple banana and grapes and yogurt
is what we're gonna go with we use our
magic law and yeah mm-hmm but she's not
magical device yes the magical device
this thing is the best thing in the
world ever whoever invented this is a
genie off the tee all right let's check
the little head off this thing can I
just break it off myself ah I can't no I
can't
okay well I pray need two hands that's
the problem
yeah meatball a little trick though
afterwards is if you get through a bit
you know the empty bit and just sort of
school
yep chicken pineapple juice just I don't
know why because you feel like I'm kind
of wasting it because it's so there's so
much kind of left and then I'm just
gonna pour at the end the end of the
garden in the compost and let it
fertilize the plants look it's kind of
cool isn't it comes a little bits like
that okay cool there we go chunks of
tasty pineapple and banana basically
you're telling me the Flies are buzzing
around you did they know something
described as the Flies are buzzing
around me oh no that's not flying I'll
find him just listen ever usually go
from one room to the next
Oh something
chasing flies in the quite a difficult
task
maybe he left right here
okay okay I'm gonna open this bad boy
off okay is the doubles it's doubles and
open this bad boy off we're gonna learn
it man I'll put it back down when he
goes fly away home fly away home fly go
to your home go to your home happy
gilmore go home did you see that - pop
music - oh it's just you and I fly it's
just you and I'm there's only one man oh
my god that works did oh my god I knew
guys tying my hair was insane I have
like a things in it Saturday
your dad was that I did it they did it
um grapes bananas and pineapples
hence absent miss natural probiotic
just dumped a little add-on and this is
so yummy almost it's all gone mint or
over here carry on carry on honey I
apologize mm-hmm I have nothing here for
you see nice miss Dumpty stuff yeah
put this back in the fridge for another
day good uptight I think these are the
kind of things that I'm I think that if
we are like I wouldn't be pushed and
given ourselves a scene I obviously see
nonsense a media and said they're like
chocolate and sweets and stuff and I
like things like this like you know I'm
like when I was younger any money so we
never had any sweets or chocolate or
treats or biscuits even nothing like
that so like when we used to go to the
cinema when I say cinema I mean like
summer summer project which is like
summer camp I think Americans called
summer camp I call it summer project I
think people are called a summer project
we would go like and it have like fake
wheelin and you know a big TV with a VHS
cassette in it play like I don't know
like an The Goonies or Indiana Jones or
something that we get like down like
kitchen paper and we fill it with
raisins you know and then we go to the
cinema
and we just did their eat raisins like
well we watch movies on the TV well yeah
like I know nowadays it's sad it's
deafening it's different and change but
I would try and raise Amelia as best as
I could
I'm just like fruits and raisins and
stuff like that because if she develops
a taste or did candy and she'll always
want the candy and so she would cry
until I get pretty caffeine's I don't
want to do that so I didn't mean any
harm so I'll be playing with the cookies
can I be plain you guys screaming I'll
be you guys cake Madhavi have you
painted the puppies I see yeah mm-hmm
they're all playing together it's so
nice and sunny so sick and second soupy
and sick where's your labs if I just
made you
don't let go cause if you go cold you
could die the equipment you've got
nothing Charlotte I know but you just
have to keep sleeping Nina steep your
way that seems a little bit dry in there
give him a blast I know she's crazy
my back textbook ATP chipper ticks back
P my friend on Bebo poppies yeah the
puppies are Bebo I'll be insane to have
Facebook yang be Hank is a bieber baby
you are stunner yo gets maybe use a
whitening toothpaste I've seen it's just
like dropped another hmm you're so cute
Oh midday punch think I'm gonna go with
the fish the food the fish in the pho
I'll try to make it alright this is what
this is a joke he has what about just
like put it all together like this and
you just like eat it
stop cute there's no key thing is the
afternoon
let's go sunny outside I thought it was
that and world sperm coming to got that
wrong engine around in the garden
lounging around in the garden I'll be
you guys gonna join us oh did you bring
me oh is this for me thank so much for
that thanks so much for bringing that to
me
socks and slippers
I'll be come on come on
no miss he's sitting in the middle
is up kid
and this cute office
it's so awesome couldn't you just play
the Molly
oh no puppies hey lil puppy
don't that off no this is not a excuse
to eat my hair is my hair
so I'm still sick
I feel so miserable I'm like my ears are
all blocked up I can't hear properly
my throat's really sore I keep coughing
I have this horrible cough that just
started Kenan today it's like pretty
gross
it's like a really chesty cough yucky um
my nose is all stuffed up so I can't
smell anything
and I keep my nose all the time oh my
head hurts as well not right now but yep
I'm definitely sick so Joe Vissing he's
kind of he's just like over I think I
think this is probably the last day of
him being sick it's day four now so I'm
hoping tomorrow will be like I won't be
better right tomorrow I know I won't but
I'm hoping tomorrow will be the last day
and then Monday it's a new week I can
start fresh they had so many videos
planned and so much stuff planned to do
that's always the way in them know it's
just so inconvenient so I'm cooking
dinner I'm making mashed sweet potato
peas and there's some veggie sauces in
there they're new they have I know man
he'll all green from the compost they
keep getting into the compost oh you're
so bold you're such a bold girl no
you're not though
yeah I've got some veggie sauces in
there which can you see them yeah there
we go so that's what we're having for
dinner
isn't that right here oh come here
she's so cuddly she's like the cuddliest
one she was when she picked up and
cuddled she stole ical be like that and
she loves Albie shavings alby's her best
friend buddy
not yet anyways maybe one day maybe one
day she comes pretty well thank you so
much new man
so we are gonna set the table now and
all the puppies are in the garden it's
been a really nice day and I missed it
it was like such a waste I just basic
except most of the day and I felt so
disappointed because like this is the
kind of day it was waiting for us like
summer long no it's here and I couldn't
even enjoy it
memory please accent me yeah Simon area
mom okay that's are you gonna step he'll
be sent stable yep she's gonna lie here
and sleep there you go so this is new
Villa well if you've never met him
before it's okay she's the smallest one
say hi new Belize I got her new believe
cuz I don't know
she's small so I feel like I don't know
I put an s on the end of her name but
she's so cute she is the most tentative
soft just like really gentle and cute
well you're not the most acute cuz
you're almost cute but she's very quiet
very tentative she just she doesn't like
she sleeps most of more than her
brothers and sisters oh my God look
they're looking at each other through
the glass can you see that it's Theo and
Bianca they're like not understanding
how this is happening see he starts
barking he's so funny
it's just being gay hmm anyways ever
since I can remember I wanted I really
wanted a white dog that I could call
nouveau cuz I really liked that name
claritin Italian but then only got Albie
whom he was a voice but couldn't do that
because it ends with me
you know it's a girl's name and then
what he doing you playing right here and
then we had Cena and I just really like
the names - Cena
so right so I picked that one so the
hidden we had puppies I was like okay I
know that I need to name one nuvvula and
at the vets they called her in Ebola
because they don't understand
he's like viola or something no right
but she is so cute I think he's she's
also the vets favorite cuz the vet liked
her so new holiday I hate yet I try and
pick each of them up every single day
and give them all like a little bit of
attention on their own because I think
it's really important and somebody asked
me on forms from they were like you're
not worried about it like when Amelia
comes in having six dogs which work it's
gonna be but honest answer is no like we
brought these puppies into the world
because we wanted more puppies Oh
which is something that I think we both
forget we never expected it to be this
many but we specifically didn't get Alby
or seen unneutered because we wanted
them to have puppies then it just wasn't
happening and then the second time ran
bad that happened and then we got five
but we didn't expect it to me this money
because we were always told no like one
or two puppies is usually the litter of
a Maltese so we always wanted them
Jonathan and I are both dog people so
I'm not worried I think it's gonna be
really fun um picking up to six dogs and
a baby it's gonna be a lot of fun and I
love living out
and even though it's stressful sometimes
it's not already stressful because it's
like I don't know it's all worth it
they're so cute look at them look at new
Villa days that's another thing another
good thing about this sickness is that
um I haven't run makeup in like four
days so my skin is probably better than
it ever has to be because I have moving
putting loads of product on it that
right it's that way you like this is the
only reason I'm letting you flick me so
much oh
Sassy's are done hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
