hey you camera hey can I have that
please thank you appreciate that I
appreciate that
come on outside
I've died outside let's go I tell
everyone get doggies no seams walking a
little funny I'm gonna give her pain
medication and then I've got to take
Cena to the vet SEALs I'll be gelatin
that's Bastille I feel a little better
today
I feel terrible this morning sound
terrible this morning but I'm just kind
of got all the work itself out of the
way back to bed and I feel better now
hey Yankee you having a nice time
morning just wanted to uh for series
what series
we added that seen it yeah
Cantus doing this yes kicking around no
one else no one else just seen this do
eat it good girl okay cure CDs yeah
that's gonna make you feel much better
it's gonna make you feel much better
okay
I'm gonna have some more my Norway's
special this is the nicest diamond in
the world
I'm mozzarella which you probably
wouldn't see a lot together but um it's
not really anything else like your
pretty hands gotta like both more not
salmonids and ones Ozzy's pretty much
add everything else because you know
today's the markets on today I wanted to
go to what we're gonna go he's on a
little adventure you me you gonna stay
here my mommy my mom take care of Mommy
thank you it's not the same I promise
you this is probably got me nervous
though thinking like well if you can
tell me a quick wound check wound check
you make a list of supplies and when we
get back we'll go again will it up
seeing off though
okay
I've got to quit my foot so I haven't
worn in a long time
socks but because of the fact that I
have a blue or something I'm gonna wear
socks and I'm going to earn my runners
which have been not to pieces no no I
want to put these on okay okay you know
we need to do here we need to bring the
puppies in here because this is too
difficult
okay can we go inside inside
don't nothing don't worry about anything
don't worry about anything
okay I was a trick oh okay see these put
you down to help my chick here okay
but I won't put you down with the crazy
pictures okay thank you thank you they
all fell for it by you are you smarter
than everyone else huh hey you smarter
than everyone else in your Papa no no no
no come on alright see you later guys no
okay what what what are you doing here
yeah got I totally beat you guys mm-hmm
I thought I'd beat them but isn't all
seen these no no there's Alby Natsu this
is a very difficult task please mommy
away I don't want seen this run up okay
we are doing this so I gotta at the
front door and then I realized Bianca
got the front door as well
running across the road I was like oh my
god there's not many just not traffic
where we are like there's never any cars
go by but I was like yeah yeah
she's such a little escape artist oh my
goodness so she's the first puppy to get
outside was Bianca which she wasn't
loved like purposely got outside but she
got outside ha ha I see these yummy huh
you and me another them job adventure
she's probably gonna be like freaking
out thinking that this is like exactly
the same thing that happened last time
oh my goodness
I feel so up Bougainville what am
I going
oh yeah never got that sometimes you
just like you total I got me chef you
decide what where am I going
why how am i doing I cannot remember
okay
where didn't I tell you it only take a
minute huh
let me take a minute we're already on
the way home yeah I'm gonna go home now
that's it you passed you passed the test
huh
you wound was perfect she said she said
you're such a good girl as well you said
you were a good girl
oh did you really good they did they all
it's nice comments I said get well soon
zina said poor little zina huh poor
little simi sucks looks so we're gonna
go back here on Tuesday which we have
them booked in for the groomers she's
dead look I just want to check her on
Tuesday just to make sure every step
Coolio and then I thought you can go
straight to the groomers so I was like
oh crap I have to book them for Tuesday
so the trying goes to the vets
in the morning beforehand and then she
gives us the okay because I really need
to get some cut she's like what are you
talking about so fine I was like you
don't know there's nothing you lose
she's a minute huh you want D or e 8t s
g8 chicas no no we started saying and we
got the T yours and the dog started
figuring out what that meant I think
that you have to keep changing it you
know cuz like if you say like I remember
when I was a kid whenever my mom wanted
to say something she'd always speak at
escuela because we wouldn't understand
you know otherwise if she said things in
the right words that we in English we
don't understand what she meant but then
we all started to figure out what that
was then she saying that on not to
compare with new ways of saying things
it's not kind of funny though if the
trait so mean there like if you want to
go get some like biscuits I don't know
hey Nana or go to the shop or I don't
know it's saying those key words that I
mean actually don't I got to show you
guys I remember actually caught this on
video but if I'm ever upstairs in the
studio or I'm working away right
and I'm like all got to go and I pick up
my keys the puppies go insane when they
and the keys like it'll be all silent in
the house not a creature starts stirring
not even a Maltese next thing you know
I'll actually touch the keys and they'll
just go mental and every time I do it
I'm like I gotta get this on video
this is so funny that they realized you
know they're so smart SM or T or T their
faces a garden turned into a yoga carton
central unique new dirt for you you're
so cute alright better go before I guess
cuz I have already run out of energy I
need a smaller energy I used to get the
best and now I'm like racks again so I
better go oh do I mention to you there's
a full box there cuz these are the
pregnancy one so I've never used these
uh-huh cuz I need to bite em said to me
and I can't buy two packets Olympus's
the ball in our you're not I more than
like I think it's a thousand milligrams
of paracetamol and the ones I want are a
thousand there's another one in there so
she can't exceed 40 right okay
which is kind of really annoying you
know but you can just go from one shop
to the next to the next to the next but
it says I don't know what I'm gonna go
down over the entire scene at all she
wants it anyway
alright you keep them distracted I'm
getting out of here
that's the internet huh like a
vegetables craziest thing I've ever had
so they're making a film about the life
of Jimi Hendrix
and they're using music from the Beatles
and they are using any songs the Jimi
Hendrix recorded himself is that not the
stupidest thing you have ever heard
imagine making a film about the life of
somebody and the reason we're making a
film is because the person is going like
is it you know I mean there's a rock
legend yet they're not using any of his
music who came up with that plan whose
idea was that
but you're making it let's make a film
about Britney Spears okay but let's use
music from I don't know
Beyonce although yeah it's good similar
style actually it's exactly what it is
it's like wait that makes no sense and
also generally snow since you know it's
not fair
so two words are like sick little dogs
right for the last few days look at this
sunshine lollipop papa that's unfair
this the good waiter was waiting for us
to get sick that is so unfair
we are done I know this isn't on the
list but I'm pretty sure we're at a
puppy food our dog cage there's no harm
in just buying it anyway because we're
always seem to be out of public this I
look 500 caps there's the caffeine
that's crazy
we go oh blackened max kolonko phone
calls
all the maxims by don't want frightened
ah lemon bingo Sheilah Kast it's anybody
see
what's making it up there the one and I
can take a look those are the boring
ones and the end here uh this is my one
oh my god
party and don't even look at me don't
even speak to me I went like I went oh
it all went wrong you know just kind of
sick and stuff and you've no energy and
you just I am so forgetful oh my god the
worst thing I hit I think was I actually
walked like the entire car park and I
couldn't remember but a light for the
car was oh I got the headache I couldn't
figure it out and I'm so like dehydrated
and sweaty and sick and stuff you know
and I'm just lying where's the car and
turned out it was like right at the
front then dashed and broke that can
move your back there's a problem
assistance needed I was like I will
murder you but I don't have the energy
to my video so please just of it oh man
very drab and dreary dr drew Breeland we
should live in Drupal and the ones
wasn't go forward rumor and go for
Drupal Reuben sure I'm looking for Tito
I was kind of jelly and I've noticed
that lately I think it's at the process
of becoming a parent is it's becoming
apparent
oh my god did you get that job you just
made that was so funny oh my god I was
like the funniest joke I've ever heard
in my life becoming a parent because
becoming a parent I'm becoming a parent
happens when you get all like drained of
life doesn't become a little bit
delusional and you tend to laugh a lot
you say crazy things but anyhow where
was I well this Honey knows about was it
the prior car park or is the broken
checkout auto something else
however where was though I got for a
second there a second I thought so the
cars we're going up but they're all
turning but they're all coming straight
for me and I was like said this is how
it ends jofi well at least I've logged
it I even got like muddy faces are you
guys up to 3G you're filthy
here bill T oh yeah so you know when you
put the kids into the trolley well those
who lose a dime one of the odds he was
he was like getting milk or something
out but he's playing with his gait he
was like playing around I was like I
can't wait to do that you know let me
get to like I don't know
always have like the little friends the
play will of course becomes a teenager
and probably hates me
but hope it's not that point it's gonna
be so cool you know scary and cool but
it's actually the what do you do when
both parents are sick like obviously I'm
like I'm not bad at what I suppose
Nene's pregnant too but like what do you
do it's like it's like John still needs
to be cared for and all that kind of
stuff that's must be tough well done
mothers out there who have had children
okay I implore you my bananas deploy oh
this is my life now just drink lenses
I drink lips I'm also going to eat a box
and mr. Kipling's I heard though if
anything if you drink a box alums call
them play max Renn I need a box and mr.
Kipling French fancies it should cure
anything any ailment you have can be
cured this is the end of my life life as
you know it is over
show's over ah that's rough
goodness I'm just I haven't looked at a
teacher I haven't done anything I just
feel like I've disappeared off the
planet of the world do you guys miss me
you should tweet me tweet me that you
miss me that'll make me feel better that
would be nice
okay a nice thing to do let's be like
jofi it's not the same when Lu miss you
come back to us daily that maybe I'll
find estranged and we're gonna find my
strain right about now that's a good
question though
if you get a cold does that mean Amelia
has a cold I mean it's kind of first
cold she's not affected like yeah hmm
Erica and Momma Stivers just came over
Erica got an honours in her piano check
it out
pool a bus full of us Ricky's ice tissue
all shredded up here mommy can okay
finding anything the teachers we keep
finding and eating the dishes maybe next
a bucket day maybe he wants to get
booger booger you bugger
hey little booger wanna cook it in a
buggy oh and I can even buggy hype Shh
mm-hmm I'll be high-fives it the best
kind of high-fives
I think Erica's gonna come today meet up
I was just talking to her about that
because those are her friends watch the
show right from school the core
community on after mm1 those are friends
from school and stuff watch it like so I
was just saying it was like oh do you
want to come to that and she's like oh I
think I might like well if your mom
that's you like so be like totally us do
you guys can see Erica as well
that's probably the attraction
that's the main attraction that's why
everyone's gonna come now
oh my gosh oh my good gosh hello bring
Albie to you what no see never be easy
you know what like everybody did you do
you probably won't be fine well it's in
noshing cough yeah you know I have to
organize that I'll be just sick guys
sick sick and tired it's like is this
video well yeah I've been just so crazy
city sick but I just having our chance
it's about nine days so what day is
today today is Thursday so it's not this
Saturday it's next Saturday doesn't
matter it doesn't matter it's okay then
I'll be yeah man what's the new
YouTube's coming soon see they're making
YouTube white I don't know if you guys
how I think some people in the u.s.
already have it but we don't have it
over here yet white YouTube so yeah
maybe I'm one day I was trying to
organize a press conference a doubler
one as well I have no idea like I don't
people are saying like Steven scream but
you don't want to stand in Seeman screen
I don't want to stand and see the screen
there is a cafe yeah deaf all now I
don't know how many people are going you
know like there's a cafe on the top of
Stephen's Green right now I remember cuz
I was shooting a commercial once and
that's what we all like waited that was
the crude Erzebet like 30 people
involved and there's enough room for a
turkey of us like the film crew and the
lights and everything to be shot up
there so I'm thinking like maybe that's
we do it I think it's a beauty's but
it's probably not being is anymore I
think in Stevens screen shopping center
all the way up the top you know what I'm
talking about leave me a comment cuz I'm
just thinking like it's gotta be
somewhere like spacious you know and
it's all wetter see the weather's like I
think centers the city's party Tabasco
like not gonna have to like done drama
or something like that like cuz that's
inconvenient for people I don't know I
don't know what to think about it it's
hard to somebody in Dublin Cork sees
because I'm in court you know know we'll
work something out we'll work something
out
chicken korma this is chicken corn
mnemoth but do you have corn with korma
it's called corn demas what you want you
wanna come down
do you I don't think you do because
you'll be attacked by the vicious
creatures the violent vicious creatures
that are the popsicles the puppy whoops
the cones the puppy Webster girls don't
know so much no I'm sure it's fine it
sound like a hardcore sneeze wedding no
I just notice how I keep an eye out
sure thing good they're too good to be
news
they're the best wife a man could ask
for even in a second pregnant hay fever
and heartburn interstate still managed
to make me dinner
yeah where do you go yummy
did you make that with the bag or
g-dragon for cut I think it's the same
thing though no no it's different I
think it's just proportion size or
something you know yeah that's what it
is
yum I love chicken korma then you guys
never tried chicken corn ma I think we
talked about it a while ago you get
chicken Cory after like corn you should
try corn it's not that bad I always
always against all that kind of stuff I
was like well what about faced with more
tombs believe hats they make it you've
made of oh it doesn't it taste like
chicken ish he's chicken esque and then
when you put a bit of caramel in it
did you explain your actions could you
explain your actions you little cutie
pies hell cutie pies grab my sucks
with my fat frog frogs a drink who needs
a dishwasher plate cleaning service we
should rent it out well rent out the
dogs for play cleaning services what's
going on in there let's go handle here
is it all done is so cute is it all done
Oh is there another plate over there
oh god you can't follow me your nails
are a
mmm-hmm that one that tasty IV I'm gonna
frighten and okay well these Udinese I
mean it's not a lot but uh-huh
we pretty much polished it all with me
that was so young hmm think you do do
wudu you get you're gonna steal that
you're gonna steal had he's gonna steal
that on me they're so awesome
where'd you guys meet Amelia it's gonna
be so much fun in the house isn't it
Amelia and the puppies oh my god you
remember Eliza was that last night maybe
puppies anymore Wow they're always
mother will actually taking their
puppies a copy until their one-year-old
yeah but there'll always be copy
societies in I'm like you so god I
haven't seen her puppies I love you hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's can don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
