she does something bad okay well I love
you do you want to go for peepees
what's in drinkies what do you want let
me know what I'll get it for you hmm we
all love you very much
yeah good girl Xena Xena no crazies oh
my god this guy's two of us feels so
crap today I don't know is it because it
was like three hot and it was really
cold and I was really hot oh good boy
feel there's really cold nose would be
hot again then it was really cold I just
kind of went to a stage of being when
they hot when they told us that sort of
got me a cold itself Idol M sit this
morning we just got a paracetamol stuff
in it I can't have it because it's BM
the extra strong one
you know why time oh my god I feel so or
act right well you're back tired just
like I kinda have a sore throat like I
feel like and knows who did it gee mom
and just feel like
you know drain and stuff like that until
it's Nene so oh boy this is so crazy
do you guys want a new PB van appears
are you a family
Pete there is a massive Pete oh my
goodness all right I'm gonna make some
copies I mean he's made the fruit and
stuff this morning but I'm think the
coffee thing didn't work out so I'm
gonna make coffees poor dopey me oh hey
being sick well I know I might like the
beginning of a beautiful relationship at
the beginning of something here and
right ignore it it'll get worse but if I
like take those off lemons or LEM sips
Part C Mon so but I just get up warm
like love to sleep and also like warmth
and good food and some of that and just
try and take it easy and supper that
usually you can kind of like beat it
before it actually turns into a
full-blown cold or sickness or something
that's using my technique and usually
does work look at your face Bianca like
seriously
they're crazy all right just a medicine
did you get mature sleep for a couple
hours I feel a little bit better it's
like half four or five attack now you
know who's awake now hmm she's in there
and now
would you kind of runs and sits no no
yeah I change you I might make another
lemon themselves you guys wanted some
salmon salmon salad or something
sir
let me sit max : through this is worse
let's get Braille on with my cool then
stick that's cool and blue all right
let's pop it in take more than one such
overdose obviously nice clean pee pee
pad is that my green goo my green goo
goo I hate being sick around there
anything that's like the worst place
ever not hundred-percent
you say like I'm just gonna sleep I'm
just gonna go and sleep until it's gone
position an energy person you know
always like I love them always I've
always had loads of energy bundles of
energy you know I know it's like I can
turn it on whenever I want you know like
you know it's like one cigarette like
that I feel that rain on my energy oh
it's really really gets to me you know
mmm boys I'm gonna have a bit of cold
water - gotta keep hydrated
I swear guys I'm sick by the way she
didn't already know so excuse that no
make up sick face but um I swear ever
since my think was my midwife Roz was
jokin it was one of them told me that to
fill up a 2-liter bottle of water every
single night before bed put it in the
fridge and then that way I have to force
myself to finish the bottle by the end
of the day ever since that was like last
week
yeah was last week Josephus was like buy
one of these and I thought it looked
huge so I got one in Super Value but
ever since we did that I have been
drinking two litres of water
every single day since you won it so
it's an amazing tip if you are not
getting enough water and it's really
important when you're pregnant
especially now to get enough water and
my midwife was like how much water do
you drink in a day and I'm like like
four glasses or something like the
committee body so that's like half what
I'm supposed to drink because they
recommend you get about 8 which is 2
liters so she was like you know just
face the mount during the day and just
try and get 2 litres of water a day so I
have been ever since we did that tip so
if you're struggling to drink water
definitely get between your bottle and
fill it up every single night before bed
it'll be nice and cold for the next day
and then just keep at it I usually drink
of it two glasses with every meal I'm
like in between as well like here and
there and you do get through it it's
actually easier than you think so I'm
making lunch right now I'm actually
gonna make Joffe is is gonna have a
caprese salad sandwich what's your
tomatoes he likes rock it with his and
then I'm thinking I'm gonna do tuna for
me because I haven't actually had tuna
in oil and we bought cucumber anything
so I don't want it to go off I'm gonna
make hey that's not for you it's for the
adults the human adult's and there we
have it
- crazy I did one for myself as well
- caprese sandwiches because I it was
just so much easier to do both the CP
you don't have when you're preparing
something and easier if you're doing
anything for two people rather than one
different so I'm going to bring this up
right now
we'll make it work
ask them open because I'm gonna take a
picture for my blog
but um right now they're just classy I
am a nice person I made you breakfast
and lunch even though we're both safe
yeah I'm a good person to you yeah so he
had already said oh yeah my life my life
but my foot
it's my side I own this this is my
territory I can do whatever I want in
this territory if I want to have a hula
shindig okay you've got the crap one no
you can't have the microstrain one when
your breaks you only have the crap one
everything is crap you got wing oh right
I give in to hayfever stuff you couldn't
get the popcorn so you've got a cold flu
suffering from hay fever and you're in
your third trimester that's cuz it's
cold cold
I definitely feel better we've slept
while in the two snoozes today and I've
had two lenses yeah yeah I'm taking
anything yeah no no your best to be your
best do you guys do just to get rid of
it where's these little crazy o crazy uh
they're waiting here everyone what are
you barking at so today is the fourth of
July so I before the July to all the
Americans out there hope you're enjoying
your independence
don't waste your independence okay I'll
have your independence me better do
something good with it
you know what else happening in the
world today guys today's been an
interesting day in the world because
Europe the European Union voted on ACTA
which is like the European version of
SOPA it's a similar bill and they
got denied so I'm that's it it was
defeated Ireland
I think Ireland voted on it immediately
I think was like a governmental vote
between all the em the like the members
of our Parliament thing and they voted
to say yeah he said yeah sure go ahead
do that and then was like oh but then I
went to a European level and then Europe
decided that no so and no that didn't
happen that's pretty cool so I'm 42 -
Americans pretty much we are celebrating
Independence in European Internet -
tsums
and to top that up I kind of flipped you
up there to top that off guys huge site
well actually the scientific discovery
has made a while ago but they did their
press conference for today about the
Higgs boson the god particle which was
discovered I think is about a month or
two ago when the hydron collider thing
when they said that oh we think we found
something and and they held it off
and I'm like they said that they
basically they observed the boson boom
so yeah that's pretty cool
dad I was a big day today and am i
uploaded my 800 video fourth thing today
I uploaded my 800 video to YouTube 800
video if that means I've done 750 vlogs
today is day 750 on the vlogs and
because I did 50 videos before I talk to
myself crazy blogging that's what you
should do jealous you should bring your
Betty Lou blogger and I might became a
dude that's our office that's that let's
been a busy day although I'm sick
Annina sick quite apart from that yeah
no I'll be seen as on DM under your meta
cam well yeah it's a busy day today for
the world
nice nice nose tissue
guys it's a short one today because all
the secona Jolie's including scene that
haunts like obvious the well one he's
not even with us I'll be abandoned us
he's upstairs because he's just like I
didn't want to be around you sickos
thank you guys you guys are sick well
hopefully tomorrow I have good drunk old
a hundred million glasses out let me sip
all day today and then I brought these
Hobnobs down and even eat any do you
notice that I brought them that oh my
god out it's too hot I don't know the
only one you serves me earlier on I was
like on maybe I should put it in a cup
minute EJ I don't know it just seems
like the kind of thing you put in the
glass because it's like water water
doesn't go in a cup yeah but that's not
water
mmm you guys everyone has lem suits
right what are they called in America
give an idea I'll show you some sort of
a lemon sip in America or Iran the world
anyway but what do you put in yours I
put mine in a glass I don't know why
even though it burns my hand why not as
bad a G you got hey I see I haven't got
it's not fully nose like that yeah yeah
because I can feel that my trousers like
raw and my nose like all little but not
so much like that I'm not getting any
running this you've got the run eNOS I
don't have the running this so guys I
heard though did you hear that if people
come up your video enough time do you
actually get better seriously we should
try that w guys and I will see you guys
tomorrow
what do you see you tomorrow yeah say
good night not subscribers not Nino's
not Rovers not see nice night everybody
in there I'm at night see hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
the video and favorite this video
because there will be aa
