you're a great person Nene's want me to
carry this part up what Nene does every
morning for me you're so good to me but
I can't well yeah well you see my issue
is just getting over the gate yeah it's
like a two-step a two-part process Oh No
so annoying like it's great and all but
opening it as a pain in the arse yeah
it's like you regret not having a drill
what about if I take the train you take
the cup are you gonna take the train and
the vlog oh well I might have to say
goodbye to abandon goodbye I blog ateva
jump it jump it I did I as long as
there's no dogs up there that actually
works that well are you climbing it
that'll be the test of how pregnant you
are something that you won't be able to
do that anymore that's a you know that's
you know you're pregnant
okay guys I'm seeing it's probably gonna
want to come up though come on it's a
big day for you today see nice that you
have no idea
Oh God mm-hmm that oh okay see you later
puppies gotta get some work done
tasty fifty copy I guess I was wrong
about this someone's coming
um yeah oh my god no oh my god so yes
that wasn't the summer yesterday maybe
that was the summer and now it's the
winter and tomorrow and it'll be
springtime oh my god it's all right
there so I noticed a couple people are
saying am
three means in the video that video
didn't show up in their sub box these
are the two reasons obviously YouTube
and they've just launched a new and all
the house a call like a platform for
partners and so like every time they
change something usually that means
there's a delay like a notice yesterday
there was a problem where there's
something else on the site and that's
fixed today and so it could be that or
it could be and everything and the
highlight stain so just in case you
don't know right so on we look dunes in
here come on come on
so this is my home page right so if you
go to the home page see over here view
see right down highlights you click it
to everything and then scroll down
you're probably find that it's actually
there um instead of just having
highlights because the highlighting I
don't I don't know why they introduce
that I think it's kind of annoying
because so many times in like hey where
is that video and then I go everything
else I got there the video but yeah
maybe that maybe that's the problem
so I'm although the only promise every
time you go to youtube you have to click
on everything it's not like it selects
highlights and goes oh yeah you always
wanted so I don't know kind of annoying
but anyway that's where they are if
you've missed them what clones the
monster man what's that that bad no I
thought man I thought it was a shredded
one again okay Oh jomama stuff I did
which is a really good idea
she bought a second and vacuum cleaner
for upstairs she has a vacuum cleaner
absurd or a Hoover upstairs and one
downstairs so she doesn't have to carry
it open Anna's there yeah I know I know
I was like too
um Queens yeah yeah sure choice and we
should do when we get our or mention I'm
gonna get one of those you know knows
that little chairs that you can install
on the air stairs yeah yeah and I can
sit in it bring you up it goes like
super slow like you for an elevator
might you have an elevator in your house
remember that outfit was a panic room
you see the panic room
no all right they had an elevator has
murrow's old rumor liking em in Munich
in Ralph Lauren's office pretty old
elevators you like to baking and
mostly European cities that they have
that yeah yeah like not our England but
like the main European cities you mean
comedy be immortal meteor continued have
an elevator thing you put it here
you're like I'll just just say oh yeah
I'm scooping the elevator
let's go aft this is the floor I was
looking for hi hi Rossini's you're gonna
have a great day okay Seanie see knees
it's mom mom wanted her okay just
remember okay alright get em are you
chewing on the vacuum cleaner won't you
kill you the monster it's the only way
yeah see you distance
Oh
sorry that's not to give my complex
oh my god it was so funny that was the
groom right and I was like oh my god cut
the yeah she rings up shake
Jonathan listen to me now and I was like
why just like I saw you did a bolting I
was like what it's just like I saw you
cut out of his hair and I was like why
not if you like I saw it on YouTube
you could have leaked and I was like no
you don't understand you're like did I
tell you not to cut his hair I was like
cut I didn't know she actually a new way
to vlog though yeah maybe she's yeah the
cork news that maybe she's been there so
I am yes anyway I got you guys buck back
in here let's do it all over the ones
right that happens sometimes although I
kind of like kind of having a little
little French King ya know maybe my hair
will evolve to that no you're gonna get
some really long it'll fall over I know
and I hate to when I do that I don't
know I just kind of like sometimes know
falls over for them for this see a
future I'm not you know I do right
it's my new trick right after you shower
shower conditioner all that stuff then
blow-dry it out but I tend to blow-dry
upside down and then this stuff this is
like the most amazing hair product I
have ever seen in my life it works so
well it's like I know like I got this a
while ago and I didn't really say it
about it because I was like on well up I
want to use it for a while first to see
if it's amazingly awesome and I have to
tell you this stuff is amazingly awesome
you should check out like it's hair bond
in the UK so I suppose UK and Ireland
it's probably available go to our
website or just googling hair bond if
you guys want some because it's so dry
you wouldn't even know that yourself in
your hair it's so easy to use that's
what we really like about you know it's
not like I use like the teeny tiniest
amount of product like the actual like
that's I fight that for like three weeks
now or two weeks or whatever I think
earrings that's how much I've actually
used and I'm using like really every
single day you know at a time like look
at my hair if you wouldn't actually
think you know and you just put it in
put a tiny bit in put it into a
multi-position and that's it it's done
it was so amazing so many years ago at
using brill
and stuff on it's just you know or even
that wax off of try different waxes and
I just felt like I know it wasn't as
good but this stuff like and works in
dry hair as well which is best like you
know just dry it blow dry dead or
something like that and you can just
create like whatever you want you know I
have to say isn't it it's definitely by
far your best down
yeah we're not spraying this one here I
really liked it I thought it is really
cool when we first got it I was like I
just killed like he keeps spraying stuff
but sometimes I just wasn't I know what
kind of weakened it would dry way yeah
yeah I hate the wet look I hate the jail
look you know like I wanted to not look
like I've been doing anything I just
woke up and it was just magically like
that that is exactly what this moulder
and what is it it's twofold straight for
I got oh my god there's a whole stream
five oh my god there's a fire there's
one walk to this holy crap O's benefit
and watch it and help end damage that
think I was my favorite have dinner my
favorite favorite hair plug is that
conditioner whose I even body oh yeah
yeah it's my hair like am this kind of
skin dad a lot over the years
like obviously I have a huge receding
hairline just like my father it goes all
over here so I've got kind of like a lot
of them you can even see it like can you
put my hair back like that you can
actually see like my hair is kind of
like thin that a lot so that conditioner
was like I don't want to die like take
into my hair or something you know I
know now it's blue and then it was like
um it was really thick then afterwards I
was like oh my god it's amazing who is
so thick but I'm definitely in terms of
them styling products this is awesome as
I used to say it's pretty retro back
pablor summer summer summertime I'm
gonna sit back down and whine yay I just
tweeted up this morning I know I read it
but then I added my bed it was like a
forty day it rained for 40 days and 40
nights I was in the Bible they said like
when it rain for 40 days and 40 nights I
was like and the curse or something and
then in our end we just call that summer
so I gotta get petrol because I 9 to 20
kilometers so cuz when we had that was
too lazy as too lazy to get Charlie um
could you own and then 157 boom it was
160 there little while ago nice passing
the savings on to the Irish people
oh no oh wait a second bingo I'll take
that one and not beyond taking that from
oh oh oh oh now we're okay we're okay I
thought the character that it didn't
actually oh I don't think this I don't
even make it oh oh you know I think I
can make that work I can make it work
don't you make it work you ready knees
what uh-huh it'll be okay Feeny's you
excited for your adventure you know I'm
just gonna carry them in don't suck all
right drop the dogs in oh my goodness
it's okay you're pregnant said it's
forgivable ha ha ha ha all right let's
go what a shock
doggy whoo
my Robby let's go
there we go
took her away oh it's okay Nene's it's a
routine thing no it's always much harder
I think I'll be is that I was obviously
gonna pupuce when you never experienced
something like you know dropping szene
off are you
there's two type of people in the world
okay there's as Anna calls me I'm like
my mom she works in Madison so I just
I'm cold as a stone I just get yep drop
to talk and everything will be fine and
then there's Nene's over here again
super emotional I mean I'm not me Anna
if we if I express my emotion the same
as you okay the two of us will be in the
car park I think we'd be in the waiting
room we'd be like we'll just wait like
it's gonna take five hours we'll just
wait we'll be the extremes of Tears than
our eyes are you just crying like why
are you going to kill my dog
everything's gonna be fine my dog it is
the same it is the same carrot Sina I do
I love Sina just as much the neighbours
are home they're gonna see you crying in
the rain crying in the rain I love you
Nene's hey you seen it's gonna be just
fine I do know that he didn't see us be
just fine let her know she was just fine
but is actually just keep watching the
video because we're gonna collect her in
a while and she's gonna be fine and then
the girl when she picked her up she was
like yay and Cena just waddled off
what's gonna sadness are walking into a
car door with someone else I was like oh
that's my little doggy it's not it's
mine she's mine
yeah I've always looked out during you
doing I mean I don't look after her I
don't look after her I'll be better be
Sina it's on my pillow but I love Cena -
I love CNG when we first got her I said
I hadn't bonded with her yet that's all
when I first get her I okay Pharaoh's
like maybe because bleh my mom is maybe
I'm a
but like clinical like that but I just
what I said was that when we first got
Cena I said like you know after a week
or so I was like yeah but I hadn't
bonded with her I still have thought be
more now I loved the boat Cena has a
personality and everything huh
just like you I didn't like you at the
start I didn't like you all I still
don't like it sometimes these are all
the neighbors coming here today welcome
oh nice to see you grind
she doesn't a copy risings were breaking
up or something
it looks like a breaking cuz you're like
crying outside your mom says yeah unless
I'm sorry just you know I hope we can be
friends it's not you it's Ali we can't
break up now I like Tom Cruise and teeny
bobbins how long would he made for like
20 minutes
you got married had a baby got divorced
that's crazy
five years yeah that's pretty short
though that's Hollywood tennis and he's
watching it hey wait a second was affair
Ferrer huh wasn't he planar last time we
came up here Oh congratulations
is that guy it's not raining it was
raining last time we watched this
training all the time all the time
trainings Omega here haven't seen that
one I haven't seen that one haven't seen
that one have seen that one haven't seen
that one
haven't seen that one haven't seen that
one
it's like the old days we're just Alvie
how there's no pokies no Cena just Alvey
the olden days other puppies had all
their shots yesterday yeah you got
microchipped yeah we got Microsoft we
were going to get Apple we said go
Microsoft what a beautiful morning so I
hadn't look to get the yeah stuff as you
can see me I've traded Nina for Albie
I'll be sticking with me boys dated
party night up oh she must be soaked
he's got like a little miniskirt on
everything and it's raining slipped
unhappy so I'm gonna head up to the baby
boutique and pick up the duvet covers
and you know the bedding set and stuff
because I'm really excited to make the
bed for Amelia I think Ina's gonna stay
there and get some get some lunch and
stuff in Mama Striders plus I have got
to get some work done so and rainy days
are the best days to get some work done
they are you're more motivated
especially if you work in a digital
media you definitely find that the
sunnier days productivity suffers
whereas in a lot of other jobs an F door
job per se when it's like sunny you
think oh yeah I'm gonna get more stuff
done today but for me it's like well
it's really rainy so I think I would
just like sit on a computer and tickety
type in the top and get stuff done you
know it's easier that way
we got time and Street six and saints
and sinners we know cool look at it and
that's so cool ah I can reach it yay
Rumble and smudge LV brothel and smudge
bet hi bye bye sis call look Betty bye
bye
it's so cute I'll be you joined this day
of chores with dad
he's fighting and this is the best day
of my life ever no boy sit down sit down
he's a passenger being a passenger let's
try and let's try and navigate our way
out of here boom okay guys I think this
is really clever marketing or it's just
basically really clever luck see this is
the done stores theater shopping center
across the way look we are open very
clever donesies because the Tesco is
closed and that's like thousands of
people I go to the Tesco every single
day or like what are we gonna do let's
go to Tesco my own point but that's too
far away where you've got done stores
right there oh man I did a milk I bet
done stores probably snuck into Tesco
turned on all their tops left the
monomer like this will be a good move
for our business the puppies are gonna
be okay what I'm gonna do is any other
one I'll be up here because um because
Tina's not here they're probably all
just go mental for air for Aldi hi hi
puppies it's just me it's just me huh
there's no one else here actually kind
of look a little disappointed that it
was just me Oh God Oh God
come on you can't go outside guys I know
mommy's not here to show it away but I
am because of you guys we'll go ahead
side and I will clean this up now it's
probably because we gave them weren't
pallets this morning so I would say it's
forced out some sort of inside situation
what is
person had a little bit of a poopy
situation no one else good hi Bianca I'm
yankin I know I do enemy how's everyone
doing
mm-hmm your mom will be home later okay
don't worry about it
you're all big enough now you're all big
enough huh big big boys and girls no
girls and my husband don't do play yay
bye bye there's a meiotic 5-piece
betting bale to fit a continent car bed
flat sheet fitted Jersey she caught
caught bed quilt caught a bumper
embroidered freeze basket I'm so excited
Ilana I promised Ana that I would not
put this on so I was like I want to make
the badges like don't make it to like it
home so I will not I will leave it here
Angelina gets home snore snore snore
snore snore so am dia
group the groomers did that call me
there and they were like Cena's at a
surgery and everything went
a-okay tips tips I just texted and she's
like oh my god thank you so much and as
far as letting me know when I was like
yes so she's in recovery so I'm the
actual operation takes like I don't know
like half an hour maybe but the actual
recovery process like it's now so she's
added about three and we can collected
between five and seven
we're probably collector at five lasts
less than a seven more to five she
probably really drowsy be like who is
that one you know the kid after the
dentist Derek died no David David after
the dentist was it we have like scene
after the bat you like what is this real
why got to it or whatever you said you
know don't think it'll work out the same
all right back to snoring snoring blah
blah blah blah blah blah oh hi Sina no
fun thank you a completely different
this is this is who is this huh what
let's go so I'll do it louder you can do
it take all the stuff off
yeah nice he talks he's a puppet behind
that money
this is chicky-chicky dad losa must
order a couple of men Josie I think they
were probably accident Oh sad
blankie-wankie what's this part is Oh Oh
the bumper bumper stickers no I never
add a bumper I didn't I don't even know
if I had a crib all right you just had
like a an area and the floor but it's
NEPA Meg it goes here right no it
actually goes are in the head so oh yeah
wait you see this is up so high right
now
oh I see
okay I'll be Tina he's just saying hello
a little yeah we shouldn't have a lot of
Steel egde of toys okay that's cool when
you tie it 100 I'm gonna see I think
it's just cause it's up so high yeah for
that it's fine it's fine okay well we
all share toys and all right no clothes
oh hello and all right all right all
right
I don't know created excitement you're
we doing it now no it look
really cute is that like so cute I wish
I could get in there
it just doesn't work in a slave bed
that's the problem that's gonna become
nailed it works on the bottom setting
because I saw it yeah but hang it off
this at the moment it's kind of I know I
love it like this I think it's awesome
yeah of course it needs to be this high
why are you bothering tucking it in just
gonna redo everything I do I'm never
gonna be allowed to make this bad am I
well I do what are you doing man why are
you taking it off I just put it on how I
do have a little boy movie out being we
have a little boy and I'm with you
a little boys you a little boy boy boy
boy you put Abhiyan and took him in when
we took out the internet mm-hmm oh I'm
sure friends she'd be making her own bed
in about three months it sucks that
she's gonna pin it up yeah what you
don't need use of like what like this
much yeah what's nothing no I meant in
the day I know when she's not in it no
it's so cute though isn't it oh you
could buy those grow bags oh for the
help and girl I have a Grove I
downstairs yeah
a growth bike like a grow bag help your
baby grow go ten times faster with a
grow bag Eddie looks cool
these some comments if you would like to
hop in there because I sure would
thumbs up for Amelia's bad see the
collection time yeah we all excited oh
my god I can't wait to please I'll be
cut is a monkey you up yeah I'll be
resina Christina never seen this access
to guys more thing about this now Albie
see the might smell a little different
okay you might change yourself for some
reason I'm not really that into you
anymore
it's okay Abby it's not you it's her
I seen these hahaha I'm so drowsy and so
come on let's go let's go come on Mikey
see I can keep away maybe just bring her
upstairs or keep room with us I'll be
what do you do come on come on come on
you can carry her back if you want
grant
yeah come on TVs
oh yeah hi yoky Oh seen lovely pattern
in the wrong one mmm no stop
look you can see you see little little
thing there yeah she just feels all
weird I know
okay see I'm just uh free to try anymore
you trying to cheat me just like fanned
a glass full of water
he's right there how did you this is
please
I knew excessive new vice because if I
got developed a accent peanuts
movie you okay everyone tell Sina she'd
be okay but the love for Sina Tom's up
Christina oh Jesus how's that can I get
you anything else huh
poor little thing now she won't be able
to get grow well next Tuesday the
appointment thank you for a week okay
all right then little will he be exactly
week we're going back on Thursday to
make sure the stitches smaller okay and
we're keeping it separated from the
puppies because they're mental as you
can hear that there's so mm-hmm
get well soon see nice hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there would be AA
