poor Nina's got hay fever hay fever and
preganant they are like the worst they
are like the worst things to merge
together hay fever and preggers Antos
because the porn thing when we tried to
do the pregnancy right well we didn't
right we did the pregnancy blood but she
was like all pumped up and was like and
I was like oh really bad cuz I'm not so
I said I shall run over and get some
claritin also the puppies are getting
their microchips today microchips
they're turning into a turning into
robots robot puppies that's what that be
from now on
robot puppies all right I gotta pull in
here and hook up some claritin I think
Clara it's probably the best Oh No
do anyone that works that has actually
got working is declarative one and in
the pharmacist is like no no you can't
have an ideas to me when you're pregnant
so the only one you can offer is just
like one that may not actually work
because I know that she strike tried
them all before so I mean it's not gonna
be happy then I came home when I
contacted you are you guys ready you
guys ready you're gonna become robots
are you ready to become robots yeah do
it was just like an injection of a chip
I think maybe he takes them away in to
get a room to do it so you don't like
cry oh my god like you're emotional and
pregnant
squeaks we're gonna Bobby and Cena here
and then while we're there were probably
gonna Cena in because she's am
she's you she's becoming all womanly and
frisky at the end of this month so
before that happens we're gonna pop her
in there
Oh YUM that looks nice those grapes
really good weren't they did you notice
that they're really big I notice this
morning and I was thinking like whoa
these grapes are actually quite large
and a yogurt I like the sweetly sour
effect you should be some fried rice
with that sweet and sour fried rice I
think the different kind is being there
we're gonna take two weeks as well of
their plan we're gonna take you I'll
show you out that Lindsay this is what
it'll be like that won't be like hmm
chaotic what Oh God Oh God come here
you know how schools are there okay I
know I know you don't like it I know you
don't like it is the program sink I know
you don't like it but it has to be done
it has to be done this is how you clean
the poop um you can I put the puppy in
there
sitting around and you playing you all
Oh No
okay it's a poo and a twig there appears
to be a twig in here as well okay hold
on I need to I need two hands for this
one so it's gonna be an old school mine
the house guys old school - oh let's go
my house I'll be I'll be I'm gonna take
the puppies away okay
Oh someone was waiting till July not
June now we should buy a pool and a
barbecue and everything is summer is
here
summer is here here to stay
why is the big great glass over there
why is he getting dark now well it's
freezing now horny he's entering a fever
is it the worst ever no I know
oh my god when he started to be in
pharmacist guy I was like I'm sorry like
kind of right and I said sir you need to
give me something to bring home because
my wife will beat me to that if I come
home with nothing so I got this stuff
which probably all work
look at Nibbana she's so scared Nevaeh
was the one who did the worst number oh
yeah she's pretty remembers you guys
ready you can say me the vaccines have
been done and now it's time for a
microchips and she'd worn ditch that
they're really big
they're all gonna scream he prepared no
he's okay but they're gonna be done now
and that's it yeah I am
my nose my nose it was that a tough day
my good chipped and vaccinated Oh how's
everyone doing back there it's been a
tough day they probably didn't need to
pay that maybe that what's going on
they're probably peeing and thirsty and
we're sitting in traffic but I'm
someone's gotta tell the news to Cena
no at least it's not open late yeah it's
impatience we're gonna drop seeing in
tomorrow and we're gonna collect Cena
tomorrow and Cena's getting snippy
Schnabel he's gonna be happy that he
here
he dodged a bullet this time around but
they're all gonna go into heat in a
couple of months so he made not touch it
the second round although we're gonna
need all of them anyway so he might at
the same time he might make it
Mikey touching the bullet well yeah a
scene is getting in tomorrow morning oh
my goodness it's a lot of bad trips this
week it is worth and then it's all over
it and everything's done you these my
name is Abby I am so happy I'd love to
sit in my bed
my fingers at me I am so happy that is
my friend call Tina she once was my
girlfriend but tomorrow no more she's
getting the snip snip so she cannot pour
any puppies again okay all right yeah no
more puppies you take tomorrow oh my god
see knees are you so excited I could do
it for you give me scissors snip snap
chop havior there's a cap band oh yeah
yeah and it's all I can tell like it
doesn't feel as like it's crazy hearted
around today and the groomers called by
mr. caucus we're getting the snip snaps
are we getting there
and I rang a box and odds are like I
know because I love give them in a stop
like no you see there's not even
aftercare it's so quick like I think
it's like because they keep you wouldn't
you gonna be happy or Sini's huh this
little effect I won't be sticking his
nose up your bum nah you'll be free from
any any problems probably ma cha√Æne
love a good twig in' give us a good
tweak once every stone in Twitter
I went down to Twitter I said kiss the
pig gives the trick money gives a tick I
said what do you think what are you
saying boys that'll be cuts where is
that oh my god someone have to comment
yesterday in the blogs and she said that
she has a Maltese puppy
I think he's eight years old and his
name is Albie was a 10
his name was Albie Albie I'll be settled
I'll be okay
I'm gonna who wants to high-five Albie
you ready ready they're so easily
excitable
I don't high-five
we're going somewhere to getting all the
injections and stuff you're not gonna
believe who took it the best leave me
comment I'll fill in the window maybe
I'll give you a minute leave comments
yeah yeah wasn't so crazy like actually
like you know because funnily enough
during the first injection they were all
fun okay Abed but it was Bianca you
actually now yeah
the microchip is like a huge needle yeah
I was every time you put the needle but
I'm just saying with me like when I get
a good injection why do we have to bring
Amelia and whenever I get I'm just like
I'm fine I just I don't look way I have
to look when I got them I got a big
surgery done in my back when I was like
18 or something that it was like a like
melanoma so mad and they had to like
take it out but I'm when I was put in
surgery they put me under local so they
didn't like knock me out so I was like
fully awake but I was like completely
numb and I was lying down on the surgery
table and there was a mirror right there
and then they had a mirror over me i
watch the whole thing I probably could
have told him to move when I was like on
oh my god and I stay took a scalpel and
they could open my back and I was just
sitting there watch you go like this
amazing life and then at the end he was
like he was like he took out the thing
and he's like oh you want to see it and
I was like yeah totes Mon you showed me
is like a curiosity curiosity hmm give
me a fatty I can't wait because when
even when Amelia crowns is that what I
call when head comes out these you say I
like doing touch the head and stuff I'm
like yeah well you don't have to I'll
take you I'll keep an eye check mirror
or something yeah
Oh Stewart just take it out man until
it's been washed and cleaned and
presentable I'm not gonna I'm gonna have
to watch it because I'm never gonna see
one obviously next time I have kids I
will but like you know II mean like you
only get you only a couple of times
actually get to see that of course you
can probably watch youtube videos or
something of the birthing process but I
need to be kind of cool like you know
watch your own baby before I can we
watch the puppies being born I I wish I
was her mid made mid made wet made
what's a car Midwife mid husband oh yeah
so Bianca was actually the work she
actually was the one that squeaked it
was actually move it into rulla rulla
knew but she's actually the smallest
wasn't she when she was sat there just
like nothing Bango line screaming I know
but the anchor was the only one else
kind of open the situation YouTube we
watched YouTube they watching you chew
thank you better make the dinner but
you're incompetent while he's not
incontinent look at them all worn out
what happened oh my god it melted
yeah happen oh just leave it like that
no no no no no no no no no let's go be
Bertolini from me me who's he has
everyone doing
she's like yeah y'all squeaky I think
that's more tonight and tomorrow yeah
you guys have microchips in you hmm
you mean scan she did scan unlike in
Tesco who's like hmm hey microchips give
a microchip inside of you
mm-hmm your half machine
they're like cyber dogs cyber dogs
taking over the world
Sabre dogs I burn it up yeah maybe we
should do that every day just like
injectors hey guys look what happened
that was fun well they're supposed to
follow up anyway but I noticed that to
you today oh sorry
it came back so I like it's been calling
Mike and look at the yeah the mint in
there and the Rose Marie I'm at time in
the barrel and the pineapple I grew that
to me I grew that this morning
look at my rocket yeah but I have a
rocket salad very soon nice would you
think that these little puppies just
finish the plate of tomato sauce just
put that one back in that one's done
look at your little faces look at your
little faces huh
look at you guys and you said cute yeah
little red faces you're so cute oh
that's your treat today because you went
and got little injections and stuff Cina
tomorrow night and I will eat a lot of
TLC everyone put Cena in their thoughts
and prayers because I think she's gonna
be knocked out but right that's always
really scary because whenever you bring
a dog to knockout you have to sign in to
form the waiver aisle
that and it's always like what wait I
know I know
yeah ah the girl being in the baths yeah
no it's just like when you decided why
why do I have to sign this
can you can you not just guarantee me
it's gonna work seriously lucky that
look at this gun the Sun bursting in the
sky ah such a summer Eve is man this is
so nice out here so unfortunate for
anyone that suffers from hay fever
because even though it's a really nice
beautiful summer's evening and I has to
suffer through it which is a quite
unfortunate so it turns out we forgot a
couple of things so I'm just gonna nip
at tasko and get something if if I have
everything I need petrol says I got 43
kilometres looking keeps telling me like
it's quite a couple of warnings going
off there I got put air in the tires and
I got foot packs in the car it's like 44
I'm like I'm just too lazy right now too
due to tasks which is like the Patra
station will be live in one direction
one direction 20 and the Tesco is in
like distraction so I'm like yeah I'll
make it I'll make it he keeps telling me
like sir do what are you doing you're a
crazy man you will put petrol in this
car right this is like don't you tuck
I don't know me you don't know me
computer man computer system man so then
you guys thinking of coming to the
meetup thing hopefully I will believe it
go a few you guys to come along because
it's a probably like I don't know
everybody here again until we do an
utter meet up unless we somehow are in
another country or something like that
matter like it was just in case anything
changes along the way make sure to
follow me on Twitter because we haven't
got the details hammer down I'm gonna
leave a good thing for like a week or
two for everybody to sort of like you
know find out what kind of numbers we
have I think we will go to nosh and
coffee again oh I'm sorry I think you
will go to nosh and coffee again because
we went that last 7 worked out really
well and then they actually contacted me
and said hey next time you're gonna do
it just give me a heads up and I will
hook something up for you so I think
we'll probably go to National Coffee in
quark that's not inside guaranteed yet
you know but I think that's what we're
gonna go do
and I can't see anything cuz it's so
sunny and Dublin I have absolutely no
idea
leave me some suggestions if you're from
Dublin where I should do their my prefer
it was like indoors
rather than being outdoors you know I
don't think Anna wants to stand for too
long you know the old seven months
pregnant situation so I again some ideas
for something indoor we could do in
Dublin I know well we'll go we'll go
organize that well go hook that up but
I'm pretty excited to see you guys you
know I love getting the opportunity to
thank you guys in person
for supporting us and you know watching
the vlogs and liking them and favoriting
you know just genuinely participating
and I know you know I love when you guys
tell me like I had a bad day and I watch
the vlog and then that made my day
better and stuff you know and I'm like
oh man that's so cool that I shared you
people up like that's so awesome like
and I don't know I love I love meaning
that I've never been to meet I've ever
met me leave me a comment if you've ever
been to one of my meetups and you met me
in person
I leave me a comment number like what's
up because I leave a comment until we
are like the same person in the vlogs
and when you wake up when you've ever
met me have did you walk away and feel
like yeah that's jofi and I feel good
about myself once you actually meet me
anything like oh my god that guy is so
rude and mean and annoying oh I hate him
so much
you know leave me some interactive
comments there I'm just curious you know
what what is your opinion what is your
opinion of me that is that is today's
question why does your opinion of jofi I
am really really interested to know
cheers thanks buddy hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Joey and don't forget to like
the video
and favorite this video because there
will be aa
