good morning and welcome to this video
presentation I'm here with my little
less ya friends due to the fact that I
was June two bucks to fall this week the
fetishes and the blogs have been a
little all over the place so this video
is gonna be like a mixture of a few
different days a few different bits and
bobs that were going on for the last few
days and then little is here there's no
real answer so I hope you enjoyed sit
back relax maybe bring a snack but first
thank you so much to everybody like the
the first 24 hours like the next morning
when I got up after announcing the tour
and it was like nearly sold out
everywhere I was like what make you guys
are insane thank you so much for
everybody but if you're taking about
coming to the book tour make sure to get
tickets before they're sold that link is
there below for all the information of
the locations and the events I would
love to go to every single town in the
UK but it's not really up to me so guys
if the demand is there
maybe the publishers and retailers will
think like oh that's a good idea so like
you know cause the rocket sign
partitions make it so make it happen but
at the moment they are the only dates
that we have available to come and see
us so please come along
don't miss out we're bringing the whole
family you come and Alyssa
can you sign your name I'll be expecting
signatures from you yeah anyway sit back
and enjoy the rest of this video
right we are in were thing and you guys
have been were thing we're being the
wording before this party turned out to
be very far away
what Oh careful guys all right we are in
wording exciting such an adventure today
I'll put the poster in I was like what's
wrong
where to ring him into the road you
can't have shoe problems quickly quickly
quickly quickly quickly
hold it yes there we go I think this is
where we're going here okay now guys
where do we go do we need to go up two
steps you think okay up two steps
it does have flags I don't know baby
children sale am i selling you guys
that's not gonna work okay
back this way back this way not that way
maybe it's up here oh wait is there a
car park I think I might even be in a
car park ice come on this way yeah
exactly like me this ballet oh my
goodness
oh no dogs sometimes that beware of the
dog okay guys yeah glad we didn't bring
a dog huh
good job where am I going
oh no smoking and no dogs this place is
very strict there's a whole car park
here cool part is kicking off and we are
going to go crazy nowadays that so I
didn't realize that it was closed
situation rocky get into and everything
so if Andy's a lost-and-found
they said it for nine to ten year olds
but they look like they might fit me so
I'm gonna give it a try and see if I can
get in the water with you guys you gotta
fight in this m4 you don't know whether
you get job your lifejacket on this
little guy won't get in I can't find one
all right go for it go for it go for it
all the way now we have two of them Wow
look like just like Amenia huh are you
just gonna go to a whole pool like that
she promises right outside shower that
way
Eduardo she promises let one hand go let
one hand go oh and then both of them but
at the same time
watch what Amita you do it first let's
go both of the rock see she floats you
want to try it one of your floater now
so the kids are back from their pool
partay Olivia oh they're not here
they're here how was it guys is it fun
you are serve ups dyndns now also check
this out forgot to give the birthday boy
that's right it's present well done
Jonathan yes I'm just kidding
cept I'm not really um oh I'm gonna have
to write an apology message to the mum
and be like yeah sorry I did have one
honestly I might actually just drive
over to their house and drop it off cuz
I don't want them to think that like we
forgot or something you know
I know if I leave it to a term time
maybe like they'll thing that we just
forgot and that was the pool party and
then we came home from that and we fell
asleep I think but then the next day
friends Emilia you know guys know Melia
was in her a ballet camp
well then Emilia had a recital and it
was very exciting and I filmed some for
you so obviously they were you know that
song yes burrito
do do do do do do well that was the song
they were dancing to you but
unfortunately I don't have permission to
laugh beautiful little truth so I'm
gonna have to put in a different song
but I'm gonna stick it in here will
immediate little little bit look I know
you guys wanted to give you a little
hint of Amelia's ballet recital
enjoy I'll see you in a moment
did you enjoy that was that nice what
did you think of that did you enjoy that
it's Eduardo favorite toy anyway that's
it folks and I think that should put us
back up to date and tomorrow we were
back with the normal of all normal it
was just with the book tour and
everything but in terms of book tours as
Scotland is sold out I'm gonna check the
numbers this morning but as far as I
know blue waters on the way is all
yesterday was almost so that and then
Chester I think is the next one is most
popular and then Cardiff and what's
there on Milton Keynes that one as well
so make sure plus we're also I know it
started videos like oh but now I know
the locations for the Irish
meet-and-greet and I kind of know two
dates and I kind of know everything but
I can't share it cuz I'm not
unfortunately allowed I'm just here to
write the books guys make the videos I'm
just a challenge I'm just a pretty face
no Alice yeah but um it's like you know
the top in the middle in the bottom
things like that you know but I can't
summer can't tell you anything can tell
me anything right I better go thanks
watching video friends see you guys
tomorrow
say bye less yeah C by C by D Bay yeah
you're so cute oh yeah well before you
go right check this out right I'm gonna
stick this picture in Ellie Wilson sent
me this picture on Twitter yesterday I
think it was look at this four that's
when Amelia was four months old
Eduardo was four months old and her last
year is four months old look at me near
those cheeks oh I get it were know like
that's actually their personality
matches those actual pictures they look
so cute okay but now we're gonna go this
time we're going for real things
marching bands I'll see you guys
tomorrow
