so you gonna watch this he'll isn't yeah
he's right to watch so we're gonna try
this at pineapple cutter device it is
well I just don't know how it works you
ate a box right with the instructions
well that's good I'm glad you're dying
now because that makes it obviously a
lot better to CNN funding bit soon okay
well I think you just put it in here and
all of a second oh she seems that like
we can't wait to stick it in and turn it
and then they're gonna make chunks
somehow nice holiday you didn't invite
me you
good time such a bad hay fever
yes thinking you separate you can't test
place for washing purposes all right I
love your kind of doing something
oh it's working oh my god Oh see I was
trying to like push the button on the
handle thinking it was gonna go down
yeah yeah what's that for
oh is that to show you like how to cut
it or something like the chunks ah no
way oh my god that's amazing
it's awesome I give you a plate okay
that is insane like that's perfect
little chunks yeah yeah cuz I always
wanted to give you just like a ring yeah
yeah it's so awesome the more radicals
yeah oh my god it gets better duck this
thing chops down that's what it does it
makes it run luckily they look like they
came at it a little too this is so cool
yeah the supervisor so cool in the
comments if you have a little pineapple
chopper under the sea and leave me a
comment of summer recipes for a pina
colada or something I'm sitting in the
back garden and shrubs like in the glass
with our fake platinum rose
yo bredda use for this is actually the
umbrella that used to keep the rain off
you yeah I can hear the puppies
downstairs destroying something but I'm
like until I go down there it's not
really real
I just stay up here then technically it
never happened
remember to clean up after themselves
what do you guys think and happy just
like like a little egg their little
goodness should I go and see what it is
Oh they've quite add a bit kids when I
come well not everyone okay well I'll go
with the team I'll go as a team it's a
little peek no it's okay nope nope nope
oh don't do it don't you get that from
where did you get this from
is that from like pizza no no oh my oh
my you aren't instigator you Bianca
you're troublemaker and an instigator
whatever you have to say for yourself
what if we got to say to yourself
you've been killed don't go down there
do not go in there I love you guys
what mm-hmm so do you guys wanna see
something cool I was actually um I was
doing some work like with someone like
you know my little company thing that I
have you know where that time I put that
envelope in there the thing I don't want
to talk about that yeah because it's
like a slow burner but it's actually
burning a lot brighter than I thought it
would at this point so the future is
bright for goofy but I'm I was just a
I'll talk to you guys later about it
more event but understand this you know
cuz then we are meeting at an offender's
and I was like oh my god
didn't you guys know this about me I
just want to show you guys this this is
am this is some work that I am that I do
look and I have to turn the music off
because I just issues with with a music
like well yeah like look at this it's
not really cool if you guys want I'll
put some of this on my other channel if
you've never actually seen this stuff
before
that's actually and I got Anna to do the
voiceover for this she's like she's
doing all the voiceovers his character
was based on Emma does based on me he
fool
Boop well yeah this is his name look if
you look at the pots with Johnny spy
it's not really funny and then yeah just
some more animation stuff if you wanna
see more than stuff leave me some
comments and I might stick some of it up
on my other channel a lot of I didn't
because copyright music and they're
different different different different
stuff and so much for games some of its
like corporate works
it's advertising just kind of a mixture
of different sort of animation stuff
well it's an animatic for game but uh
this is awesome I loved working on that
game I know I was for the o2 in London
and more sci-fi stuff but anyway
I just put put a pause in his climb
Easter but uh yeah
essentially that's the kind of stuff
that jofi does but I just thought it
said because I was talking about now
Saigon and a little tiny bit of Tibet
information guys we are doing this Linda
loves and pops and quark meetup YouTube
gathering Saturday the 14th at 2 o'clock
and the Dublin meetup Saturday the 21st
at 2 o'clock and it's my Facebook fella
click on him and click here and then
click attending or whatever we'll add
more details as the event gets closer
which is in 14 days but um wait for the
thing either come on
if you do want to attend just make sure
that like don't click you're going to
attend just to be like oh it's really
nice you know I mean like I appreciate
that and thanks a lot I know people with
D an app like there's no need to do that
I only I really want to know a specific
amount because you know and that's like
31 weeks pregnant she'd be like 34 weeks
pregnant when we did a meet-up and you
know I just want to make sure that like
it's gotta be like super well organized
and you know and being honest like if
it's not if I can't get this super well
organized and I don't feel that Anna's
gonna secure and everything's gonna be
perfectly right then I'll just cancel it
straight up and I'm sorry but you know I
have to think of and you know safety cuz
she's pregnant and stuff but I'm pretty
sure it'll be ok and just make sure to
actually say you're going to go if
you're gonna go don't say you're gonna
go of like there's no way in hell you're
gonna go I'm really appreciate that
thank you very much and I'm so looking
forward to seeing you guys cuz I see you
guys in like a year or so so me these
guys I've never ever seen you know maybe
next year a big time will go I just I'll
say that cuz it ended yesterday dvd-r
after that we went VidCon come to
Ireland or they all come down the Prada
come to London
I think I think that'll probably happen
and then we will definitely go look how
much Cena loves her puppies and her
puppies love her she's just like
chomping on something on some rawhide
they are kind of feeding off her but I
think they kind of just like playing
with her as well and it's so disgusting
it's July 1st and it's like so horrible
outside I changed all the calendars
though I don't see so this one mmm
that's so cute
but I don't know why he's wearing
sunglasses because there's no Sun not
not it anyways um so yeah it's like just
pissing rain outside and it sucks cause
like the puppies look for pees on a pee
pee pad they are so well trained but
during the day like they usually just
play outside and stuff if it's nicer but
obviously we can't do that right now
because it's raining so I can't have the
door open so I just have them in here
and then I wanted to take out they'd
seen up for walk of course we have to do
that right now so maybe hopefully it'll
stop raining and then we can do that but
I have such bad hay fever which is
annoying because this is like my daily
exercise that game but this thing yeah
and hay fever and it's not even like
nice out so I when it's raining inside
and it's horrible weather and yet I
still get hay fever and we have not got
our bedding yet
Amelia's bedding I mean not ours
I honestly I think that the place that
the boutique was flooded and that's
probably putting a delay on things
because the dog groomers was obviously
flooded and we still haven't heard from
her yet so we're kind of waiting on
Albie and see not you get cut because
they really need to get cut but I don't
know what to do and then
the dog groomers is very near the it's
like almost right next to arch through
to the boutique where we got the bedding
and she hasn't called yet so I'm
guessing it's just gonna be like a big
delay on everything
but um right now I have to write my blog
post cuz weirdos Mountain sometimes I
think he gets enough attention oh my god
he gets probably the most attention of
anybody he's my first baby boy I know
he's mine too you should ever leave
comments that you'll allow me I feel so
sorry for them like they're so dry cold
and don't like me to be cut so Bobby
gets it is not like he's not like
groomed and clean yeah so depressed and
I didn't wash them on whatever day it
wasn't probably because I thought yeah
they were getting done so I was like
Noah it was last Sunday so they haven't
been washing of it maybe two weeks now
so maybe if we just wash them no you're
not couldn't tell him no leave him
comment okay
it's just leave him comments leave him
hater comments don't leave in comments
telling him how he shouldn't cut them
because he cuts them they're gonna look
weird okay I'm gonna be very good job
fashion or do I just crying no no
John no please no we just have to wait
it out well why are you mad his hair
when she comes you're not cutting
immediate hair oh my god little bold on
her head and shame Brenda Bohle no we
never we ever when you get you for
service well I was bald until the age of
late - oh yeah what if she has like my
achieving hairline and her hair like
it's called receding not we're treating
and plus that's a man's thing oh boy we
fire her far high for him yeah
she will have I think she actually does
have a high forehead cuz I saw her I saw
her the other day I saw my baby I saw
him one day and it looked like she had a
high forehead but both my parents had
high foreheads as well so that's just
genetic yeah oh she's cured her
Joey it's July now like what if just
earlier and then we'll have me this is a
last full month look you could have your
baby we can have a million ovens my god
which means this is the last full month
for the rest of our lives where it's
just these kids just the hairy kids yeah
and that's it like oh my god like next
month we could have a baby
by for you
to avoid fiddle play the PlayStation
mixes with in water and the women the
women do the vacuuming
careful now
it's good for the labor
the footprint labor
come on guys I know I do agree it's so
crazy I still have my hair my Sorrento's
and my shorts and my rain jacket and my
ID it's a thank you happy 1st of July
yay middle of summer
oh hey Z come on let's let the slow
cross the road it's waiting here to the
slip cross this road
ok Albie I'm gonna let the slug cross
the road that's my friend Sammy my fancy
Sorento shoes I refuse Nina I am
dressing like it's summer I am dressing
like it's 50 degrees I'm making dinner
right now we were on our walk we're
gonna go grocery shopping since you are
like weekly shop tonight but I was gonna
do it like before dinner and then when
we went out on our walk all we could
smell was like people's dinner is
cooking and got really hungry
were like yeah it's definitely not a
good idea if any of you guys any of you
guys know what I'm talking about I'm
sure you do
when you go grocery shopping on a full
stomach
you tend to buy like what's on your list
if you go grocery shopping on an empty
stomach you tends to buy way more
because you're hungry if you're like ah
I want that that that's not that so I'm
making dinner um we are having a
stir-fry I was gonna cook pasta tonight
but these stir-fried veggies are gonna
go off if I don't use them so making
corn stir-fry with brown rice which is
boiling away there and I've actually
ended up a notch spice I'm not doing
boil-in-the-bag rice anymore I'm not she
doing proper like normal rice it's still
uncle ben's
and it's still 10-minute rice beats me
what the difference is between this and
boil-in-the-bag
but I don't know I feel like one in the
bag is like you know the easier option
you can oh they both both take ten
minutes but I actually picked this up by
accident so and it works just the same
and it tastes just the same so I'm if
it's better for you and it's got less
like conservatives or whatever they're
nuts good with me and then we're having
sweet-and-sour extra pineapple cuz
that's what we love and that's pretty
much it and feel is here again see this
is his little spot you just loves to be
around us when we're cooking or
preparing food isn't that right good boy
Jung Ji Young Jeezy's
oh is that their little pack you bought
yeah I love the little sweet points
moving in a waitress oh sorry sorry
sorry I apologize I profusely thanks a
lot Nene's here the best life ever
you are you're my favorite wife of all
whatever whatever doesn't matter
your preggos you get preggos get
preference they do little pretty even
but there's the end of all the waves
I've ever had you're definitely my
favorite you're gonna mind the house
you're mine now see us what Sally's on
Zenith Cena Cena good look at this
little juggler what movies over here
over there good mom just keep good
retreat ah you got her
you guys gonna mind the house Victor
wait till she calls that two names you
know release that's my cue to kill Go Go
Go operation go operation go is to go
what are you doing here the local
regular Tesco dog doesn't know what
crawl in here
we got a Poli okay another doggie
No
so cute a book on my favorite same
pickers Irish dad survival guy no you're
gonna switch into a Mac from dummies
that's funny
we'll have to get you that soon I don't
get you the MacBook Air you guys see the
new MacBook Airs they're so thin I'm
gonna go in for Nene's so her days or I
look like that mother it's so cute I
think you can get pink ones as well
leave me a comment you have a pink Mac
aerbook yeah yeah cuz I think I saw one
it doesn't who has one I definitely saw
a pink one or in the corridor its
MacBook Pros which I'm gonna get you
can't get the color diversion to them
but for me Lee's yeah can you get the
Morton go what number sorry look a
little peg basket Phil's holdin Hager
where'd you go to everything like that
God I'm still getting this look mint I'm
gonna add mint to my collection it smell
it
is that really cool we can put in our in
our to pace that nice ok Vega all we
need out how do you make you place this
is just like ice cream and mint that's
what I do
ice cream mint and a Twix bar these
desire these are much bigger than the
usual they're probably the same weight
but that oh my god
also no cheating nope it's hidden at the
back here see chili t48 got it ha ha ha
sneaky they thought they're being sneaky
Nina you beat the system or system
beaters juiced it cleaner
Nina this box is reduced to clear she's
totally got it what is
what the heck maybe some comments let me
know that is guys on Booga Wooga nooga
maybe
I don't know we're getting Iceland he's
going from trattoria Oh nuts fancy Nina
truck toy yeah
focus on offer French fancies last one
nice look French fancies on offer I have
to
they're like never on offer everything
else we're killing range is on offer all
the time but never is the French fancies
an offer if you do see the money offer
just buy them and send me to me mailbox
to 1140 marshes to the bat mr. deal over
Oh actually oh look a new one
hi orchard orchid mega-sized order on
mega-sized yeah no you know the 11 was
really strong wasn't it
God we were intruders stuff so fast like
toilet paper and disinfectant you think
we have like six dogs or something don't
go that one you don't try to tie orchid
so it sold so few of the deal get some
fun Allah he only you're like broken
sleep for ages though he's into getting
a little OCD right now it's right right
under my tongue it's the worst ones when
I talk or eat or anything that's like
irritating me all you need usually is
like a good night's sleep but we're so
bad we always do so like three o'clock
in the morning and then we enter we
always get over at 8 o'clock to start
the process up the production schedule
thing to get the blocks up every single
day and but ulcers why not always
do you guys remember when I bought this
like months ago it's us scary
oh it's twice the price at the other one
but it's so good I mean just dab hang on
it's like instantly I'm gonna go with
this one it's like 10 euros or I can buy
the cream one in four four years this
one comes with an applicator well don't
you anybody who lives in Spain for
winning the European Cup my telling you
we're gonna win it when they're perfect
being that but in the end
congratulations
you don't you find something and
anything like I need that in my life
then the back
ah
okay guys do not buy the top one here
okay I slid it on the floor or if you
want to sit on the floor one it's like
yeah whatever Mimi's not involve those
things what if she seems to like Hello
Kitty and love oh my God look love
hearts Hello Kitty cupcakes for girls
dinosaur skin girls bein - dinosaurs -
ha what I'll do is let you know when
like you're out and so far I'm mindin
Amelia on my own
I like subject her to like the entire
Stargate ten-year catalog I have it I
have every single episode of Stargate
ten years of work and I will just embed
it into her brain and she'd be all like
dad we need to go through the shopper I
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
