are we cutting your balls off yeah so
red is up the mattes there's like this
huge one right here told me to get it
yeah yes guarantees I'm like so
terrified I think I can get my fingers
like under the the mat oh yeah sorry
I'll be your privates are on YouTube one
display just this do you see how how
huge it is that's like yeah and then he
does not and I'm scary
he was so good to me like second to me
voice activate mm-hmm careful off the
skin Jonathan on my Sean no put this one
here you have so many Nazis and you
needed to go to the groomer so bad
please be careful
I'm so nervous I understand the
importance of testing well he is gonna
help them oh well because he's gonna
have some snipped just not today
he's nicked these see how you do not
help with things at all okay you're
almost there I'll be good boys day
Sina you are not involved in this
situation
look at this huh you got the string
there's no g-string go boy you trump on
that
OOP hey guess what I'll be guess what
you're gonna really pretty when it's
over OMG
oh hey what are you doing trying to eat
your own fluff look at this thing oh my
goodness oh goodness do that poo-poos
hmm oh goodness
Oh No what have you done what have you
done what have you done
oh my goodness okay they've done what
come on I've run out and went out oh my
goodness shredded they shredded the
peepee but what let's go oh oh no nope
nah nah nah nah no oh oh oh
 oh
No
lunch the breeze it really works
okey dokey guys here's the plan
it may or may not work out because he
might be too late but last time we were
down in Pascal is the Italian shop he
told me that his wife makes fresh
kolkata rosemary focaccia on Saturday
mornings he's like it tells that pretty
quick you want to get there early we
didn't make it last Saturday why not
can't remember tired oh yeah we just did
we slept Saturdays yeah I entire tired
Tim oh tired Tim Oh got him in the wrong
lane I'm trying figure I was trying to
get into it excuse me why not guy wants
to ease normal into what everyone's in
wrong way and it worked out fine so yeah
it's not like couple times it's like
half one so I hope there's one there if
there's not oh well
try cat next week but I hope this one
they're like I want to taste some tasty
 I think cuz I think she makes
them um I think she marinades something
like before and then just like pops them
in the oven this morning
okay pretty excited thumbs up for that
job if you guys liked the video enough
times maybe the catcher will be
there let's try it as an experiment
Roley when you guys know I'm Roger Ryan
because we're parking in this spot take
Roger don't mind
jokes jokes
double Saturday it's open
everyone look at me big bag might get
that little that you know the ones I
like half price ease nothing
is that the audited the danger sign is
gun
oh yeah danger box which audits vinegar
is it no this is moving 30 arrows you
see 10 euros 1 liter this fight
what's better buddy that's why she gets
it but she goes to a lot lot more than
we do
well we won't worries we've had it for
months yeah you kept it across on things
though
yeah
really kind of afraid though let's try
its the Buffalo I'm up amigo
Karen orange in another olive oil and a
giant cake I never try this guy look
it's peas carrots rice and Tina it's a
new one
yum-yum I can't even read that so so
many different languages
what's the English one I just I don't
know I'm just not a fan of it
you know puree potato and then there was
no add protector didn't happen so it
turns out his wife is still in a Naples
so she wasn't even dead last week and he
said she might be there for another week
or two so I know focaccia which means we
weren't late technically speaking is
that yeah yeah he was like salsa headed
your focaccia workout I was like it was
definitely better yeah like you know I
didn't soak it in olive oil I kind of
based it in olive oil you know and it
Stephanie was better I suppose you
probably have to be brave enough to like
soak it in like a leader of olive oil
you know I'm just I'm not brave enough
to do that just in case it all goes
wrong and I faced like a leader about
like what are you gonna do with it then
okay okay Andy rockets is free Wi-Fi
don't be kind of handy with it there we
go
let's brain just wanna check my ass
my Twitter that's great so that's all I
came in for it's just check my Twitter
well we're here who might as well get
some money she just nothing is that you
gonna play here like a little nacho if
two notches two three arrows we have to
get super nacho platter with chicken
marinate chicken or nachos it's like it
yours
it's a share with a group of ten or one
Joe fee and I just happen to be a junkie
we get a song done to go you know nice
I'm gonna go and you make a change then
don't actually use them anymore
come on pick something I'm starving mode
yeah and they turn oh you're terrible at
this
boy boy kind of regular I'm the way look
at that isn't that ridiculous
yeah that's a that's the Irish for water
that's a water isn't Irish
like yeah yeah but you it is ish gap but
it's probably a brand because I'm sure
HK is probably already a brand a lot at
Adventure Center I lived and worked in
Polish guy - I can open it we didn't
invent the hamburger we just perfected
it Lisa and Prophet ISA Khan it's men
talking so a long time before you run
the same mrs. I used to be can't I used
to be cool do the travels or such places
like I almost worked in then you out
there I got the job I didn't know I got
the job
yeah my sister got a job years later
they're like didn't you brother never
turned up for his first day in a job I
was like I got that's what I would like
17 is under it so now yeah it's many
pockets
let's just go to their travel laughs you
know I'll stay there I was disappointed
yeah and a tiny little saucer just cuz
you guys a bird got in its own no
banking on money car you drive I left my
hoodie outside there
it's like snowed for a second or
something it did look like snow didn't
it yeah sorry kind of it's snowing for a
second
it was like because it is like rain but
it was like floaty rain soon remembering
the core copper has okay here's the plan
this mean company here that stuff in
Douglas have the harnesses that we once
Amina's gonna wait here in the car
mmm-hmm you know wait here in the car
I'm gonna go in and get them under the
car I'm gonna put my heart up okay and
they're gonna be real like non-jovi see
really hey you got the harnesses yeah
mate quick go first
he's a buffoon
here we go nice time here we go
20 years each oh my goodness listed by
Fordham gneiss honor always work to life
but oh my goodness look they have them
now like cheapo ones but I trust them
oh no no no we want alby's one three
years ago we got alby's healthy and non
harness this brand here from the the
surgery place and it is last in three
years and it's perfect and you see here
it's got the bedding and stuff and it
has debit for their chest and oh it's
just it's been a perfect so although was
80 euros it doesn't matter now they all
have harnesses oh my god so exciting cuz
it's almost walkies time for the puppies
drop into the beds next week get them
the last stabbings we're ready to rock
and roll oh and when I was M using the
card thing the card machine broke or
something like that like there's a
little bit of smoke came out of it and
she's like and her face look concerned
and then I can little bit of smoke would
puff the head at a card machine just
like we'll have to use the other card
machine I was like what the hell
happened like what why is the machine on
fire is my card okay
well anyway we went to again and we have
to like sign void forms there's nothing
like that like I don't know what it was
everything he's I don't my god how
exciting is that oh we need a 15 for
Amelia yeah and the traffic here is
mental because this is like Douglas
Tesco is closed for like a couple of
weeks so this is like all the Douglas
Tesco traffic plus the add the regular
mass and point traffic merged into one
I suppose Wilson are probably getting a
lot of business to what weapons on the
other end of the motorway for us so it's
like I know this is like the more
convenient one but
stupid flood goodness do you ever have
you guys leave me Akane were being
caught in the flood I remember in Dublin
and Dublin got really bad flooding ones
but loads of times I were being caught
in and like and my uncle ITM get a boat
and I can say this boat and so far he's
actually my uncle's actually in the
newspaper and stuff you know my cousin
Roshan you've seen her in the vlogs a
few times seen around town her dad like
here he had an inflatable boat or
something after like inflate the boat
yes he cleans inflate the boat put a
motor on and actually drive and he drove
around all his neighbours has in his
boat like I was taking people up yeah
it's like look at this guy he's an army
man army people are always prepared
hold on oh my god there was like a
hundred billion people in there he was
crazy but I got everything done
oh look Creve isn't there Street should
we get one of those things you know well
not a I'm not a name one like what sorry
guys I dropped you know like one of
those things we'll see if I visit what's
the point yeah I don't think I get like
I just got like a black one or something
you know we should get like a BMW one
carrier give me what you got on your
hair huh huh
a little harness there bit big for them
but there's smallest ones all right next
max good okay yep you either let's go up
under the table just get a little
harness on you
okay hold on a second I know we get them
on fine good gassiness Paul likes mr16
is like bowling
Cena are you walking your dog is that
your dog
look seems like I know she's pulled it
off from all I think Neela see small
only wait wait it's different
these are like size small these are the
smallest ones they have maybe they're
just too small at the moment I suppose
it's after to go for the 12 big one and
then jeez you're in 14 or 15 weeks yeah
then we bring them out so I see the
Scottish she's she's got a heart already
she is the fattest yeah yes I did that
the first one that I got no no like I
just gotta get them used to the idea of
wearing something you know now what is
this one just being bought I've seen
this dance theater like she's going for
it yeah yeah look Cena walks them look
she got it she's to do that I think he's
walking himself
what's he doing huh come on go ahead
come on you gotta learn to walk and
relieve what
no I did what I've seen I ripped it off
oh yeah no no no cuz I did I did it's
been aged in the first one that I was
like oh this is kind of pointless
you all go you look good in your one
don't you let's take these back where
are they all give me give me that give
me that it's over tor have a pig have a
pig instead anyway - where's the other
one he's wearing one
oh I think I made it too small now no
nevermind let's take this one off though
you've been victimized come on Oh God I
got you
alright chubs chub chubs I know they
carry the fire-eaters up Oh No let's get
the quarter poseur
he'll be sorry didn't run anyone
sneaking up there
okey-dokey it's raining again
where's Doug the stuff flooded under his
desk on McDonald's stuff closed let's go
find out let's go find out on an
adventure just just so we know sooner we
decide to bring a bc9 for a little Drive
because he saw us with the harness is
narrow like oh my god I was like okay
let's bring them out for walkies oh wait
a second I forgot Ireland is a psycho
rain psycho rainy weather so you never
know what you're gonna get
well what we got was we got rain and
everything close up Oh what does this
back open oh my god isn't that crazy
should we like totally go in and see if
the food still tastes the same just
because it's open you know just out of
curiosity this is purely scientific like
I don't want to go into my balance but I
feel like for science what do you think
yeah yeah for science thumbs up for
science oh my god I got rained on yeah
look at this thing new Magisto thing
let's check that out
oh no trying to wet it on yeah can we
get the large chicken or the chicken
Magisto yeah yeah can you get that
without the the garlic mayo thing with
no sauce like yeah well Frank would you
like a bunch of meanies what
you see it single rainbow from them
stars over to McDonald's my god oh my
god is a pot of gold at the end of that
rainbow is in Ireland have pots of gold
and the sea Wow wee man that's so
amazing do they see that kids let you
know Brian Vedanti below oh yeah I don't
know like the Brian Vedanti ones but we
still have like another two seasons of
madmen to get row we just cracked open
season 3 of Mad Men Oh bad men know
Breaking Bad my behavior so Breaking Bad
yeah maybe next season will be better
Danny wasn't even in it seemed like for
two scenes so yeah Breaking Bad we've
only recently got into it my brother
keeps telling me season five is coming
it's gonna be epic epic have your
gendered fan they call it JEP ik oh that
I gotta go I gotta I gotta pay a man for
some yum-yum's hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because that
would be
