oh hello there fancy meeting you here at
this time of the day what are the
chances the chances are pretty good I
think so guys um I asked you guys for
anything because that's why I'll never
do like the king of the web or any of
those you know those voting things where
I have to asked you guys I can know you
guys pretty much every single they're
like please love me please love me
please don't even Jeremy I know most
people do it it's pretty much fine but I
just feel like I didn't get into this to
make you guys work for anything you know
and I never would ask people I call do
this and do not okay sometimes I say
comes up okay and if you want to tell me
up that's pretty awesome you know but I
just I don't know I just I feel like we
have like in relationship here I create
the content you watch and enjoy the
content and that is our relationship you
know and I like their relationship and
it's sacred and it's awesome and you
guys give me so much love and
fulfillment and I don't know awesomeness
and I hope that I give you guys
entertainment and lighten up your day
and stuff like that you know and like
when it comes to the PIO box you know
don't send us anything you know like we
like we get letters and cards and stuff
if you want to express that but don't
spend your money like you know don't
spend your money don't buy us things and
and like if you do the best thing do
just just watch the videos you know just
watch the videos everything that means
so much to us that so many of you guys
actually watch our blogs in video like
it's it's you no idea how much that
means to us and it's coming a lot to
Amelia it's gonna mean a lot to Anna and
you know and I noticed that we were
we're about a thousand subs off the 30k
you know I was like oh my god like 30k
and I was like I might do like sort of
giveaway thing when we hit 30k you know
I'm already sure I just have some
Facebook there what what do you guys
think I should do is like a good prize
or something I've never done like a
giveaway before anything like that
although I think I did one for a co t
zombies that was like a year ago or two
years ago I'm not in this not in this
channel though in another channel so
it's thinking I might do something but
it's like it's kind of point where I
kind of need something front like I want
to continue doing these vlogs for as
long as possible I want to bring you
guys entertainment
every single day for as long as possible
you know and so excited for a media
coming but then I'm kind of you know my
garlic I need this channel to grow and
it's really hard sometimes when because
YouTube has changed you know YouTube is
a lot harder now and it's not more
competitive in cellphones you know I
like everyday I like pushing a guy like
come on people who subscribe and like
and share my videos and if you happen to
be like a really big youtuber need
millions of subscribers can I have some
please Thanks
cheers Cheers thanks bees well just like
you share with your friends or something
I like you just just one time help me
help me help you
I don't really sure how it had helped
you or maybe I'll make you feel better I
don't know but I'm just trying to grow
it as big as I can before Amelia comes
just to I like them to Burton you know
um so yeah I'm gonna do one once they
hit the 30k which hopefully will be soon
or maybe I'll actually go backwards and
everybody will unsubscribe and then
that'll be really sad and then I
basically I'm talking to myself right
now although technically I'm talking to
myself so nothing would really change
set by Bilotti so I am help help Joe fee
help trophy there should be a Tigers on
that just share with your friends or
subscribe if you haven't subscribed or
something like that you know and let's
continue at our regular broadcast
schedule come on guys go go go quickly
go go got no no no no I can't put up the
stairs I'll put it right here
haha gender gender
they're so cute we are going to be green
we think we're we are not even insuring
for going to the groomers because last
night there was some serious storage but
we actually saw the lightning I saw that
the hole and the the sitter was like
speak blue light I was like oh my god
so I ran upstairs took out the vlog I
recorded for about 20 minutes and it
didn't happen again
and I was like hawks I really wanted to
record it you know and then then later
on it happened again and then the entire
like our entire States power went off at
about three o'clock in the morning and I
came out about like 8 o'clock this
morning but it was like boom and we have
our like robot has like a phone built
into it our Rooter
so when it goes on and off because you
know when I said you guys dancing you
see before when she talked to like it's
British woman I was like you know middle
life seems like there's a British woman
in my house so I'm usually the groomer
will give me a call or something about a
degree mature but she didn't and I had a
Twitter that Douglas was completely
flooded because it was raining
like crazy so learn do a quick drive-by
and make sure that I'm see if she's open
even like because that that's what
thinking cuz I know they're booked in
for today but well it could easily just
like wash them and I think the floods my
god is my hair in my face it's my hair
in my face how about that they're in my
face oh my God look at McDonald's it's
like completely overflowed overflowed is
that a word and it was like you can see
like oh look at that
flood edge oh the traffic situation in
the middle of a random-ass yeah look how
am I gonna get how am I gonna get my
chicken burger I'm gonna get my my
chicken curry I think most of its
receded by now though but you can see
like look at the dirt the muck and stuff
that's obviously overflowing everywhere
oh my goodness we should've came in
earlier we get it down splashy's I could
have brought my snorkel snorkel on my
goggles
they'd be like who's that hero with the
snorkels and the goggles
I blacked in I'm like I swear wellington
boots oh I forgot the window is open and
I said it quite loud like yes sir I'm
wearing wellington boots
goodness look at that
oh my god oh oh my god the shopping
centers flooded oh my goodness oh no oh
you got drive-thru I thought I just
dropped in the middle oh my goodness
look the whole shopping center
does that mean Tesco is probably further
is just right there
oh the other side is Tesco we actually
live where we live is on the top of a
hill so like work behind entire cork is
built on a marsh so at all we floods but
we're on top of a hill thankfully we
live on the hill
he was more all right so I'm thinking
maybe she was flooded and that's why she
didn't call - she was like panicking and
stuff look it's actually close luck oh
my god it's actually closed the whole
shopping center must be flooded then oh
no I'm over it McDonald's is closed
Tesco's closed am I supposed to get food
today
oh goodness
goodness gracious and you guys affected
by this and you guys live in Google Ads
should have got a canoe
I wonder site even closed off maybe I
can't even go up there that's I'm trying
to get you oh yeah well if I can't if I
can't get into Douglass down there then
it's over
show's over oh this is this isn't look
good it's not looking good but this hope
oh my goodness
all right this is fairly muddy here I
want to go in here when I go in here oh
my getting this Oh God
this doesn't look good after you get
married there's like I don't know how
long it takes to slowly sort of you know
get the ball rolling on changing things
but we just didn't that was when our
first we just changed set up like joint
bank accounts and we changed our name
whoever our as we were bringing our
marriage license with us so AB we're
officially financially we're merged
together next thing is like passports
and driver's licenses you know but just
take so long because like for the last
32 years I have you know being Jonathan
Joe Lee
I knew for the last 24 years to be an
annus Taccone and even when I was signed
into thing why I like you know something
signing these four years I was like oh
and I stopped I had to put a little
Ciccone squiggle in between my jelly
let's put it at the end yeah you always
forget that like but um it's kind of fun
though it's like oh my goodness it's all
about like you know you're not go your
might and then you pay for things we use
visas or you use cards or whatever like
and it's always the separate name so em
that's another big big milestone right
okay so this was not bad I was trying to
figure out I knew I could get to the PIO
box from I'm dad at UCC I mean knew I
could get through Washington Street by
cutting through these corners but look
look what I found
it's so quake cuz I was like which way
then it was like subway and I was like
I'm saying
and it'll hungry there that's the way in
ages look it's about 450 lunch yeah
seven six inch dogs and then you get
like regular training so you can choose
choose from ham chicken tikka spicy
Italian turkey breast
oh man ham meatball marinara Italian BMT
tuna plus I need even a sports drink
that's nice you know the way DM Dan you
guys have a look at the another thing he
clicking it subtitles come up and it's
always crazy wrong oh I wonder because
we're mentioning subway leave me a
comment if the subway ad played in front
of this video because it does do that it
figures out when you're talking about
because that I'd see him on there
and me oh go go that I'd plays sometimes
in front of videos okay go so leave me a
comment in the subway ad play look
subway subway subway subway subway let's
see we can force the I didn't realize
how many ORS I'd still like look at our
nice spot we got for lunch inside the
catedral so tall it's so cool
if you ever run course you should visit
us it's got like gold on the top or
something isn't it you get gold eagle
and if you can actually climb up the top
and steal it you're led harvest angel
you can ever wonder when the world ends
she blows her trumpet so if you hear the
trumpet blowing oh crap which I think I
might have happened last night in course
look at this I don't know what it is but
it's like lazy cake
you know what it is but I want it we got
it
Ivano it is just lazy cake
we're gonna get it I don't know what it
is look at this it's not so cute it's
like a basket Chloe you gotta drink it
all this is an enhancer thing to using
water every day
so we're thinking of buying it a 2-liter
bottle like this and then you have to
finish this every single day all right
you have to so I just got my hired
ironic no because I always say I know
what supplements because this is the one
that she recommended Pharoah grad C
because it's got vitamin C in it so
that's supposed to enhance the iron
absorption
apparently so alright so yeah nothing's
like Arnold it says oh yeah so it's just
one a day on top of it daily before food
but I'll just take this every morning
with my prenatal and be going there no
no there's same as my premium oh my god
in fact they're smaller than my
prenatals I could not swallow that leave
me a comment if you're like me I think
I've already asked this before
I can't I just cannot do it I have to
buy everything I enter soluble or I
crush it up in a spoon and then put it
in water and drink it and I still like
almost choke and die I just
always have been I've had like even like
it takes a lot for me to like get sick
to actually physically get what no I
mean like as in I have a relief which
colors are good to have no oh my god
stop saying words like reflux or
whatever yeah I like I don't you know I
can take a lot of stuff and like I could
probably like I don't know I should
always be like that I could feel really
really sick like I'm about to throw up
but just step it down and it's good work
I've always been like that
I've always wanted to keep it down I
hate getting seconds
but um yeah this will be interesting to
see if my energy actually changes
because I did sleep yesterday I took a
nap I'll wake up tomorrow morning it'd
be like 5 a.m.
boys you can answer like hi morning I
made some breakfast and then I cut the
grass and then they built it and then I
painted walls oh my god
I do get Bursley about sometimes really
no but not like that but I seem like I
clean like the whole house or like I
start cleaning and then I just like do
everything you know but I don't know I
don't know that has anything to do with
anything just talk about what are we
interesting to see if I like start
sleeping less you know through the day
yeah I know my sleep time you know I'm
like oh I know sleep have you got some
PlayStation in the pool that's called
the pill walk look at the mom because it
is storming it's gonna smarmy has
already started raining slightly so
before the floods the floods of rain
come let's see if we can get everyone
done we're gonna run a few minutes out
there there's no harm excited to try
these lazy cakes they make comment if
you've ever had a lazy cake yeah I was
there poopies I'll get it I'll get it
I think she's doing it
come on in everyone we need to get a
sheepdog I heard this I heard this herd
hey you guys ready I'm gonna do it ready
you ready girl obsessed mom sounds like
oh my god at the zoo it's a zoo so many
you know lowly amines and lowly huh wait
stop oh it's just you're using your
English so I thought it was me you're
talking to
should have spoken and dog I can speak
dog oh that means like look like just
hazel yeah right look I got to see how
hotel seems let me Cena oh my god
wonders the flooding that luck cuz you
guys that international folk will never
get to see this lucky damaged pasta
that's good oh come along now Pascal
this isn't over here for this guys look
that's the petrol station that's like
where Tesco is just there were
sufficient to back up drainage systems
oh my god it's so crazy then we were by
doing your own we went by
this morning we have a 14 years we
actually live like way up and heal so
I'm pretty happy I'm really happy that
we live like way up a hill we were
pretty far but we're not think too far
away from that village that town but I'm
quiting far enough away that we can get
affected but I actually watched it like
last night like I watched the turn in
writing and the power going off and
every like that and them oh my goodness
summer a puppy wakey puppy it's so humid
I decided to wear my boxers for today
oh my shirts got wet it was raining and
then I was like you know what I'm man
enough to wear boxers all day in my
pants okay yeah this this was good this
was a good investment of time and money
try to give these guys a little bit of
water let's put them outside it's enough
water for everybody out there let's get
the washout done oh the same you today
you know what he just won
yeah o'clock oh no look what happened oh
you can't see oh no oh no the times are
wrong
oh no oh no it ever happened to you it's
one of those little push in ones and
obviously I don't know if the cattle
moved or something pushed it and the
time was wrong I mean just about now
maybe that's like it's so human it is
because the times of all be wrong all
day so when it's supposed to be off it's
been on and when it's supposed to be
done it's been off I hate that there's a
beeper beeper put new battery in
yourself hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Joey and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be
