isn't it so funny when Little Miss Nene
says oh I'm only gonna make three videos
a week now makes a video about it and
then this morning she's like I feel like
making your video today like Nene's
we've just told everyone
we're Disney videos a week and I she
wants to go oh I need to get your iron
tablets but guys saying look we put
Amelia here put it in for what
I don't they need for that her friend
Joey supply we're spoiling a photo
albums me maybe Oh bingo
what about the book Tina BRE gave us
it's not like a photo album thing hey
Lois hey Lucas hey this barn
Oh seems going in for a minor operation
see this girl named for a minor
reparation see this one in fret
snippety-snip stop even though she
doesn't get her snippety-snip snob
obvious definition uppity sniffs not
already seen at first because it's the
end of next month where she gets a
little bit feisty by like boys she's
like but if more can I use my blinkers
please
that's a G what is it way more best
friends G pink is me best friend
you know I think you best friend
what are you doing in here huh she doing
here you seen a lot that he's close
you shouldn't know that he was come here
go ahead you're a little baby into the
baby see he's like she's gonna rock it
she's a rock and roller I could see he's
actually rock sitters definitely
probably does Abby likes these kind of
things
all right at we pop there you go you're
free
okay get this rock I'll be handy put our
sleep well they're all there they're
protesting not my slipper you have them
I owe you the innocent one in the game
Sienna my slipper isn't it it's over
it's over no no no what are you doing
how are you doing how's everyone doing
what are you all so wet the door open
the door is open you're playing in the
rain now we're playing in game you guys
are crazy
which is squeaking and screaming
screaming swingers they are
this is unlucky this like it is coming
back it's coming back lads it's coming
back back once again with the renegade
master is the buzzer Rita's buzzer Lee -
oh my God look at all again everyday I
pick up these plants and every day they
come back I'm like a flower
oh my god the smell when whoops and you
actually am pull these off I smell like
I think I'm in like a hydroponics lab or
something like it is so strong when you
pluck them like it's incredible and
strong like you kind of like there's not
much there's a smell always for the
Bossip now but when I pluck these things
I don't know what they release their
release something into the atmosphere
forget onto the atmosphere but they
definitely em I know how it what it does
I'm putting them in here because some of
them have seeds in them already they've
already trade like this one for example
here as you can see there's already an
actual it seems to turtle seeds in there
so I'm plopping them back in here when I
picked them off because some of the
seeds might actually be able to come
Jeremy and once it becomes ear me
they'll start to start to grow more the
reason you pick what the the seeds
off is I looked it up and it's like what
what is it about plucking the seeds up
pennies to do at em at the moment when
the plant grows right it like puts like
40% of its energy into creating into
reproducing essentially it's reproducing
the flower which creates the seed which
drops it in and grows more but if you
pluck all the seeds off
it puts 100% of its effort into growing
the Leafs
the leaves because this is or after nice
big juicy basil leafes
that's the trick Lance that's the plan
from my rocket here as well
Rockets rocketed alone I have a rocket
Sandra June speaking of rockets and
urges I think I shall make myself 101
left bingo one for me this salmon is
amazing actually amazing
who makes it I don't know she's a test
point sweet chilli it's so often Norway
so where you'll go any Norwegians in the
house make yourself known regions other
Norwegians in the house put your hand up
your hand up you guys make pretty good
salmon I must tell you it's just it's
dish what is your major malfunction what
is your major or poaching
employers it's always so hard to cut
these little buggers up because there's
just so tin I was like just pissed it
was like popping in here and pop it in
here and try and like slice down into it
so I was just as small it's like they
just end up going mushy oh I got it
bingo that's am its Joe fees trick an
orange one let's go to red one this time
just to change oh no pop cut mmm this is
the higher part because the red it's all
really mushy so I was like let's see
this is just Adam wish I wish you much
it moves you
she machine moves sure all right we're
gonna make this work if you job is
nothing right or wrong when bucola
followed by some sprinkles of soft it
needs me I wrote each echo detail on top
and make you know oily and tasty only
and tasty where is it where is it
19100 just a just a drizzle ads that's
it just a drizzle and let's close it up
nice do you want this right now oh god
it's time get rid of this thing first
oh that gap she caught most of it
that's handy I don't want that needs to
miss because I just think I don't know
you better get squished gonna get
squished we for you know here just treat
someone did you say no I didn't anyway I
don't know this is why you just like
crazy chemically so I was like maybe
Nene shouldn't do it like that corrosive
flammable bloody everything in it so I
was like no scrubbing required important
powerful cleaning instructions before
you use a wear rubber gloves cleaning
and protective arms while spraying and
cleaning avoid contact with skin and
eyes at all times if splashed to prevent
burns wash immediately with plenty of
water for at least 20 minutes and seek
medical advice is this central
electricity or turn off pilot light
actually protect the floor under the
oven and all surrounding external
surfaces this is really skimpy it's just
stuff she can well before and during use
spray on internal surfaces including
dinosaur 427 do not spray on open trim
or pilot light or heating elements close
oven door and I have to work for no more
than 30 minutes wearing gloves white
through a damp cloth or sponge taking
care to avoid contact with the skin Ivy
warehouse rashes and drips your life
will die from an event like own before
turning on electricity or lighting pie
repeat process for stubborn stains and
over soil Owens replaced
Charlie's missing cap like this this is
insane what is this stuff I never seen
it so many warnings on it like no no no
I feel like I should just do it like
manually without using that stuff that
stuff just sounds insane
the man was gonna try cleanup myself
because I'm kind of scared what do you
think what do you think do you think I
should do it what do you think hmm what
do you think what do you think Gil man
little man a little woman yeah fight
fight among yourselves and decide
yourselves and get back to me we have a
everyone's looking very concerned look
at them all I don't know about this next
okay so um I'm going to vacuum the oven
cuz I figure if I just vacuumed and all
the stuff that's in there it's not
actually dirty or grimy at all you know
look like that's not really dirty or
grimy like it's actually really good we
don't even need to do that part maybe
it's just a flower that's making it seem
like way dirty oh yeah
well that would get renewal and see if I
took all their stuff off the dirt and
stuff it doesn't actually looked up
ahead looks pretty clean to be honest
well I didn't take my second how would
we have made it that messy just seems to
be all around here so it's a boy lips of
water going on here check on me glove
ease I just I don't know it's not kind
of scared as noscoping on fire maybe
this is like for super really dirty ones
we don't have like a super ray 31 so
let's see if we can do without using the
chemicals spray that will probably cause
death to everybody in the world sounds
like it skooby skooby skooby skooby
skooby skooby skooby this is kind of
working see this stuff here the greasy
stuff nice shirts
see those come off it fits yours and it
always
uh-huh any elbow grease to get rid of
oven grease
isn't that funny that's funny words it's
not fun do you like my pink gloves do I
like a madman oh man his pink gloves
when viewing their oven real man his
pink does she get a t-shirt says that
don't you think blows okay we'll need
more spray yeah I'm actually using em
just like a flash i kitchen spray I bet
if I put that on it would probably just
like eat it up in a second and work but
oh my goodness what I did look at that
look at the water
oh my god but that was so hard to do but
so much better listen oh I'm just gonna
make that through those squeaky staff my
god that was hard like I was like run
this thing to the ground almost like
sorry but never again if I keep this up
I think I'll probably have to do this
side as well just to like make it but
look at that I'm so proud of that like
garlic you can make sure every one where
the dog was run by you couldn't even see
underneath it look we can see completely
true it now okay next in there we go
when we started and that was white so uh
welcome to my oven look i sparkly and
clean that is another like come on I
just turn this and you get the light say
I always turn the light on
alright yeah so look how shiny and clean
it is so pretty
anyway I know it's probably stupid you
buy anything you want a seagull on it
but I am very happy with my work alright
it took a long time for you this is
probably I don't know about a minute
from the time I started to the time I
finished but it took longer than a
minute next thing though and I don't
even need you next thing and I have a go
ik in these racks like this after he's a
figure out but yes yeah awesome
this just gets so long-lasting so fast
although imagine not having anything for
that lot worse well finish alright next
thing you want to take care of is this
oh my god can you see down there look at
all the molding moldy moldy for ages me
feels right I don't know I don't want to
take care of it Oh God taken care of in
a hazmat situation oh my goodness look
at all the mold amale's oh jeez oh jeez
hot cheese
so I came up with a plan no not to bid
the whole thing taking this let's bend
the whole thing to open it in a sort of
a hazmat situation so I'm gonna lift the
lid off right now close thing over
though I'm gonna lift the lid off we're
gonna try and empty this stuff out and
keep all the like you know the Spore
moldy for dust stuff and the inside here
and hopefully that one lays up escape
okay
if the blog ends abruptly right now it
means it didn't work and there probably
won't be of love tomorrow
I survived barely that's gone I won't
talk you through the process because it
was disgusting but here we go here's the
pot anyway pretty much all the stuff has
gone out of it so we're just going to
throw a little bit of very liquid okay
we're gonna just close this over I'm
gonna boil the kettle and we're gonna
sort you out mister and then we've gotta
get you the rest of all this stuff okay
miss me
oh goodness gracious me when they say
pregnancy's art that's upstairs asleep
in bed can all the work huh I need full
of water so I'm gonna need that to soak
for quite some time
then I soak this one and then I'm gonna
soak that one
and I might so that one mm-hmm
just kidding little fluffy little fluff
balls it's just easy enough to watch
because I just like your basic stuff and
then see I clean this most night so I
give this a run or watch that anyway
that's all right that's all like a clean
routine are like day-to-day cleaning
routine you know not the like the
hardcore stuff you know it's like every
night every night since we have lived
here I don't think we've ever gone to
bed and laughs dishes or plates or
anything up I don't know I definitely
think that at the definitely is like an
advantage you know like his ass we
always say they're like every time every
house that we've moved to a William
background like I remember when we were
in university informants and we're just
like in student dates and it was like oh
yeah
if you ever a student you know it's like
you don't do anything you're lazy is
pillow you have the worst food ever like
you she's such a mess you know a war
trip is just on the floor piles of stuff
on the floor you know I'm eventually you
know every time you've got like I know
more mature jofi maturing doubt you know
until you've got better in bed right and
these are like have we've learned to
like I don't know like fine-tune our
routine you know so every night the king
of everything wash down the counter is
vacuum clean the kitchen like just make
it class because if you get up in the
morning and the place is messy at all
you're not gonna want to do anything you
know you just want to you know that
you're just gonna want to make another
mess you know and it's like I've like
every every morning like you want to hit
a restart so but every night pinging
everything up definitely works at your
advantage that's why I like our house
like this is what I it's like so super
clean I don't Eve ever be messy and I
love that I think is Anna you know and
she does she's a lot of motivating I do
like to kind of icky stuff in the motors
but that the motivating to keep it clean
is probably Nene's but I yeah I don't
know in the comment you take our houses
kid
tada how's that nice to wake up to yeah
I don't care you
that's all I have to do with the get
alone okay well I can now charge my
yesterday
Lulu dresses under fund travel no anyway
that's so cool I'm so proud of that it's
so nice and shiny because up bloody pot
was there and you can hardly see that
thing for ages it was so annoying oh
they were doing the process put it all
into a bag yeah and then I like steal
the bike and just had my hand lock
dinner and flipped it over and then
brought it outside and then use the
garden tap to knock it out of the mold
then I flushed it down the toilet and
then I flush the toilet afterwards and
then I soaked it for about half an hour
in boiling water expected and again
let's not make too much food again
because that's what happens that's what
happens I'm just gonna make food for two
I don't care about leftover because even
if we do like freeze or refrigerate
leftovers it never gets eaten I was
looking at our new roommate we got a
roommate guys we got a new friend a hend
friend no no everyone's always like oh
my god of the display tour please put a
warning I would never show you guys a
spider without a warning why would I do
that to you okay so it's just this guy
over here get in
it's getting closer to daddy longlegs
the daddy certainly has long legs as
long as he stays there everything will
deal Kito keys so we are gonna watch
that out what to expect
expecting or whatever it's called but I
flew insane it's not that good you know
so I think they might have taken like
got the license from the bulkan and
Lowe's we went see I don't know if you
don't see it let us know in the comments
below
Wow but we've decided to go see that
Five Year Engagement said because the
guy from Parks and Rec is in it I love
him and even Parks and Rec and also the
trailer was kind of funny buses by their
producers or something of bridesmaids
and bridesmaids was absolutely give
Schmidt bicha so yeah we're gonna check
that out mama starlight and Emma wanted
to come as well today I think that
already at my own point and one of us
was too busy doing the cleaning someone
was too busy getting up easily
although without the sleep that you're
having and meeting it must be really
beautiful
well I need to get my irons
Christ or do they assign McCauley
never probably open with me next when
you get in a half seven everybody open
play and if they're closed for most
chemists open for like half eleven are
like eleven you know this is my penance
by the way because I drank Nene's to
Prometheus I have to pay for it now pay
back but um next there must be some
winner it's my turn next then nice or if
you got games and give me some comments
most with some good sci-fi alien Spacey
action-adventure something with no love
involves and drama so thank you in the
big screen number one so I will forgive
you that's what I've seen I accept
I decided it's items like them to make
is a paranormal activity where a fan of
the Paranormal Activity end very much so
look at me I got the popcorn to know
announcer oh there there waters such
girls if you go to cinema what do you
get some comics not sure how this
happens poof we ended up in
and did I know that you stole all of the
napkins
poor Emma got a shop she came and put
the glasses down and then she came
running back you notice that it was like
water cinema water so what do you think
in a fella me needs
yeah
I can feel about it I think evil was
better than you don't you know what it
was
no it wasn't a few little things in
there we were watching a trailer unlike
video and Ireland has a TV cheap player
they play this ad continuously over and
over again right and it basically seem
like good and then we showed you guys
each other yesterday who's completed at
the trailer showing after that was what
the trailer onto a test date the other
one was like the best bits you know and
it was more of I don't her in any case
you haven't seen it
I didn't feel like buying um medium no I
got I got iam it's on this side
Oh med young medium
thank you thank you gonna cheat about oh
it came in to kind of like no no Liam's
normally in situation this is not nice
all the way they don't anyway
that add an extra are you gonna add say
stairs oh no I'm not really dressed with
a winter weather yeah like a mile over
that way
Oh God does anyone feel like coming
around and collecting me a comment did
you want to come and collect me Thanks
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
