wow what a lovely postcard we just
received we just came down the dogs beat
us to it
so yeah that's that's brilliant
that's brilliant but tight over the
middle pillowcase thing some beauties
Pilates I don't even know what the
purpose of these pillowcases are little
baby ones we all suck it out I mean you
know Bianca you know being you know
being oh oh happy focus is such like
introductory training to having a baby
because you have to get up at the back
give it like and I kind of usually do
the first one which is about seven I get
up and then I let them all out and I'll
being Sina and they all go pees and poos
and on itself and give them a little bit
of tension then put them back in bed and
then go back up to bed and then I'm
gonna get look like an hour or two later
and she'll bring her back yet again and
then she usually tends to bring your
breakfast then but it's the point not
like you know nighttime is where you
gotta put them at a nine you know it's
kind of it's an introductory like it's
obviously not gonna be as insane as it's
going to be with them Amelia thank you
this much Tyler gave me this yesterday
oh oh ow mo cow and he ganas came to
dump that's okay cuz I don't know where
need for recipes oh yeah a couple you
guys were asking right this this is all
the stuff that we got from the you mom
pack thing I did actually record us in
the car opening and all that stuff but
then as you saw yes the video or the day
before when they did this it was almost
attorney in a vlog so I was like I don't
know but I gotta cut something out so
and recording all this defect but um
this is we got into baby oil
so thingy I had a clue what this is for
it's like a syringe II type thing
no idea these are awesome because we
actually use them so course√∂ baby
fragrance why it's color catcher no idea
what that is
child safety in the car this is a movie
or something
this short DVD will help you choose to
Jack correct childhood stage and also
you know me next when you show you had
to fit it in your car Oh fantastic from
the same international traffic Bureau
dr. clone doctor doctor doctor doctor
doctor doctor
so can smooth moody any what this is
what is this eczema or dry skin okay
cool you got magazine I know it's like
other kind of marketing Patchouli's
kotori's all sorts of stuff free
photography lessons or geography lessons
yeah yeah not to mention the oil shop
that we got so that's pretty cool if
you're in Ireland you'll hook yourself
up one of them and my friend wow that's
a lovely picture I bet you are the baby
baby ones you're so close to the baby
Kisame do two things my ex and those
jeans now because I am a mouse from oh
my god it's so cute isn't it
all I get is guys mom Australia I got
this look it's so cute isn't it and I
look I mean yeah Dumbo Oh God it is a
pretty cool t-shirt bird stick feet die
okay we got to go find the house - okay
- okay got my shoes on my weight have
you seen it
now I knows my now house good dogs
alright better get this done
wait out there for about two hours I
thought like oh we're just gonna go for
five minutes I'm gonna be in two hours
we get that anyway I just thought am I
was looking to something here and I
taught um this one I show you
something's been a lot of them
discussions in the comments about where
I put the baby seat in the car about is
the middle safer the sides and left and
right and I know when Arlen like um I
always put it all I've never had a baby
before but I always assumed everyone
puts it in the side of that car you know
and I said that on Twitter Facebook and
everyone's like no no the middle is
about in the middle is better you know
so I've never heard of the middle but
anyway this is really funny because this
came this is child safety official or si
guide which is for Ireland he's even
look to Road Safety Authority and that's
actually Irish there so as you can see
here see behind mom on the side open the
page up see on the side not the middle
turn the page see on the side on the
side the side at the side and it's a
pregnant woman so the Irish government
says to put the seat on the side do not
put the seat in the middle which kind of
made sense to me like I don't know like
leave me a comment if you can if you can
explain to me why the seat should be in
the middle because I know you guys were
saying like if a car hits you from the
side and stuff my car has a roll cage
it's got arm bars all the way true it
like he's designed to withstand impact
buts it's BMWs they're they're pretty
good like that was the part of the
reason why I like you know when I was
like okay I got my in your car but I
want to make sure that it's a safe car
and you can't get any safer than the
Germans you know so and then secondly if
if anyone's in the middle all right and
you could have a full-on
crash okay I think it's better if you're
like obviously it's clamped in we bought
there like like I think was like the
next 100 euro is to buy the ISOFIX
that's designed to wit like to take any
impact from it so it doesn't actually
know it'll absorb the impact it'll stop
the C from
but let's say we don't even have that in
the seat flies forward and it hits the
seat in front I think that is a better
impact then flying forward pass my seat
through the front windscreen and sliding
down the road or or worse
so that's initially why I did it because
I thought it made more sense but if you
think it like I don't know every country
is different I suppose every country is
different so maybe there's there's a
different reason but I just thought it
was you know it's like any luck I just
want to highlight that in Ireland this
is how we do it the old Bob against
toads Bubba gate oh my god look what I
got guys I've been talking about this
for all ages broken ghosts Oh yummy
yummy look at it
peas and tuna no kind of nuvvula oh my
goodness I love these so much I love it
so much so much so hi guys what's the
craic hey I'll be trying to go upstairs
or do you want to maintain a full-time
and right here huh what you want to do
what you want to do when they come for
you
bad boys bad boys what you gonna do what
you gonna do let me come for you oh
that's tricky it's a tricky Dicky come
on let's go
let's go come on crazy let's go let's go
let's go let's go come on
good boy so we're on our way to our
obstetrician appointment he could not
see us we were supposed to have this
earlier today work by the caller's yeah
and she said that we actually hadn't
remember one time I have it on a card
somewhere but I don't remember one time
and he called us and he asked if because
I think he was doing like a
really
but anyways alban he said could we
reschedule half past six just so
annoying because i was went to skype
a friend of mine who lives in the States
and I was we were supposed to Skype at
6:00 and I forgot to tell her that this
was happening so I couldn't do it so
that was that I was kind of looking
forward to that holding anyways so we're
heading there now which feels weird
because it's like evening time and we
usually have these things in the morning
but it's gonna it's gonna it's a fun
evening activity that's just hope now
that we have grown yeah fingers possibly
have grown according to the ultrasound
technician yesterday Monica was really
nice and I told her I was like
- it's gone it's just measuring kinda
small and what do you think like you
know obviously I'm gonna take the doctor
like my doctor says
the
yeah but I just wanted to know like her
opinion or whatever and she was like oh
no you're measuring right on and I could
see their numbers because I don't know
what it is but I always watch these
numbers and then it's awkward number but
she said we're right bang on three weeks
and she's like you sure he says he's
like yeah and she's like did he met her
just from here about any word from the
older sibling I was like no no I
understand thing and she was like oh
she's right on three weeks was like a
shadow I think you had a growth spurt so
fingers crossed
he won't confirm this for us and I'm
looking forward to being into a but I
always forget to do it so this time that
we were in the hair yep they actually
got here yeah in like 15 minutes
you know without actually pushing it you
know so it's good to know that like in
the in the case of a labor
an emergency labor situation it took
about 15 minutes to get here
could you imagine in like alright like a
month even in seven weeks we're saying
this in a pregnancy blog that we shot
today it was like technically speaking
in seven weeks we could actually have
their baby because we're full term in 37
you know Anna 40 is probably when but
our friend actually did it I like 37 or
38 weeks you know so it's like like you
might be like like timing the
contractions like oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
I can tell you how to dilate or whatever
it's not dilated oh it sounds are like
you should be in the hospital right
times your contractions in oh my god how
exciting is that gonna be like only like
oh my god you have to remember
everything I don't actually know no cuz
you're gonna be in there for like a day
afterwards right the day or two or three
or whatever so don't to bring like the
car seat and everything like still have
to go home and feed the dogs and what
are the plans play a bit of PlayStation
go out for lunch
you know that's 2:45
it's more thankfully we have phonies
terribly cons because if you just went
live
yeah thanks fear comments guys really
appreciate that in our time of meeting
there is a box of coins over there and a
princess castle I'm not sure ever ready
to get into the princess castle okay
we're oh yeah okay wrong for little
things I knew it so it's all good
everything's perfect anyway perfectly
you kind of flunked your address again
at me everything perfectly
the relief two weeks of like yeah was
that my blood you're in everything was
perfect I don't have UTI Jesus my iron
levels were perfect the only thing not
wasn't with my own store
yeah so that means that the baby is
taking all of my iron she's like
measuring right on track and heartbeats
good she's like whoa it's like so active
yeah she's really active and then also
but I noticed as well when we were going
in there that she just started to wake
up because I know when he em what he
missed it his friend he's like what is
that when you put you're in bed that he
put the gel on and then he was like and
he just took a quick cuz he started
prodding but no but you know we're like
I always like Pokey about comfor until I
grab a handful of her like you like grab
your head or something they're like yeah
she just like oh my god it was just
turned around
and he was like I missed that but jovis
thought and he was just like whoa and I
felt it and I kind of saw it as well
but it's funny cuz she has an eye he was
like it looks like she has gotten bigger
booty cuz I'm busting out of this chop
as well the buttons are like you know
and you couldn't ID him up anymore so
the one thing that I thought was really
interesting was that my blood work and
urine and everything came back I don't
have a UTI and I
don't have no art yeah I don't have low
iron she was like your iron levels were
perfect now then the other thing came
back whatever I don't know they have
they came back in two parts and your
iron store was low so that's why you've
been feeling super tired and I was like
that's so cool about all make sense no
like everything makes cent it's so funny
how you know your body you know and she
was like it is normal to feel tired in
the third trimester anyway but she said
that might explain what your feeling is
so tired you know lately so I need to
take an iron supplement so that's cool
but it just basically means and I even
asked her that and she said yeah that
that's right that the baby is taking
like my iron levels ordinarily were fine
and yeah she's the baby is taking
everything cuz this is when the baby me
it's like to grow the most and she takes
everything and then but that leaves me
with nothing so I don't have any enough
iron stored to keep both of us like okay
so she was like baby's fine to do that
you have to like them you know replenish
your iron levels so that's cool because
that means it just explains everything
and so like I'm not scientific at all
I'm not into science at all but I just
think that's so cool that like
everything makes sense that must be
white scientists like their job it must
be or like medical people because
they're like they like you know to be
able to explain things like this is
white this happened that I don't know I
just never thought of it that way when
I'm like this
Anna has just discovered science so I do
okay what's the plan sir just pop around
you okay so I think we didn't factor in
someone's just grabbing a quick
calculator dare 150 and chopping plus
some Nikon's hi we had a tough day you
guys had a tough day I have to go to day
one I feel like we're leaves though to
know that ass she's okay
do you want to pop in now wait here okay
so who's that or do you think go be
little be kosher the party because
alright
you just kind of pull up across
everybody here I think I'll be kosher
time so I'm not actually left me a
common ones or a tweet once I don't know
if was a comment of Twellman it's like a
feed on a comment deployment and she
said her mom works in that contour her
dad's the chef something like that
something along those lines so am you
your parents your parents make amazing
food Mac aren't I
Douglas do not today they're at a food
was on the left there so leche Everton's
gone now someone before us had ordered
like a huge big one and she's gonna give
that to me they just are saying
everything's like octopus and stuff and
I was like I don't think we got out the
bus so I turned out it was hers not mine
so I think that's what they were waiting
on I was just playing with the cash what
can you see in it oh yeah oh yeah
mm-hmm mountain of green high tree I got
the boring rice no good means may we eat
it what is it what kind of rice to brown
I was this brown rice was thought sticky
like the other ones oh that's not right
it's Brandon fide rice it's not boiled
would you prefer fried rice or boiled
rice Commandos I think I prefer fried
rice but I'm a father now
this isn't cheap box be made up here huh
well cheap box are leftover skewers
what's that job I don't think you've
ever had
well yeah probably and oh my goodness
this is a tasty collection collection
box feel free that anything for the
collection box
did you like carrot stick in the carrots
stick in the carrots come on just a hint
of a darts nice all up there like come
on a long time this is a nice actually
what is the duck chicken and Karis
surprise not for dogs this is nice black
should they should start selling this
like it created a new recipe or
something yeah probably
oh my god
is it a magnet or something yeah so cool
so cool
you should make like a teeny tiny little
dinner be so cool that's that's mere
food for the week
that's shopping fun
une outside everyone outside
is it gto time is it gto time oh my
goodness oh my god
she's like you should join the circus or
something oh if you sit you got it
straight away Oh carrots for the puppies
carrot what a puppy's can deduct the
oven Xena is there like where are we
getting any okay Ally better is coming
for you this is LV suit she's mental
she's like jumping on everyone there's
carrots like in a better place yank is
mental
traces of duck here oh you're gonna get
my love it's done dance dance dance
dance dance I'll be found next I think
I'll be lie down
I'll be Street alley alley oh there you
go she's faking it
she's just like swallowed
Seanie no no no no no no no no no no no
my god the boy oh goodness
then the still even work they are crazy
like backflips the trough the
trafficking planes down it's just right
scene is so good though she always lets
them have everything she's way too good
way to go John Cena sometimes you gotta
be you gotta be a little bit mean to
your kids hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's can don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
