nice move so we're in Cashel on our way
to Dublin
I'm so excited if you Amelia today
that's very loud I'm so excited to see
her carrying the 40 thing you can
actually see her face
you know so that's like so incredible I
won't let you see I mean its face today
maybe sure wink apparently they're
saying that like you know she is super
like moving around and open your arms
and waving and waking and blowing
bubbles and oh my god that's crazy to
think that she can see all of that
happen today it's almost like you think
she's fully formed and everything it's
so crazy so excited you can become if
you've ever had a 4d scan and anything
like always a second how can it be a
fourth dimension because there is only
two dimensions X Y and Zed where is the
fourth dimension Canada four dimension
is that time a card because you can
actually see it moving within time I've
got a rumble in my tongue boy
so I got myself a rumble look at this
device here that's natural yogurt this
is like some sort of a strawberries and
and no I don't know
oh I removed it rumble s Rumble is looks
good they didn't have that before no
they do not have it before this is a new
thing what I was looking for a fruit cup
but a calorie isn't like a little fruity
thing so looks pretty good Jack and I
just mix it all together
yeah just Oh shake well and pour good
slurping wind grill you pour this into
this yeah oh we got em put that in there
look it's tiny this is huge this is the
bowl plus look I made a spoon guys this
is really clever like a cutting I mean
you can make it by hand okay
well hello old stomping ground
we are just outside doggy oh my goodness
haven't been here in two years we used
to live here need oh my god
if you watch the vlog I think I was
sitting right here when I when we told
her about getting engaged this is where
I rank root cuz we were in the M subway
and I ran route on this road heading
home yeah oh yeah oh my god as I miss
this spot I must say I really enjoy
living in doggy
I love the looking near the beach two
views two mountains
alright son Larry Larry and you guys
live a deliriant we meet up oh I'll be
gone by the time you actually see this
so we're gonna me Leonie up I'm so
excited oh my goodness
but it was right here we're meeting her
what if she winks why didn't she waves
right I'm obese overweight will wake her
up down that shower coffee I didn't
drive all this way to have you sleep
young lady you hear me but you put you
put your good to cool on awake now
anyway and then we're going to see the
consultant tomorrow and then I'll be in
Sina getting a haircut and oh it's a
full week and we're doing and we're 30
weeks officially turning weeks today oh
my gudd oh my gudd you ever hear me
saying that that's a reference go back
and watch the wedding video it's like
near the start it
and I'm standing outside the door of
wherever was meeting up before the
wedding part and OMA comes out I know
yeah yeah yeah real oh my not almost I
lied and who was I think your uncle was
talking about something and he was and
she was saying like oh he was like wake
up jack yeah you said to my brother he
was like are you ready to fry Jaka and
almost like oh my god it's so funny so
every time something like that happens
always like oh my son
so German like yeah go back and leave a
comment on the wedding video and said
Joe ffice in the future sent me here see
up here guys is where I almost went to
college instead of going to the UK in
here look don't learn Institute wait
doesn't what on okay you missed it it
was dangerous was there this place has
changed so much and you guys live here I
don't remember it it's like so different
it's like apartment blocks are warned
apartment blocks and like stuff has
changed and around they should never
change anything it's too confusing
it may not be a problem spot like right
across the road you think this guy near
ight now other pointed thanks Kelly
Kelly in the drawer little kerlick you
can practice how much you're offering
yeah you are okay thank you what up I
gotta say guys nice to know you're in
quality probably care for a sweet place
it's going don't you look like look at
this we got the spot like right there
that was that some risk I pull net just
as we came up you do get a DVD but sure
you know I'm just gonna get your name in
here hello I can you make it do party
tricks first yeah there we go dance
how about joy my dad you got it so big
one of your bum all right and now
excited you actually be able to see like
the face and everything she's looking at
us
yes okay sneak peek so excited to see is
it gonna look like more like an ax or me
because the girl were kind of hoping
that looks like an ax
it's all in the corner
when's the last time we have snack two
weeks ago and let you mean you'll see
this is the umbilical cord here so
that's I think they could not obstruct a
little bit but hopefully
so
by this is a bit of a bill of course on
sort of looking this way yeah
so that all in front of your mouth and
that's probably hard for me and we're
out there she's starting to move for us
see ya Chewie
oh my god is that horizon her nose
method absolutely oh my god it's real
yeah
you have to remember that it is a
computerized likeness of their baby but
it is quite pretty accurate
what I always do to a girl little pokes
like this oh my god you see yeah you
could see for the folks did you see that
no oh yeah oh my god she's winking at me
what's up dad do you think she looks
like Hannah I don't know I don't know
either
I can't lips Rose its little shoes for
that boy yeah oh yeah yeah what's hold
hands huh
roll you over see your line on your left
side and hopefully that get up to
something clear okay if I like
so this is her back here and then
on lazybones
always sounds like some sort of a horror
movie it's like a dubstep is it possible
to see the heartbeat like because
sometimes when I look down at my belly I
can see yeah it looks like it's robbing
or is that just that me it's your artery
how the housing beneath her right as you
know just like we can't see our own yeah
I'll be hiding
Oh morning
yeah
No
oh that's perfect was that little total
big yawn yeah try hide
so cute she liked drinking or eating
yeah well drinking and there are
nutrients tasty
ahaha what do you think Jonathan Luigi
looks like I think she looks like it's a
Coney like what you are like when you
were a baby
yeah I think maybe the lips Linna yeah I
hope so
just seeing pictures of me Oh a little
definitely layer
it's so weird like it's inside you right
now I know it is what does it feel like
you know when you're looking at it a
couple of times she kicked a little bit
and I actually saw it happen and then
you know felt about the same time that
was weird it's so cool
making two months we're actually gonna
see her for real
incredibly you can do that nowadays like
this yeah
okay
there's no mistaking like okay whew
bringing home a boy like all the the
back of clothes yeah return them all can
we return these for blue for dinosaurs
you move closer to me oh that's it and
I'm gonna keep you that way just to see
if they're BB just to change position
prefer on Instagram we started yesterday
on Facebook
this is your debut right kids can you do
- all and your phone my phone miss
where's your home Oh in my bag was just
there
that's a nice one
this is your name and everything the top
it's kind of cool would you get a Miss
in my back Thanks
can't believe how good it is it's so
amazing like that's so cool like all the
pictures and the DVD like everything
that we just think yes why there were
moments when I paused it if the game
wasn't looking yeah when I rolled an
adopts of it you know you got the best
of around 50
it's so cool like who put that up in the
channel like we definitely recommend
this it did Blackrock so you've been to
Dublin area or we came from quark so
yeah yeah it's such a nice place like
very nice very my which one make it nice
for yeah I know it does yeah it's
definitely worth it yeah I'm the
receptionist yeah it's really hard left
me oh my god I was so good mean yeah I
just want to say something to you if
you're listening to me now okay we're
coming up on something that I never ever
want you this is like an in Dublin joke
which like seriously I never ever want
you to go here okay
hold on that's right Hannah second we
just at the traffic move up here
did we stop outside okay see this place
in here okay I wanted someone turning in
get it away
I'm trying to make a fun joke here you
just place in here
okay run if I never go there so I never
go there okay it's called the Weslie
okay and I know you might hear stories
about your father your father being
there but they're all lies okay I never
ever ever went to a disco as a child
specifically after Wesley oh goodness if
you get the joke you have to be from
Dublin but I don't do some comments if
you ain't in a Wesley Connors up wasn't
for the win
okay the planets against the airport I'm
now on leasing Street
something went wrong in the plan oh no
Liam boop boop boop boop boop no Liam
this is Dublin city centre guys this is
what I want I just wanted to show you
guys around
that's why I came here that's seriously
uh I was in Blackrock and then I was in
Donnybrook and I was all like yeah yeah
yeah
can't remember fully had to get to the
airport but you know I didn't want to
think you have 50 but now I'm here oh oh
oh no casebook Whaley's fuck wait fuck
where is the guys I was like I got an
observable oh he's one of those
youtubers
mmm-hmm no sister piece of him later Oh
Oh Sonny ambulance oh it's okay okay
carry hot
whoo go it Scott I thought that was this
dopey jokes
Ramar see Oh God okay now now where the
frak are we what I didn't want to go to
Dublin Castle oh look okay now it's
taking a right but this is this is
insane okay know what where's the signs
oh god oh god
fancy just right where the fuck are
Liberty market okay now this is this is
this is beyond job doctor please don't
walk in front of me please don't drive
ever oh my god yes
I'm not from the big city bring me back
the cork yes you are you're from here oh
I'm a little sad side boy I'm not
supposed to be here oh my god is reality
now I don't remember having to go over a
bridge this does not seem right I'm
going over this bridge
oh no look look j22
the airport this way Oh Oh God we're
dead Oh God okay Troy's a doctor quirks
goodtime Emporium
I think it's exam it was at a casino
strip club Aria strip go casinos good
night Emporium could be a good time for
you Oh what get your money back and you
don't have a good time yeah what is that
leave me some commenters if you know
what that is god I don't even know where
I am where is this I don't know where
this is
give me some comments let me know I am
and I would appreciate please please
Thanks
is this place owners the McDonald's well
nice you know there's a McDonald's here
where I hope I'm just I'm hoping this is
the way to the airport
come on give me a sign we as reaffirm
reassure me that I'm on the right Road
we're on a road to no world
alright now how did we end up here I
think this is a vanilla mall battle
among Edler head a little more haha at
the Blazing Saddles reference we got a
Teddy hmm look honey we're standing in
hitting upon shoes that's heavily yeah
but this is the ballet LeMond also known
as ben-amun
look guys I'm presuming give an eye in
light some of the changes it's a giant
like here again I try and I kia time
labret Kia yes that's where I want to be
I want to be one of those people except
on one of these people right okay we can
figure this out whoa we did it
congratulations ladies and gentlemen you
have made your way to the airport the
global plane in the floral little plane
above all right next stop trying to
figure out where mama
they touch down in 1455 we are here 1454
woohoo hello you find specimen of an
airport now where to park
follow the blue signs follow the
Poussin's I guess that's the right thing
to do nah I think Izumi's that guy's
famous on YouTube now you're famous what
you do that's problem how did we get out
of here like you have
Wendy isn't that what they called in one
direction Wendy Paul I'll never forget
that mouth I was so funny wasn't it
see it's landed should say landed or
something our Derrick landed landed
landed landed all their own to say
landers Naples still 800 50 25 loads I
meant well then we're getting nice yeah
we'll get lunch so if you guys watching
this we haven't got lunch cuz you guys
were late that's what happens we're
standing here looking at the time Nina
22 weeks ago and then we're back again
did you bring the passport yes let's get
out of here oh my god you probably got
mine in there as well do you know oh
yeah I see the plan huh so all of a
sudden the ticket arise and next thing
you know he knees off and I'm on my own
great do you feel unlucky oh let me just
pop down to new Menzies right here for
you Tony nice
I'm sorry just push it away you're like
pregnancy rules hmm
look you got grapes cashew nuts grilled
chicken and some sort of a yogurt sauce
that's good enough family
yum yum you got a car thing look
everyone else's card it's a guys you got
you got something on yourself
J like the air hostesses like no
probably not
we were just discussing this I don't
think I've ever come have an airport
until we've been here waiting for you I
mean it ever happened
I don't know maybe she's where my family
wired it always be like waiting nights
right and she used she's excited to see
Rome I know it's cuz I just hate hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
