these Happy's no sleepyheads oh don't we
sneak Behance
what was that what did you think what
did you say there tell me what you said
tell me what you said oh you better
green goopy stuff what is that come here
to me what is that what is that oh we
got it I got it
no it's like grass or something we'll
just put it over there whoa you've grown
so fast little puppy what
oh it's question right here trying to
get a nip there get in there
who's she she's a crotch sniffer oh my
god married in the crotch sniffer it's a
rainy day so you can't go outside
can we go outside give me go ahead give
me go ahead say anything a little crotch
sniffing there now mom I know who drew
cracks no frizz it's oh is it
all kitchens for that she's the one ever
singing six agape yeah we were looking
at the video of Aldi when he was like a
baby and it looks exactly like nuvvula
oh goodness
so I am hungry what do you have for
lunch is lunch bunch munch a meal
flowers it's me all flower
these are doing nicely flower isn't it
makes they're so pretty
they're so dangerous
who's it dangerous so we just leave it
there forever now no way can you guys
see that that's a that's white and
fluffy
I don't remember to dinner being white
and fluffy per say oh you know just make
it you know save it's tough we don't
have any like containers that will fit
that amount of food we made way too much
and I was like yeah we got two days out
of it but in this still tons left yeah
so I just left it there and then no one
ate it though it's grown a farm not this
kind of farm not a good farm that's not
the kind of farm I want to be a farmer
associated ready the association of mold
farming I would say there is some sort
of a mold farm to be a mold farmer mom
and son I'm and daughter no no
it's okay they always play together I
think she loves playing with them
children yeah i know-oh-oh Izzie no lb
backsies I'll be cutscenes now because
how could you put your pickle did you go
oh oh oh oh oh I think someone's coming
someone's haired the fun let my slippers
slippy slippy slippy stop snippy snippy
snippy stop that
oh god yeah about the gays they're not
up there not up there just in the hall
gonna get me in trouble all right
okay guys enjoy the summer you and see
what happens go on go on
Becker copy piscina copy piece copy
piece no no no didn't happen
and I will take them out in a second so
we just recorded a skylight video it's
quite at like I don't know if you guys
saw it or not well we just started talk
about well Anna started talking about
some stuff you know it's like you know
and we're tired and trying to do these
videos and stuff and why like I've been
in some of the Starlight videos and and
why we're like moving and stuff because
like we never we never really like
talked about certain things when it
happens matter like how someone's having
a hard day I think these are his
favorite days isn't that right that's
all I'll be ever once to do is just be
at home with us I don't know just
hanging out he's never being would be
into walks or it plus it's disgusting
today so unfortunately unfortunately
unfortunately I don't think they're
gonna get a walk today cuz it's just
like it's just pissing rain oh hey see
knees and I'm not procrastinating okay I
it's like half past 6:00 or probably not
we got up super late this morning so
we're probably not gonna eat dinner
until like a little bit later so it's
tough trying plus it's still kind of
bright outside so it's okay didn't feel
about late but the whole day I've just
well I throw in a video today and
everything but the whole day of being
like I need to clean because I basically
do like this whole I have this like
whole cleaning routine I'm like what do
you know about it but anyways but
because I've been so tired I've been
slacking so yesterday I was supposed to
clean the toilet downstairs which
doesn't really get use that often but
you
when it still need to be cleaned but
these puppies just start barking these
two toilets like that one our ensuite
one and that one they get clean all the
time because they're the ones that get
used
but um yeah the dance tears one just
needs basic like maintenance whatever
and then today I was supposed to vacuum
and dust like the hallway and the
landing the vacuuming is like my least
favorite thing to do because it is so I
don't know I feel like it's a workout
and now that I'm more tired it's even
more tiring so I'm just like oh god I
can't do such a weekly but seriously
like before I didn't like it and now I
just hate it even more so I have to do
that and then vacuuming the stairs as
well that's like the worst ever I
remember my mom and dad like that was
the one thing does my mom did everything
pretty much like she kept the house
clean she cooked she just did everything
she did laundry like everything and um
my dad went to work and whatever but the
one thing that she just like would not
do or refuse to do was vacuuming the
stairs that was always my dad's job so I
just thought I was really weird I don't
know do any of you guys have that thing
where like you know one of your parents
just like has a particular job or chore
that they have to do leave comments and
let me know I know usually for men it's
more like the gardening thing and like
the clean up outside and or like the
bins or just something that's really
like kind of dirty and not very nice for
women to do but women do dirty jobs too
because like toilet cleaning is not fun
okay so yeah I have that to deal and
then oh yeah I need to clean their oven
because it's sick like it's so
disgusting because it's not actually
filthy from like dirt or anything but
it's um basically javis his fault
because javis Oh God
my puppies why is there pee there my
name is Josephus when he was making all
the pizzas and stuff
he put well he didn't do it on purpose
but the flour got all over the baby
flour got all over the bottom of the
oven so now it looks gross like it looks
filthy so I need to clean it but I don't
know what's gonna work because we don't
have any a little thinner and yeah
what's that
what did you say wait can you say and
for some reason I feel like the house of
always the house always looks like ten
times Messier on a rainy day do you guys
ever fill out that Oh good puppy dog you
don't know if you're a boy you girl who
are you you Nevaeh yeah good girl new
there we did pee pees on them Matt but
um yeah I feel like the house always
just looks filthy oh and it's when it's
gross outside and on sunny days the
house always looks clean and nice and
fresh I don't know what might just wait
crazy but let me know if you guys think
that do let's see if the puppies will
set ready sit good girl and nuvvula sit
good boy Theo oh oh oh don't steal my
awesome okay sit sit new van sit sit
down good girl
oh my god oh yeah that's it good girl
Bianca see see with practice you will be
perfect
come puppies oh that's good come on okay
is everyone climb it up is everyone
climbing up isn't it
to me listen to me now listen to me now
look at that ouchies chew on my hand put
you my fingers off
don't you my fingers off AVI hmm do you
know such a little troublemaker
tio and behind curtain troublemakers
yeah they over there seeing big licks
next verdad Inc see me getting mad it
ain't got you stay over here you know
leaving tio work together like I wonder
who pushed over to gage huh I wonder who
it was
huh ganking tio working together you
can't be one inch off at the same time
leave
oh my goodness you guys are so two
little brats huh
maybe she's gonna fight me yeah but see
news huh new news you know friends
don't mind them oh my nose are the
ruffle he's over there I wasn't sure he
deserved this no so gentle
yeah she's the only one that can't want
open a nice - yeah that's what I'll be I
started chewing that she's doing right
now
always always like if the rest of them
are playing yeah she's usually off yeah
yeah she's here beside Alby well good
message mankind in a hand it's a handful
get to my love Mews ninis Oh Bianca
otherwise I know they've the best one
who's that Cena who's they had attacking
it
Oh careful there oh goodness
come on hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
