come here to me can we see your face
last night her filty again they found
you know like should I corner that's
offer something should I stop that you
guys in there okay no you're having fun
and I know your dogs like should I just
let them get all mucky Oh God he just
washed them what are they doing
look what is the plan hey what are you
doing in there
hmm are you eating it or what you doing
huh in the name of the Jobos assume that
thing sits on the floor there all right
I see a little car clumping nothing
something a flower but I'll just
disappointed
it should be my oh there is Malabar is
there okay I suppose I just climbed this
down into the metal bar is it just be a
metal bar right underneath the steep oh
wait
nope does not explain anything it's this
thing here that there is something and
this does something alright let's try
the old ramming technique just jamming
it behind the seat and see if that does
anything we decided we're gonna put it
behind my seat because I'm I looked up I
was like is there any particular special
way like you're supposed to put it
behind the driver or the passenger or
anything and everybody said no like
don't worry about it like has to be like
a a front-facing or something like that
so I was like oh well we put it behind
me so Ivana has to like sitting in the
back or she sits in front of a put her
seats all the way back so she can keep
an eye on Amelia then it won't be weird
that like she's sitting behind me you
know so he's still there with the see
each other and stuff I think it makes
more sense okay I might have to turn the
vlog in he's off here for a second is Oh
got one of them in the second one
because of a seatbelt thing alright
thank you guys so I think I found the
instruction things are done - back here
so a flood this over here right and it
seems that you see me in the red this
has to go green by cramming in with
these little things here you have to
camp into the back that's pretty
difficult to get it in there wonder why
can I take the seat out to do this I can
feel a little things there obviously
they're broken - all car doesn't know
today is for baby seats it's just a seat
belt
it's making it a little bit more
difficult to get out you know can you
see it there see this one over here it's
relatively easy cuz look it's right
there
but the seat belt strap here
it's making it a little more difficult
okay we're gonna get this we're getting
this guy's so heavy make it easier to
maneuver Oh God
using comments of you guys have ever
installed an ISO fix into your car just
as I say that I got it in oh it's
clamped in lads okay
next problem I need to get this thing to
get down but um what kind of a father
would I be I know I mean yeah if you're
ever watching this this is what I do for
you this is a struggle in life I do for
you what I bet you I bet you you're
worth it I bet you are
mm-hmm in years to come please be good
to your father
know the struggles that he went through
for you oh my goodness
all right just buy her a pony we are off
on a sunny sunny day I am on my way to
the opal box today to see all the cheats
and surprises that I will receive
that's anything that moments ever ever
seriously don't
so we were in the court news today which
is awesome because we got like a quarter
of the front page and then we got like a
week two paints pressing I stuck in them
I put a link to it because they're
obviously they have an online magazine
which is kind of cool as well like so am
i put all that on my facebook if you
guys want to read it he didn't get a
chance because I can't find it I went to
this bar and they're like oh we don't
have it that the locally one then I was
like oh maybe it's the one that gets
sent to your head so I went to a most
diners it's not there either so I mean
the a majority have a three o'clock
yeah I know the echo doesn't come right
for quite late
no not that house but remember a lot
when we were in the echo I like to
disbar and he was like all the echo
doesn't come to like three or four okay
okay Wow really
so we used to get it but I think yes we
don't get although very effective no
junk mail sign is very effective we have
zero now which is great like it's like
it's like a moment of his best you
better do what he says always obey Him
I'm out yeah some wait a clip guard yes
sir my bank details position no problem
there is I don't know what it is about
my agenda yeah when you go to like the
shopping centers and they tried they're
like no no you should go to dis um I was
like I'm going my way just because you
have a business does not mean you
control my life now it may have come to
your attention this back here okay
because I made a night I couldn't figure
out to do it and him and then I wouldn't
put it in and then eventually I got it
to clip in but after it clicked in I
realized that I had to adjust it and
then I was like oh God and now I can't
figure how to clip it out again so
that's a to be continued project check
this out guys
my the flute is now sponsored from air
bond and that's so awesome I love that
they contact me just before you went to
Italy
oh look for four dots on hold string the
motors unique innovative styling product
creates chunky separation with a matte
finish strong flexible whole give
immediate grab and high density I love
it and it says to use on dry hair yeah
that doesn't give it's the effect of wax
but it doesn't give the wet shiny greasy
i i'm totally jacket is so heavy isn't
it looks really cool yeah it's really
cool so we'll turn that just a quick
swim by de poco
it's the way it works cause it's really
sunny and then I was like it's my
giggles when he stopped at the English
market did you just smell everything
from the English market not just like
okay I'm eating now I'm eating now and
I'm going to the ground floor deal well
I think she's nothing hopefully am I
don't get any explosive waters today no
beach ball babes no one just stuff one
now put it away
does it not be also night there have you
saw that later okay what do you want to
eat I'm starving mode so my tasty summer
nice pick a place pick a place because
oh what a bit too far away you know in a
place where we had our wedding dinners
they do a nice solid who was second
writing it for turd wedding dinner what
was that again
because that was nice yeah I think they
did a warm Caesar salad Oh Italy
what there's actually cross working
today or Milano's Nonna's okay with the
side we will discuss it on our way and
we will come what will come up with the
visor plan as we decided to come to you
what's cool about this place is actually
that you do here
actually like an antenna so actually my
stuff so are you getting yeah I think so
IG Oscar idea of the mozzarella cone so
I think it's a consequence bitch like no
not supposed to be better than that so I
like I'm great I base everything off the
bubbly Joe you know little girly stuff
over there it's just like it's just like
the Italian shop really have to pick
ease I was saying we're headed to them
cuz I was saying that we're at it now
and I was kind of to go back to his
place tomorrow guys fresh were made for
Patrick from his father's wife
I'm very excited about that that's guys
not even a stray but okay that it's not
so cool it's selling your place to keep
this economy Joey let me turn over I'm
so cool again
oh my god that is one hell of a ride oh
yeah where was that
it was I know it's in Sorrento what oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's we got the
monkfish oh yeah look we actually got
onto like on the front page if it is
well like you go Connor or San Joaquin
you know Joe for those you know yeah
that is so cool I didn't realize it is
the whole thing that is so awesome isn't
it
no just I just I'll just hold it up when
she comes up when I picked up my nose
like that's a teeny bit of paper when
you're afraid that like it's really cool
yeah
Pat's Parenthood and the power of the
internet that's really good keeping up
the security Jerry's oh my god I have to
check the Buffalo the pesto the rocket
the prosciutto the bread is so amazing
like it's Italian water thank you
banging of everything I don't know where
just to like drool over it or eat it
come on Goonies come on Ami's you're so
slow
I think moved yeah there's no room
anymore
yeah it's harder nice to you know oh the
game's changed that was so funny just
downstairs and jokes Esau was like very
calm down everyone's like yeah we're
still asleep but that said you killed
that is really good I must say that's
probably one of them just the fact that
was the front cover and they flip over
and so I don't know I'm having a fangirl
moment at myself I shoot fallen off Oh
Baby Gap and even though they had a baby
yeah 60% off you like it love it
hospitals is this the boy sigh oh girl
no what's the newborn sir
oh my goodness immediate look like that
vision a soft that is oh my god it's so
cool how old is that for what she
totally gets it my that ones and she can
crawl around in the floor with them look
she's got the little ears huh and you
would know who you see but this is just
gonna look like beside me like this does
this coconut water then you guys have
information about that leave it below
because have you seen that really good
for you boy 1 liter which is like a gyro
for the milk yeah but the ones that I
doing I know I know but anyway leave me
some comments and let me know if you're
if you're drinking the juice forget fake
tangles tablets that's all you need huh
may may help to enhance a natural health
it may help and it may not shoot
supplement I figure this
no baby ones and they so cute like
caring for this little tiny baby
Charlie's and they're free it's mom
bingo we can immediately get media to
push Everton yeah it's really cute yeah
lunch box tomato but we live smile OC
free lunch though Sam blueberries we
never were to go to supervisor changing
things up guys normally a better Tesco
are done now we're at work we're
breaking the mold for changing the game
nice bracelet there good roast under the
puppies hmm keep it now check out this
amazing invention pineapple slicer and
wager so cool it's gonna change the
world to revolutionize history just this
one
badinage sorry alright so as I've said
recently this camera cuz I'm trying to
use this as a mirror this camera anyway
is it's on its last legs and it's kind
of a focus a bit so I was just waiting
for these little these little buggers to
come in so they came in today on my head
bond
um so I'm gonna attach these to the new
camera and maybe pass this over as the
the new vlog ''tis because the other one
is in bits and pieces step one complete
which is to put the adhesive down so you
can just sort of get two circles and
then just sort of like chop them chop
them off to make it because then you've
got you seated stereo so you've got your
left and your right microphone and then
the power button which kind of still
works and then take your little fluffy
thingy and you basically just place it
on here and you don't want kind of place
it on top it oh there we have it it's
all operational I think this is a brand
new one so this one is much more fluffy
and stands out a lot more than the other
one I'll flick off Jeremy now and show
you see if you guys notice the
difference okay so this is this camera
right hold on we'll fix it over and
that's the other one there
you guys tell the difference though in
the quality look at the difference like
the lens the movement because the sensor
has not been used at all and even the
probably the audio for them this this
thing look at the difference though on
the fleu keys on this one like compared
to it showed you a moment ago because I
like the velcro is probably fine but
it's the em like it's completely worn
away into just like a little bit mess
I noticed recently it's been a lot of
like breakage you know in the audio you
see the ends and stuff
but it's in still works it's just not
working look it's all broken here broken
there
here this is the stuff you guys never
actually see because obviously while
with this partying but I can even see
like the sharpness of the adorn but
that's what I flogged with anyway X is
220 HS they don't make it anymore
that's why I have like a big pile um I
never you can see don't like a little
pile of them over there for as they all
break I just keep replacing me with new
ones like they want to have in my hand
and this one here I have my hand this is
when we brought this rend oh because I
was worried that I might actually not
work why doesn't Sorrento but my
goodness this one's got one hell of a
funky hairstyle now alright we are going
to do something with these dogs with
these top balls with this dough figured
out dough doesn't go off right would be
off yes okay we're gonna make dough
balls because we are making pizza and
pizza needs dough balls balls balls I
fixed the problem I put em the gating
you know the game anything that I made
to keep the puppies in from their little
babies well I went that down and I put
that around all the grass oh there yeah
let's go yeah let's go there so please
sometimes you see them like slime house
or something like what do you have -
what do you have - okay okay
little bits of tin foil in it it'll be
by it he'll be fine oh wait a second oh
God just brown bits no sorry games over
that's the end of that guys oh well good
night good it so funny every time we
walk past Aaron oh what the hell is that
you know things do you think it's so
weird it's like I don't know lately I've
been thinking like I know maybe it's
about making the car and then
like putting together a boogie stroller
prawn whatever you call it you know and
then putting up the gate and stuff and
then like I walk her in the house and
there's loads of stuff like and you know
and it's like oh my god like I'm having
a baby and then it's tough to you like I
don't know it's like the more stuff the
gaps here the more I started think about
it and then I go like I'm not gonna be a
good parent like do I even know what I'm
doing like and you just I don't know
like it may be just watch the end you
start to question that kind of stuff
like you started thinking like this is
for real like like in two months time
less than two months time we're gonna be
given a baby and like and that's like
before a boogie prime start a thing
there and and and then the did the bad
upstairs and then changing it in that
reason like I'm really excited for it
but I just I don't know lately I've just
started thinking more about how did it
go like oh my god this is for real
man it's not like oh my god like by
creating a baby like it's like I have it
my life another generation of me or so I
don't know it's just I think I don't
know then a second like oh my garlic
what if I'm not a good parent or
something now probably happened more and
more as it becomes more and more real
and I may be ready to give us the day we
were like okay you know you just say I
don't know I don't know if I'm ready for
this okay I'm already
I don't know everything really ready for
this you know I don't know I hope I am
like the hope ie I always do
I hope I'm really young I'm gonna fun
dad but in same time I hope I'm like
just I hope I am I hope III teach her
good things about life you know I think
I've had you know an interesting life
and I've had a lot of bad and I've had a
lot of good and I I think I'm I hope
that I'm able to you know teach Amelia
you know without being too pushy
somebody used to I don't really never
worry no I'm you're gonna be a good
or not you know maybe it's the way you
are raised it's what gives you more of a
fear about I don't know but that's
scared like I'm not I'm not scared like
I look I love being scared about things
to embrace new things and all but you
know I'm like excited and terrified but
just just over last few days I can walk
around handsome I go climbing over baby
I got a massive big stroller thing is
over there you know and if the baby
thing and then in my car and I was a car
seat Clippy thing you know and in the
bedroom is a huge chance like wow I
don't know just we're all having a baby
do you guys feel like you're having a
baby - you're like all our uncle nephews
and uncles and 90s and granddad's and
grandparents and maybe is so lucky she's
gotta have like such a cool support
since don't like man I'm not a baby
that's so cool hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
