oh by the way you're vlogging lately has
been amazing so I didn't even know that
you did that what what are you showing
no no no you can't you can't pull your
top off and show everyone nope you sure
those are your phone I mean I will you
know if you make up
there's your child understand mother
what did you enjoy what we film
yesterday yeah the Jenna video I'll get
right now wow did you just do a stinky
poo party no no no I know it's not no
it's not
you guys entertaining her buddy she's
laughing at both of you
you just think it was very funny today
and I am dressed in all pink because and
I like drink and then we're going to go
to the flight out but in a different
minute because mommy's got the baby and
I'm just gonna put my shoes on because
I'm going out to go underplay that
you've heard of watch me on the side
again on the slide open you and then we
can see me again
and I'd see sign to get to wait at the
car for some money
and then and then Alessia - and it's
gonna be very so you've gotta jet and
with that does your cloud waiting and
I'm going to turn it over this gate but
I kind of ran it so I think so rails
were hot Saturday morning parkrun
scooter scooter comet's comets don't
forget the bassinet get I need a set of
wheels stroller wheels and bassinet
ah now we just need to get the troops
all right let's go you put them to bed
what Oh oh you look pretty cool like
that
wish I looked as good as you all right
missus let's go all right thank you my
goodness guys you think we're off on an
excursion to find the source of the
River Nile or something we're just going
to the park in the Saturday morning but
that's why I need to give you money real
money I have to pay a toll to get out of
my own house did you have contact us
okay but that's contactless that's real
money
Apple pay you want you want you want
cash money yeah how much is it gonna
cost me is that is that enough can I
leave now are you gonna open the door
for me now I have no my own door after
all the money in this bed you can't open
it give my money back then my money you
made to the park and we didn't lose
anyone along the way ever go into Canada
divorce we got a good parking space so I
look at that one right there hmm
right at the entrance all right
don't disappear it's the inner problem
now what
you know yeah come on you can't vlog in
school what are you some sort of
professional now burn that energy off
burn that energy off unless you looking
at ducts for the first time Alessia
space I think she's looking at the palms
in no order yeah I mean I'd be very
careful okay don't fall off that will be
really scary what you would it would be
really scary and you'd fall in mm-hmm it
would be scary really scary just be
careful guys guardo did you fall in let
me see your foot let me see your shoe
yeah did you fall in did you
now hopefully the speeder let's go let's
go I know we've run out of juice and
it'll in the linen and I feel like at
the button dealing this one this is a
very important rite of passage
okay now you're matching yeah now you
guys don't match you got the same grazes
let me see your one you can we see the
other one all right doctor emergency
it's always an emergency
what last time who is you remember who's
your emergency service you're hilarious
bunch of people you've got a tear in
your eye Eduardo there's always a drama
there's always an emergency
it's your turn next okay Bassem
remembers Amelia fell got the grace yeah
it was her she grates boat knees and
boat ankles yeah he she she copes better
we go to playground
can you still see the owie come on we're
gonna swing on the swing put in here
it's not a swing then then little in the
Linda Linda Linda push hi hi hi hi hi hi
hi
okay there now oh my goodness look at my
hair in the wind
anyway they are now climbing off the
biggest castle in the world
it's a dick but guys it's ten times
bigger than normal oh they're gonna tear
them they can't even pick it up the
stairs I mean you don't forget about
your brother go in the red one the red
ones slow go back upstairs and rescue
duardo what time can the grown-ups go on
it now I decided on this one the parents
are more than welcome the rescue your
kids
Johnny you got oh we're going again go
right out it's great
got a sandy beach behind us chillin on
some deck chairs kids are going wild in
there somewhere all we need is that some
drinks
basically on holidays we went the
holidays to the park there so reporting
in sight that matter to think being
eaten
that looks so nice and it's not cold or
deep just as we're walking up here
though some kid fell in to the water
it's very dramatic in Akutan were like I
don't want that to happen
are you gonna fall in know you might go
oh I ordered that he pushes you in no
I'm gonna get you you gotta stare and
stare at a good job
Jonathan is literally one of the kids
now
you
