yeah yeah you are yes you are yes you
are oh
we said that who said that who said that
hmm who said that
Oh little munchkin who isn't it a
munchkin oh you didn't once kid you
trainee you may gamer
your training in a camera you journey
might carry everything attendant
dilution of offices routine well where's
number four is number four what is
number four Oh soaking wet no no you're
soaking wet
you're soaking wet ah no mourning no
puppets well it's not where the morning
it's like late afternoon I guess like
for card or something that has passed
asleep I just got a call from the store
that we bought all the order baby
boutique and they said at the stroller
arrived in this morning well it's there
now they're like join me to the Liberty
I was like nah nah nah I'll swing by and
collected looking for it I think what
I'm going to do is I'm going to fit the
ISOFIX into the car straightaway and
then you know clip in dip the baby seat
I just like have a baby sit in the car
just that feels like driving around a
baby seat in the car
in general guys did all tonight or you
know getting used to this fixture that's
going to be there forever now ever but
like you know you know we kind of kind
of obviously and having more than one
child so you know over the next few
years obviously we're gonna have
children and stuff so you have to kind
of adjust your life too
you know for next like 30 years such
catalogues to take I think it was like
six or seven days I start my using the
baby seat I'm not really sure what kind
of figure out as you go along guys
that's TM that's the fun and exciting
process I think of becoming a parent you
know Parenthood isn't a lot of it is
trying to narrow up at 11 Wow
oh my goodness guys layering up this is
not fun
what I'll Nina she is destroyed today so
I told her don't even get up don't even
put your makeup on don't even get
dressed I want to see you in bed for the
entire day and I'm going to be the good
husband the good baby daddy father
servant every single day since the day I
met her she's always like made an effort
to make a sound I'm not like a
chauvinistic mean person's like you have
to look good every day I don't really
mind cuz I always think like you got to
do what you got to do for you you know
and I always say that's where I like it
so amazing and like you just knew every
single day you put so much effort into
how you look you know because you look
amazing every single day and even on the
days that she doesn't think that she
looks amazing I'm always like darn it
man like you're so beautiful you know
that's so cool you know that I that
she's it for me I'm pretty sure she does
it for herself you know but it's just
you know it's like that's really cool
you know cuz I'm pretty sure these days
where I don't look so good I don't look
so good and there's days when I look
pretty darn hot ha ha wait a minute
artic well yeah so am I was and I was
like you know you gotta just take days
off you know yeah just hide away in your
little cubbyhole plus you're seven and a
half months pregnant seven and the
hoffmans per
so I'm gonna do all the chores today all
right all-in there's the ISOFIX so I'm
just gonna put that in the front seat I
thought the front seat knew better
because then Amelia I can have like a
better view outside you know we're
driving along like Joe and install a new
vinyl pine I'll figure that so that's
gonna be exciting it's gonna be a fun Oh
to talk groomers here while I drop into
the groomers yeah my necks you drop in
here I'm booking and I'll be and Cena
for a quick snip snap because they are
they definitely need one that's it
they're booked in Plus at the girl I
said it was like come on if I bring the
puppies up with um take care of them
because they have like we could do it
ourselves but I'm like oh I don't know
I'll just let her do it they don't even
need a haircut it's that the hair grows
the same length all day rental the
Maltese their hair kind of gross in the
corner piece and sort of grows out
across their eyes so it's like all right
so I was like if I bring too much like
you can leave the interview a lot like
no I don't want to do that pretty
annoying is it going south to 9-piece
turn Ibiza Pasquale yourselves which is
like an Italian thing that's Tina fees
and I think it's an olive oil or
something so much they don't see this
salad and like any of the sort of
supermarkets in Ireland just a shame but
sighs like keep far away oh I am a chore
machine a machine of chores wait if I
was a machine of chores when I mean that
I make chores or that mean that I do
chores
oh I don't make chores that would just
make more things to do oh let's go again
let's go I am a doer of chores yeah is
that better ha ha all right so we got
some lunch
got some got some soup pea soup have a
little cup of - pea soup and some fresh
oh my goodness I was walking past a
bakery and I could smell the fresh bread
i walked in i saw taken out of the oven
and I was like sir give me four of them
ok don't even put them on the counter
put them straight into a bag for me
believe that is why right so my that
will be 15 chuckles so yeah oh my god
it's smelling Jaccard smell in the car
right now fresh bait oh my god is just
you walk past the bakery and you see and
you can smell it's fresh and you see and
take x-pipe just buy it and eat it
because it'll be so good warm Joe my
mouse what is it it's a nutty Brad thing
I haven't seen let's go I'll be alone
I'll rescue you you go make your heart
happy do you want to go up to turn and
turn
I got you up you pop there you go H all
right here we go
here we go so it's good to set it away
so here is the actual seat the stroller
part I think we're in for a silver one
I'm gonna share I'm gonna pick the frail
grey frame and this is the UM seat thing
what is this oh there's no pictures on
the front this is their eyes or fix
myself fixed device okay let's get you a
let's go put this bad boy together will
we huh
before we get buildin on that
that's a let's make some munchies boots
yeah let's make some munchies
like Jean oh my god this bread house
this is the old the old two-step trying
to cook two soups at the same time this
is chicken Thai Thai chicken this one is
roasted vegetables boom we got the
choline slowly once kissed ear sorry ma
this one is so nice the Thai chicken one
but it's always like so much more
expensive because they know they know
the factors that good it is alright
that's probably fun done like here's the
red rose from place canister like fresh
out of the oven
Oh yum yum I got these these are like
the nice dis biscuits nice haha actually
nice Oh God
like coconut they're like so just plain
ol biscuit with coconut and a little bit
of sugar but oh my god and I've always
loved them since I was a kid
floating about them they're like
no-frills biscuits sometimes you like a
no-frills biscuit you know
lunch is served
I'll leave it up here
I hope the dogs don't steal it on you
plan else I got you - bread rolls and
soon yeah okay you're welcome
won't see them okey-dokey supers being
had so let's get down to business
oh wait what's that come and just think
put across here instead make it easier
oh no sir that's it all the thing off so
well now I know some you guys my life if
you happen to like this one
unfortunately it's pretty hard to get
because it's so that everywhere and the
reason is because this is an Irish
company these are made in Ireland here
it is here like it's a baby elegance
beep twist that's what we got so you can
google it you never look at it and they
probably can get it in the UK because
like on in the UK are so close together
so I'm pretty sure they probably would
ship it to UK
but em these are made in Ireland then I
kind of like the idea that we got an
Irish man like you know it's a smaller
sort of business but em these are so
awesome
so a onesie is not living it UK darlin
you cannot have our stroller okay are
you send me 100,000 euros I will send
you wheel of the stroller okay just some
of you think about if you're a
billionaire you're like ah I really want
to give aways all my money we go lads
steel boxing we'll do an unboxing video
be the worst unboxer ever Oh
I just get too excited goodness
Isis resistant to cigarettes cool wonder
so many parts to it I like the little
cop part let's get the cop part out all
the pieces good alright I bet you I'm
gonna have a lot of trouble like just
trying to figure out all these like open
and closing and is that like a rating on
something that it was his goodness this
is gonna be fun all right
puppies around me you can't see any
puppies takes I don't crush a puppy that
part here that is okay
oh look it's a little like oh no pillow
and stuff looks so cool oh my god okay
this stuff's heavy oh my goodness okay
more giant boxes cuz you always need a
giant box okay mmm-hmm put it here I'm
just going to try and remove everything
edit the boxes first and then we'll get
around to putting it together
alright hold on a second guys we're back
gene one second
oh my goodness look at the trailer stuff
there's so much all right gonna put
these boxes outside and away from me not
come down because this is the kind of
thing that we need to experience
together
alright and I want to cut you out of my
life
I'm not good that is like you're doing
it haul it out me I was like I'm just a
boxing it like you're stuffing your
pillows oh wait oh wait I just move all
this stuff eh this is the boring part of
just getting rid of all this stuff okay
hey guys
mommy's back mommy's awake but didn't
know where you been Itachi gone
look at the faces on under all munching
grass we found a pile across he was
gorgeous
where's the inner collar the energy up
to oh come on it's in your pop blank
nice photo stuff together I don't get
the ISOFIX turn neck slashing rain I
wasn't in the military office raining
out so the rain stops I'll do it
otherwise I'll do it tomorrow or
something
hey there's not really much of a rush
proper together all the other stuff sit
sit sit good boy
oh Jesus oh my god you can't even get it
to him right now
everybody yeah hey puppy so so much
sometimes thank you sit well anywhere
just get tired of signing oh there's a
sitter yeah well you taught Alvey all
those tricks oh my god choppers good
girl you laughs sit sit
Oh smarty pants look at Cena seems like
they've been sick before ages
give us something okay paws up like what
you want a shake around her dance and
I'll fish and roll over and bang yeah I
am Who I am
good girl Oh My Damn
all right Dan lie down pretending like
you just straight to right okay in the
food lady I am like am go ball
I know I am lining my can lie down Abbi
I am lie down down down I am down night
daddy come on down down down
yeah it gets exciting it so many people
here
like em that's it good boy lie down like
ice thank you good boy oh God
right when I spill the stuff let's build
a stuff okey-dokey
this is the fun part isn't it leading up
to it it's like dad gets to build the
crib and dad gets to build the stroller
look at this carrying on in here look at
them all he's mopping up Nene's mop it
up scene is like getting attacked by her
pups and I got a little Alvie in here
did you go boy yeah go boy
he's now I hear the boy yeah boy
yeah he's gonna watch that he buildeth
cuz you're a dad too but you didn't have
to go
you
you
you
hmm it's really heavy
huge I don't know yeah that's actually
know that that probably attaches in
armor or playing one before look how
cozy that is in there so close is look
this is like to one side of it like this
but pretty sure these things catch on
somehow I'm not the reader at it oh
maybe I'll just watch a YouTube video
mm-hmm usually what you do perhaps then
swell locked in there I'm not sure
though how to dismantle it yet because I
remember I don't think that thing I
taught there's like a little push thing
but maybe it's in one of the boxes or
something cuz it's not here you know I
thought it was like you just push a
thing in that's obviously just a break
out that's just a little push en thing
got an that made the same fall down you
have to practice it to get it timing
right you know in cases emergencies let
go
transformers wanted to make noise
there's the car c1i smooth easy EU
approved nice moistness look oh isn't it
come on those sheep up give me a seat
bound ah
15900 Fincher dad yeah why am i apart
eat I don't know
yes
we have to get ready eyes a big oh yeah
um cool and there's this one here which
I don't know this was for hmm is it like
a car isn't like a seat as well what am
i 16 eat that's obviously I want to like
about this is like you see my mom was
like she was like I'll give you guys the
Moses basket and stuff that my brother
like we're all raised and I was like
sure you got one this looks like a Moses
basket to me except it doesn't creak but
I just look like one you know can this
just be used as a Moses basket to some
we have like a sleeping MOSI basket
thing is that the one that they sit in
when they go in for walks and stuff in
the car seat 100 are you freezing but
anyway how exciting instructions was
wrong instruction says depress sitting
down but I remember we're in the baby
fair testing it that the beep one comes
differently so what you do is there's a
little button under here but you have to
actually press it in and pull it up and
then it drops down tell ah it's so fast
like and then quickly edit a car oh
she's ready to go nice you put in um
this one okay let's try this on then
it's like my baby really cute I wasn't a
baby okay
oh my god he's soaked Cena goes
underneath No okay Johnny going to
uh-huh lit up room for everyone
oh you gonna go further yeah maybe less
you like actually what look she's happy
version because he would love to go for
walks on that yeah he'd be like you
always wanted to buy one of these rally
look cute hi you like it
is that your stroller prison Amelia you
might have an aunty do you want to go in
the shopping basket follow I don't think
she'll
no no it's a nice stroller though yeah
school not by me on the tree top oh my
god it's so cute oh my goodness who was
playing inside in the wood yeah they are
so dirty
oh my goodness they're fast asleep now
yeah did you eat loads of crap as well
about the eight loads of it oh no you
guys mm-hmm yeah yeah okay Oh God
Oh your little backers no beggars look
at this look at this huh
my mom says you can come up when you
gotta do your peepees first okay
come on peopie's outside come on go
ahead handy pop come on
they heard the video playing yesterday
six o'clock time Oh washed yeah I know
you guys need to be washed
we're gonna wash them Punky's you ready
guys Oh
Pixies now haha this evils raining hey
give me some shampoo it's the faces
though bitter yeah give it in a vase and
stuff I know Oh split cheese why she's
awesome rush Oh
Springer
this girl Hey
I'm gonna make this all work you get
towels up to I'm sure that's probably
enough okay what's gonna get you dry
everyone
I know hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joely
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there would
be ah
