we were in the situation we have an
emergency situation mom needs some love
everyone okay come on oh okay peepers
pee first peepers go go go go go
everyone else no one else
Oh everyone ever be bees go peepees go
Phoebe's don't be peasy little peckers
go babies huh
gots to go peepees mm-hmm he's gonna go
peepees he's gonna go peepees oh no see
he's yellow see nice we're gonna need to
go upstairs to mom
missing someone missing someone mm-hmm
they know to call they call it the wild
it's cause he's over what's yourselves
guys all the way all the way up all the
way up
Hey easy not gonna come and you think
that's gonna come on Cena up up up up up
up up up let's go up up up up up up good
girl
Johnny you're the smallest yes my god
it's go let's go now
oh that's so cool but you wake up this
morning and tada what is this thing oh
my goodness Nina made on the cozy
holy crap Nina she's got more clothes
than me oh my goodness
that's so cool so what so what ahead is
network so this is a new one first and
then it goes to 0 to 3 months it was
like newborn up to 10 once yeah and then
there's like six months or like three to
six months
alright that's for the wedding next year
yeah
or night and then it goes up to like 12
minutes which is like a year old you're
so organized what was just gonna make it
easier like you know to reach for stuff
what about if you reach for the skies
reach for the skies I'm not starting
there so cooler it's such cool look even
a storage we have well the older she
gets the last door yeah but then
obviously she's got a wardrobe you know
a dresser it's got a changing table
building yeah I'm Bulldogs unfold Amelia
that'll be the time at room into the
prism into the cage I'd love to get into
this it looks really nice actually
I mean imagine when the bedding is it's
so easy cuz look how high it like it's
just it's on a perfect kind of but then
the low one is like really low yeah but
that's when she shows up yeah just like
she has a little nipple you know her
little coke she's like intended it and
she crashes the days and the wall what
it's not like those other creeps that
have I don't know how to explain but
like you feel like this is safe because
you know when you put this down yeah she
won't have this one she can sit up and
stand up and stuff it'll be down yeah
it's down it's like he remember in the
shop yeah yeah yeah so it's like even if
she does somehow when she's older climb
it there's nowhere for her to fall like
mmm she's gonna it's safer you know so
solid yeah it's really solid
limits but you know didn't mean like if
it's down there and she tumbles that
like she's not gonna hurt herself when
I'm said that when I was younger I
figured out a way that if I jumped up
and down on this thing when I was on the
bottom I could break out to the bottom
and that's how I used to escape from my
crib just jump open it well you know
all holes and a one made out of twigs
twigs and berries all right what do you
guys think this is a gosh
this is Joe Captain Joe for Sparrow
we're doing a fun video for this
satellite which at which probably went
up yesterday because we're putting on an
upload that today it's a it's supposed
to be do your mate or a husband makeup
tag I was like let's just let's make
that more fun zo so I'm gonna just make
a little character of check my eyes it
was the kind of a part two part I'm
gonna started it and then I freaked out
a lot so I ended up doing it myself what
do you think we cool we like I was a
Captain Jack Sparrow was even talk like
is he got an English accent
right no I can't not very good at
English accents weird do I gives gives a
shot on the rocks yeah
years ago okay fine you do it then I
don't even know what I'm doing I just
sort of pulled it down and that's what
happened you know what it's you
streaming oh my God my friend just so
amazing
can you do a pose
well I don't know what you're doing did
it straight first the concentration in
their face oh you're pulling it like a
helicopter here we go straight up or we
go fringe like we go on yeah yeah but
look you turn it just happens itself I
mean your new products to string
it's not my beautiful she beautiful
thing I'm a beautiful thing
oh it's got better
what do you think all right house you
got my card
wake up Mick ups they look amazing
thumbs up before a my amazing nism and
we're done chica don't forget to
subscribe and like the video
oh my god I'm so funny like yeah where
are you Nene's come here before you
don't think anybody it's odd you look
amazing
seriously maybe maybe you should do
yourself I don't know I want to tell you
what to do this is the variable to take
off the makeup it's not coming off
forward step by this do you like the
arms like mush it on one for the
delicacies it's like my plat the old
downside to getting huge objects misty
remaining boxes afterwards and you guys
want a ginormous box
yeah get in I can do
chain Chuck ma'am I may have all right
why don't we just like drive down a
motorway right and then just like open
the doors like kick them out uh-huh
then they'd be taking girls or we can
make a windy highs for Amelia ahead of
them get them all wait in fear get some
buff we want it all
oh oh is there a Spaghettio situation no
but the green packet the green part
coffees nuts well it's the same deal for
the puppies but it's a bad deal for RBC
knees cuz it even if you give them a
stash it'll be stolen
hey ease up the scruff anyway cuz you
don't under - all right guys get the
concept see I'll be Cena come on nope
oh there you go it's okay guys I'll be
I'll be I'll be okay Cena Cena Cena no
no good see you Cena Cena Cena Cena
good girl you ready ladies I won't
I won't our ways
I think so you ready look I didn't have
a stairs
okay ready good girl go boy find a house
in the house go go go go go
doc house oh wait L you already gave
yours chisels so it did rain this
morning and I was Joe from the first day
of summer but the Sun has definitely
come and again which is awesome John I
assume we should do tomorrow we're
getting the M the stroller delivered to
us tomorrow so I was saying we should
totally go in some practice runs you
know as I've put a few dollies or toys
or something into it you know all the
pups yeah so the Pope's in it I'm
bringing them on like a little trolley
walk quick and it we should try it with
Albion Cena and the stroller and see if
we can manage like obviously Nana
stroller before before we attempt to
I'll be seated the stroller and the
puppies oh just a couple of Castro and
see how we feel like walking around like
hey so who's like oh my god can I see
your baby you were like no no you cannot
and they open it up it's like a dollar a
toy or something in there or four
puppies well the four puppies wouldn't
be bonus by the way knows that someone's
baby and it for Maltese puppies I could
like yeah okay but that's pretty cool
haha that's like a bonus see you're
seriously actually forcing me to go to
pay machine and then come back see I can
stay here like the lazy boom well lazy
bum movie all these are traditionary
lazy always an exception to the rule
just woo
and it's just realized designers to them
I find out everything for you is that
the belt is raining it does look like
the valve is raining I'm on Instagram
too of anyone cares I kind of do
Instagram when like the only I don't
like about Instagram is that I can't
upload from the desktop
yes or to Facebook yeah yeah so then I
always end up just like uploading a
picture true why frog or whatever the
hell you know TweetDeck automatically
puts it on and then put it up on to
Facebook unless I have the phone with me
and I actually take the picture down I
Instagram it but
sometimes I'm just too lazy you know so
I think we are going to amicus because
yesterday I felt very own fulfilled that
I did not get my warm shaking Caesar
salad
all those occasions chicken suitors
matter but I want to check I want to I
want a warm chicken Caesar salad with
croutons on a rocket you sort of leafy
sort of you there
you're a lazy bum okay well look they
actually machine is just over here I
just spotted it so at least I don't have
to get that far
our is the Euro how much I want steak
you'd eat a salad put the morning so I
got us two hours nice if TR is to have
your lunch if we go over it you have to
just drop everything and leave what I
like it's plunged my foot just explode
of water seriously and if that just
happened I know my funeral way
rockabilly broccoli salad in um and it's
warm as well it's just everything I
dreamed up all day coupons
oh yeah yeah it's everything I dreamed
of and more
was it is exactly where I wanted the
racing is really good that is crunchy
Karma's a bitch
you just put lettuce in your hair
broccoli in your hair
everything exploding today you know it's
explosion Wednesday
Oh leave a comment if you get the joke
we were definitely not two hours in
their knees we should sit in this car
for an hour and a half yeah I mean these
didn't do like last I remember you only
bought it by 24 hours or something yeah
like Vogue sees but actually what time
is it now
well then we check the thing see what it
says so it inspires at 6:02 okay it's
now 14 30g no it's today xx yeah oh my
god
yeah for a couple of days the right to
your own that's see that's why it's kind
of crap but it's like that here because
mm-hmm this isn't bring a long term
right I know I know
are you gonna come for this long like
they know we're at they know it cuz it
used to not be like this at all this was
always free yeah dancers I can't wait to
do puppets in the media there's a
meaning what
as children or spouse
let it stay wolf three little pigs he's
gay yeah you know you can't get away is
it dinosaur the dragon see look how soon
he can get these those things seen
attach them know I'm oatmeal I know
immediate can have a dog that was a joke
that was the jokes activity
no foreign friends plays tune - baby to
sleep yeah and yet see ones are pretty
awesome what mmm wasn't you make it
yourself so I think it's for little
older oh yeah her feet are huge no Eric
used to get this should get Amelia T is
like sweet corn head I know it's tasty
he's really cool I just like seeds in
clay although like it'll be ages before
she's interact and stuff maybe should be
a top model maybe she'll like like oh
you never know
it's look at the draw you know she might
like this stuff or she might like that
stuff
spongebob Lego wonderful I understand
survival got pregnancy in Billund it
should just be one page run just avoid
your wife at all course just just give
her everything she wants and apologize
every single day potty training a
knowledge content babies and toddlers
Omaha latina the secrets of 100% happy
people what my god this is it guys
secret we should do it like get the
second one like the last page just read
through this page don't like the next
one go to the last page yeah that's it
see the whole thing now that's it isn't
yeah it's right down there
just on the head was like here ya know
29 weeks in two days two days yeah my
guys the day by day journey yeah no we
already have the crib wearing day we're
at day ahead don't we the end oh would
you spoil the ending view this is almost
like don't don't
she's the one my mom always read really
yeah oh I got a wet sheet Becker's got a
wedgie
um jofi got a wedgie baby baby look at
this the game is not trying to eat my
foot oh hey hey hey give me that back
give me that back you give me just
practice second you give it okay okay
okay oh my god no no no give me that
give me that oh my god what am I
supposed to do
okay I need flippy slippy and sloppy can
you my stop is so cool like we're having
this many dogs like you'll never
actually need a dishwasher
you know they clean that up
come on guys do that get-get clean that
up drop Cena's got a cooperative these
guys need a hand
is that one near the cleaner won't get
to work get to it sure
look at him just go poker like me yeah I
hate to take my time and enjoy it you
know one spoonful of parmesan
a spoonful the parmesan makes your tummy
Rumble doesn't make food taste nice try
that it was a fresh pasta Porto Leone
cherry tomatoes we're the best fresh
juicy check
you should put fresh juicy cherry
tomatoes you're ever gonna have freshly
knee and then and it was a fresh basil
and it was mmm it was at how you say
Trapattoni Oh guys this is gonna end
this is gonna end in tears won't do it
go Bianca oh god
manga don't lie to me now did you eat
any sauce here lick Bianca she's full of
sauce funny oh you get this one they get
this one out here for argument steak now
that's pretty clean just am just go
ahead and put that back in depressed and
see it's nice and clean job done
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because they all will be
