what is it the plants I find everyone
Alvie you're gonna get yourself into icy
pots their pots there is it fun is this
this is a good toy there's a fun Tony
there's not even a pot to put it back
into just know at least you're having
fun huh
Cena Cena go go go one one no you have
to take them all we hear left
raw peppers so today is a very exciting
day yep he's a super exciting goodness
what a crazy pile of dogs there is so
much bigger now let's go get some
furniture let's go get some furniture
we're building a nursery the little
nursery today is officially the first
day of summer and it's sunny
oh yeah today Oh God
so cut actually rain tomorrow well it's
it's summer's eve
it's summer's eve guys almost officially
summer that that's what's going wrong
that's all it was
today is a mama Starlights last day in
sorrento second oh my god i got
everything wrong so staying for them
Emma Erica and I are leaving Sorrento in
two days goodness what you say this
morning what should happen there like a
freaking car I don't feel this bad now
it's nice and sunny you know I got my
Saran lucky Schwartz and everything on
whoa yeah I'm summer DUP I'm ready for
tomorrow oh man it's gonna be so cool we
should wake up tomorrow and write it's
straight to the beach did she get the
towels and I'll get some deck chairs
let's go ahead and just let's just go
ahead and buy a barbecue and an outdoor
pool it's going to be amazing fun
nothing can go wrong
yeah totally an outdoor pool on the
beach yeah oh my god this is fun that's
it we're the Pearl I wish you could
though but in Ireland it's very uncommon
to have a pool in there guys the warm
cajun chicken so good hair it's nice a
little your accents are back it's so
cool this is like a clean lunch but I'm
we're about to go across the road and
get the car stroller and the bed clothes
matches and everything so please you're
gonna like get to make her bed today but
this extra Liam no brown bread yeah well
it's homemade that looks nice now this
one dragon and stuff to see if it's in
the car that's it oh that's just yeah
you just put that in there I guess right
and when you open it it's gonna go back
or else the baby has to very carefully
just live very still into one piece I do
these are samples I think that's a day
and then they had the covers and stuff
yeah which is the bramble
hey dude I mean did you get the cover
you get the duvet cover be so awesome if
you get one of these with like four
Maltese on it you can yeah you can
probably online or something I've seen
it it's really funny
oh no the mattress in the duvet set
thing is in here so I know but I wanted
to make the bed she's like no one's
gonna stain that like I want to took
someone in will put I'll be in there but
ended I lose the baby
no but I think that's this set this set
but didn't give you this one because it
already is no this is oh oh don't we
leave goes to Tesco
she can she can get the trolley isn't it
you don't spray euro in her ends look
yeah this comes around just being this
happen we can get much stuff in it
though this is the kind of size baby
rolled up and for something like this
now they'll be handy
look he could live in this little house
the grocery list Pizza Jana it's made
for us p10 cookies oh my goodness we
bought so much stuff
holy crap Nene's so am I couldn't fit on
the car so the owner of the store was
like oh my god like you guys mind so
much up site thank you so much and she's
actually behind me in a big van and
she's gonna like drop it all right into
the house that's pretty awesome
you know but I'm oh my goodness company
commander stuff do we part I'll show you
all later when we get home but it's
crazy
JD's fight like turn the shade we need
to get rid of some poo I think
I'll either back in there lucky cooking
thank you where did this came from
how is this taking off a tree except for
the fact that javis still hasn't
unpacked from Sorento my suitcase is
packed away
it's like empty just get rid of it just
put it in my room I'm not supposed to
hold or lift heavy things
the man is donkey boy silly boy when we
got knocked a crib mattress bramble set
which is the bumpers the better the
bedding the bedding and everything then
we got the stroller here with you guys
oh my god the stroller we bought was
like sold out everywhere she had to
order one for us yeah and we got the
special color I think I said it on my
blog yeah we got purple but she was like
purpley pink would she try too hard
because he wasn't gonna be like a few
weeks when she got is one for Thursday
especially
and we got the car seat izo time yeah it
was at the car seat and we got the iso
fake space that's what goes into the car
yeah yeah we oh my god Kim and stuff it
was like oh my god I can't wait to show
you guys this dirty bomb sign is that
I'm the bramble and smudge is two weeks
as well no it's a weekend thing oh we
yes we get the thing that turns it but I
want I wanted to make the bed the
bedding yeah what we have there to do
wait I didn't know we don't have the do
me that's a mattress oh my gosh
careful LOV you don't want to be in the
way of that knife
it's not for you everything oh crap
we're gonna have so much recycling
Jonathan you know what I just noticed
we're gonna so much recycling no fancy
Hey look it's like it's great clothes
yeah I mean cuz that's not ours so god
it's dusty
what the hell is this all about well I
wanted to replace this one I got a dusty
one how could it be dusty it's in a box
and this is so that as well yeah you
happen to find one to chat upstairs like
mono it wasn't so that she just would
have had to order it oh yeah six weeks
oh yeah well that's where instructions
mm-hmm
just put it on the bed this is what I
really like is that the oh that's the
back yes the final form very life right
no it can't be the front what yeah it
has a bump in it the front is straight
on the back of a bomb no this one but I
look really I must have looked better
than you yeah look see is straight
cuz why would you always be over a bump
every time you have to put them put her
in sorry what do you want boobs oh my
god it's heavy it's it it's made from
the finest region on the line part of
the drawer Oh God oh nice free styrofoam
bonus oh well we can make a spiral to
embed now it's not work
oh yeah this and then you heard the
drawer closing what's this huh movie
that's the basis
he does care that council helped right
all right all right Thank You Patrick
no I'll be I'll be get off get off
thank God whoops aren't here oh yeah all
right get all the years I've been making
books Oh desks
it all starts at coffee tables and the
like him all or anything
Karina mm-hmm it's all been leading up
to this moment it's all prepared me for
this moment this is what we Biden is
where you spend all our money I have
your slave no you can see that right
beautiful solid oak yeah Santa Claus
right don't call them oh my goodness
okay we have everything and it's boxes
now you sure there's no screws or
anything in there they're probably in
there yeah no no yeah so I don't know if
you guys know this is the area by the
way this is a media spot no in
everything careful oh my god world
exclusive this is an immediate spot here
we figure to plug sockets and a cat by a
computer
what else you need it's at essentially
her room is ensuite yeah mm she's got a
nice board oh now it's a room chair she
has to share it to other people
unfortunately well you know what that
makes the read cheaper for her okay so
she doesn't have to go straight to work
she can have a week or two maternity
leave and then straightening the door to
work she goes well it's very first two
months yeah ginormous
oh this is so cool oh my goodness it's
so us isn't it yeah yeah yeah not gonna
be grown up cuz I think here it's fine
but then this picture this put it over
it put it there on that wall yeah cuz
it's kind of like yes something they're
like so awesome
let's finish it because we don't finish
it now that's what happens never finish
it I know it enough with the duvet and
stuffing and all the clothes we're gonna
feel that the mattress is that night we
can put all the clothes down here yeah
so dofus is creating the drawer the
bottom drawer which looks good action so
exciting mm-hmm
we just instagrammed some pictures yeah
I just Instagram something this is so
weird cuz I'm holding are you quite on
the head oh that's a nice I know it's
weird though it takes a lot of getting
used to you Trier it all be Tucker -
it's quite easy though isn't it yeah
it's designed like to me like nothing
too complicated
yeah no it was actually kind of
impressed how quickly you did that well
like I said I have a lot of experience
making flat pack stuff yeah I don't I
once put all the shelf do you guys
remember actually
right in the middle we left that thing
behind cracks it wasn't very good but
that was from like Atlantic home
terrorism things yeah in fact most
things from antique home care fall apart
our glass is okay all right losses ways
put together you've got the white stuff
in your hair
no come here
buts no it's still there like rebut it
looks like like really bad dandruff what
is it what is it
this stuff so fun anyways yeah I once
put all the drawers in upside down and
back and I just don't like hours and
hours I'd spent doing that a new suit
all for nothing
and then that thing just kept falling
apart you ever ever do it for clothes
just like Oh
needless to say we left it in that house
so yeah my goodness guys oh my goodness
Abbi oh my goodness throw in the car
let's go oh my goodness
how high up it is huh I hate me - yeah
let's pretend she's there so that's like
the size it over her little shoes no
I'll be here I sleep in there oh yeah
oh dude it's a baby hot oh baby girl
bigger oh oh oh make a thing oh there
Dan now oh there Dan now Oh what did mom
say to you oh it's okay that's a minute
oh hi I got the baby can't happen to me
Oh Oh what we got a fake baby oh yeah
elephant a let's put all our stuff in
here
hello elephant who don't get the ramblin
smudge imagine exercise over here we go
my sister was about that size she was
like teeny-tiny my mom might feel like
dressing like dolls clothes and stuff
it's crazy how was it big pepper so I
was all right chinnu has nearly Vivi
don't dig a hole don't do it now now
come on Xena to new bed this is like yes
I accept this is a acceptance I like it
think the stairs over you love it guys
you guys owe me a cramp I'm a quick
maker won't put him in there put him in
there closed door in the jail in the
jail
don't feed the animals I'll be happy to
can duck down sorry
no little baby you guys are so cute
let's go girls
should I trying making some rice see
using brown rice brown rice we picked up
some some salmon
symbol and the puppies are chewing on
some multi-fit snacks and training and
baby care formula yeah do leave Alvey
alone
leave I'll be alone turn the feedings
that's how you get yourself in trouble
hey you go over here
your feeding area my goodness this is
your troublemaker oh oh you are total
there you were till there huh
leave Alvey alone you Val be alone even
alone leave I'll be alone alone we
should let Chris Crocker to make a video
oh my god guys you are going to get in
trouble you are going to get in so much
right that's it that's it I'm staying
here I'll be I'm here I'm here for your
safety
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because down
