opposite forums to happen if you live
with if we lived in a backwards world
this is what life would be like we go
forwards check that bad news everyone
bad news all right can I run out the
door first come on come on ready do it
do it
see these point out out out out out out
out come on outside outside let's go
outside outside
go on go peepees dear bee bees
what's the big ones you have to worry
about where's Dina see that stay stay
you gotta do your pee pees that side I'm
sorry about this it's really important
Guan hua copy bees no man the drama
rocket that is so cool-looking fast
that's growing it was so awesome
anything matter if it's gonna grow into
such a lush rocket that's this dude I
can treat ll be like a little while
before you can tell if I've actually
managed to rescue it or not but it
smells amazing
Mazal ethos as Alito's just gonna my
house is everyone go to my house one two
three four five six all accounted for
another beautiful day in beautiful sunny
southeast of Ireland yay best summer
ever
heat wave in sorrento guys 40 degrees
sure hope they're all having a good time
over there in the rain thanks for
thinking of me I appreciate that
it's a leafy lunch
it's a leafy lunch like I got spinach
and rocket even though there's spinach
and rocket in this he's like you want
side salad right I decided to pick them
up myself there's not a lot of room here
and the quickly forget last time
there we go
I made it work I made it work outs I
forgot my own cookies you don't do
Christmas here but the food oh my god I
mean it's not crazy
maybe it's a copy look no whoa oh my god
yeah so much so cook what's it like
having a person inside of you I've never
had a person
you couldn't take it for those so where
does that like we were all inside
someone yeah
you know when you're in a car yeah
oh really it feels like I should pass it
to me it's like
I bet you'll miss it though I bet when
after the baby comes in sort of a sense
of like it's not in there anymore I know
that you look right over there but you
might be a sense of like is that that
depression thing postnatal depression
you don't have time for that you'll be
breastfeeding to whom I need the puppies
but washing my clothes
I think you can just happened
yeah a straightaway sweet boom yeah
should do that puppy's neck it's so big
didn't then okay harness eyes are Nick
who color D ones look pink ones for the
girls know the difference they're
different
so annoying
join the pet shop that we hates because
they're always treated horribly mean to
us they sell them and they're like the
only place that sell the ones because I
want them are that the same one maybe we
could order them online or something
well maybe we can get one of you guys
you can get one of these you guys can go
into the shop and get we wait outside
you know like I'm just going to play
some smokes
well she owned the place some furnaces
yeah then I've been seen on own so
that's a completely different design and
everything I like the black one then the
way the harness is plus they're from the
vet stones we got so I'm looking at
something that's cute but you the pink
one no all right okay oh yeah look
mm-hmm but I do like the ones that they
have Oh treat
guys I don't know she's tougher since
the first time I saw it I just loved it
even though it doesn't match our
furniture
I just love to slay bad luck doesn't
matter
oh she can feel like all like they're
okay I'm sure it does open in real life
nah fees and stuff so I think you have
the my the air mattress and the covers
and stuff as well yeah dusty Renoir okay
now isn't it what you think brown one
with a white one mmm the tricky choice
this is the hole we're going to team the
bramble team rambling smudge is it yeah
this thing beside your bed does it shake
or something because I like them because
they know it's probably locked or
something but they can't move like an ax
probably ago a vanity
my game is I don't know and I'm so torn
team like the brown one in the violin it
does go more it's more Universal it's
more neutral do you remember at the fair
don't remember I was looking at that
slave and I was like oh my god like it
is so ridiculously expensive and I got
it out of my head and I was all like
yeah no we'll get the white one the
white and brown when you know but then
every time I look at it it's like it's
so saucy you know it's like so grand and
it's like slavery and oak and wooden
yeah
I heard a I actually no offense I tuned
out because she was there was just so
much information it was like there was
like 10 or fake if gonna shoot more I
type it down with Allah I was like I
just I just wanted a match it's like no
and then it was like the safety thing or
something in between it and the spring
when a new sponge wanted in this
but it's not he's got okay for a baby
doll
Gemma why why I get the best one for
Amelia that's the more expensive one the
full one is less expensive because it
quiet and then after maybe like a month
or a year yeah maybe like a year you buy
another
well I like the idea like for example
the sleigh bed would be Amelia's bet
it'll never be any other children we
have bet it'll be a meanie as bad and it
will turn into Amelia's grown up ads and
then it'll turn into a little futon
couch in Amelia's room that she can sit
on and do her homework and probably her
fourth boyfriend who sit on it he will
and he better be nice you listen to me
here he calls over many of you like
he'll what you can't go down there you
know this is he can't take it off I'm so
cute
time to go when everyone else you know
we had fun we had some boys fun we had
some boys fun with a boy time who
brought you just went alive
first who's first to read saying first
ones amen
no / argh
oh there we go TM 11 or D followed by a
set and I'm a at 39 we've assumed your
name is queer in real life but it's
Queens at 11 Kagan's and Richard oh
thanks thanks Eleanor y-drop Georgia
that's a cool username Lucy
Ashley McKenzie beauty
he nudes I feel like I'm illiterate when
I read that people see usernames I
brought down to the literate like yeah
cuz I like capitals and non capitals and
something had so it's quite difficult to
read so I did read I can read good I
once read Humpty Dumpty oh my goodness
so I'm just about to start editing the
style that right we were and we're
filament earlier on we had you know like
the fire great thing sitting up we had
an open the top self because the dogs
have figured out how to I get true it
they've beaten the system so we're like
okay we're putting on the top one one of
them knocked it over today and I made a
big crash and they all start screaming
right now everybody's okay and finally
cuz this is hours ago but I was just
cleaning through the footage and I
realized oh my god the moment that
happened we actually caught so instead
of cut I'm just gonna show you guys here
and said me having to edit in right so
home I'm just turn the volume up a
little bit it's nice in that okay you
ready
this is like really really freaky look
at our expressions oh my god with Terra
kind of Terry's oh my god isn't that
mental so it was so scary
yeah face maximum kind of carries
but I thought like that was it all the
puppies have been crushed or something
like that
I was so scary oh my goodness so that's
the end of the case cuz I figured I
thankfully are big enough that they were
able to push it over but at the same
time they were able to get it away
before it came crashing down oh my
goodness that is so scary
but um I think we're gonna go buy a baby
gate so that doesn't happen anymore
because we can't let the wound open and
Astaire's because I can get up the
stairs but they can't get down the
stairs which causes other problems yeah
so this is Harlan but this is Irish
weather for you by the way it is now
8:40 - and the Sun is beaming in the
eyes now and putting my sunglasses on so
sunny tomorrow it'll be raining
yeah it would have been nice can you
guys see all my scratches here yeah we
had a bit of a puppy brawl
we light underground and we gotta tackle
TV yeah I get the puppies in the mittens
just scratch me although I go back to
their bags and light I think it's like
two weeks we'll get him to trim down the
nails again for our safety
okey dokey this is what I came here for
but I didn't know is this a drill see it
drills into the edge that is definitely
no good because then I can't like I told
her spring winter I was kind of one so
you can just like twist into you know
but it's not it's like a permanent
fixture it is to your case number one
yeah no I think so
I just I'm gonna try our guess or
something tomorrow like it so long and
then I can just kind of like twist in
and then never have to use the game
there's meaning there's no such thing
well that's like a playpen
yeah this tax card collapsible safety
bar yeah yeah okay well this might be
what we're looking for
it's not permanent in that way that's it
because it's not permanent the locking
mechanism pressure fit with no need for
screwing drilling or fixing that's what
I want this watch is it
okay well we'll probably find you so
Amelia Tom that's my dream nice it's my
dream device I will not be buying my
dream device in Tesco that's for
shizzles but this this is fine Linton
flexi guard that it's awesome I really
thought we were gonna go oh my god -
pink Henry and they had a girlfriend
okay
also I think we're gonna start to buy
some new pampers or some nappies like I
think if we start stockpiling now
because I was like whatever we try to
work at that like we have the entire
month of September covered in case like
who just for some reason kind of leave
the house or I don't know like you know
you have a new baby out of it it's kind
of scary going outside for the first
time which one are we looking for
this jumbo extra-large 16 whoa party
oh you don't get big ones
I race for 211 pounds
yeah 4011 six euros for that's a 27
there's 27 and this is back they're
really small because it's a baby baby
like newborn baby okay and you reckon
ten a day that's like two days China -
did she get two packs or whatever buy
one just like one every time we got her
okay when we get into the 30 yeah yeah I
think we should try and go to am like
yeah I sort you know the places where
you buy a wholesalers or something like
that I'm buying like a crate of them we
should go by like a thousand and room or
something in one go
and they're just like stock up a room or
something yeah like 136 there I am
and they're only like that for such a
short period of time isn't it yeah
that's probably why okay good good
thinking pampers you don't Keys the same
she looks kind of cool it's completely
portable so you can like bring it
anywhere you go they want out of my way
because I think it's gonna like oh is it
does it pop out no doesn't see anything
work right that's it flip left what
triangle again this is an art device
after much trial and error we got it we
got it folks all right so you see this
no screws necessary because otherwise I
was gonna do like drilling to the wall
so puppies are not gonna like this
I think might pick the bottom one in at
the bottom and it'll probably work like
that
hold on there we have it awesome done
Nene's yeah look everyone upstairs
everyone upstairs oh can you step over
it I don't think that there's anything
didn't you just gonna loosen it right I
like a door no no no because it's a
temporary thing
the other ones they're permanent ones
the doors yeah you can just put that up
anywhere it's kind of happy to have you
know bingo nice nice job Joe people look
hey Justin see my hand
everyone got some bones bones iou's we
got four of them but it seems that like
I mean missing yeah okay I'm gonna check
the Garden State
doesn't seem to be out here
no I couldn't see it there oh really
is that all the mechanic for then no
idea I would have gone to first-time
buyer guys 27 because that's what I was
thinking like that should cover the
first month right one a day well I was
like turning one obviously okay so it'll
take maybe maybe a stretch to buy but
you should probably buy two of them
because policy boy one of these a month
you know
janna get me humor are you dumb
oh look what I got mmm rosemary thyme
basil and wine it gets that wine but um
it could be wine a kind of funny wine
must guess yeah I know there's no point
in well the bottles over there so no
there's no point in it it's modest
because what what did Tomatoes well
they've lost them they're in the lost
and found
they've only lost and pound right let's
get some lunch
let's get some lunch on the go he's
making dinner you guys it's really good
timing in here Dani secret Simon Oh
Simon hello thrifty teal anybody want
some peace he is thrifty Larry he was my
new buddy he was he kept following me
around today didn't they think he knows
that you and I'll be our boys and he
wants to be
Justino happy this is the boys club army
you have to have a Willie to get in I
can get in
well don'ts Deena Bobby's not a stealer
let's put this down to keep the girls
away no girls allowed
Oh girls allowed in the club but you can
go in I'll be I'll be okay okay okay
don't tell don't tell her password don't
tell it i'll be i'll be i'll be don't
tell her the password Shh
you can wait up you know look look EEP
EEP EEP EEP EEP you know it's the
password see you can go in you can go in
now and everyone's Sina he has 1 2 3
yeah it only seems to be 3 although c9
seems to have taken ownership over one
yeah alright I said I didn't think I
wouldn't seen her in the interest in
them
yeah that's these ones one two guard he
doesn't you want to eat one but where oh
where you didn't get up there because
that's being closed I just walked the
garden unless it's under a bush you know
Kobe under Bush yeah lucky bushes hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
ha
