I don't sleep en why don't we behead
morning sleepyheads
now beyond scheme and here there you go
pay the toll
pay the toll you doggies no goodness
well hey hey there was my lair here okay
let's see what happen didn't hardly hear
the lecture playing one night though but
he usually tell if something's gonna
happen
so am I'm his mom oh my god
 oh my god feels of rocket feels of
rocket oh oh oh this is that this is
usually the start to the end
oh my god Cena sucks it sucks fun or
happy Father's Day songs any second and
I love you
may your favorite dad happy fetus
Father's Day father fetus and father
fetus is it not still a person I wasn't
you know it's a full person now yeah
third trimester she's ready to go it's
ready to go so we're going to town guys
and I'm doing whatever I wanted Mina has
to do whatever I wanted to I tell you
I'm thinking I'm thinking waka mamas my
chicken katsu I'm gonna buy a computer
video video computer game I've bought a
video computer game and so long I don't
know I just like playing I'm very picky
a bad game so when I find her like Far
Cry 2 which I've been playing for about
four years I just like it I just I never
really get much time to play anyway so
you know then I was like I'm supposed to
buy that Crysis 1 like I don't know
about 2 years ago and I was like gee
gosh I don't do that everything got
around about a Mass Effect yes or I have
that one now so looking forward to that
look at that that's from our wedding I'm
afraid to even touch it in case it falls
apart
I have that I have there Batman
soundtrack a hat that I used to play all
the time I was a sloppy sloppy sloppy
what yeah like I trimmed away all the
dead stuff got over it all like so it's
more there's less stuff here but you can
definitely see look we're still starting
to put out from yesterday looks a lot
cleaner now just want to get rid of the
dead stuff certain cars I don't chop
these down a king day definitely seem to
have life in them stuff man come on
let's go let's go you have to be able to
get down you have to be able to get down
the stairs it's really important to be
able to get down he can stuck up there
what you say the strip's yeah uh-huh
cuz they're quite late oh yeah okay okay
that's dope
you gonna mine the house everyone are
big splashes no no big specs on the
other side man
oh you missed a huge one but I wasn't
recording this deadly I love got you a
big I picture all over the other side
you drive an inner light
that's the best part of a flooding
it's just blood more often so we decided
to go into Canada I was tweeted and I
was like shopping center or city center
cuz I was like it's kind of raining so
at the time I think I want a really big
one you know like the whole front of the
car like you know splashes open
everything so cool alright Sam we go
right with that wipers on
big out of a horse we just really
convenient area me those all are like
waka mamas
right okay sign about that the wipers on
that's 85 that's how it come down come
down there haha okay so yeah change of
plan change the plan abandon ship
I'm going back to Mountain points this
is insane like it wasn't did spot a few
minutes ago
oh my goodness so I'm gonna trade
welcome mama's fernando's it's not too
bad of a trade off but oh my goodness
what's he trying place oh and get a
calzone house only that's doesn't sound
like a fine idea let's see what the
crowds are like this is this is
redonkulous it was it was like really
sunny this morning for a little while
and then that was really good boy Lau
the dogs a friend right they're all just
asleep in the garden which is really
good for them and they all right yeah
I'm food he's elusive even teasing
people cookies booze
so much better they are so much better
once there if you're asleep and you see
them waking up put them outside because
you know it's gonna happen we've learned
that from our experience with maltese
malti you say all right let's go back to
my home and the party keeps going and if
property keeps going oh yeah Wow
June huh June in Ireland you guys should
totally come to Ireland in June it is
Mediterranean it is beautiful don't
forget your sucky screaming it's a game
guys we were over there and we waited
and we watched and now we're here look
how close you are
well the planet I actually even came in
I was gonna drop you off it's gonna drop
on off the door then I was gonna park
cause I can move faster without a told
slow craigers there so we're this close
to the door which is pretty darn close
we did pretty well because once we get
into Tesco we can go to Tesco down into
the rest of the place this is all for
nanos unfortunately I'm the shop wanna
go to isn't even in here but this is
just to get a munch a mighty munch
mighty munch that's the jammers now
suppose what were you doing at a quarter
past three on Sunday on Father's Day
Father's Day William a 10-point font Oh
get in with his umbrella maybe he's just
like Irish balloons you just always have
an umbrella with you the pink one is a
huge one
through the back says lane there she's
like tables like now I'm waiting for a
food so we got our booth but like oh my
goodness it's not a freeman here for
everyone
I'll be seen at Nevaeh Bianca Theo New
Berlin there's enough room for everyone
huh I didn't know I'm looking at this I
want everything gelato that must be the
point of he's fresh gas I was telling
Lana she should get this where is it Hey
all right there look
the prego steak you know for the
pregnant people this is so cool salads a
man knows Oh - what is the one coming to
forever
I always wanted to get a salad salad was
a primo or something I've been on Furio
one Fino or keep diet so I always
thought the sweet corn if you like the
sweet corn but I couldn't resist trying
the salads like and I got the veggie
burger and a side salad I got the non
veggie chicken and the chips and they
think I am looking for this is my father
say feast all right let's see if we can
actually find the naked palette or
because it doesn't seem to exist but
everyone keeps telling us it does
you can govern sound brand Thomas so
let's try here
hey it's not one that I wear here who's
that by Chanel mm-hmm I said fancy hi I
wear Chanel
I give up let's go
for others day
I'll be out soon
why would you that I'm too impatient to
wait I'm just gonna steal your baby see
ya
but is it I was here oh my goodness no
wasn't mom why do not we formally
apologize to everybody that's a hell
we've didn't believe you
maybe it came in on the plane how much
is this bad boy oh but it's Father's Day
no just just steal that one oh wait this
one what's the difference though this
one you just
thank you pink
yeah but because it's really box of
colors to check for yeah
just just go by that yeah why not no we
came here for this it's sitting right
here come on don't be afraid do it do it
do it do it oh my god I can't even find
a fighter say you're so terrible do it
Oh gives approval No look at that I'll
get her attention
oh my god I can't even buy that stuff oh
she's so cute she looks like elves oMG
yeah
Ella's new elegance invested in your
channel is it elegance is that the
English Channel no sorry
oh no the elegance I think it's the army
that you heard part of her over Steve
you guys and you guys watch her she's
really funny you should watch her eating
for two but what about for three
Oh wanna I get takeout do I you get so
from wanders day me my god jaqen haven't
got three things in mind point and then
for a Father's Day you thought in makeup
earned the k-palette you did pretty well
on parents day I have the book for you
it's probably it's right it's on a
skinny bitch mentality you know the like
you know after you get off you can do it
look I can make you sleep diet that
Durkin that fine teen ended oh really
did it work
she wanted it the first phase or
something and they gave up you can
either meet oh my god oh my god we get
it like you it's like a sailor nook in
the right well what size is it nine
months HSA was that throwing that last
level whatever just don't get it too
small
pity they grow up
but I got that thing that's so cute
isn't that so cute
oh my god we have to go somewhere for it
why that though you know we're making
things up to go places to go to the
Opera or something he's so cute that is
so much cuter than nappies we're getting
this nina whole - who's happening well
the dress isn't can win it I'm gonna get
this dress as well oh it started it
started I I tasted it in Italy buying
clothes and now I'm addicted should be a
winter baby you know like oh my god eco
really well with the dress all the blue
is the wrong color
see if there's a lighter blue one you
they are cute
I know
okay I think they should leave now
because you just I just keep buying
stuff I think we have likely going home
and that kind of start it now I can't
remember I was in a daze I just started
I just kept kicking himself as I was
walking I have come to water hey guys
where's geralyn's America's watching
this Nicky and the stretches so I've
come to we've come to water the plants
little sunshine have you seen that I
love the end
no she chose that she's all like dressed
up and off that's good stuff
so this is well yeah they're pretty dry
all right let's give them a quick
once-over quick onesies ooh should we
steal a TV while we're here
what's that kitty cat kitty cat kitty
cat kitty kitty cat
you gotta give me you gotta rub my hand
come on come on come on it's the cost
it's the tax attaching door it's at
center oh oh let's have a look up your
nose
the focus who are you knickers are you
knickers in a twist
let's give you guys some lunch because I
know it seems there's no food here you
only go I don't even know what that is
well I don't want it all right whoa
ultimate book killer I know I could
probably put that on my plans outside
you know the M and stuff I've shown you
guys yesterday where it was all like
eating himself and I know I could put
this stuff but you see if I put that on
it then it's not really organically
grown because I've used a sort of
weren't for that stuff I can't run but
you know like if you want something
organic like nothing absolutists all
shouldn't even be treated it you just
grow naturally organically by itself and
if you start using chemicals and stuff
on it
yes it'll probably protected yeah it'll
probably grow better and all that kind
of crap but it won't be organic minimize
we'll just go back to Tesco just buy it
so I want it to be as organic and fresh
as possible
I think F&E getting a greenhouse but
that's the way to lean fire big man Tony
and Hunter we're going to buy some day
you guys can come in there
hi I need can i but thirty thousand
bedroom house please my family is quite
large okay time for Joffe Joe free to
get Joe for jokes that dopey jokes where
they're joking serious isms
I'm going to get some books calculators
school pens I was saying just sort of
happens you a boy and a girl when girls
shopping you bought herds addresses and
clothes and now we're going boy games
with a boy look at this guy's I adopted
him look $0.40 I found it in know the
areas where he like trying stuff out and
I was just sitting there for 40 cent and
I was like I'm gonna adopt you
I'm gonna bring you home and I'm gonna
rescue it cuz like you can see look it's
kind of in a bit of a mess like it's
obviously dead but I'm I'm gonna save it
I'm gonna bring this back to life huh I
adopted it like you know don't look
don't buy your your plants from a
breeder adopt one mmm what's going on
here guys what's that mm-hmm what what's
this is this what's happened to my
plants is it is this what's happened the
forefront Bobby get out of there oh my
god are you all doing
that's not for drinking
I just don't know I know like pulling at
this thing yeah it's gone anyway yeah in
two weeks time you guys are getting your
next shots and you know what that means
that means you guys are gonna get little
harnesses hmm
that changes the game game changes then
harnesses bring you guys can bring you
guys for the big doggies gone hmm
everyone's guilty everyone's guilty so
even on Father's Day I have to work
look at this big chunk of lump lump
chunk we stole this from Amish matters
so if you're watching this thank you
very much for your twenty four month old
parmigiano-reggiano oh look there it is
this guy this smells so amazing oh my
goodness
time smells amazing and look at my
rocket oh my goodness oh my goodness oh
my God my bootcut yum so al Ammons
parmesan and garlic is it
yeah
No what's this called trap any pasta
trap any pasta
youngbeom pretty excited mr. Tony eat
this it's an Irish joke oh my god it
smells amazing seriously love it
join me baby's hair I don't know oh oh
you don't dish that thing over
I got max Maxie that smells amazing the
Basel II smell is nice you should put
some thyme in there spiders in call for
time not any time have you any time for
that
good job devious Tony's moving no it's
not his MO isn't she moving
no yeah she's moving what are you
thinking about Allie that was a big one
there another one there oh there's a big
one nasty uh-huh
my god that's crazy he can actually feel
it it's a media media doesn't this
Oh God we live in a zoo we live in a zoo
I'll be that's what they want that's
what a one take and I take attacking the
camera what did you bathe Deena I'll be
what pinky what do you got she's a she's
a mental she's mentally unstable that's
what she is so bad like if she works and
you like me more so bold you bold not
you miss Deena da ba Bianca Bianca sit
she's smart yeah easily smart
give it up give me up now stick you in
the bog
give me the blog the blog gonna have
that back at some point and so at some
point I'm gonna need that back I'm gonna
need this back at some point oh my god
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
