so what's she doing and I've been up and
down like back and forth
I'm not joking like she has not moved
from that position
he's standing there what are you doing
that she won't move like she's literally
been standing in that exact position but
my feeling Sammy's that's the story
mm-hmm what's the story let's run hmm
Tron you're frozen this happened
sometimes dogs get frozen sometimes come
on
thank you your Oscar defrost a dog oh no
no stay there
uh-huh you've already drowned - the
puppies they're mental Cena huh huh
I mean usually she goes here on the road
shut up
what's it really okay what's up
buttercup you okay
was it a rough morning yeah you're such
a good traffic segment the state
attorney bill she wants to offer some
you a okay yeah oh well I'll be stolen
mercy they never stopped raining for
five seconds like a torrential monsoon
Emma texted me this morning I owe 30
degrees here in Sorrento and I was like
ah oh yeah because I make sure today
after the birthday video when I was like
oh my god you gotta check the comments
and she's like all when Naples now no
internet I'll check later you know and
she texted me yesterday sometimes like
oh my god I was like oh like guys you
did a really nice thing
that was so cool and it was like 750
comments or so wishing her happy
birthday so that was really nice guys
are awesome being pregnant
don't be too loud the puppies are
uranium all up Oh
probably that's not it but if you have
too much fun up here they give out they
do yeah no they go crazy they start
complaining we're all so tired it's
tough being pregnant guys it's tough for
me haha
I've got half another half of that pizza
dough stuff left you want to make the
pasta do I'm just sorry no but I'm not
gonna make pizza I want to make
something else I never taught Nina we'd
ever reach a case in our lives mood
fight about who's going to cook no it's
not even a bet I don't want to cook but
I just don't want pizza dough again yeah
I bet there's something else you can do
with it though Turner's recipe book in
the in our bookshelf I told you it's
called a tongue and baking you should
check it out George oh my god if we got
some chicken all your vegetarian corn oh
yeah Quan and motion like voila Vaughn
and use the pastry to make the shells
look a big pie that's filo pastry stuff
oh really
we're not feeling puff pastry oh it was
all the same Arthur doesn't your hair is
nice actually is it you said to me
yesterday I should cut my hair cuz you
were doing this with that yes look don't
don't you just ruin it now look no
ghosting is it how is it disgusting cuz
it looks like some yeah that's nice
notice my norm is yeah well how does it
disgusting like that yeah thanks I'm
kind of like I don't know a tease I was
born in the eighties amazing oh my god
that ain't he's loser
like 80 loser mad niggas loser mad I was
born in these so my name is this was
mine
yeah oh my god you're good easy loser
oh god like I'm such a loser
I'm Elise I don't do this what won't
even stay up it's cool though
I gotta say I've got to stay relevant
and trendy with the kids
you know I mean I'll be like oh that's
so cool no try-hard dad wear your hair
like that
don't listen to Bob that notice no mom
ally no oh my god says no B oh my god
Albie hey boys
ha ha ha it was like it was lies
it was like I love these little slip
flops I'm never taking them off slips
loves this is the ex enough flip-flops
and they're not slippers or slip slaps t
: comfortable indoor flip-flops are
called flip-flops because you're like
serious but just slip and slop it stops
it seriously look right you're a sweet
t-shirt all the time look at that
that's the one from yeah yeah from again
the girls we met yesterday thank you see
ya their day senders sent me this about
a year ago this has become my favorite
t-shirt I love I know just the way it
fits me for them look a cat what did am
was a Jesse Guzman a coin a phrase ones
Joe alright saying like Joe fat oh so
she said Joe fancy Joe fancy that's
right now yo pansy look at that oh my
goodness oh my goodness all I did guys
is I stops eating
500 pizzas and 600 Chaplin bars a day
it's off the truck that's not it
surprise surprise
that's all it took Ali stop stop stop
that stop-stop give me operation ears no
we don't inner fine
hey boogers yeah geez I think you know
she's taking herself I got it you got it
good girl Tina I was like a stringer
mm-hmm how did you get the string in
your eye
yeah did you get a string in it I seen
as the leakiest dog it ever meet in your
life tries to like everybody he came he
wants to lick everybody it's just a lick
he also little to rolling rats I do
magic Brogan rats in ages kissing Oh
Linette thank you for holding me yes
speaking of rolling Mattson Xena no no
we were thinking right about the moving
thing we're like what would you guys do
if you cuz we'll have a two month old
baby and we're thinking like do we go
like out into like the countryside where
you can have a lot more land and it's
not someone who has babies but the the
dogs yeah more about dogs yeah what does
it mean anywhere she doesn't really care
about the garden yes you do
but we're looking like you going to a
city and it's like you're closer to a
city and all that kind of stuff but
you'll get like a smaller gardening
stuff or you know we're looking at
houses that are a little bit further
added into the countryside but then you
add like two acres and land and trees
and the dogs look like you know fully
attacked big private properties and so
it looks like I don't know it's like the
dogs might appreciate that more you know
what you have to drive everyone you have
to drive everywhere yeah we're trying
everywhere we do drive everywhere here
the place Ryoka is 20 minutes gia Montes
so it's not that ridiculous I think it's
less honestly yeah true like you were
after them to drive probably yeah but I
think it'd be good for Amelia gonna
drive to nice I thought was gonna happen
anyways yeah it also has a swing set and
a play area for kids with sand castles
so even though Amelia I won't appreciate
that for many years
no I will I'll be low what you want to
do Albie I'm from the city I'm actually
from the city he's not really no sorry
so rope deposit Vinci Ferris gonna walk
back home but
new peeps hmm back to my peeps back to
my peeps
so I leave you some commenters what do
you guys think and would you do
urban I'll try to ask right yeah sending
like urban adventure like we you and
then like country clean think of our
pins country clean oh yeah hello mmm I
need some remedies for heartburn and
what else you want them to do while I
have you here what else would we make
them do stand on one foot and clap your
hands behind your head like this give
this row token Albie oh goodness
Oh what okay there did you take for a
second purchase versus ah you're not
thinking of dealing with this um like
this thing is just getting bigger
what the hell is that of course idol
battle that's why Sh
oh my god Bassel flowers oh my god I
never even knew that was even possible
so I thought about to say cuz this
battle plan is just like forever growing
I was thinking if I actually move it
edit a small little thing into one of
the big ones and use that expert like
that super awesome compost that I use
and put into it maybe it'll encourage it
to grow bigger I cannot believe it
actually grew flowers that is so cool
I don't even know basil grew flowers the
things he loves the polka snare because
it's like she's making me friends they
all play a trick like this like a lit up
the fight no we're about but you never
like fights back you know like she knows
they're her little kids like there's a
little puppy so she knows nothing about
me I just want some more private so I
can go peepees okay anything happened in
here probably not because it's only been
like a day oh oh
back then there so today this happening
something is German German German
tobacco Bernie it's gonna take quite a
while to do something but epic you'll so
yeah what do you think well I am don't
do that
alright so moisture control pop this up
I'm also thinking about bringing back in
like the para thing everything's gone in
there I think it's all like well beyond
it's well beyond saving but I'm thinking
about bringing it back in um some of
them I'm see just if I can bring them
back to life so
I think this will fit in here nicely
like show and I think that will grow way
better in here we give it a lot more
opportunity it's probably a much better
soil compost and stuff like that so em
let's do a quick transferring and there
we go all put it in there look at that
thing it's not just so epic the smell of
that guy's it's amazing oh that's so
beautiful and that's the other thing
about we're saying around by moving out
towards they're moving into a more
country or area like outside the cities
is that the place that we're looking at
like you notice saying I have a couple
acres on the land
I was looking and gonna oh my god like
this massive area is where we can am we
can where I can build like a little farm
area and grow like tons of stuff because
the problem with a lot of this stuff is
that although it grows better indoors it
needs like a glasses because I put that
stuff outside and the weather and the
insects and just nature itself feasted
upon it and the puppies you know and I
was like wouldn't be cool and like a
huge big glass house working like grow
tons of this stuff like tomatoes rocket
tomorrow like basil Organa Rossum I
think next because of the success of
this I'm definitely thinking again
rosemarie necks because rosemary smells
so good and you can use Rose me all the
time and then I'll get in speaking of
time I'll get some time then you know
and just build up like I think you'll be
really cool you know - smells me amazing
you know put you with the union Gabby
making it to Canadia - I may appeal at
all just give me a heads up this is my
next big project I am bringing this back
okay look but you remember how awesome
this was and now look at this the poor
thing oh she's been eaten up by every
thicket is stripped apart completely
ravaged by caterpillars and snails and a
guard knows wash oh look you got shoot
on there and everything
poor thing we are bringing you back sir
I brought it back in here
I might trim away
the dead stuff just to sort of clean it
up a little bit and hopefully bring it
back back to existence because there is
there is still life like look at the
stems are you know the stems are
stronger it definitely looks like it
could lose woodlice in there
what are okay cuz what do I totally
feast on you know there's a couple of
slugs in there yeah yeah let a couple of
slugs and ants remove two slugs cuz
they're gonna cause some trouble oh look
at that you see a little thing in there
look it's actually trying to UM regrow
itself
nice job Nature but don't worry you're
safe in here let's bring you back back
to the beauty hey large cauldron off
haha
hello wait everyone oh that's all right
which one are we cooking pop one in this
one oh that's a feast a feast or having
puppies you guys puppies you with a
mascarpone Oh doh ha ha
what are those mascarpone
don't mask your pony what
I too Evers in these days I can't wait
I'm pregnant I'm gonna make you do
everything it's gonna be all that back
next time we decided next time I'm gonna
carry the baby cutter in the ball cuz
then you'll never set their pregnant
belly on fire you know can see the way
like your belly so much closer now see
you added water to the water yeah we're
having a water skew but you don't mean
like you know you mean you're not used
to having a big bed you'll bump into
things
yeah what's the kind of weird like to
have like a part of your body that's
like way bigger than normal yeah I know
oh my god I wanted as Jennifer Lopez
have that problem with her bum she's
like turning around or Kim Kardashian
she's like oh sorry nothing pigs over oh
my god
I got junk in my trunk oh my goodness
guys we were witness we are witnessing a
crime we so exciting it was like the
best TV ever we were sitting on the bed
and from the bed we can view the sort of
that greenforest area across from us and
it was like police there and everything
was like oh my god and there's like kids
screaming okay when I got all my guys is
like Best TV everyone then and then so I
creeped up and I opened the windows we
can hear right and after a few minutes
and a please Ross and they're taking
Amelia's dog you know your dog she did
tell our everything fell off the wind
blew it open and hit the ground I were
like oh my god she was like jumping
around we're like sketch did buying a
Bentley all turned around like we're
like just talk just duck down
oh my god it's so exciting with some
like that happens isn't it no mm quiet
just like walk past and lately he just
stood there yeah they just stopped and
watch okay we're just watching it's like
my god his daddy's went back under Damon
ever oh my goodness that happened you
leave me some comments you ever been at
privy to such drama
I was expected we totally forgot to go
to the market Oh Columbia know how House
Blend is like 20 cent more oh look they
stopped telling me I want a free
cappuccino
okay stuff and that is on a crazy fruit
situation feels like I'm crazy fruit is
that is that fruit is that more fruit
show me what you have there give me this
home zingers just like what is going on
here he's mad for Africa I think you may
have enough peaches here you just need
them there do you need to have in here
like can't even sit sighs oh well if you
get a fun game I can't believe you like
what is going on
I can ain't alright oh my god is nothing
in that pack yeah don't get the crap
stuff crazy what is this
alright well you get the home zinger
then to go here under collection no no
what
oh yeah between t1 is there a fruit one
oh nice uh-huh
oh it's all dirty I'm misty that's the
one I always get that moment of calm but
it's more of a Christmas you think like
a winter think how important wouldn't be
I wouldn't be or what you would be
forgiven for thinking it was winter
winter has come
Ireland is like Winterfell huh six ready
that could have been ready is everyone
doing
I didn't sit up my munchkin it's so good
I know it'll be so sad like what we made
me nothing no Tucker we ha made me all
the dis to get our guys really Cena well
hey I've seen little Amelia b1 ran here
- well actually by the time she's
running around report it won't be here
anymore question oh god you know that's
always new huh yeah yeah crazy way oh
what a nice guy come on guys
inside inside ah it's good it's good
Faison treats the GTOs shit's good will
you do it end Oh
choo-choo-choo-choo choo-choo-choo-choo
season 10 weeks all day no word it seems
at ten weeks all one word
stay no stop and don't do not come in
sit for cavalry
now where is it where'd you put them
how'd you put them planting don't you
put them
Scrappy's
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
