didn't get that we gonna get that are
you you guys are so cute you guys are so
cute
mm-hmm so it's so rainy and cold out
there no that's crap I know guys okay
they know they have to go now
what could it go up can it go grandma's
here's all by the way mom he's grabbed
my hair what Emma
that's your great-grandma I think but
that's too complicated so we'll just
call her grandma doesn't it yeah I must
take my McKinnon right did you behaving
no there's no way to teach your mommy no
no well we've kind of moved into just
brother and sister now relish this
mystery why yeah it's complicated like
me no mama is the sister
we had they're all brothers and sisters
now it's too complicated because if
that's their mom then we're their
grandparents so I like exactly exactly
it's it's take you all I'm not even you
know cuz once they got like they're at
the age network she doesn't see them as
her babies at home you know so she
called me today
babies are bringing each other well
nobody of them are done formally okay
we'll do another couple of rounds no 16
dogs that's it
what a learn a few rounds like six but
their own relation yeah can't be bred
off each other
yeah you can there's my signature ah why
we let everyone have Pope's one random
Pope's each first from each other yeah I
think you wanted you want a baby what
you brought over your sisters huh
Mahoney and pointy reunion guys we are
meeting some people from uh uh about
when was this how long ago is that
Oh like February or something I can't
remember but it was early on in the
pregnancy hey everyone I don't know if
you guys ever saw but someone left us a
video response and she said that her her
mom and her dad and her family were
traveling to Ireland in June and they
would love to meet up with us for like a
copy or something just this months ago
and she seemed very nice to the video so
I was like okay
that sounds like thinking like Joonas
and miles oi but June is calm there in
Cork and she's like look I really love
to meet you guys even five minutes or
something like that and I was like yeah
okay you know you've come all the way
from Canada
it's at least we can do Canadians is the
official Canadian vlogging people and
favorite
okay that's answers Oh Jim or not we
were not some I'll be mess ones didn't
work out well he went to Windsor Castle
Oh oh my god she's I'm always going on
my shoes I know here
oh you're so cool caveman shoes and
they're so perfect for the time of year
that she's gonna go home yeah it's kind
of odd business the wool comes from
Scotland we made and then Kubek
so how old is that how old is like a
year I was hoping it'd fit me pure sheep
wool sheep skin and leather oh my god
they should be something so cute
send a scarf or immediately a baby scarf
my god you know bees head starts when
the babies are lungs and alters the core
we're going today guys forget tasks Oh
follow the Italian flag fever oh you
tell me we're going to Italy guys it's
my small tiny tiny OS party in the case
today okay let's head there um excuse me
coming through coming through the Oh
guys guys got orange oh okay we made us
few all right let's go
I saw some picture of Naples said yeah
that's how you come here
how are you oh good I was it yeah did
you think the buffalo mozzarella that
would that's the same self again the
other place in it
ah there's like feel like I'm lucky yeah
get some parmesan
Madonna de caldas over here over yep
there he is look please gotcha
flower you know tomato focaccia
is that it no that's chickpea
there we go
I'll get a few hmm olive oil
do we have Oliver all we have the
teacher code on me yeah are we
trying an hour
almost Oh hmm this is like so I wanna
get them gravis fuck it this is way
better than pesco octopus follows the
dangerous box there's a box of chocolate
taking tris fucks Silla he's dangerous
but he's for chocolate oh we got our
stuff we can pretty much like you live
in Italy which being in quark yeah it
should be enough Nutella for me I think
she does
trying to get though I didn't know cuz I
got the same brand that we have in
Toronto you know that's quiet
which one of these would go out with
focaccia to put on you know there's
always like a curbs or a guy yeah okay
yeah this pocket that because it's a mix
of all spices this one yes we can
sprinkle on the photo shop yes miss
Oregon or garlic parsley sauce a bit pop
everything and after you runny soak in
the olive oil when you put in the oven
do you put this on afterwards or before
the oven okay
put it away when you cook when you cook
yeah and would you come pick up a watch
Francesca does and when she do the
rosemary focaccia should go to the
beginning right okay yeah everyone's
paying and outside everyone's being I'm
going outside
yay so I got loads more can you imagine
if Italian so if we bought like it's
crazy pizza fronto got loads more of it
and he's given me like so many
instructions on how to make up the
better way cuz I'm you say nights
actually if I'm artis - six she's saying
that and soak it in olive oil for a
couple hours or even overnight before
you do it it actually adds it and he
said his wife actually makes them every
Saturday morning you can buy fresh
focaccia from him but she's in Naples at
the moment so it's like we're next
neighbor I'm so excited yeah it's like
the amount of stuff we bought it's like
it's our new task oh forget Tesco this
is where we're going Italian store look
at these ones go nice nice we got some
fresh no you haven't got them and Epico
oh look at this right i asked him about
buffalo mozzarella because buffalo
mozzarella does not travel this is good
I hate this travel obviously it's not
travel there's not how well and how well
this was like five euros for one this
little this little small hangers five
years but he said this is I was like
just give me the best mozzarella you
have means I could buy this small little
one here it's five euros he said to put
it in like hot water to heat it up do
you hear him say nothing
hey supporting like the lukewarm water
not boiling water and just to heat it up
a little bit a little little release it
and imma go so we're gonna try that
super excited to see if that is as good
we said no it's not going to be it's
good and then we got this switch I'm
going to check isn't gonna make it under
focaccia pizza tonight and see if we
work out better than the last one
because every time you make it
let's see you learn how to do it just
make it and these things I love these
things peas and fish is a salmon no no
you know tuna tuna and peas yummy oh
look it's like new Villa Nouveau ah you
just need to put a nail in there YUM oh
my goodness we're gonna have another
Italian feast oh my god this is what
happens if you make too much noise up
here puppies get crazy
seen it runs down
mush mush come on guys you need to work
off some of that pent-up energy okay so
we need to move we move to a farm Quan
Quan Quan see ya
see you now hey come on it see that
you're to follow her why do you always
go around to like these different spots
quad Sina go go bring them outside and
come on
what Oh God let's go let's go run it off
let's go run it off okay don't listen
fatso here staying behind to get some
milk
how is y'all hmm they love this thing
they love the Christmas tree Christmas
tree Christmas tree in June although I
tell you want like last few days I feel
like going out and buying a Christmas
tree I feel like it's winter in Ireland
oh no oh no damn stores left outside
it's like soaked like you just ban sir
water oh goodness
you guys are crazy you guys are crazy
oh hey in a second yeah little fuckers
look that's one of them had his end up
over here owners are all gone kids they
wreck everything
okay you guys all behave at here okay be
good puppies okay go make a puppy yeah
you can be the boogeyman ki yo good
puppy
hmm okay that was there was nothing
going okay let's try this again we got
more big surprise and this time we're
gonna try something different because I
was asking him as I think I recorded
some of it we were talking about the
spices and cooking but em he was telling
me a little trick that when during the
kneading process which is adding the
water and the stuff of making the actual
dough he said put in some olive oil and
leave it to sort of intern and he said
like you can leave it overnight and we
don't have overnight to leave it but I'm
definitely leaving for a little while
and see it actually makes a difference
he said because you don't want it to
actually become sort of take or anything
you know you want to actually maintain a
sort of softness to it so i'm teeth that
make the difference
okay so let's chop this thing open pop
all the stuff in there I'm gonna take
that out because just I need to have
that in there but all no inside did it
you don't have to do this way but I
remember when I was at when I was
younger and I used to work like when I
was in school I did a lot of
construction work I'm just like you know
like laboring for her stuff but a lot of
times you have to mix the mint and I
remember whoever I don't know who was it
showed me this technique of mixing
cement I used to call it the pond so
you'd make like this and you put the
water inside the pond and why what it's
supposed to do and sort of overflows and
then it's just an easier way to knead it
into it now what we're going to do is
the olive oil I'm using is DeCicco
which is actual an actual Italian brand
that we buy kind of expensive to get an
Amex you got to import it but I'm just
gonna add foods of olive oil in there I
don't know
fighting about Thailand they won't say
like put a certain amount and mail or
something they just say like throwing a
loads olive oil I was like loads of
olive oil
this is always the fun part because your
hands and looking stuck with this stuff
sticking I I find it if I just rub my
hands together like this it all just
sort of falls off kinda so in what does
song with us all right now patrol loads
of flower you know after you separate me
but we just don't have any flowers so
this is what I'm using because this is
purely just like just get all the cheap
flowers suppose this is a bit Anna
doesn't like because she's always
concerned I won't clean up after myself
well as I said you to start I'm gonna
flip it over because I find that the
flower kind of steals a little of it
makes it easier there we have our pizza
okay I'm gonna cook this in half because
I only want to use half of it you don't
need to use a knife like this but it's
doing what I put my hands on right now
shopping them up like so I'm going to
put this part into some cling film and
then keep it for another day
so let's take the bit we're going to use
and we're going to mush it out we're
putting it into this so this is the size
that I want it to be so we just put that
down first let's sort of mark out all
right so that's the circle we're looking
for so let's turn it into it
and that's pretty much it like we
actually put the thing on to it and just
use a little bit to the side but just
kind of push them in and then just kind
of mush it around like it's going to M
expand slightly like I know you're like
oh look at this edge here
it's alright it's kind of a little bit
broken here but it's fine because as it
as it cooks it's sort of a you know it's
fans so it'll look pretty awesome this
part is kind of funny this is the part
where you get to put a smiley face in it
see no it's not okay so in order to get
this on to this there's two ways about
it
one dismount in your entire kitchen
okay remove the concrete blocks by
cutting with a jig chainsaw around the
edges and placing it on the tray now
that's not even practical so my little
technique is to fold it over okay and
then fold it again like so now I totally
made this up last time I doing because I
couldn't figure out how to do it and
then put the thing down and then put it
in one of it pave them one of the cars
and unfold this little technique there
for you you can see this were a little
holes come out by them that's okay well
that's some sort of a restaurant or
anything here and then you can continue
to just serve I don't know mould into
place see there the term to be used and
this should be nice and thin I'm hoping
this is normally like super thin I can
see I can still definitely feel the
areas where it's not him so I'm just
gonna train
well she left just a little bit more now
I know you guys can probably do this
your own way and blah blah blah
everyone's got different ways of doing
this but this is the way I've tried it a
few different ways this is the way I'm
going to do it start of push the bottom
oil
and it shaped I was sold by Pasquale is
that if you actually and using to soak
it not have time to soak it but what
I've done here the foot lots are a very
thin layer you know you can put as much
as you want that but I don't want it too
early you know I know you're probably
sitting there thinking oh my god that's
so much oil by them it'll be cool
that'll be cool this is the earth doing
little fun on it it was recommended by
Pascual a because he said I'm you give
it a little snip a little stiff there
you can see what's actually in it see
and we're just gonna sprinkle it all
over if you die most of this is just
making it up as I go along so guys I can
be totally wrong and the only way I can
find out if I am wrong in anything is
that I'm going to keep this later on and
that is the only way I know because last
time I had no idea what I was doing and
after eating it that's when I was like
oh I see where I could make changes so
this is me making changes another trick
to the chart I was kind of thinking
about this when I was doing the last
time when I was like but why would that
make any sense well now with the olive
oil it does make sense before I put all
the toppings and prepared I am actually
going to plop it in here for a little
while just very it's not a very hot heat
and then turn on the middle shelf so it
doesn't do much cooking but it should
the olive oil and then this spice and so
should actually like spices we call them
hers should actually you know like mix
in with the dough so as the dough sort
of grows up it should like just draw
that into it I don't know I might be
wrong I may be right I've no idea
but let me clean this up and we will
move on
oh look before I clean it up that's a
let's make it a little smiley face hi
guys
let's make them let's make him look at
something and I think I'm really smiley
and let's give him some teach cool you
know a mustache oh oh it's a goatee now
oh cool you're getting some ears like
you gotta have ears you gotta have under
ears - are you gonna do it at ears we're
giving some sorta hair we give up
oof your mo floof yan have the flu and
we give him glasses
sure why not we give him sunglasses Oh
sunglasses this guy's getting cooler
cooler by the minute we give me like a
full-on beard whoa whoa whoa this guy's
this guy's pretty awesome that guy's
pretty awesome thumbs up for that guy
Jim Jim I would say that is probably
done enough for the moment so look at it
yep you see and it's not really like
that much done but it's a little doughy
and now I'm gonna add the toppings
because that's already had a sort of a
catch up you know so I am let's add some
toppings
that's just like tap tap hot it's not
like boiling water and Internet
so I'm gonna leave that in a few minutes
to sort of bring the temperature up and
let's chop up some of that Pomodoro so
here's my little selection of
Mediterranean Tomatoes all chopped up
yum yum yum yum yum they do not bite
your monitor I know they look tasty
here is the buffalo mozzarella look how
soft that is like it's really really
soft and they actually warm water
definitely softened the mozzarella up
like oh my goodness it looks so good I'm
gonna I'm gonna take a little sliver now
and see if it is as good I'll tell you
what that is very close that is very
close there is the most expensive piece
of buffalo mozzarella I think I've ever
bought oh my god that is very very close
to the buff elite oh I am very excited
about that fact
let's go yard all right let's give some
nice basil leaves out of my amazing
basil plant oh nice nice here we have
the finished piece basil mozzarella and
tomatoes Mediterranean mixture it
matters on focaccia with olive oil and
mixed herbs that I got from Pasquale so
uh let's throw this in the oven and
let's see how it works out
and it is done now this is my little
trick for getting two spatulas so I can
pick it up and sort of move it over here
and place it down nice and I'm gonna
chop it up peak - coming in here taste
them you can be my taster mmm
my tester taster I have no idea what's
gonna taste like do it it's good attack
my dogs you can see that there's quite a
lot of dogs and you okay here we go
what do you think is it better
hmm yeah
add olive oil and spices and stuff mmm
really good
yeah awesome I'm the baby yeah boss yay
I did it the puppies got nice the
puppies got ice and they're going crazy
hope he's got ice very good
is she yeah did this look at me they
figure that thank you like pulling on it
scheisse scheisse is your ice cube it's
so cute no yeah I'm all right here whoa
whoa whoa well well um we see it all
done Xena's gone around biting him I'm
breaking them up for them
Oh
what's our Albie busy you drinking the
dinner dinner bad look at him sitting in
there I'm ready for my I'm ready for my
dinner
please bring forth my do you want that
oh oh I know yeah thank you very much
goodbye hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because they are
whipping ah
