what a beautiful come on come on come on
man
I wanna put on clothes I don't wanna put
on shoes but there I have to maybe go to
peel boxes you haven't been here like
two weeks did you send me anything okay
don't have me go there if nothing I
think I'm so mad company out for them
they saw on my vlogs we were a while ago
where I was like messing with my hair
like showing you guys the process of how
my hair goes but it's like specialist
male grooming supplies company gotta
come in here like what you want me to
send she's like products like yeah that
is the exact voice that I used to
explain that to them so am I'm kind of
excited to check check that out Oh
and then her medias came out the day we
left so I was like really sad I've
convinced Nina's even though I think
she's bringing a pillow and a magazine
so she can have a snooze that I read
it's not for girls maybe it is for girls
I don't know are you a girl did you
enjoy it oh man I'm so excited
Ridley Scott alien space sci-fi movie I
mean a romantic comedy I did it I'm not
happy about it but I put on jeans socks
runners get your fur coat on ninis
scarfs let t-shirts layers what are we
in the Arctic or something
come along Nina mom let's go we filmed
that stylers video I like to make it
once because I don't have to be in them
I just thought that I can sit there in
my big lazy pants are like cool why
or not dude they're just boring I think
every time I fell in line even like I'm
obviously watching the felony stuff but
you do pick up stuff like have you do
things and that one you need a new Naked
palette yeah I know a chunk of eyeshadow
like fell unto me I was like hey who's
like all the others are brand new and
one show Josie's color can you buy
though one thing yeah but they're
expensive enough on their own so it's
like that one that's the one it's called
yeah that one that one and that one
under acid even touch like they should
sell them separately they should sell
replacement little things that you can
stop back in but they know that probably
have a new palette it was really
expensive I think it's like
I don't know okay I don't want to say a
number but it's really expensive and you
can fill it yourself like you picked the
shadows that's cool yeah but it take
what is it be glad you have to buy like
10 colors or something but it is super
expensive because I saw another blog did
a review on it was like oh cool and then
I was like so it was something like 70
or 60 euros same thing I was like follow
me everyone likes this video and then we
could buy it go ahead get out here whoa
let me show you guys these things like
then that's so cute you know so cute in
a little doll and a little Barbie my
clothes are somewhere in here huh I love
this one there's a little big a me once
but I love this one look oh I picked
that one out in Sorrento I don't know
I'm just I'm just fond it does it fit me
what's it look like on me it's a look
good at me this Oliver I'm kind see
wrong
go go go go go go go
no no no no no changing wise oh my god
what's wrong with her
hey come on come on everyone come on
Abby I know I'm so sorry but you're
gonna end up peeing all over the house
if you don't okay I'm cqd with money
what okay crap puppies everywhere cannot
wait it's fine
go go go go good boy good boy go peepees
go bb's run run run run run come on what
what not just pops in come on come on
come on come on come on come on no Cena
don't do that don't do that go peepees
how he knows it I'll be spoon cookies
he's coming back he's gone Mike he's a
champion oh man he's just shaking it off
that was just standing there
CNET Go Go Go Go Go do it do it do it do
it come on just do it
he's go peepees oh god it's so horrible
rainy
oh goodness this is not what I came home
for it to be fully : everything
would you buy some like fire logs
sleeping bag installation tape nothing
insulation tape insulate it just
insulates the conductivity of
electricity what it should be
professor Joe fee you should call me the
information that I party you guys you're
on you're driving inside a huge big
truck and then spraying the water at you
and you feel like I feel that just walk
around in Ireland
is that goop
placard what's that their needs make you
work and it work okay let's try this
again
today
premedia from 2d to say 2d 2d yeah
two arrows although technically trophies
of child 1440 Oh little pre-movie munch
we're gonna invest in things he's gonna
like the standard that's menu standard
thing there hope that one there
you're my homie Israeli check it
yeah they normally they do put the
bagels but didn't cut my chicken huh
what if I ask them say hi can I get the
chicken
what do you say so I kind of took
everything off it that's not what I
wanted
it's not what I want at all so you got
like a thought you gave her hair like
it's one of these every time I touch it
can you see that the bad buddies to have
when I'm chasey pre Prometheus meal
you can be on the blog too
as the boys side is that it was just a
way better side anyway doing seriously
nobody here it's just like what like
there's that you know when it's about
pop Clark the only person of its dad oh
we get good seats guys five really over
five like she's my few cuz I there's no
one to give my tickets to even like you
know alright number five oh there it is
there
okay so so I'm going to get seats and
then go peepees okay should be good
seats now I'm so excited
zena's don't don't media's it's so funny
like anybody in here nope no no no
bigger spot own private screening that's
what it seems like
alright assume saying just depend on for
their night that but the edge will no
sorry I can't lead directly in the
middle or maybe we'll go down a bit like
here you know oh my goodness it is
relentless this crazy weather is
relentless it's like oh my goodness is
June June holidays June summer oh no not
this year lads sorry sorry
leaving at June summer this year so for
me this was awesome I love what we did
at the end of it if you guys have
actually seen it and you've seen all the
Wrigley stuff you can see doing you
brought it all together I thought that
was really cool I want to tell you I'm
talking about in case you haven't seen I
don't know put a spoiler or anything for
you but I'm there's a really good you
know nicely done
clusters also definitely room for a
follow on definitely room for a follow
on but yeah it was definitely exactly
what I wanted
thank you Ridley it really Scott happens
to like my blog thanks cheers for not
appreciate
that another one would be pretty awesome
or if somebody wants to make it under
star gay movie that would be also pretty
awesome Oh God look at this okay those
guys in River City Sandra oh it's a so
oh my goodness
trying to splash anyone I'm trying not
to splash you people what I would advise
you to stand back all right
stand back okay he still has his lights
on yeah okay driving alone is like that
it's like be very cautious of me haha be
cautious of me
we just got something from the PRT B
it's the case with you know with the
previous property that we were in that
we have a dispute which because they're
holding our deposit so they just sent I
think this is just like kind of a
receipt of everything that we submitted
because it is a paper case so okay don't
put them here
anyways so it's just like the pictures
and just receipt of that they got
everything and I guess then it'll
continue one that's that's pretty much
lost yeah I'm guessing it's a good thing
because there's no like yes or no yet
but we just got this letter from Stephie
yeah she signed off Stephie her
full name is Stephanie from Germany and
she sent us this really sweet letter I
won't read the whole thing out but it
was super sweet and thank you so much
Stephie because we love getting letters
there probably might be there like
comments but we doing wrong yeah really
long personal comments so thank you I
don't know if you guys know Trisha hey
Trisha Paytas yeah thanks open from
YouTube she's like a really big youtuber
her username is like blonde Sun doll and
J is like the prettiest username but
she's really like popular on YouTube and
um I love her channel and I love her and
she makes these bracelets on her Etsy I
think and I
I won't probably put the link with
Jonathan replace these videos but I'm
late for you in this video but I'll I'll
do
do a video on it or else will be on my
blog or something but she said we want
to curve he sparkly bracelets if I post
a link to it on my Twitter so I was like
I really really want one of these and I
was going to buy it and then she
actually told me she contacted me she
was like I don't think he was like a
gift and it was so sweet of her because
I was like on the brink of buying one of
these like I really loved them and this
is what it looks like it's pink and
spark I haven't even taken out of its
wrapper and it came in a pink envelope
was so cute but I actually saw these on
our flight didn't I tell you no you
didn't yeah it was in a flight the Aer
Lingus like brochure or like site
shopping or whatever they call it and
they were like total copies of these
they weren't paint though and I had the
same like this is totally same idea so
Tricia if you're watching this early
just make me coffee do but I cannot wait
to wear this but it's so cute I love it
so thank you so much tarisha biggest fan
ever I love the job yeah I drove is an
Amelia scene up puppies this comes from
Hannah James in Canada
oh my god I love that's so cute what's
the back side I love AVI and Cena love
over your friends in Canada all it's a
letter Ciccone Jovi the Joanie's Ciccone
Joey's for the win I think that supposed
to be you Jonathan
yes doofus thanks for using the music
just for me haha it's just for you no
one else rest in peace mini ciccone
Jolie I mean he a Saucony Joey oh my god
Hardman ignore the haters they're just
confused admirers oh that was really
cute thank you thanks a bunch one team
in a cupcake package
so judges cupcake City currently open
and it's from polar from the UK and she
sent something for Amelia it's so cute
it's a little velour hoodie from H&M age
- is it 2 to 4 months I think yeah so
she can wear it in the winter time that
is so adorable it's got a little hood
and then this is the bottoms so it's got
like new in town on it and it's just
like it's like a little little lever no
tracksuit it's really cute so thank you
still like to Paul on that was pretty
sweet of you we really appreciate it
amelia is gonna be so stylish so I just
put on my bracelet from Trisha anyway
yeah Barbie now it's so adorable can you
see I don't know if it will focus
properly and your time and the leather
flying all the colors really complement
each other yeah ok it's not focusing but
and it's so easy oh sorry
it's so easy to adjust like you know you
can have it tighter or looser if you
want to so I'm definitely gonna put this
on my blog my channel and she was so
sweet as well she was like you don't
have to do that like I just want to send
you one because like
I really like your channel and it was I
know well I want you because I love it
and I was so tempted to get the one on
Aer Lingus but I would have except that
I knew that I was getting this one so
hey don't you can make sure that
actually doing stuff look they're
running around they're running around
and someone make sure to actually go
peepees maybe he left them back in I was
just sitting here starting at the style
diet video and I just flicked on
Facebook for a second and I read this
and a minute from news like name said do
you realize today two years ago you burp
your first ever vlog I was I gone what
are you for you
and then I checked out and it turned out
that it was um today so like with just
tomorrow it was actually kind of
yesterday I suppose but this is
tomorrow's vlog either way
um I am unprepared I didn't do anything
I have nothing organized because I know
I went to see Prometheus it rains like
crazy you know what else was funny the
first data we actually start vlogging
was a super sunny day and I remember
every day for the first like 50 or 100
days on a blog you'll see that it was
like so super hot and sunny day it's
like a rainstorm you can chart
ecological regression of environmental
changes to our aren't vlogs are
scientific these days when the world is
gone and the aliens come or the next
generation of race they'll watch these
blogs in their blood so this is humanity
humanity's quite stupid but um my
goodness so two years long which means a
year ago today I left that studio
because I suppose this year ago sick man
talking about more like a lot em when
all that stuff in the press happened
some of you guys might have been there
last year you know the studio kind of
had a conversation they were like look
you know you can continue on with us or
but you're gonna have to
like you know maybe knock that in the
head or kind of slow it down or some of
that or you can you know go ahead on
your own and take that risk you know
whenever were just thinking like you
know what do I do you know and to be in
to be an entrepreneur in life its
definition is to take risk you know and
if you want to do something that people
want to know don't like I'm not saying
that go do something crazy you know but
something that's at you know a risk a
calculated risk something that you know
that may pay off and if it doesn't pay
off there's a lot of backup in place and
stuff but that was a year ago I decided
to follow the yellow brick road and look
where it's led us like even even what we
did yesterday to have like a documentary
crew here like a film crew filming us
like and have like one of Ireland's top
reporters here like do talking away
those them everything that was don't
look at you guys like following us
around and it's just it's so crazy to
think what we've done in the last two
years and it goes so slow at some times
and there's been times just being hard
and it's emotional and you know you guys
have said like we've read some like
reading million things and we've read
some really nice things and you know
what the dogs like you know we started
this week we just had Halloween and we
were living together and then we had two
dogs and then we got engaged women a
proposal guys oh my god and remember the
wedding and then coming home and then
the scene of getting pregnant and then
we were pregnant and now Amelia's coming
and oh my goodness
it's been a crazy two years could you
imagine what the next two years to bring
did you imagine just I can't I can't
even imagine where we'll be in the next
two years it's gonna be incredible you
guys totally tuned in you guys should
totally subscribe and you make sure to
like today's video I want to see five
well what's five five month like a
thousand likes or something like that so
ninja like that I don't know why I'll do
something oh I'll give you I will give
you my car Kyra
I'm not gonna give my god but I don't
know just if you like us if you liked
our show you know just keep on watching
and I hope I hope we continue to
entertain you guys and don't ever send
us things to the pol box and don't ever
do anything for us all I ever want you
guys to do is to be entertained and if
you're entertained just to watch the
vlogs that's it that's the only thing I
ever ask you guys is just watch the
blogs have fun and be awesome
forever we didn't prompt you everyone
are you calling me hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Joley
- don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
