oh can I scare you all in white are made
of maize oh this is my no makeup face I
know it's pretty scary anyways so I
wanted to do something really nice for
Delphis cuz last night he made the
homemade pizza and it turned out so good
it was really really good and um I know
that he said he was really gonna miss
his Italian breakfast and what we had
for breakfast every morning was a fruit
salad
he had juice I don't have juice coffee
and also the thing oh he had like feta
biscuit Tata which are like the metal
toast like ready toasted I don't really
know how to put their popular and like
Italy and France and stuff but um
they're like little toasts that's are
there with cheese which I don't have
either but it's the fruit salad that he
was really raving about so I'm going to
attempt to make the fruit side because
we have some fruit here and also in the
fridge I think that's what I'm going to
do for him and I hope he likes it he has
no idea that I'm doing this so Oh show
you guys how it turns out and there we
have it guys okay so I'm pretty proud of
myself because this is a fruit salad
it's my part I just put strawberries
bananas and cinnamon in that's job is
fruits up and I got it actually really
looks like the one that was out in her
hotel it's got bananas strawberries
melon um what else
grapes is that it that's it the only
thing I'm missing with key week and then
I gave him some Velveeta um biscuits as
well if he wants them I'm not sure if
you want on coffees and then I'm trying
to drink more water like always and
never gonna call the pups in what are
you guys up to
oh you're pooping oh nice hi guys no no
hello honey Cena doing poo poos okay
that's gross
show everybody that okay come on guys
don't come in in in in in England come
on come on
no that's the wrong ways Dumbo's look
anything come on in in a teal teal this
could take a while
order up javis
don't let your coffee get cold
yeah thanks Mimi's like it yeah thank so
much Chinese cut your gun camera here we
act it is the best though you don't know
so is this what happened to all my
plants get in there come on go on
that's not drinking that's not for
drinking guys cuz I need that because I
want to plant the air look you can see
on seats you can do the surface I want
to plant all the stuff that we got in
Sorrento the basil the pomodoro and
stuff but I am this needs to be taken
care of
um if you want anything you're gonna
need to know but you can have it just
don't bring it in there because you
might lose it okay Smurf your talent
it's called a poufy poufy okay
I'll give you until the time it takes me
to plug this in guys but then we're
getting serious quite happy as these
days puppies always playing him he
doesn't get a bit that's tio ste always
wants to be friends Robbie
Chuck Oh best friend's girl - girl right
in sight
these two are brave
just ran around if I get a house know
where she's done Alby well we're in a
while now that's much better
it's so sunny isn't it like a little Sun
drop here yeah it's awesome
carry on we're like the clothes he's
changing siege over to Sorrento shirt
today much prefer it like this yeah it's
the at clubhouse is under there it's
what they all hang out right can you
give this to wash it you start to
process all over again
come on get some fun June we got these
guys in Sorrento look here's the mr.
seeds anyway peso rucola Pomodoro oh
yeah Jeremy box is just drying out there
and I don't didn't you guys remember us
getting these but I totally forgot oh
just a minute ago when I was looking for
the seeds okay they packed it pretty
well
Cena chew on the right side do you want
to go ahead oops can't crack wait you
okay because I'm trying to keep the
place I don't want them going out all
the time every day
oh you have to kind of supervise them
when I'm kind of busy
okay so this is what it looks like I'm
gonna put them here for a moment
let it go look nice how awesome is that
Ciccone Julie isn't that so cool
eventually I get a house like buy a
house so we can actually will actually
put this over plan we can put this at
the front of the house isn't that so
cool though isn't it check on each other
but they're all individual just you know
these were like 30 euros each so yeah I
see you're making a name what was like
oh my god these are like where are they
like handmade in Sorrento so mine I made
tiles they're really nice but am i sir
Captain America's like how much you need
I was like Oh God
what couldn't you just be called like I
don't know who Shea or something
something simple like that you know let
me have a clean notes are kind of dusty
a little bit oops
okay with dusty fuck okay now that is so
awesome
now I know the last time I got them and
yes they all died because I left them
but this time it's going to be different
it's going to be much better because
he's officially he's not original who
collab pomodoro so come on let's go
let's get outside so alright now where
is it we should control I need it
no I think I'll just use these let's get
this close because I talked to puppy
down there then I do okay so we've got
two pots now I'm like oh my god how am I
supposed to put the water in here cuz it
are holes well let me establish the
holes are important I'm going to use a
spoon don't tell on the music right I'm
gonna dump the stuff in here vacuum once
act don't go right there don't do it
don't do it go boy good choice enjoy see
you made a good choice it's my son he's
gonna make her choices so we have dumped
all the clay in here just gonna wash it
around on my let's mush it all in there
alright and we should be going first you
see I already have the basil plant over
here which actually has grown pretty
darn good so maybe I want the middle
rucola because Rockets really expensive
this way I can find my own rocket and
possibly one day have my own Tesco in
the garden okay let me plant these right
you're actually always feel like um
hello I just bought this whole thing and
I get like one in ooh when does it grow
oops I torrent the piece off that says
when a little girl okay I was like oh
god oh god
okay so it's going to grow sometime in
the near future we'll have some rocket
let me go out of a rocket just got a
little mental I'm just gonna have a
rocket meant rocket time plop it all in
geez
it's completely different to the air
theater ones that'll do peace alright
see that you see that it's gonna grow
massive gonna be amazing right okay I'm
gonna do this okay
we've reached that point again ready to
use two hands classic there we have it
nice it's bit of moola
a lot that's rocky by the way that I
take your oath racket that's right even
right same thing we all know rocket
alright and then we need to put the lid
thing I think I'll put some water in a
first Oh will I be lazy job is gonna be
lazy probably it's a oh crap zinc
where's the other thing on crap puppies
did you steal my my water thing just
kids steal everything onion okay
in hindsight I probably should have
bought a smaller umm thingy
all right let's pit a lot over this work
it real good okay that's probably too
much there we go essentially that it's
going to turn into rocket now I know
you're thinking that probably won't
dopey but last time didn't we make it
the step the dogs ate it so this time if
the dogs do not eat it it's gonna be
amazing
oh is it cheese for everyone oh my
goodness put this down
oh there's Alby did you see Cena yeah
okay Chloe oh my goodness guys but I
Phase II last year right so I don't like
talking about things honest I can
actually show you but we weren't
actually able to show you but um she
said she's gonna tweet us later yeah the
pictures so in Ireland when you
Omaima Callahan and we just had a
documentary crew here
Miriam's in the documentary in Ireland
they wanted to feature us our daily blog
show in it so they were filament ears
when I was filming this part which are
we leaving the vlogs and I don't know if
you can see in the background I tried to
avoid them because they didn't want to
be in a shot for the authenticity or
whatever
so there's only there in the shop
there's a cat or the film group or film
crew standing you're throwing me me I
never heard for hours doing we did a big
interview as far as you know it's 26 of
October it's gonna go out on the orti
player alright sorry uh norty so it's
gonna be awesome isn't it
yeah oh so much fun we kept that under
quite up you don't tell you guys about
it for until it actually happened it's
up and in this morning there were like
oh look for licensing and stuff like
this like we is what we better you know
maybe we not be in it and I was like
alright okay no problem but he said you
can talk about it some of that and I'm
like oh cool in May I was like oh I'll
take you guys and cuz she was taking all
the pictures of dogs I think they wanted
to steal a dog but an that was crazy fun
I'm so tired
fight for the yoghurt but I'm pretty he
hooker he's gonna win he's gonna he's
gonna leave huh I need us all tuckered
out
oh my god they're all mental
they're all mental it's good oh oh my
goodness what he's making all the noise
who's making up oh let's get a touch
everybody oh my gosh oh my hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
hahaha
