it's the final warning you know in about
six hours that's gonna happen
puppy patrol you guys are gonna see the
doggies Doo except it'll be 24 so we
turn in 30 hours he couldn't see two
dogs I'm so excited to see them all but
I'm white I just write me now I have to
let me yesterday but I didn't actually
get it until now is just checking my
voicemail
look I know blue canary ring once a
moment abroad they just you either get
like a different thing so I went through
the am the HTC the menu system was like
oh yeah and I rang him my aunt passed
away yesterday
that's really sad well my sorry no my
aunt okay that sounds like my head isn't
it we call it grandad Granlund yeah my
grandmother his sister but am I just
really sad like she lives in New York we
always called her Auntie Nancy who are
your kids like what's really sad when a
whole a whole generation you know that's
like all our grandparents and our
grandparents sisters and brothers and
everything an entire generation it's
just gone you know and it's really like
oh summer when she was over at my
grandmother's funeral and her
grandfather's gone and her husband was
gone you know and she was just kind of
like it was really sad you know I was
kind of like I'm glad I didn't get the
text message yesterday or didn't find it
yesterday but I feel really like sad now
I know yeah I know I know I think she
was like 90 years up my ass that's
pretty good it's just it's just checking
the weather forecast for Ireland what is
this I know Erica
this is us leaving Naples now take a
jacket ash which I haven't seen in over
a week
it'll be cold when we arrive even though
my my arms you should have laid out
which is out of big furniture she liked
kissing me and hugs the damage like
would you be jealous on Italian like
that I told me later would you be
jealous if I kissed him she was so
excited because she was inside the
church so you know it's her daughter
like and if he never saw her you know
beside video they're getting out of the
car
you know I'm really excited happening so
I was like if not happy somebody's like
today was a good day
this is pretty similar to the
Jacqueline's tunnel will be in next
later on today we'll be driving to
Jackie Jackie Lynch by just kind of like
it the Italian version of Jacqueline
solid job
that citizen
I miss you already
at the airport it says on the thing
Arlis 10 degrees snore total snore fest
that isn't much me yeah look at look at
the queue of unhappy people that's oh no
wait a second I'm just dropping the
Thalia back not crap there's a little
kid he's going on inside of this bags
there we go we got your hair okay so
this girl comes over to Anna she's
walking over there a clipboard what you
think after Spencer are these crowds of
people in the arrivals no aberrancy time
for our screen
a private runway and everything so this
girl comes over and she's like she's a
clip word obviously doing a survey or
something she's like do you speak
English oh yeah I was like no sure
English is like German news cuz
obviously the answer will be toast but
yet you're understanding everything
don't you answer her I was waiting for
the bathroom
that's why do the same thing to you when
you came in oh my G you were like I know
oh no laughing away
jovial air is there are some thing ISM
we checked in actually I was like oh
yeah my wife's like seven weeks pregnant
anyway we get a civilization stuff I
actually gave us two seats up the front
of the plane so you're pregnant never
hurts cuz remember I'm on the way over
you the claustrophobia was a bit crazy
don't need that bad side is that we have
to sit like you know the street seats
interested so like Anna's in D our urine
see and I'm empty you know so we're in
episodes the I pour like breakfast ideas
here but we get stuff in the front so no
harm to ask
of the front
yeah just waiting for our bikes them
just looking at what they had the dogs
they punished that's the key
yeah it's getting colder the further
away I think the thing that connect
anything actually had its heating on it
didn't feel as cold
I am climatized for the wrong climate so
excited to see the doggies at you my tax
you're not it's like get up at four
inches like a cool so it's now 25 three
collect the car for that damn I'm in the
media mmm-hmm she's so much bigger
oh my god you can actually see it those
no I can barely barely Oh gonna keep
sketchy advice
I feel getting miss you
okay
oh is that it then yes Ireland you're
welcome
we obviously brought the Sun back with
us in Toronto because all I've been
hearing is how it's being horribly cold
and rainy all right and so this is Sun
this is nice
can I squeeze on the legs before my
husband GaN guys his boy here I found
one of my bestest friends yay activate
best friend I haven't seen you in so
long friend how is she in there and I
left that lunchbox is it moldy has it
grown into a tree okay let's get our
stuff in oh here we go away and you park
your car Pia you miss your car bloody
hell I missed you
I take for everyone
oh my god a car go all the way that car
can go faster I totally forgot about
driving wonder if I were to drive like
an Italian for a day he's like you know
just like beep all day long just like
random they don't they don't know obey
traffic lights just you just risk it you
just drive through oh my god you guys so
excited you guys miss them oh my god
this is so much cuz you guys everything
while we all saw that your pets best
friend pictures and video and stuff boys
there's two videos but none of us
actually got to see the probably gonna
be CEO so big won't they oh my god they
grew up without us ten weeks now oh my
goodness
you're like massive now probably gonna
need a forklift to bring you home
oh he is Allah me here Toby there's
these huge puppies now
No
I've been seen her in the car
do you work here G of - oh yeah that's
boredom here this is the your pets best
friend place you ever want to go this is
what they have isn't so cool it's so
huge this is why we dropped Americans
look at this place is massive oh come on
have you seen oh wait never sorry it
still goes on there's no sign I look at
the little pug
did you make that I did you see not the
wound how'd you make it sparkly it's not
Mama's gift so it is twenty past five
and it's perfect there's no way I'm
making it back to upload it so I dropped
off my mom see if I can upload this to
get it on time twenty bucks five
I missed the charging opportunity which
was like edit on What's Wrong me I do it
the night before
oh goodness 25 past five did I make it
better make it yesterday you guys
already know I don't know you guys can
tell the future look using grandma's
house look using grandma's house is
their first time meeting grandma I'd see
ya it's okay that the great pan here is
we just what you want for her homegoing
quality streets it's the best quality
check it out what did I do it was like
what was like what was that I was three
minutes late three minutes late but I
got it I got it oh my goodness
three minutes Nene's well and then
tomorrow all back to normal
few Z's now to eat all of my mother's
quality streets hilarious hey Bobby see
you know steak
Oh sucky sucky Oh bridge for haven't
factored we're halfway home guys halfway
home oh can you push it down on your arm
help me help you means mommy
oh geez oh geez
right after balance now this looks very
different today but in Sorrento okay
even chocolate at least is sunny in
Dublin what's this here now uh-huh
what's going on monster huh what you
been up to
um it's gonna rain the cork is no we
arrived to court it's going to be
raining it's gonna break my heart if it
rains I'm just gonna turn around and
come back
I missed wearing my sunnies it's one of
my tricks don't when you go to sudden so
my head at Sunday holiday with the
Sunny's is that I never met her
sunglasses with me because I knew I
wouldn't be driving and I wore my
sunglasses in sorrento at all i would
end up with tan lines you know around my
age right i have like these big white
areas here and i'd be tan all around it
so i was like i never used so I'm gonna
wait somewhere hot I won't bring my
sunglasses or I'll bring my sunglasses
but I'll never wear them so I got a fun
time a full channel on my face and then
when I come home I'm not gonna get any
Sun at home anyway so it's not going to
be enough to turn my face
again it's just one of joe constricts do
anything you guys do have to did I or
did I
when I get to court it best not rain
while I'm in court and it's raining
I wait to be very unhappy okay makes me
very happy guys
who's in sure I want to speak to your
supervisor oh I'm sorry but if that
wasn't enough why don't you just go
ahead and put a torrential storm down
upon me oh my goodness
torrential storm Nene's what hell is
this
I can even barely see that car in front
light
oh my god why did I come out somebody
get that please explain to me oh my
goodness this is crazy see we are in
come to co-op sushi Oh God
hello God Ciccone Jolie's are back did
you miss us
did you miss us leave comments below of
how much you missed us and we may never
leave again or you might and look the
rain has stopped and everything so you
guys remember this morning I like to
read it's gonna ruin it it's got a
runner so I'm late to green the lights
of greens you guys remember this morning
in Naples we went through a tunnel well
here we go again we started to block
going through a tunnel
at the end the block going through a
tunnel you guys ready
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joely and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
