stay true or buddy come and I'm going to
get just so I have got this just I want
to wear because is really split kid and
that one is a polka-dotted one that
might that may be and then I went to one
day funny years cuz they might do you
wear leggings and then we're gonna find
a I went to make it out ask after sale
let me show you know Edward Iowa oh did
the panniers last no Eduardo so that is
and now we are going to buy my top so
this is the top I want to wear since it
is what I why you know so we are going
to get top down and then I'll show you
after one here is my outfit and it is
really cool
so that was my house is a really nice
one because and it was for ballet and I
had to pick a really nice one always I
will not like it and they won't let me
do the show tomorrow cause I'm gonna
shake
good morning again my little friend
please friend hello little friend Leah's
friend do you want to get out of bed me
me huh what do you think you can get an
idea no friend Mia's friend hmm
what do you think don't get up
hmm did you have a nice little snooze
snooze number one in the bag huh hello
you're right confused when they wake up
my little friendly it's been you know a
little friendly is friend the newest
addition to the crew friendliest friend
crew hate you guys noticed in the book I
decided to Oh London man I decided to
make it last year I that like one years
old you know rather than having her just
like a little like baby baby we gave her
like long hair and made her like a 1
year old because I figured like the book
of you how by the time well you'll have
the book oh in like six weeks mmm you
guys get the book in like six weeks but
anyway I figured I just thought is more
interesting to have her like crawling
and so for that you know rather than
just draw a little squiggly baby just a
squeegee baby just to squeeze you baby
cuz she's just a squidgy baby anyway
Anna has that Anna drove Anna brought
immediate about it today so I'm on baby
duty we also have my little friend here
this little fella here hello little
fella hmm classic parenting with the pad
I call it iPad parenting it's very it's
all the rage these days
oh are you standing on my macbook I did
remember when Amelia brought my curtains
off the iPad after PE Apple pad book
thing get in here
family look at look at the camera look
at the camera thing cheese this waiter
here it's all the rage it's all the rage
alright come on let's go jump down here
jump down get off the MacBook jumping
here Jarrod weird videos it's done
sweating at Amelia's who's coming oh the
basement there's another house
underneath our house hi welcome welcome
welcome to my home
oh yes start its p.m. suit like a head
start oh hi it's open the doors okay
like MTV Cribs not gonna ignore this
yeah
this is my hallway entryway mm-hmm
mm-hmm filled with props for obvious
friends this is the friendly san pio pio
box stuff a tripod lamp the tripod life
who remembers that from back in the day
that's old school
oh gee it's the conjoining viewers room
um some boxes where we tried to keep
things organized but failed that buddy
costumes is a prop department
christmas department yeah we mean any
cover department look at this thing
need to build that yeah i'm not until he
moved in no meanie I came down here
yesterday and she was like who's the
trolls 24 I was like mmm
she's an Erica yeah but there's loads of
stuff in there our whole birthday
present in like that's not allowed in
here this is all like behind the scenes
only as friends
novena San Francisco and basement yep
you've none at all
look she's looking at me would you say
that thank you Oh another carrier has
little things she brought back from
ballet yesterday yeah and she was like
you can't see yeah yeah she wanted to
hide in amazing he looked at it like I
shouldn't have looked at it but I looked
at it because she left it like near her
birthday presents and I was like oh my
god has she seen everything now and I'm
trying to reenact and we hide in here oh
you know it's like in the car she was
like I should hide her from me I'll put
it in the basin for mommy
but she was like it's a picture of all
of us but I don't want you to know what
color pens I used I was like okay I know
she was so excited like when I was
bringing her in look I had ordered this
so Alessia would be in the banana video
but I only came like way too late so
we're not sometimes when I spoke to
Ariel se in another costume all right
yeah do the banana dance
let's do that again everybody follow me
but she's getting home the great moment
say me that okay okay we are I'm just
bringing a meet Erica and Eduardo to the
cinema oh you have that piece of paper
it's Erica's first everyman experience
like every month Cinemax right it's
gonna be cool and why do I think your
site is yeah that site I was explaining
to Erica how you can like order pizza
and it's really cool
you can have chocolate and what else
you're gonna have popcorn and maybe a
drink yeah we thought it we thought it
would be fun to do right off the
collective Melia from bollocks yet
another fun day today as almost feels
like you mean goes back in school like a
drop rain in the morning and they
collect her and oddly enough to cam that
we collected now is the time that she's
gonna be in in school cause like now
receptions like both our little girl is
all growing up
alright meaning it's back to ballet and
something very exciting has arrived
are you ready yeah you ready come in
here with me well good in stairs first
then close your eyes yeah basement and
then this morning she went down oh oh
you're coming too Oh what now there's
something inside this box
what okay whoa fresh la okay no careful
all right okay oh now I'm gonna show you
a little sneak peek what's in there
what is that don't take it out just have
a little sneak peek what is that what
huh I know we're gonna bring it upstairs
first but how cool is this
and the doggies are down here who's that
no we're gonna bring it upstairs first
because we're gonna film something fun
and there's all the donkeys there how
cool is all this guys more princess this
is that these are all gonna be on the
tour with us these are gonna be all of
us that we're gonna ham and also we're
gonna make some fun videos with them but
today I taught would be fun to start the
vlog with a little sort of little little
fun thing we're all like walking around
being the little characters from the
book they're so cool though the media
duardo careful careful careful
let me let's let that Daddy do it okay
no no no no no no no in case you break
it lets daddy do it okay yeah but
they're actually to scale well Alvie is
definitely not to scale
one less use with daddy but look it
should be to scale here's me and we make
Disney you my friend pinky oh look at my
my thing on my phone yes it's so cool
what it's actually a couple of days
later I mean it's just back from her
ballet show which I did fill them on my
phone so hopefully we'll be up it'll be
up soon was it good you're wearing tap
shoes and look who has arrived
oh the views are gonna skyrocket now
markets in the videos and it's here -
all the toys I got mini Saucony star in
this room
skinny let me just step outside here
Margot read my book as well she's got a
did you get your tickets did you was it
as you as you as an owner of the Freud
collection of books would you say the
great catnap is up there hmm oppos'd
obviously you whatever you do you think
the English Nagi's
hmm well I just I didn't want to end the
video the way this show children video
be sure you know reason man I'm supposed
to film videos day without a stain I
don't know wardo or what are you doing
what are you doing doing nuts nothing
yeah I was supposed to shake me and
shoot today right and then she was
breastfeeding so I just went ahead and
did over at her and she came in
afterwards ready to go I was like oh
it's done it's over
release your clothes from the ballet
recital Hey look here in this video now
like she's not being wasted
yeah exactly I wasn't wasted all right
Oh what's gonna in here oh oh hey who's
the teacher but you're the teacher
oh okay goodbye friends see you tomorrow
