oh did you jump Bianca did you jump down
the stairs huh did you choke to
understand oh I'm gonna miss you guys so
much we got to go over to Alma's house
now um where are you going with this is
that your new thing one of the puppies
has that pudding thing the dogs got it
for Christmas you're protecting one of
the Mamas Kyler's to collect her luggage
and then they're gonna pedal off to
Dublin on the train
we're gonna meet them in a hotel tonight
as the output bring Argentina know why
not because we're bringing our luggage
back oh my god it is quick smart s smart
isn't that a shop in the US for the love
of luggage collection people you know
tomorrow we're in the Turk I'm Esther
seven months pregnant tomorrow
oh no no say it's in here somewhere
seven months oh my goodness
all right flop you must be in here you
must be in here please be in here don't
because if I buy new ones right it won't
be like born in you know these ones are
all warning some when I first bought
them to surrender they were all stiff I
got it crisis averted I'll get our
reward Oh God I thought I was gonna open
breakfast this is called a traveling
breakfast oh my god look at it you have
to look at crew oh my god it'll
creamiest it's got little sparkles on it
oh my goodness that is exactly the kind
of thing you want on a big long drive
what No
what damn oh wait oh they get all your
little pees and poos out looking a
subtle escapist this little escape
artists um I think I prefer every didn't
go ahead there I'll be all saved me
lunch
yes inquisitors huh let's go let's go
come on come on come on
almost done I got clean my room is whoo
nice first thing to do
alright well like the last to do before
you go is always clean up so when you
come home cuz you're gonna be you're
gonna we're gonna have post holiday
depression when we get home cuz it will
probably rain
mmm it's nice to go somewhere nice and
clean and all the first thing I do when
I get home is I'm going to have to add
an episode for the blogs it's like the
first thing I have to do that day so I
want to do this and clean for me yeah
and then finally planet this week so
sorrento vlog sorrento vlogs rental
blogs rental blogs rental blog Naples
blog Naples blog sorrento oh nice you
guys ready for a road trip huh
who are you taking I'll take kom Bianca
okay is there a kind of empty ones
the area is prepared and everything guys
taking this bed of all oh sorry yeah
okay opening event you briefing goes to
ash y'all smell like Gardens you guys
are going on an adventure adventure term
it's Nevaeh understand well we just sent
you a tunnel that was your first tunnel
oh my god Papi's first tunnel it's okay
no no no stay in your beds okay just
stay in your bed you have a nice cozy
setup their history off you oh here we
go big turn guys okay hit that's it
we're on the way guys next up probably
casual to get some lunch but to stop
after that is double which is 20 cents
it's your pets best friend
what a good girl in Korea
so good she went back to her puppies to
look after them you looking for food
you're not going to get any
don't mom
see she's looking for food you don't
have to stake there you were just being
nice come on up - mom - mommy Xena
now get over it Bosley I got tired you
know
yeah we are halfway how's everyone doing
how's everyone doing back there she's
crazy if you and their peers decided to
take the lower bunk she's fast asleep
everything will be okay when we start
going again now right puppy's seeing his
back they're looking after him we just
had a nice Mikey munch we had some wraps
some tuna wraps thank you horrible there
he is
can you see that he's on his back but
this little late don't like
my jacket yet new plot and Nevaeh are up
here and then yank gap as always is with
her mommy
echoes beans
screaming and howling she's just such a
howler you know like some puppies are
really quiet like uvula and then some of
these are just so hopeful
because bianca is always the one like
you here puppy howling or like yapping
it's always Bianca I was never an outer
no he's always been playing hobbies by
scene I used to be speaker
yeah yeah you gotta say
see you now used to do this in like
quite a she's like but it's so funny
thing I thought they were all going to
be in that bad and I thought they were
puking and kissing and cooing everywhere
doing so good they have just they picked
their little spots in the back and they
all spread out you can tell that they're
not the kind of dogs that are kept in
like a small confined space they like me
they're spaced with each other so
they've been pretty good so far
it will continue like this
welcome to red cool whoo and you guys
live in rats my little sister and her
boyfriend have an apartment here so we
taught I've got some time to burn until
I'm dropping the dogs out there dog
minders so I was like why don't we just
cruise down to Leah's house but I'm
this'll ref cool looks like it's kind of
a small small little village I can't
even remember where I know she's in here
somewhere
when you live why do you live Leah Oh
why do you live Oh Oh leave me some
comments if you live here or in
Newcastle cuz we Newcastle min ago cuz I
took a wrong turn
oops and again yankin yeah only one is
upstairs yeah that's right what's up
girls
oh oh you trained them to pee yeah I
just do that down yeah yeah and it's so
cute funny steal them you just see you
wreck oh I gotta wipe them I'll take
them all yeah that's Nevaeh if she's
gotten up here good boy Oh Nona put you
down don't be bold he oh this is the boy
oh this young guy oh yeah yeah the only
point and then that's nuvvula
she's like the quiet one yeah yeah right
you're gonna get rid of any of these
yeah right yeah exactly I think it older
it's like well maybe we can make it work
oh he pees I know the OPP oh my god you
sell me can look at all the stuff we did
in the right pod oh yeah you guys want
to stay here for a week instead oh yeah
but they're a little Antonia I know well
super peaceful yeah everything else to
do yeah
God said her lazy ass well now I have a
venue oh yeah switch one d1 my game
which one do you want on this one hey
who's your paper one your favorite one
yo same onua
is that maybe oh man you're opens over
at the business is that what's going on
over there
see ya okay yeah look at this oh we're
gonna give us the Carlsberg i love with
your supercar yeah that's me this is the
Izone yeah Oh gonna go live with Lea
yeah and we're on our way to drop the
dogs off for no place to stay and that
rhymes yeah although it's not doggy day
care if it's stuck nightmare - oh yeah
what it's good doggy family home away
from home kind of thing cuz it's not
like a pound or something like that you
know
the doggy daycare itself when the last
night Joan we were just saying that last
time we went up here we were so worried
and nervous I was so nervous coming
under this road I was like which house
is it is that one yeah this one it was
like no it's the next lights the next
lights and I was like I was just so
nervous now I'm just like why was I even
Oh it'll be fine
leave mine I know I know Tom I'm not
like cup cover covering his ears but now
I'm like dead fine about this like I'm
like a school you know it all works fine
I know they're gonna have an awesome
time they're gonna go walk like a
billion times a day yeah I'm gonna get
walked more than we walked them so
they're gonna love it
exactly amazing garden yeah and they've
got the four puppies we'll keep him so
distracted as seen at Arnie worried
because I know I'm not worried but I
know Albie he's a he's a sensi I'll be
and me are senses so I do worry that
he'll be what he'll get over you know he
loved it yeah nigga I'll be at your food
for the week don't eat it on one go I
think I put some oh yeah I just put some
all right yeah three
yeah good Monty right here I left Monty
open your room because if you just
jumping out of oh you're saying the last
yeah I know Sinaloa smudging yeah yeah
no he be should be saying that we go we
need be able to speak anything about me
and like he just you couldn't have him
in here you just I think she remembers
like we said it Cena Chris Monte I think
they remember yeah yeah no Rapunzel
personally yeah yes yes MA
oh geez they don't eat raw geez it's
really hard to drive them up even though
you think you're gonna be fine
you're not gonna be fine it's just I'll
being seen on war so to pups you just
it's pretty okay isn't it
you don't seem as upset
to the airport welcome to Dublin Airport
oh look Clarion Hotel ya know Oh Carlton
oh okay that's Clarion
Ryze peels
Oh
we're let go but do you remember like my
monkey
that's a Dublin Airport looks like if
you are ever curious this is that cork
except it's a little bit bigger the tad
bit bigger
this is Lublin Airport ooh welcome to
Dublin Airport now we need to find a
hotel right here fan guys attendant it's
actually inside of Santry not so much
but it's a nice Loughran I really
thought it was our halogen along sunnier
and boy I guess this is it this is Nora
stay for a week uh-huh this is cool
because they're gonna take care of my
car as well for the week yep which is
kind of handy I'm starving now I'm so
after we had lunch I was like I'm so
stuff and I will never want food again
and I'm like I'm starving give me food
shortly give it yum yum look at we got
guys Tuesday
he's a nice pre pre travelling meal it's
Friday last time we're gonna have to
I know everyone get chips in Sorrento
you know probably not the kind of thing
I'm going to get with that for me might
get some more of this kind of stuff do a
lot more of this but it'll probably
taste quite different
rucola some Maduro come on go chop chop
chop chop
Darrow is obviously the cooler
thanks Porter what oh yeah I did say do
it which one is that they're both are
impossible
yeah we need to get to have a big fight
and one of the storms that hit it not in
go go-carting electricity slot and then
press the lights on
nice this is a grounder 1x2 hotel by the
airport yeah I said with you micros
turned on dad you know what they're
indeed our side hmm dear guests awesome
white boy
warmth of us
I've already gone
uh-huh wasting my jokes please to my
jokes
trophy jokes this is nice it's nice when
you go to hotel because it does feel
like the holidays already begun the hell
away from the kids
Oscar it's got to get away from the kids
sometimes Jess they drive you insane
yard
bingo Internet is connected the
Internet's now I can just keep an eye
woody what are you guys been saying
what's this what's this what's this all
about what have you guys been saying oh
my god someone's crying oh so Internet's
on which means guess what guys just
gonna feel full out tomorrow yes thank
you very much Lee Hotel internet person
it might take a hundred billion hours I
say dad I was like when we arrived in
Santo a 12 o'clock I'll be at the hotel
so it gives me six hours to get the vlog
up and I actually contacted to a place
we're staying in Sorrento and I was like
oh it's change that no like near like
God's it's a bit slow but it connects
and I was like oh that's gonna be fun
but I'm guys the holiday begins oh my
goodness are you guys excited are you
excited are you excited look on it--some
that's a look at the view hands look I
think the airport though is on I think
that's terrible overhead up zooming for
the airport mmm did you guys see it if
we get lucky you're playing my dick off
oh my god it's really cold out here they
all on lumic back at home look I look
there's one take it off look look look
look can you see it look look look that
green one there that's the plane we're
taking tomorrow
well okay I don't know that's the plane
but that's a Angus that's the carrier
we're taking oh my god is taking off
wouldn't it be so cool if that took off
right now I don't know if it's speeding
up or slowing down I can't quite tell
wait for it
no I think it landed that crap anyway
that wiped that light there I saw it the
light that we're taking this right up
tomorrow let's close it up
Oh - I'm so tired I'm gonna miss having
seen it so much though we're away but at
least I have my special keyboard the
digital internet and Entertainment
Television it's so weird looking and the
food mousse you know it you know it oh
my god something we have our alarm set
well we have a call person set for like
5 a.m.
oh god I'm not looking forward to that
petraea I'm looking forward to you know
when you land the plane in like a hot
country something like that with a plane
like the cockpit the whole thing that
inside the plane has been like
climatized - like where you took off
from so like Ireland and then like we
get off the plane or well I might
actually get up and go onto the runway
might be one of those ones we actually
go into the airport but if we going you
know when they open the doors you're
just like oh my god I'm in a hot country
some of you guys probably live in a hot
country so everything I said just like
the opposite of that are you guys
excited holiday starts tomorrow
don't forget the Chilean 6 a.m. or 6
p.m. hmm
see you then hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
Oh haha
