you know when you look at the window on
June 2nd you don't expect to see this
right here
you guys might not even be able to see
properly because I don't think it really
shows up on camera but the sky is a very
dark shade of gray and it is raining and
it's pretty gross so yeah but we have
puppies they make it all better don't
they a new mommy hey hey hey man where's
Neil
thank you you have any num-nums somebody
just peed on their mind it's really
annoying because the puppies have
actually become really really good at
toilet training I came down this morning
there was no pee anywhere no poop
anywhere except for on the pee pee pads
so and they're eight weeks old it's
amazing I feel like this whole area this
right here is so bare you know that the
plants are gone well we have our basil
we need to get more plants so leave
comments below let us know what like
what we should get I want to get like
herbs and stuff like for cooking I think
that will be cool I still have yet to
use our nozzle plant any cooking I don't
think I've used it yet all right
oh yeah actually I did for something I
can't remember what but yeah you
suggestions of what we should get
because I feel like this looks very sad
in there right now you know yeah we need
to make it kind of spruce it up a bit
trying something out here we're gonna
get a baby gate we're gonna get it when
we get home but I'm just gonna see if
this helps because they can see out but
they can't actually get out and get here
and climb up the stairs and cry calm
down guys so cute I think okay Cena I
bet you you went away they'd all be
happy oh God they beat the system
okay back to the planning table okay so
now I'm gonna try and focus just here at
the stairs instead and hopefully they
don't work as a team and push it over no
I forgot okay okay all right
oops don't need maple already we need to
buy a baby game I think you she's a
fighter great instead it's a lot cheaper
that's so nice
is that all your tools yeah and these
are toiletries but I included yours as
well so Wow he didn't really wear do
wedding photos our wedding you're so
organized oh my god like like everything
you're amazing here my idol no my
packing idol you should enter America's
next top packer oh you funny all right
let's look at mine okie dokie
so I'm bringing these shorts i priority
the hoodie I don't need a jacket but I
probably need them to get there let's
just bring the stuff in see how much I
have can I make it a little pot here
just for the moment
okay let's just bring all this inside
quick as we can
I'm going swimming in the sea but some
of my girls Turin what cousins you're
not going to a swimming pool oh my god I
need it I need to when I'm underwater
and I want to do some filming underwater
I'm gonna need to be able to see what
I'm doing you dis allowed me to get a
snorkel so alone
yeah so now I can have now I can see I
won't be able to breathe but I'll be
able to see maybe what is where actually
these are kind of cool okay
guys look what I did during my app my
preparation huh I organized my pile nice
check that check out my moves which one
should I wear to the wedding like the
black pinstripe one or was it going to
be or the beige one everything's kind of
blue think he knows how can we used to
sit on everything would you put me smile
enough to be more attacks
no where was just organizing stuff oh he
knows isn't he doesn't he know he knows
she doesn't care all right let's go I
thought the office office rent oh we go
now see now Shh don't say anything okay
I'm gonna bring you open the hotel edgy
Bop oh god they're later I
was like baby food when you use that
little baby spoon it's like a baby food
food
get the chicken that's not really
chicken horny burgers so so one said
we're in the Irish Times today that's
kind of fun isn't that kind of fun we're
gonna go that we're gonna have to go and
buy a copy it could be a ploy Oh could
be a ploy from newspapers to try and
make us buy copies of their newspaper
yeah why don't you take it I place it
here you know it they love it Oh 100
times I get in there be a war
when she was still at it you know she
had it too just like lick me it was
completely clean that had been Keith for
like ages I was like I think you're
finished now you know what's really
funny
what's realized the smallest yeah but
she always finishes retreat in like
seconds yeah the wolf I have to give her
two weeks for me because um who are you
who are you yeah
because last last two times I gave it to
her and then she came back and I was
like did you not get one this might give
her another one tonight I realize no she
just eats resor party inhales vent that
didn't happen here I'll be like to take
his time saver and taste
if you got something on you there sorry
maybe in Dublin it'll be better weather
for the week this is how to make a
t-shirt look formal good afternoon
no no not our wedding the registry
wedding in Cork you sure that's what I
was thinking
don't have to wear the pants though
really nuts but it's Italy you stop in
the freaking suitcase so I can arrange
the 22-foot it's Saturday what do I need
something so you're telling me I have
permission to wear a tricky track suit
for the next two days all day long
outdoors in I'm not a liar our tractors
outside the house so I'm gonna take I'm
gonna take this veto and then gonna wear
it checks it outside what are you
wearing get a travel what a travel
outfit probably the shorts that I've
already won no no no it doesn't know
you've watched them maybe they're good
ones no no don't take my throw me that's
all going in offering you one just socks
gave me loads of socks you know because
I'm bringing all the new stuff with me
I'm not bringing any like normal clothes
apart from the suit everything else is
brand-new unopened tags honest new
clothes every day for the holiday yeah
first time in the rain the water's
coming from the sky look I found one for
the clock place for two years and I know
what a second one is so that's the
problem
Nevaeh you get this one yeah Diane come
on
enjoy the rain I really didn't think
they'd want to know I didn't think so
either but remember I'll be and see me
go mental when they get wet they go
insane so maybe you're gonna go insane
maybe you just pick em up slugs as well
yeah true I actually picked up boots I
got you know - bring him in there no no
it's fine for a little bit but they're
not gonna I just want them to pee or
poop and then we can just die man
another thing I'm really impressed I
thought they would hate it come to gain
the chasm oh that's like the ramp no
indeed Lopez yeah so cute with her one
apricot here these puppies put you to
shame
that's my plant Nevaeh so fluffy I know
what's the plan treason oh my goodness
they have it they know
first time in the rain you're so cute
I'll be cheeks we're gonna might net
there it's so good sit sit look at these
two so we just recorded yeah style idea
the last style I video we're gonna do we
might to put some up during the week but
we can't guarantee that we will
guarantee the dating block everything
laid for the whole time wind Sorrento
and Naples bugginess right I was just
backing up some stuff before I have to
get it off the laptop hold on come on
come on focus forecast look at ninety
eight hours I just transferred ninety
eight hours ninety eight and a half
hours of footage and spiders blah blah
blah blah blah it's not crazy to me
seventy eight ninety eight and a half
hours I just transferred off the laptop
that's insane
well that sucks let's add up the Irish
Times I need to get like corn and stuff
like that as well like what I'm sorry
there's times like whoa so they're
probably so like cuz we are a nerd
obviously yeah so June 1st lovely and
sunny June 2nd
yeah so obviously somewhere was only one
day long oh god this is all right man we
should get some roads in Ireland I don't
even know that was gonna happen
oh my god that must be some very good
luck or something is it the long tack
so I tried a few different stops and
it's actually so that um look it's like
according to five but it's all gone but
I do know that Mama stylers gets the
Irish Times every single day so I'm
gonna nip in here and see if I can just
take a picture of it's like a footer on
Facebook it worked at mama saw a shop
still had a copy so there it is
by Russia in Engle which is pretty good
sit she's got good credit and there it
is I'll shake around Facebook so you
guys can read it it's probably on our
website as well that is that picture I
sent that picture to someone ages ago
ideas and it just seems to be used in
like everything now it's become our
official brand you see this mess
it looks crazy he's got googly eyes
every case actually had a boating
regatta in Cork they probably thought
yesterday they're like oh my god ocean
the city is gonna be so awesome
and then like this carry-on here today
oh my god that's so crazy and you guys
that ocean the city say oh my god last
year this day last year we were at Ocean
City do you guys remember I was in the
hotel with Erika and her friend and
we're like running through the rooms and
we at Lowe's the Kit Kats
we had so much fun she's she's a little
gets flashy but I don't like when I get
someone hello
sometimes it's a bonus it's the Baroness
so did I kids don't splash people I
think
actually get fine there's something
nowadays for doing that back in the day
who was like I was like Oh
grab your shampoo quick shower jump to
the side rope I'm a killer guys I'm a
kidder I'm a kidder
oh my goodness did she just come up the
stairs oh my god she did she finds him
on the bed herself I was just walking
past and I started trying to do it I
grabbed the block I don't even know I
think I got it I think I got it it was
so fast oh my goodness Bianca she's
crazy she just jumped up I was like oh
God
okay picking cotton to bed now
you can bring it in I gotta get the old
M the old thumbnail there was a delay I
got some now it's okay oh my goodness oh
yes they were all outside in the rain
it's a panicky jeez it's over like it
yeah oh my god you're so wet oh my God
look oh yeah cuz there's a big pool of
water in the middle I had thrown out and
grab them you're so cute
see now if I lick them clean or let them
dry should we hairdryer them
or Jinky be okay let's leave them for a
few minutes to sort of see what Tina can
do before you go in there
yeah notice your brain it's the big ones
of water it comes to water make sure
you're not I'm not I'm not I'm not
this is ridiculous
I still have not managed to find theater
flip-flop I'm like I don't bleep I
didn't you know what I was sitting
downstairs when you're kind of watching
TV and stuff when I was like I think
we're going tomorrow and of course she
knew but happens like I totally forgot
that we're actually going tomorrow cuz
we're going on Monday we're actually
staying in a hotel tomorrow night at the
airport so it's like oh my goodness
oh my goodness
does she oh is that her at the gate Joe
doubts happen guys
see these me wetting Travis is right and
I know the Footwear's like that I need
to try them on like what if you don't
fit anymore you know what I mean I have
lost weight since I am slimmer than I
was at my wedding last year how cool is
that
I'll even notice I thought it would've
gained weight since then you know but it
turns out I'm slimmer than I was last
year
nice hello
do you guys have any idea where am I or
a flip-flop is that's the one I'm
looking for
see it see it yes it does it boat any
thing which you guys know I'm gonna miss
you guys so much we don't think about
that I'm talking about that if those
things okay I'm gonna check um you guys
come on in let's go let's go let's go
this is a trick let's go let's go are we
all in right first run first one for
sorry okay here there isn't sort of them
that says that's a shoe it's not the
shoe I was looking for just that stuff
right
oh hello Artie bear yeah this is
annoying
alright is it yeah I couldn't possibly
do you think we have enough toys for the
dogs come possibly being here put it I
think somehow got buried in here huh Oh
God you were this guy much is it
Chewbacca
please make up Chewbacca hello nope it's
not in here
yo isn't here lens cleaner oh ho ho
mommy I go is that myself the monkey you
see that for a second okay um definitely
right here right so you just check
anyway Christmas this that's the big
wedding present thing that's actually
like their bins rubbish that's in there
hey skip me okay I checked huh
I can't find it guys I think I might be
in all my style that says but you know
what he is did find for me oh my god
leave me a comment if you remember last
year do you remember when I got these
things and I was like the happiest
little boy in all the land I wore them
all the time everybody remember I used
to wear them in Middleton all the time
and they got ruined oh these are your
ones of the suitcase they're so
comfortable can wear these outside
though so um
we'll put Brandon my we didn't realize
that we actually had both and pay for a
bag each so we actually have like tons
more yours is full and this one like
loads room so you should be able to buy
presents for like all the subscribers
I'll be oh my god look we could fit I'll
be in there you can take one puppy
we put habían gonna go through this one
no cute UM's so i'll do their stuff in
the morning because it's mostly stuff
that they need for tonight yeah we got
same way your mom's is to collect her
luggage they can't be taken for walks
yeah I forgot about that part you know
like is it worth putting just a pee-pee
pad into that box themselves yarn if we
can fit all the suitcases
the boot is huge in that car yeah like
if we can get all the suitcases in the
boot and then we can have I'll be
encinas beds and then the puppy box
no yeah well Nana will bring in to the
changes the game a little but what
catches your mind like we said two
suitcases what is that a chest too are
they bringing their carry-ons with them
I hope so
oh we can't like it's not really fair
yeah yeah no I know you wouldn't get
four suitcases in the back of the car
now
we'll get three probably and then our
two quite small yeah and then I've got
one carry-on which is all the
productions though because there's no
way I'm still into production stuff and
then you could take one of no you
couldn't take the dog in a lap yeah
you're gonna be in c9 it up yeah
or you could put the puppy
rocks between your legs no no I know
they're all gonna get sick of each other
yeah let's we leave everybody here when
we go get the suitcases oh yeah
definitely
yeah oh yeah of course like success well
suppose I gotta find my flip flop flip a
fan flip a campfire flop flop is missing
have you seen flop maybe comment
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's can dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
