welcome to June this is it didn't Wow
why am i a CSI Miami intro oh is it the
way I'm supposed to go first okay
Halloween dude idiot hunch
turn turn turn right thanks welcome to
June whoa I don't see put the sunglasses
on first nuts in three days we'll be in
sorrento in five days myself and Anna
will be in a relationship for five years
in 14 days I will be vlogging daily
vlogging on YouTube for two full years
we only missed one day which was the day
after our wedding which is like our
honeymoon day off but I don't know we've
done a full two years like and in 93
days I will be a father a father a
father and she's kind of 92 days for you
cuz you guys live in the past but I'm
yeah isn't that crazy
what a what a month like the month is
Joy's supposed to 93 days is actually in
September so it's not really June but
still 5th of June 5 years together
that's the longest I've never been I
don't think I've ever done anything for
five years now hmmm is it all condensate
in the lens I think you guys need a
little
that better
hahaha Brenda shower together is for
this hour together
Oh Gary what a microphone is the
microphone here her blog is up here so
probably not use the big away day I love
this stuff I'm obsessing this low hello
the funky joking just got it good my
eyes oh my god oh come on my fringes oh
my god fits my nose right now
oh hey guys is your there the hairdryer
it's true I use the hairdryer guys I'm
gonna dry my hair and then let my even
ght I don't know he's gonna get crazy
I like to hear that hey guys I hobby
like diagram Dina does not like Arizona
it's our little hair dryer I thought
four years ago we gonna do hair that
someday
that's blow dryer kind of goes right boy
you know you just want to make sure so
you can go like flip it you a hair flip
what I gotta do actually it's closed for
winter now yeah this is Jo fascist
grooming standards oh yeah look even we
have grooming standards think my theme
is in one hand I tend to burn yourself
so I'm gonna go ahead I'm just gonna
have to take that hand from you then we
have it the perfect time
no poof I don't know why I'm showing you
guys in the mirror cuz I you see fresh
perfect little crumb and it kind of
blows in the wind as well you don't have
to be kind of like seemed like too solid
you know not single product new paw paw
like I don't always put the stuff in I
really like this stuff it's like a spray
wax thing but sometimes it just like the
leave it sort of natural you know it's
really tall but it's natural which is
fine it goes much like taller you see in
the mirror where is it
yeah like see it goes moves taller when
it's natural but but stuff in a little
drink down by then looks good looks good
oh this you guys gonna mind the house
you guys gotta mind the house sees the
whole see house up oh no it's not
chairs from brunch brunch chairs Oh guys
not right now fine the house time did
look everyone peed in my place huh I
hope yank is like you know a please
it does take time give me the other ones
okay see now let's go go oh my god
they're separated nicely let's go let's
go up up up up okay minor house Oh God
oh goodness like she found hobby mind
the house mind the house oh my god Anna
brush to mind for hours this morning
oh my god looking soft the Arni's what
the heck Tina when the house eat that
eat it don't she doesn't care what my
knee is tight when the house guys and
ask in my name isn't
oh no oh no no no no no no poor little
mousy
um I'll bring him for an adventure than
the garden probably best for us what did
you what did you did you make him Elsie
oh sorry sorry
that's me so the gardener guy has just
arrived he's at he's seen the front but
I have to make sure tell him not to hurt
over his look you wouldn't even notice
it would you
it's the grass is so overgrown like you
very easily just run that over pong with
a lot more and that'll be very sad
wouldn't it
I'm gonna put this guy no youni pop him
over here is the safest and well god oh
my god is good at madly yeah YUM
nice he's gone home thanks he's gone
home all right does am house like two
doors off was having a big wedding
Oh dad morels we need old cars those
classic cars parked at friends its he
looks like oh I want to get married
again
excuse me come on Joe okay let's get out
of here so we're heading out to the post
office will actually we're going to get
our photos printed first is
have to submit evidence of how we left
the last place that we used to live in
if you guys have been following our
vlogs you know what I'm talking about it
said that we have a video like the day
that we left the place that's available
on requests I couldn't really I was
writing so I can really write the link
in that would be weird but yeah so we're
just going to send the picture print
pictures yeah the letter I wrote is in
this because you have to submit it in
writing as well and easily just said the
same as before cuz like the same thing
to figure out we were just discussing
here how we're gonna actually get
everyone to Dublin yeah I think I have
figured out I feel like that box again
the box and then a spare blanket not
that one that we use because right to
Robbie and Cena um so the two beds and
then the box again I have a list minute
and dogs their holiday I do so we're
bringing um they need two bags of food
two packets of pee pee pads they need
four bowls we have to supply the water a
couple of gallon drums of water like
imagine um I'll be and see honey to bed
the top is I think are gonna have the
bed that's behind the door in the
kitchen yeah they like what's the
blanket in it yeah and a spare blanket
put inside the cardboard box again sick
or anything yeah um and that's it
there's a couple more things from Toys
Toys
five toys my eyes because I don't know
five just seems like it's a good night
yeah okay five toys who treats all we're
giving in the tree pollen has treats and
then the cube to bugs and just how did
this happen okay
I was standing there we were coming in
to post something pictures and now all
of a sudden we're here looking at this I
just realized they stopped making
know what sucks
in any business my lands because I
bought it here before like couple years
ago I think we shouldn't have we should
get it them in the snow blow for them
yeah I think that'll increase our
chances just take the card in regular
instant instant instant yeah yeah we
don't we don't need high quality media
okay yeah there we go
remember that house guys you need to
select it don't I yeah I think you just
click it yeah there you go nope
no that's bitch yeah but that's when we
moved in that's like get what unless you
can write on it and say that's us moving
in yeah you know we can't on a student
in Photoshop oh yeah it's the bedroom
yeah let's get a room yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
is that it awesome cool oh whatever
six yeah standard 2.3 boom one each yes
yeah one one one one 585 boom do it
gifts no City no City welcome to the
post office I'd like to send that please
maybe that would be okay way twice
41 I don't even know what that means
where I am 41 continue it is 55 cents
let letter going to Ireland 55 cents
yeah we're okay we're good let's it plop
it in there funny now we're like five
years together in four days and that's
where I bought our engagement ring
so I don't know why we're up here
because I specifically remember exiting
the bottom level know what happened
Nene's probably going to shop yeah I
don't mean handy like someone lost a
balloon when you guys see it try and
zoom in see can't you see it you see it
look
oh poor balloon got lost lost quite a
lizard blue yeah no I know I used to get
so like like please get anxiety over
like the wouldn't actually
wait I'm so scared I feel like I think
we know your bed yeah so this is your
big plan a look at this bad boy I didn't
notice a 630 cows though which is
probably bad I just got a rap with and
sun-dried tomatoes chicken and mixed
peppers
via tuna take your default you know you
dig it
oh you know what I'm going to get
something different today and then the
pressure kicks in then the stress is
like Turnitin rap big dinner bagel
V tuna I missed the office out the
office coming back Andy Bernard Bernard
some water so they gave you napkins and
cut it in half
oh my goodness I'm like an angel it's so
bright this particular shot cuz it's
broken that I think the light was like
crazy
okay look Eddie's is closed I wonder why
what is it I can't read the sign hope
it's not closed forever this place is so
empty it's gonna get so chaotic oh he's
like it's to embrace summer holidays
officially begin
slightly mentally is here are you under
summer holidays or are you doing a
junior next week
the Jesus and Leaving Cert on at the
same time also getting the dreams that
you're probably losers a do you do
certain things are you doing stays them
or a GCSE or as a levels or whatever
when I don't even know when then are on
or what you do in America and
SATs when did you an SAT but I am
another junior leaving which is good
because every day when you come home
after doing your exam you can watch us
living it up in Sorrento sting
so you're on mother's day when you got
the extra stuff Amelia
I hope you're paying attention the
Father's Day you know a little higher
no I want I want the full treatment the
luxury full treatment
okay a plus treatment what for Mother's
Day was do you got you got to pamper
pack on with the pepper pack I got once
I get it a book Snuggie I got the
pregnancy journal yeah you know what I
want this what is it it's a little car
thing yeah give me that okay that's what
I want I will just flew into the car oh
my god anything so I'm removing it
removing this insect give me something
they get ginormous oh my god it then
come on buddy come on auntie mo buddy
here you go you don't want to go where
I'm going
oh my god just landline it it just
jumped in landing on my shoulders I gone
looking in knowing no way
no ya cuz I'm speaking it let's not
everybody we've seen all the squeaking
that was so funny because I do recall we
were unsure he thought oh yeah I know
come on kill her come on cuz she can get
up here and she getting stuck all the
time yeah cuz she can get up here she's
so cute so she runs up all the time but
it can't get back then alright let's go
ahead side guys go uh-oh don't check me
up don't fit me up is the anchor
upstairs you mean it's cold you be cold
ah no but bees in the garden oh look
another one not gonna she's gone poo
poos in the garden nice good puppy
yeah good boy I could everyone's doing
mm-hmm just presses oh come on
you run off one of our puppies
yes our strong Rikki's pooing is just
part of raising something I'll wash my
hands after I didn't yeah with this hand
since my oldest my little pulley yeah
what that's just part of I'm not washing
again I wants to be an African ter lunch
here you go hey Vlad Oh dry nights no
see looking simply wets his bed
hi I think he's a 3d model 7 you know
it's not it's a human I think it's
because to save the embarrassment over a
natural person
imagine you were to spokesperson for
wetting your bed at night you know it's
not real its treaty s-max with a texture
cuz look he's he's got no teeth on the
back
no I thought Rikki's was gonna dinner
sorry I try to get this so I probably
won't be able to hello did you drink
that so I'll be does as well so tell me
hey yeah yeah he call mr. keys whose
home is jinkies he loves water from a
glass so see you love for of my glass
the fresh water for glass and anything
else you all know he's confusing about
telling yeah
thanks huh these two crazies in here in
the jungle
what's going on guys where's everyone
oh she got to Paquette's and Sina what
if we get there
have you got that oh she could still see
us all the big she get it
they love yoga what did you do that
don't you do that you were top of the
thing
mmm this is not a toy lads all right
anything huh oh my God look at this
what's growing in this so cute
see how he is so much camel hey tight
Tsukiko think you just got it from the
water so hmm you tomorrow let's go down
here oh sorry
whoa you heard Cooper
a single port trooper like that was
probably a trooper yeah here's the
cleaning you always that they're a
trooper no pretty nice I like that
topping you really complement sir my
hair my hair but I saw I was thinking as
well but actually makes a difference out
it's kind of cool
cleaning cleaning this is all is what
it's done is its last one yeah
have to you deep clean before we go why
you do it every week on us yeah that's
the awesome thing guys get yourself a
wife they're deadly like every day I
open my drawers and I'm like I know I
had no socks yesterday but I guarantee
you boom socks here today it's amazing
like it's amazing no I just put things
in that little thing and somehow they
make they get cleaned and they get
placed back in that drawer are you
excited I'll be to brush my hair combos
Emilio wonder that too Wow what how do
things get done all the time dad sure
knows no time I think when you're when
you're small like when you're a child
though you don't seem vet it nah hi I'm
thought about it I just closed Missy to
always be there well what's my mom it
was more like Rosen isn't cleaning as I
am but she always had like roses are on
the table or dinner it's always
different and it was always really good
we've always made some scratch but you
never had anything the only thing that's
going to be a hard challenge you know
when you first have kids is that you do
have sedan like it's not like you know
we'd like oh I'm lazy let's get a pizza
then I think I'll wait a second like I
got a feat I'm he and she gotta have a
pizza our fast food or anything then I
gotta make her dinner you know but we're
not we're not taking a route of like the
baby food you know so it's what I
suppose for the first 12 frets minute
first
although can't really be heaven no for
the first year like you puree stuff you
curate exactly so you can't just oh can
use per hey so we can still have pizza
and she can have pureed veggies exactly
Oh boom oh yeah
yes I can almost hear a baby crying
there's the baby baby I don't want to be
is but there is a baby nearby and is
crying that's gonna be so much fun
watching you tried to stop the baby from
crying but I sit back and play the
PlayStation ha ha ha ha just dogs
spluttered everywhere threatened realize
there's fast asleep hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Joey and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
