today's video so myself in the last year
just chilling in the kitchen just
getting ready to drop your media over to
ballet camp oh oh here's the media now
good morning Amelia how are you today
yeah are you ready for ballet oh you're
wearing a nice outfit how do you see
them Eduardo anywhere oh I wonder if he
coming maybe he's out with mommy yeah
wonder where they've got to hello hello
oh my goodness just hanging with my pal
here just me friend me pal oh my
goodness friends how cruel are they
anyway I just wanted before the video
starts right Roxanne start in a second
okay but I just wanted to come in here
and now I can finally tell you how you
can come and hang out with the Saucony
Jolie's and their cardboard clinic
people
Saturday it's waiting for over in
blue water in ten enjoy being a snitch
come on down come on down
say hello tickets are limited link down
below make sure to get them don't miss
out you can hang out me and my friend
but there's more Monday the 23rd of
October Jesper WH Smith in Chester come
on Dan get your tickets tickets are
limited make sure to click the link
below and I'll see you friends in
Chester now you didn't think I was going
to forget my friends from Wales man
we're going to Cardiff 26th of October
in Cardiff Peter links down below
don't miss our friends cannot wait to
see you now on Friday to 27th of October
friends we are going to jump in Smith in
Milton Keynes get your tickets list down
below don't miss that limited edition
cannot wait to see you guys
it's at all am I forgetting somebody
and why forgetting somebody is he
forgetting somebody what are you guys
doing on Sunday the 11th of November in
I couldn't let you down my friends my
glass we Glaswegian is anything my
Scottish friends Sunday the 11th of
November in WH Smith in Glasgow very
exciting tickets are limited links down
below
first come first to get them I cannot
wait to see you guys and they are the
date coming up of how you can meet us in
October we will be going to Ireland okay
we just haven't got all the Irish stuff
organized yet but we will be coming to
Ireland guys tickets for the event are
only $6.99 the cost of the book the book
is only sixpence 99 P if you can afford
610 99 p please come along come and meet
us come and give us a hug come and say
how's it going anyone under the age of
14 can bring a parent with them and it's
not going to cost you anything else you
buy one box bring your mom if you're
under 14 and don't worry about it it's
cool I got it just drop my namesake
Jonathan said it was okay they'll say
wish Jonathan but I wish guy all the
tickets will have a timeslot attached to
them starting at 10 a.m. I am very
excited guys I cannot wait to see you
guys I cannot wait to show you the book
I cannot wait to go on the tours and
meet all you guys it's so excited links
down below go crush it get to take its
beat it sell it out if you sell it out
we'll have to do it again and we'll do
more of them anyway for me and my friend
here on the blog
morning friends welcome to Zeus where I
going to the planet Kent today and it's
so exciting because I'd never bring the
packed lunch to ballet before and so
it's facing and it's going to be so much
sir mommy said I'm going up and ten
named after mummys walk up and I love
Barry pants curse and they said I can
make I can percent some activity that
America to my mummy style I'm going to
go I want to detect them and I was
trying to find terminal follow the
footprint good day friends to you
very cool trader exciting day today I am
announcing the book cover do you dance a
book cover do you show the book cover
anyway the vlog that's going up today
you wanna immense you going to book
cover which you watch yesterday I'm very
excited about that fact and then today
as far as I know I'm going to be able to
share the dates and locations of the
main great book for that we're going to
be doing in two months so I'm very
excited about to meet or you guys
because I have met anyone in a year
because we haven't any event this year
at all because we had a baby so that's
going to be fun you know are you on are
you on baby duty take the entertaining
journey why are you not dressed from a
book Oh got a favorite thing yes
are you ready for ballet camp yeah yeah
how exciting I like a slipper choice
they're so cute all what are you gonna
do a male can you show that to on your
mood why else would you move up and
checked off I just figured the president
yeah so he went to a birthday party
yesterday and I brought the kids but I
forgot give him the present did oh he
did drop the present I had to pick it up
and run after and give him a backup
presence
Oh quick taste good good it's hot he'll
run it is trying thank a mommy to 22x
know it's gonna work out mommy I'm Kelly
now is logging Oh moaning okay
don't forget you look fat yeah look Fred
check all right have fun
say hi so I guess let me kiss I just
said hello Jim bye-bye tomorrow I'm
gonna be there for a little bit longer
and I've ever stayed and I can't wait
because it today uh and I'm going to log
in comedy and smooth I don't know Oh and
should I pay myself in Edgewater Z to be
a nothing it is the oldest eater and yet
how many fell burgers that in maximum
well it's always worried ever cuz it's
raining and it is really sad cuz it just
started to rain anyway
alright the rain folks
but I see you guys later come on mrs. we
don't want to be late we are at ballet
school we're not really for anti-bodies
do we got to get it we got a park here
and then we got to walk the rest of the
way for the meetings wearing correct
attire through little Wellington boots
I'm in fog what makes you can't yell did
mommy choose it then guess what
what remember I didn't yell my name
he didn't go to bed last night that was
really good very impressed me too it
does so dad can you do any more vlogging
to start for us to go public on support
time I didn't forget to you as long as
guys I think you're so busy with making
POS TS and books and getting so excited
and I've been like trying to get
everything organized and like it 45
minutes you're watching this video I'm
making this video and you're watching
this video like 45 minutes ago I was
sitting here putting the final touches
on that team together but I'm so excited
my like it's gonna be so cool like leave
in comments or you go am I going to give
you a hug in blue water
Chester Cardiff Milton keys or Glasgow
I'm very excited guys I'm very excited I
tried to be really fair where we're
doing to do it and I really wanted to
try and make it as fair as possible and
obviously it's not going to be fair for
everybody you know but you know
hopefully if those people get to bulk
and if loads of people get tickets for
these events maybe we can convince the
publisher to go out and put out more of
these like I'm coming to use and like I
said there will be an Irish thing coming
up very soon it's not going to be an
Irish thing unless yeah I'm so excited
for you guys to get your little paws on
the spoken like a man like two years two
years I've been active it's like
plotting away we just did it look at it
there that's me with a coconut scent
even a cover anymore I need to update
the corporate house me the Cobra out
there yo Egmont send me and send me an
updated one were there well yeah come on
well yeah yeah I got to go I need to
upload this video on Ruby no video for
you well yeah check it out guys blue
water chance to Cardiff Milton Keynes
Glasgow so much fine and we're going to
try news alert when I do like a
Roadtrip so they're like head off and
then we're going to like the idea of
like this you can see this day which we
need to be get like a day in the place
and then we get to the event as well as
that was going to be so much fun like so
you might just see so much common on
anyway if you okay to take it no don't
do that don't don't just get a book
support its gory epic all right I gotta
go I gotta go
you got it I gotta go you gotta go you
gotta go you gotta go
you do not seem you never seemed
impressed by my jokes if you give me a
smile now gives us well that's it and I
see you said oh love mom she's too hard
oh I'm sorry
right good my friends thanks for
watching hope you get tickets hope to
see you guys
Oh
you
