they got married on us and the two baby
in September and they're going to
broadcast back burned all so what do you
reaction to that you think it's kind of
a cool idea is this I mean it's good
idea in with what we live for
did you probably call me bonkers oh wait
7 1 double 8 103 H this is Professor
Green with Ruth on Republican Spain call
me though that's a funny right cuz I was
like Oh make it last cuz I was like oh
just you can somebody treat me right I
didn't you're in spin so I just clicked
on it was like oh um you gonna call me
ask me how I'm going oh I guess they are
look at that work there hello hi how's
it gone
cool yeah yeah I do uh yeah grabber now
convinced I was random I didn't know I
was gonna happen
um I don't even recorded any of it I
think they'll probably give me the sound
pod thing it's probably on spin
somewhere but essentially what did we
talk about what was the gist um just
what we're gonna show us like for the
birth
yeah and like how it kind of came to
that and like you know what it's going
to be like yeah too much pressure so I
was just saying that like you know cuz
this is this is what I feel anyway it's
like you don't wanna be so excited for
you don't have moment especially for you
guys you know when you're gonna watch
that vlog and I really like I don't be
like oh my god like I'm having
contractions or my water broke or
something I'd like oh my god
get the car you know any of your like
driving in court okay I got a baby
coming and we get at a hospital like oh
my god I'm here to have a baby it's like
sure sit over there for 18 hours
oh I rushed here for that you know but
then you know to me and then it's like
the epidural time combs the aneesa's
comes in is like oh my god
you know and it's like contractions are
getting more intense more intense and
then like okay you know you're dilated
the baby's head is crowning you're like
uh uh tears that my face my god ramming
a baby you know and then we liked it
you know pull the baby out and put the
coordinator handed to me ever like you
know that's what I'm most excited for um
leave me a comment tell me what you're
most excited for well Laura DB to see
you h Maternity and that's is private OB
oh my goodness we actually got pictures
when we are where mm oh we can do a
double X well we did but I think we're
not yeah so yeah that's what I mean it
looks like three weeks ago that a month
ago
look her eyes her choice yeah you're
kind of hard to see it though these ones
no no cuz look no noise look if she's
looking at it's like oh my goodness that
is kind of freaky oh my god we've
created a monster I'm going to eat your
children pretty no it's not I mean
goodness
that's not funny so he just put it in
the folder yeah we're supposed to like
check that folder and stuff he were like
pregnant ointment here as well that's
how I do cuz he got an appointment like
two days after we come back which is
like cry cry quite right
hello hello oh no is there no one no oh
just you she's like part of the cool day
hey it's the grumpy one that's not mom
hmm
look at you huh hey mom hi mom
I love it up here hey nothing up here
Chester's owning this just another ish
hmm hairy legs look at my scar itself
remember when I went to do it I am at
war thing oh my goodness me warden to
the bushes like myself like
ours take all over my legs it's not
cray-cray 19 oh you're a real man real
man with stars no I didn't let her in
there no no no no no could you've gotten
and done make it though
didn't a little bunny rabbits like
bouncing around like bunny rabbits
uh-huh APB's no no no no no no no why
I'll never get them back we need to go
over that side so Cena couldn't get
stuck not nobody see that I don't like
em they go under the house what look at
huh
oh yeah cuz every day like that's why I
see cheetah claws deadly like taking a
pill okay come on inside let's go let's
go
give me a comment if you have the claw
you know it's when you like grip sing
and it like picks up the poop core let's
go yeah I gotcha
I catch you
go play let you head over
so like you there's a good pic the posh
rebounding and I need to cut this again
they like when it's cut again because
it's got a little on the greatest like
being underneath it's like going on to
the couches yeah probably
fight with the buzz is look at them up
jumpin up Abby come on come on give him
giving him teacher everyone its genes
for everyone okay you're gonna turn I'm
sitting under neat you come on get in
there get in there Abby and sit sit sit
sit it's musical seating sit no they
took open stairs
hey just making them do things abusing
my power I'll be you Cena what is this
this okay you call your one you call
your ones come on guys what no no no no
no you guys no puppies puppies in there
puppies in there okay how I give those
to you to treat and then half a ton or
two and then we'll give them please
Marone okay so ones on my foot trying to
slow me down here alright let's go up up
up up up up up up up up up
okay well I was pretty far up Abbi okay
get gear on my house good boy mind the
house everybody - no no no no go go go
just push the Mac no Cena where's you
see her sick
this is your minor house the girl in the
house good run run
goodbye Deb petroleum and the noi'm and
when it's no long to get some more where
no I think even that wasn't it start of
a show or something you know what to do
if you know what I'm talking about
remind me I got petrol low-side that bad
you get about them thinking about five
hundred kilometers or something under
petroleum tank it's waiting to live in a
world like Ireland like we all talk
about miles but we do everything in
kilometers you know it's like what's the
mileage on your car and it's like oh
I've got like 80,000 miles in my car but
then it says one hundred and eighty
eight thousand kilometers because
everything's like ah you uh it's like
how many miles has got we buy petrol and
it's like how many miles MPG like miles
per gallon but it's like but you drive
in kilometers per gallon it's totally
like that and it's funny isn't it funny
I just feel like out of curiosity Thai
sweet chili wrinkles look great girl oh
my god
so brand-new look salt I was gonna buy
the others names but I feel like I
should try these
Capricia ones shouldn't I like for
scientific purposes what you want those
ones yeah okay I'm more interested in
speech chilli once you have the salt and
pepper once I'm in this like obviously
an enormous Arkansans I wouldn't buy
them corn I've tried them before third
ones that you like the black ones but I
have to try them you know yeah people
need people need to know people need to
know this information which one
Jaina before maybe she was born in us
maybe it's me believe it's like the most
famous London it oh it's the other one
you own like shakes her hair cuz I'm
worth it
he does cuz I'm worth it who does
because I'm worth it
Garnier is it L'Oreal oh yeah that's par
you guys are Darnay how to do brother
lady and travel forum we got a starting
gel my god like baby links
why not I would just bring a full-size
one yeah remember this thing with mom
gave us last year which she can give us
but she let it use this yeah that was
like we were so overweight we didn't
know um what's the Italian one I made it
I made these do we have definitely a
couple of them they're all England in
America and yeah English the exact same
oh it's the UPS way around didn't we
find that last year as well yeah isn't
it in Italy we got the Italian ones
somewhere how did we end up with the
last year we need one for the camera
charger we need for our laptops and for
our phones yeah quite a lot crap oh yeah
let's go some boating guys let's do this
let's do this so exciting yeah whoo go
Europe ha ha did you guys vote yesterday
for the referendum your friend Irwin if
the fiscal financial agree with Europe
its involved in a referendum my jokes
apart all jokes aside yo I didn't feel
very strongly about this particular
election I won't bore you with and I
don't want to talk politics because half
you guys could be events and half of you
guys could be Ford and I don't want to
alienate anybody but I definitely feel
at this particular election is really
important as you can see look she's
walking on with voting guard get for you
it's really important to vote because
this is something that's definitely
going to impact them our country I feel
very strongly about a particular way I
am voting but it bubbles was it right
there in front of us ha but if you want
you can you can leave a comment below
and tell me what way you did vote um I
just feel like I don't want to say it
because I feel like then I might be
alienating something and you know I
don't I don't you know whatever way I
vote is my opinion though whatever you
vote is your opinion you know but um
voting is cool pulling station it's a
security its adopting security
what did she steal she got something
Oh careful
don't be little hands it's like what
they do with the catch you know all
careful witless
hello it lace did she just what yeah
that was supposed to stop her sure he
doesn't already know
no she's not gonna good to get out great
Cena's gone under yeah but she can go
under can't go under the house she just
went under the house she ran back hope
she's okay he's like I just like him so
much fun when you lots are chasing her
back and stuff yeah I would surrender
tail she does eat I'd take him up
I think he ran away and is hiding hmm
Doki God
it's okay he's okay
who not good for my plants hmm you're
not over dad's plans
he's like little bodies everywhere
what is this thing oh my god where we
got in here peas chicken tuna tuna
what's the circular things that pasta
yeah my goodness
oh you've never had this one what's a
goat
Kalamata cuz cuz I like the color Oh
like the calamari officers shake you
know like the wings Oh even the fish
yeah how they I'm in there you know I'll
take amore
we're going to Naples lads got to keep
me eyes peeled
haha so it's tuna steak yum yum and peas
and peas please
awesome yom-yom
yo Mikey what's in is it custard
yeah what else is in there that's all
thanks me paste Oh custard
yum-yum yeah please yes oh my have to
drop Emma to the train station because
she's a lazy poop and we're gonna steal
some yum Yum's um prosciutto oh but you
do know what it is mm-hmm okay
and sit sit lie down by name good uh Oh
YUM squiggle abomino he comes
Tina Tina just sucks it in yeah I'll
chew and chew on it later
I'll just
suck it in and chew on it leaders
leaders how much I was like a pair of
boobs
oh listen it yeah go for it go for it
Joe
no nice Mikey lon
it's okay swing G oh my goodness this
grass can't do it at cut it's been asked
it's certainly doing it cutting come on
let's go let's go visit everyone go to
the frogs
let's go over see mini first little mini
tell him he's driver whoa hey look it's
gone
look a whole new area is growing up
look there's a couple little buttons in
there oh hey hey hmm they all went to
the Betsy's yesterday you wouldn't have
enjoyed it
there's a lot of needles in the neck
kind of things pointed be fine I had
planned actually I am coming here today
I got the waterproof camera and dropping
it in here did you guys like they today
I was like why don't I fill them first
in the mirror with this camera and then
make an excuse to swap them out and then
just like drop it in oh no froggies No
maybe they've all left or something gone
about their business elsewhere because I
can't see any wait a second what's that
you guys probably can't see anything
either
oh yeah oh my god I always felt then I'm
not joking you let's move away from here
hi guys mmm get these things so cool
I'll leave you to it here guys leave you
to it
Bufo Bufo Bufo tell his minds in a
secret garden you know it's like it's
all like built up and roughed up I know
it's roughed up come on seize any kitty
cats around here
Nikolas is upstairs oh nothing barbeque
is it still smoldering do you reckon oh
thank God I went out eventually
oh it smells nice
no just smells like Ashwin actually
smells nice where's the little leeward
thing there's a little everything
underneath here just like an air vent
oh great oh great I've ruined my hands
here are you going
torn in the hair long why she came into
our Tea Party nah oh oh oh
almost almost no no no no no panic oh
god it's like so torn II don't put on
the table I'm gonna do mm-hmm
all on TV okay so just went over there
to the food all right smudge needs to be
removed
yeah flush and part of the removal how
to be golden food I'd really appreciate
if I can eat all your food drag my foot
careful you might actually scratch you
if he gets upset Oh yuck hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
Wow
