I think my wife may have a case about a
DD look at this look at this crazy
packing shoes oh I have a DVD but look
at this oh my goodness that is crazy
I certainly will not be laying out my
clothes like this I don't dislike it
like two eyes and a smiley face oh I
hope okay me hmm my goodness didn't you
guys put out your stuff like this I on
the other hand let's see my my yeah this
is this is my pile that I'm bringing
I've got my shirts and my shorts and
stuff nice pile there that's my pile
that's the difference between boys and
girls men are from Venus and women are
from Noah men are from mars women are
from pieces
what's going on in here the door yeah
hey no no let's go let's go let's go
that's it you're grounded you know you
go there oh come on come on huh
mozz
who you Moses Shoom Shoom neurosis yeah
maybe they're right
the veteran said I wasn't gonna do any
harm
let's see if these survive the night
let's see you don't seem okay with Plan
C look into some more new ones putting
it on self Anna well that one didn't
actually do well but I'm if they survive
the next few days they'll definitely
survive the week we're in sorrento the
everyday that definitely seems good all
right
I hope so be really cool puppy
this area is closed this area is closed
for renovations I did see that somebody
gotta leave Oh
taking off they don't see you took it oh
how he's playing with them get Ravi fits
puppy
oh yeah good boy mr. puppy happy happy
it is yeah it's going on hunter there
who's going on in there Oh
chose to play alvey's up a be good
what's going on in here let's go ahead
and in here it's coming in here huh Oh
your head on the camera um what do you
have there
your mom's gonna take it from you oops
you just wash them doesn't matter you're
not coming - Sante Keim's you see a dog
wearing a pass every minute oh god
they're underneath heads being bumped
underneath there come on
thank you you know I don't like to meet
under there
Oh God when it comes out the site hi oh
is that what's under there I've never
even been under there 1 2
the bad
No what's your name
everyone I think she's trying to find
thing she wants to go for a pee or
something she doesn't know where to go
yeah yeah okay girl because I saw her
she's wandering in circles and I was
like I bet she's looking for the pee pad
alrighty dog you security give me
security on the door let's do this
what's over done you guys won't have a
little peep Oh No
change the battery pack Oh No oh crap
I've ever noticed with the introduction
to mobile you never get the Slama phone
down anymore you know it's like you got
your mobile phone and you like forget it
you slam it on a desk did actually Greg
hello oh sorry call Isaac
it doesn't matter help what help for
hard you do that it's not justified you
know you got actually dad I do
yeah yeah yeah
but don't even remember bones I could
leave me a comment if you've ever
slammed the phone down on someone I have
it's very 50 it's a very fulfilling
thing I remember where I worked in em
you guys even hear me everyone I worked
in this call center this is like going
back years ago I think it was like oh my
god 98 or something like that and it was
like when telecom Aaron floated and it
was like hello welcome to Telecom and
sharing information I was challenging
here because it was I one of the biggest
companies in Ireland damn was like
floating or something I like what they
did with Facebook and yes also like
Facebook it failed dramatically
afterwards and everyone lost all their
money
but um that's a different story Hannah
you sound but someone I think people
were so mean and I'd wonder like oh oh
and all I've like I'm just a fine you
know it's like could have another
headset on you and then the same I
talking today and I was like oh yeah I
was like on everyone started phone I was
like I'm hard you don't see oh but it's
just not same you know you get a little
smash into buying it you know my
grandfather's phone I remember we used
to hate going over to Grandma's house
because sometimes we'd have to call like
our cousins in the US and we go over the
song yeah what it is you know I call in
the US like zero zero what they need to
go to state
then the candles and any area calling
and finally the number like and it would
take you like about 20 minutes and
anybody like they'd be engaged or
something and he was like oh so
frustrating now it's just like it's like
would you like me to read out yes you
know yes you just tell your phone my
phone you can just talk to it I have it
turned off because I'm always afraid
I'll be in the middle of a conversation
I'd be like oh yeah you know it's like
my mom do today and it's something Fred
calling mom
you know say hello and back what ya
calling God hello arrives
we made it we made it
it is nice pink oh my god everyone's
gonna be winking at the wedding his
paint makes the boys week
control about it is cute thank the Lord
that arrived on time no I was getting
worried let's know it can be in my video
what's that
no it looks like a company thing it's a
nice company thing now send it back I'm
sorry Anna Stein is we live here
oh what's that
have you
this is for you it's for a man nice
Chanel allure home sport oh my goodness
did I just get my first product I love
where there's like no information it's
just like Nana's pony we realized your
husband smells bad so we've decided to
send you something we got a free freakin
Chanel yeah shouldn't you call it
fragrance man the ladies are gonna be
loving me they'd be like whoa he smells
like Chanel it's like her father's day
when sputters day
June sometime
I think the next thing is their own
reason actually I didn't at the light
season own a nice one we use the lights
already what we're seeing the lights
what is that
are you for real
I'm just happy I got my dress and it's a
really nice time at k1 time yeah cuz
they were all like sorry said it would
come tomorrow yeah and they've refunded
me the money that was actually nice and
I'm Elizabeth a sauce were like we're so
sorry but we know you paid extra for
shipping and everything for next day's
delivery but there's been a delay and
you've been refunded your money and
we're giving you a 10% discount please
don't hate us kind of thing and then it
actually came today which was the day
that it was supposed to come cuz they
told me it would take one more working
day which is tomorrow so that's pretty
impressive so now I can try it on and
see if it fits well it's a maternity
dress so always an actual maternity yeah
it's a sauce Maternity yeah so
um and I got a cute little people and I
got the doors you know have your suit
actually your suit would go really well
with the big boys might yeah cuz it's
like a dusty pink your tan suit what if
everyone realized that I wore that to my
wedding and then they are like is this
your wedding suit this decision to wear
to all weddings no cuz it's not like a
traditional wedding suit or tux or
anything you know it was kind of like we
played it kind of casually at that cause
I think it'll be really nice but I'm
gonna wear it with some nude heels and
some like little pink and gold
accessories no no she's not going to
follow she's not coming I got it I'll
put her dancers you look really pretty
look really tall you wouldn't even
notice you're pregnant actually turns on
you turn to the side
no not really not really like you do not
look pregnant
when I look at you like this you don't
oh my god you don't look pregnant
I do you don't tell her maybe bigger
yeah look like you're a big boobs McGee
but you don't look pranks
okay you doing love when you're closer
but not really not from a distance come
on this is you have to go downstairs
you must go down when everyone in here
it's safer for everybody you don't use
anyone mm-hm
okay let's try this again hopefully this
is charged long enough and then we'll be
able to shoot this video before the Sun
Goes Down before the Sun Goes Down when
you pop yeah you like that I think it's
probably Chanel shoe now I have worn not
Armani one for years so maybe it's time
maybe it's a slight maybe like the smell
police send that to me and Ted sir
this time you got a new smell oh no
lights are on bingo actually literally
no lights are on
that's better so I flush the toilet and
this explosion happened at here so I
thought let's investigate because I
think there could be something jammed
this could be absolutely disgusting wash
in the name of holy hell is that it
looks like a salmon what the heck what
are you stop don't even know were
supposed to be there oh my god
yeah um what in the name of God is that
isn't it huh thank you oh god it's
disgusting whatever okay so come back
with gloves okay see oh god no I don't
even want to know what that is
okay you you don't you don't want to see
this don't know wait oh my god
I'm never gonna be a plumber fixed here
even worse like well you know that list
has making barbecues and growing plants
now we need to deep shower my entire
life we got themselves a big bone who
got themselves a big bone mmm who's that
Albie that's been around for months tell
him just lying around the house
you enjoy that you enjoying that tasty
bone
Oh Oh yum yum yum Enya is Oki Oh Pengy
being a bone see no no Hannah felt sorry
for her because she found that phone it
was at the top of the stair em and then
I brought and she would always come up
and like start munching on it and then
yeah yeah I know secret
nube then I brought it down for her but
then all the other puppies got it and
she was really like that was my little
secret she's gonna get up there yeah so
I think she's cleaned it or something
yeah I think they looked yoghurt you
just see like look the curtains just
sort of shade the lampshade just Rutan
is over yes so awesome I love this
mirror
it's so cool unless you see what this
your eyes though you see that to me
looking Drive is it Joey you guys see it
looks like that
anyway it's get a GPS King giggles I'll
swipe her cards and I'll show you now
but it's just fun to go this is what I
got here like the finepix X 30 40 mega
pixels wide zoom 2.7 LCD this is it here
it is like really heavy compared to the
actual vlog cameras you can see the
housing here where the camera and the
card going locks in there safe at the
720p so it doesn't need 1080p but it was
so heavy you know I got it in this like
crazy green because I was like look I'm
I'm not about like like the vlog cameras
like subtle and black cause I don't want
it to sign out I want it to be subtle so
I can record as much as I can but this
bad boy like when I sleep in there
and when I mess around in the sea like
you like dropping because this will sink
to that although look it has this thing
it has a GPS and signal built into it so
a constantly broadcasted signal so I fed
your software where so I'm gonna hook it
up to my phone which will connect to it
so that when it when I lose it in the
Amalfi Coast be able to find it using my
phone hopefully hopefully look
waterproof shockproof freeze proof dust
proof this is the kind of thing that you
want for daily vlogging the only problem
is and I don't even know if you've
noticed but the quality is dramatically
different like it say it is 720 and it
is 14 megapixels and this Canon actually
I think this is only 12 million this is
only 12.1 megapixels but the lens it's
all about the lens this is like an F 3.5
whereas the Canon here is gonna have two
point eight makes a huge difference you
know the shorter this has got a stereo -
oh my account it does do the camera here
is 24 P at 1080p you know maybe this is
like 30 at 720 and this is a lot because
the processor CCD there's a CMOS there's
a lot of differences but this bad boy
here is awesome this is a really really
good camera because it's unbreakable um
we get a hammer and try it just test in
case I win just in case I win and I was
gonna do like an unboxing thing in awe
like I've never done
boxing and stuff but then em look
YouTube but and I taught me more fun
just to like drop it in water you know
I'm thinking I don't want to see the
sewers I was like oh my god I just drop
it in the Suren and I was like no no no
Joe fee doc Trafford in deserves with
all the disgusting isms you know a
student a nice clean warm water but how
much fun are we gonna have on the beach
in Sorrento yes oh my god underwater
blogs
time's up Brenda water block hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the sakuni Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
