don't be mean to each other I heard some
Screaming there I don't like that he's
newbies mm-hmm are you bullying Theo you
put entails
hey tuna sucks good girl you know what
guys I came damn this morning and there
were a Kenya at 7:00 there were no
peepees anywhere except for on the pee
pee pads oh my god and then I came down
again at 9:00 and there were peepees
like there was I think one in the
hallway so that's really good like there
are eight weeks on Wednesday and they're
already getting to be toilet trained
like obviously they're doing it on the
pee pee pads or not it's like we can't
let the mid side but do you hear that
wind anyways so I thought I'd be all
summery and drew a caprese sandwich and
it's like freezing cold I've got booth
boost bumped I've got goose bumps look
can you see ah hey um and joke this just
got his hair cut so make my sandwich now
with my food doctor and my tomatoes on
my mozzarella and my salt and my olive
oil okay let's go and there we go
there's been little sandwich just put
the little hat on um you know what I
just realized though this caprese does
not compare to the ones in Sorrento and
by the time when we get to Sorrento next
next week um I am just gonna be like we
get home and like if we order mozzarella
or any any food not even just mozzarella
or tomatoes we're gonna be like holy
moly this is so much better than at home
and then we'll come back we won't want
to eat anything because it will all
taste disgusting
but right now I'm hungry so I am going
to eat this who's the cutest little
puppies in all the land
secure yourself up he's in all the land
mmm you can see cute puppies normal and
yeah I am alright let's go
you gotta get the puppies outside come
on guys kids Marco babies gotta hide do
you come on let's go let's go let's go
come on you gotta make me carry you
aren't you thickest just get one of them
forget I'll be a senior at a curiosity
will probably follow
oh sorry Anka hmm okay let's go
go boy go boy no I'll be Cena out out
out out out out out out out out out
editor editor editor get girl HM up
careful careful
good dogs puppy pees gonna do it to each
other
Oh aren't you gonna get you together
look that's so cute
you're too easy to get up no wait a
moment that in okay let's go and and and
and and and in a minute and don't know
in slack up up rocked it locked up tight
got help guys
Oh perfect perfect yeah that's exactly
what I want because it's a summertime in
all you know I know
wait a second oh my god what the hell oh
my god it's been a crash or something oh
my goodness for like two o'clock on a
Monday oh crap this is crazy I see
everyone else going like oh my god what
the heck I wonder when trouble went the
other way if I'd known would have gone
the other way anyway my joke about the
ice cream thing is because this is
summer now that's it that's it summer's
only somewhere in Ireland is a good day
I do enjoy that summer day we have some
summers one day yeah we it's over I'm
back to like mmm back to the woollens
summer is over just as well if we
weren't going away we would be so
depressed right I know you'd be like oh
my god and listen to me
if I hear rumors of like a crazy Sun
week while we're in sorrento like I
expect rain every single day okay and I
want tweets off oh it's so horrible and
rain even it is lovely and sunny
don't you dare tweet me that is lovely
my girl be serious trouble I like this
it is like got a checkpoint
is that the old court has two summers at
City Hall
I don't know at the church two pillars
so what's the bad guys leave your bets
now and we'll find out in a few minutes
if the lights have arrived to the popo
box because they'll be pretty sad if
they have not arrived won't it yeah yeah
we'll have a dark we dar dark Fest
there's already some fashion videos this
week in the Starlight huh
whoo Pro fashion hi I'm just I'm whooing
at myself I just move up here now thanks
but uh yeah cuz I we just did lots of
like sort of we've needed to tag one
last week because we're like on her
guard we try to UM when it was out
Monday or cheat whenever we did the
GlossyBox one did you see how dark that
video was and it was like I was like oh
and then we found this cool spot on the
bed which is really bright and it's like
nice so we've been just kind of using
that spot but I'd like to see some
fashion videos but we need lights for
that okay we're outside the Popo you
guys want to come in now you have to be
super quiet okay I don't want a noisy
bunch right dink don't they behave well
okay guys I'm or any extra noise I'll be
super quiet let's get the key ready so
we can sneak in all right now Shh your
best behavior
there you go well I think that the
lights
I think I might be yeah I'm a ciccone
juror Jonathan scum John the Elvis
contigency NASA College only puppies the
correct Oh what is that
and it was the lights whoo yeah
now I had to uh how to open this thing
but it's like super run delay what oh
well all the peas there there's nothing
no else oh my god we have solved the
problem I even saw Bianca orange man
over there join over there into the
toilet and she did it Wow seven weeks
old
and they're trained boom world record
let's open this bad boy up he is a
banker
yeah of course so obsessed with coming
inside mm-hmm well I put your pots and
everything in here 100 pots other ones
floating around yeah did he go ahead
okay bye hi I'll bring yeah I'll bring
it right inside uh
whatever luck seed oh nice
it's a little bit different but it's the
same thing essentially finally okay
I assume it's supposed to make that kind
of a sound there we go we got 150 watt
one as well that's using an 80 watt one
so I've got 150 watt one or you got two
of them actually
so am yay ready oh nice white light
hello I noticed with deep ones I'm kind
of losing um see where I'm gonna lose a
small percentage oh look at that
that's kind of cool oh wait a cameras
try to a fix it but see I'm losing some
of it look Boop whoa sounds like a fade
see I'm kind of losing some of it um
down there can I like put this off here
and open expose this part oh because I
don't want to lose any of the light no
whew I'm pretty well have a second one
but you live for the moment let's say
let's build the whole thing back up
there we go and you see the way it works
guys is it's reflective so when you turn
it on boom see it's more powerful inside
this little box because it's actually
reflective on see it bounces the light
off it just quite a cool thing just
quite a cool thing see to hook up the
second one and we are ready to shoot
some movies even though movies is not
what you do
where's my little princess where's my
little princess he's my little princess
in the little princess bed he's my
little princess in the princess bed Oh
huh he's a good boy Ellie uses you go
boy Le Coq jeez come on I can't hear
this I'm trying to do this all right
but I'm dying I need a copy one night's
sleep is all I ask
citizen is managing four puppies in two
dogs and one to managing one baby or is
one baby going to be more we're gonna
have less sleep or more sleep
what do you think what do you think
whoo nice job cleaner is there someone
in there hmm I don't know yellow master
Mina the Nestor that's your new name oh
my goodness
you can sleep it but tonight guys is
tonight that is Game of Thrones night
special on TV because it's the only show
left auntie okay the killing is still on
Mad Men believe you watching Mad Men
this season
I just I don't know maybe it's just
Betty Draper is Nana but our Betty
even her name now that's just it's not
good good season at all I'm sorry sorry
about that mm no that first moment when
you open a new one Oh
this time next week what time is it it's
that time somehow that's up it's about
to freckles past the hair I'll be in
Sorrento well I yeah we arrived at
eleven oh my god guys they asked we got
a car to pick us up the hotel is going
to send a car for us to meet is that the
arrivals in Naples airport and drive us
to our hotel in Sorrento and you're like
Oh mr. Julian why am i speaking in
French actions I don't know um somebody
at someone who said they asked us what
you want so I said time I was like Oh
Quinn a saucony Jolie's and they were
like okay they're just gonna do whatever
I say you know so when we come out the
arrivals entrance it's gonna be a guy
they're looking at banner saying ciccone
Jolie's on it is not gonna be on so you
guys gonna go try and turn around record
like and before we leave the arrival
just real coming at you know right you
know in airports is always like the door
that brings you into like the arrival
thing after you get the bike and so and
it should be some guy there mr. Cody
Jolie sign it's not so good I do it's
got awesome
this gets a coffee you know someone said
to me in the comments am yesterday what
I was saying at Nicholas Naza
Bonjour Nicolas you're saying oh you
need a French accent really well I think
when you act it reclines the press was
open when doing accent I think like a
large percentage of doing the accent is
actually becoming you never been able to
like you know you mean draw in the
culture of the language you know like if
you were to say like you know buongiorno
it's like up on Journal you know they're
gonna know but if you like
engulf become Italian buongiorno a tutti
fruitti and I come a $2.00 bottle to
porta port O'Call a potto tapa tapa tapa
whatever Piron I mean like if you would
speak a foreign language at me there you
know some like German you know I
remember and mr. braids hair parade was
my German teacher in school and he saw I
say to me like you know not just to say
like you know Ines by dry fearful
zette even not you know to actually like
you know ein-zwei-drei fair food you
know to be able to like properly
pronunciate there were recommends
imbeciles for crinkles you know and I
just thought that's the best way like
our Spanish is Spanish and holder I know
in Spanish yeah what's that thing when
you get out of the taxis it's like a way
you go astray so ii like after away go
black up go away go or like hmong
spambot Helana after luego hasta luego
you know I don't know I could be crazy
I couldn't people French German Spanish
people and how to get was like what's
his crazy man begin call us at our toll
and say was like yeah you guys were like
credits to talk to you
cuz I've taught you ah he may come up
you know he had to let us at aho
you know like in Scotland as well like
you know like my my my husband's my
husband's boyfriend my mom's boyfriend
talks like he does the same like he
talks like I thought icon like he's
really like he's from Dorney so he's got
a real deep Scottish you know he's a
huge I think you guys have seen he's a
huge guy you know and he's like you know
I talk on house record John hot rods
Robert you never really know what he's
saying but you know he's saying
something Scottish why do you like it
coffee smell thanks
he's like the longest coffee making in
history because we broke into a
conversations about languages
oh yeah it's probably enough actually
sometimes I'd like to give it a little
swivel you see as it's going down that
way to kind of get all the coffee on the
sides otherwise you tend to just get the
coffee and then it kind of leaves all
the stuff on the outside you kind of
miss Nana
I tell you I don't want to miss that in
anything I'm gonna spit up dance
annoying me
oh I'm gonna miss out this little bit
here Oh God Oh No Oh poopy bill puffy
what are you doing enough of me hi guys
oh my goodness did you just run up here
did she just run up the stairs did she
just run up the stairs
hello little puppy you know little puppy
oh my god I can't believe she just ran
up the stairs Tina
it will be knees run up the stairs huh
do you want the stairs I just really
wanted to get home quickly look pretty
get down oh my god
oh my goodness they have evolved huh
haven't you are you lazy bumped you any
Queenan see I just really wanted to say
hi mom hmm I haven't been up here in
Seoul oh she was like at the last step
and every in the comments always saying
is never upset huh because yeah but
that's the thing like you guys don't
know I'll be as well as we know Alby you
guys have your own relationship with
Albert we just just understand I guess
how he's fine
Neera exactly I know I'll be like if you
get I'll be a no-fly car he'll just
start going on a toast as well and it
seen and that's just who he is like he
loves them like look yeah yeah like
having fun because they can obviously
speak in human terms so you can't be
like oh she must have gotten afraid
thank you well she's pretty scared on
her own there she's happy now pre-make
yeah
whoa whoo Oh Shania Jeff and I was the
same with Tina when she came along first
exactly the same you guys excited for
next week
you guys excited to go on holidays
you're gonna see Monty Monty Monty we
remember one team is Monty I was just
talking to Monty's mommy
Oh
oh that's I was just talking to Monty's
mommy Oh evil probably crawling on you
and she said that was a she out he's
gonna happen run of the house oh my
Carol I am trying to say telephone
you're a nice doggie and she said you
can have the run of the house and you
guys still remember him your dog's best
friend on Facebook yes your ass your
dog's best friend your pets best friend
and you guys yeah at the wedding time
remember you can go over and like their
Facebook page and I'll put it on to my
facebook page and later on during the
week and you guys can go over and if you
like them what they did last year is
that they put up loads of photographs if
you guys remember during your wedding
time pitiful pictures and everything
today
it's run by a friend of mine and she
owns a company so that's why we really
like it because it's not just some sort
of stranger danger you know it's
actually somebody I know oh and she has
her own dog there how much they like
Monty you like Monty Monty small might
spawn chicks remember that last year
monkey silver Smurf oh that's the
hardest thing though as the hardest part
of going away I'm gonna miss them so
much
yeah yeah I just hope that the puppies
don't grow up and we're away don't do
anything first don't say your first word
or do something like that don't fall in
love with them okay
she's just thought she cares of it you
have plenty of food downstairs you don't
need to feed em but I just want to see
what it tastes like I've never tasted
that before suggesting this but it's not
really men sit corn
when it looked like names and taste like
mints and smells like mint so it kind of
like names please
hey you doing their work around Rome we
also got some maggoty mud Yeti be any
party winner most complicated things to
make almost is complicated toast toast
well it's a hole in our game putting it
in pressing the button trying trying to
figure out what number to put it on oh
oh my god so complicated do unita my
toast my live you're like a chef
 Jabari I always thought when I was
younger like chef Barry no I was all
like why is it's not like a friendship
foursome plan what sound like it the
puppies have been great quiet where are
they what's your dog's what is this what
is this what are you doing up there oh
god oh god who that who is that I think
there's someone else in there yep
someone else in there what are you doing
you guys fascinated by this huh
he's fascinating man I feel it's the
underground
ah hey hey Oh Paula can you put on no oh
my god the puppy is the camera
me yeah I have the camera please excuse
me papi may I have the camera please
excuse me please
yeah oh my god you guys are covered in
slobber hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
