so there's a rumor that we were in the
Sun this morning someone tweeted me
about it so I'm like okay I'm sure go
and check it out shorts t-shirts guys I
really do that kind of sailor thing but
I've always got out of it like blue and
Sarah Lanie
Thanks yummy home mango and passion
fruit because I think when we get back
from Sorento we're gonna actually start
they're juicing again let's all say
Nana's like I miss the kind of juicing
sounds like maybe when we get back cuz
that's what kicks started last year all
right let's see thanks is that Kim
Kardashian yeah flashy on Kardashian
baby talk of my Irish couple to webcast
about its kind of dirt though no with
the color of the thingy oh my god why is
it all about you
picture pictures a little picture of
trophy I think it's because the lady
sells the paper it's kind of cool when I
read it I'm sure we did a loud standoff
situation I can't open that one this is
the only one to come in this is the only
one
it's cuz they love you it's because they
love you
come on Abby let's go come on come on
come on we looking up there for roof oh
I dare lift you it I failed
everyone you said you said the whole
house you said the whole house you're
missing one room because you do you know
what it is
it's my new wardrobe extension no it's
not it is you said that you were gonna
fix my wardrobe love making a baby so
what do I have to do just we do want it
though no well not now okay we need to
get this door open - vacuum cleaner in
we're not letting the puppies out here
this is my new pointing device it's kind
of cool though so everybody somebody
have you talked have you spoken to mom
today what what everyone survives my
barbecue Oh nobody yeah so nobody got
salmonella poisoning or anything so
that's promising
oh no it
yes where's Abby you never comes there
was a rush
someone stops I didn't see her eyes but
they're like you can see the French be
good dog Cena's gonna get annoyed now
don't be a grumpy one
don't be a grump 100 mm mm yeah look I
clean all the poo poos away nice where's
all the puppies oh wow these are these
are the ones that got set over here I'm
talking about you're like oh you never
appreciate anything I do well it's
better not doing anything
yeah like then I just have to redo
everything just a factor that's the
problem you always do that you know no
no these are lies these are lies it's
not the fact that I'm half doing things
oh come here
even see you how did you get it look I
found EDS I've talked that I have I do
them to my fall capacity and then it's
just not good enough for you is it me so
you don't mean it in and then what do I
do
you're encouraging me to not bother
doing anything because you're like well
we're gonna have to just go
you do it I know you're gonna stitch a
slob like god you're such a slob gee
would you ever like so in the future you
see the way we just praised her that's
what you should do when I do a chore you
should be like good boy Joey happy and
then pee somewhere else well you never
know
that's because of the encouragement I do
jobs to my full capacity and they are
fantastic
you're just an unsatisfied an
unsatisfied person look at the tree him
sitting there
where's the port one no no no no no no
no no it's full of slugs and stuff I
don't know what to do it in this is the
week lads Wow
not this week mm-hmm their final ones
your final injections this week guys
sometime in the future
oh good person who pees I know I need my
foot so we are making dinner if I have
lines across my face it's good hi out
fell asleep I was on the side of my face
and then kind of play kind of weird my
anyways that happens a lot to me um hey
Tina we are making we're making court
korma as I like to call it with corn
instead of chicken so that's what we're
having tonight I have some basmati rice
on the go Liam and here we have some
corn corn chicken pieces to be
and some red peppers and I'm gonna add
in some spinach as well because my
doctor was like you're not a vegetarian
are he was like fresh pescetarian is
that bad he was like no he was like you
know usually we tell pregnant women by a
bit this time you know like well I
actually took her into a tree she said
like by the half way you have to kind of
watch your iron intake and usually tell
pregnant women to eat more red meat well
if you don't eat red meat is like eat
like dark leafy greens and you know so
spinach there's like tons of spinach so
I'm trying to eat less fish which I kind
of do anyway cuz I like spinach but what
else and then my mom was here with her
friend who's kind of like man a friendly
family friend nothing what are you doing
out there oh oh no no uh-uh
oh my god the picture of justice she was
going and um she put a halfway mid-air
do you propose chip it was on the run or
I'm a rock only thing the right place
see on these are alone all right I'm on
poop Patrol right now okay okay
so ever thing my puppies all decided to
poop at the same time and I was like ah
and then I'm gonna like cook at the same
time which is a gross so I I've been
washing my hands like probably about 20
billion times a day because you know you
need to keep your hands clean and
actually probably at some hand sanitizer
just for like to mind my hands cuz my
they're gonna get really dry but anyways
and then you should disinfect and
everything so but yeah this is coming
along nicely
yummers actually really really like
these corn chicken pieces they're good
I'm gonna add the cumin out but um as I
was saying before I was rudely
interrupted is that my mom was over and
look she brought danishes and some apple
strudel I had apple strudel
and then we had coffee and look guys I
have this iPhone covered that I really
want to use and actually my mom's friend
was saying that um she has an iPhone
because we're thinking of getting I came
for us and Jonathan is kind of been like
at me like I'm the one who was like not
doing it you know I'm like hesitant but
he's like come on like that new phones
you know our phones are well so she my
one it does not work anymore it's like a
really old iPhone 3G I think I know but
anyways my mom's friend is on the same
plan that we want to move to she has an
iPhone 4 and she said it's worth it it's
definitely worth it because he it's more
I think it's like 40 a month or
something whereas I the reason why I was
hesitant is because I only spend like 20
a month on mine right now because I'm
with pay-as-you-go and you have to do
bill pay in the beginning but she said
it's only for the first like 18 months
or something so she said it's definite
and actually moving to pay as you go so
she said it's really worth it and I saw
I found my iPhone cover the pupcake
Thank You cupcake one that I got by
accident last year and I was like it's
meant to be amazed to have an iPhone 4
you know because we're leaning I getting
that galaxy thing as well I think
Jonathan was talking about that but my
phones are like cooler no how did you
know I should go for a walk
they keep toys and begun to keep toys
Erica
100 times
I must not break out the puppies let's
go this time next week Nene's will be in
a hotel in Dublin score she booked all
of hers and then we don't have a Visa
Card
yeah that's the problem this morning the
world will take laser card although
aren't they getting they're bringing in
debit really UK we used to have Visa
Debit which is much better it's so
stupid like cuz I don't I don't want
have credit yes it's like so what you're
penalized because you don't want credit
debt and that's it you're penalized for
it that's stupid
so that's why I did credit debit cards
that they have in UK or brilliant put
their visa cards but they come directly
to accounts there's no credit you can
keep your credit huh what is they don't
pop into it I'm gonna penis it's my pool
now
okay daddy is doing well
running exercise the top you can Cena
look like sheep I feel like if we lived
here I feel like if we lived here we
probably would let them off but I don't
know the air I mean I don't know in that
well I don't know that didn't get that
you tripped over seen I know do it again
oh I thought that was a bale of hay for
ages when we want you the last time it
was dark and I thought it was a bale of
hay I was like why is it bale of hay in
the middle of the grass he's randomly
and in like a suburban looking at this
side like yeah see the junction box
inside I know it's actually a good trick
of concealing it the other thing I
wanted to stay there but we got all cut
up and the dogs and the walkies was em
you know what our plan is right is that
myself and I are going to drive to
Dublin on Saturday isn't it yeah sound
Sunday Sunday morning where all the
bikes the bikes from almost all I am an
Erica
and myself and I met Eric and I know
America mama style I are actually taking
the train up to Dublin so we'll all meet
up that means that they don't have to
bring any bags with them and because
we'll have all the dogs us will try them
anyway plus I can't fit the treat and
plus all the bike anyway so I was like
when I take all the bikes we're all
staying in the same hotel in the airport
the night before anyway so that's the
plan I think it's good idea you guys
want to go for a little night time drive
look there's no other charge but we
decided to make the big long walk to get
along it's got red wheels nice take the
bonus turn I was tight but I made it I
feel kind of bad we're not fine about
when you buy these things all the time
it's like the dry nights it's like we go
up to the cash register puts intruder
party nothing that's like done if you
got a bed wetter it's like no they're
actually for my puppies which actually
tell them didn't we is that it's
actually effective for me I did what my
bedroom has a kid did you want your man
your kid so not the kind of thing you'd
admit to the entire world
oops you'd be covered if you pat your
head it happens it happens you know
there's just a fight all the time so I
think it's just in it I think it's just
when you're like a kid or something and
it's anticipation or you know when
you're kind of worried about stuff I
think that's what brings that on I don't
know I'm not a child psychologist or
anything I'll tell you what I am is
super tired you know you're super tired
you don't really know what's going on in
the world isn't that right
just like in a daze I'm dazed and
confused that's a good film if you
haven't seen it you should check it out
she rented some time get a friend order
a pizza
watch it you have a good time
trust me wait around when I get some
fart Fellini
it looks like part what do we got here
well this looks too healthy and boring I
will buy your coffee but I'm
disappointed I'm still disappointed guys
because I still have yet to get my free
Lancet that's to free lattes they oh
it's okay mr. Starbucks okay we should
save them up the next time we're in the
UK
you should get loads of lattes I gots a
crisp oh yeah which ones are you gonna
go it
it's not cool though humdinger should
that's a real humdinger
that's the name of it but it has good
yogurt sweet face Oh
sound like a cereal I just want to feel
it I want to feel it so I know did you
get this little pink band ideal for
lunch boxes Serio toppings and home
baking mm-hmm I like I like lunch box of
cereal I'm home baking it seemed like it
is a different in there a date of things
that you like dried fruit yeah I don't
really like dried food I find it a bit
dry which is very ironic but I would
find dry food dry but I do
do you like right feet give me a comment
if it's not make a stop too much hassle
if it is too much hassle
I completely understand don't worry
about it
you know I'm thinking like these are
actually really good guys I had one of
those I got oh my god they're amazing
I'm gonna try this V chili okay did you
get me the cheddar ones what that's
crazy
those two flavors more expensive huh
how's the cheese like it's a chili is
the chili chili but we'll be able to
kiss you bought the originals first I
find the cheddar ones and this feature
will have a really good would be a
really good solid reviewing out you know
we've really done our homework
that's what I was thinking because I
hate to say I'm getting a little bored
of the cheeky burgers you know when you
eat something all the time you do give
in to get bored of it chicken style
burgers think they're better for you
they're lower in families
tasty meat free source of protein well
give it a go Jiki Jiki corn burgers they
teach icky corn burgers you can start
like a song sir but oh hey hey there you
two let's see if this is like alright
guys I'm gonna give this to go hey no
look you just wrapped in something and
she comes over kisses guess I don't care
what it is just give this all right
second oh my god what's going on there
that white poppy fight Oh God
get outta control alright let's have a
look
sweet chilli version the chili isn't
like there therefore I think so far
through the salty ones you had it the
other day were better you know because
obviously trying to have to keep it like
low saturated fats on it kinda stuff
they didn't put a lot chili in them but
okay it's pretty it's pretty good like
just maybe I'm maybe there's chatter
wants you better it's coming on here
there's none for you seeing these
there's none for you you there what's
going on huh
what's gone Cena that hurts
oh oh don't we worry like that
no we worried about that
all right seeing them sing them a
nighttime song Alby farewell goodbye
we're the Von Trapps
we're Devon traps and one at a time
mm-hmm dope pulling thread la a note to
follow so me was me again come on guys
every wants to take a bite everyone has
to say goodbye say goodbye martyr he
ever have to say a bite you mean the
Smurfs all that oh goodness oh it's
going crazy I love you okay bye
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
