tired day guys I'm so worn out
oh you guys worn out huh are you are you
yeah are you yeah yeah this day next
week we'll be packing up packing up our
troubles heading to the beautiful
relaxing amazing a mouthy post it cannot
come soon enough guys
and so then let's get the chi-chi's on
the cheeky cheeky zunda cheeky I don't
care that that girl is dirty okay I
don't care nice thanks
I have no idea why I'm using a dish
cocktail now cuz it's nothing it's hot
that's up that's kind of worn in man can
always buy in a cheeky burger yeah
burgers Luise later cutie a little cutie
pie
guys you wanna grab ten little puppies
then stop drinking the milk and totally
have to do that cooler you guys want to
guys you got to stop drinking the milk I
know them bones them bones need calcium
the most among free calcium but actual
change of plan guys I was gonna do the
act summer holiday thing today but just
ran out of time and stuff so I'm not
getting a chance we're gonna do the
actual seven deadly sins video and as
you can see I'm all dressed up half
dressed up I'd like to do
did you can't see behind it that's the
trick you see this is what you can see
here we see we won't be able to see you
at the other side of me bingo bingo
bango okay let's get to it
the robots I've taken over the world
you guys watch this it's a space X
dragon capsule about yes this is live
from space guys I thought blog TV was
cool these guys are doing it live from
space from NASA how awesome is that it's
a private owned like space like a launch
of a private room thing not like
government they actually managed to dock
with the International Space Station
that's gonna lead to some pretty awesome
stuff because you know I know what I
like they're gonna try and do and that's
a question I have to ask you guys if you
could write let's say you had the money
cuz I know it's like 100,000 or 200,000
at the moment to buy a ticket on the
Virgin space rocket thing but if money
was an option okay and you had an
opportunity to get a ticket okay to go
to space on one of these commercial
space flights would you do it you know
like would you do it like it's there's
got to be like kind of risk involved and
it's kind of scary but then at the same
imagine the hell's going on out there
imagine me name to look at your planet
like to go I'm not sure how far the
commercials I know that go into orbit
you know but like imagine looking at the
winner like I hope you have like a big
observation deck that you can sit there
you know like I hate flying
because it's just so like crazy right
open the sky as I you know I'm not like
sitting there like crying like a baby
the whole time but I'm just I just like
just like just be in the red waiting for
the captured install how are you let me
just check that up there step 1
okay Diaby copy new hit me but would you
do it leave me comments below if you
would actually do it go into space
boldly go where no man has gone before
wait a second plenty of people living in
space before oh yeah
boldly go where no vlog I wonder where
the first vlog will be the first YouTube
vlog to be in error space you know the
first person like cuz there's a lot of
bloggers in the planet now and I wonder
who's gonna be the first one to actually
vlog in space I'm not saying I don't why
I don't I'm not saying I want to be that
guy you know I'm what I'm saying I could
you imagine someday that'll happen you
know gonna be a maybe me lady watching
this going like oh gosh remember that
time you were talking about going into
space we've all different space now hey
no baby baby baby it's so big it's like
massive oh my goodness look the little
line thing is starting guys look you can
barely see it it's really faded but look
you can't you see it's like what is that
they're like what's the technical term
for that
oh um then they are Negro I think well
what is it like your belly is your
stomach parking in half or something
what is it darling does it go away yeah
it's so weird like you're making yeah I
know what babe what has changed
it's becoming an Audi yeah it's more
like I don't know it's weird it's not an
Audi but it's like getting there
how does it become a nanny is that like
the baby the pressure to baby like
pushing it out so how's your day being
Xena
oh let me tell you no reason fire pops
is no more feet jump I could feed them
in Iran didn't I hit there between
underneath floor and he needs to go a
little cleaning up the bottoms oh no did
she oh God
cuz I found like what are the calorie
count and poops no I found something why
would you eat half clean up you know
yeah - you know who's here I try and get
there before she gets them explain to me
why you eat the poop see that thank you
hit the movies it's nature's knockout
that's a channel on YouTube Nicole
Watterson's is there a little snackaroo
kisses people owe me
Rosi the vacuum cleaner nothing here
abandoned well vacuum in toilets no
me in the bathroom like gives you the
damn stairs one and the big one and then
I'm done for the day
I think we should probably walk out the
anything yeah PS just heat wave this
crap again today we just get the done
deal Donaghy you know you guys see the
ID for done deal have you seen that idea
the guy you like oh yeah it's so funny
he's like you wanted selling her husband
I think it's only gonna work if you're
in Ireland oh because obviously it's
regional base ID thing evolving but it's
really funny
have you seen it she are you hanging out
are you hanging out oh I heard that that
was cool
you're a big one
hmm so you yeah that's me
huh I was like wow I was a huge one once
that means are lazy there I didn't see
that you can obviously feel it what's
better then we can see it well
facilitation yeah oh oh whoa yeah that's
her
oh my god that was crazy what was that a
head or something oh my god I can feed
her we're here if you feel like it maybe
she's moved but it was like it's a huge
solid object and it doesn't believe me
but I swear to god I can hear him he'll
other things
what's that give you the movements like
fleshlings of water and stuff you can
what she's telling me secrets their
privacy goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness
who's this we should go Bubbe oh what's
going on let's give it up yeah they're
all annoyed cuz you got up here you got
up here huh oh my god Anna they're all
up you have Mar one
oh come on oh look who spotted us
you know you know Oh a dependent have to
notice
whoa spin
a little along the grassy knoll mingling
yes any grass it's nice way from the
forest nice and sunny you want to eat
the grass how'd your dogs lick grass
you get yourself a little bobbin huh
okay class we come here come here
go boy go boy this is bad this is better
now you can see the puppies when they
come at you yeah praising sorry I think
oh my god
Wow hello Nicholas
hello Nicholas Bonjour Nicolas Bonjour
Bonjour Nicolas you know Icicle Nicolas
Sarkozy but now I feel like I can't
because he's not the president anymore
oh can I doubt I think is that ibn Sina
I think it is oh my God look at these
things they're so cool huh
hunty Nikki I can't get Nikki so I can't
bring their dog you got here let's pop
over and say hello to mini maestro huh
did you said you'd use me you're a kid
oh I used to love getting these things
right and just
boy that was fun that was trilling guess
what even never laughs Livia I think
it's Nevaeh can climb the stairs
oh no I'm freedom actually climb mister
yesterday as well I wasn't Monteux leus
let's see if we got any frogs let's
check for frogs four frogs when a frog
Patrol do you see anything guys doesn't
look like it look like it when are from
Wendie frogs hatch I feel like it should
be soon then oh my God look oh my god
even notice about the frog spawn a new
frog spawn I wasn't there before
Froggy's come on froggies troy herself
did you hear that
my tree is very creaky the creaky tree
comedic cats ate all the problems good
happen was that he's on in Dublin
it may come if you hear about a Googler
what do you Google Grafton Street Dublin
lizard man lizard man screen see ya
boyfriend Eric the lizard so perfect
together them you'd have a little baby
lizard got a special dessert do you know
what it is do you know what it is make
you see then they get again the HTC One
or the Samsung Galaxy s3 you think I
should get that one I like that because
it's got a big screen but there HTC One
X is supposed to be like with a powerful
ISM be sort of comment dose I've never
had a guy at Samsung Galaxy SIII have
had a really I like I think they come in
white though just don't plan out of it
well I have no plans on squeezing my
phone myself what has been put before me
I get it especially for Joe Pass I
looked through the camera and go do it
what the hell check on a choco pot oh my
god how many times have we looked at
that it's not like no no a human cannot
buy that seven million calories
woody crap oh my god
contains an unseen amount of unhealthy
foods number of servings per pack what
are you talking about serving six
servings I just so must be some sort of
a mistake there
when serving for months I've often
wondered what this is what's in here
it's got more teasers in here brownies
ice cream cream oh my god it's got
toffee don't eat at all now now we can
go peepees huh
now we can go peepees a little difficult
oh all right here we go guys not
pleasant and they blow back into your
mat it's funny
oh look oh right wasn't this a thing
this is a buttercup
this is a buttercup is this the thing
where you put under your chin and it
does something oh my god it smells like
a buttercup
oh sorry Alvey didn't see you
oh sorry see knees see these having a
poo poos do you guys see this look we're
in a huge trees here fell down that
crazy we're huge trees one of these like
huge ones
Oh fell down the jug fell that way he'll
be showing me a little he little bobbin
yeah are you busy
see how they can see again well kinda
you can see better than he could without
the bombing I'll be brought a friend in
I'll be let me see a little friend here
with this nice this little slug here
flood watch oh you're all blurry Oreo
jumped to what seems like you know
that's so cool oh no look I just lean
one hair leave you know he's a slugger
Simon Simon the slug is a super cutie
pie he's a super cutie pie do you run
around with that huh how he's much
happier though thing now cuz you can see
huh
forgiveness how cute is this like the
minor house treats
I'll be Sina Livia nuvvula Theo and
Bianca where is Nev oh jeez she runs the
stairs she can she can do that now hmm
oh here she is yeah
which into the cage I know a joke about
just crazy now you're crazy they're
crazy
come on let's go hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
