get this carry on huh look at this carry
on who's gotten really good look at
those two look at you up here on the
bear huh little invader the claimer yeah
maybe as everyone else did uh-huh
isn't that the cutest thing yeah did he
do
could you up there huh did you huh
huh I can't even see anything getting
you okay ah me man
Oh Alvey come on Oh mom's there now
you're in trouble you've got a puppy
growing out of you don't you love it but
it's ready don't you love it when it's
really sunny outside
driving along you've got a beautiful
blonde by your side you got some tunes
and a radio look at the air
the pier I love when it's sunny you see
water it just makes you feel like that
you feel nice that's it
Thunder bad summer and something about
summer and water someone oh yeah guys
what you reckon the cotton so I'm just
just test driving my Sorento clothes
I'll bring her out for a quick spin and
it's gonna give my cousin yeah how to
organize your husband's messy disgusting
no I just
I'll we just call ahead working at your
husband's aisle because I do I just have
a pile of clothes and every time I go
there I get depressed cuz and yes the
other day wasn't it was the yesterday
when it fell over
yeah I say the whole thing just like
fell over and it was like just an
explosion a volcano of clothing I was
like know what I did find Kings tonight
he's like oh my god months that's where
it was so I didn't say she's going to
take it on and herself to actually
organize it that'll be exciting we'll
fight like that on a Tuesday on a style
I've you know she says a good day for
ghen icing pepper for school on seven
years very echoey in it what holds me
welcome to Old Navy in me pop oh oh what
floor are we never cheese I'm sorry the
goal today is to always walk in the Sun
do not walk in the shade that side the
road
don't walking outside road it's Shady
look so nice it's like a mini little
waterfall or something isn't it
so cool so cool
that's awesome huh we should buy one
turn em and travel the world
look at our pretty freshly painted
toenails and if you can see cuz of the
shades and they didn't Frenchman we
could do a French manicure Oh Bonjour
it's just me a manicure equi parlez-vous
francais luminous have to hold hands on
summery days even though it gets really
hard you just got it you just let it
work through it because the court has oh
that's when we're getting divorced
that's where we go when you get married
if you go to the reward behind the
marriage places in the back of the
courthouse and then we get divorced you
go in the front yeah that's the plan I
think we might go to Captain America's I
really enjoyed that last night did you
yeah it's a bit dark it's a bit loud but
it's tasty I'm rose
it's not like a vet h VW
you have an email account of you the HP
W or can you hop in that way too
oh so that's it blonde urban accent many
others put light soon see if I guess a
BB blonde the brown blonde friend Bob
shell triple beam triple threat
enchilada with no cheese YUM yeah you're
actually comes with a free climbing in
hell else I got oh my god
but then I didn't get one I gotta find
that that's what I decided you know
every single meal that I'm going to have
in Sorrento is going to accompany a
tasty beverage beer I never come always
tried and it's like oh man another tasty
beer with my food but every single day
in winter there's gonna be a lot of
drunk clock since Franco that's just so
we got the charger we get the battery
yeah I ran them like half an hour ago
and he was like okay no we went there
before we got food again are you
thinking I put you had a tasty meal
where Danny was like yeah yeah load them
and start come on down bring all the
friends bring your family bring your pet
dogs and I was like awesome and then
they're all no they're all gone it's
like what he's like I'll hold it in like
two weeks I was like two weeks so that
sucks
Oh Oh boom boom boom boom boom
you guys remember what a level we're on
there's a disc apple-like going here
you've comments quickly quickly oh okay
it's a bounded or no it's right there
awesome
is it still echoing it is keys okay this
thing guys they got four male present
loads of stuffs it does look like it
looks like a present it's a nicely
presented present oh my god okay
handmade they're pink
oh my big booties oh my god she wrote
something Derek and I Jonathan Cena I'll
be in the puppies now that you know this
execute baby I thought I should send you
handmade pink socks hope Amelia likes
them once by the way I'm so sorry for
the loss of Minnie oh I watch your
YouTube channel is so long that you
become a part of my heart dear Anna
jovis Amelia I'll be Cena
Theo Bianca Nevaeh and nuvvula my name
is Michaela and I'm 13 and I'm writing
this from Scotland
first off I'm typing this because I
broke my fingers so I can't write
oh my god I love the daily thongs in the
style diet videos they are my favorite
part of the day I love watching the
puppies grow up and they're so cute and
I just want to cuddle them all
I love albion Cena and I love how they
have their own voices too cute
- the best bloggers in the entire world
Jonathan and Anna I wanted to say thank
you and firstly thanking you for
providing 30 minutes of joy a day which
comes in very handy especially after a
crafty Nana even though I do not know
you personally I believe that you are
one of the very few genuinely nice and
caring people in the world thank you you
are pretty on both the inside and out
baby amelia is very blessed to have a
mother and role model like you it's so
sweet thank you so much Jonathan not
only are you incredibly hilarious but
you're smart witty and down to earth
life will make an excellent father
secondly I'm thanking you because I'm in
my own life I have Blue Cross throw
clothes lately and watching the both of
you allows me to somewhat build my own
confidence and realize that you can be
anything you want to be I wish you both
the best of luck in Parenthood and for
future adventures you will impart you
wish to embark on and
I'm your number one fan in London well
that's our number one fan in London all
right
what is the story right yeah you can do
anything you put your mind to it I tell
you
I do not think this dizzy London accent
it sounds like my professor from born
achieve thinking was not even from born
their sudden liar thank you so much for
your letter you like my hair all right
so first thing I pulled out was this
part and I just noticed that everything
is like beautifully packaged look at
this there's like a pearl how cute is
that and her writing of things
this girl has class okay hi there
gorgeous mum-to-be I'm an avid follower
of your vlog vlog channel prego blog I
must say I'm very happy for you and
Joffe is on the pregnancy
maybe Amelia is going to have so much
fun in this world with you too I'm also
pregnant graduation and we are expecting
our baby in November that's my birthday
month I'm 13 weeks along and very
excited I love watching your preggo
progress I also have a pregnancy vlog
who is your everyone interested Cerreta
Chiquita 5 she'll watch it she'll watch
it she watches every one pregnancy talk
on YouTube I don't even keep up I'm like
who's that now like you wanted to give
million billion thank you don t many
people are pregnant in the road right
now
gonna be a ring and a bracelet at the
same time yeah it would go with my
absolutely sense
that's like washing your body without
wetting your hair in the shower do this
look how cute and then you can actually
unfasten or unclip the ring part it's so
cool thank you so much and it goes with
my outfit this part right which is
really funny because I ordered a camera
the underwater camera as well well at
least this one came these are like my I
definitely think these are the best
they're the SanDisk Extreme HD cards and
he this is a class 10 which is 30 miles
per second transfer which is pretty darn
good 30 minute 200 times faster but em
I've never let me down especially when
you're doing a blog because my tourneys
card died or something on me and I had
like an entire day of log on it I'll be
very upsetting so I've always trusted
names now these are usually quite
expensive to sign discs for them I knew
I needed another one because we've
broken a while ago on any like are still
annoying I need her place and once but I
don't even know where a camera and the
car at the same time the card arrived
the camera did not that is pretty darn
annoying oh my god is that the most
amazing eyes you've ever seen in your
life
Cena's gonna love it
what's going on here legs
stirring dinner making a winner I
thought I slaved over this for ages
I'm part of the stirring Patrol we stir
things oh that's my plant is that here
now do not run out when I open this up I
said don't
hi did you enjoy your day outside let's
go inside dog park and and you have a
day outside
did they out in the park yeah I know
thanks for minding me excuse me excuse
me in I love them and everybody in what
you paws but your cause but your paws
that's another creature
put in there okay I have got to put
holes in this because I have learned
that that is bad for oxygen generations
or something like that
how much Tyler told me she knows to the
blog how did you guys miss that huh how
did you lick you need to write some
lines I want to see some lines down
below all right ten lines I must not let
Joe us down again ten times all right
you ready to show me your work in the
fridge ease Oh
oh my god it is clean wow it's so clean
I love the top shelf in these shelves my
fridge tour we live on a diet of
mozzarella cheese and crazy cow cheese
and through doctor and ketchup and water
what is the point we're going to rant
over like next week look at this forget
this she has been she is on weaning
full-time now she is on hardcore wienie
because you can tell it seems like every
time to go under her she does this like
weird sounds like he gonna do imitate
the sound oh that was a skull it was a
skull drop cuz I never heard of that was
telling me that and he's like oh it's
giving these shots like and they have to
stop waiting because apparently they
keep drinking her milk it's not gonna
work around enough and he's like oh let
me know when to stop like and they're
fully we know we're just getting home
because she definitely when they go on
to her at least Lancer like once a day
she left him feed her a little bit but
then after a few seconds she gets bored
like me and even look they're not even
trying to look you see Dan even trying
to get on her you know one little fatso
here is but then you see what she does
she kind of plays with them yeah yeah
she distracts in place in her mind she
moves on you guys are growing up huh you
guys are growing up Oh guys let's try
not to do that wedding media
yeah we have to practice my juggling
skills I'm a baby juggler will be my new
career Oh puppies and babies like throw
me a puppy were like with puppies and
babies and gloves lots of puppies and
babies and puppies in me trying to see
excited puppies let me have actually
walked over to the door Sydney alright
puppies are you ready cuz what happens
when you open the door let's make it
more dramatic by having the whole team
ready they go mental if I mention he's
foreign that's Nike yes look straight
under straight on there gone gone that's
that puppy's gotten fertilized that's
their secret hi - little secret haters
yeah sixteen is on the place use on
playtime
okay let's turn the television on the
puppy train there's anyone put the end
of puppy train every what happened to
the puppy chain ok co1 that okay she's
like over Oh Toby the grump into the mix
get him ghetto he's tied down he's like
Gulliver travels when they found
Gulliver you're like I'll be older
Yoda help me it is terrify me he's
getting the stuff ready for the mind
about the house you know us and it'll
steal her hair um that looks theater
what you up to
oh yeah the Scruffy's not for you Bubbe
Bubbe what do we need at the plan of
attack is there a plan is there an
attack
le chien castles like xie fresh no I was
an agency mold is falling because I
wasn't written the weapon on the
mozzarella like cheeky burgers chili and
spinach in quite some time
yeah you know not that you ever did that
but I hear only me me me my friends did
this ha ha yeah my friends yeah my bad
seem so empty and dark and honour now
big value what's the deal Delia Delia
Delia 141 for 140 grams but then two of
these it's the same as that but it's
still cheaper to sit there no I used the
magic of mathematics figure out that oh
my god oh my god the camera
keine does doesn't work as well guys do
it from over here a hologram yeah look
it's there
macaroni teeth
it's the best guys they have the over
here it's best place your bets now
ah lucky see you don't even have the
weird one no no no oh but they do have
these ones we're gonna try some new
Nene's you know that when there's not
very many the less agree the better even
though that sounds fishy it does is
reporter flies in it what should I get
this one or a cheddar she's gonna you
well you want to have a little bit of
fun I would go with the chatter and
caramelized onions because sea salt
likely sea salt hood with no calories
salut
go down I would probably go with this
one sweet chili give a comment what
would you go it we've got sweet chili
Jenner and caramelized onion or lightly
salted flavor sea salt yeah okay well
you know oh yeah I got those ins because
they didn't have the other ones they're
only had like the weird flavor version
of it yeah you know doc I think the
puppy can walk in the tightrope huh
careful puppy that's a big that's a big
drop down you don't AFOL okay you have
to really careful okay I did a second
ago hit your bumpy adder like a bunny
no I didn't but I decided to be cruel
and give you guys a little
I kicked it down the stairs yeah that
was ages ago so first got her I think
that was too white
yeah I think was that dog there with Jam
I'm gonna use that one ceiling go ahead
we've been coming over I got you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's - don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
