turns out moving the plants was actually
a good thing
look at these things that just popped up
here this morning like oh that's so cool
isn't it
they've like really opened up so I guess
they really liked it the space the extra
space that gave them what watch what is
your major malfunction is it you put
peas okay Cena in oh god it stinks in
here oh no oh no there's poo boots
galore the goal was the goal was to not
do any cleaning before we go because I'm
all dressed up now because we're going
we're going to no no no trying not to
let her eat their poop because that's
what the mommy dog is kind of supposed
to do in the beginning ah Cena Cena Cena
don't don't don't
okay um I need to clean this up but yeah
the goal was to not cleaning anything
Nina oh my god is all over the walls
okay so the crisis has been averted
Java's came down and took carat wealth
helped me take care of it he cleans the
poop off of the wall
it was actually not on the wall I
exaggerated I was kind of caught up in
the moment but is on the skirting board
good girl Olivia she does feed on her on
her pee pee pad she's actually the best
toilet trained I think she and Bianca I
think
why are you crying are you crying yeah
what's wrong with you what's wrong with
you
yeah you girls are the bestest well
that's not really fair Theo has done a
few peepees on the pads as well and so
has new bass or new burlap pour it
nuvvula has a pulley bum and I don't
know what it should be concerned about
I'm sure it's just the worms working
their way out I mean she's acting normal
they're all acting normal there's no
puppy that seems sick are you just yeah
I just picked me as her favorite is that
what it is I just always want my
attention you are so cute awful anyways
good she seems fine but she I've noticed
well she and Nevaeh always have coupons
it's always them but mostly Newville
eyes though and she had diarrhea the
other day as well and but I'm I'm sure
the vet said that they have to work
their worms out of them what do you know
your mommy so much yeah no oh you don't
mess me up now okay cuz mom has to look
nice for later okay you want to say hi
to the camera
hey tell your friends you have so many
fans their doom everybody loves you
you're famous Bianca you're famous
look at you and we're done kitchen is
clean but because they have four puppies
it's not gonna be clean for long I am
going to have to come back after they
finish their little nap because right
now they're napping and I'm sure they'll
pool everywhere all over again
but I did not ruin my outfit because a
comedy from no-brainer it's like what
are we gonna do oh yeah why anybody oh
my God look at that point I think
somebody needs to come in they should
disrupt I just want a quick nip in the
center there that's right
do you meet hello why did you do that it
goes like I don't know it try kind of
try it through and tries by side and
sort of shop where they kind of drive
beside you open your passenger window
and he just like trow you food and stuff
nine minutes oh we've got ten minutes to
get there nice haha friend entity a
salon for Ana's get her hair did and her
cheater scratched
Stalin on location
well
and then where while I was the cheetah
tunnels in a random I take a ride
open the time where I don't get the dime
iron it's just one marine vampire it's
the next part that why are you a Boomer
or if I were in EE
and I'm saying oh you mean that's like
one in two words vampire no you're
putting the emphasis on the first one
good a mire
blonde Meyer so we were told to come
here to climb Meyer to do this shoot
right did you just hairdressing thing so
I ring a place in clown mind they're
like no just no appointment there but I
get somebody behind I'm like what phone
on it's Carla hi I'm Dorian appointment
today at 2 o'clock it's for Anna ciccone
to get highlights I just thought I went
to the wrong place there the website
place told me to come here to the one in
a in glad Meijer by the vine is that far
from dinner one yeah I probably find it
in the GPS it's just well I'll be 10
minutes late then all right didn't ice
it so ridiculous isn't it so we are a
quite a distance from our view woman's
ago waiting for our hair salon
appointment we're in Bali we we're going
to Bali who you wrote that's why I just
want to say buddy really great value
plan there's a lot of valleys around
here which is the Irish for town so town
Huli town Berlin oh goodness this is not
a good start
Oh God okay oh I just must be here you
made it
what yeah this is crazy we end up in
Glamour for its life decided to get your
hair done you get them all that did you
imagine you went in there might've liked
the ended up highlighting the feathers
you have a couple of highlighted batters
so as always the conversation has turned
into dogs puppies the motivation for
getting wax is slowly going away here
the paid stamina like it's extremely
painful
the first I'm gonna need your own you be
a first-time I don't I don't foresee a
second time no I do think you should do
it yourself for the first time you know
I think you know like in the ads they
have the girl she's like what's the
difference with this our little lady
that's better
so smell in there everybody used to use
tin foil and stuff back in the day I'm
from the olden days you know I used to
get their blond tips spiky blond
and we're pretty much done we just wait
up the waiting part now it's gorillas so
little packages in there well pack it to
her look actually have all the end the
hair wig things over there
the hair plugins no extension plugins
let the hair plug in please
totally goin is it heavy here four hours
later for let's go
well it's definitely blonde they're like
definitely that lighter it's killing it
hello okay so it's your husband I am so
happy she she took so much care and just
effort and you could tell she just she
was so like professional about
everything he's been in treatment oh
she's always I go back to her my name is
Nicole right Nicole Nicole in V 2 salon
cork I will put the link on the lot but
seriously guys I couldn't be happier
like you guys let me know what you think
I'm sure you will all have opinions but
I love it and she even did a little trim
I love it I think it looks amazing on
you you know really brightens up your
face and everything you know shouldn't
it I shouldn't have months ago sure
enough for the wedding
a second wedding when I have no attorney
for it
wedding third wedding I just feel like
so tired because contest was like four
hours we have blood draining I was like
I'll just live in here you know get a
quick snip snap takes me ten minutes to
do my hair
I know but thank you so much if you want
to check out the Starlight yeah and
thank you to salon addict Donaghy cos
they were the ones that totally hooked
up this whole experience you guys miss
us
you guys miss us Oh someone jumped out
yeah yeah we could totally like probably
will actually cause it'll eye tissue
don't you guys miss us
I am so hungry it I've never been more
hungry you know my entire life I think I
might eat one of these I'm a puppy
mm-hmm
what yeah okay I'm gonna eat yogurt sit
good girl sit in the back oh oh my god
oh is it a bride yeah you know this is
why we come here
for the neck long
whoo so what I should ask me Jessica
Gusman to be precise ask me on Twitter
what does green Thai curry taste like oh
well let me tell you delicious and
nutritious I'm at the hair my hair it is
a really good question somewhere in here
should be lighting bingo bango looking
for because when I ordered the bulbs I
actually managed to get two of them
because the shipping and all was it was
like 16 euros to ship because it's like
super fragile a so I was like well luck
might as well throw me in another one
because the shipping will still 16 years
of about - sounds like look hook me up
with two because I actually have a
second light rig oh my god that's a boom
Pole for a mic yeah what is that nothing
for I need the pluggy thing it's my
telescopic telescope and we are there in
quirky
let's try to Dublin
what
mm mm are we gonna go gonna clone mm
yeah nice it's gonna River Shannon
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
whoa are we ending up Slagel by I see
crack weigh 110 across him
get it all right red amici
hey y'all doing there what a baby Oh
daddy
how's the click on the shouting uh-oh
the Giant's Causeway let's get into
Belfast hey face didn't bill first baby
Jimmy fella in the lawyer today
Murray tornados great okay time to go
home oh wait let's quickly nip over 200
ma do me do me man oh man I was in go
away not oh man he's in court wait oh
man
okay let's go home let's go via Limerick
we just take a quick detour down to Cork
City and we are home oops
look at our fan guys you guys probably
won't even follow minutes back damn but
look at this
it's a wedding dress
oh that's Nene's wedding dress tomorrow
wedding
isn't that so nice sparkle Sparkle
Sparkle sparkle sparkles but yes that is
the wedding dress nice safe goes on for
quite a while it's quite long how many
of you guys were you at the wedding or
are you a new are you a new participants
very new producer when did you come on
board when did you get your tickets join
the join the bus the adventure nay the
journey I've been torn away from an
important thing
Rikki's wants to put these back in her
hair but look they've already been
crimped so I've sent her on a journey to
see if you can find the pliers now that
DS study for her let's have a look
hey guys blood vessels arteries carry
blood away what what it what book is
this exploring science cool do you guys
any you guys reading that book it's
awesome for all firown' oh this is Irish
oh my goodness
Oh guys this is this is actual Irish
look towards the Irish look whoo that's
what Irish looks like it's very
confusing push the red button mate all
right it's very simple you you just
pretty much gonna push in here okay just
so much is it from one side to the other
ah I think I got it yeah well you don't
have this drinking anymore
let's drink paint do I need that no the
stream female I have them somewhere
that's gonna work why
well that's open the two of them up
first right and I said you can do it
things John the stringy thing well
because I have them you know what yeah I
just don't know how you're supposed to
actually alright they bought open by how
are you supposed to get your hair
through the thing what out isn't the
thing you know
Lonnie I don't even know how you put
them in it's not like you just rammed
them in here like this well that worked
I don't know he's supposed to do these
give me a strand of your hair okay okay
can you feeling the strand of your hair
you know I like something yeah I think
so oh yeah okay I looked through the
camera and said I don't want you at the
bottom
oh yeah crap what do you want why do we
do this we just did this look just about
there it's pointed over there lift your
head up and legs ready
just don't worry I'm an expert okay I
know what I'm doing here
don't put in my friendship I wouldn't
put in your fringe either what do you
think it is
don't oh oh oh what do you think that
look in the mirror or something what do
you think just tied it in a knot it came
out what's up cool dude hey stop
you hold that right okay guys I'm
figuring it out look what we got is it
dark hearing sunglasses Mike okay look
we've got the little plastic you think
to put true thing okay we tried it down
a minute ago and it did work it was
upside down but it did work okay let's
go let's do this hey film in the mirror
can you see me can you see the hairs
mm-hmm Charlie well yeah if I take my
things off okay
it's the check I think you push this
June here likes all right and then this
back don't move
oh we got this you have to do another
one then oh yeah
look it's working shot sees look
actually work guys like how awesome was
that nice gonna be nice to the puppies
army give me nice to the puppies huh
tell me how he wears out me you think
pop you come people hey you there 20 my
camera you gonna eat it
are you gonna get it how do you up to
hmm
hey puppies ah oh you're gonna eat me
he's gonna eat my hands
oh cheese a cheese memoriam let's get on
here then I show up someone's gun in
there pick up - um I can't wait my
second one
hello go on pick up - do i the slow ones
mm-hmm you guys are gonna know walkies
you guys here go go go go go go go go go
go go bye guys big net walkies okay
that's hardly midnight can we used to do
midnight walkies yeah look at us were
like the letter A gang we go like a
scary letter a gangly you see at night
with two vicious dogs see ya
avi avi come on come on wait for your
sister wait for your sister that's what
you have to do that's what having
siblings is all about oh my goodness I
don't see where I've never been before
exciting exciting we've changed we've
changed the route we're gonna complete
you've always wondered welcome by here
there's a huge bit greener than that
let's do it let's change the walkies are
you ready he's dead man he had your seat
all right guys I'm kind of concerned
caution children at play is it like a
danger sign this is crazy is that the
moon oh no it's a light I thought I was
looking for the camera that's like and
this is crazy I didn't even know it
existed where does this even go - you
should have you should do that guys you
should walk around your area because you
probably find things that you didn't
even know existed
ah barking at one time that Helion man
whoo-hoo peas in the right place like it
bonus what was going on there hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
