well what happened to the heatwave that
was supposed to happen
I feel slightly misinformed and they'll
pay these no crazies
hello crazies hey no see me see me some
cheese oh yeah good girl look at clean
you guys are huh so bright and brighten
right right okay so I'm going to do this
I keep saying I keep saying that don't
be doing it I got some chickies chihkan
away and that's it that's it guys
do not pass go do not collect you on a
job
don't even go into that room I don't
even know why I was gonna ever ask then
you've been tricked
okay we are putting this in these pots
no more wasting time
oh look it isn't actually I was like oh
wait a second now the seasons work if
there's no money obviously just plant
them right or just water them instead of
oh god it's hard off it kinda hurts but
they do come apart it's kind of scary
though doing this because when were you
scared of actually injuring LaPlante
but um should be alright can you like
that one stance oh well that's yeah that
is a red there's a sweet pepper this one
here this is that this is chili so
you've got chili this is a sweet pepper
um these two are our projects as you can
see and this is a basil one here it
smells so good
this is moisture control it's like and
it's more expensive but it's like
enriched compost herbs and that's
watering feeds up to six months
throws twice as big that sounds like the
kind of thing I want I'm thinking of
putting the two of them though into the
one and let them become you know I need
some love like a never knew love before
do you baby anyway named at Silas to
look at this rumor I was talking about
stunting their growth and stuff look you
can see it actually had grown fully out
you can see like there was way more it
wants to grow way more but that's the
road look I took that perfectly so
hopefully this is not going to affect
this hopefully also got these things
right to a to use because I'm gonna do
is I think may be better if they were
upwards like what's going on over there
you sure you're finished you let's go
let's go
no no no not in the rainy day I don't
know any day and then I'm going to
attach the plants to it and that way
this grow upward rather than
flopping over like the way they are and
there we go
transfer it's got a little pile use the
cable ties from it a mini cable ties
that I got
he's the mini cable ties and there we go
I'll connect it up and hopefully that
should grow straight up now we've got
treating them here if you see one stalk
two three eight three main stalks and
yeah yeah next thing is to move this one
which I think no that's actually one of
them I probably should have put that in
with them to let them all grow together
nut circles this is um I don't know if
this actually needs to a bigger pot yet
that definitely doesn't and the basil is
fine it's a kitchen plant like boom good
timing
yes know what said yesterday I think is
day before I sat here and I talked to
badge um we were in the Sun right well
evening I go into our blood our baby
will be huge dark
alright it's actually am actually a good
bit like it's in there as well and
here's the big article here as well like
at the picture is quite good I'll give
them to the picture is quite good but um
this is like it's exactly what I was
just saying the other day remember I was
like they need to Sunday world girl was
really good because she got her facts
right she didn't like make up crazy
statements like hey this is like um
they've been doing this for seven years
well where did you get seven years from
we have 13,000 subscribers where did you
get that information from where does it
say we have 13,000 subscribers our most
popular video has 20,000 views
what then is not gonna be the music
video when I met Ana hell I have to talk
to my colleagues and begged my
colleagues to allow me to him like
thanks Jonathan a student at UCC I never
went to UCC I never went to university I
moved the court to go to university and
I didn't clash the Stefan and then I
moved over to the UK that's it and then
I did my degree in the UK I didn't go to
UCC in court talking about had the vlog
started by me filming Anna in my kitchen
during dinner what anyway that's enough
writing for me today did you guys see
this yesterday I do like to picture them
and the photographer was really nice but
um that's just insane she wanted to
pursue a career in fashion and she
started posting tips and advice for
teenagers online who were experiencing
puberty so she decided to drop that of
you see see what Dad only happen at yeah
like a year after like yeah and then
apparently I said my dad wasn't too
happy and so painful
we should totally call them but I call
them my column guys I call them and even
recorded my Abby Jenny you know you want
Renee to hurt look you have to be held
accountable
hi I'm just calling because you guys did
an article on me today and there's a lot
of information that's wrong at Johnson
Jolie
yeah like just so much of Iran I'd say
90% that article is complete
misinformation yep like I do I do
appreciate and I got to appreciate you
guys doing a feature thing on us you
know that's awesome yeah like someone
you think that I'm being like you know
mean or anything you know keys or
walkies you wanna go to walkies Twitter
gonna walkies trying to go to walk is
okay this is this is a to Baba Nicki
this guys wait we can't find one of the
harnesses we can only find one there
should be two but like I've actually
checked everywhere now no no places it
could be
and they're always together they're
never separated but there's been a
witness statement taken that the puppies
weren't playing with it yes
at least one anyways yeah so guys come
on let me ask we have checked everywhere
this is where we found Cena's lead I'll
be I'm so sorry
now you're all we haven't checked I'm
here because the puppies if a puppy
stole it maybe put another there put it
under here no hear some crazy reason no
just checking all the places that the
puppies could have taken it it's not in
these things no very very weird
situation it should be just here nice it
ended up in a shoe no I think this is
where the old spotlights where we used
to put them but put it here okay I wanna
check inside shoes I found it inside
your shoe you said look in the shoe area
inside my shoes ah it's ok Alvey we got
it don't worry you are going on a
walkies come on come on come on come on
come on come on lazy bums
lazy ones easy ones
oh no no phone down phone down yeah
that's whacked you put in my pocket my
Cheetos oh oh my god it's so wet oh look
at my shoes they're not supposed to be
that dark it's like I don't know I said
this like misty it is misty but this
this is supposed to be like a
thunderstorm
heatwave they're such liars they're such
liars heat wave he waved my eyes I'm
overeater oh it's the one in England I
hope you're enjoying that oh my god I've
just beefed put her in this kitchen
meaning after every single cookie then I
had to watch a coupon because somebody
had a coupon maybe I had a pooh-bah in
case you're wondering a poo bum is yours
a poo bone is missing here Oh cute cute
cute and tight meal who bum is oh my God
look at that one that's new a lot
look at her going crazy hey movies Oh
but anyways a poo bomb is basically
where who gets stuck in the fur by their
bum bum so you have to clean it out in
case you're wondering what that was
that's what it is I've always wanted
dogs all my life so I love it you know
it's also eating their food they all eat
when she eats it's funny
and then she finishes it oh good Nevaeh
has got the she's got the idea
they are so funny what wasn't nuvvula in
the bed that was Bianca oops
well um so I can actually tell who's who
now pretty well um dofus still can't I
think but I can just obviously I'm
better than him no no I just it's it's
obvious to me now like which one is
which but before when they were little
it was like impossible anyways I've been
trying to keep this door closed in this
kitchen door which is difficult because
the dogs I mean like I'll be over he
hasn't eaten in Hades well that's not
true but he is scared to come in here he
would never really voluntarily come in
here so we have to keep like you know
Alby kind of stays upstairs and then
Sina comes down here and she scratches
at the door so it's kind of annoying but
it keeps the puppies in one place and
the pee pee pads are working out great I
mean they still have tons of accidents
as you can cuz I already explained I
have to go up mopping everything uh but
every time they pee on the pad I'm like
so happy and I tell them good dog you
know but it's just a it's a process
they're still really small and steady
little but um hopefully fingers crossed
by the time Amelia comes they will be
fully trained at were trained that is so
you're gonna have some num nums good
girl
I'll try to focus for some reason I feel
like I never have any time like ever and
I'm sure when the baby comes it's gonna
be like even more hectic obviously but I
just feel like I have no time for
anything and they always leave cleaning
to like act like the afternoon and then
by the time we walk the dogs and just do
everything it's just like I don't know
what time
gets away from us and then I end up with
like not cleaning and you guys know if
you watch or maybe I haven't said this
before I can't remember but I kind of do
like one room a day can i things like
for the whole week just to keep
everything like maintain like teen and
then some if I skip a day or whatever
like some room will just go uncleaned
for like a week and then it just gets
messy and I just I don't like it so
yesterday I tried to do the living room
because Monday is excuse me living room
and I tried through the living room and
I did like most of it and then I did
everything except for vacuuming and a
bit of dusting living still need to do
and yeah that was really annoying
because now I have to do that as well as
the bedroom and the ensuite toilet and
I'm tired you know like I'm so so tired
like physically drained so I'm like okay
I knew to start cleaning like in the
mornings or something so that I actually
get done thank you for putting me in a
scene I got one part of it baby
one minor baby hello they asked my mom's
favorite no she said I was like Aldi
she's very
oh my god you're horrible boy Dave is
pure steel nine clinical Oh someone's
happening here someone's like June in my
hands knew what I knew B yeah
newbie knew he's kinda cute cuz anyone's
just so long there should be a movie
about new be a movie about movie what
are you doing he was gonna like chill me
look at you trying your pub hmm oh
here's your mom here's your mom you're
in trouble now
mum's the word mommy mommy mommy I know
I'm gonna try to eat everyone let's get
some za
she knows her name - she knows her name
so excuse me no no no get away from that
you're such a standard you're such a
dinner theater all that she it's so
crappy so he's like you know Hoffman I'm
you know and no crazy hello crazy oh
she's up she's oh yeah
okay um Gary Gary you gonna get it
you gonna get it he's like you gotta get
it repairing himself you gotta get it
sure
oh my god does that
you gonna see that oh I don't know if he
you guys he from his line did poor
little thing he's like a baby frog oh my
god that's so cool no he run away oh
that was so cool I want to so a
wash mitt Oh what which one do we get
Tinkerbell
or use that Disney Princess but there
can't be just Disney Princess yeah we
got a new franchise it's not like Ariel
The Little Mermaid and there's the
eating the Beast girl that is just like
a blond-haired one who's Tinkerbell and
a brown haired one what the hell is a
nibbler shell with ice or frozen fruits
unperfect either
how ever heard of a nibbler don't you
just love when they take two things you
really like and merge them together
marshmallows would Turkish the light in
the inside yes please yes please oh my
god Nene's it's so cool oh my god it's
getting your name on it
designer icing rule must be expensive
it's from a designer
remember our debacle before about the
Pringles which remember the live show
when you guys were like well it turns
out dopes are actually quite good
I think tubes they're actually quite
good
hey is that your youtube's your - no
yeah double up double tap DoubleTap oh
that was a bad one
double-time quick reload listen listen
it's a machardie I'm like oh maybe I'll
just buy one fist and look open it's
like 2 4 3 and I'm like oh and I was
about by 2 then they're making me bite
you I don't want to bite you but ah I'd
be a fool I'd be a fool if I didn't take
advantage of their of their kind offers
good nice but then they get me hooked
I'm gonna overdo it and then I regret it
it's a cycle of consumerism hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
