hello friends now before you watch
today's video with something very
exciting to tell you immediately do a
magic trick
this book is going to get a plug we're
going to take off my dad makes my
surprise room here we go are you ready
guys show all our friends to cover oh
there we go
that's the cover eyes of the cat nap
book and there's the facts and the guys
when you're running around are we very
excited
how exciting is this friends are you
excited for the books now Amelia there's
also rumors there's going to be a book
tour now I can't say much about it
friends but this is where we're going on
tour
Amelia go on tour show me how you go on
tour nice I like that okay so I can't
tell you much details about our global
domination book tour pretty good at your
home that's what we are what guys
tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog we are going
to announce where you can get two
tickets where the events are the dates
the locations everything but it is going
to be there you are
I'm not sure I don't know leave comments
where I mean it is anyway tomorrow guys
two tickets going to be available
everything to go check my social media
tomorrow if you follow me on social
media
7 that's Devon I don't think that's
definitely yeah anyway check this video
tomorrow check the vlog tomorrow for all
the details and where you can get your
tickets now sub or try today tomorrow at
some point on social media I will be
reading all the information and last
year is now going to swim across the
ocean crap yo Shane lackeys in the
middle of this IRC oh it was tennis okay
alright onward today's vlog friends when
Alessia grew toot excited
what yeah do you have your first to
realize until I was just playing with it
hi thank you my oh my goodness look at
this thing
Oh keeping your flame you will see there
open your mind amazing city shoot dick
Oh commit with the other one no you got
a two guys quickly look Larry where is
everybody
where's this one hang in there oh boy a
media I need you Oh me me little Amelia
some makeup on oh boy little Amelia why
are you digging me yeah
Rishi oh boy just going to go ahead and
close them again
what me
good morning and welcome to the twenty
day of the eight hundred the best year
of your life and unless you have a tote
rubber boot yeah she says she's mighty
name all over Q that's happening when
did I love it right right when the Brady
King wasn't when the birdie came yes the
birdie do it yeah the birdie good no hi
oh I am medium Amelia Amelia
Alexia grew a tooth she has our first
day can you can see okay
can't see it it's been in the bottom
okay ready
Oh enough yet to me see we see who is
your daughter your dream is to pee Oh
yeah dude white oh dude white oh excuse
me Eduardo in the bottom so the white
gay isn't it a white thing did you see
it you see that see now she might be
able to bite you so be careful that if
she has Pete I don't know her
it's like enough see you one thing you
just catch up with you
yeah that's good - how many do you have
ladies do you have I go are wanting let
me see you can say ah got one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten not
in your 2100 top ten in the bottom four
fine
yes you got 20 feet 20 30 you need to
get 20 20 more to go home people your
little Amelia this is baby anemia and
then big media says there's no are y'all
Amelia's but do you want to be Eduardo
sometimes yeah sometimes like it can be
my Nanay okay okay hmm I think you mean
my Winnie can diss me adored oh yeah so
I to meet a boy yeah
hey watch the applet when you are do you
boy you do not always want to be a boy
sometimes you can see a boys and find
you should be on me is mommy and daddy
can me
Amelia's backing Eduardo's mommy - yeah
but when are you going to be my son of a
gun
are you always my son of a gun my only
little son of a gun if we had another
baby Eduardo do you think it would be a
boy or a girl I didn't listen
oh yeah just to even things out but then
you'd be you'd be responsible for your
little brother you'd have to look after
him
it only has a little toot she has her
first tooth you see it yeah yeah she has
her first tooth yeah yeah no she's
nearly ready to start eating food
alessia's had her bath too
very exciting right and it was a just
little winter it's quite a better girl
like my king because there's a baby damn
nigga animated yeah well for you hmm
don't be all somber do you get your paw
back drive again oh hi yeah
regular bum fight fun way and as I shall
win but she's your new bike
it's bedtime friends and tonight we are
reading a very special book what they
call the catnap book
let me get here that cat nah they hairs
you you ready are you ready to jump into
the world
alright first we have these do you
recognize anybody here
yeah daddy and a mommy me and I'm
Eduardo then Russia Cena lb Nanban cash
advance CEO no maybes at the end here
yeah I think others are pink thank you
I think six Daleks is probably enough
Amelia
let me count 100 yeah yeah one two three
four five six disagree zini yeah I don't
know
somebody stole daddy's my friend Mickey
the newbie steal daddy slipper I last
night night what stop dissing Tony
Jolie's and a great cast nap so is
Amelia
Alessia Eduardo Martin eating a cookie
hey there were three children called
Amelia Eduardo I'm a mess already
getting with less pain hey hey wait
let's he's reading this book he got that
much they had six white furry dogs and
they did everything together look
they're having a tea party
I'll be having some milk peeled eating
all the biscuits
what's Michael a little squiddy ethical
like a scriptwriter so squeeze your
forefathers turn your chin okay you got
me
all right baby now she in heaven she guy
oh yeah no it's okay he it's ok really
is okay but that's why that's when we
put a little bit tougher everywhere so
we always remember her okay oh no but
it's okay no because she no no she came
along Amelia and she went away in order
for a left-hander cone because if she
didn't go away unless he would never be
here who wouldn't have a rescue right
now we have somebody else see sometimes
that's what happens but we're actually
just waiting daddy's book that's a bit
of a heavy topic just so you know this
book does not cover that topic let me
care what thank you okay so they did
some dressing up as pirates dressing up
as princesses dressing up as ballerina I
did one in the Bellary know what is
about arena
well let's not spoil the book for all
the boys and girls at home no you have
to spoil it but it is very exciting
friends cut it cut that book so far and
we have to dance condo also plant in to
catch cat for a Mia are you are you
giving away the whole story but gay a
fail so get then de Baker costumes and
they catch yourself cut things with
their dog big special sticker soup so
that's all we can do today and tomorrow
maybe okay maybe maybe Oh time some more
tomorrow bye bye bye bye thanks for
watching
how exciting
