oh come on you can go in to put your
boat in the same time me pop next now
guys huh what do you think of this you
wanna do this news you know this wanna
I'll do the washing it some how much you
wit know I'll be first
I think well there we go now not so bad
is it
huh jump with the subscribers in didn't
know us you're okay you just hate it but
then you don't mind it so much when the
saga Jonah Harrison yeah what should he
see how I'm able to get a haircut
require Wow yeah hardest you have the
puppies okay all did I answer them okay
what's the water like all right now
looky looky looky don't really have
conditioner we always forget the
conditioner look at that I'll be right
and white huh I know you know thank you
let's get her SMA for babies and puppies
role of dogs and need bath time when the
waters all right
hello madam yeah good doggies then you
should be like little tap dancers hello
and welcome to the search one knows my
name is RB coccyx and surely know I've
seen you here with this match
so last I wonder OPM massive and the
finance will stock markets are coming
down reals 2% for the stocks and shares
look at my little Jedi hmm
you mix doggy biscuit Pocky biscuit
madam yes Jonah Bobby one is red darkest
darkest which one yes yes one is do you
have a you've got a crazy one wait in a
crazy job no crazy Cena is now crazy the
craziness is strong in this one is the
better one
Oh God oh nothing to bed
and I live alone
ah
girl look at white and fluffy or huh no
one likes dogs bitch mm we have to stay
here he's next
so why I'm fluffy
where's she then she done no good bomb
is still up careful that's hot
there you go it's gonna hold that he's
that brush guys said enrich he's not my
home but yeah he's got like those spikes
and stuff in it see no cheese so they
don't like it so much what it's really
important hey I know it's sore when it
swings
cuz when it's wet it's closer to us Oh
be a little bit softer okay posture
feels like an 80s rock stars own liquor
needs to be drier I think yeah that's
too pony hey it's okay okay it's okay
no off to get the deer so
yeah we we cooked dinner like we slaved
over this big meal but then we forgot
that we left it inside this Thai
restaurant by mistake
ah imagine that's now has to drive back
there and then you're all like oh sure
you're gonna have to pay us money for
like minding your dinner so now I have
to pay the money and then they're gonna
put in some sort of Tupperware and
inside a brown bag but then they're
gonna give it to me so don't don't be
under any illusion I know it looks like
we're going to get a takeaway but no no
no no I made this myself handmaiden and
we need is the whole day long I grew I
grew it I raised the chicken he was
quoting what did you get oh my god a
stir-fry yeah I grew the veggie stir-fry
I'm not sure how I grew the stirring I
broke I cut down the tree and I made
this the wooden spoon so I could stir it
fry it oh yeah this guy's got more tea
so he's over he's all over the place
it's a Sunday Sunday spell backwards
spells Thai food it does it's like 6:00
p.m. leave me a comment if what you can
tell me what 6:00 p.m. spelled backwards
is and you wouldn't you win a prize I
won't tell you what the special prize is
in order if you want a clue with the
special prizes press the like button and
you'll see it when you press the like
button it'll come up a little hint trust
me trust man is what I would not mislead
you I would never mislead you okay not
crap doing that tomorrow keeps that
every day nice green Thai curry and we
got one rice because yeah it's how he's
waiting with rice and we always have to
put a half over so don't mind the lights
cuz these are kind of stopped well it
sounded completely stopped by them I
have a technique sometimes yields a
result oh oh oh
almost you're just gonna they're weak oh
oh yeah welcome to the lighthouse
see guys modern technology a brush all
right yeah oh sorry sorry friend
oh okay where's mine nice but this also
has that it treat myself guys
Oh so pint glasses
I'm credibly credibly ugly well no
whines glasses guys you know what that
means it's the end of the vlog it's fact
if you cannot put your if you cannot get
a pint glass you must end the blog
seriously look it up fact see you
tomorrow
Oh worst thing ever happened guys look
at this this is our lights for Deanne
the studio lighting good luck
you broke these are so difficult to get
and we need them but what I might do in
the meantime is em you see these aren't
that uncommon the connection points on
like just trying to get us like to use
for a moment but that's 54 K which is
like an admittance wherever a daylight
instead of a sort of an orangey tint are
you guys doing huh oh good boy hmm hi
puppies hi puppies 1 2 3
that's that point isn't it what I'm
missing anyone are we you already have
tree puppies right not right
oh wait a second a forge puppy I know I
know
she'll always think you're you I need a
baby girl yeah a baby girl no no don't
she's trying to wean to myself look
right
once they clamp on she's gonna run away
he's gonna push them away always have no
thank you
dad I did what I know he thought oh oh
oh it's not gonna work out well it's not
gonna work out well you're in trouble
turn left I doubt me on right side he'll
be won't go peepees come on come on
alley
oh oh I'll be a yo-yo B oh my god y'all
random yard
hey huge yes okay mommies wanna play I
don't know I want to eat me physically
oh no oh my god she up when I came down
um the first time this morning she was
up there can't believe she got up how
did she get up Oh something just
exploded oh here's a bike he's like
there's a guy guy oh god no I am going
to parties today okay that's like the
theme of every day oh my goodness came
through the door right look at recent
history you never know when you need me
pause the video now and have your guess
what's on the other side of this do it
now I know obviously you can just not
pause the video and you're about to find
out but how about have a guess just have
a game what's let's play the
game
pause unpause are we back you ready for
it it's a taxi company which I am
promoting yay mm-hmm it would seem free
phone taxi service Oh much we took out
the phone part and I just said free taxi
service I don't think any guys because
it's local so you can call it from the
US or something like that next time
you're out in like I don't know washing
the other side of that and you're stuck
you're like hello how's it goin I'm
doing in car can I need a lift
we have Java Washington Street here all
right I might confuse it with being in
Washington Street you doing the cinnamon
challenge to make sure I get the right
one right this is my crazy plan what was
that that was yeah like 54k can you guys
see that that's what you want if you
ever shooting am photography or video or
something and you want that damn duck
that that's what you're looking for 54k
photocell these are pretty good one so
hmm think that I'm not gonna be able to
replace this because the only way to get
these is
is they're all over the UK during all
the shops are in the UK but I searched
everywhere in our land like online and I
can't find him so I'm going to order
them online but in the meantime we gotta
shoot some stuff so I'm gonna break this
off with a hammer to make sure that I
buy the right connection connection news
mm yeah I'm gonna break it off and I'm
gonna see if I can get a bulb
there's my trusty tool my trusty
delicate tool okay then turns off
because I believe this is one of the
very few tasks that I feel like I need
my two hands for here we have it mmm la
conexi√≥n part that I need to test just
to make sure I get it right because I
know it is once and time is yes
you want to see what the studio it looks
like in the inside you see it's not like
a bulb because it doesn't actually emit
any heat and so it's kind of different
to a normal bulb the photos up but
they're not quite cool you guys gonna be
good
he's gonna be good okay guys do you know
what you know the fluffy thing that was
on this I picked up the jacket there was
a zip and I was like what's the zip for
can take the fluffy thing off I had no
idea you could do that that is so
awesome
isn't that awesome he's in a nicer are
you actually destroying my jeans is that
you can't put the head oh my god you
going crazy you hung crazy are you even
crazy oh my god someone's got it
someone's got the crazies someone's got
the crazies yeah yeah you're on camera
little guy so we're gonna drop over to
the post office not the popo to drop
these up look we got this now crispy
because you can't get these in in United
States so I'm there too clothes you
bought it early barf NGOs decided let's
go come up with some cereal it's my post
I will do this I will do this I don't
think it'll be done today now because
you gotta fill me up I can get the
lights and stuff
hold on Shh everyone Oh peanuts yeah
here MA newspaper
but these thickness are LEDs 30 40 watts
see you want like superpower no no it's
a weird connection no single on that
before plug-in classic oh maybe it plugs
in I think we're gonna go something like
a flood you know be college and flood um
other here's 120 yeah I see that's it
isn't it
yeah okay it's one of them because 120
is definitely powerful no telling which
care is neither Nimish butterfly palmer
it's really cool-looking 20 euros
we can go to the you know the Douglas
place down my friend yeah I like
supporting them we support local yeah
probably but it's got Frosty's you know
don't let the door that's missing in my
masala its kitchen may have noticed we
fell off the hinges
this is about thirty years old and it
looks really tall up there that's kill
least you know we can get them actually
now yeah no we should tell her no seem
like a hundred euros hearted Oh probably
own problems trying to get at home
oh this is what we want no junk mail
please ring for attention no don't ring
for attention it's our big one it's
pretty small Nick I told me he had a big
sign you know I drove like no cold
calling no junk mail private staff only
manager for office yeah I think they are
can I can I get this one staff only and
put it in my room no it's just so small
what's not just put it open the letter
you stick it on to the letterbox or oh
okay
pop it in
we're quite sheltered okay so something
there I'd also like no amount of cold
callers like would you like to phone or
or did I change a gas or your heating or
your garden course or your lawn vacuum
door your car washed or your hair
shampooed yeah pretty much like double
laughs all about red lights we always
get the same spot regime and it doesn't
even have a light on it you know we're
always get that same spot it's like the
end corner spot don't ever take it okay
if you ever come here do not take that
spot okay because we might be coming at
the same time that we were you up
setting up the escalator it's such a big
escalators me yeah I'm so tall like
floating in giy need to get some
envelopes we actually left here we
walked pretty much almost to here and
then forgot actually bring this stuff
with us so that wasn't my mailbox as
well hmm
so I don't know I like the Royal Mail
what means the Queen actually delivers
this probably is a building yes well we
just want to capacity that's all it's
got it fit to check your credit okay
um whoa 390 thank you you go I just
leave that like that I suggested just
pouring the cereal into an envelope just
like pour it all in boom job done job is
done I think they will actually fit in
that photo oh I see how it works
okay I'll Hollis yeah fine look there's
food all right well that's in case you
want to send we should send them a puppy
John a puppy
you guys want a puppy we'll send you a
puppy in one of these bags because it
has little holes in it yeah Minges falls
down because of course no silly bomb
yeah Anna mm-hmm yeah you think it folds
and now okay yep this works let's do it
let's do it
take it on in awesome let's go
this well no this part won't be it's the
shipping part that will be yeah
hopefully you should we send him a book
of our president mm-hmm ex-president you
know all right
next step is to post it we have about
everything I hope it doesn't cost like a
trillion Jillian's you can hand deliver
it fill this up talk about this for is
it be so cute
it will be cute like these are no more
euros each though holy crap these aren't
close they're just not oh my goodness I
hit them all the same poke it out let's
go funny get them yeah we'll probably
not fun full of testers now you want the
ribbon white
yeah ribbon is better yeah it's these
one so you get four pink and I think we
should get the splitters did have them
here but definitely wonder nice for Theo
and Albie I'll be definitely is a muggle
sweetie sweet food thing I want this or
the garden cool think so even one
50 scooping poop hello I would like to
carry that thing around me the searching
scoop poop it'll be here
probs
no no I think it is bottom line anyway
first pee pads ppppp fans don't study
English the Twitter for your puppy but
there's a pad change or is it washable
or where do you get them right so you
add these things I'd love to clean and
safe
it's just basically a holder for them I
think I don't know I think Carly we see
look even the pictures and even have the
minute thing pattern no we do have six
stars alright okay okay let's do it
let's do it because maybe I've been seen
we'll use it yeah so what you doing just
one I have one I know but give me some
shampoo that's a reef kiss let's do this
let's do it I don't think so hey we go
down this area Tesco I always know it's
going to cost me
Ritchie home they're always by makeup
why don't she's like not use it anymore
like that no oh she said it to the man
the man agrees look we got guys probably
party back there was this other thing
that he had it was like 80 euros but and
when the dog pees on it it like releases
the treat like a pheromone treat but I'm
thinking like Cena's gonna figure that
out
she's gonna get everyone else to pee on
it and she's gonna sit underneath the
treat dispenser me like this is the best
day ever so we opted into the old m2
puppy pad way I don't like doing that I
suppose I don't do hey look that one's a
sinner look if I get three for two is
tripped you and everything most things
okay want to just get true of the one
that you keep lying now way you've got
like a lungs of like to be like how
long's one last a month um yeah well
then get a second one for Sorento just
in case but Toronto isn't Kiwi yeah no
but then we're there for a while so like
really good okay well whatever
whatevs I don't understand I understand
all these things
look at these Tomatoes guys
they're really cool so weird like an
aunt a coach at the roof before 4c
apples this cast-off never ever has them
but it does have these ones again so we
go double e to double openes they never
have the nice one but these are 124 yes
I mean let's check up on the Greeks yeah
yeah cool okay here we go this is it
this is the end making the stand nice
that's it that's it you here to hear
frogs hear folk here first folks
no Jonah man and let's see if that
actually makes a difference um excuse me
Gideon in in in hmm
in there any pop let's go let's go
time to make a toilet guys all right
thank you that work oh cool cuz you
can't she wants to get out there okay
cool so do we put the things on top of
that
right now and then what you doing with
it
and if you change oh that's cool
and this is scented is it so do we put
it
what do you want - well honey move all
the paper right
what startup Oh take all the papers up
first
okay okay okay yeah there's a slight sir
- tungsten look off those lights oh I'm
not sure I haven't got time we need to
prep words oh this is what we wouldn't
have to do here clear out the sitting
room shoot it against the windows here
hopefully nobody looks into this we're
doing this and it's January because the
light is almost gone it was like
bordering on the end of shooting for the
daytime yeah yeah just need to are open
of it for a few minutes just there's no
interruptions because I don't run out of
time really quickly
Cemil oh this is just for an intro and
an outro for there cuz the rest is
almost full already
but ass and oh goodness what are you
doing investigate everything oh my god
so I just finished editing the video for
this dollar tomorrow you guys are gonna
watch - accurate that's gonna tomorrow
so tomorrow at 7:00 so an hour after the
vlog way in life so if you're watching
this now when this ends you can just go
ahead and watch that under stylet it is
so funny what's that I smell
mmm fishy fishy and some rice with
spinach it's the rice in the goal you
guys thank another fingers in the goal
we must know the rice on the go miss my
little friends
is my little friends eels Cabo Malou
mm-hmm huija so cute you're just so cute
your gestures cha-cha oh what's going
how see a puppy pads working out for you
guys I see it was destroyed it looks
like it's been ripped up good good on
you hmm
get on your might get on your might yeah
get on your life frozen shrimp on the
body still haven't done this nope nope
has not been done plans plans have been
set in motion
sorry got one of these days I'm going to
do that just just the shooting in the
producing and the vlogging and the
target another time you know I'm not a
hundred percent sure but I'm pretty sure
that is not what that device was
intended for I think that might be a
toilet guys whoa hello fellas grown up
hello you're so funny guys that's not
what that's for
okay that's for pee peeing on nor do I
think this is what it was intended for
um yeah maybe just trying to understand
how it works
yeah what's this
ah some of our babies are there any bad
as if there wasn't them
yeah not sure about this uh carry on I
guess carry on um just I don't think
that's what it was intended for but you
guys think huh
you'll soon get the hang of it is it
tasty is it a tasty treat I
all your friends think so to give us a
look at this crazy Oh God
these guys get so crazy at nighttime
okay and fights up here battles over see
no no you huh I was about to I
was about to cut your ear off
it's my rice bowl Xena it's my rice huh
you tell her that hurts my rice oh my
god oh my god the brazenness of it all
you go to your room and think about what
you've done
oh you you write in the comments and
think about what you've done
uh-huh see you tomorrow hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
