morning little soldiers morning little
soldiers oh-ho-ho big statues Yanni's
stretching Yanni's or you go huh you
guys are the cutest things in the whole
wide world you know that no I'm not
talking about you sir I'm talking about
you take it you have no idea how amazing
it feels to have a little puppy two
little puppies cheer about these poor
little puppies puppies their coolest
things in the world apparently there is
a heat wave coming to Ireland yeah never
ever listen to the Med service in
Ireland because it's always from blowing
blah blah put a plea that is the sun
shining but ah okay guys we're locked in
we got it what are you all off to look
at that then that grass is out of
control mister I would have control that
is not a regulated grass pudding so uh
look it's like a forest forest park huh
and you guys live near luck third luck
during Fergus what's that lucky isn't
that dirt I don't know I can't remember
but I remember going there cuz the
autumn range is there and we used to
like Mora boat and like fence around you
don't know what I'm talking about I
don't even know what I'm talking about
half the time I just just say it say it
don't spray it buddy but yeah it's great
there and cut that because that is a
monstrosity you're not gonna catch me
you're not gonna catch me catch me it
was awesome that was awesome that was
all I could just tell like you just had
I couldn't even see the camera but I can
see it running and I can just tell that
look probably awesome how much it has
grown like it's crazy how fast it grows
like you know it's crazy it's crazy it's
crazy it's get it before and after
Q : so lucky there's the before and then
we'll cut to the after make it them well
sure sure
good night the X is your back you think
you actually jump at is anyone actually
gonna do it oh oh oh but I was gonna do
it
oh no I thought I was gonna do it one of
them is probably in bed but nuvvula is
probably or Nivea burly in bed or not
near yet Nevaeh maybe I like big stuff
Dov Nevaeh L'Oreal Garnier you gonna
jump you gonna jump every frame II
didn't oh it's probably better if I turn
around and find you guys out here it
will be there will be smacked bombs you
hear me
look at the difference from there there
it's crazy
everyone else run away but one of the
state
who are you Safiye Oh I always those at
nighttime because
three girls and to go over to Anna and a
little feel thing stays with me and I'll
be and there's the after shot way better
much better get messy now gotta go sweep
the stuff up and actually because it was
so thick you can see the little bits of
grass so I can go over it a second time
but I'll probably just leave it yes
frankly I'm too lazy well because I
gotta trim the edges and stuff now as
well but I'm it looks way better and
next week when I do it again it'll get
rid of all that kind of excess stuff I
mean so cute I can't believe he stayed
the whole time with me and everyone else
left good thing I haven't seen I haven't
noticed him yet good thing we don't have
a cat that's so cute uh-huh he's so cute
nice try to fly away when I come in here
would you could you be friends do you
think to you hmm
Oh kisses repeal my Ravinder that he
loves to eat my beard no way
not we okay so gonna sweep all this up
we see these I'm gonna sleep all this up
yeah I have one your puppy's here hmm
I mean the other thing I want to do is I
want to sort these out because I have
the pots now and the compost and the
weather's just being like so bad so I
wasn't actually able to plant them but
now we can now we can kami can't me yes
we can oh oh yeah probably better if you
don't do that because you haven't gotten
your shots yet you have to wait a while
for that it's seen that like look at her
she's trying look at her kind of roll in
bird poop
I mean you are disgusting do you know
that yeah I'm putting my foot over I'm
putting my foot down I literally am so
javis did the vacuuming as I like to
call it the outdoor vacuuming I can't
even see the screen just so right if
this is our heatwave though I'm not very
impressed because when this one doesn't
shine it's freezing but and I'm not
really sure at this time
why there because it's not a maternity
chop bulgy yes and it's short in the
front you guys can't see a band it's
short in the front yeah and long in the
back which is not ever ideal for
pregnant women because that just makes
you look fat like look look CHUM's you
see me design it isn't doesn't really
like it's just because it's not designed
properly
exactly exactly
no no it was your hairline it was a
mixture and it was too late for me and
then I got like the apricot which is the
universal shade I was like I have to
like fix it like so I nation yeah so you
guys let me know if orange because do I
use fake tan and now I look like you I
think the color is okay just the elbows
yeah yeah Oompa Loompa elbows yeah so I
went over to the yeah I went over to the
shop to get yeah this underworld and it
turned out that the card wasn't in the
vlog ities so there was no transition
between there and here I just went to
the shop and I bought soup and
everything but there was no blood agrees
with me
cuz I wanted to get this cuz I love
Jedward Oh in a second what hostess oh
it's these people in the front of this
magazine forget those two forget you and
you these are the ones rafter lads let's
do it let's do it let's check it out
check him out
I'm very sure oh this and youtubes it's
actually really good em she actually did
a really good job
Linda McCarthy because I thought that
like a lot of times we do interviews and
stuff people seem to like take what they
want to edit a story you know because I
know they got to make their own story
but actually yeah that's why like I
don't kind of like for medium pressings
I don't talk about it all the time
because some of the stuff I read I'm
just like where what did you say where
did you get that information from but um
I'm actually think I think she did a
really good job you know so I'm going to
pros and the cons of it and all about it
if you're in Ireland um you you either
got this yesterday or you didn't gladden
you get it
I just bought I just took a picture of
it and stick it on Facebook to go to my
facebook on my Twitter if you want to
read it you missed it it's probably
still there just like scrolling the
timeline thing but um yeah I think it's
a I think it's a pretty darn good she's
a darn good jerk she's my favorite
journalist in the sunday world and she
was actually on the blog if you go back
up like two weeks ago or something like
that I'm just gonna say no okay I bought
the soup and I was all like yeah just I
have something but no
well I think my life just went in
backwards mode so I was gonna have the
chicken soup then I'm gonna have a
chicken burger because I'm like it's
Sunday guys okay
I've missed well in an episode under
starlight
I'm tired and cut the grass I walk to
the shop I fed the dogs ah come on
look at you what are you doing over here
on your own will you become new yo just
you're getting picked up you're getting
picked up for that okay that's what
happens that's do you wanna get picked
up
he's my like bad food you don't get
they're so cute oh so yeah I'm not gonna
have to change soup
guys I'm gonna have a chicken burger and
I really want to have the pots and the
compos and I really want to sort this
out because I think it's time I think I
might even be restricting its growth
because you know it's like you know when
I was younger we had like no monies and
we have to wear the same like pair of
shoes for like a hundred years long
years but for a good couple of years
like we're heading like one pair of
shoes and like one's good uniform and
what happened was that my feet grew but
my shoes didn't then I kind of have like
a bendy tail like my toes are like bent
like that because for too many years
they were squished into shoes that
didn't fit well essentially that's what
might happen to my plants and if I don't
move them you know because they've all
turned into sort of one big long jumbo
jumbo so I need to fix that up but first
let's get a cheeky bugger oh yeah little
escapers little escape artist
what's your head baby what's going on
here I can escape her
I often put them in sorry guys yeah yeah
Vanessa Tina's got him yeah okay
oh man there's like six in regard mental
I know they're doing it they're copying
see when I am from mom and math it's
wishy-washy time let's go let's go let's
go let's go who wants to go first he
wants to go first
come on you can go into I'll put your
boat in the same time you pop next now
guys huh what do you think of this you
want onto this news you know this I'll
do the washing bitch so how much she
would know I'll be first
I think well
you
