we just did lots of poop on watching oh
the way to go around systematically and
watch everybody Sigourney the poopies de
papi you say papi it's a poopy mr.
bumpy's mm-hmm
no boobies no cookies no sniffles no
sniffles all right I'm gonna bypass
breakfast we're gonna go straight to
lunch
nice nice nice nice listen tightness and
norton's brightness let's say you make a
tasty
it's just such a bradley's probably cuz
it's the only boy so he feels like he's
to fight yeah it's just like quiet and
like some dude do Liam tallest building
in the entire universe that is the
tallest building in the world it is well
yeah I think it is yeah then they built
this big it is oh my godness does that
give me a sense of um get a sense of
height woo no I don't need this bike to
the building I don't know he knows an
apartment it's like a structure and I
remember it was like the tallest
structure but no I think no one lives in
there yeah so we're heading into town to
get some stuff yo is getting some stuff
for a Sorento do you get clothes or
something was it not like tons or
anything but just like shorts maybe like
a pair of maternity shorts and like
couple of extra hand
yeah I'm looking at some underwater
equipment so I can film underwater all
the way under there it's gonna be so
much fun
maybe some snorkeling stuff hello like
I'm a new leather jacket on come a
little bit of fur that's maturity
licious yeah I should be leopard so you
got leopard you should have done your
hair like Frankie from jerseylicious oh
god no no my hair actually is like the
other guy you know the M the other guy
in the salon you know gate though yeah I
don't know maybe okay don't put me in a
box okay you don't know me you don't
know me why just cuz I married you
doesn't mean I'm not gay
gonna be like that actor thing who carry
hey Dad bisexual I don't know that Cary
Grant with somebody else but one of them
anyway wouldn't like the big ones he was
married to like three different women
and then a guy he known he was gay
little time oh and he had kids and
everything oh I've got kids dogs the
whole lot huh you never know little
surprise I don't like thinking mmm I
like looking at pictures of women nice
seriously but I think it's a girl thing
girls like looking at pictures of girls
yeah I can never look at pictures of
like um you know men in their underwear
or anything I just never do I really
look at pictures of girls in bikinis
that's cuz men aren't like beautiful you
know women are beautiful in a sense a
man is like the man's attraction is
usually based on like his ruggedness or
sykes
it's just different you know
like hey we have so much ink I know oh
my god we should hang out
oh let you nip in here no it wasn't
advertised that way I was advertised
that it was really sunny and warm there
what it what is it what is it made out
of
whether Pleasant leather because it's
not real light no no because it's kind
of like but it's really strong okay yeah
that's what I found out this morning but
it's been I actually showered after
putting that stuff honors are gonna oh
my god my baby's bottom it's so soft
that's like the softest my skin is
everything what about at the end after
these three days is it like a hoodie and
outside
what how does it work I think it's like
just a neck
well like it's permanent scarf it is
nice
maxi dresses
yeah maximum dresses this place is
insane go guys like pennies is crazy
it's like 100 million people here
there's kids out the door like it's just
mentally busy it's nice though it's got
the high-waist ii thing on it yeah but
so why do i could be a good day like 9
euros it's crazy
Oh guys I found my a my smile ugh across
Toronto nice we go my New Jersey look
guys it's crazy give me comments if I
should I know I really loved that one no
because I don't think the large is are
very big you know quite small yeah yeah
quite small it was like my biggest part
is my shoulders I pledge I enormous
shoulders yeah but the rest of me is not
that ginormous lazy lazy bums huh lazy
bums like it I'm taking the elevator
I've never taken the elevator in a shop
before never feel kinda bad look at the
amount of stuffs oh my goodness one
thing too many I never knew about
pennies our prime market yeah someone
should have told me you should told me
Ricky's huh
so told me hmm look at you
don't you get whoa is that for the
wedding and not for Elise is it it is so
cold I'm right it's so dark and dusky
does that seem really dark like it's the
winter or something are you actually
even talking to myself over there
choose like jeans yeah the words just
ended
that's the way two minutes oh good sake
too many of us my G tops I like I got
American I check my hair all the time
me a couple of days
and then they do a 3d experiment tanner
no it's like a gradual moisturize
panting on me see there's only day one
takes three days well I'm gonna do three
days it makes you a little more time
like Anna I know this has darker cheese
look you'd be like you'd be like whitey
all right let's get it what's good here
dope office that is so awesome is that a
pizza with a salad on top like a silent
Pizza so cool everyone else that except
for me that's what I got
don't we got nothing Kofi's on to
nothing by it
that's way today you can all start don't
wait for me okay it is awry because I
felt that like as you know I had pizza
for breakfast today so I was like I
can't really get more pizza so I got
this bad boy which and has pizza slices
sake pizza crust it's got chicken and
cheese and salads and stuff
YUM Caesar salad and these need these
courgette things that I only recently
discovered YUM alright little piece of
toast Bhutan would I say Jets I always
think you dead so I think it's my
trademark oh my god I look like John
Pass
I think it's probably cuz we go in town
like in the day and I can a week days
and stuff of that you just don't realize
how crazy it is in the Saturdays I think
I'll go back to my weekdays early
morning week they shall face it yeah you
should see it's just super for everybody
thanks for watching
okay no it's like low this is less
options nice oh I like that color I love
that blue now we start like the Sailor
kind of blue will be Amelia what are my
little pony this stuff is really nice
it's not crazy money is it
Oh jumper that's for boys that I think
is it the Sun Hat so we're dealing with
wearing whenever the wedding oh my
goodness
next time we go to surrender though
she'll be coming with us
yeah we get all this stuff that - I love
the blue
I love the blue did kind of blue white
colors yeah whatever they're my dresser
my hat how long will I be in control of
the dressing I think I know where
they're like they don't work oh it
affords for nappies oh that's like oh my
god like a little dress I like nothing
can stop me that would be tomahto
yeah look even all this stuff like they
just look it's been a blue-white you
know the vertical and the horizontal
stuff will you ever hurry up and half
the baby like yeah this is Sun it's
unlike really impatient at this stage
like you know we've been short on you
know come on oh my god
Oh Oh God okay we'll take it off
we'll take it off oh look here's the
socks these ones here these are not not
that one
just that alright wash worse
oh my god yeah boy or girl is so awesome
there are snow cones
how would you want a baby now look at
this not so cool like it's not for us
it's for a friend of ours and her boy is
too almost two years old where I fooling
send him like they're in Americus we're
like what again I'm sitting like kind of
like you know Irish like which as a
little girl - what do we got sure the
girls stuff we just got the girl like
pinky stuff
nobody cute it's like a set though I
just don't know what I think it's cool
oh wait a minute you're saying I'll
definitely get him the little Irish
thing then that's really cool stuff
anywhere everywhere now what's there
always
like a new thing or something this is
Topshop
giving my Topshop is to view and I could
it's like calendar three thing like
visiting art gallery
it's not cool of you
and then
to be glass billet I've come over here
to get away from all the did you have an
enjoyable look a casino I didn't notice
that either did you have an enjoyable
day shopping okay what is the first
thing that's gonna remind you of they
used to be they used to be down at the
front though yeah
director's cut yeah it's just when you
look at you just think YouTube so what's
next
we did it holy crap as the most I've
ever shopped in my life 100 euros gives
you a lot of floating in pennies no it's
crazy
did you miss us did you miss us did she
loses voices let's go around here huh
let's go down here huh if you miss us
you attack it
you guys are so cute you guys are so
cute oh yeah oh my goodness what are you
doing in there huh look at the amount of
stuff I bought guys like look at you man
oh
clothes and stuff it's crazy it's crazy
that I overdo it upward to it oh my
goodness it was just so much fun running
along just putting everything into my
bag
what are you doing are you guys just
gonna live here now on my new clothes
kids on oh I thought someone got up
it's so cute it's so cute it's just so
cute hello hello hello the GAVI puppy oh
she's gonna get you
she's gonna check you they just love
Alby they love playing with I'll because
they know you had a chainsaw you know
but it's like you know your older
brother or sister like like I used to
run it's my older brother and I used to
roam beside him you know and I feel like
free dance just to get a chase off like
are you grown up designed it like
knowing that or knowing you're like you
know like put your run away back you
know yeah exactly exactly rolls over she
wants to do
all right all right he's coming in he's
done poo crap
ah boo hoo it's the plan we're just like
that guys what's in there you're handed
no oh okay
okay maybe it was something and it's
invested in me now
oh my god just put your hand in there
you're in my way and there's like a
hundred dogs in the way hi guys welcome
to Patrol there's no toilet paper in
here
poop Patrol as inefficient fun fishing
inefficient
I can always just pick it up with my
mouth and swallow it I'm a beep can't
even see me or me see me happy customer
officers customer officers here Oh guys
are you crazy are you crazy are you
crazy bug mm-hmm is it crazy dog
I love these conditions look at em m8
just for me fresh pizza pasta pie look
Santino is fresh pasta all Italian homes
are flour and passed on their helmet the
table they do whoa
that is a monster what is that dude is
that for like a little startling look at
this crazy thing I got a VIP invitation
this is no ordinary event
congratulations
nice VIP that's me I rolled the VIP
peeps very important I should be div
very important vlogger
and everybody do you love the homemade
pasta do you know what the homemade
pasta more than me bring it in oh yeah I
ever watched the middle slices yeah you
get a corner then they those are the
best see you taking the corner one yeah
no one wants a corner it's like it's all
about middle sizes middle arts slices
what do you prefer
do you like the crusty side or what is
this thing
Bernie it's a coffee cake but there's no
coffee in it I don't even know I don't
like chocolate stuff on the top oh boy
oh boy okay
you excited it was really good we should
like steal something at home is that the
minified I think it's a pit but then
yeah but then it'd be their design
middle-sized anymore with a stingy end
so I was parking four guys what's on the
parking Abed huh no mm-hmm
actually got loads more of it today it's
got plenty of it to go around but um
this is day two do you guys see a
difference already I think I can't see a
difference around when sort of back and
stuff you know I definitely worry yeah
well my freckles and stuff are you can
definitely see a bigger difference and I
think so
mm yeah definitely look at my arms here
like you definitely see as her a
difference and I said there's any patchy
stuff but you've actually go away as a
progressive so the good thing is there's
no exfoliation so I this horrible brush
thing here isn't coming with me today
I'm very thankful about that and you
think what about that yeah
a smurf hey why is it a smurf in our
hall it was a smurf mm-hmm who's hit
that put that smirk there I'll be there
playing with your Smurfs their premature
smile
oh he's such a cutie pie is a J cutie
pie
say goodbye bye say bye bye say bye bye
bye bye guys I'll see you tomorrow don't
forget to hit the like button okay it's
right there look
oh I care for you but you're shy popular
yourself - okay love you bye kisses hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
