all right he's getting ready to film the
how to hold Oh get super idea how do you
break up with somebody if you wanted to
know okay this guy's is that
professional me I never got scripts toys
oh yeah
we're profesh aren't we professional
he's got this is damn this is the
catering manager here this is the
security
all right oh it's the bright light okay
did you watch the video did you like the
video this is a full week I've done a
full week of them producing the episodes
for the satellite today it concludes my
yeah my preliminary contract with the
style die yeah what's your name got
responsibilities Abbi you can't break up
with someone once you have puppies with
them hey guys welcome to the first ever
episode of the newest show on the style
diet you're there to ask questions we're
here to answer questions
oh crap my problem this is I mean it's
Harrison you guys yeah yeah you're super
what are you doing you're supposed to be
the chief grip wears best boy we got
coats we're here we've got to number
three on the end that's all we had two
more and then the sign-off but um
battery died card filled up it's not a
rock and it doesn't make any noise it is
gonna be good video it's gonna be heavy
at it boy damn I hope you guys like it
it's something I wanted to try out with
this format this will be a Friday format
you know the Friday format guys I'm
gonna start
via France Butte a bronze beauty guys
that I'm totally jealous look at the
Carver look yeah that's okay though
so for Tuesday style that video I wanted
to do and sort of review went on and as
a man getting tan tan man
had to be the tan man ten minutes
because I'll never meet any men I am ten
men
that's it doesn't go anywhere else
because I didn't know I was gonna review
it or anything so thank you so I didn't
like film myself day one day two day
three but we have kill fest and our
office is really jealous so it's my time
room we're gonna do like from the
beginning like how we apply it like what
we did to prep for it the next day and
then it takes about three days so over
the next two days but you guys you guys
who watch this show you'll get to see it
happen over the next three days of how I
start to become a Brown and beauty
because like oh yeah that's right like
so many of my friends but it's not fake
time it's the moisturizer yeah I
wouldn't wear fake tan
yeah the moisturizing sounds Ireland the
only downside I have to have a shower
every day for three days like
that'sthat's kind I so benefit downs I
guys like a couple of days you know
whenever there's like what I were right
when you go to sleep at night or if you
wake up and the pillow sticks to your
head you know it's like I think I should
have a shower now but sometimes the
longer you don't shower the better your
hair goes don't wash your hair if you're
trying don't put your hair don't put
your head under don't put your head
under yeah you can have a shower without
wetting here guys don't do that because
you'll ruin your hair you don't even put
your hair up I put my hair up and I just
wash myself but how could you possibly
have a shower without getting your head
way that doesn't make any sense to me
it's so easy and then if you need to
wash your face or your face under no
hair
yeah yeah I got I got to see this this
is crazy
I'll let you know if it works guys are
we starting today yeah we have to if you
want to do it for Tuesday okay we'll
start after we come back from the
doctors and the photographers No
oh is that at night yeah cuz we're gonna
see ya Lindsey the doctors now what is
this what is this is it's just that I
check up twenty-foot it's between the
consultant checkups to make sure the
Baba's okay tada although our doctor so
funny because he's like he's so chilled
he's like don't worry about that
remember last time I made him used yeah
heart monitor hurting the Doppler thing
he's like Oh save your such now now I'm
not doing it yeah but now I have to go
tell him cuz he's gonna see in our
forums that we've moved to like we have
our own private consultant now I'm just
like why would you want to know and
that's like everything will be fine
it'll work yeah we're like he would just
be like I never need to meet a
photographer for I think it's a quirk
echo something I'll let you know when it
comes out reviewing court or just by the
echo every day and the venture you'll
see it I didn't probably pick
oh my god private oh it's so stupid
right because like my folder that I need
for my pregnancy and everything which is
like private and confidential has like
my MRI number on it and your address and
my address and like everything it's an
address yeah it's an address but it's on
both freakin site so every time this
it's like in my lap or something I
always have to remember like it's
impossible to cover up because you turn
it over and it's on the other side so
dumb Oh
so we're late we're dead late and it's
our appointment time our appointment
time which they're always late anyways
like you always going to the waiting
room yeah wait for a long time anyway so
I don't feel too bad but at the same
time it's like hello
stupid yeah it's just crazy traffic we
left on time but we did not plan for
this traffic at all easy to means that
because I planned it the photo shoot
thing was to be it I am half three which
is one hour from now so I hope we make
it
but it's lashing rain so like and I just
wanted it was like boy band sheets you
know where it's gonna be raining and
I'll be like fifth in my hair up it's
just so stupid though yeah it's stupid
are you asleep
like well you know what 17 days tows a
rant oh oh ah how long this very good
thank god this is just like dire its
particle fun right on the wing in
sorrento going money back you see they
did sorry we're taking the baby out
there
alright task was done doctor was there
everything's great wait everything on
target earnings everything's burning in
24 weeks
woohoo I trusted you Castle this is not
the cash out of castle no it's to be a
crock castle there's an icon so it is a
nice castle they gave me at the gates a
I'm gonna do a quick drive-by first off
because we're quite early and it's kind
of raining a little bit
he's got a huge Observatory in it
does you can park here oh that's perfect
then um if there were spaces if there
are spaces you can finally figure
something out it's our new home guys
check it out
love it so we're just recording we're
here because don't ignore the
photographer behind me okay that guy
there don't mind him like we're just
gonna show you this lovely castle
because this is our home this is this is
just an at home sort of photo shoot with
us yeah and you mentioned the castle
what is the tent you guys you look at
these photographs you can be like oh my
god remember that time that was actually
happening well this like you're
happening right now make it like we're
having a good time like that again okay
and I just come in to tell you that okay
and that would get old all together cuz
I was in it together most of the shots
Harley
that I should be that is good okay
you're looking into it a little bit okay
as it goes with it probably put up pull
it up towards me a little bit Jonna
that's it okay well okay you're like
yeah okay I wonder what it's like the
first time you have to give out to your
child
you know the first time you have to
discipline them you know we were just
joking there because Emilia is trying to
get me to go to the bagel bar
well according Amelia's telling Hannah
she is she's kicking is freaking hungry
because it's quarter to anything I know
but I've got a deal of editing and those
who work to do yo and then we've gotten
plus like we have to food went shopping
yesterday so but anyway leading me on
because I was telling her to go to her
room and and not to be acting up but
what's it like the first time you
discipline your child you know and
you're like no it's bold bold you know I
don't need you do that oh god oh god oh
god okay so yeah what's it like the
first time you just kind of like you
feel really like bad you're gonna go to
your room I'm furious with you why don't
you go to your room and think about what
you're done and then two minutes later
you're like please tell me you still
love me please come back to me well it's
not like I don't think it's like there
is a first time like that yeah
gradually like for example you get more
and more noise puppies they are too
small they don't understand when I shout
at them or when I give it yeah yeah Jojo
I've started doing things like you know
if they try and get into every time I
open the door to they run in charge yeah
yeah yeah they open them up or something
you know I don't want them in there yeah
no no no no no and they don't understand
and then sometimes they look over you in
their life
she do it you know they don't they don't
get it but where they were going to get
them to understand
that's the way that's a well there I
don't know what you guys will be there
will make you guys give out we'll do a
blog TV when the child Falls and we'll
say like sit here now for a moment these
people want to talk to you read the
comments oh yeah they don't speak
English
and then they get to go to Toma voice
like mom's angry voice and Gary tune a
piano I've no moms angry boys
yeah
the pizza guy just came and took the
tops ran out the door to him like what
what's that what's that guy he was
laughing when the doorbell right I came
in sans number six dogs like charging
towards the front door huh there's such
cuties and I see no guys Friday spelled
backwards
spells pizza and it's Friday the 18th so
technically that means we have to get
like potato wedges as well yeah but the
18th is potato wedges
it was the 13th we have to get garlic
bread but because it's the agent we got
potato wedges now it is raining outside
so I'm also gonna have to get some Club
orange I'm not making I know I'm not
making these rules up these are the
rules set fort hindered by the word of
Joe Faso senior Joe Pass Oh Albie look
you gave her apricot ears he did please
get the apricot asinus man who's got to
hear for kinda stairs is everything
she's trying to get me a little thing
Lewis idiot is he gonna get this and he
gonna get it he gonna get it up oh yeah
who's got a Willie oh yeah look at these
two look at them waiting all right pack
it open look at the tyranny was sitting
there they know it again these guys
don't know what's done you're like party
party biased you got what I got
that is definitely not my pizza would
you get veggie oh yeah I know orders the
full house the full migi maximum house
and then takes all the meat off it's
like a full meaty maximum house without
the ham and the beef and the pepperoni
and the chain this is what I got I've
never gotten this before guys I always
turn that away I don't want to even give
it to me whoa it's called a barbecue
something order nice it's like a
barbecue sauce instead of tomato sauce
they smell it today I think they have
started I think they have started to get
a taste you know a taste for things like
a sneaky a smelly taste for things I
know
Deena's like hey Jacqueline I would use
a package
oh no no they did it again
okay every time
sometimes I like the chili sauce guys
they're like did you yeah like I'll be
like ah be he's gonna be a rugby player
you're gonna be a rugby player again
he's gonna play for a Munster when he
grows up
all right let's watch some television
tell a vision don't tell a vision
television the caseros Polish sprawling
of the doggish sprawling oh this is
whenever you throw something in the
ground the puppies all seem to
you know either deal do you think it's
like is he in pain but there's no sneezy
season
I am so full of pizza I am like pregnant
pizza pregnant
I'm pizza pregnant guys I need to get
some maternity wear it should sell
maternity wear for when you eat pizzas I
am I am one I'm one hour along have one
hour long oh my goodness but I'm we
forgot we've no washing we forgot to
write a scrubber thingy so we got to go
to the shops and get the scrubber thingy
Oh have you got to mind the head streets
a miner has tea for everyone me too
okay yeah mind the house guys what - in
an RV okay okay come on Guam puppies
puppies puppies
okay I'll be up I'll be in the house
here they are find the house boy in the
house mine the house mine the house in
the house there we go
see that good - mommy - mommy - find the
house
where is it they definitely have a
definitely have a definitely that's the
good one
and the dark ones oh look this white
ones we don't have anything that they
work they're like the best ones Oh Anna
Jeanne what it is not yet not yet
did I you should know what that was
that's what you need when you're
learning to drive in Ireland all right
hello hello hello
so we are going to start Tuesday's video
Tuesday's video on Friday seems pretty
good I guess because the Oh best way to
do this is to show a gradual over a
couple of days you know which i think is
probably best like and you guys can see
in a blogger this actually makes a
difference because I'm tired of being
pasty Peter I want to be can't Terry or
jerseylicious jovis yeah that's the one
we gotta go it just doing we're looking
at which is the Dove summer glow deep
complex voice dry cycle but um it's a
subtle but I don't went from our Irish
to jerseylicious in like two or three
days so I'm hoping I'm hoping to the
data I'm gonna actually um I kind of
like shape are gonna like trim a lot of
this away because I just feel that like
in order together because otherwise if I
because I'm gonna put my face is black
cuz I don't wear makeup so how do i
light up like a white face so I'm like
well my train is if I don't turn this
down and then I do Kim is down in a few
days
I'll have quite patches here and here
and haven't looked fairly odd wouldn't
Cena and Cena's little spot and Sochi
how he goes over there okay
okeydoke ease okey-dokey sjv is done
that's bad enough I don't to be too
clean cuz I wanna look like Justin Joe
first job is Bieber next thing is to
have a quick shower just England
exfoliate the skin before applying and
then we apply the stuff and then
tomorrow morning I wake up and I'm like
still this is all like so good to get in
the shower and kind of exfoliate and I'm
thinking like no no you need to
exfoliate with this bad boy right like
that and he was like what he didn't even
know this is coming and I just like yeah
this is the best part this is like you
should film this because this is gonna
be really funny because foliate all the
dead skin cells off of your body before
you you ten okay no secular motion yes
or no doesn't do anything it does I
don't like it I know your elbows
remember how my elbows look oh no no
you're making it up I'm not making it up
you must put a cream or something
no you don't it's really good for
circulation circular motions party come
on get in there
this is so painful don't get used to it
you get used to this hey dear elbows
seriously no we should be filling this
for a white channel though and you have
to do your legs and your tummy and your
bike and everything in your bubble
oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
