don't be coffee's go pick up because
good morning and I hope you've had your
amount of water that's necessary for you
to sustain habitable life like my
friends over here this one here wow it's
so cool isn't it
I'll even this thing look at this sky
rocketing sky rockets at night afternoon
delight nice I'm gonna actually have to
move these guys because I was thinking
when we're in Sorrento how are these
things going to be what everyday because
they are guzzlers thinking just a drink
just about as much water as I drink so
I'm like whoa
so I'm thinking maybe today if I have
time we gotta see the Starlight episode
and that's gonna take a couple hours now
so hopefully I get enough time to go out
and I was thinking up on like one big
long like a trophy kind of thing and
then transferring everything today into
one big huge thing outside in the garden
that way whether nature can water it
while I'm not here she could just
drizzly drizzle on it you know I think
that's am I think that's a good idea you
know I think it's because otherwise how
are you supposed to have indoor plants
being watered while you're away it
doesn't make any sense to me
I think I'll be okay outside right like
I think they're ready you know I feel
like my mom's like I don't know if
they're ready to move off the cottage to
my breakfast oh I went when a yogurt a
Perriman I love these Irish yogurts
they're so tasty so I'm going to cheesy
cheeses and a pile apples and the water
scene is having some Warner puppies
having some milk and the rest are
probably fast asleep sooner nope yep yep
puppies sleepy sleep alright just about
to film to stylists I was just making
some music to rehearse a little tune
nice
and that is how the music is created and
that's a wrap folks that's a wrap
nice here comes the bride 60 inches wide
only around oh my god I'm like 34 to 36
so I'm still bigger than you so keep
that as a peace of mind
yeah oh so very different toys nice meat
is funny in there what are you doing she
was thinking so much last night
yeah I know I know you actually see
you're like he's crazy
so actors and models can be excused for
today
the production team need to meet back
after lunch so jealous son yeah there's
a deli eat near us and we never even
notice already like in the queue and I
didn't get any because I thought that
you might know like you know you don't
want to pick what you want and I you
know I would want so let's go check it
out
viral video I was talking about this
yesterday with girlf it's like should I
say it on the vlog or not because it's
kind of controversial but then again
everything everywhere sorry the vlog
wait anyways okay so you know when
you're the
don't think that I'm saying that I'm so
unbelievably hot or anything because
that's not what I think at all I just as
a girl or a woman right I just want to
say this tape so you know when you're
out and you know you're a girl whatever
and you you get like maybe honked at if
you're like walking down the road or if
you're on your own that is like this
never happens if I'm with like other
people are with like jovis or anything
and you know maybe not so much in
Ireland but definitely in Italy and it's
it's like a cultural thing as well you
know it's more so it kimochi or anything
no but they just be staring like guys
stare at girls and girls sometimes
antara guys watch the girls yeah so I am
just what could i I really thought I
honestly thought that if a girl is
pregnant you don't get looked at anymore
like I really thought that and it
doesn't matter if you're pretty if you
look good
and I'm not saying that in a depressing
kind of like oh you're so ugly when
you're pregnant
right that's not what I mean I just mean
that I feel like when a guy looks at a
girl and sees the big bump he's like oh
well she's off-limits oh he won't even
look like give her a second glance but
then yesterday I went to get my MS
surprise I went to the shop on my own to
get soup and there was this guy and you
know who he reminded me of he reminded
me of if any of you guys watched the
white van man that's what he looked like
yeah he looked like him and he was like
a builder I know he was a I think
there's a bin man and he's got a
good-looking you know and I was dying
there in life and he kept looking over
now
I'm sure if some people in the comments
will be like oh oh that was just because
like he was so disgusted by you or
something but you know when you know
that a guy is kind of like not even
hitting on you but just yeah checking
you out and I was like why is he doing
this like I had this massive bump like
does he not know you know and I said I
tried to explain that way and he was
like no you definitely guys will still
if you look nice and if you're pretty or
if you just have nice hair and nice
makeup or you're making an effort like
guys will still it doesn't
 nice-looking people dude I mean
that's why you guys watch the vlog right
but I honestly I just wanted to be like
honest erratic because I'm not you know
I'm not trying to come off like I'm not
saying that I'm stunningly beautiful and
every guy always looks at me whenever I
walk around but it's just like it's a
girl and dicing like this happens a lot
of time together so when dies yeah if
you're looking over to see me and any
black well you know yeah I noticed that
you know especially like the cultural
thing that I was talking about well in
Italy they don't care no no but it's
different when I was in it from the age
of it 12 so when I started getting like
boobies and stuff I remember like it was
actually horrible like going to Italy
and people would like guys would like
stare or come over and like try and talk
to you and stuff and when you're 12
you're still a child like you don't want
that at all and then yesterday I
realized like oh the bump doesn't
actually deter people so it kind of made
me feel that I'm not gonna like kind of
made me feel good so it's kinda like I
still got it
because you know one of y'all frumpy and
stuff either but you know even if you
and Jonathan and I talk about this
openly like I know that some people get
upset when they when they see him say
something like oh it's I do it for the
girls or for the hot ladies or whatever
and like that doesn't bother me and it's
the same the opposite way around like I
told I came back home and I told her I
was like some guy was checking me out at
the at the shop and I thought you know
he wouldn't cuz of my bump and he was
like yeah of course he would and you
know he wasn't like jealous or anything
we don't get jealous of each other cuz
we're perfectly happy we both love each
other are both extremely attracted to
each other but it's nice to be checked
out like come on people
let's agree okay it makes you feel good
about yourself like seriously look at
this really hot guy oh my God look at
him he is so hot it's a really broad
topic is it it's really interesting as
well oh my god guys look a new addition
for my farm check this
because we need this no chicken starter
kit on my witness we should totally get
Justin here Lucy and Lizzy they are like
they just nibble on your box at home or
whatever you got their hands trying new
things
I don't we didn't know what to do
Ã©xito it hey I think I've got humor
laughs from Mike in the studio days and
I don't know if they actually serve sir
you seem like the kind of sheepish no I
just said to invite like pastor thing I
went to the Italian past o menos like
comes with Hamlet when he put chicken on
that it was like general problem and
then that was the end of our
conversation then we don't know
lasagna may arrive
nice it's really good this place is
really good let's see if it tastes good
done well so just go you through my
kitchen here like no space puppies are
all resting finally Oh
once get enough because they were so I
throw it I got home and as much as it
was really cute I was trying to like
clean up around them and they kept one
of them I freaking put his or her nose
I'm not I think was tio actually him
into hit into like a disinfectant spray
oh my god and then he started sneezing
and I was like yeah that's so you don't
do that I actually shared it out him
because I'm kind of it they don't
understand they're too small yeah but
when when ever seen I was little and we
had them in the other house I used to
like shout out at her like scream in her
whatever she'd go close to the banister
and that's how she she wouldn't like
screamer her like horrible I just like
haha and then she'd know that that
wasn't alleged so I'm trying to like do
the same thing with the puppies but
they're still too small they don't
understand I shout at them when they
just look over me like oh so anyways I
just I don't want them to get poisoned
by the spray but I had to you know
puppies are a lot of work um so what
about these by the way but for puppies
they're even more work but I'm just
thanking my lucky stars that this
happened well we wouldn't have even had
a happen later on but like that it
happened when I'm pregnant and not when
Emilia is like out and about in a boat
oh because that would be really
stressful because thankfully though I'll
be twittering and everything even if we
do end up keeping all of them
it'll be fine you know they'll be like
fully grown kind
by the time she comes so it's just hard
work because you have to constantly
clean constantly so you know I refreshed
all of their water and food and
everything no idea why this is a focus
hello and then I put down like fresh
newspaper because they had peed and food
everywhere obviously because we have to
do that and then I did laundry and now
it just looks like because the puppies
are all here it looks like there's even
less space for the library
oh yeah but I'm not complaining or
anything it's just like it's kind of
funny okay really what actually I'm
gonna buy the the Irish driver's license
puri test thingy whatever the thing that
I need to sit the exam or to study for
the exam because it's all updated so I
need to buy a new one I can't use the
one that my sister used so I need to buy
that snakes they have to start something
for that because I'm gonna take the
theory test again because you guys know
like the out the first one three no four
years ago so I'm making you office
coffee right now because he is super
tired okay this isn't working
see this is the not so good part about
vlogging because you have to do
everything with one hand so I'm just
gonna put you guys down for that you
know that ever since our machine broke
or stopped working this actually we've
been using the filter like this is what
my mom does every day and it is so much
better the coffee tastes way better
which just tells me how crap our machine
was it's awful but anyways so now I'm
gonna go I need to edit on pictures put
them together for the blog post the blog
post is totally late today because we
went out for lunch and that company we
did a big grocery shop and everything
and I also a problem I won't get to this
today but you guys are going to be so I
am going to probably this weekend tackle
this because it's really annoying and
every time I open it it stressed me out
so I'm gonna tackle that and just try
and get it more organized because it's
kind of crazy right now yeah I'm gonna
make Joe this is javi and we got this
coffee house blend Starbucks it's the
one that tastes the most like the court
coffee roasters one person this is our
tasty meal oh yeah that's the tasty meal
I'm talking about yep
chipper yesterday pizza today no school
tomorrow half-day today when we get a
holiday what do you do Disick no I need
him hmm
what's your game fun what's your major
game plan oh where is everyone
well wait am I am wearing my flower pots
outside
I'm a flowerpot that side oh my god look
can I trap you inside a flowerpot
oh is that cool is that cool okay again
zai zai sorry H Bop oh my god you can
put one under each one in them you know
I need to be like okay we're just let me
find a puppy find a puppy
do we do that really are you that cool
where this is the hot
it's a new trend it's a new style
I'd be styling yo so no thanks for a
cooking lesson and nutritious healthy
dinner all we need to do is teach Emilia
have to put on pizza and she is
self-sufficient I know that's it if you
teach your child to you know your Visa
card number off by hearts right know how
to log on to the website to order the
food and then like your child is
self-sufficient they don't need to drive
they don't need to do anything oh my
good god
good Kotnis good gardener stuff team try
a straight knee that's my ones my the
bottom one or this year the bottom one
are you thinking about pizza right now
are you thinking I'd love a TC Peter
joke kind of sucks though all the good
shows are ending all the good shows are
any guys like everything's everything's
having finales and and endings and stuff
I and I'm like ah ha man I love the
summer but I'm so upset that all the
shows Wow think I'm crazy
Oh pooping
oh I see the poop um i see the poop um I
see the problem
let's sit there it's there Oh seen it
yeah Tina's gonna take care of that oh
my god see that this one this one no he
was already gone
crap what is it where are you we just
had the best idea that any human has
ever had to see exist since the creation
of mankind yeah
was it it was your idea you get all
credit but since the dawn of time since
the creation of mankind there has always
been something lacking in this world
there has always been something missing
in this world and you know what it is
guys roboball roboball honest who pays
roboball UN's poo pays are you ready hey
are you ready
turn it on open it up is it open
yeah and her done I call forth
go do it
oh go get it let's go back
oh and let us in the head in the head
oh he's afraid though where's your toy
where's the toy ob/ob I think it
probable oh come on Abby its toy okay
happy happy happy
good boy good boy look at the wrong ones
get up with you over they have one each
from our teeth is that the cutest thing
you've ever seen in your life
is it did you everything in here is that
knitted oh well I see no he's running
behind it
you got one genome
well you know what
look how quiet they all are for once in
their life this is like the quietest
they've ever been
okay so you know I think you got it I
think you got it awesome guys hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
