so the puppies want to come we're like
kind of one and jump
hi see that IPO I do what you doing you
can't come up here cuz it's carpet I'm
sorry
see look they're getting better though
you might need to get well we actually
do need to get a baby gate anyways so I
think what we'll do is we'll get a baby
gate and then obviously just keep it for
what a movie that comes but look the act
is like one name she look she's trying
to jump up they just hate not being able
to get on hey they're so funny okay I
need to get down I need to see if we
actually have anything that I can fix
for lunch
cuz I don't think we do even though he
went to Tesco yesterday it was just a
small run we didn't get any hi oh my god
my pants
oh my god my pants look at that can you
guys see that covered it limit IBM gap
hi Bianca hi Bianca hi Bianca hi hi how
are you I know where that wave deep
breath okay I have nothing to eat
for a lot maybe you want to say hi you
want to say hurry
yeah say hello say hi hi hi Manas banker
I make you like ogee magorium who you
who are you who are you nuvvula look at
her birthmark that's how I know it's
noble and her little eye oh my god
what's wrong what's wrong oh my god you
guys are such little brats right - thank
you
yeah excuse me that's my cupboard I was
like are you gonna leave your army stuff
he's like yeah next day
Oh your army stuff was still yeah are
you gonna move it yeah and then he gets
annoyed at me he's like the would keep
not he says I'm knocking him but it's
just like it's still there like what the
hell is this it's kind of like making me
I want to move it but I don't know where
he wants a new visit to and I think I'm
like yeah it's dirty as well
bacon bulky it's gonna take up the whole
thing the whole washing machine so we're
going to the shop to get some soup
because we have no food for lunch feeds
so I think joke I said it's for euros or
something
I'll trying it - just havin more chicken
and vegetable for jovis and mixed
vegetable for me seems kind of weird
needs to be eating on a hot day cream
pops I say hot that's like 10 degree
there's something but it's done it's
what I kind of mean actually it's funny
bit more than 10 degrees let's be fair
but I'm gonna make my soup now our six
oh this is my present from Bev and Doug
they were so nice they sent me this
twist and post in here oh my god there's
something in here I think is that oh no
twist and pout I'm very intrigued oh my
god it's a lip gloss or lip balm I
didn't even realize like like twist and
pout on facebook to win free stuff that
is so cool
I just opened it up and I think I need
to remove this thing here come on look
ball mania premium lip balm SPF 20 I
didn't even realize I'm such an idiot
I just read it it was like twist and
post it was twist and pout thank you
guys oh my god I did not know this I'm
such an idiot I'm definitely putting on
my keychain guys this is so cute okay
this is like family fun at its best
look at Cena she's sleeping in the bed
next to feel that's Theo beside her
heard of the boy and then Albie is
taking this opportunity to eat his lunch
because I'll be afraid to eat now
because the kitchen is pretty much puppy
territory he has the living room you
know that
during the day but he is just like
munching the way the others are all
asleep in a toy bed because they lost
that bed they love the toys which is a
good thing because I'll be network not
are you playing with them anymore and
like we have all these toys but I just
think that's so cute
what they just did and then I'll sing
that and her little boy are just amazing
good boy oh boy
come on don't wake up the others thanks
meanies all right it's chicken and veg I
know it looks like very little but it's
cuz it's not the Coleen so only one
didn't have any left chicken and
vegetable yeah thank you very much thank
you thank you did they know that the
puppies can't get up
he knows the puppies can't get up come
on let's go let's go up what let's go
guys what come on up they're gonna get
so annoying
so we just got a call there from the
Popo
why not the Popo we got a call that from
the the tenancy board you ever in I had
a place that we lived in they held our
deposit and then we fought it and then
they were all like yeah forget about it
all you ain't going it you ain't going
to beat the man we said work on but once
he got in the man so we decided to take
on demand
we didn't give up and it's maybe two
years later almost isn't it yeah I think
so like now we we farted all the way
we've brought up Decorah we stayed
strong we stayed true one year one year
a bit over a year though
yeah so it looks me why you know rush
for it so we held our end and then they
called me yesterday and and then finally
got to the top of some sort of a pile
and they were like oh look we're sending
you a really important letter you know
make sure to go get in the normally we
don't go to Rio boxes went yesterday
because I thought it might be there
yesterday but it wasn't so yeah so and
so we're going again today we're flying
in anyway but I wanted to drop it to my
kids anyway so it kind of worked out
plus you wanted to buy some maternity
clothes or something was it giving it so
hopefully it's a big cheque and what
just money like and an apology
I'd add it up it's probably like it's
obvious ease come up and add it one day
probably look like you know is there
saddleman reach can we start this out
before it goes to court and stuff like
that but my guys that guys I am fighting
this all the way or it could be letter
to say I'm sorry
you're an idiot goodbye but anyway we're
gonna find it in a few minutes be
excited and it was exactly what we
taught and it's saying that the cases
the case has been approved and is
definitely going ahead because they
believe there's a viable case for us
paper based case so now we're going to
submit loads of evidence and stuff like
that call call our witnesses talk to my
friends to submit in writing any
information which you may wish to submit
in support of your claim so can I need
all you guys to come forward and go into
witness protection
this information must be received by the
PR TV within 21 days of the date of your
receipt of this letter which is today
beginning on the date of delivery please
note that the prit be used so today
right yeah yeah right all documentation
is a minute will be sent to the other
parties on the adjudicator the onus is
on each party to block out any personal
contact details or other sensitive
information on this submitted
documentation you don't because you
don't want the plaintiff to be able to
find out where you live and come by and
stone your house or something but it's
also the responsibility of submitting
parties to ensure that they obtain all
necessary consents from third parties
refer to in submitted documentation
before submitting such documentation to
the PRI keep respect
if you wish to include photographic
evidence one printed copy copy coffee
must be submitted any documentation
marked without prejudice cannot be
considered as part your submission and
will be returned what and you guys
lawyers and you guys look at the
solicitors what the hell does that mean
PRI TV is also writing to all parties
refreshing them to submit all
documentary' with noise evidence in
support of this case within the same
deadline this is a plan we were supposed
to actually remember a minute ago when I
was out like number number sorry but we
are like yeah I never go into town and
we'll do the accountants check will go
to Popo check we're going square
shopping and stuff for you you failed
you know but there might be a midday
showing of the dictator you know because
I have four guys I yeah buddy I think is
a hack for showing I think the first
showing of the dictators on half for
today if that is the fact
could we go there and not tell them some
people took the dogs probably don't know
I love that that is that is amazing
Wow I only explicitly need to get a
GoPro cuz I wanted to some underwater
underwater vlogging the water are you
going oh you can't say great purchase
tickets today
Prez it Oh more thumbs
The Dictator was a right
check it oh my goodness so I'll take it
it's so funny isn't it one to proceed oh
my goodness that is so calm good you
ain't see Chico's so we've got like half
an hour to burn till the fillings on how
awesome I'm so excited I really wanted
to see the film I think we were like I'm
going to cinema be empty maybe this is
like the press showing or something
it's like who goes to the cinema have
four on a Wednesday I do on message I
did like red herring I love these kind
of little shirts you know because like
Sorrento is too hot to wear TV and it's
too hard to wear full sleeves and you
like that that is nice I like the way
it's kind of worn down you know that's
nice yeah you guys give me some comments
and some stuff here she get this one
this one that one
more like
yeah are they maternity em hot pants
these are named eternity versions what
you said you know you're looking for
maternity wear I was like on right and
we end up here
lovely Florida I'd be able to spot you
on the beach you know but like where's
Nene is oh there she is
maybe does look good in your car that's
what you should dress in your car in
your little pink car we found it red
herring maternity oh she looks kind of
cool reveal
you've loads of stuff here this is cool
skinny fit skinny fit pregnancy clothes
that's cool
I'll take something hold on a second
like this we're gonna see there this is
crazy midday cinema if you ever have a
need a cinema maybe some guys but they
had a mid-face enough come on Instagram
waiting for the movie to start but I
really want an Instagram it because and
nobody goes in there and that's like a
bonus in it I'll take a picture I'm like
come on
I couldn't get reception inside so on
that side I think that was probably the
most racist offensive thump I have a
person isn't it it's so funny though
right yeah yeah it was really does you
kind of know that that's what he's gonna
do and you kind of forgive him for it
but like oh my god there's some stuff in
that it's like you just like oh my god
just say that it's a tear again
I think it's oh it's not appropriate for
young viewers at all but
I think yeah I'm up you know pretty bad
I just think I like some of the stuff
like for them definitely if you are of a
certain mature I don't think you wanted
to watch it it is it is plain if you
know if you kind of know what he's gonna
do you know you know his style if making
it is crazy and funny good left to me
wait is it with the puppies hey that's
that's my honey that's my honey that's
attached to me are you gonna get it ha
ha ha are you after what do you have to
you after the camera hey give me that
back that's the camera give me that back
puppy give us something to pops
underneath the couch come jump in there
and bite you and pull you in there ok we
gotta go
not about what we're going so that's why
I open it what no no no no no no it's
not fine we're going to Casey's Nina
no we're parking on the street yeah it's
okay no no it's it's Susie it's cool
we'll just see you get the one of them
it's so crazy
tastes so good but this point
Casey's crazy
and we're done long queue cuboidal okay
not in your condition could you run
before we all move through run over a
pregnant person that's like double
murder thirsty come on this way shorter
shorter and more interesting
scaling leave take you down a stereo
Lane ring we're taking the snow he's
banished you guys my god scary anyway
you guys different Court and you guys
live in court and go to deaq cheese YUM
is it um hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
