look it's so cute it's pink I don't know
if that's showing up property it's pink
guys oh there's the macro kicking in
okay that's what it looks like oh my god
I've always loved beetles like they've
always been my favorite and I always
wanted like a little Beetle convertible
but I did not realize that you could
actually get it in pink like I thought
that was like only on Barbies I thought
it was a Barbie thing but turns out no
you've gotten you actually can't get it
in pink so I put it on my mom's Facebook
and much water that this was like this
could be my 25th birthday present keep
her so we'll see you'll see what happens
I don't think she's gonna spend that
kind of money on my birthday rusty but
oh it's so cute and I can't get it out
of my head
she's probably good things cuz
Jonathan's like well you know if that
encouragement encourages you to drive
but I know that by the time I learn how
to drive if that car's gonna be gone cuz
like every girl especially now
now that mentioned it was probably gonna
be sold to somebody who watches the
vlogs they'll be like oh my god it's so
cool so maybe I should delete this clip
so no you can have it
it's so cute looking we just said we're
just shooting some stuff for the
Starlight
it's so cool again Arthur again it's so
crazy it's a crazy you look so cute boom
peace and luck well obviously you can't
put that on
ready for anymore but this one here it
is cute it's like that this is for like
the normal time like this is just for
this delivery oh that's when you're
breastfeeding at home no this is for the
hospital like when people come to visit
cuz you don't need to be wearing this oh
that's just for delivery its operational
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
it's accessible drop us drop the Baba
I don't pair it like I bet they're
probably gonna be like oh we have stuff
already oh yeah no no I'm wearing this
pink stuff okay they'll try and force
you on today blues and greens I want to
be their assistants on set okay you guys
should have seen the laundry basket
yesterday it was so funny it's like this
tower of clothes like okay that's the
remnants of what's left because that's
the later wash which we're not doing
today we all just also need to buy a
dish water - watching what washing
tablet the personal whatever you know
what it's done
so yeah yesterday it was like literally
up to here like that's how high it was
it was crazy and Jonathan and I were
like where you need to do laundry but
we're just I'm just I was getting lazy
because I was just doing other things
and um yeah I hadn't done my laundry
Nagant although we don't have a laundry
basket well we do but it's got stuff in
it so I never use it
that's kind of inconvenient dofus is
just kindly editing my video because my
computer can't handle those files cuz he
used a different camera isn't that bad
Mimi's house has to be done
someone has to pay the bills around here
how many subscribers do you have
who cares about subscribers anymore I
care about my subscribers we are we are
making we are bringing a style into the
21st century
yo because I hate my camera it's like
crap like a TV you are too beautiful to
be a producer you are you are a
presenter I am a producer I am but I
actually like editing videos it's just
that mic well sometimes what we like to
do isn't necessarily what we're good at
I love you you're good looking pretty
and making babies look at this babe you
made it oh I'm Kevin you can't edit but
but like I'm better at it so wait I
actually like editing you know what
though well you know what you learn it
smash your computer and scream at it in
person in computer is like ancient but
no you know what I prefer during the
blog exactly I couldn't do it I've
always preferred the worst I always
liked you I mean I would just tell you
out guys what watch the style I know I
taught them to my friends yeah watch the
style like for this week okay because
I've taken over to satellite for a week
I'm the new executive producer and it's
a lie and seeing you guys think of this
week stuff and if you guys like it
awesome you don't like it then let us
know what you know like Jonathan no
cool guys look it's the army
there's does the entire and Irish it's
the entire dose can I just like you
that's the entire Irish Navy that's it
oh cool let's come out here like drawn a
picture or something oh I'm in wrong
lane
so I was just telling me that Emma went
to get her photo taken for to get her
passport picture and she went into the
boot you know she put in her money she
sat there was like just she doesn't four
times you know and then she got inside
and she waited for a little thing to
print that when her press it was one of
those like mocking and like portrait
Mona Lisa as Mona Lisa or something
she's gonna kill me for saying this
though sorry
nice maternity jeans oh is that the
stretchy stuff yeah that's awesome and
what are these like oh my god look at
lighting or is it dinner it's like it's
pretending yeah it's like half it is
denim and I think it has some spandex or
something in there spend xx did you
understand X yeah it's got a lasting
a stain blasting and cotton because I
think I checked before and then I got a
Trinity top as well oh we don't have any
maternity tops we know that I'm
eventually gonna start stretching it
stuff yeah yeah yeah it's just like a
really loose flowy one look at this
picture
it's our kitchen what and it's like I
was like what is that my friend sis did
this she's six it's amazing look it has
like your plan
I'll see not with all the pumps no that
is so cool our shed so it's actually
encounter artist than me yeah but it's
like amazing look at that like did the
detail detail of like our window even
the tiles on the on the wall like oh my
god that's amazing
here Jonathan Anna and Amelia I watch
you every night and I love the show I
think Cena alibied Bianca Nevaeh co
Nouveau so cute alright P Minnie can you
give them all a kiss from me on Amelia
you're out congratulations on Amelia
you're going to be a great mommy and
daddy the keyring is Fran I hope you
like it thank you good luck with the
pregnancy hope it all goes well lots of
love and luck charlie I know
or an you age 15 you make me love
Jonathan haha and then you did look
hello lb okay
doctored it's our main priority get the
dog food everything else you know hello
mrs. Aronson lunch
but we're obviously O'Brien's instead
I'm not right no no because one of its
disappointing of me
in front of me what's making up a
sandwich gonna make a difference like
I don't know I don't know I'm not ready
for that kind of experiment no no this
is obviously what Emma went into yeah
yeah like me anyway oh my god she's into
this this is where she didn't know how
is she
but like how could you mistake him -
they're gonna be good color things and
everything like fine she obviously
clicked on Leonardo or something how
could you make that mistake music
playing I know so we're gonna go to
Brian's because I will get crisps I
don't think the other place is gonna
give me crispy I love babies
chocolate biscuit cake and some sort of
Mexican thingy Poppins gives way to that
here so
unfortunately I can't continue this
conversation you want to wish my cousin
good luck in early research when does it
start 7 to June you're gonna get A's and
everything no get up
we'll be here today you get your results
I'll come round to your house right now
we will broadcast your opening it Oh God
you'll be awesome it'd be awesome guys
don't leave comments tell her to be
awesome just like my cousin Shh no no
I'm not a role model for energy be like
Anna so we don't actually need a charlie
but Nene's remember the little magic
device go on carjack be a carjacker
shoot well you did that work yeah well
obviously it's tickets
what's so quick ooh that must be the new
version so we got a trolley Perry those
two things is that what you're telling
me
who'd want these well they're pink
it doesn't zoom you would sporadically
just buy anything if it's pink you see
something's pink is I wipe did she tell
you about the car did you tell them
about the car style dis brush it was
like a bright pink car with Beijing here
a convertible Barbie car hey I cut the
grass every week
why this is why look you're fast it like
grows it's like crazy
okay faster grass grows like that's why
I cut it every week guys what are you
doing what do you got allowed outside
outside
you're not allowed outside let's try on
the new clothes new clothes look at your
figure jofi got some leather it's really
nice fun I need to boot some motorcycle
in your keys no it's nice in the back
because I have that quilt that quilted
kind of effect
oh you don't fit anymore it's the birth
date tomorrow
we met the groomers yeah she was so
excited as the groomers did she was like
did you have the puppies because last
time we went to the groomers scene it
was pregnant she's like I don't know if
I can quit her because she was afraid of
like you know do you think maybe
neighbor was okay
look at them they're stealing their
parents food and then we came across a
lovely young gentleman where are the
escalators going up yeah what was he was
so nice it was a Bolivian mean some pain
if you're watching this I didn't get on
the buggies because I was kind of dog
food and I had fruit in my hands but I
am what's up your hair so good yeah what
is things like oh I don't know it's
supposed to its first Oh like you can
sit on munchers
want you munch ursins thing you should
break out the pink one yeah do not have
a second one of them for water do I have
a third one look at them on what you
want your sense that's a really good
sign oh yeah it's just not fair to
Saudis yeah well it's fine but I'll be
won't won't be impressed
I totally have more bowls oh my god
there's a pink one in the car yeah I'll
go get that put the hooker inside for a
second journey to my egg
okay just for one second okay this is
the outside world what do you think what
do you think no no no no you can't have
anything you can't do anything you can
just look at the outside world for a
moment
no can't touch that either but look papi
airtight nope nope can't touch the
boo-boos is a lot of poopies around no
look this is what I wanted it in grass
well you think it is hmm
guys see grass keeping away from the
poop loose I don't even know what's
going on I totally understood the entire
world
so what's just changed boy the poo poos
it's the grassy knoll there's no way for
them to get no no no I think we'll just
bring him inside there anyway yeah yeah
was that fun huh is that a fun adventure
hmm okay airship for inside is coming
now I'll take two
take two please here we go yeah better
fun adventure oh my god that's so
different oh yeah because it's like it's
filled out now you do have a squishy
boob syndrome no the lady six look at
the length of your hair no don't don't
whine that
but seriously it looks so different than
last year
I know I just look like a different you
look like an angel though or something
yeah you get the long hair and the dress
and all you want was to painting this
humanists killed me yeah it is a little
bit too close to actual being a wedding
yeah you know this was gonna be your
wedding dress I think there'll be now
and I'm pregnant
I have to think because it's like you
know a nice little ruffle now I put it
and put a push in at your bottom so get
underneath your belly
yeah no no put your hands underneath
your belly oh I'm trying to decide yeah
like you can see it it is actually to be
free-flowing and stuff haha it can
actually hold their own whereas last
year and they were like just kind of
spiking there like they wouldn't you
know or anything but I'm glad I'm gonna
still take it yeah they're totally you
probably find a place to wear it though
you look really beautiful now that one
looks really pretty as well like the
maxi dress it's it must be deoxy veces
yeah like and this one is just my
underwear is wrong for this but see it
looks really cool it's awesome
everything figured something out you
look really 10 think that's what it is
cuz you look really tan and your hair
you look like you don't look like you've
just come home from Sorrento biscuit
yeah doesn't matter you look cool yeah
looks nice I have one more I think so
you don't have cuz that's why I'm gonna
figure out because you were like huge go
shopping yeah I get short and now I'm
figuring out yeah I part of yeah
maxi dresses he's he's better than a
drink he's having a break oh I smell
something roasted what is that
that's Sam some sort of a potato salad
that'll be nothing dead out here nothing
Deaver peepees the ear peopie's check
for khakis this one's you've been in the
laser game oh hey I shot you see meaning
for today let's go check on the tadpoles
it's like our usual routine from you
come and hear the tadpoles let's have a
look do I see any swimming life what are
these days guys we're gonna come over
here and there's gonna be frogs bounding
from the pond gonna be amazing good I'd
say
wifey know what's wifey no in Italian
what if I just take this one you gotta
pick one when I get the smallest one
Williams I hope you took pictures what
is it so what it even mess so it's my
round
rhubarb what's that naughty thing that
is the remains I can't even talk so and
I just had a couple of slices to herself
we're all gonna have some now oh my god
how much did you have
here's the most amazing thing in the
world ever why is it funny the first
time is it like you owe 30 backwards 23
when you 24 backwards 42 ah
everyone's their age backwards it's a
new thing it's a new trend that was
really funny are you guys ready are you
guys ready
why is everyone is everyone nope no
auntie Hayes no no no what are you doing
no and yes I don't know what the
Pringles thing is is this what he keeps
thinking I don't get it is it is gonna
be some joke is it are you you all got
paid from Pringles to come here ah
sponsor all right are we ready you're
all going to put your back okay
here we go here we go there we go all
right who wants to ban them love it is
give me a hey Oh where's everyone there
we go Matt goes on do it do it do it oh
my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness okay we're gonna nip over I'm
not gonna go to room I'm gonna just pick
around the room but room one kind of
sucks so that's got a room
it's me boy in waiting room to do it do
it
he's waiting room two
y'all taught you thinking I'm never
gonna I'm not I'm not gonna it's not
gonna happen Tiny Tim it's not going to
happen Tiny Tim what just happened my
god I've just happened
it just happened Tiny Tim give room 1 a
chance all right we're gonna go to room
1 all right here we go
goodbye room 2 we may be back soon all
right all right okay okay okay
all right go to jump back into the main
room but we're gonna ask a question what
do we asked him right in the first one
sane ask me something like totally
simply easy for them to get right boom
back in the main room no they cannot no
Muppet like what did he for breakfast
like what color is the wall behind me
I don't know y'all happen so fast like I
don't even know who got it right is it
cream yeah well I will have to judge it
right but I'd have no idea what color
the room is behind me the room is it aa
blue blue blue guest ranch at they can
began gets kancharla guest chat is on
it's on why are you here having the time
of your life
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
