poor little Nina's having a bad day
today guys we all looking after mommy a
sick day yeah it's another bad thing I'm
finding this pregnancy okay I have to be
honest like trimester one almost that
trimester tree okay in a month like four
weeks three weeks exactly so you're
pretty close you're pretty close huh
this is the best one yeah apparently the
rooms like supposed to be it's bad the
first one yeah see you'll be like asleep
for most of that month that was like the
first day I don't want to like make it
you know when you think it's gonna be a
certain way and then you make it like
yeah your brain yeah but no just today I
haven't felt like this you've had a
really good pregnancy though yeah yeah
it's okay guys
your Papi's gonna step in I'm gonna make
a starlight video today whoa
because it's the M it's a pregnancy blog
one you know and I asked you guys should
I start doing pregnancy blogs because of
the last video that we did in the
satellite
yeah husband Q&A thing and everyone's
like oh my god totally so I'm actually
gonna start doing it who are you doing
on Fridays isn't it
yeah I'm Friday's under style I I'll be
co-hosting on the style at on Friday got
myself a job guys but today I'm
obviously I was called in Airy high
Georges I nobody asked you guys could
you come in and start on Friday but
we're just wondering would you be able
to come in and
on Monday like although I wanted to get
a meteor I'm not trying to beat yourself
I'll do it all I'll do it all I'll do it
because that's what lovers do love you
lobbies give me a vase give me a face
give me kisses knock on my he had a
booty bomb this morning he had to be
away she that's why he's a little better
Dingle tangled hmm
we did use the condition okay you guys
you know right no right no right kissy
kissies he sees KC's style that
recording is completed completed oh I
did it I did it
record your video how's everyone doing
Anna and I watched a stupid video
shouldn't watch those videos and you're
pregnant
okay what you want for lunch now that
I've done your work for you can I just
make you a snack now as well oops
oh yeah all right when I went over to
shop this morning to get our coffee
filter so you could have your coffee and
then I had to make your video and now I
just make your lunch
let me to rub your feet or something
broken legs
supid with the pita bread Oh Oh j-just
to soup that out Oh sorta get on the
stairs guys but I've made this new
technique right look you go sideways
like this it doesn't hurt as much haha
good relief but if you go like who is it
or I can eat it like an eight eight oh
no no come on anything she's been to
gentlemen you're a mental er you're
mental she's notorious all right where
is the suits so people all right so
we've got a chicken and veg top house oh
my god I'm gonna fall over you one of
these days a veg topple full bodied veg
top out and a hearty chicken and
vegetable black black black black shake
awareness which is gonna make a
difference because I'm not microwaving
him which is annoying because they're
about the same soups I could just cook
them on on one go but unfortunately
you're not oh my god I multiply it if
just multiplies just two of them
oh my god they've grown have to cook two
soups at the same time whoa what are you
thinking at huh fortunately um due to
cross-contamination I am unable to stir
both suits at the same time so we're
gonna do a little stirring with this one
like so and then this one will use this
thing because I don't want to mix the
chicken with the veggie because I don't
know what happened what happened to the
vegetarian eats chicken
do they like explode or something I
guess everybody's having lunch right
about now what do you do all your bean
oh did your little tiny peepees
having two little tiny peepees okay I
managed to check the check out my moves
whoo yeah and now I gotta watch these
though I always tend to it I get a
little a little trick guys I have
learned in my years of experience of not
having a mom at home to wash up after me
which is kind of like oh yeah maybe I
should have thought about that before I
moved out of home I didn't realize that
when I move at a home no one was gonna
clean up after me they should they
should specify that in my handbook you
know that's why I got married huh what's
up with that mislead misleading title
another mystery all right check this out
oh oh yeah so if you watch something
straight away after cook
it's like really easy to wash but if
usually use that polite even a half an
hour it's gonna become a pain in Depok
jollof so clean you're gonna be all that
stuff like what is wrong with you Alvey
can you just get anis
oh my God look oh he can't get down the
stairs like they blocked them off
he's trying to get down but they can't
get up there waiting here we could be go
go go now's your chance
now's your chance Jesus puppy chases
puppy chases all day long nice today may
be a short vlog I'm not really sure it's
just his knees were shaking and I have
to do the style.i and vlog and stuff so
it's been a very busy day so okay now
hold on hold on we happen all right let
me just check check
nope nope that's it that's it we're
closed we're total four members only
remembers only that guys are always
trying to sneak outside that's tree I
was mean bad and it's nice doesn't cross
nystatin cry
that often do the chores off to get some
num nums I'm also getting a Nina some
ice cream and I don't know some donuts
or something tasty
poor little thing I think it's just I
think you know it's hard enough being
pregnant and I think you know sometimes
and it just feels that you know she has
to be like perfect and she puts herself
under dislike you know extra added
pressure because we're not in a public
eye in a sense of like oh like celebrity
people or some Johnny but Wendy YouTube
hi you know and you know and I know that
she cares about all her viewers in the
style I met a lot of people look up to
her and look at her as a role model and
stuff and just like oh I don't want to
let anyone down I'm like you're not
letting anyone down she's like oh yeah
like oh poor little thing you know
that's why it's good that we can you
know rely on each other and that's what
I think a good marriage you know are
good am a good relationship even is
based on you know being able to support
each other when you know when one
person's down the other person can be
there to pick up for them and when you
had a person saying no fights first and
stuff like that and that's why we're
like such an awesome team and like
everything we do we're always like there
for each other you know to kind of like
support each other and look after each
other and you know and that's just I
just I really like that about our
relationship you know we bought on the
same wavelength were both on the same
page all the time and then how do you
think that's awesome
I get a little traumatized like she
knows that she's doing like she keeps
she keeps trying to get him
I think she keeps gonna get him because
she knows makes you make a run for now
make a run at him yeah oh don't be mean
to the puppy huh a little munchkin
yeah hello cutie cutie oh you're gonna
need my finger you boy y'all can't eat
my fingers oh I forgot someone else
he'll be he'll be at the puppy past
oh I'll be you're gonna look at him he
thinks it's a game Bulldog Bulldog we
call nuvvula over we figured out that
the dogs actually love us
okay ready love your mommy your crying
mommy kind of mommy she is a crazy she's
crazy
if you love Bianca Xena you do if you
just like you and you're like licking
each other's mouths there's no like they
are don't know alright the other thing
she responds Oh
attacking oh ah I think attacked the
camera oh good I think she does is if
you blow it her no it is he attacked
haha you blew in her yank after you do
you jacked I see why it has to be higher
pitch than up she got it she got it she
got it she hears you he's dying don't
blow it her oh for goodness sake see now
will you go away doesn't where else
don't know sleep do it again do it again
doing more - I can't - hi Caroline
that's a good one that's a good one you
got our attention they're just staring
at you like
this is how I ever go going go get him
get your dad more than you know you got
her attention
Oh God call it call bathtub yeah yeah
yeah yeah
Oh see you know keeps ruining my life
the sweaters gonna get you the spiders
gonna get you that's enough for one
night
yeah don't forget to like the video give
us an orange thumbs up if you can or
paws up and then see you tomorrow and
you may have noticed this vlog is just a
little bit shorter than normal that's
because poor little Hannah was sick
yesterday and we weren't like active
just all that video and stuff so we
didn't actually end up doing much so the
vlog let's get short but then I was like
well so one last time I made a short
video didn't I do a livestream the next
day to kind of be like sorry about that
so I thought you know what why not go
ahead and do a livestream today to make
up for it
so tonight 9:30 p.m. GMT so what
yes like 1 o'clock for you I don't know
I'm just making it up I'm just trying to
remember what you guys are saying in the
forum so yeah if you want to get in the
main room I think you have to get there
early yourself I don't want to know cuz
the last time most people didn't and I
don't think I'm able to actually move
you guys around or control using the
main room who's not so I hope I hope you
guys get in there and ask the civilian
questions and we'll have a good time
myself and I know I'll be and Sina and
Bianca and Theo and Nova and Nivea and
newly and newly little uh-huh there's so
many of us now I mean I think media's
gonna make it as well I'm not sure how
to check her schedule
forget Chika's out on Twitter follow us
at Twitter and stuff like that if you
have questions asking you can't get it
to the main room use that Twitter just
tweet us and said because we'd be able
to see Twitter we won't be able to see
the other rooms and hopefully I will see
you then
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
