so this is my ancient boyfriend I'm
broken
sorry husband oh my god sometimes I
forget difference no no be merry it's
not like there's any difference you'd be
married gonna have with someone I think
you know there's a huge dip that's like
okay legally there's the difference but
you can still break up it depends on the
couple like we were married before we
even go together yeah they're a married
couple our show was put together world
one of those the our YouTube shows you
know those bands we auditioned but we
auditioned for the Saucony Joey's and
then they leave you changed our names so
because Jonathan is old and decrepit I
need to do everything by myself today
I freaking need to do all the cleaning
and not work yesterday but you know I do
everything so I also need to learn to
drive today know it seriously so I went
online yesterday because I was like oh
my god this is so stupid I need to learn
how to drive and I was like I really
don't like gears
I just hate freaking gears and I was
watching all these videos of people I
was even watching people like in America
I was like um girl learns our girl
attempts to drive stick shift or
something and it was a girl in a car and
she could drive but she'd never drop
never driven with that yeah thing before
it and she just couldn't do it and I was
like exactly I'm not the only one I'm
not the only one and then as I was
reading online on the east like Irish
like the all the school websites like
the driving school websites and some of
them were like certain people um never
fully grasped like seriously deli
telling you like okay dad was like the
worst driver ever and I just know that
if he had know if he had not Matic he
probably would have liked driving a lot
better because well I just feel like
today's reading this school website and
it's like certain people just you know
for a lot of people it's it's
nerve-racking it's too confusing
so we we here at whatever school was
offering the automatic and you can do
the automatic test and you got no to my
place in this bowl block or there's this
special one which is what the automatic
was like you can learn to try it better
oh my god I just bought it new start you
can drive in a matter like you know
certain people need to learn like in a
matter of days if they have like a job
opportunity has come up and they need
their license or whatever so we have
this fast license thing and don't worry
I wasn't looking at like scam me schools
or anything this and then oh yeah the
other thing is I have some my theory
test which I failed like years ago like
this is probably why I just never did it
because I fail it and then I was just
like well that's it I'm not doing it
again
if you pass your test yeah automatic car
will buy an automatic car thank you okay
and they look cute I don't even care it
doesn't even have to I'm not into cars
like at all that's to do any we're
buying the BMW I was like I really don't
care if you bought like a Punto I'm let
me put out of it do you want a money do
they have no you don't like any car just
bite me like or am i crashing I don't
care just some small one yes I really
don't care anymore I care more about it
like the color and stuff like you get a
pimple you know you get what you can get
a pink I don't think they usually come
in silver but there's a pink version of
it it's like tinted pink yeah it's like
it's proper it's a proper one but you
only see like maybe two or three around
the place it's that silver one what is
it called hearts see some suggestions
for a car for Hannah a small car that's
suitable for someone with islands
ability for lack of mobility something
with bumpers around the side so we
it has to be an automatic heart I'm not
learning together
I'm not refused refused point-blank for
what anybody first step might need to do
a theory test Oh God look at this guy's
my answering machine is so funny lucky
let me turn it off turn on your call
cannot be turnout at this moment so
please leave your message after the tone
take the call quiz reporting shrimps on
the body
leave us a bling a bling and we'll get
back to you right all right next episode
a website yeah I think you know if you
watch The Mentalist you get this joke
like an American guy he's American in
the show but in real life science Simon
Baker Baker
he's like an American and then at the
end of the show's I see the next website
always after that we watch The Mentalist
and he says I can't do an Australian
accent it's a good feeling
hang on here yeah we got a full full
full feeding ahead young and then you
have me feeling out to be honest
if it I think you have your fill of milk
Henry feel a milk
I don't think so because they're kind of
even to that food as well like it's kind
of a mixture it's slowly weaning them
themselves like yeah they they have
their Coco Pops
and then they go for their milk get out
of there get out of there get out of
there
we're doing the bins guys buh buh buh
buh buh buh yeah yeah what he's been
taking the camera now okay cookies oh
I'll be okay I'll be don't be mean to
the puppies now huh
don't be mean to the puppies you'll get
a reputation I think that puppies about
to escape outside cheese go to uni jeez
nona close the door
watch out oh you're surrounded on all
corners you sure I heard it what are you
gonna go are you gonna go
Oh sneaky move it's such an amazing day
and who knows tomorrow might be like a
snowstorm
so that's what we live with it's the
rescue so we're gonna take them out for
a little walk and I cannot wait for when
the puppies can be home it's gonna be so
much fun can you imagine with like a
stroller and three dogs on each side six
and then yellow and in the formation
like two two two I'll be seen at the
front and a new band belong to Bianca
and then they are and Theo yeah he's so
funny it's like you've had three on each
site and then it would be so impossible
but I'm sure a big boy please make it
work he was hired honey
problem solved or a dog walker the dog
walker and the nanny
we don't have dog walkers do it
maybe have a strong mom throw a baby
into the mix look at that view
and that's so nice so it's like is it
lively cool breeze which stops it being
too warm
what are you talking about you're so
funny here like we're going through
shades like oh my god I'm freezing
I don't get you women's women's that
woman's just colder than men's that just
how it works or something I'll be don't
make me walk so fast
oh my Moses my muscles my Mussolini's or
all right let's go okay come on go on
don't pee on a nettle it's sticking out
Willie I'm not sure the process you know
us it's like a little bit of cut this
fits card that fits not car that fits
not card he's coming he's coming to play
do you know how just oddly cut don't
make me run I'll be please don't make me
run give you a doggy biscuit
don't make me run oh my goodness oh and
you guys remember the vlog where Alvey
found a bunny rabbit and this is like
was not even before Cena
we had Cena yeah always just like
something just tweaked in his brain and
he just went must get bunny and he was
like he was lost in the fields there for
ages
it's nice walking in a field on a Sunday
if you have a field nearby you just go
ahead and walk in it because it's a
Sunday affects these ones
we're just saying like we just kill one
of these with split tea so we'll have
like a dog with two dogs does everyone
have another 20 children boom family
pass well you can't keep up with a
preggers
let's see you know you're in serious
trouble when you're telling the pregnant
person to slow down you come too fast
Olympic gold medalist preg hey you
should be like in the Olympic Games it
should be a category for pregnant people
you know like the pregnant games or
something where they make pregnant
people like do things and then see who's
the fastest and then like the you know
the way there's different heats like age
groups well it's like trimester groups
you know are weak groups you know the
100-meter 40 week games and some of them
even have babies it's a bonus if you
have your baby in the track feel like a
bonus or something come along come along
pond that's why we call her Amelia so I
can say come along pond I know I just
like saying that oh it's hot in here
it's getting hot in here oh wait the 304
yeah
hi would you miss us did you miss me I'm
gonna do meetup gathering / gathering /
meet up whatever you want to call it in
July okay now I just put a poll on
Facebook let me just say I mean to see
who's winning anyway I just put a poll
on Facebook here as to am where you'd
like it
so Dublin was for Corky 700 he has one I
just put Galway in because I was like
well look we're just trying here
tomorrow like you know the northern
southern and entered a East Western and
something like that but am this is
unfortunate this is only reading for
Ireland like because you know I would
love if there was some way where you
know we could like meet every single one
of our viewers for like 5 minutes or
something you know but I don't hear
that's even possible you know there's
people that were just we were just I
could never get you meet you guys but
hopefully someday somehow you know will
that be able to see people in do you ask
something that we're thinking like if
this works out well it's not difficult
to go to London um maybe we'll do a
gathering in London I'm saying July
because
June will be in Toronto and August is
just way too close to Amelia's arrival
so I'm like July is kind of like fine
we'll do July cuz it's kind of in the
middle and you know like what I was
saying yesterday pretty tune like they
at the war game things like I know a lot
of you guys probably aren't interested
in doing stuff like that and I was just
like oh would that be so cool to do that
so you know that's why I put the pole
down I was like look I don't know
whatever you guys like you know do me up
is not really for for us in a sense like
yeah I love meeting you guys but it's
more for you guys to meet us because I
meet Hannah every single day you know
and I don't meets me every single day
and I need myself every single day so
it's not exactly for us it's more for
you guys so whenever the biggest you
know I mean like it's a democracy and
the only way to make it work like
whatever the biggest amount of people so
if if court gets the highest votes then
we're gonna have it in court and if
Dublin gets the highest vote we're gonna
have in Dublin I I said Dublin
originally I was like no left me being
dumb because I thought like well don't
was just the most central place for
everybody in Ireland you know
everything's very easy to get Amir in
Belfast or up north or something right
it's
easy enough for you guys to drop down to
Dublin or from anywhere in the country
you know so I think Dolan will probably
win like at the moment quark is winning
but of course it's convenient for me
because I live here but you know they
don't like you can leave comments if you
want a video or hit me up on Twitter but
go to my facebook page thing which is
just here that's you know this is the
one here if it has this little header
thing on it and the address is come on
come on no I forgot it is it I think
it's the first thing it says please like
my facebook saying follow that link and
go ahead go over there and hit the
boating now if you live in a country
outside of Ireland and you will not be
going to this meetup event don't vote on
it because all you're gonna do is you're
gonna mislead the voting thing you know
I know there's only gonna be like a good
handful of people in Ireland that are
gonna turn up to this gathering so I
just wanna make sure try and like you
know fit everybody's needs you know and
I'm really excited too because haven't
seen you guys in ages I think it was
last summer when we did those meetups in
Cork in Dublin they don't even ring
they're so big you don't know how to
close the window even prickly funds what
have you done
oh no longer be okay you don't look okay
this one specifically does not look okay
try to get those little twig things to
hold them up or something what's going
on with you two huh John where's the
time you guys used to live in there how
hard is to in there say they're always
in fact always in pairs there's like the
buddy system they have the buddy system
goin on oh no scape e1 left come on
Oh think she's busy eating it so he
decided because it's just significant I
don't think we can bring them into bed
you know cuz they're just you're active
and uh probably got to jump out of the
bed I'm insane and if they won't they
won't notice the fact that we're leaving
it behind albion scene will be aware so
hard time that's what we come here for
free munch they're more that allah yes
because i mapy knows it now
is it more sit down where'd you della
more to tell I gotta get Ben down
oh my god I 100 years old one pad nine
ounces is what we're gonna do what all
our children every week and then the
finest one has to go run in a treadmill
for an hour
haha it's craziness did you hear that
story about that woman that made her a
granddaughter
treadmill is my guide or something
Oh wanna let one 11111
who's that supposed to have yourself are
4114 whoa and Bianca Bianca Timberlake
now so hope you get one $10 in the same
ya 110 110
okay so neutralize the latest she's won
nine okay she's 110 Bianca's 110 tio is
one nor was he more 12 and then my jobs
how about you do you again maybe that
was water weight okay water or did she
just paint now we can be chose together
don't worry becomes do right now okay
whoa whoa guys oh I put my shoes on then
yeah I was asking people and I waited to
see what's it any good turns out
everyone's singing it's really good plus
it made like a billion dollars so that's
quite a lot of money I think I should
start making movies there money in that
game Eddie
oh whoa whoa William this was your idea
you ready guys ready not not indeed not
in here
not in here no maybe just here I don't
put these together
maybe out here come on guys come on I'll
be let's go okay see we get home we'll
all see when we get home wherever you
guys ready okay Sina Abby Abby Abby Abby
come to your father come to your father
i'll be i'll be i'll be i'll be i'll be
Cena okay I got one
go go go do it run run my house guys so
before the film we decide we get some
lunch from any rocket
the baker-bots Telus okay even if we
wanted to take the house the option we
could it wasn't even an option you know
and we were taking the nanos but there's
not enough time anyone have any data--
rockets in ages
oriental food to go I'm not ready for
that I'm not ready for that it's new I'm
afraid of new what's there how long have
you got through the movie yeah about
half an hour collection please you order
collection set the cards yep
princess Mexico does this is where I
always press it multiple times never get
multiple tickets more stuff
nice what new stuff is coming
when we attack it is that I always refer
to that I was gonna say it's cool the
suspense building scare machines you
would be able to see both have you seen
em trailers for dead that's brilliant
there we go there we go the Avengers
private eye closed is just got here in
time dude me and you could say the rush
is just coming in now you know Russia
she's coming in now it's super tight see
this guy we've seen the Avengers I think
it's pretty good I'm a huge fan of the
Rocket Man Iron Man so be personally the
Robert Downey jr. wasn't and I felt I
actually would what I wouldn't think is
that good yeah that's like yeah you know
I just had rose too many Avenger
characters and so I love the hook was
good
Iron Man was amazing and I liked the
tour story I think the targa is good but
the rest of them nothing you know you
know as you said maybe you know people
personally maybe like them so they
obviously might feel different about it
but that's just how I felt about it you
know yeah
is really good I suppose you know I
first the first hour was just a little -
yeah I know I can feel myself oh well
what what oh what you can't wait to see
the dictator on Wednesday you're saying
that all the different oh my god yeah
there's so many different now Oh
oh my goodness oh my god yeah we just
lost filling marvel no cook tensed milk
against no breast milk
imagine only one campaign goes where
here's my rule
I'm only by important loads if just a
spatula front because normally they're
like four euros which is ridiculous
ah doesn't look like it oh no wasn't
that buildings were in the other day and
they had the offer I know
no Liam's and yeah and you guys ever had
the more Telo farm ones they're
drastically cheaper wrinkles are so good
but they're so expensive
what I do Nina guide me guide me in this
moment of my life
well I splurged No
come on a stage yeah leave me comments
about it splurge also leave me a comment
who your favorite adventure is cuz I was
kind of thinking that - definitely
Ironman in common who is your favorite
Avenger oh we're from like Ace Ventura
when I come home now I just kind of get
down and like oh how these animals run
at me
Oh sue don't he's you puppies ooh
oh my god they're the best ever the best
toys ever this is what I want for
Christmas kids this way you should I
send you for Christmas for being the
rose you're all the cutest puppies in
the world you guys want to go peepees
that side do you guys want to go it's
over ones only if you got idea or
something on you hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the sakuni
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
