so I am somewhere between quark and
click any I think I'm still in County
Cork I'm not really sure sure because I
do intend on stopping and and cash out
up there it is a cash out because I have
been drinking water like a water
drinking machine because I know it's
good B and I've been trying to increase
my water intake it's not the problem
with increasing the water intake is in
increasing water outtake at the same
time now I know I've heard that and I
was talking to this dietician or
something and she sat down to say years
ago and she was telling on that M yeah
what it does that you eventually your
body eventually adjusts so that the
amount of water that you're taking in
will your body will start to absorb it
and retain it and you won't have to pee
as much but right now I'm like oh my god
I gotta pee like every 20 minutes
look take the war games ready first
plenty of opportunity for a PPS I think
so cute
gonna go peepees inside yeah okay
alvey's Deena let's go peepees come on
not you guys you're not big enough no
not yet not yet not yet not yet so we
just woke up from a mini nap cuz we went
for a walk and on walk or not pops
obviously hi guys
oh my god look at this mess it seems
like I just clean up every time and then
they just make a mess again anyways yeah
it feels kind of wrong being in a cash
out without ninis since we're always
together so I just got another pile of
water so I I got rid of loads of water
and now I'm gonna add a little more
water to my body oh yeah I'm a water
machine okay
what time is it it's 2 o'clock if one
hour to get there I think I'll make it
plus the ATM machine was broken in there
oh man
that sucks I'm gonna have to pay with
buckles of water yes yes for a walk and
then we did some cleaning and I know are
you talking to me
and now I'm gonna make myself a snack
because we just will go from a little
nap we were tired after a walk and a lot
of those uphill as well yeah but you did
put footprints I'm gonna have to mop the
floor again how does that make you feel
yeah it's a lot of cleaning involved
with these puppies I think this is like
the hardest part because you can't read
toilet trained them they just go on the
newspaper but then sometimes they miss
the newspaper so they go like on the
titles or whatever you can't really do
anything so you can't really put them
outside or anything until they get their
shots yeah I'm gonna have to shut I'll
be up because he's getting noxious okay
so here's our snack I have an apple
chopped up and some almonds and then
I've got no water as well because I'm
trying to make more water arrives
getting ready for war that can have low
end the guys are pretty serious down
there so I'm kind of concerned I'm like
oh god look at them all that they're
like huh I'm very vulnerable now I would
say I drank about two glasses anything
seriously usually might the amount of
water that I drink in a day is like two
to four glasses that's like half while
you're supposed to drink so yep that's
really bad but we look the part but I
don't know actually better no we have
their guns yeah they're all just
cleaning to her and she's eating their
food see that's what happens she eats
their food so then they get hungry and
then they have it from her it's like you
need to do that anymore but it's it's so
her fault because she keeps eating their
food it was so annoying I'm sorry I
didn't vlog on our walk but it was way
too hard I had the two dogs on the leads
and it's a really really narrow strip of
what road with like a main not a main
road but well kind of it's like a very
kind of busy kind of traffic area and
beside me and I see now she was scared
like she kept like ducking every time
there was a car so it was just too
dangerous and then even when we got out
of that patch it was just - alright it
couldn't do it I couldn't like take it
every time I reach for the camera I was
like no I can't do this because they
were going like one way and then the
other way it was too confusing this is
so intense
what
well okay go
yeah I see they push this back I think
we need to move forward
good luck so do you guys want to help
you do the most heart out and disgusting
job in the whole entire history of hives
whole tourists ever yeah that's right
it's bathroom cleaning time so we're
gonna go ahead and clean all the toilets
cuz five seconds and they're typically
them every time I clean up you just mess
it up again one minute to go hurry this
is the setup that's not staying here
yeah look there's a there's a river
behind me no no I mean we're big in here
oh wait they can't get no they can't I
already I can come behind all right here
we go here we go
Yeah right there yeah all right let's go
no no no no you guys stay in you're too
small
nope nope okay there we go there we go
all right so who's this
who are you you slacking in there let me
see your face that's nuvvula I think yes
it is
you've gotten so big you got no big used
to be this lost and now he's gotten so
big oh you're a big girl
you see how I know it's nuvvula if she
has a little spot right here a little
birthmark and also one of her eyes is
like white or in the rim - coming in -
coming in on top of top of the hill
confirmed and this is teal who looks a
lot like they're in the various the
biggest and then bianca is the feistiest
and she's easy to find because her face
is like longer I think it can give an
unpeeled look the most like Alfie and
nuvvula and bi can look more like Sina
they like longer features or something
so yeah we're gonna do the tuning of
this we have three freaking bathrooms
like actually you think it's a good
thing it's not because it means true
perfect evening
so actually what you only had one toilet
but we don't with curry so I'm gonna get
to it right now
hi I shot them on the run good job
taking hits taking hits
incoming okay so I'm sure you guys all
know how to community on it but I'm
going to show you guys because I have
nothing else to do today so we're gonna
do some cleaning with Anna okay so first
thing rubber gloves because you don't
want to get all the disgusting Jeremy's
on your hands and I actually I'm weird I
don't know if any of you guys do this
but I wash my hands even when I'm
wearing the rubber gloves so that makes
it like I wash the rubber gloves like it
would wash my hands like every couple of
whatever I do you know so that's the tip
next thing boil a kettle because we have
to fill in basin with water because you
obviously cannot use the same like water
to wash or to clean the toilet as you
use to clean this thing because that's
disgusting you don't ever want to put
toilet stuff in the sink that's gross
so fill a basin with hot water and we're
good to go
so now playing a game called hunter
stack right every way against three
people fantastic
I guess I'll just get out here let's try
to kill me
okay I'm gonna go in here but you're not
guys here we are in the downstairs
toilet for a very glamorous as you can
see I've got my basin of water this one
never gets that dirty above nothing
actually surely you are going into the
specifics now you need a separate cloth
which I like to store hey hey no no no
no no no no no no get in here that you
store underneath the toilet okay and
then we're just gonna whip that and then
spray the toilet everywhere from top to
bottom underneath the lid
it's crazy look around like miles that
in this air mistake miles round trans
Langston you've seen you know like like
you yeah I'm joking now I think how did
I get in here can I get out of here this
is real like war movie oh my god he's
right Amy I've been stung so bad me mud
all over me all right I know I was
coming up behind you and then I didn't I
didn't know is you and I shot you in the
train together that was good I moved
around then you push them back that I
got him in the first important we got
him out that's what I wanted it I was so
much fun triage I think yeah we have to
get back up to did you get back to the
road don't you yeah if you get back up
to him once he blows the whistle or
something but it hasn't like that's been
over 15 minutes you guys playing
together
Lucina and Bianca we always played
together so cute no like mommy like
daughter
it's not right you cook bugs okay so I
did the sink as well and windowsill and
everything so this is fat through number
one done which probably looks exactly
the same to you as before but I can tell
you that it's coming right now
and it wasn't before so oh also this is
our new tactic of keeping the puppies
kind of like continue because obviously
they're not toilet trained or anything
so we just keep these double doors
closed now and they can't get in and
they can't get to the one in carpeted
area of the head so that's actually a
real good idea we started doing that
actually before
no no we're here but even just for
Alfonsina oh my god is so cute they are
so funny seriously Bianca's like this
little character that she's just so
hilarious I'm just like amazed by how
like different these puppies are like
look
oh this smashed in here but anyways yet
other thing it's a really good way of
just like keeping them contained and
then like there's not room for anything
so we're gonna move on to bathroom
number two just do it just push through
you got one guy on the tree up there I
can't see him might be gone quiet though
can you move as
move up can you move out
see the red dark eyes yeah okay but
remember two is done I'm just me to get
rid of the stuff here but sparkling
clean everything is clean like that I'll
be go boy yeah I'm to bathroom number
three nice million exact cuz the weapons
embargo is over awesome so destroy like
I was brilliant they'll definitely
recommend somebody like like there's
only funny I'm just like destroyed never
burns and everything totally worth it
though I'm gonna complain and we are
finally done this bathroom is also
sparkling clean only thing I didn't do
is the shower because I like to do the
show when I'm actually in the shower if
that makes sense like I'm actually
taking a shower that's my Tina I know
that's probably weird but I find that
that's the best way of getting it clean
so now everything nice and clean and
lovely for geophys to come home which he
should be coming home soon
because that took me quite a while and
yeah I need to open all the windows now
immediately
and we are home oh my god every muscle
in my body is broken
whoa no wonder they use so much training
and boot camp for the army now I
understand why oh my god I'm so
destroyed I bet on us cooked up a nice
whole meal for me now oh my goodness
that is so much fun and they have over
to have one in quark riding conical tee
and it's supposed to be on like 50 acres
in some way and they've got like
villages and everything set up so I was
thinking right this is just an idea that
I had that maybe over the summer I could
organize some sort of a game now it's
not paintball so it doesn't hurt you no
but I was thinking like wouldn't it be
cool to have a game where I'd be like
imagine like I don't know how many of
you guys are in Cork and we'll be what
would will be interested in playing a
game of like laser tag warfare type
thing whatever it is but if you are like
Jimmy Twitter on Facebook or a comment
in the video and I was thinking like we
can hook it up like a kind of like a
summer meetup type thing but we could do
it here and we can have like teams where
we can but we really cool if M if we
manage to fill the whole slot you know
like I think it takes up to like a
hundred people or something you know so
I don't even I don't think divide 100
subscribers in Cork I'm not really sure
but I think it was really cool if it was
just you know anything subscribers and
that way like we could all like you know
get along together and self I don't know
I think it'd be like a fun activity to
do like when we get back from Sorrento
so like July or something know tweet me
or comment me our Facebook tell me if
that's a good idea
alright let me know your lighting you'll
be fine
but daddy daddy push me to catch him
which will you close but then I wouldn't
be telling you guys were no stalker boy
gets so angry when we spit up so funny
they think that when you say we don't
want stalkers no no stay away from any
studies you look an escape route mmm-hmm
I never allowed in here anymore
yeah there we go that's me dinner guys
some tasty protein rice he's got some
neck on time cuz not gonna die is it
tasty it's hide in a whole darn world
hey puppy hi puppy
alright let's me chicken be chicken
quality
you can call hey chicken chicken Oh God
Oh God
okay okay mmm I can't hire that one hand
which means we do have reached the end
of the blog for today
but if I can't be the chicken curry in a
while and hand guys and I've know a
rapper chief no choice but to end the
vlog but you know what there's gotta be
another vlog tomorrow I know
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
