hello friends all right
I asked on Twitter did you guys want to
see some really weird freaky footage to
happen last night so I put it into the
video it's going to happen now but just
like put some contacts arm it was pretty
late it was about 1 o'clock in the
morning is quite late I was just working
away here in the computer some final
items and stuff and it was just noise
and it's kind of like fluid like
flutters I came out of nowhere right my
window was closed all the windows were
closed and then all of a sudden there
was a bird in the room also what the
hell again I went outside and I just had
a shower when I'm in the bird but just
went upstairs to the kids rooms I was
like flying around kitchens they were
asleep who is like really weird there
was nowhere for him to go and there's no
word from gander hats and then the
government in my office we had the doors
closed the doors closed everything and
he just disappeared we just he just
wasn't there anymore it was so freaky
because he went decided my filing
cabinet and then I just looked he was
gone and I checked everywhere and I have
no idea where it came from or where it
went I didn't I didn't even know was
real only for the fact that I grabbed a
vlog because I was like I don't know if
this is real or not so enjoyed his
friends it's pretty freaking weird and
leave comments if you've ever
experienced ghost birds
oh my goodness
there is I am 100% serious it is good
for me
I'm just trying to get anyone
oh yeah I think so
oh no it's in Rory's room people don't
like it put it on it if we do miss her
Oh
Oh
you see
you
oh he's not oh gosh he didn't crush him
did you
sure careful Taunton don't they
so do you move that black thing yeah so
with you under there under this smushed
don't you think of the device women here
freaky hillock
