prior to the price rules and that brings
a position in the general government is
contracting a balance left us a row oh
sorry guys I didn't see you there just
reading my stability treaty then I'm
gonna read this entire thing I'm like oh
my god oh my god half it's upside down
oh no it's not it's an Irish segways a
bit upside down but look at it like
there's so much information in for my
Shaun but um are you guys and you guys
gonna get a vote in this mmm this is for
European people only naughty I don't
know is that Gordon you're voting on
this I think you'd be our mum I'm sure I
think on the yes daughter you know
because I yeah let's ask a Contracting
Parties is subject to excessive
deflation produces under trees of the
European Union package of these places
structural form and review our eenie
meenie miney moe yeah I got in my mouth
Jesus what if yours gives us for the
viewers oh so awesome oh my god she's oh
my god oh my god that was so
it's always I was the most amazing the
ever to make screen is it without them
as everyone else has everyone else oh I
should not be Snuffy Snuffy Snuffy
it's like this is my toy box and then my
toys are alive
it's like Toy Story Toy Story for the
puppies mm-hmm doing our morning
introduction lessons I liked it it is
for a little while everything just to
get I'll be familiar with the puppy hmm
he's a puppy
mm-hmm it's the puppy here's the puppy a
good boy
mmm do a boy Alvie huh a cranky-puss
hair of his eyes so he can actually see
what's going on good boy yo V hey Xena
we're looking at the puppies mm-hmm huh
good boy AMI
oh boy the puppy yeah hmm Oh kisses for
Albie Oh kisses for Alvey huh yeah
that's right yeah go puppy
I thought I think she did that but she
just brings it up in there isn't that
talk you how did she end up in there
how'd you end up in there so I go
through this every I would say like
every year yeah devil like once a year I
think it's normal I think a lot of girls
do is is when they just feel like they
they need to change their hair color I'm
shaving ahead of me fine and now I'm
kind of like I don't want to go like
bleach blonde or anything I don't want
to go darker because I think darker is
just like I mean this is my natural
color like up here this isn't because it
was like kind of ombre of it but I
wouldn't mind getting highlights done
like just for the summer it's being fun
being all natural at all but yeah you
know it's time to it's time for
starlight go blonde bring blonde diet
what do you guys think I don't want to
go like a super light as I was like last
or was it two years ago when I remember
when we were living in Jacobs Island but
like I just can't apply this was London
boy Matt London yeah yeah don't want to
go at that but I just I would like
streaks just more natural but like still
blonde you know what I mean you know I
was thinking guys do you watch Game of
Thrones Khaleesi
I'm saying soku it's like white almost
it's like wow that would be so hard to
maintain that because you always get
like black then her every day she's
everything she's she's a watch she's a
dragon mother I think also it's a week
though I was looking at it and I was
like she's a natural brunette
oh wait yeah yeah she's not like dark
brown hair gonna break up but anyways I
just want to get like highlights done
that's all so let me go - let me guys
know let me know what you guys think
leave comments and like suggestions what
you guys think that I should do or get
done I'm not doing myself because I just
don't trust myself I think I'm just
gonna go professional professiona go pro
yeah go pro
they look super long oh yeah you can get
shorts too you know the waist that's not
true look they have shorts
maybe shorts on you will be like
trousers on everyone no no you're not
that short
you're very short I am because they are
very short oh yeah yeah yeah I know well
look t-shirts yeah don't don't get smell
nope medium medium medium large always
looks oh well maybe Larson he's actually
like legit look it actually has like the
guy's name like inside actually wore it
it's so cool I think I will other words
that I think it's these ones here
yeah I'll go with these ones waiting you
know yeah I think they're really cooked
it's looking right of pockets and stuff
and I'm like okay quite long
yeah yeah let's make a decision because
I'm starving
this is so cool right
okay next time next time I think I gotta
set a savage idea I'm not gonna tell you
until after weekend why time to do it
who's them
it was like the media embedded suits
they're playing all the cabin so for
this little camera I'm like actually for
real really gonna touch it where we
going Austria
yeah oh there sure it's no diggity small
Oh what do you want something you're
just buying your stuff is the thing you
wanted to get with this I know you can't
see yourselves but you're actually
tightening okay
that is the most ridiculous you have one
camera I forgot about this Middleton
traffic but coolly I do you know the
kind of shortcuts around but it's still
like such a mess and I'm where oh well
kind of hungry but I need to get to the
another senator a massage another story
because there's a problem my phone and
then they're like oh yeah no problem sir
you just come into one of our stores I'm
gonna fix that but if I don't get it
fixed by tomorrow because I'm going away
it's gonna be problems but then somebody
here wants to eat I'm not pointing any
fingers at anybody over here
whatever you do for for your future do
you never starve a pregnant person yeah
like for my phone yeah I it was like we
could just eat down there but you just
don't want to
you're just so they don't want I just
wanna sit in this trophy go yeah I know
but like if you could just Park in here
which you can by the way you can't you
have to park over by the brewery thing
you do it's miles away you'd never make
it it's so hot in the car though we
actually got out of Middleton we made it
at America
we decided to go to where we going
amicus abacus amicus you ever go to
amicus your guns in one in Douglas
because I one time in town with your
brothers remember I got good bread
yeah I was like the best thing I've ever
eaten in my life it was like dippy bread
it was like a more like section of
Brad's wasn't it where like passing over
hummus and all types of stuff so I let's
see if you can react that oh my god
Sorrento so put in Sorrento beauty in
Academy Wow it's just right there
now
- thanks
you know I know my chickens had the
seasons not as well like what AM that's
the different breads that I was asking
effect mm-hmm
you know I got in yours young so I think
I made a mistake with the parking thing
for back there cuz I just looked at her
when I got out and it said I bought
parking till tomorrow morning at a
quarter past eight I make a small
mistake I don't know it just I just
start putting money into it and I just
press the green button and it was like
yeah cool and then put it in the car and
I had a lovely tasty meal and when I
came back I was like 8:15 tomorrow
morning she's quitting excessive you
should prolly hold on to that I forget
this now because three weeks to three
weeks of Sorrento is it 15 or 20 or 30 I
thought we had
did we get a Nivea one but I mean it
doesn't matter what I want to get the
one we got last year exciting a burnt at
all the entire time where they're like
you know this is like extremely water
resistant which is good it's 15 yeah is
it too much would you little okay 20
yeah I got to go crazy and get 30s my
shirt then I actually go you know get
some sort of color you know white only I
mean see another surprise treat and okay
that'll be a senior joke what do you
think meaty chunks of tender rabbit and
heart oh my god slow fuck that has
disgusting and lamb and chicken turkey
and lamb turkey and chicken oh yeah that
sounds numb yeah Cotuit them one each
children half-price so if I buy two
that's essentially like buying one right
I did it I did it it was the deal in a
week
that's look at your hair all blown
around we have been in a long time
cookies and cream what it's kind of like
tasty tasty tasty lovely lovely lovely
ee mmm coffee ice cream cream oh why is
it so cold in mm-hmm
where's this topping it up answer the
question
anticipation what's the stuff on the top
and what's the stuff inside amazing cold
do you know how I scuse me what's is
that it's a them together ice and cream
I said it's not coffee ice and cream all
righty this is what it is I got it is
something why poet though it is all done
cuz I'm driving to Galway tomorrow
oh my goodness little thing buddy take
that off
there's putting in a melt away oh yeah
that was gonna fall with Allah he goes
away so I take the oil and tires you
should do that before you go in a long
drive folks a bit of information there's
no water in the windscreen thing
okay I think that's pretty much full yep
a lot check the old tires see this one
okay now my turn because I'm gonna watch
the car tonight
well I figure because it's really handy
and I missed all that it has to reverse
up and get ya get the socket there so I
can plug in the vacuum cleaner oh god
the sand from the beach here today
because I want the car nice and clean I
like having a nice clean car plus oh
when I'm at the war games all the lady
is it gonna be like javis it's so hot
can I come me get in the back of your
car I'm like shitting my wife's in a
different County
I think that's allowed oh my god it just
cracks all over the camera new cracks we
have a backup camera for just a thing
although you be using it tomorrow
while I'll be playing free with the
birdies check it out is that gnocchi oh
don't you curse at me curse curse go
peepees copy peace okay so I decide this
is not pleasant you guys want to see
something very unpleasant and okay small
children look away
squeezy people look away this is very
unpleasant that I found oh okay okay so
ya seen a rhino over a side oh god no I
don't know how to bring that back to the
puppies so am
hence full of girls I guess it's my job
to clean it up oh that's our lovely and
all but well that you what did you did
you do that did you do that did you
because they think like yeah well mini
that's minis here hmm
think scene is looking for the yeah
looking for the dead bird hmm let's see
there's any tadpoles over here guys are
frog frogs you never know you just never
really know do not jump in there
well I can see tadpoles I don't know if
you guys can see cuz they're a
reflection so cool isn't it it's just so
much life going on in this pond
oh that's right that's another list of
life creation that I've done where Cena
versus Tina Messina factors down here
again don't trust her
oh there you are
no no it's okay it's okay it's okay
I thought you were just dancing nope
wait here till I becomes you know she's
just a girl well she's a dog
let's face it she's a job as much as I
wanted we my little princess girl she's
a dog she likes to play with that things
this will probably help the situation
help the situation
oh okay and sneaky sneaky
there you go okay Oh God
there's gonna be more explosive no need
to oh there we go
that's the only that's before get rid of
all of that let's go inside inside Cena
you know wait wait
if I can sign my name
sofas was here but this no this is a
dude he's just like connect in here oh
oh oh oh god oh god we're dead
right it's really complicated what wha
do you twist this thing what you twist
it Oh
finally figured it out come on puppies
say goodbye to all my good bye and
remember get the wheels done I always
like the sprayed wheels with this stuff
before it goes into the wash that way it
makes a nice so that break that stuff
this gets everywhere huh
what's going on what's going on huh
they'll find out in a minute
as a kid
they're so cute that they love yes
perfect our life
don't fess what's daddy doing bcq in the
car where she washes the car getting
away she wishes I'm so excited
I see not mom may need to shut the
window now see now you're like
scratching my stomach oh my god
look at Cena do like hang in the window
okay see not hurting me right now out
out that one actually said it was down
low he Thiessen's are fine I think that
might have solves a problem I think that
was it like cuz that said thirty on us
and the rest of them said forty
oh I have the key so let's see you guys
Oh waiter please dr. Karen Smith a
warning like off is it
wait for it oh no oh no wait don't have
to reset it the back tire was actually a
10 Frank
someone go around deflating my tires or
something on me alright let's try now
okay I think I might still might need to
reset it but here we go
service life check factor
yeah I always gonna need to reset it but
it's gone oh yeah yeah oh it's back oh
but it's lingering you're out of petrol
and you've no air in your tires we're
not having the right yes oh well yeah
like they were all and back down so got
a new computer system cuz I wouldn't
have known that I would have never
checked and they were all down like
maybe it's because I've low profile huge
I like wheels and low profile tires then
maybe no profile tires like force the
air out or somewhere or somebody's gone
around deflating my tires but either way
it is sorted cuz I would be crazy going
to go pending tomorrow let's reset yes
go hopefully that's it now hopefully
that's it now or I reset it and the
car's got no tires and am like I can
just go and press the dtc button the
computer will drive the car for me
computo take me home
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
