you guys gonna mine the house but you
guys gonna line the house you're kind of
knocking your food everywhere you guys
gonna wait in the house because we're
all going off on a little adventure to
the beach but unfortunately you can't
come but you can play with your cube eat
your num-nums
drink your drink ease and have the time
of your life okay is that okay is that
okay with everybody I know no that's
perfect I think mine is growing up so
fast you know look at the meeting know
mums now it's a spring day here in pork
it's kind of chilly but it's not raining
so that's why we're going to the beach
plus Albion Cena totally deserve a beach
day I mean they have just been cooped up
pretty much I mean they have logs now
and then but they're nothing major
because of the pubs everything and now
that the clubs are self-sufficient and
they're just off hunting and gathering
for ourselves on their own we were like
this
we just need them for Dickies we're
names on it it's Joe again we leaving
like 50 euros yeah my phone number Oh
guys set you up on a Twitter account me
and they are just themselves coming to
their football and like taking a little
bit there and I'm like yeah like the mom
at the sidelines when these children are
playing like it's some kind of sport is
actually connected we are like I hate
you I hate you
well yeah the peeing and everything is
kind of annoying but it's fine like we
don't have thank goodness you don't have
like so you're gonna be trying to your I
know I know but you know how II like
it's not great for if you had a baby
like we got a baby right now crawling
around floor that would be a problem but
thankfully they were all beautiful it
rained by the time she comes if we do
decide to keep them
it's like everything you say yeah
because everybody's not so headed
I don't know guys if you go in like if
you own those puppies could you give
them up no that's honest huh let me just
say this is what I was saying yesterday
it was like I don't know how breeders do
it like first of all we're not breeders
so we didn't get into this for like the
business or anything but you know in
speaking we created Emilia wouldn't that
make us breeders I know if you wanted
breeders we didn't get in touch for like
money or anything so we actually thought
there was gonna be like two puppies or
something they're like oh way has one or
two lucky yeah yeah exactly and then
we're like oh but anyways so I was just
thinking last night like how do they do
it because they have such
a pack went out like a litter of puppies
they seemed together eat together they
loved each other they played together
like it's just how can you separate that
like how can you actually I don't know I
can't even think about it without
getting like I feel like I'm gonna start
crying is their house we might have
broken up into two groups the sleepers
and the crazies yeah but they still all
play together to like and it's just like
how can you separate them like how can
you actually allow somebody to take one
of them away and then that one puppy is
gonna be left at home sometimes on its
own and like cry and they just I think
those dogs just need to be in a group
like they don't do well I mean we know
that for all people see now it's
entirely
to have each other but I just couldn't
separate those puppies like even if we
worried someone I'd be like no you have
to take two you can't just take one or
maybe I have a dog at home or something
like that but you know I just hope
they'll be yeah and that was fine and
then we're taking Sina and you know
we're like
drive was not different I put the actual
camera under roof I had my hand holding
the camera on the route for the car now
my hand almost froze off that's the kind
of commitment I have to bring new daily
entertainment it is actually warmer here
it's not as I don't know it's a breeze
not here there's no one here yeah
wherever you are right now sitting at
your desk sitting in your room
sitting on your laptop don't sit on your
laptop you might break it just take a
moment to take in the beautiful coast of
Ireland southern coast of Ireland and
the Maltese puppies and the Nina and the
javis and I hope you're having a good
day and if you're not having a good day
feel free to talk about it with me I
might not be able to respond to you but
I'll read your comment cuz I care about
you guys and the Sun is just coming out
as I'm saying that that's what happens
when the Sun goes out and that's not a
song is it
yeah why where's the puppies
legend we're so gonna bring them here in
a while it's the final shot zzzz yeah
yeah yeah he still couldn't go I know
it's a month after the final shot so I
think August they're gonna be outside
let's go outside
there's no way we're getting to the
water guys
no it's like miles away Yeah right
going going ami check up to the jungle
okay junga Ali oh he gave up this is the
jungle side the jungle part of our
adventure it's so nice
you'll notice that beach grass is like
what oh thanks nice spot I wouldn't even
notice
nice moves lady we got the car keys oh
my god I mention using the car keys and
the beach oh and the Porsche yeah
and she just blew up the coast we didn't
blow up the coast you know that's what
you do whoo a rock formation oh do they
oh yeah nice body
oh wow he is not gonna like this he
doesn't like the formation come on let's
go venturing let's venture why well you
fallen out oh yeah right after that
lighthouse over there guys
what's the plan surprise attack how's it
look there's our little snails and
barnacles and stuff barnacles
and you guys have any barnacles
collection I remember when I was a kid
when I lived in that adventure Center in
Mayo for extra extra coin so we could
use it in the yeah there was like a pool
table and a pulp nearby I think it was
like 30 P way back when back in the pen
stays and so we go for a little huggy
you collect like I don't know a sack of
like 10 million barnacles and you get
like a pound for it it was so it was
such hard work you'd spend hours out
here with your big sack going around
like lifting them up trying to find
fresh barnacles
give me common if you ever did barnacle
hunters if your particles for barnacles
he's actually called me barnacle see
that what whoo you find some crabs over
here Nene's come on Amelia
that's it show you some crabs okay that
should probably go over there you going
no see you know are you going for a swim
in there what what good good yeah oh my
god anyway approach washes now the onion
good girl see ya fit nice yeah it is
actually
yeah and it's hitting it in the Sun it's
really shallow looks cooler but this is
where you get some crabs on my crab
hunter hunting is what I do mate I don't
know I start it off a Steve Irwin but
I've suddenly come into a British man
from Stockholm
oh no crabs but loads of like snail
things there's got to be a crab right in
here so we can make some Krabby Patties
Oh God you ready you ready oh no Cena
careful the crab might bite you
what did not why things what do you see
we're anemones
stick your finger in what's an anemone
what where you see an enemy someone oh
the things I like flittle and then you
put your hand on them but that's great
further oh look at this one let's go
watch your step watch your step
okay and it's so cool-looking I wonder
is that what the world looks like you
know like for p4 because we're obviously
like although we look upon a pond like
this and tink oh my god it's so small
there is probably as much life in there
as there is in our entire planet so
obviously something is probably bigger
than our universe and looks upon us as a
molecule in another form of universe
okay something even get into deeper but
I wonder is that what the world looks
like someone else I want to find the
crop it's all my life's work he's
finding a crab do you think I'll be
check over here cubby
if you're gonna be my surrogate son
today hey what are you guys going
that's where you gonna go
go this way come on come on come on this
way this way follow me follow me
good boy Bobby doesn't like to get his
feet but he doesn't like to walk in the
Stone writer probably love to be carried
right about now
looks like we failed we failed on our
hunt for the crabs I guess we can just
go to Tesco and buy some crabs and then
tens oh we caught them barnacle City oh
I mean a scratchy sound squelch easy
Eddie come on forget that when you're
like you know the little little sucks
you know and then they fall down well we
must make our way to mom you must we
must we must forget you dust along okay
give it a jumps let's see I'm looking on
only selected stones a selection of
stones we made it we made it to you
oh goodness this is what almost be like
in the Sahara Desert
let's go
what's going on huh I know your vote so
excited to be here I'm excited to be
here you excited to be here and now
we're on the part of our trip that leads
to the grassy knoll the grassy knoll up
there it's a ring it's it's a variety
trip you get the sign to see the rocks
are now the grassy knoll some nice day
why I don't know but they always do that
yeah I don't know the Ace Ventura said
it when he was like I was the second
Goodman and the grassy knoll I think
it's time to and again John F Kennedy
was killed was a grassy knoll or
something maybe a comedy didn't explain
to me wanna know list and don't say my
friend is calling all I know
oh I think so look and kind of leads
around somehow maybe maybe not
oh go you go first
see the closest K twice this guy looks
like I'm going first
no you're going first well duck oh
alright
you sure you're gonna be okay doing that
oh good boy you made it don't get into
the water now is that tasty alright
let's see what happened guys raise him
up just over there he goes bit of a food
explosion
I mean that's on even more awesome nice
nice and spicy
who's hungry who's hungry
not you I know guys hey look that is
sick
oh my god stop yeah now Oh a moist okay
alright for the babies
Jonathan be careful that one just ran
and I'll be okay I don't know
yeah even nuvvula she's like never hyper
oh let's be careful cuz Jonathan he's
going through
just be careful okay okay come on I'll
be go boy come on guys you're gonna go
in here it's a little bit okay
here keep some and other Bowl cuz yeah
before it's just not really gonna work
they definitely have the hang of it
though
that's a good idea unless you know
you're not painting women get in there
get in there
yes you know there's no room I think
they just need work a bigger bowl that's
nothing like what this officer oh oh my
God look
elevated don't let it go good idea
though okay maybe spoon from the rot in
there yeah
huh come on dinnertime come on Bianca
good doggy
and somebody that Maibaum it you know
mums
get you num nums oh you're okay Bianca
manufact yeah yeah get you drink these
good girl like they're eating they're
drinking I know so cute there's
everything football you know I read the
newspaper
I think that's Neal you guys are older
huh
if you're watering your foods and
everything is this way it actually keeps
her out yeah I think it's time to let's
take the weaning up to a new level
you guys are gonna stay in here for a
while okay did you guys have fun huh
Tempe she can't get you can't get you
know me see don't feed the animals
okay hmm beds get used ideally she's
like hey wait
hello so cute so cute
I come down and I was sleeping and a few
minutes probably
good
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
