okay this don't put a tail
oh the grumpy one leave um p1 don't be
grumpy don't be grumpy
mmm I just think like I think is really
important that what's you add to make
sure like see if I keep taking I'll be
out of the situation or if I like get
all nervous around them you know I think
that Audi will pick up on that and then
he'll create a sort of a thing about
being nervous and the puppies where I
know you wouldn't do anything he'll just
growl and stuff you know cuz obviously
like you know he's more territorial
about me cuz I'm his master so but I
think it's really important to let the
puppies you know let him let him be
exposed to them as much as possible so
you know as they go or it doesn't
develop into a thing where he's like
always afraid of them are you actually
bringing yourself under there
mean you chaplain oh the cave of light
the cave of light mm-hmm you're so cute
you're so cute hmm it's a puppy Zowie we
see poppies yeah your eye you can see
the puppies mm it's the puppies yeah
good boy good boy oh me oh yeah this the
same it's like when you have your second
child um you know your first child is
probably gonna hate the fact that
there's another person but then I know
people like into buying presents for
like you know for the second or from the
first job that it's like oh this is from
the second child and stuff like that you
know what's the same thing my gobby is
obviously he's like that's my dad you
know when he went to all this with Xena
you know I'm the same thing I was like
this relax you know you're a good boy
aren't you he's just a little nervous
he's a little nervous I mean there's so
many
themselves underneath me you're such
like I know you knew you're like oh I
didn't realize you were filming oh I oh
you always know yeah exactly
you always know I'm like what I'm like
catching them with this internet movies
on I'm always on broadband internet
provider providing of entertainment hey
do you wanna meet your oh my god this is
like they're great great oh my god is
like 15 generations its microphone so
actually it's wonderfully will you stop
fighting up my heels what are you doing
who's what do you do that remember scene
I used to do that she used to like fight
that you're like she follow you around
fighting at your at your ankles I know I
know no she doesn't do it is wrong oh
you have it in your ears you did that on
purpose
now where's my shoes do monkey run 4lb
Nikki hates money well so funny he's
doing well is there
this one this is a little blue it's
amazing yeah oh they're lovely
yeah pick one Bianca yeah haha this is
Nevaeh yes this one
this is nuvola and this is teal the boy
Thao divine Theodore Theodore yeah yeah
so cute they are
thank you some plane oh they're lovely
yeah barking so you're sent straight to
work was it yeah no wait no no wastin
time
what do I discover when I'm here my
alarm clock isn't working
Oh No
yeah this is a working holiday all it
it's like the coffee cup that you broke
on me it's not yeah yeah oh you got a
bum I got the best part look perfect
middle the middle
yeah like strudel which American today
when Erika's plane Adele song well
market otter real credit just in case
you credit was being stolen
mr. Potter Liam is getting the address
but in do you want that one
we're giving away dogs today well what
is it gun oh you can't actually yeah
it's so cool do you like that market
awesome are they I was thinking again
lows and put in my hair you know to have
a phrase I'm like oh you might marry to
my face Erica's gonna play the intro
there vods on Margot you do it do it do
it do it do it or I can play it I have
it here somewhere
it's on the app it's on the app hold on
turn the app I have it quite do it what
did you do a second ago
that's nice Margot see she's to try it
just go I'm not recording I'm just
holding it I'm not I'm just holding it
here exercise exercise alright I've
turned it off words team tune here we go
e e CC heaven huh
come on get a shop chance yeah
that's it like apart from day I think
you missed a few them then you guys
leave me a video response of you playing
it I'll be awesome I wonder try rerecord
it though did it do it here one as well
a
I'll show you guys how it's done that's
my piece of everything's okay hey
they're on tonight
whatsoever you know put just under this
hand here happy me these ones
sadly challenged that same as here Oh
God go that's it yes sir yes sir
okay so just forget about the left half
second like go here with this hand
follow me
you're using three fingers here and
there
turn this one yeah oh my god like this
look I'm gonna put the hot off because I
feel like he's getting like some very
some sort of the magician skills right
now I I've had no help from anyone even
I this is like five hours that's the
break
a start again start again that was just
a warm-up guy that was I don't sound too
good you know copyright issues they'd be
like honesty really down song yeah
yeah
Oh someone move the black thing I ever
guys I got this
yeah
that is the most painful thing what did
I do something wrong no I'm just looking
at your hair that um this video up for
my skills that is so painful I don't
know how you guys play the piano moving
here red 20 hours I was a productive day
guys I landed in the pee piano we should
form a band
Joseph Joseph that was Joseph Joe fee
Karen I could do piano lessons you guys
want pianist is leave me comment and I
will teach you myself and Joe fees
Joseph and Joe Joe bus let's see if he
can find some man ice my G Smarties oh
boy cheese smudgy why do you ruin a
little mini I mean you looking after me
for us sure hmm see now apparently
there's been some tadpoles spotted over
here
we're on tadpole had to pull her Lert
where's that in here a few days ago I
saw none are you coming with me
eat my new best friend are you oh my
goodness I saw some guys I don't know if
you guys can see it because they're a
reflection and stuff they dare awesome
us much I chose my chin oh sorry sorry
smudgy sorry oh my goodness just typos
in there
that's so cool I think they've lost
their tails and everything I'm just kind
of pop it up here I was like Gordon hmm
you in love with me you're crazy busy
brain come on smile
it's fine it's have oh my goodness I
can't run away from someone
there's Nikki Nikki Oh everyone's
underway from you today right you know
almost there guys
what is it skin oh yeah yeah oh my oh is
that good huh is your more yeah that's
spoiling what
well maybe we party shouldn't then Oh
make sure it's cool down though well I
mean they they come out of this boiling
hot oh my god cider there I suppose we
never got scraps anymore yeah yeah
there's never any tighter audio so true
oh my goodness how good is that guys
Saturday walk Saturday what don't forget
to have your Saturday walk you might
need a talk and the Blessed place for it
is on a Saturday walk I know I'm waiting
for him oh my goodness gracious
I know it's so awesome I wanted the pink
one I love this I'm gonna live in this
how do you know
oh my God look how high up the water is
today it's like miles in why are we all
running whoa
Bell tangle oh that's cool it's never
normally like that here it's good one
drinkies look at the water it's like
white there no me that's all like rocks
and stuff I go care it is you can see -
it actually looks really nice it's the
ocean ocean yeah yeah it's not radiation
that's evil Antigo that's America
just right there you guys you guys with
that coast this whole time know as you
get old you swim across oh she probably
got it he yeah I'm gonna bring your
swimming lessons yeah yeah of course
they could like you guys remembered I
told me took consuming your Alleluias
like panic tacos I wish I know it'll be
awesome this is also joe we would be
awesome in Tara but at the same time I
have some dinner uncle
my name is kind of a weird date because
I don't know everything is kind of all
muddled up like we went well first of
all I slept in until like 11 in my head
the last couple of days I've gotten no
sleep I'm just finding it really hard to
get to sleep at night and we keep waking
up early like during the weekdays
obviously and I prefer that because then
obviously get things done and we usually
just the wait Joe fist and I work we
just always get everything done in the
mornings and that's when he gets like
filming editing uploading blah blah all
that Sun in the mornings that's like our
morning routine and so I slept in today
Jonathan three nights because he let me
sleep in he just kind of like went off
and did his own stuff and took the
puppies and the dogs away and I
till 11 so that was really nice of him
and I got a good sleep then but then I
was kind of like either I know like it
was either stink or something for the
rest of the day because I had gotten up
so late and everything like that and I
only ended up getting like being ready
and dressed by like lunchtime so I
didn't actually have any lunch and then
it was actually really cute because I
usually eat breakfast at 9 o'clock every
single day and Mimi has obviously used
to that because at nine o'clock when Joe
has got up this morning and then he you
know he let me kind of sleep um I
started getting and I never get this in
the mr. herriman lip I started getting
kicks like just tons and tons of kicking
like she was kicking me like really hard
and she never just that in the morning
that's always at nighttime and she was
obviously like where's my breakfast mom
you know so another thing I wanna sleep
so she wasn't like keeping milk or
anything I was just odd like she never
picks like that in the mornings so I
slept till 11 like I said and then I got
up and made breakfast and as soon as I
did as soon as I ate breakfast the
kicking stopped so she was obviously
just like hello where's my 9 o'clock
breakfast you know and then we didn't
have lunch because it was just so late
so we went we went to my mom's house to
see my OMA whom I hadn't seen since
Christmas time and I was reunited me
hide um coffee and cake so yeah that was
kind of our lunch which isn't very
healthy but I mean it was nice and then
we came home we walked the dogs I ate a
snack it was just like all like muddled
up the whole day um and I feel kind of
like up too early free dinner still but
it's like it's not it's like half past
seven or something so I'm making dinner
and I'm making no stir-fry we've got
some corn than the go with some pepper
some brown rice go in there I'm going to
do
sour chicken
so oh when I cleaned the toilets as well
which is like my least favorite chore
ever but I have been putting it off for
ages like it's so to speak but um yeah
that's right that's what I achieved
today on this Saturday how are you doing
here you're slipping runs look at these
two over here you're so funny
they're so hybrid tonight you guys are
awesome
you hit the camera DNA yeah oh hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
