so I've changed things up a little bit
I've moved on to eating New Zealanders
or Kiwis as they say what
instead of that around an apples and
ants are eating Kiwis man I thought hey
keep is a really actually nice you know
with yogurt and cheese like I don't know
if that is one of the main factors to
how I've actually managed to go from the
180 to 177 176 summer and that it's too
hard to tell because we don't have a
digital one but I am I've been at this
fruit yoghurt and crazy cheese things
for like I don't know month or maybe
Oklahoma I'm not maybe about a month now
and then loads water all the time and
then like hardly any takeaways and then
we do get a takeaway just not eating
like the crust of the pizzas and stuff
right I'm just trying to stay away from
like the kind of fatty or heavy or
greasy or kind of foods you know I am
table see it's making a difference but
um and this is tasty it's not like it's
punishment it's not like no I have to be
fruit more it's like I found a breakfast
and I actually really really like you
know like I have a coffee when I first
way to go no I go like espresso and then
then you know I'll just add I'll move on
to this like about an hour later so
after I wake up I'll eat this but then
yeah it's really tasty keeps really
tasty go I'm are you sure have to eat it
though yet I'm just gonna slice them
down and then just sort of beaten them
because I can't I can't forget so this
is what I've done I'm just kind of chop
it up like this and you start a fork
eater but I'm if you have a better way
of eating queue visa let me know but yum
yum yum when the cow and the thing nice
nice
tasty tasty and delicious yummy and
nutritious it's all good for a gooey
which colors you going that's good
oh my god it's so cool-looking okay so
do it do it there alright so I just cut
all this off see there's a metal the
branding yeah
snips again be careful
how clumpy and oh my god like a lot like
Tony flop make sure to get it dead on we
fight oh okay it's not like you don't to
be in two more so you can never get it
out you know you can't shower with it
Kenny oh cool no more yeah
you afraid of becoming edge yeah yeah
it's cool again it's kind of get lost
you have to kind of look twice it's like
is that a pheasant oh no wait a second
there's like an Indian princess or
something it's like you can't even yeah
yeah yes get in there yeah yeah like
obviously the pink ones and stuff stand
out way more and you're brown one you
wouldn't even notice
yeah so I think that's right oh you got
to you gonna put inner one yeah there's
tons
oh no but it still the same one I would
you put different types of ones in it's
cute I got one guys
like this you know what's it made out of
feather
no because it's cruelty free nice like
pheasants not pheasant whole eggs that
like a pheasant tail you can easily just
like fabricate this right it's like
shred or something yeah it's me like you
don't even notice it like like wine it's
so cool do you know no I do it you going
to blue anyone you gone for tomorrow on
one side no I want to have like this
except there's a pink as well doing any
it's actually much my top oh yeah yeah
weird okay was the plan that way I think
I will skip the pink and do a natural
yeah yeah yeah yeah oh you're not even
an odorous okay so that's where will I
put it guys Jesus this video I have foot
up on I'll get seen this channel it's
just like all that running around ah
look I can't handle the cuteness
oh it's faded away but you guys should
totally check it out I'll leave it as a
video response I think the yesterday's
video but dad Bianca is such a little
Shrieker mmm they're getting way more
active now I don't want to do is play
but they're running around its Bianca
under the table she's such a little
Shrieker hey no no you are Nuala or
he'll I'm not sure I think you're
Nouveau
this isn't if they had could be stuff
fluffiest she's a fluffy girl sometimes
I can't tell if they're pooping or if
they're just taking a little rest or
peeing that was just a little rest okay
I know they're doing the little growl of
it oh here comes Bianca hi Bianca hi
Bianca
look she's trying to figure it out let's
see if she comes to me yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah I get it
hello
I'm your mommy kind of what is that one
doing
I think that's tio he's like trying to
mount the chair
hi spinny sucks
look here comes ANCA he's such a little
scavenger she's just trying to get a nip
oh my god one of them was actually
eating one of the chairs or trying to
they don't have teeth so oh no no no
that somebody else is peepees careful
it's okay it's okay yeah your friend go
on play with your friends she just wants
food she's so greedy go back to bed or
something I don't know what you wound my
mom is coming over with her friend who
loves puppies she loves dogs
so she's she really wants to see the
pups I know I can't wait for her to see
them because they're like this is like
the best kind of stage for them to be at
cuz they're so active so cute would he
hide yank don't pee on this thing okay
cuz it's a nice thingy although I can
just wash it he'll I think that's he'll
oh my god one has gone crazy nuts I
think that's no Vale you can always
point out in a van and Bianca but the
other two are a little bit harder to
point out I think Theo has a bigger head
then Nova which makes it because he's a
boy but um
yeah sorry if you guys hurt gingka sorry
if you guys are bored by the puppy vlogs
but this is our life right now you know
this is what we're doing right now so so
they're treated over there right if it's
a lazy bum who's managed can you spot
can you spot pause the video and see if
you can spot the puppy in fact I'm gonna
take a picture now and put our Facebook
and see if you can spot the puppy hold
on
okay she buried your way into all the
toys here come here to me
there's no gameplay video today or
yesterday for you guys and maybe today
which is like tomorrow sometimes I try
and talk in your world which is like cuz
you're always a day ahead and then I got
confused to myself so bear with me
so I've wanted to do something for ages
on the am on doing gameplay stuff
because ever since like years ago me and
my brofist would be a playing games
together you know it's like I think
sometimes when we're playing games it's
all it's not so much about the gameplay
it's about the the person commenting and
the fun that they are having and I
always think it's better the more people
you add to that when it's more about the
buzz that the people are having you know
and something I wanted to do for ages
was to play play zombies or play
something with someone that I had that
sort of you know like total buzz word
that you could just are automatically
sort of click together and I've known my
brother for about 32 years 31 years 32
yeah I don't know I keep changing every
year think I'm 32 now
and you know there's no one else in this
planet I can have that instant buzz wait
you know but it's like other people that
I pay online well you know it it just
takes a bit of time to sort of you know
get used to each other and stuff without
words with a assignment it's just it's
automatic and it's always being like
that you know you can just turn on fun
all the time
I'm afraid just trying to go away at a
PVR when recording a sounding record and
you know we were already and then we're
kind of talking about lately and then I
finally when I figured out a way that
instead of me recording and I just blah
blah blah blah blah oh I'm going to buy
a microphone now so did I so tonight
we're gonna actually try and record some
fun with brofist and Joe fees haha they
actually call it brofist and jovis Joe
facin brofist but yeah I'm just really
excited about you know I think it'll be
a lot of fun cuz you know you know what
it's like when you when you got a family
member if you have that instant fun you
know it is like there's there's no
barrier you can't cross because you know
each other so well like sometimes with
people they have especially on a block
you know cuz I make jokes all the time
and sometimes they get a miscommunicated
and I and I see people in the comments
and sometimes on gackt my jokes well
that never happens at Simon because you
know you know each other for so long and
he can never get annoyed or your
siblings like sevens are the best
bestest in the whole wide world
oh god oh god so I had to rush out here
cuz I noticed of time it's four o'clock
and I was like oh goodness 4 o'clock on
a Friday it's got to fill up on traffic
oh so I better go before I get stuck and
I have to leave lovely cake
that couple of Anna's friends are over
and they've got cake oh they're playing
with puppies I want some cake
and puppies I have the puppies they've
been on a doll cake fakirs that's a
problem when you get a group of preggers
together eat all the cake and then a
rainy horrible day anyway we got it we
got it
oh yeah it's old school guys it's an old
school microphone microphone check one
two one two I feel like Elvis Presley or
something one of those kind of mics
that's a kind of reminds me of that can
I hear is this Elvis Presley all right
we were all set up ps3 microphone
microphone recording device I'm using
mixcraft ooh - I'll record the audio and
we're all set up just waiting for a
brofist to arrive and we are gonna get
this party started
coffee water and cake what else do you
ever need in life they're so big like is
you actually very taller than me oh my
god I'm gonna hide you look will you do
it so cool it's so cool-looking
try not to clear ear off but I can't and
there's no guarantees hey there you go
it's like then nice it's so cool-looking
now go to your top it would seem that
you're wearing this top and why are you
wearing this to the party oh my goodness
we just went around in circles like a
bajillion times we did not before I'd
ever died in Cork you know any talk
what's the name of that road train
station Raj ever got a crane station
road going around in circles we don't
were out with you sure where we're going
Rekha's going to a crazy house party
whoa we're going to yeah no put my heart
yeah all right what's up well I fit in
Ricky's we were like what's up and I'm
not yo I'm at a house party it's my hole
yo yo hey okay
hello bloggers okay we're illegally
parking in pesco we're not illegally
parking in Tesco we're illegally parking
in Tesco not like we're leaving part
that's a determine then look we're
legally parking let's go for ah okay so
were parked
I just wanna cuz he parked there look
and he's not look look he's got the same
car as me BMWs unite if you have BMW
you're allowed to park in this cuz it's
coast road guys and it's like storming
right are we gonna go for it do it do it
you go because I've got to lock it
got to wait the lucky okay oh god no
okay but go run run okay you're not
running no not that kind of a munch it's
a it's a it's a Friday feast Penniman
there's something to tie over
are you going
stay mad
how you graph they make up like being
matched there's so many numbers and
stuff fine 52 330 it's so complicated
oh yeah until we realize that I was like
stupid who was like 284 that it was like
okay that doesn't seem as dramatic but
in the UK notes would be way keep wasn't
it yeah yeah like a whole big thing like
yeah yeah after it the same price we
soon realized all right we're in the
hunt for earplugs so oh don't worry
so I don't get abuse in my sleep anymore
is it a knife or earplugs live it again
because Dina left the other night
abandoned us all and rent went
downstairs and it's six o'clock in the
morning I realized that it happened and
I went down and got her you're pregnant
you hate everyone everyone kills you so
we're thinking we could find earplugs
then maybe maybe our relationship might
save it oh hello Amelia but she got
hello media and said hello kitty
no I don't care that's so cute actually
what about this one here
share 40 maybe she'll like it maybe
she'll like it you never know maybe she
liked them too
SodaStream oh my god I actually had
whenever I was a kid was it Friday
it's fine it Fri DIY a Zed Zed IP yeah
that's right
fine but backwards bells Pizza he is
excited Friday fun fees to be it's hard
I'm so tired I'm so hungry I'm like
tired and hungry and we gotta go collect
Erica from her crazy party crazy house
party I think she wanted me connected
because she knows that like my mom's
probably like what do you have to be
connected at half 7:00 and I'm all like
what time she's like oh I can live in
there midnight I'm like yeah itself it
sounds reasonable
so this is like rehearsals for enemy
geckos got at middle and I'd collected
her from some crazy waves so crazy wave
barn there's some raven martin honey you
have to rave in mountain rd probably was
there aid guys
oh goodness collectin let the little
reconise we're goodness will comes to
dark it comes to darkness
ooh
night time city filament guys this is
the hustle and bustle of clark he
returned on a pertaining up with anybody
careful i get jacked a big carjacked by
this lady here look at her looking down
on me what you looking down at personal
home base caring catering team care team
care marked my heart
mars head over the first time I was in
town as a child I remember it was like
everything was like 1 o'clock in the
morning and my mom was driving me from
like my uncle says this is like I was
like I don't know like 7 or 8 remember
like 1 o'clock in the morning and drive
him to the city center and I was just
thinking like this is like a whole world
thought I don't even know about you know
you're like what goes on like what goes
on at this time of the night you know
it's crazy right boys
touchwood day you would see that oh my
god I'll just do that because the
vitamin T dark so when written Torchwood
on the with some graphic IT graphic ID
alright it's a 10 the hustle-bustle
hustle bustle
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
