so remember yesterday's will be all my
goodness yesterday's lovely a summer
sunny day we had
yes that's over you know that's over now
guys okay that's over at the plane the
first person was really good it's like
we flip the car twice it's like awesome
I think I'll get ahead of that truck you
couldn't see it but it was funny so
how's your day every day what are you
getting up to it's Friday for you now
he's nice and he plans for the weekend
Thursday for us we're living in the past
what's he making
at least some kind of fish but she went
to the market today
oh nice a market oh my god if we we
should totally try and get to the market
my coffee we got no coffee left
whereas
I don't know it's lashing rain though
our department inside a new car park
yeah they're at you they're inside
Marines yeah which actually is been at
night and must come short further inside
I can't understand what she means it's
like it's a ship it's exhibiting
experience I did do you remember when
and your family wrong it like you're
setting the family we're all here I
don't wonder before but they all went
there and I was in there you guys if we
actually end up going there if we
remember remind me me my kisses live all
the time that'd be cool you guys gives
us I could just see like the comments
here you didn't hit her but like I was
holding you think Bianca oh yeah he was
like talking with his hands in the knee
like elbowed her it was more like he
elbowed my hand yeah and here it was
like an attack oh god oh god I'm a child
abuser that's what happens that's gonna
media I mean it stop crying Shh
isn't that what you do isn't that works
so writing to the Popo
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh box we go to the
Popo got a drop in
and drop them in stuff it's kind of
million but it's close enough to the
viewbots which is honey but the rain is
made
more difficult
and it sucks
we're motor on okay that sucks they were
close it is when I talked the other lens
or something I'm like
no I ran in the rain for nothing all
right give us the navies in the car they
were close here got that in the pop-up
so this package is from Hong Kong whoa
crazy it was a sent that last year
sometime well done that's fragile early
on it
the Italian actually notice one box says
it's from Italy ratings it's not a thing
but that's still of clothing oh my god
Oh our baby princess you have really
good taste what is it Joe
congratulations on your baby princess
mayor finally be blessed with eternal
joy and happiness hopefully or so sorry
hope you will enjoy this gift to
document all the precious moments you
share with your daughter all the best
Diane subscriber from Hong Kong oh look
how nice it is it's like be pretty 100
in forget the car amazing okay you know
hire her as my personal account it
doesn't under means just terrible but
anyone who writes clearly he's like whoa
Wow I can read your writing
oh my god that is so cute it looks like
a fairy tale
oh yeah oh yeah it's like Alice in
Wonderland I think it's the Grimm oh my
god this is so like vintage ah
oh my god it's an Italian it is rich but
gently it's actually in Italian oh my
god it's awesome I love it cuz we
already have like babies yeah and that's
in English and then we got another one
from a subscriber which is different
again but it's also in English now I
have one in Italian Europe oh my god
thank you so much oh my god and it's
yeah it is a time that's made in Rome oh
my god that is so cute a postcard look
what it says
Oh me yeah yeah I mean I think so is so
creative
you should do art I want to be careful
when they open this and she even spelled
her name right oh my god she's felt like
the whole name Jonathan and I congrats
on naming Amelia Thomasina saucony
totally wishing you a healthy and happy
five month pregnancy Anna Thanks yeah
I'm actually at six months well no I'm
not well technically I am but Bobby it's
officially six months that's next Monday
so she was actually right I was like
trying to correct her right okay and the
best for the future with the beautiful
Emilio
you will make amazing parents wishing
all the love happiness and health for
the future love your subbies Natalie
keen
she sent some I feel like it did not
only count on Twitter or Facebook or
somewhere she sent something before I
think orange on McGoldrick from kenji
Anitra oh oh yeah that's it handmade by
not me oh because she maybe would've hit
hard
yeah she made us hardcore and we were
like oh my god it's like the girls who
made our invitations was not only from
Germany and both Natalie's are actually
really good at making cards and we're
not an art farinata you should start
making cards got read first okay
okay I can't look she said refresh you
know what the roses and it's taken
everything I drew this picture a long
time ago and was meant to posted on
Christmas so quite embarrassed by
thought who cares
I love the vlogs and me and my
girlfriend watch them every day we think
you guys are awesome Ellie says hello to
Anna and she thinks you're great and me
I think Josephus is funny as hell I
really hope you like the picture and it
would be amazing if you could open on
the vlog so I can see your reactions to
it I think it gave like a mini reaction
or like blue good luck with the pups and
the baby I think you'll be the coolest
parents
um Adam Stokes okay
you guys ready well should I do it when
you're able to watch as well all right I
got this I got this
ooh Austin Barton nice all right like
that my jack all right do it
reveal
oh my God look at the lightness in the
faces that is so cool
that's the threat to us oh my god I'll
undertake like here
that is so cool look it's so amazing oh
look at the Sudan decreasing English
yeah I know
the shading Shaye's really well done
like and even the things are so hard to
draw I remember if my heart's go that is
so amazing good job it's Adam yeah I'm
stoked about it man it's like what we
got sent in a book from Michelle Wofford
simple you know book yeah Michelle
Roberts and sinister your baby and child
it's kind of cool because they can have
like pictures of how you actually do
things like that that's how I was there
read but I am yeah that's kind of cool
or Jake whoa Jake oh ji-ho well it's
actually quite helpful you know cause
like it's like I don't dressing your
baby and it's like like a photo guide
ahead actually dressed your baby because
like I suppose it's I don't know you
think it's pretty simple but pretty
complicated score guys this month
I scored love floating oh okay well
you're not show myself then and keep it
just don't show myself that's just
amazing you all the dice for feel nice
gray hoodie guys from criminal damage
that called a UK skinny hoodie love it
cuz I'm skinny kinda um yes he is
another hoodie oh yeah look at this bad
boy
oh and that looks so good I'm so comfy
nice cuz I'm so jealous of Emma hi this
what's the right thing that hoodie she
has Tom's Jess is great um skinny hoodie
and I was like so jealous of it I was
like oh my god I want that so bad
but Tom's don't ship to Ireland Jan
Tomasz own ship and yeah you can only go
into a Thomas or because that's like you
buy it and then
and shoes - like Africa or something I
could be way off but they do something
for charity but I think if you buy a
pair of shoes they send another pair of
shoes off or something like that but I
was like going oh my god it's so cool
that hoody and then I couldn't buy any
right now so jealous but this is kind of
like you're great how do you like the
toms one that one kind of looks like it
you mean come if you have it and I'll be
jealous of you
yeah I know it is they'll actually be
honest now like me or do you like to
meet them Ella great I just don't wear
them with those shorts because it makes
your legs look short but when you wear
that when you wear it with long pants
I don't fine you don't do that either
take a worm okay next one yeah that
looks good yeah I like that one yeah
it's a better length so no one is just
long but I mean it looks fine
and I think the other one is thinner as
well isn't it or is that one thinner oh
so nice like autism will just bring in
two puppies around door to door Savannah
wants to buy a puppy you know might you
go to someone's door with a box of
puppies like this no mm-hmm this is the
outside world you can probably hear the
other dogs cross road barking ma'am I
did
mm-hmm good chili as well Mr ben√©t huh
would you like to buy a puppy
hahaha buy one get one free one white
one and we get one all black ones also
don't mate
how do you do that their drawl trying to
get up theater oh you can't - you get up
- they so cute seeing how much bigger oh
you so go dog out no one looks kind of
scruffy the Verrazano scuffed up funky
they fall in their milk all the time
that's the blue one I know they they
play with it was that dirty it's just
slime done there's slime boys slime
balls look we're having for dinner guys
check this out we're just gonna put it
in the oven now we got an onion on it
oh no Ted fell off tipped it off movie
are actually haven't won is that chicken
Oh monkfish nice I like this one they're
almost like a mini dress or something
it's very nice very nice monkey fish
monkey fish another wise monkeys in the
sea our Gator is the monkfish was to get
fries you think that's chips and like
sweet potato or somewhere it's really
darn good
you're so cute no day hmm was everyone
Roman Roman numerals and ends inside of
there and vegetable sort of a thing over
there but we don't normally worry about
the sort of vegetable sort of things
Sardi's hi mine
oh no they're Ana's there's ginger thins
from Ana's I didn't think I needed tally
one Spade in Sweden thumbs up that's we
got oh these old things passes over and
passes I'm creepy so I can eat them on
Jamali handsy oh they all came together
that's how it works
really I like they're full of liquorice
on the inside I like that I know so
which is your favorite if you comment
well I'm not really or anything
Venga Venga she's not heavy enough to
excel make it work oh that's a nice one
what's that one oh my god yeah as long
as you don't pay it that good it's
amazing what you need no one
whatever
so cool
it's really good I don't know the words
I just like no I I cut after you justice
that's awesome when is there not one
that's so cool
thumbs up for Ricky's in the dowel you
sure you could darling you should have
pretended your own something you're so
cool I wish I could buy a piano what we
can't you play the intro to the dance
she does actually when she kind of like
nibbles at your hand you can hear oh he
has to tease - what did I say here oh
you can hit him here as well you can
feel it like biting you
that's why it's like maybe try him on
some like em washed-up solids you know
give him like him a chicken korma or
sometimes it's kind of mushy uncle ben's
son naeun either she's wondering oh
great oh ma great breakdown we're gonna
sing mom and dad yeah yeah it's the
complicated it was worried of
grandparents so if you're like fifth
generation twice removed or something
she's always been asleep ease look guys
the puppies are having an adventure
adventure they seem to prefer when the
UM barrier like the cage isn't there
they just want to wander they kept
talking to go hundreds of kitchen table
so I suppose that's fine so long as yeah
we have to keep cleaning up after did I
am but yeah I found one of them
venturing off in there he's dating a toy
a pile up yeah I know well we closed it
run on hobbies out there all right they
can't go oh no you'd have been really
careful because yeah I witnessed one of
them go that part on the thing seriously
I think it was
Oh what Stan okay say to e but this one
is trying to get to my feet all right
they're walking does this was running I
have no idea who is who but just this
like this is too difficult okay do not
like the tiles or something okay my new
villa I think your Nova should run Boxey
yes Bianca I know you're very good he's
like Oh God very good boy
did the audience enough yeah Dean I
drank loads of a thorough Cena right
notice to the light escape because we go
bit careful okay I know when he might
feel kind of threatened Jonathan I would
do my heart like stop stop my sister is
telling you that boy dogs that like
killed his babies or something I think
that was when I don't know he ate them a
poltergeist came to the house last night
guys you know you guys are are scared of
horror stories don't listen to his story
um well I was here and I was watching
off and um nothing really um maybe just
pick I'll be up I'm going to tell them
sorry um nothing really supernaturally
natural has ever happened to me before
nothing like this has ever happened but
I swear I was standing here I had just
finished watching the dishes and
out to here which it was like this was
dark and something white just like flew
past like really quick but it was like
it didn't fly it was kind of like it was
like too big to be a cat or it was like
an algae you know that's kind of what it
was like I was too big to be a cat and
it was too small to be like a fox or
anything and it was like a blur like a
white blur and I was like I looked at it
slide to see if there was anything there
or was it so I don't know was that a
ghost or what it was it was really
creepy
I've never had anything and I was
thinking in my head like oh my god it's
just just like my mind playing tricks on
me like how did I just see this like
I've never seen anything like that
before I was like an orb or something
that's weird very big wasn't it
so guys comment up today do you believe
in ghosts then have you ever had do you
I thought I'd like an experience to do
it it goes through and on that and if
you have either leave a video response
of your ghost story right and I'll
approve it it can be below this video or
leave me a comment below of your ghost
story and then we can all rincon
together hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
