oh my goodness it's a summer actually
now we're out where our that Longmore
the lawnmower and my wheels my Long
Wharf maybe put a new wheel and learn
more Stone collection stone stro yeah so
you guys at the live show last night I'm
gonna need jazz you know I just love
like I think the last time we did it was
a mirror Middleton was it just after the
wedding or something like that I don't
know I it's been a while like having
done one have I forgotten trial in the
excitement but just a little it's not
like to catch up here what's up what's
up with you guys do you guys get along
what's going on what's going on all
right cuz it's like I know it's a good
party gotta stop raining that's what it
does tricky in the morning with the
sunshine boom get you with the winner
hater on the grass is definitely
increased in its size
this is I am this is our disposal area
in there of the grass the gracias you
know I should probably unplug that is
that so you lose a finger it's kind of
scary coming back in shoes I should be
able to this without removing at home
and at the same time that's their stuff
oh you can make one of those necklace
things
give me college whatever we made one of
those necklace things I bet you I know
they never made you a necklace cap this
is really scary in this part Oh God
okay all right
men are super unfun task is this part
here you've got brushes all day the XS
we'll call it the excess grass that when
you get to the edges you know we need to
cover something like machine or like an
outdoor vacuum cleaner it sort of sucked
up all this stuff that we did cool
someone can invent that all right nice
is it clean
alright next step put a snake it of
puppies Oh
but I'm just make sure I'm gonna bring
anything into the puppies that Nike Oh
God so guys I fail at making the
Minecraft videos I recorded it
I'm sorry Amelia summer last night would
you kick wait wait for guys look Limor I
went and a second later did she kick it
was crazy
um no apparently right like this week or
last day of November they the baby
develops like a kind of sleeping sister
so like she sleeps for a bit 12 to 14
hours oh god yeah so I hope she keeps
that up when she comes at perfect
whenever she's kicking that's when she's
awake yeah we see whenever because she's
not keeping all the time but yeah it's
like 12 hours so I think she sleeps when
I sleep so yeah never keeps me up yeah
yeah but so it that time just me getting
active it's like in the evening time and
then but she doesn't keep me up at night
or anything because then she kind of
obviously goes to sleep I think it's
just all the moving look like getting
ready for bed and then find me lying in
bed yeah yeah and then she's like keep
it down out there and then she also
doesn't want anyone watching TV at night
and then sometimes in the mornings and
then yeah like what I'm eating dinner
but yeah when you stay still yeah yeah
that's what I'm feeling right now
because I haven't had movement in a
while but that was cool I think I
actually see it move he was like I know
but that was bender last night when I
touched it
oh yeah it came back at right break
screamed you know and she's probably
like on a private conversation
oh speaking of private conversations um
guys I have something I have some
information I need to share with you
hold on hold on now we're gonna go to
walkies I'm gonna go into walkies guys
do you want to go into walkies do you
want to go into walkies huh what's this
crap oh you want to go into walkies
walkies Oh
on this forget what day it is that's a
that's a youtuber problem
Wednesday afternoon boom so I was like
inside like editing and stuff and we're
like on a spring for walks out like
y'all yeah put on my jacket on my coat
like normal you know head outside I'm
like what the heck it's like oh you guys
what about city window notice before
get inside get inside here you guys okay
is it okay out there to fix your hair
it's probably a bit messy but yeah
everyone's like running around they're
like teachers everything well you're
you're better cuz he didn't like grab a
big jacket or it was too late by the
time I realized it I was like Oh how's
that ever happened to you
you know it's like wearing a tuxedo to a
casual dinner you're like casual for me
all robing has been abandoned the summer
has arrived 2nd of May it was just the
lay play in a day Anna
that's all very formal the way I said
that I'm a security and I forget the
security jury
hope it I hope this is it now that's
what we said last time wasn't it feel
like I hope this is it now all the way
come on come on guys I'm so worried
about leaving the pups because they can
kind of get out now off the bed it's
like oh oh so I close my door and stuff
there's nothing in my room they could
like eat or like hurt themselves or
anything with so hopefully it'll be in
the beds when we get home hopefully I
found nice and summery outlets go listen
have the light I know
yes it was like storming rain and then
today you've got this
just like lovely like it's so glittery I
don't think I swim in there you always
think that when you look at the wire I
love to go swimming and then you walk
down and you put your foot in you're
like oh you run away
that's Harling for ya oh my god I got
sky so awesome so you're kind of keeping
out of the leads because I don't want
her to bring an end back to the puppy
nose but I know this place is like say
friend here
well there's been own to find dead rats
but apart from that it should be fine
come on guys come on we gotta run them
out of it because I wanted to be app I
wanted to be on the streets with a live
show we're trying to run it out of them
yeah forever are mine too you've no idea
like when you're used to doing this
you don't do it for ages you start
getting all what's that thing you don't
hear it was in a small place all the
time having fever yeah totally like yeah
cavinti was that film having fever yeah
come on run run
multis quick quick quick here comes up
which she washes weirdest take the stick
no no I'll be I'll be don't do it don't
do it okay
he likes you too will be aware she
washes all right and if you guys roll
and we wish watches for you too
I'm serious I know marshmallow alert
marshmallow alert crunch credit leaf
utterly utterly puzzled a penalty pop
penalty pop frightened but auntie
that's a cryptic situation that job
designer whisker dunya your lol M oh you
know Athena go Joe yeah it's a dream
Keys drinkies from the clouds
that's cloud juice rain is kind of cloud
juice isn't it can I get a point of
cloud juice please so we're all having a
snooze there I mean a snooze get ready
for their one thing she stopped being on
which she's deaf and lost like Superman
in check as the days go on she gets less
than us and they are like a month old
today oh my god
nothing month day happy month old
birthday doggies so I'm just gonna make
them a little snack because I think they
might be hungry
not really sure like I asked my dad you
guys hungry but they didn't answer me so
you know it's kind of hard you just have
to get some warm water cuz that's me Dad
hot you know only boil a kettle or
something something crazy like that nice
dude mr. ball do you have the ball
upstairs
okay all right you gonna bring it down
Oh one of us what do I use then that's
too small under the same oh I just don't
know if they get their necks into that
suppose it's okay all right and then we
need the measuring joke ah nuts
it's in here hey when it happens it mean
you have to use something and then it
turns out you have to wash it job just
your king twice as hard okay yeah
although maybe not what are we gonna be
flap we're not gonna be feeding the baby
well it's gonna be press keys and then
we're gonna be just like other dice
version barfing on stuff
what kind of two balls so we can split
it up doesn't seem like a lot but I am
this should do the job she did a job e
oh no I'm not gonna be able to do this
one hand alright we're gonna have to cut
- oh great
somebody just dived in somebody just
dived in hey here you go here we go come
on guys we practiced we practiced you
can do it you can do it come on come on
we've practiced do it do it do it oh no
no no no no I Will Survive hope he's on
me let's put on a little tilt my little
toes okay stick their head in
it's too bad in there you go she's good
yeah we got it again good doggy
okay next well you dived into it like I
just hold it there hold it there yeah
anyone else when they get in there start
dipping heads in tipping puppies in go
for it go for you're a month old now
okay come on come on
good dog next okay
they said face first good doggies that
one likes it yeah she does I'm gonna
finish it on simi's it's not for you
okay
it's not for you just hold on a second
Vincent come on get are you big and
strong yeah good girl maybe hold her and
I love it
she's just fun tonight you're getting a
full idea so I just clean the kitchen
it's all nice and oh my god I did not
just walk into the water bowl I just
came to kitchen point oh my god I'm such
an idiot okay I need to mop that up and
I'll have a wet sock now just great but
anyways my goes thing I just clean the
kitchen and dinners in the oven why
don't we get him up because this is not
okay oh well this is just water you know
and not I don't know juice or something
so there we go
my amazing mopping skills is an
interesting blog so like I was saying
we're doing PUC TV tonight so I wanted
to make dinner make sure that we had
eaten it all have long did you do and
that's what I'll do right now because
the bathrooms upstairs have not been
cleaned for like over two weeks which is
disgusting so I really need to do them
and I've been so just procrastinating
because that's like my worst tour ever I
hate cleaning the toilets yep um so
enjoy this that's not really his thing
either you know he kind of likes to
vacuum so that's usually his tour but I
hate the toilet that's so gross anyways
I really need to do it so I was just
debating on whether to do it or not but
dinners like almost ready and I don't
really like the idea of cleaning the
toilets and then you didn't
dinner that just doesn't really say well
with me so we're having rice with
spinach and peas and then we're having
fish which is cooking in there it's the
birthday lemon and black pepper bullets
I think it's card yes I think so um we
really like that that meal so we're
gonna have that I hate you laundry now I
just remembered and then maybe after
dinner I'll clean the toilets and I also
need to kind of like vacuum the bedroom
as well
I saw a few dust bunnies under the bed
in the middle and it won't defrost so
annoying it smells so good though I
usually cook the rice because you're not
supposed to out you're not actually
supposed to do it like this just do it
in the microwave but and they'll have a
microwave on me I don't think my toys
are really that healthy anyway so I
usually do it in here and I just do it
for like 10 minutes and it's super quick
and easy
oh it's keep fasting now that's gonna
crap that they just had like the spinach
is a big chunk in the middle it's
supposed to be like evenly dispersed
I also all look seeing us on our bed I
also set the table which we always
forget to eat here we're always leave in
there what do the time and dinner is
served
turns out we're eating in the living
room after all oh wow you Oh doesn't
matter here just move here stuff in
though because i just i setup sighs my
wife would let me go let me bring the
car and I'll be mobile simmer I'll bring
the car around
Oh javis look at me
airing my dirty laundry actually though
it's not dirty it's clean laundry on the
internet I know yeah so I think of when
I do that oh my god guys I hate this
lamp I hate it
I just want to kill this lump okay you
can't really tell now but it's crooked
and it will not go straight no matter
how much I try and twist it if anybody
has this laughs oh oh it's straight
well is it yeah I think it's true but
it's like totally bendy like it's loose
and it won't light down was like 20
euros yeah I was like no cost free no
God no it was like it was like 20 or 30
euros it was so cheap but it was because
we just needed like something for in
there different oh you brought in my
dinner one appetito
Oh where's my um new slippers upstairs
my dream keys I need wait for it
where are you wait for guys it's hay
hole in time all right let's get them
let's get my friends together for hey
hone are you ready wait no to macro wait
for the macro wait for it wait what I
think it's working
do it do it hey oh oh yeah everyone's
here this goes so fast you can pause the
video leave a comment tomorrow if you
were actually in the video oh my god I
got faster though oh my goodness oh my
god there's no way you're gonna be able
to pause that right no no let's ask a
question right let's see you get it
right first
what color is my t-shirt Oh
I thought I thought so yeah it takes a
while there's like a delay there's a
delay there is a gray oh my goodness you
guys
yeah come back come on if you find today
I do balance it out
I saw it pause the video leave me a
comment if you were the first person
there's a Blackford t-shirt hmm they're
so cute well you guys can't see hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
