good morning front I'm going to show you
the daddy video then suppose we're doing
it today
insert sizes because I get to eat jelly
soda taxes coming for me and I working
at the station and I detective taking a
long time because I'm trying to get
taking a long time because I'm going to
show that's why I've got this bandana on
and then the taxi is driving it what on
its way so I'm working here I think
things get some like sick so advanced
like the set and now I'm sitting here
and then it was too wet so I think you
cut taxi is here now so let's hop on
again I'm going to go on the back
because if that place is a bit good done
we'll get the hold on yeah hold on and
this is a bit fun on my country because
- no mom we're droids and we're going
right and now we're going on away and
it's a bit bumpy on these places
very nice very nice and my half are you
excited are you excited many moons maybe
I have waited to fill in this video you
can watch it on Sunday on the
friendliest friend channel going to be
very exciting do not look behind there
no looking behind the scenes cheaters
cheaters cheaters no looking behind here
okay you guys excited yeah
alright don't we go check out friends
friends on Sunday you can see what we're
doing
oh yeah and your name is we're having
our lunch or trying to Eric and I are
having our lunch and comedian Eduardo
were obviously full from their video
what are you doing
you stealing Erica's lunch take a bite
of your lunch break you have the nicest
lunch you've got quesadillas okay
there's all all here
yeah I think I knew this would happen
like I knew that if they filmed that
video they would kind of all I'm sure
then after that I'm actually no you have
to finish this one so that's the only
one you don't have to eat the rest just
one little earful yes can we cheat
screen but I know you Armenia but you
need to eat proper food normally
Oh Oh your tummy hurts that's the usual
excuse is not good where it was hot
Eduardo place your hat wow you look so
cool oh okay
let's get in there keep it away and
don't think I've really brought it all
today have we exactly
no I don't think you have for almost
running out this stuff I'm so tired and
I was like wondering to hold out why am
I so tired like what's going on with me
and then I realized it's because the
media came into us at 3:00 a.m. last
night boom or this morning however you
want to see it to me that last night
like that's not even like us not to save
us yesterday and but yeah and I had her
like talking and turning all night in my
bed and that was fun and that's why I
feel so tired babe I do kind of like
realize that you know like you know you
don't realize you're getting broken
sleep where you are and it's not this
little one if you put it - Oh everyone's
like oh we are you getting up you're not
getting on asleep with a new baby I'm
like you know actually baby fine the
other two kicks are just like going
through stuff or just like it's just
normal you know I mean they were all
really good sleepers they always have
been but it's that toddler stage where
they just get like a nightmare or they
need one night or like there's something
wakes them off on this commentar of it
so yeah time is not by three end just
not we're going to get any state basic
duty and but yeah and wash this little
baby now and put her to bed because it
is time for bed isn't it yes and you
have me the option happy you're playing
yeah you're a holy toy you're holding
scratchy tool and light up toy Thank You
birthday
all right we are finished the kid
teacher meeting to teacher things and
we've converted it into a date tonight
don't get a fright tuneage clunk all
right beautiful life you're gonna get
you've gotten very small oh there you go
if you've grown so we got Carluccio's up
here we got present there but there's
this Portuguese place around the corner
up here that's what I'm feeling but it's
very hard to get a table that comes we
never book and it's always very busy but
let's don't fight they can't late we
actually got table because it's too hot
they're still feeding out there so now
when they're young what if you got a
steak salad it seems like a
contradiction all at steak salad
carny
- I'm not a victim I like I like salad
in Sorrento because it's hot we're here
I'm like man like I like salad it's like
my chicken burger you know yeah I know I
know I know community Nitro not over a
permanent please society both resign
amazing I can't get to that learn with
you know like a lot you doesn't look
like it when I risk it my hair like push
this is like round proper control and
green beans actually a media I would you
like green beans now yeah
I'm not be like I'm gonna cool for hot
weather so the vlog was never and did
last night there was a fright
we forgot to end the vlog last night
familias what does they don't get a
fright me no why is your foot do not put
your foot on me anyway it is about
twenty past five you this is lies now
with mental day-to-day ocean from watch
tomorrow but you're not even interesting
because that's tomorrow which I hope
you've enjoyed today's video
presentation situation hobo is good hope
you got something out of it I hope your
Saturday if you're watching this on a
Saturday you have happened a fantastic
Saturday but you probably gone out
having a life living it up the media one
fit that wasn't a median marriages flew
past watch the video friends I get
excited Oh for the book is going to be
opening the cover on Monday oh yeah yeah
yeah we're showing them to cover up
o'clock on Monday Amelia and then on
Tuesday we're announcing the tour dates
how excited are you excited to go on
tour are you excited about it sort of
your first time ever doing a proper like
meet and greet and torn everything
you've never done before it ever brought
you before I figure you're old enough
that you're old enough to flogs you
always be part of it hi I'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching if you
got any word to wisdom for your boys and
girls at home you know punch it do a
punch
