oh crap he'll know quite a bit of
traffic here this morning
no no Liam's
we left like five minutes later then I
was like we should really leave about
8:00 we have to like five five say and
that's it that's it in the middle of the
jungle of the traffic got a mantis
started there's never any traffic on the
Internet there is a quite a lot of
congestion in the invoicing the traffic
yeah yeah but that's it we forgot the
schedule our driving upload into the
studio so it's quarter past eight show
is on at 9 a.m.
could be worse I've left out like half
past that you're like Tony Brown would
you take me to go maybe we'd love to
half past everything will be gone yeah
it does kind of work that way it's hard
to know this is possibly the worst day
like I mean it's mate first
happy b-day look at the weather isn't
made a today wears like you know you're
supposed to was that like yeah run
around that take over the streets or
does a call like you know yeah he's just
have run around not that pole or
something with ribbons and stand flower
got everything yeah yeah seriously like
happy may uh-huh yeah it's still winter
because in this country we have like two
seasons and one of them lasts three
seasons it's like winter and then turn
you into summer and then the rest of
winter
great 28 minutes past guys and we have
we're kind of in the city but we're not
we have to go to the other side of the
city but we're we're getting there
I like the what I do right is that when
I'm late for something right I implement
what I call my Dublin driving because
I'm from the big the big hustle and
bustle of Dublin and we drive a little
bit different to the people in Cork
because I noticed that people in Cork
are just a little bit more chilled out
you know a number like sure if I'm late
I'm late
what's up with that you know they just
scared openers more like what's more
like I don't know London or something so
what I find is that I like to just kind
of like you know going along the cork
pace but I'm late for something
I can I can implement Dublin rules and I
have a double agent car so it's like I'm
forgiving you no no no is you know I
just hated I'm hated I made it all that
he like gosh
joking right I ran down from the Big
Smoke probably some business man no no
some sort of a business stealin cuz
every record that we're on tio Elysium
tallest building in the world tallest
building in wrote Joe this reminds me of
this reminds me of Seattle it reminds me
to killing here linden linden
it's always raining in Seattle do it
appear and you guys from Seattle what up
near vana from Seattle
what Dundrum don't don't don't
you know the divine intervention
policies in everything don't do dude oh
my friends like why do always play the
stupid news I I couldn't get into it
like nah no younger not now okay
at all you're like Britney Spears and it
is half past and we are in the impact
base is like MD look however that one we
to be or not to me it is freezing
have to tighten the belt yeah smallest
one
oh it's gonna be good no like it's kind
of
you know it's just wasting wonderfully
okay oh look nice parking job man hey
looks cute but it doesn't work
Oh take a moment under the shelter of
Subway Thank You subway okay it's over
okay he was like floating on the ground
I know we arrived we made it in time
just gotta play some piano songs you
know it there's that DJ DJ guy didn't
even turn up he's still in Dublin I know
what is on my channels like you on right
now broadcasting oops
now get spanked Olga's first time on
your radio put onto the mic nope I go
get heartbeat you probably hear the
heartbeat and it's afraid to talk cuz
like it says Mike life lookin you here
it's Oasis Oasis are in the studio with
us their daters new you're just just in
there that's Jonathan Jolie and Ana
saucony
good morning morning and we're just
gonna now listen and to you getting your
pregnancy test first of all will you
tell me how you met the two of you well
we met in Cork
so Jonathan was actually directing a
music video and he was looking for
dancers and actors so I kind of applied
through at the time it was bebo was the
cool hip social networking site yes yeah
so I applied and then we kind of met
through friends and he ended up
rewriting the script for me and casting
me as the lead because I fancied yeah
yeah I abused my power but it worked it
worked very well and the two of you know
happily married on in business together
and obviously at this stage now Ana
you're pregnant
and letting the world know about it so
when did you actually decide yes this
this this can be a business and this is
something we can make a living out of
Jonathan yeah I think it was like about
a year ago when we first started this
for they're like we've been at this
almost two years in June so for the
first year I worked in a studio at the
same time so I was like doing like two
jobs almost running the studio during
the day and then the rest of the time
I'd be filming and editing and producing
and uploading and trying to build our
audience
I could see in America a trend of people
actually you know developing these
platforms you know getting shows
networks building like huge audiences
and I thought well why can't we do in
Ireland why can't we be the ones to
start this trend off in Ireland how'd
you do it and you have it's a better
connection I think a lot of them a lot
of mainstream you know reality
television if there's a distortion
between what's actually real and what's
actually heavily produced and a lot of
reality shows are purchased they're
dictated by somebody who's calling the
shots somebody saying no no you know
research had provided that this would be
a good thing to do and let's create this
scenario where as what we'll look at
it's like no it's like this is relevant
this is real like your life and
my life are very similar I do the same
mundane things I get frustrated as you
get frustrated and I think people are
finding more of a connection between
that so I know what they would be
watching this particular video the Tesco
one to be entertained are to be reminded
that everyone doesn't serve I think it's
a bit of both I mean Jonathan is really
good at making everything entertaining I
think yeah I'm pretty confident that
he'll be a good dad that way because he
tends to I mean just last night he was
cooking dinner and he made it into a
whole song and he was impersonating the
pepper okay we are in control we don't
have producers or anybody who is kind of
pulling the strings or telling us what
what to do and what not to do so we can
choose really what we want to show and
what we're comfortable showing and so
long as we're both comfortable with it I
think it's fine
so do you draw the line somewhere do you
for instance if you have a row or a
disagreement are a healthy debate about
something do them well that's the thing
I mean who's going to want to film
themselves when they're in a really bad
fighting so that doesn't usually get
shown but we don't try and you know we
don't try and pretend anybody that that
doesn't happen sometimes we're pretty
honest I think it's the sort of version
of reality TV and how can people watch
it where should they go Jonathan and
Anna youtube.com/ for its Dhokla flu TV
okay you can just Google Ciccone Jolie's
or just google of flu TV good look with
the the imminent birth of your first
child thank you I'm sure we can go
online to see all I presume you'll stop
at some stage you won't bring it into
the labor war and I take it Jonathan
Jolie and Anna saucony in our Cork
studio thanks very much for joining us
and explaining exactly what you do okay
all the way in and the rain and the cold
her father brought her and I he was nice
so we're gonna go now that was awesome
awesome yep was it good yeah
you know CeCe hello goodness no we
should talk to the moon still in
California or something it's quite like
90 degrees or something
25 weeks to sorrento we can
she's horrible this is summer what you
feel like super lazy and this is know if
you're really gonna fall elevator Indian
and my present level why everyone's like
aah toupee or not toupee oh wait a
second
although put the thing in I think on oh
wait I have something
Ireland let's see let's see you guys
can't see and you pop do it
two-year-old two-year-olds take all my
money
horribly machine for Ford you know I
don't need it for
still pretty steep you know we haven't
done in ages then wash so make my homage
the basil basil and the white run and
I'm gonna paint vegetable soup she's
upstairs filming right now must be a
nice thing for me to do it is I still
storming out there easy guys what a
crazy day he took a turn had to be like
it's so happy first of May Mayday Mayday
Mayday rescued me from the government
I was interested in me so I'm just gonna
stand over here yeah I'm not gonna sell
any papers now Amelia smile
I'll transmit completely tacky is that
the old trick when you walk where the
dictaphone 0 recording I know the tricks
so I have this oh do you see that oh my
god nails are sharp I know they are like
razors so I have this trick that I do is
be on deck because she's such a little
she's so funny she's still vocal there
is much okay I see now you're in the one
he you moved too easy
it's Bianca wait wait wait don't take a
minute
I see ruining it you know why did you
choose now to feed your pups
okay we booked them in we booked an
appointment
you can't spoil your tailor so Lee's
Nail your dairy Rizzoli's now see now
you're ruining in everything okay - no
what if she pees on the bed she won't be
an event
no she doesn't
okay yes good bye Kim good girl that's
what I find the tools I need for a for
my new ass
farming garden
really so good it was like out but I had
like one tool you do realize that's for
kids obviously so hold on he's there
doing all the work and she's there
cooking on the food what are they
teaching children no we've a list we're
doing it we're gonna do this the
chi-chi's burgers please oh they're not
enough for anymore
that's that they're not enough for
anymore nuts they tripled tripled in
price okay there we go my ooh remember
the one fusions fusions garlic and then
never ever do it nice oh it's an
automatic one very time zero okay so one
day we're having cheese day we're
getting a planner guys so I can finally
plan out my life have you planned that
your life hello so guys it was the next
morning it is today what today so am i
noticed when I was editing that damn I
added it down to your radio interviews
and stuff oh my goodness and then I was
like it's kind of short I was like you
know I'm gonna do a live TV tonight
because I haven't done one in a Joseph
so today which is the day of uploading
this video which went live at 6 p.m.
let's say what time you reckon like half
nine ten half night okay so half 9:00 on
blogtv tonight now if you're watching
this the next day then it's over you
missed it Oh putting the product on the
blog I probably record something but
tonight one on the blog so M if you want
to ask these questions or do whatever
you're gonna do a live show tonight
plot tv.com Ford stroke the Saucony
Jolie's i'll leave a little annotation
here and a link in below and I will see
you guys tonight for some live action
fun so much bring popcorn and please hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
