yeah I decided guys do you want to see
their little breckel fast oh there's not
that much left actually they don't go
too much actually no there's always a
little deeper you know hahaha on cue you
ma'am are gonna have a career in the
entertainment business with that cutter
always on cuter yawns this is for the
puppies for the puppies Xena Xena no
straightest trade in here we go tasty Oh
kinky jinkies okay here's there now
let's figure out of batteries go into
this thing and here's the treats motif
it's Oh cute it's Mac
okay so instructions you can just go
ahead and pick your language there there
we go see just go ahead and pick your
language which one would you like
see yeah I just want it's just a diagram
nope please feel ball enough wood food
to your pet is generously and quickly
award when a place at the ball keep the
ball and upon your hand and turn both
parts of the ball in the opposite
direction open the battery in the horns
it don't really talk but I was pretty
afraid to break it okay boat ends but
I'm a vlogger Roberts let me have one
hand okay
so ball batteries have been placed in a
ball ever
it's gonna I'm gonna go inside a nice
dogs in and you're gonna press the
button and let it go Mentos and see what
they do okay okay guys you ready get the
cheap you gonna find sheet
what's the treats what street was that
was ahead it's in there it's tiny
did you try good boy good boy
it's gonna get you
cheats cheats a man cheats on you guys
cheats in there
maybe I filled it too much Oh what's
this okay I'll be okay Jesus this is
really a robot friend
Jesus treats you ready ready get the
cheap cheap tunesmith Oh see who's got
some huh be i'll be i'll be i'll be i'll
be i'll be kids mommy ever heard of it
she's getting I know she's a Hoover g k
g:k what you like that's my remix oh
yeah oh yeah
get the pillar in the pop pitter pitter
pitter in the Pappy funky chopper go
faster tomatoes open Oh guys you wanna
see the motion what's up this is it look
look should water water
we bought water mozzarella water get
some money from Castelli please replace
this
once you monster all right spit out a
big boy it's back off baby five boom
have you any spinach well you know
there's a prego in the house that much
spinach all right now it's in basil look
like grow or night guys
I could make love to this plant it
smells okay mmm fYI I didn't actually
grow that I bought that but I taught if
I buy it it might encourage the rest of
them to be like whoa hey whoa I want to
be like that when I grow up well don't
turn into a basil plant you know like
motoring around by them encouragement
plus I thought maybe you just continue
to go this is nice and let this smell
but I thinking like we should buy like
mint and some other rosemary thyme you
know all those kind of ones I'm like a
big garden if you just like sniff my
show cooking and happy awesome if you do
that actually let's just go ahead and
high five that are you ready are you
ready
look we've done here chinki motsi green
Z's for what if I were to go ahead and
but some rebel chili on top of this
crazy invention would I be crazy crazy
to do such a thing
what people from far around to call me
crazy if I were to do this I'm going to
do it I'm going to do it I'm going to
put chilli undo it
Oh just just dip it up dippy dance to be
taps oh goodness oh goodness it's not
tradition deport let chilli with
mozzarella because I cannot I had a sort
of a salad beeping going on but I just
picture I don't know what I'm doing here
but I'm gonna close that over
and I'm going to eat that up
alright so I'm making alibies birthday
cakes but somehow I decided that I would
make cupcakes instead because it
actually makes more sense for our being
seen out that way we can give them the
cupcakes individually I don't know if
they will eat a whole cake you could be
honest maybe well see now probably would
actually but because the puppies were
old enough like that they were fully
weaned and everything so that like we
could give them all okay go he's so cute
but um I just thought it'd be better to
do that just for all beings you know cuz
they're quite small dogs also added to
that is the fact that I don't actually
have a cake tin I only have a cupcake
like a muffin tin I already put in the
cup of flour and then I got this recipe
actually from a youtuber that I love oh
my god I love her videos her username is
X Oh Bart no it's Oprah net Barbie so
check her out it's just X oh and then
brunette Barbie
well one word um her name is Jen and she
did this for her two doggies for their I
think was for bruisers birthday and it
was so cute and so I totally copied her
I can't take credit for this at all cuz
she she's the one who showed me this
recipe so um this is her recipe so
amazing and it looked actually really
good like it looked like because all the
ingredients that are in there she got it
from a vet so everything's safe and I'm
and all the ingredients that are in
there they are actually things that I'll
be seeing I love to eat anyways so
there's nothing bad for them in there so
there's a cup of flour 1 teaspoon of
baking soda okay seeing this crazy
covered right here of everything whether
we can find some baking soda all right
one teaspoon of baking soda
there we go next ingredient is a cup of
carrots I'll be seen I love carrots and
they're so good for their teeth as well
but you're supposed to get cheese
shredded carrots I couldn't find dreaded
carrots I couldn't find frozen spinach
yesterday either I don't know Berlin's
weird sometimes they don't have like a
lot of things but anyways so I have
carrot batons button for no carrot
sticks that's what I call them so I
think I'm gonna chop these up I'm using
1 cup of carrots and I'm just gonna chop
them up smaller like like this because
if I just put them into the bowl like
that it's just not gonna work so that's
what I'm gonna do so the carrots are all
in there next we're adding one egg and I
just realized I made a boo-boo and I'm
actually kind of upset about it because
I always buy free-range eggs like always
I've never bought battery farm eggs or
any other kind of eggs I got these
they're Tesco organic or not it doesn't
mean free-range like such an idiot a
tablespoon of vanilla essence which is a
lot but I'm guessing that's to make it
sweet because there's no sugar in here
third cup of honey which I don't have a
third cup measurement but this is a half
a cup and this isn't coming out I just
kind of filled it 2/3 of the way so this
should be a better third ah good in
there a quarter cup of vegetable oil
there we go and a quarter cup of peanut
butter which albion Cena love peanut
butter like they might even cry when
they smell it they would really like it
so this is gonna be another thing to get
it careful just gonna add that oh it
wasn't actually so bad huh I get the oil
cool now we are going to just to mix
that all up together in the bowl
which is hard with one hand so I stopped
just like to do this gonna go peepee
Sami will be nice outside :
do you pee pees you pee pees birthday
boy come on yes I know I know I know
okay so this is weird this is what it
looks like it actually smells amazing it
smells like peanut butter cookies but I
can't eat it cuz it's for dogs um I have
six cupcake cases there little heart
ones actually they're really cute and um
I don't know I think this is kind of
probably enough for six because it's not
actually as much they thought so which
is a good thing because then they can
eat it all
they're barking for some reason come on
in in in or you don't get any cake so
everything's being spooned in it smells
so good they actually look pretty cute
these are gonna be Mongo sized I can
already tell good to see you guys
they look amazing no sort of unfair a
bit ready I think they're almost ready
to pop honks OH oh my god they smell so
good even Jonathan was like smell like
yeah it's not for us it's for the dogs
I'm guessing we could eat it though I
mean what's gonna happen what's the
worst that could possibly happen come on
I dare you I triple dare you at least it
does nothing though I knew it stymie you
won't even taste
come on darling just do it do it for the
team oh no it smells really good ones
the burn Oh Jonathan come on oh can you
please just eat it No
just think of it as a cake for human fun
so weird just do it just put all in
seriously what is it like oh my god are
you doing that on purpose gonna teach
you oh he likes it
oh you dropped it see you parents we set
your cake oh did I kill me Kate oh my
come in seven you want some more then
some more it's your birthday even half
as much as you want you gonna have all
six except that wouldn't be fair
put some more cake lb well I put the
frosting on or not cuz the frosting is
the key
you're freaking well they're so cute I
think that's feel that you're rubbing no
it's nuvvula nuvvula and he'll actually
looked really alike oh she's so cute
Burrell's that's okay now I have no idea
no that's Bianca
this is the hmm no sorry da yeah that's
steel that is teal he had a little
Willie yeah yeah you know telling her
that young I know oh I got a message
so guys you want some cake now or will I
save it for later so really quick I'm
running late as always on Family Friday
you know what Tommy Saturday because
it's at least birthday but look what I
made
isn't that amazing oh my god it looks so
good and it smells so good as well it's
baked ziti I'm so excited
what's in the bag what's in the bag
whoever opens it wins it listen ah be
lazy don't sit help helping hands I
don't care about the cards Oh
lads pull it pull it pull it pull it
pull it pull it
what is it what's this no nobody was
interest
whoa did you get what'd you get what'd
you get what'd you get what'd you get
what'd you get what'd you get what'd you
get you wanna help me let me help you
let me go oh honey put it put it Xena
Xena see ya
you see pullin AVI put it put it come on
put it put it oh me oh me oh me oh me
get it get it
you have more presents more presents oh
oh that's it it's gone out it's gone
there's another teddy bear we got you
here you go I'll be happy birthday miss
Bella Bella here oh no that's fine
that's the best time of your life
was that the best third year of your
life without doubt are you actually
seriously telling me you like that oh my
god I eat when you're on that house like
the worst thing in the world
hm once you're down I
yeah I don't eat it peanut butter peanut
butter vegetable and stuff I have a
license there's no sugar in that peanut
butter and carrot cake no staying with
the toy she's painting with the toy yeah
yeah it is my first boy that's if I can
help
she's really fat first a font is crazy
oh come on whose birthday is it huh
who's the birthday boy boy is your
haagen-dazs and your happy birthday to
you happy birthday
I'll be happy birthday to you you do
Jason
they know he's going to you go Alvey hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
