I heard a tumblr in crash and I come
downstairs to find hidden hidden in the
bin my favorite couple the only Cup is
my Campbell's soup cup it's okay
have no idea where we got that done
because it is like actually the only top
I use I just love it's a white base and
stuff we're just trying to bring them
all up put them way as in like any other
coke you know funny in the tragedy never
he doesn't like it and the thing that
the Minecraft thing but with the
integrated face camera thing at the
front so starting to this new Shh
routine I'm gonna try it for a while
where it's not five everyday because I
proven myself that I can upload videos
every single day I think I have maybe
two over ninety two years I've been
doing it for about six months or so I've
been doing at 6 o'clock every single day
and I think you guys like that because I
like the structure of it so have five
everyday I'm gonna put up my last
adventure six o'clock every day will put
up the secona jollies and I have six
Nina's gonna upload her video supposedly
yeah yeah it still a boy we're gonna try
it so you guys if it if any you guys
like to watch my game kind of stuff plus
the blogs plus a nice video you can
watch half five six and a half seven
screaming I'd never be awesome you know
cuz I love unlike you know I can Sunday
nights when you've got like Game of
Thrones Mad Men killing break at Cannes
you know like all those shows and you
got to sit down
I love it it's like watching oats or
like you know the office parks and rack
30 rock spray oh good you've got like a
couple of shows in a row like that I
look I mean like I know if that night
when you get to watch loads you know on
sometimes you feel like you want a
couple of them or you wanted my one wife
like a box set or something let me know
so I just I'm gonna try that for I hope
you guys like it a little bit more
entertainment a little bit more of that
sack Pony Jody's holla kids like to Joey
Ciccone Jodie and then saucony Wow what
was my way
Oh
they're so excited they're like that get
your face out of your bone what are you
you know ideas she's my lunch pop you in
the mouth
hey Bianca hey teal my Nova they've now
merged so we are now better parents yes
Josh yeah it changed it changed
overnight
it'll really change when she stops
breastfeeding yeah
someone's gonna get a wash Oh gonna wash
me for your birthday yeah wish you
watching her she watches gonna have a
boy she wishes like that
hi mommy happy birthday birthday wish
she washes it so cute
this isn't a bash she's like oh wait I
think she's the one who likes to look
out yeah yeah why what are you doing
little minx
Bobby kisses Bianca hey Bianca how are
you doing oh my god you know Bobby's ex
puppy Nixon all I know
oh that's oh she's so cute O'Lakes oh my
god that's the best thing ever just
don't teeny tiny okay now now my twins
June not Junior sorry
peel Co I'm sure one of these two here
in the middle ones yeah yeah yeah I mean
that's embrace more is that novella no
that's a Nevaeh
that's Nevaeh I think it's this one okay
is it yeah okay so that's people over
there you know Theo
yeah do you go
special mind that has free birthday
extra extended ly long one each guys
normally its happy Happy's but it's
Friday Friday Jay one's caught you gets
down automate the puppies alright the
puppies wagging their puppies I gotta
give them to the puppies I'll be
Sedgwick mommy's here you go guys - guys
oh my god
you would stomp on them wouldn't you
you'd stomp on them
you do like dances and stuff yeah that's
a Stan - Stan Stan Stan Stan Stan Stan
Stan ten to dance tonight
Axl Rose and Scott Axl I thought Foley
was the guy's name are you see you
stinking I'm suing yeah and I like
getting mitt it - and that song is
really good for it because you could go
into like dolphin Tober all kicked off
left turn turn Bob Bob Bob but I'll bump
bump oh yeah guys you guys ready we're
gonna go buy a via birthday present what
could you get you a birthday present
Alvie huh huh we're just waiting for mom
but she's taking 100 steps steps okay
cam calm and collected calm and
collected hey do you not hurry up
I think they're gonna like go mentals
Toby's mentals thank you three years old
Alvey huh you gotta be tree hmm Tito
nobody has a party I have a party but
wouldn't see the way around it's not his
party that's the way were thinking he
wants need to be watch okay she does
need Japanese a watch
all right you can give one to see nice
mine now
we've been IDIA what again
he likes unwrapping things but then he
doesn't play with toys see the plays of
toys I don't know but you get bad know
what you're thinking it kind of has the
bed to have a bed each and stuff
ah that's tricky I would say leave some
suggestions but we're gonna go buy it
now so yeah okay Oh posses so know it's
it's it's three of these and one blue
and hey oh my god how coconut ones I
know versus knows each 15 years yeah
fifteen times forty what if we got him a
muzzle do you think you'd like that it's
a birthday present happy birthday this
is fun oh my god I thought it was kind
of squeeze so I am it is empty
go slow
ah toys all right ease as how've you
like
we would hate that he we've terrified of
that she see nothing's more of a toy
person I'm saying what the hell is that
that was kind of rude I know it's not
what the incus he's seen I've seen I'd
be like oh yeah tennis balls up and out
like you know she loves chasing stuff
what you saying
I know you're like big dogs yeah I think
so you should try and press them all
somebody's acute and then you're getting
them because like they're so cute yeah I
know
you know I've created a monster okay I'm
ready am i just bringing it down in here
like pressing everything no so you look
decent you go depressing me like what
wait something it's like to throw for
big dog
Oh playtime yeah that would be a good
idea actually for all the toys that's a
look at the beds then let's have a look
at the beds then what's that is that
your blender I'll tell it's like a
juicer for dogs
we'll need to get laid can you not get
one that has like loads in a minute yeah
look these are all like doubles
yeah like for you whoa - first we have
already there cause he's like they're
not gonna they're not like oh here we go
just get one I'll be stay with him to do
is to sit on the couch and look at do I
know that is like his favorite thing to
do and snuggle time we've gone to
bathroom is there anything we could do
to better his experience of sitting on
the couch like a throw that's more
Jeremy he loved I know he loves sitting
on the couch so I couldn't we can do to
make that better like we have what's
this bad for like in the bedroom he goes
on my pillow yeah in my office he has
his bed and in their sitting room he
goes on the couch so there's really
anywhere else
yeah you know like I think for the car
thing yeah but I think we're gonna have
to get that Ferb's the whole gang now
for the sake soon thought she was really
good either than we have yeah yeah yeah
yeah because once the Pope is growing up
we can't use that for anything six dogs
lured by a couple of more cars you know
like trains you can just like attach
more onto the back
returning me you only counted you up but
now it has to look nice on the couch as
well you know tricky why I know you'd
love a rabbit see what yeah make a
change for everyone you can tell which
is going away it's actually very soft
ah so cute a little jumper attracted
nobody for him that wouldn't be a
pleasurable thing to work Louis
he doesn't like wearing clothes what's
this get him oh Henry that's a good idea
fell apart no no I don't need he'd like
that I don't to get him some sort of a
pig's ear or something kind of afraid of
those things oh the batteries aren't in
there yet it is right it's like a fully
automatic all right
oh yeah snack boy its power the
smackwall bit pounder and after they
test a button and it drives around the
place
oh my god it's gonna scare a B and C
yeah yeah just just ease please
new staff member is it hey screw
melancholy just stay with us for a few
days
no yeah security
just looking huh you know just gonna
scan back
okay so this is for Abby's birthday cake
a lot of carrots what else goes in it
flour soda
hey boy
that's crazy
don't believe some of these ingredients
like honey Jam cheese peanut butter yeah
exactly it's like some gourmet stuff it
isn't sounding like quite exotic here is
there three yeah we've got a candle or
is it just the same yeah you know we're
on this one day next year I don't think
like for for like all the ones in 1k
geek alright so peanut butter okay
smooth 20% less peanuts and more butter
ones
all right how much you need in it 340 no
yeah
smooth peanut butter honey
kourin Valley
five careful
what's going on guys seize - who are you
are you Junior
yeah RTO CEO what's all the racket hello
Stan lb wish that all right oh guy there
nothing I don't they're gonna walk in
their own peas let's just put them back
now Cena's the cleanup
Tina likes to drink the pee drink up the
piscina that'll be handy with a mediator
you just like Sam Cena Cena do all
Emilia peepees Friday to me says Peter
day just something about it you know Fri
Friday Friday spells backwards actually
spells Pizza sir see you should try it
sometime
you should try and spare it's an anagram
Friday than an around for pizza nothing
right I think oh it's delicious it's a
delicious delicious delicious better is
a khalifa knife spells backwards also
spells pizza they're learning a lot
today
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
ah
