good morning little guys oh yeah yeah oh
oh you camera
he's smiling the camera little waggy
tail tell y'all oh nice
Oh y'all on a little walk Oh her having
a little walk huh how do you fight me
chatter hey we're missing someone who's
that at the back there
do Co come on peel see no se ho you sit
the back there there's nothing okay oh
there is no cure nothing you know knows
luck huh you can also walk can't you hmm
you always gonna walk these seen you'll
know what that means and you'll be super
excited when we say it no oh you're so
dude
we should run a race so you need us to
fastest well clearly this one is is that
Bianca we gonna keep line them up and
have a race
they each have little personalities now
I know like straight down for defeat pit
stop carefully about obviously she means
it they never don't let go when she
walks I know look at you see that's if
you kick the camera so turned out we
have no apples or yogurts so I'm gonna
have to skip breakfast and cut straight
to lunch so I got it
I'm gonna go we just we're not the best
thing here at lying the old stomach
quick in the morning time I like there's
only one of these left we have like
everything is gone it's empty and
everything look consider these ones were
taken out because they're small e slowly
and smarten smarty pants moly don't you
eat the smallest mammals I give you a
Snapple in the face of it the smallest
mammals in means mozzarella labelled
Attila look I was really worried about
moving is because whenever you need to
plant sometimes they M they don't make
it but I'm cuz you if they withered they
withered up a little bit but you can see
in new ones come out these leaves have
gotten strong again actually worried
this is the one that's why I memorize
worried that I thought I'd lost it I
should probably prune the little dead
bits off turn it around get some Sun
some Sun in your life look at these
things don't like look you can actually
see and like see can't you see the
flowerpots
actually potting up it's not so awesome
like they're gonna pot ups very soon
well not very easy but like in the next
while they're actually doing something
and I turn this around to see look at
something in there looks a little insect
in their head a little didn't check it
in there is he born in there in there
despite or something there's another one
bananas and a kettle coffee thing and
I've seen a dog at the counter are we
guys ready for a puppy camp situation
how do we thinking that how was your
flight
that was your in-flight entertainment
there's the playpen
lint pads
all right let's get out of here you guys
gonna mine the house you gonna mind the
house do a good job now you might have
house to puppies you owe me
anyway now here are you gonna mine now
she's ready feet man
give us the tape you excited Oh V so
this morning we got our invitation which
might I don't have here to show you guys
but it's really pretty it's really
acceptable and elegant yeah and on the
info said Jonathan Anna and Amelia they
said don't
there's probably no room for Saucony but
um that was really cute because she is
invited because she's in my belly but um
you can't do like stick to someone but
um yeah so that's gonna be so exciting
because we it's only six weeks to my
cousin's wedding in Italy and in Naples
I'm so moving forward to it like crazy I
just cannot wait because the weather
here has been so awful and you know we
had the whole shirt yeah we had such a
nice time last year and it's only for a
week but I'm just so excited to go
master last year's was the wedding so
deaier time it wasn't really yet so much
to do and there's a worry about when it
wedding over we only had like two or two
days there you know I know it was like
it was a week again this time it's like
the whole time it's just a holiday you
know you guys are coming to where we
makes it to market mystery let's just
again see all of Patrick's Qui Qui I
just got it really quickly what I think
it my mindset we if it has to be Patrick
Qui Qui Wayne I am Quakers
Quaker Oats this place is kind of like
spooky isn't it
oh wait three wasn't it yeah is another
like okay yeah pretty good
oh it does actually think of holies i
say they say
like okay
James course there's a monster so she
got it all she is one of those kings she
can park on the road with yeah yeah we
were have this parking
you thought would take a lot of effort
you guys will just type sake
it's my G strife day I know
YUM is that a poached egg wanted to do
things nice the chicken sent ond nice
tasty and healthy treat one day closer
to the beach honey my goodness check
this bad boy out
see that's when you eat salads so you
get to have this afterwards that's the
plan get this bad boy here that looks so
good I mean a little coffee just
remember laying some pink that was a
tasty piece yeah so good I like the
salad with the little lamb that's the
thing that's why you have salads guys
you know I've actually saw many salads
there you know
and actually you know what when I was
saying about not eating food late at
night and eating more salads not eating
as much crap and some it does make a
difference I've definitely found myself
I didn't know like I probably haven't
like lost any weight range you might
definitely feel better you know it's all
about the feeling that our factory isn't
it yeah if you feel Steel fresher and
stuff like oh yeah this turn get minis
it's not like a new car
yeah as a driving factor actually
impinge right oh here here oh you didn't
get a ticket on my Schneider I thought
you get a tick because we saw it lying
inside the restaurant
come see the puppies okay
next year just stop by the peel box and
we got this letter from Shelley in
Wexler Rickford yeah and um just opened
me and it was so sweet she said that her
mom died of breast cancer last year and
not like she could relate to me because
I've obviously lost a parent to cancer
as well and she's only 14 and I I like
teared up reading your letter it was so
sweet um I just wanted to say I'm really
sorry about your mom and I don't cry I
know exactly what it feels like and just
you just need to know that she's she's
up there watching you and she's looking
after you and it's hard but it does get
better like I mean I think about my dad
every single day and there's not a day
that goes by that I don't think about
him and I dream about him all the time
and everything like that but it does get
easier you know it just gets it's hard
but it does get easier so I'm really
sorry and you're I think your same age
as my sister right yeah so kind of more
similar age to her but um I really
appreciate your letter thank you so much
and you said so many nice things to
Jonathan as well and she said her
brother Shawn watches too maybe he's
worried that was gone Shawn Shawn listen
to me we're not quitting the vlogedy
don't you worry okay I got this one just
for just for you I will continue to
making them keep that he's worried that
we were gonna quit the vlogs after the
baby's born but um no we won't don't
worry
so thank you so much for your letter
honestly guys this is why we have a peel
box like we don't not that we don't care
about but you know we don't do it for
gifts or anything like that we never
expect anything from you guys it's the
letters that are they just make I don't
know they don't show that yeah she looks
at that laptop yeah laughing yeah and
that's it that's what we're in the game
for you know and if you want to send me
a letter to say I put a smile on your
face that's you know that's it like
that's what we opened it cool I mean
obviously we have to be a box for
business stuff too that was kind of the
main thing but you know I don't ever
feel like you need to say yeah I don't
feel like you need to send us any gifts
like we watch it we don't need anything
we don't want you guys I mean if you
when you send us things we're just so I
mean we just can't believe that anybody
would ever want to send us anything or
like why would why would you even think
of us now we're so appreciative of
everything that anyone has ever sent us
no matter how big or small like it
doesn't matter but it's the letters that
really like mean the most I feel like
you know and even I mean the people that
sing gifts I'm not dissing you guys it's
amazing yeah but when it's the letters
that you write that go along with those
gifts that mean the most because then I
we get a sense of who you are you know
it's nice to know who your subscribers
are because you know it's different like
on the internet you just never kind of
know it's like a little bit impersonal
so this just makes it a little bit more
personal so thank you so much guys we
love you
all they do they sleep most of the time
but looking what you're always trying to
escape out now as well they understand
could you kill it's the official
language of puppies could she kill me
probably
are you look any bigger than my foot
would you know different see my foot in
the puppy this is Cena why do i I know
you would notice the difference a little
tongue sticking everywhere I'll be used
to always do that someone likes Erica
the most advanced Thank You Annie sit
like that all Benny rubs
I had one task today to clean the
kitchen and I failed
I'm just like a failure at life oh I'm
so lazy today well actually I'm just
pretty tired I think so yeah I'm
supposed to clean up and I wanted to get
rid of this it's kind of drooping I
wanted to just clean everything and like
vacuum and I don't know give it like
kind of a deep cleaning and clean the
windowsill cuz all the plant stuff was
everywhere
clean this because it's kind of gross
right now so yeah I failed at life so
now it's dinnertime and I have this
weird thing about cleaning at nighttime
what I don't like doing it but I'm doing
cleaning it Eddie to him a day but it
seems like it's more of a daytime thing
you know what I mean because I feel like
at 19 you can't see everything that's
kind of stupid there are lights they do
exist but I'm just okay so we're gonna
make sweet and sour chicken go shopping
let's color should I use and please just
excuse me dressing gown but I was
actually freezing cold so I'm heating
doesn't usually come on until 7:00 which
it's about 7:00 now but yeah so I'm
gonna make dinner and then maybe I will
clean the kitchen
that's pretty messy sorry you know I'm a
working man all right Oh water you want
some some tasty lacked raw milk that's
no pradhan diet that's not for the
humans you can fry it I was going to
taste it but I decided not
I decided not to filter water is a tasty
so after i'm uploading days have the
first episode of the last thing am
everything is like I started it wrong
but I didn't do anything that's why I
couldn't find anything which is them all
of this stuff so if you can watch yes
there's one in lose anything but what
I've done here right is I printed I this
is the map right - look this - crash
site I know I start there and I and I
print that the entire story lines this
is the entire story and I like look how
deep into like this is going to be epic
like it's so long I printed the whole
thing out so got the whole script here
with me so I can follow along with it so
look like first thing find a crash site
I didn't do that then go search to crash
I didn't do any of this so now I was
like oh look I wanted this property so
and it says to turn it up on easy and
stuff way out like so there's not
supposed to be any em zombies and stuff
so I totally messed it up but now I have
the entire script I have the map here
which you can show me where everything
is and I am this is going to be awesome
this is going to be epic epically
awesome awesome I'm gonna eat everyday
because I'm gonna do this every single
day it's gonna be 15 minutes on right
I'm gonna put it as a video response to
every single vlog for the next while
while I'm doing this every single day so
I'm if you want like I know a lot of
people aren't into games and stuff but
if you want to em check it out like it's
just basically me and sort of narrating
the story of lost true pretty medium of
Minecraft you know it's not like a video
game but there's no fighting right now
it's just like he's just like puzzle
solving and stuff okay first episode of
Lost is completed I put it on my Johnson
Jolie channel so I forgot to check this
out you know it's down here making some
sort of a ruckus I'm sort of a ruckus oh
my god forget youtube you should be a
cleaner oh look at this guy's
yes have you ever seen that's what's
underneath all the same I did
I have forgotten there was even anything
underneath no I hated the Stars like no
forever
ever there's even an echo in here hello
look at this play oh my oh my god it's
amazing we should just like to leave do
the recycling says now I totally forgot
about nanny uploaded our video and I was
a doofus bitch but it fix it now so she
go across we need to get some num nums I
love it and it's awesome you're amazing
I wouldn't have done this you're way
better than me they're gonna be a good
mommy it's all for her new beau Bobby
well obviously she'll be doing it from
now on what each candidate Roy can you
start getting your child to do your
house tour left what no hopefully I'm
gonna have like a little a little
tournament like part of nesting because
you just feel more like you need to
clean oh my god you know you're pregnant
people should do like waiting they're
pregnant they should be like cleaners
that they just need to do things like if
you want to hire a cleaner hire a
pregnant cleaner I know this isn't my
house it does it does it looks amazing
well done Nene's like so amazing behind
everything
let's go direct it and the floors and
everything you got the job
it's kind of a good work tropical eight
I think
want to get right don't look at all the
fancy prices shopping late at night
don't have afraid you'll find a reduce
section like wait so he's kind of just
going somewhere and I was like just let
it happen that let it flow GG is big
value being valued for a big man check
it okay he got screwed we got screwed
guys on mozzarella
I'll show you we ever showed him and
it's that one one big fat so big fat boy
oh yeah it was like pure water mush you
should open it don't see what's in it
you know just just for scientific
research if anything if you want to test
taste do a little taster test of some of
the pasta here you can we can just try
some you know just some here I'm gonna
just taste it when I come to Tesco
late-night shopping you get the taste of
pasta do you want to join or grab a
couple of pastas pass try something to
pass the time
don't walk past it it might pass you by
you love me too jack okay
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
