good morning afternoon good night
whatever time in a day it is that you
chill into our show good that time hope
you're having a wonderful day I hope
today is going to be wonderful for you
I'm heading to see my our compound which
is always like it's a good thing and a
bad thing you never really know you know
it's like a lucky dip it's like yeah you
got no money or money no it's a kind of
a you never really know which way it's
gonna go
I apologize if it was if you got really
upset about what like not upset but I'm
not like you know I'm not like a Polly's
you know I'm just saying in the sense
that like I watched it and I was like
when I was making the music you know I
was like recording all the audio bits
putting music together pianos guitars on
herself
I don't man I was like I was trying to
find the right formula because to me
it's like I wanted to express something
about how I felt and I've always been
being able to express myself through
words and music and stuff so I wanted to
do something and I found the right
formula with the guitar and the way the
piano and it daddy the drum part in and
then just like putting the small bit of
lyrics over it and I just felt like then
I I was in tears like and I came into
Anna and she was like oh my god like and
I was like I think I think I made how I
feel you know I think I transformed how
I felt in two words music you know and
she watched and cried and something I
was like oh my goodness like I'm really
sorry if if I have upset anyone from
watching I just wanted to express how
how I felt you know it's really it's
really sad you know cuz
like you know it's part of nature thing
and it's like it's worth it it's kind of
what's gonna happen you know like the
rest of them are super fit and healthy
which is awesome you know they're all
probably you know with with I think what
happens that when the small little one
kind of passes it gives the others more
chance something maybe it's like part of
like sacrificing for the greater good I
know nature is that fitted the strongest
all right you know she's kind of sad
because it's our cat you know it was our
dog you know and it this makes us boat
really wanted to keep the four of them
to keep the six in them now I'll be seen
and the four others like the really one
you know to feel so that was so hard to
go to that and I feel like oh man like
that was such I was so emotional I was
so upsetting you know and maybe we
should just keep them all you know
all going I still have enough money for
bus fare home actually guys you know
what this is the actual club where I see
you know I'm there that's actual
nightclub where I made the music video
but I don't actually want to cross the
road I think actually yeah that's that's
it there Havana's that's right film the
music video we're at with Nana if you
haven't seen it it's on my other channel
but uh yeah oh look five years ago it's
not crazy
why years ago never thought I'd be
walking down this road doing what I'm
doing five years ago
that's what shizzle he knows baby hello
sleepy sleepy sleepy Sina their little
ears are opening containing hear us now
hmm where's everyone checking what's
everyone doing here all aboard all
aboard
Oh chuckle chuckle chuckle chuckles
clean him up Seth I think it's too late
Nene's I know but it's already four what
time they close on our they are late
openers and they late risers cuz it's
alright because I remember like the trap
eCos with your mantou leus you know see
if they open late sometime is it hot for
its puppy cam time coming I was job
turned nuts
behind our super hot radiator radiator
are we all okay okay oh oh my goodness
oh hello everyone hello everyone welcome
to the 6:00 news my name is Franklin
arch ball hello Frankie aren't you all
you're so cute
did you put each foot so we're going to
get a little rabbit run for it
because they have gotten to three weeks
old today and they're definitely trying
to walk for a kind of climb out of their
bed and they're definitely getting more
active and I you just feel like you know
I don't want to stunt their growth way
you know restricting them into one area
only and it's clear that they want you
to go and it's probably good for their
muscles for Calvin if they walk around
or something you know yeah
cuz I want to play though I know I want
to play with you too so we're gonna do
that and we have tons of newspaper that
we've been saving for like weeks so
we're going to use that like as though
underneath parked we'll probably get
after my mom said she found a really
nice bike
so yeah it'll be revealing and your nose
old wheels then they run hamster wheel
yeah and we could like plug it into like
the TV or somewhere and charge free
electricity powered by puppies so cute
anyway so we finally made with all of
them today because I was thinking about
this and I was like how nice wasn't that
many actually had a name when she got
and she really did have an identity and
you know we'll never forget her and
it's like I just I don't I'm not saying
that like in case another one dies
because the others are good stuff
there's no comparison like now that we
look at them it's like there's just no
comparison she was so small compared to
all of them and they they all look so
fat and healthy you know well we didn't
know like their everyone like the bats
at like 90 percent chance you lose one
and we just we just hope that when they
were growing but over the last week you
kind of can tell I think she maybe stop
throwing things all because the
beginning all the girls were the same
size and then something just happened
also I I noticed that her stomach was a
different color than the rest the rest
of it
Jewish purple and we tried like I would
always take the other puppies off seen
as nipson put Minnie on and I felt bad
doing it but that's what you're supposed
that's what I did in the beginning with
the boy oh yeah and it worked because I
thought he was the runt but I think mini
was was the run to me there's kind of no
get well the wise had an hour
she was an hour behind the rest and she
was in the womb for an hour or I happen
you guys were following his that night
on Twitter there was like an hour of
silence and then she came and sometimes
that means a fair yeah like a week
younger than everybody else but she
wasn't she wouldn't go to her latch on
the neck when she wouldn't 3 word for a
minute she couldn't do anything
we tried feeding her I mean we treat all
kinds you don't like everything you know
always assume everything but anyways so
I just wanted to I wanted to give them
all a name because I think it's
important and you know I don't want it
to be just like two of them or three of
them have a name and then the rest don't
so I really wanted to do that if I was
so important so we have names Manami
Eugenia winner on Facebook that's what
we were interested in but no it's nice
that we'll always remember her and she
won't be just puppy number five or
whatever you know
so anyway obviously there's vo is the
boy what do you think Amelia door
Jonathan picked that one in himself but
he wanted to pick the boy's name and I
think he has a little bond with vo and
also Theodore Roosevelt it's like
because he looks like a teddy bear you
know
um and then there is Bianca now Bianca
is the one with the longer face because
I can always point her if she's a bigger
one and she has a long face and she
might not be as typically cute as the
other one but she does I'm sure she she
is cute you know she's adorable like all
of them but it's just you know the
little squished up face it's like
they're always so cute and then she's
just kind of got a longer one but he
dodges which is like Xena Albie has a
smaller nose pretty cute though baby is
really cute she's like she's she's
different down but I don't know I I
don't think that Cena is like funky or
anything no like they're both they're
both like Tara Fred they're both perfect
yes actually what the breed should be
yeah their size their dimension their
jaws everything but the small
differences between obviously the
symmetric south their bone structure
means that Xena has like a little bit
longer she is what you're saying yeah I
mean it's a good thing because then you
can tell the part like a job if they
were all the same because
they are all the same breed but they're
not you know there's differences
there's Bianca do like I said and then
there's two three and there's two little
girls and these girls are the ones that
are so indistinct well like I can never
tell them apart but one of them is small
one of them is a little bit smaller just
a tiny bit smaller than the other so
those two girls excited to give them the
same first letter to their names because
they are similar and they kind of go
together so they are Nevaeh and new
philip now if you know anything you get
like Italian or Latin or any of those
languages you'll know that these names
all have a meaning so Theo doesn't mean
white Bianca wait wait wait what let
them guess
okay bye-bye
oh yes anyway quickly pause the video
now I guess no don't listen her pause
the video type it press end and you
can't delete it afterwards whatever
anyways so Oh Bianca means white maybe I
mean Snow White in Latin nuvola means
cloud which is white as well
so they all have late that white and
they're all white obviously Theo does
not mean white but apparently Theodora
means gift from God I thought that was
kind of cute because he is a gift from
God they're all art but you know he was
really small in the beginning he was
gonna make it
so let me know what you think of those
names I really really like them
I'm so proud I'm like they all have such
special names you know clearly one of
them to have like just a kind of
half-ass me that we just kind of gave
her anything better - yeah this is my
son one my daughter two three four
my brother thinks I'm an idiot for
naming them she was like don't mean that
it'll be way too hard if like you know
something happens or you like saddled
with Mert decided to give him away or
whatever he was like name them one two
three four and five but then he has a
point but then like I was saying I'm
ready champion up in a minute because
she had an identity and everything so I
don't know I think there's kind of two
sides to it but let us know what you
think of the names I really like them
some strip party is that a toilet little
tiny beds say for hamsters yeah yeah the
brains in German it's just like it does
kind of work but it's got like I don't
know like dear Jimmy saw was much bigger
like I'm smaller yeah yeah like look at
the height sure maybe like water two of
them
great you know for like a Doberman but
then yeah yeah they're gonna grow up and
then we're gonna be stuck with it unless
we get a Doberman he's a farm supply
place just across the road he just
popped over to have a look with a house
do this thing
no no you see a price
you want a roof don't see a price on it
Oh 50 plus antenna cheaper a crossroad
let's go over here because I think I'm
like that's just trying see what else
they've got in this place we're gonna go
explore there might be some stuff here
this is where farmers like me come to
buy our stuff
Nina farmers like me yeah is there
anything like think maybe something
small for like a greenhouse hmm that's
nice
it's not really gonna that's a lot of
combos what are you gonna need all that
soon when I grow my organic Superfund
this well you know thanks that's fine
you see now I reckon right by this right
six euros and I can clip that four ways
tie it together and we've made the run
and it's gonna cost us like a tenner at
the most like what do you think
I didn't know I know you're thinking
like aw it's like messy and stuff all
right no considering is running supposed
to last like a little while didn't like
blowing up the paddle pool took a lot of
effort make one of these for behind of
it oh yeah you don't need to cut that
like one put that in half two of them
then cut it twice like yeah
do you have enough players or snips I
think your mama's a snips pliers pliers
application no when I asked you that
remember no no I don't even apply as new
snips the pliers is the grip snips at
this nipper I'm sorry it's it's more for
boys
second there's yeah I am a trained
engineer
I know what is that was a punch I'll
give you the snip oh all right no no
that's a snip Sarah see the difference
no that's the pliers
that's the snips there's a big
difference to pick them up there okay
that cable ties a lot of guys it's
actually a catcher thing together is why
I won yeah I know I know these things
you should get a level you know where do
you make your makeup you put it across
your eyes okay that's it let's get in
here I'm gonna make it Oh deep bite you
pay a pair for everything that was kind
of weird we came out something door it's
just nowhere anywhere near our car that
one well we should go back to her over
there max he's Nima like you work on
Commission big big
have you ever leave me a comment you
ever had a pretty woman moment we've
actually so many people like you know
really yeah no I think it's more Nikki
think of it after yeah yeah yeah he's
going another job or something limit is
that cutting like I got the first one
kind of cut in half so I'm I think this
is gonna work out it's gonna work out
really well
save me a bundle of fun those began
their video is about to go live Oh
killing kill Killeen alright I've got
them on separate but as you can see the
spikes here which would it be perfect
for if this was game at Roland's and I
was gonna head them all and squish their
heads onto it that would be perfect what
this is not game of drugs so I think I'm
asking take upstairs I'm gonna try and
mush all the tops and use masking tape
on the top like there's no weight or
even going to be able to get up that
height for them just in case like a lark
I'll be I have these terrifying case
Tina tries to jump in and catches
herself or something so I'm that might
that's why it's not to be nice so join a
feel or having free dinner this rice
which obviously is just kind of I'm just
calling it a little bit and then I'll
cook it later cuz the fish and I think
it takes about 30 minutes 30 minutes
yeah I was waiting for your reaction for
like ages
Java's is hard at work Frank imagining
on Lydia's say forever
who's like you're holding nothing cuz
it's not really sure you got my camera
yeah like I have to clip all I couldn't
find a masking tape or a flight or
anything so like you can see that I'm
just clipping all yeah oh my god so make
it like perfect all there right if they
know and then this is writes with
spinach peas and oh I think it's egg egg
fried rice or something about anyways
and then I'm fish which is baking in the
oven but that's gonna take a while so I
might actually do laundry the only thing
that laundry though is that it takes up
so much space and the thingy but
apparently it's really good for the
environment to not use it tomorrow you
never use anyway because I doesn't work
properly so I think this also needs to
come down
yeah but anyways you're ruining
everything
um I wasn't gonna say yeah you know me
oh yeah so I was wearing my white skinny
jeans today with the bump banged and in
the beginning above bad for fine like
when you're kind of smallish but you
just can't button up your pants but now
that I'm like 21 weeks and it's just
kind of like everything's bigger you
know you can totally tell that I'm
pregnant now it's just like really
uncomfortable like it's just like
there's no comparison between that and
the maternity continuity pens and I
don't care what people say because some
people are so opinionated about it it's
crazy
either you're for or against like some
people are like like they're such a
waste of money just buy them in a bigger
size I'm like no you don't understand
you don't understand like again
something if it's a waste of somebody
else's money not actually but know what
I mean before I got pregnant I didn't
know anything about it and I didn't know
whether I would or not because I didn't
know whether I would need you or not and
then I found the bunk beds and I was
like you know these are kind of cool but
they only last for a little time a
little nighttime and they're working -
yeah yeah honestly like when I wear with
those maternity pens it's just there's
no comparison I'm so comfortable and
it's so amazing I'm like okay this is so
worth it where'd you get your attorney
guns hmm is it no but I think I might go
somewhere else cuz a Jeanette went -
yeah I'm gonna get a pair of jeans from
a sauce because they actually have a
pair of skinny jeans so they just look
like my like my normal skinny jeans but
then they have to it's the middle part
that's what's important you like step
into them and pull them right up so they
go up to here and it's all fabric like
it's kind of jersey material it just
kind of like hugs the belly but it's
supportive but it's kind of like you
know loose at the same time like you
have enough room to move around you
don't have to worry the bump bends like
they they right off and then the pants
can fall down and you're always
constantly thinking that to things
whereas you only want to think you don't
even want to think about pulling your
pants up look I have the bottom one done
under me can see that cable ties I need
to clip them at the end and I have two
sides to get done and gonna put the last
one on I'm going little baby baby cable
ties this is really good for like what
was it I think they were like about five
euros each for the road so it was ten
and then that was one euro I think it
was like 150 to say like 11 and then I
had to buy an appliance so if you
haven't appliers it like save you that
but like for like I mean was like turkey
in euros or something like that I got
this versus 70 euros so this is pretty
good because I did them like joints you
can actually am the whole thing will
fold
yeah like it'll fold away into the back
of the car nice and neatly down
I should painted this this I think so
may have come up with this before me
this painting is your idea then you just
plop it out kick get at the bottom and
then we have a little run that is so
cool okay I think we should have we're
gonna pilot open some newspapers as well
what the minutes but I'm I'm actually a
genius seriously a genius what are you
doing let me out you okay for you yeah
who are you
Hey look they're all wandering around
look at this scape artist Kunis like how
much bigger there are you all heading to
maybe if I move it beside the radiator
we're like you know what I put in front
of the radiator because they all seem to
be navigating over it it's like but I
put scene in there with them you can
view it yeah do you think it is guys huh
mm-hm
let me give this a little venture over
here go away detail mm-hm
they're not shooting on it investigating
investigations investigations it's okay
obviously yeah we believe seed in there
to him no no so cute oh my goodness
mmm-hmm no no hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
