last night we were we're up most at
night cuz that mini was like she's
squeaking so much you know and then we
just kind of worried about her because I
didn't think she was eating that much
and it just seemed over the last week
she's them
she's definitely sort of I don't know
quiet and just sort of slowed down a lot
you know uh I don't even got any sleep
last night which is like we're supposed
to go into the hospital now for the you
know for the 20-week thing over again
you know we get any sleep last night for
them
I brought them all over here
unfortunately it's really sad cuz you
know you feel kind of like somehow
responsible but it's like we know that
we did like everything that we could do
and you kind of knew it was Khamenei
kind of knew like yeah everyone said
that I was gonna happen you know and I
hope that you act like sorry just you
know it's kind of like nature's way of
just sort of like so like the rest of
them we're all healthy and happy and you
know not bigger
keep your net and she's called her mom
if she's so sad you know it's like oh we
kind of gave her a name you know and we
kind of came up with a little person not
only for her guess it's just
it's like a normal process you know it's
like a normal thing that's supposed to
happen but just feel like I hope she's
okay Justin in pain or anything last
night
you know like whoo hey I got some like
puppy food and I put it in like boiling
water and like made it into like mush
you know and then it's our feed nur and
I put my finger in a mat and then she
wouldn't open her mat and then
eventually she did and she started
licking it liking him
we tried like sugar and water to give
her like you know hiking clothes our
levels you know it's right you know I
grew up himself and then she sort of was
for a while and started tricked it off
again and then this morning she was just
cold in the corner so we decided what we
might do is um we'll give her a little
funeral and Mama Starlights garden
because if we put her here we moves
won't get to take away that so um I know
see that is fine the better because
that's just nature now nature sometimes
cruel that way like where she would just
think that like oh well I guess you know
she'd move on with the rest of the pack
that are like super healthy and all why
am I so upset I think I kind of feels
responsible or something you know
because she really wanted to because we
felt like we had like.we through weeks
who thought like oh we're headed it
would work like we've actually we've
made it here you know everyone's
everyone's okay
his little box for the news it was such
a good doggie
such a good doggie doggie
huh you are there with anything
understand so girl life sucks guys
sometimes
now you know aah dogs get to have and
guys just means that the rest isn't
going to be all healthy now it's a
little sacrifice everyone else you
didn't anything wrong Xena you're a
great mommy
your mommy of the year well you're okay
your mommy of year
well you're my puppy mommy of the year
we cannot Pokemon me
congratulations ena it's good that they
don't know in a sense you know it's good
that she's not mourning or something you
know it's really hard after something
like that you know to just carry on you
know almost you know isn't it she like
because I know like it's really exciting
that we're going so there's our first
visit with our private consultant that
we have now and stuff you know but
everything seems like
so sad you know and it's like I don't
want to be like I didn't want you know
no she stopped talking
yes go into the obstetrician I kicked it
like
so Vietnamese didn't a better place so I
decided what we probably do was and get
a plant and we will after we very little
mini I'm gonna put a little plant over
her so we can always remember our little
mini was you find a nice enough plant
though what do you think not these I
just stopped here ask you what you think
yeah it's got to be something small and
it's something to me remember her vibe I
don't know it's just because it's you're
not gonna put a big cross in mama Starla
it's garden so it's like why don't we
just plant a little plant over her and
then that'll be we'll always remember
where she was a tree see I don't know my
mom has something that she like I don't
eat your mind be something nice
yeah it is look at these ones oriental
poppers
so too small no it could be any size
zorga Moloch writer Dundrum he said then
that grows every year this this time of
year blooms I'd like that's it miss ice
in pink I think she'd like that
oversized in pink we're going to a
different place today guys oh there it
is
all right where do you park where does
one Park
Consultants private clinic Olek public
car park I'm not - gotta pay oh man
but I paid enough 250 per hour costly oh
goodness oh goodness we take a run for
it oh thanks I know I let this come it's
kind of sheltered each other how much
faster
oh wait I have to take Parkinson we want
to go back look you go to the car I'll
go pay the park do you think that was
awesome guys it was an awesome
experience I must say dad the guy it was
really funny because we didn't actually
tell you this but the actual hospital
and had actually written to us about the
fact that they would film the show every
day they were like oh you know Santini
Bob you know ma'am I didn't mind him
bringing up and you know but I call them
when I wanted to the manager in hospital
I actually called her when I wanted to
change over here so when I went into him
the professor he knew everything about
YouTube and all which kind of made a lot
easier didn't it
you know like was kind of easier that
you know they knew from the start and he
was like January fascinated by it all he
said what then he was like yeah this is
amazing yeah he's like I'm going to try
I am NOT going to watch it because it's
really it's like I don't have enough
watching it and I'd be like don't do
that you know so he said that like we
should be able to film like mostly the
hospital have like really strict
policies and what they can and cannot
film for the ability something said like
you know they're shooting some reality
show what I'm Jeremy combining me what
what's the joke vomitoria for more teens
that I can apply if I want to get a
license on us to do that but I was like
nah cuz it's more of an intimate you
know what's up with the plug it is so
and he said like you know the minute
baby's out and they confirmed everyone's
right I go down in seconds we'll be able
to film like you know and obviously
coming up to that and all I was just
dead because that's all I want I was
like I want the emotional journey yeah
you know that's what yeah that that's
what you want like emotion yeah yeah and
on about the high production value like
you know so everything's perfect we are
full anomaly scan like every single
Oregon checked everything like he thinks
it's a girl yeah that's good well it's
so different like your than in America
Mackey's like gender-reveal party here
it's like way more fun touch hmm they
don't
like the liability of getting it wrong
hmm so we're like what do you think cuz
he didn't want to like say one of the
other yeah yeah he's like I think it's a
girl you like it definitely he showed
the lines or wherever like you girl he's
like my green code just in case ya want
to be like what he's like yeah yeah so
really thankfully and then I was like
that's okay cuz we'd picked a name and
he was like what yeah like freakin Italy
and we have loads of baby clothes in
girls yeah baby clothes and we do yeah
but yeah she hasn't got a Twitter or
Facebook yet she has everything else
okay I'm going to run inside now
Oh in the rain I know because I was got
to pay for the parking and I think I
have to go inside the papers barking oh
no to fix the error how much of economy
pump of cotton enough okay it's finally
stopped raining
it is the story it was actually hail
stoning you actually look like some of
the cars that like snow on them it was
insane but I am I'm gonna go over now
cuz it's actually stopped raining I
didn't think was even I stopped by
anything I was like no I really want to
we really want to do this so funeral
today so I think we might have maybe
like 20 minutes or so whether we
endeavor I'm not gonna bring Albie and
Cena you guys couldn't mine the house
he's here cuz it's kinda it's funny that
like if I if we express our concern or
emotion or sadness or and the dogs
around the other puppies that will
affect and Cena's like you know
well-being and her her general mood you
know which is their dogs are acceptable
to your moods in every I don't know like
they just sort of absorb how you feel so
you have to be really strong around her
and be really like always awful fees and
just like oh there's the four coffees
everyone's happy and you know even right
inside your you you're dying like I am
that little guy hmm it's a good little
girl
the rain is backed by that here's a
little spot look by the cherry tree huh
she's probably happier now huh makeup on
my head looking down upon us I put you
with the great the great dog God doll
god oh my god darling god that's like
drops way around mm-hmm I'm just going
on holidays she's really happy with the
pink I bet
you
love you oh great puppy the great puppy
you want a bigger buggy now and on a
cold and wet April day
and saddens game stop to spray where
even the strong the innocent the truth
little me will always love you
but back and free
the clouds of the sky
your angel now
but always up
