so got a tweet this morning telling me
that there's an article in the Irish
Times about and obviously and you too
can something that so I just gonna pot
around and see if it's actually here
that's like so be interesting to see
respective important business people
talking about
do you tubes the tubes of you so we were
guys I found it look can you make a
living from YouTube's gets me MGE it's a
JD so yeah Irish Times the business
business so air yeah yeah French
election runoff and very interesting
I'll spend my ministers Oh what else is
going on in the world
the rise in user generated online
content has created a host of Irish
charts where I'd like you to grace the
covers of celebrity magazines put them
in their of times or to cut the ribbon
on in supermarkets some of these people
have bigger online following the
mainstream Irish chat shows they are
signing up finest for financial
beneficial sponsorships and
merchandising deals for simply
documenting their deeply knives
who are these Irish YouTube stars
you should go my goal is productive
deals I've gone over to meet him when
you decided burning in a Marshall is not
a Rangers dream my name's in it's kind
of cool isn't it like it's the beach
picture remember that day the hottest
day this year the one day where it was
super around fun and sunny super Sun and
funny hmm proper we do oh look mistake
because they said Anna's channel has
four point seven million and his diary
pitch that's what the diary is beauty
diary
good effort oh four point seven million
he's only twelve million okay
even our minor food TV is like eight
million or something but I'm cool in
that coop
that's cool it's cool because like this
one here at the Irish times it's like I
don't know you know I try every country
has that paper you know like I don't the
Financial Times or something you know
some more like business he kind of one
you know so normally this kind of stuff
is like I don't Apple ad or something
kisses you standing guard watching me
kids who can sweep the poopies sweep
boobies boobies I could sweep the
boobies
I think you see people these poopy
sweeper sweeper come on you guys clean
your own poop up for a change
so me I'm gonna go around here sweeping
up pooping she's got one little pooper
scooper things you know they have like a
clamp on him like that's what we should
get
or like an outdoor vacuum cleaner which
is kind of like the lawn mower the lawn
mower would you like to go on my new
remove my lawn
I'm insane all my work backwards today
mixed up mixed up in an ax last night I
was talking about but I ended up saying
it the opposite way and then I said
something else the office away and I'm
saying multiple thanks for the beanbag
pregnancy baby bear but I'm under
pressure but bomb under pressure
I was watching that rhett and Link this
morning if you do not watch so good
mythical morning it's really funny I
like them I love their songs they're
amazing but they were talking this
morning about drinking water and then
they're saying actually eight pints of
water a day or sir eight cups of water a
day or something like that and then they
were hugging my head it's just believing
bla bla bla bla bla but the point is
they're totally right is that when you
drink more water as good as it is for
you you just pee like forever you get
nothing done every time like okay I've
drank my water okay I just gotta wait I
gotta go pee and then come back I'm like
okay I'm just gonna gotta go pee in it
you spend the entire day pee it's like
you're pouring it in and it's pouring
right back out so by now I'd say a lot
of you guys have probably read the Irish
Times article if not go to my Facebook
page and I put it there or just a link
on Twitter or something like that for
them because because and this this show
is like we like to make it my grounded
reality where it's like I don't want to
talk to you guys about the business and
about well we didn't like most most
people I'd say a lot of you guys
subscribe to me probably are aware of
shaycarl and maker studios and what they
have actually done you know he's created
an entire business platform and a super
successful and out of just making videos
you know and it's like and I saw it at
night saw it I bet you I don't beg you
but I'm gonna put my mind to it and I'm
gonna try my darndest to do is similar
in over here in Europe you know because
no-one's really you know we push the
marketing over there so that's that's
what I've been doing for the last few
months I've been a
you know we've been working on
negotiating ad formats and somebody out
and over in the US and you know we don't
talk about a lot of the business that
goes on because it's all irrelevant you
know but I just watch just because I
know a lot quite reading the article and
they're like what what what what's on
it's like we have nothing to do in
Adsense we we haven't been without cents
in over a year now I do it YouTube has
completely changed professional YouTube
it's very different to you know like
your standard YouTube thing you know it
always you know and no we don't make any
money on comments on likes on
subscribers nothing like that
none of that makes any anything to us
you know rate the video if you want to
rate the video subscribe if you wanna
subscribe comment if you want to comment
I love when people participate in the
community and have discussions and all
that I like what people like my videos
that's awesome I know that if you like a
video you can get in the top rated and
the home page the home page in Arlen has
been broken for about eight months so
it's not gonna make any difference but I
like it I like what I look at is iconic
everyone liked my video today you know
like I got into this because I wanted to
entertain people and stuff and find the
place and then it turned out that like
wait a second like you know if I'm
clever about this you know we can
actually turn this into something and
you know make a good living off it you
know and it's a lot of work at seven
days a week 24 hours a day
I wouldn't recommend anybody to get into
it now but if you want to go for it it's
awesome but I just thought it was want
to bring it up because the article was
there in the part of carbs and I didn't
wanna I don't want people are
speculating on information and
disinformation which is a lot that
Pavel's right especially on YouTube
because all the youtubers especially
like successful youtubers and people
that have turned this into something
really good it's like we're just normal
people you know we're not I'm not Fox
News or or tea or someone like that you
know we're just like normal people who
who tried our darndest to do something
awesome and then we started to do
something awesome and we didn't know
what the hell to do with it you know and
it's it's really complicated and it's
like oh I don't know what to say when
not to say it but I know you guys are
awesome so I thought I'd share with you
our journey our journey is unfolding
it's getting better future is bright and
it's all for Amelia we are going to get
a marriage a wedding license a marriage
certificate thing finally but we could
have got it straight away afterwards but
we just didn't bother cuz we never
really needed it you know but suppose we
need it now so might as well get framing
on a wall
hope it's not complicated
I hope it's like hey what's up well I
have one so I think if I have one does
not naturally cover both of us do you
think we can you think no well I don't
know the bureaucracy of the government
to bring DNA with you
we got ad will hide everything good luck
cousin Patrick Julian on a bucket of
security woohoo official Mimi's no going
back now let's say me fighting me and
they're putting their whip this ends
they check it out huh fact you can't
fight me anymore is there something here
yes yes Alyssa Kony must do everything
John and Jolin says for the rest of her
life and bring him coffee every morning
so cool you're my plus 15 I kind of
finished it go
do you like manuka honey back so we pull
up and I can see Alby in the window he
obviously got so excited and somehow lb
lb
somehow got himself in the window what
are you doing I know
oh you are never very long so we're
already in here do you
is that what you want to do have you
these good years can you hear me oh
you're so small you were such a brat
last night thank you
I think she's maybe she's squeak yeah I
think so I think he actually figured out
and I thought she's squeak mini we could
call you mini or squeak mini mini squid
means he's not a mini like a little you
know the smell of them I love the smell
of presenters all right this is like I
think I'm actually gonna have to take
this edge and actually put it into a
bigger pot the size of it
I was thinking should I pull it or elles
tweak things in it too like group it all
together
you know so it grows upwards rather than
like sprawling out like this and then it
just brought out look what happens here
they kind of break just turn it this way
so I kind of rest there I don't want
them to break because I think they are
flowerpots and as we all know children
spit up as we all know kids it's the
flower that holds the fruit yeah come
this way
we're back back thank you okay so as you
can see here oops oops this M the chilli
is growing nicely but it's actually
grown higher than the thing and I think
that that might be stunting its growth
because it's pushing it downward so I
think it's time to um I think it's time
to move it on to a bigger pot which is
always exciting to see another one go
I don't even know what's going on with
those ones and it's just for some reason
all along here nothing maybe it's
because the Sun is being protected or
something so it's like hitting the soil
here when M that's I'm gonna try and
take all of this edge and put it into a
flower pot Rutter and trying to separate
these out because I just think that if I
damage the root it might not actually
continue to grow or something okay I
think our pots in compost around here
somewhere so yeah Jim rare because I
bought a few of them but what I don't
have is a miss the little bottom pieces
so I'll just use an OTP key copy thing
so that's all the compost to have that
which actually isn't that much but I
think it's enough to to get this one
done there's always a scary part because
you don't really want to lose any of the
actual plant so it's trying to figure
out how far out his plant grown and is
no more I'm sure plants underneath here
I'm going to take it this whole area
instead of trying to save the compost
see here we take all of it yeah we'll
take all of it okay seems to be okay say
if the chem work isn't great because I'm
trying to concentrate here at the same
time oops
move the camera again okay let's see if
you can pick this up like one go oh oh
oh okay we have separation this one here
is breaking okay hold on
come back to you guys in a second
because I need to
I want to lose that it is okay hold on
here we go transplanted literally
planted transplanted I hope it's gonna
be okay this is always the scary time
like you've actually grown so much stuff
already this is deadly and I know the
couple you guys are saying like I should
like plant them in the garden and stuff
but because we're gonna be leaving here
in like a couple of months so I'm like
okay well if I put them in the ground
then I probably won't be able to take
them with me so if they get too big even
too big for the indoor big pots I was
thinking of you know it's like wooden
troughs that you can get that you can
put plants in well it can grow all the
stuff because they're big enough to grow
and when we move I can actually take
them with me so I'm thinking that party
what I'm gonna do so I had a look in the
ground here right and there's actually
loads and loads of seeds here and now
I'm wondering is it because of the way I
was sitting that the Sun wasn't coming
across here so I've kind of like you
know shuffled it up to try and add some
oxygen in under the ground and then I'm
gonna turn it the opposite way around so
that now the Sun will be hitting this
end and maybe we might actually get some
more growth I think I'll leave that
there for look seems a little bit a
little bit young a little bit too weak
to move these things I don't even know
what's going on with these things I
think you can see what that is
I don't even know we can see that but um
I think I'll just leave them to do
whatever they're doing look at this
right this is Anna's laptop that she
doesn't work anymore it's broken but
Anna there's not so nice look at this
right this is going Mac guys this is the
history of the vlog at ease
okay I was still editing videos on this
thing I had plugged into an external
thing because um like obviously we
couldn't afford to buy a new laptop and
this was like an XPS system so I bought
this in like 2006 and it lasted like in
2009 or something like that like but
it's so funny I keep it cause it's like
memories of like how it all begun how it
all started is this this laptop look how
it ended like just no it still works
like it's still fully functioning like
am
and it does turn off quite a lot
unfortunately but it still does it does
function so the 2006 XPS model is very
good so I'm making dinner it's just the
regular old tortellini Monday dinner we
usually have this on Mondays for dinner
cuz it's easy its quick and let's to
cook on Monday who wants to go get it
thank you
 me I wish I'd like its anymore I
don't mind cooking on Fridays for family
Friday but no so just making like
tortellini and then we kind of had a
multitask and hang up laundry and
everything and you know and then the
yeah why would you just go to focus and
then the vacuum cleaners are on home and
hurt so there's that Iran fire I don't
know okay this is spitting at me so I
gots to go Buster ooh what's the move yo
bust a move
what's the rhymes guys you always lie
and I think she's damn lower again okay
get right down here knives see I hear
things it's not I'll tell you when she's
moving and then I'll nobody messin like
bubbles no you're just
oh yeah down the computer did they hear
about the walkies did they know about
the walkies you guys wanna go into
walkies be honest everybody be honest
somebody could take it very important if
you see a lamppost appear because you
never know who's gonna come along and
take it on you you know you have to have
it's like proof of ownership it's like a
receipt we just pee on it that's easy to
do if you ever buy a something new in a
shop no butter or C just pee on it and
then you have to bring it back before
you've got your pee on it so who knows
it's yours guys you have a situation and
Cena just got into bed and was walking
out the door oh god oh god oh god no
okay I think you've had enough oh my god
who is it oh who is it decomp who are
you Silverhawks yes it's not him no it's
the big girl anger just wouldn't let go
no they don't like the carpet put her on
the wood cuz they're little nails get
stuck in the car seriously I just walked
in and Minnie was like sitting upright
she was so cute look look at them we
think we should get the yeah the rabbit
casing yeah she's so cute
look she's actually walking one of them
yesterday
got like a blue upper right three or
four steps yeah like she wasn't let her
belly off on her belly yeah because see
it's oh my god oh my god guys this is
gonna be a world exclusive yeah they say
at three weeks they start like walk you
home come on come on
which is on
Wednesday yeah yeah look at her look at
them I know I just thought look at me me
Minnie maybe what are you doing can you
guys tell which one is Minnie it's that
one see how small she I think this is
getting too small well we're getting to
ride the pink tomorrow they didn't have
it in Dublin so we got a great two
middles and forget it look you know
plain crazy
and she came at the same size as
everybody
it was Pio was the small I know Theo s
smallest have to start like he even was
delivered the smallest and he stayed
this monster in a week and then
overnight he just like yeah righto and
then he was the first one to open his
eyes imagine Amelia grows up to like six
foot or something like Hoover's like
we're about like five and a half like
she was like a basketball player she
passes was aired at like 11:00 leave me
a comment if any your kids are taller
than you because that happens isn't that
there's a thing you can do like a test
where it's not a test it's like you go
to like the face the pediatrician does
it yeah and she or he can take they take
like your height like the mom's height
the dads height and they do like an
estimate of your child what its gonna
waters gonna it be its adult height and
apparently it's right for like most but
sometimes it's like way off cuz you
could just like there's no one in my
family now your brother is like 13 feet
tall hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
