hi guys welcome to Pilates oh hi um I'm
a little lost to be honest so yeah how
y'all doing
happy Sunday happy that day to be to be
for us Earth Day today yes did you pull
out about this Oh would you bump into my
face
whoa oh who said that he said that hmm
yeah is so cute you guys are so cute is
mama bear hmm BJ look at you straight in
thinking like well there's no one else
around I might as well get get some nips
free nips all right come on back inside
you go straight for the nip where is she
uh ride him cowboy
mmm hello who everyone they're so active
look at him running around I caught the
end this morning trying to escape
mm-hmm so I just realized yesterday when
I put my changing bag in my room which
I'm so excited right by the way um I
went in there I put I just put it on the
chair and then I just looked around I
was like oh my god this is like cupcake
heaven like it's so cool I want to see
look okay so on the door is this little
yummy mommy cupcake thing actually yeah
that's cool look Jonathan it says yummy
mommy on it just like the bag let's go
that's from der Villa and
on the wall cupcakes on the door
cupcakes
my calendar from Sam cupcakes right here
my notepad cupcakes over there is a
handmade cupcake my yummy mummy bag
cupcakes my cushion cupcakes my other
cushion is a big massive cupcake what
else
oh this coaster has a cake cake on it
I'm sure I could find more I'm sure
there's more I'm just like not I'm so
like oh my book cupcake um yeah it's
pretty much cupcake heaven in here I
love it it's so cool and I remember when
I was like remember I was like oh if we
have a little girl yeah you know she can
just like when she gets older a wall for
your cupcakes all the time no what she
could totally have that rooms was
decorated for girls you know when she
gets older or something and then you
forget that we won't be living here I
know older yeah we'll be gone by this
Aragon but anyways I just wanted to
share that cupcake heaven with you guys
okay yeah I showed that because it's on
my radiator so here we have who Phi Phi
Lego massive thing I find battleships
carios anyone sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi well
I like your room is it's all like black
and red yeah I got to do that's the
thing I've looked this wall when we got
our next guys I'm gonna red wall hmm Red
Rover Red Rover
okay this crazy science fiction so today
is cleaning I've done my choice oh my
god inner Phoenix like me and they see
oh my god they're so cute
so you have names so mini I think is
staying because I really like that name
we never really liked the name jr.
because it's just like it was just like
jr. algae you know so um it's not really
a real name so Jonathan picked a name
for him what'd you do pink Hyo feel I
mean that's really cute um and he looks
like a Theo you know and then we have
my pee oh isn't he so cute he's one of
the cutest ones I think well you've got
a little bit of Tears Tim you're not
ready okay mom it's okay the vision is
getting stronger
just gonna move my friends wanna play
some football and then that's not a good
place to show okay thank you and then we
have foxy Jenna get foxy no no that's
not her she has a whiter nose although
when her nose changes color we won't be
able to own oh yeah that's foxy hey foxy
she's a big girl she's one of the big
girls but love you boring me
she has a longer like one out muscle I
bought I'm going to meals she kind of
look like a box I think she does
injuries and then there's see no show
mini mini is so adorable I was saying
this morning if I had to pick one like
if I came you know to buy I think I
would pick me because look at that face
I'm going to live in a Louboutin now you
guys might think that they all look the
same of y'all but seriously she has a
more squished in nose or something and
she's tiny like she's so small compared
to everybody else so I probably would
pick her I don't know
I'm just kind of again we have two
undecided and we have two girls and like
one of them is massive so I don't know
if she's gonna be count hepatoma yeah or
I don't know and then there's the other
girls same exact sizes junior she's the
one I always get mixed up with junior
but she's a girl that's the difference
so maybe yeah so I said yeah TNT oh well
you guys can leave some suggestions
because there's two unnamed puppy still
yeah come up with a good enough name
it's got to be kind of like amazing
that's it
amazing creative the best name ever in
the world that's it simple just come up
with it so I'm gonna try something this
week guys
I know you like a lot of people always
say like oh yeah course she's supposed
to do that but I decided I decided last
night I was going to try something I
don't know
last night was my first night doing it I
didn't eat anything after I like I
wasn't like nine when I said ten but
then it turned out to be like eight or
nine cuz I just got into this like habit
or something of like you know come night
I'm watching TV shows eat like some
Doritos gonna like eat a couple of
jockeys and stuff on and it just sort of
turns into like it's sort of grazing
habit and it's not even if I don't want
it I just sort of revert to doing it I'm
like I don't even know why I'm doing
this anymore because I don't want to do
it you know and yeah I just sort of
happy you getting to happen of doing it
and it's like it's bad you know you feel
like you like a logical you're doing
programmed to come that time yeah you
eat junk I can't enjoy tail I can't
enjoy my show as if I'm not you know
munching on some crunch you know but
it's like you can't enjoy the shows you
so that's why I sort of moved here to
did a 7-up thing because I feel that
like you know everyone has steered their
own way Dyer well 2:07 opening you know
you know what I'm talking about
I mean in it actually better than you
yeah cool so I find it the fist
neutralizes my need for something I
tried tea but I find it a bit boring or
something and it's hot and teas makes me
yeah yeah it's getting so pretty to have
one anymore
yeah and that's why it's like okay well
the Fisk I know like you know just a bit
of a bite on the face knowing you drink
is like her you know I'm not gonna start
drinking whiskey or something didn't
turn into a drinking binge instead of a
munchies and then what I do is I try any
like through yeah it's like oh you're
way more you're way more advanced than
me like you know you're eating solids
when I was still eating better food so
I've moved on recently to like salads
and stuff party you do feel like you
need you know deserve yeah yeah it's
just like programmed to feel like you
where you don't actually need to have to
do it every day but I feel like I do but
then I know that even like even just
burn everything is better to have like
healthier things you know the transition
pain is difficult because you find
yourself tired all the time and then you
can have a snooze or you can like you
can eat some fruit or something and
gradually the energy would process but
if you eat junk food it's like boom
instant energy you know and you're kind
of I don't know it's a tricky one but
I'm like I want to go do this because I
feel that like no matter what I do I
don't know it's because I'm like I'm
like an old fart now or something
but no matter what I do I'm always 180
and I'm like I want to be 170 sometimes
are like 177 and then I'm like 178 and
then like 180 I'll go ahead and one to
75 and then I go back to 80 I'm just
always a win that title I'm like trying
to gate I know I don't know I'm not like
I don't think like I'm fit and healthy
and I don't you know it's just it's not
that much but it's just like I feel that
like sometimes it's like a squirrel
chill have a belly and it just makes me
feel a bit like you know what I'm just I
don't know I just feel that 170 might be
better for me you know last night you
didn't eat after a joke then this
morning yeah I felt much better the
Battlement about yeah you can have a
messed up start to your day you know and
it can be all over the place and then I
don't even have coffee this morning I
think you're diggin a hazelnut thing I
did we like the hazelnut coffee but you
know what it's funny with me I feel like
and I have
this before and I've said this like this
has been the same since I was a teenager
if I eat um like fruit and snack on like
fruit veggies yogurt like you know
that kind of thing instead of sweets
especially at nighttime the next morning
when I wake up my skin looks so much
bigger it's so weird and I know it from
when I was a teenager like when I used
to I remember always at exam times I
would try and eat like I would eat super
healthy cuz I knew it was like good for
my brain yeah yeah and my skin would
clear up like straight away every time I
try and eat super health like he could
still have sweets and stuff but just you
know if you limit them to the weekend or
whatever like you know maybe not every
single day in the week but if I do that
I've always noticed my skin like the
next morning it just looks so much
fresher and brighter I'm not really that
much interested in my skin tone I know
I'm kind of I just started me a Batman I
give it a - Blake yeah I call them fine
sides to the equation x equals y and y
equals fat so trophies but if I do minus
y over X is called slim javis I've
cracked it I just got a tweet from he's
names are Z that's you and she just said
that her son
he's like a five year old and he loves
watching the vlogs and she's like he
officially likes me more than Buzz
Lightyear like that is one of the
greatest achievements of my entire life
- Joe fussing and
on one offer look at the point about the
caging thing if you feel that manner
getting bigger they're gonna want to
like walk around and stuff I might be
down here yeah well you ever gone
actually I'll do it in coop down there
you know excited they're gonna wander
like I know pretty good forgot muscles
and stuff to like work them out and walk
around and that's what do you I can just
see their slightly venturing past there
with the cage area now hmm okay printer
paper fire those thingies oh goodness
expanding our business yo dealers like
business suppliers mostly supplies with
businessmen hi my name does knows my
money business advice you can get them
at Tesco it's just it's kind of nice
what's that you're looking at paintings
okay look carvings
ahh the cupcake theme yeah I know I
think I have enough I think you have
enough cupcakes well for a while
come on the office I love when his
offers in this stuff because it's so
bloody expensive okay Oh follow the
follow the yellow brick road the other
big row that's not the one I need oh
really yeah that's that BB cream stuff
yeah I know it's so popular
usually they have like a low and get one
yeah but but it'd be cool if you had
would like one day when after they had
like buy something in the shop get
something else in the shop for free and
if like everything would not be so cool
if it wasn't like you know product
related it was just like buy something
in the shop get something in the shop
free yeah I know you know I'd be a good
idea nice but girl on offer offer utter
they probably do maybe it's in the
intersection you know order pizzas
actually are yeah alright the special oh
it's me is it tons of me
crap yeah we're gonna try get dinners
for five days thing each may actually
help
I thought the structure was like wasn't
it house a lot easier definitely a lot
better okay any offer on no way no way
mozzarella nice okay that's I got one
fun dating is to yell at these pizzas
and no takeaways and no eating out so no
lunch time fun time
even here takeaways or anything we're
gonna do this save loads of money we're
gonna lose lots of weight it's gonna be
an awesome trust me I'm gonna print
things we're gonna blow - printing you
wanna go get some lumps wanna go can you
go get some melons some cheeky chicken
nuggets you guys are some chicken
nuggets or some chicken nuggets chicken
the bet in the last plate I was back
back in I look like that anymore I'm a
gymnast check out my moves
whoa check out his moves oh look at
those legs ok bye ok bye
dad wait let it go
we gonna go you leave the puppies here
though but I got that printer thing
working but em this Wi-Fi thing is kind
of stupid like you hold the Wi-Fi thing
and then it goes puh puh puh puh no no
it doesn't but add yeah you - I need to
look into that a little bit further but
started my filing and stuff but I said I
did a little bit and I was like I'll do
the rest of it tomorrow
puppy camp are you guys ready whoa bet
yourself a puppy Oh TM I should
trademark their Bubba come on all right
guys let's go Jack
scoot jet I just put the foot it's best
to put the puppy cam over here ok
Oh
Oh oh my god huh okay
oh come on let's do this guy's
oh what's that thing a little bit of
turbulence on turbulent floods Oh coming
in for landing coming in for landing
whoa it's a bumpy landing whoa
seen a jumped in hello you guys are oh
ha ha
wha-ha-ha-ha-ha gonna fall over he's
such a little waters you're such a
little water
he's a wider who shall I that I are you
whispering secrets in there you must
bring secrets in there who said I was a
baby cutest thing for Noah wait why'd we
have rock we have run out of coffee and
we forgot to buy it
so I know mama Star Alliance tops up on
the old court coffee roaster which is
the tastiest coffee in the whole entire
planet so we're gonna do a drive-by
which is some text messages and phone
calls there's no answer there so I have
I'm gonna do quick drive-by terrible
much better let's go steal some coffee
whoa we're on a coffee stealin run we're
on a coffee stealing run Nina have you
got your gun lazy bum Bo's turns out
they weren't here they were just too
lazy down to the door to it or down to
the phone but we got Jack note the taxes
taxes coffee coffee tax we've come for
the coffee tax it's a new tax by the
government
yeah it probably is the same I just I
don't know I'm a big fan of the old
banana bread is that the one he brought
home to me yeah you see on the baby fair
thing the ads you didn't watch that no
they had this this company right and
what they do is that after you have give
birth for the first five days when he be
10 days worth of dinners no 5 no 10 days
but 5 days because we're - yeah see ad
but they have like they have a farm and
on poultry our butchers and they grow
everything sure chicken
yeah yeah but it's all like fresh stuff
that fresh barges and everything but
it's a catering company but I have this
thing called baby Knights Inn yeah yeah
yeah and when you prefer when you first
have your baby
you know they cook you like all the
fresh meals from five days for two
people so it's ten meals and you can
fill out a form and tick which one's
vegetarian or whatever like and then you
can freeze them because they're all
fresh like they come in a you know foil
can stop and it's that's why what do you
want like microwavable ones are oven
ones it's not really cool though yeah
yeah so Lucy Lucy's Luc Reina bedroom a
low but it's older oh so it's like it's
almost like a boys yeah I got some taste
samples the chicken chicken something I
like hmm and he said oh very good it's
not and we were saying maybe Emma could
just do that for us as a as a gift for
the baby
but it's actually you know Germany Oh
totes for God and we'll be living in
Germany then but it's actually really
good ah nuts
well you can send us always a brought
sixty four euros or something yeah ten
dinner for ten dinners fine it's really
reasonable they sell it like as a
wedding gift maybe like a present yeah
yeah like other people you know it's a
nice present so yeah instead of buying
them clothes because you so much codes
he's like oh well I thought of what I
could do for a friend and it just turned
out that I was like pretty good business
plan equally pretty enough do you have
any
when you're helpful I haven't my things
no no no we go to the petrol station in
so turned out mom and style that was
sold out
that's what happens to be coming to
Sunday's it was subtle data copies nuts
but as far as I remember we used to live
down in Middleton does super values
actually struck a chord coffee roaster
so we heard a rumor a tweety bird flew
past and said could a freaky so hair
like what go to Frank field now I don't
really know her Frank field is I used to
live somewhere near there like
donnybrooks
so there on your point yeah did we yeah
it was like one of the first times that
we ever like pointed right way - up - up
on the motorbike is that a trilling
adventure ride it was skychi yeah I'm
gonna add for you didn't fit in all
right yeah at a race helmet now all the
stuffing was taken out of it and so I
don't just wear that raffle it would
Rock so Dee okay
don't go Amelia listen to me now
there'll be no motorbikes okay dad was
reckless and stupid
to know them situation guys Super Value
is not so super opening time well it
isn't some day it is a Sunday cruds
crediting funnily alright well I think
the petrol stations tell us our stars'
árbol Szabolcs the new cell star book
so I'll take a Starbucks you know I like
to start with house blend yeah you know
um just core coffee roaster special
although see I would have been happy
with hang on uh you can have the
hazelnut yeah I know you know you can
rock all to yourself I just don't really
like flavored coffee I've come to
understand that now I thought that
because we got the chocolate one and I
just thought oh it sounds a great idea
but what you know I know leave me
comment if you are similar to me do you
do you like flavored coffee here look
full instant fine
organic medium roast
no but that's not bad like I like this
one yeah I know I really thought I had
it here I really I saw it my brain like
my brain was telling me I got a robe
behind this one where is it the spark
that's like you just lying here all day
look at her she's going to town look is
that Minnie yeah location working me
yeah I think so
this isn't happening I'm the Harkness a
hit is this are you know that's one of
the neighbors right here and wash foxy I
think she's the one that's asleep there
oh man he just lie in there and cuz
again is that Junior this one think so
nope no that's fatso but what's your
juniors nearest to you Jimmy yeah oh I'm
sorry his name is Matthew IKEA oh yeah
pío pío mmm I love when they do that
they rely on each other
guess it kisses kisses I present to you
a puppy for a snack ah messing guys
we're taking a check-in out Breaking Bad
I'm just putting on Twitter and Facebook
there cuz everyone my burger just start
watching as well it's like you have to
watch it bye
no butters not that but I leave some
comments if breaking by the best show in
the world ever we're hoping it is we're
gonna binge on Netflix
we're gonna watch like every single
episode in like one night mmm-hmm it's
probably quite a lot hmm oh my goodness
nerves Oh cute so cute
I'll be I'll be there so we actually did
not know
thank you that good girl hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
