how those days
not a word just
me
you could be
time to change
-
the farming rain
on and
you tree under
the world got Strangers it got bought
and sold
oh she's quick now yeah yeah well that's
always what it's like it's like no next
to howdy-do
oh it's nice I'll be the nice donkey
sometimes you hate it all day over here
oh my goodness B I ain't got oh are you
off - nope she's off she's not stopping
she's probably so happy she's like
finally she's probably like oh my
goodness these doggies they're so big
would I be able to get past boys and
girls oh we can step over to show the
rest yeah tea party or a picnic tea
party so this is gonna go and have a
little nippy nap if we changed a little
nippy enough now oh oh
all right mrs. what I would own a
peanuts do you know everything you can
go anywhere you want them which is
causing it you almost climb down the
stairs this morning that was great
it's a game changer
baby small well it's a game changer
folks where you going just bring in
Eduardo to a party oh hello there mister
I'm not sure if your seats gonna work
that way though what's your little
umbrella like in case it's raining oh I
see it's a good plan but will you hop up
there please so Eduardo's brought an
Elsa dress to the party in case he wants
to have a quick change
get off the seat I need to put it in Oh
everyone's beeping at Eduardo the
beeping come on quickly there
no it's a two-party deal today is an
Amelia party oh and there is an Eduardo
party so Ana is taking Alessia and
Amelia - Amelia's party and I am taking
Eduardo to his part a and then we're all
gonna meet back here later it's double
party then what's gonna happen when
there's a triple party and then what's
gonna happen when you're the quadruple
party oh boy but by then we'll have some
sort of like a I Robot parents bought
you can use program you know bring child
to party go and it'll just bring your
kids a party it's gonna happen guys
gonna happen then and then they're gonna
like kill all the humans so Eduardo and
Jonathan just headed off to Phoebe's
party and Amina Alicia and I are going
to Sachin to party but it doesn't start
until half - which is exactly when
unless he wakes up so I'm gonna get off
I put it down a little bit earlier and
I'm gonna get her off a little bit
earlier I still need to do my hair and I
need to immediate air so come on a media
let's do your hair I think you gonna be
a way member
so Eduardo because we're a - frozen Elsa
party and Warda wanted to come as Elsa
like all the other boys and girls we'll
be all right mr. until your presence
there's a NASA saying take your
president and go inside
oh my goodness two girls in the box yes
there's three technically this is so
exciting be excited guys project we got
you for Christmas
to get ready one thing we just haven't
used it yet I still have it he had to go
that guy's bathroom he's in the bathroom
I know the women
let's go girls let's go
only birds sing the song from your empty
nest and snow and back to the hills my
window so fly through the way
Nicole that winter has left me now is
Prince Andrew
when I love God
ahead of the party and the duardo turned
to me and NBC the duardo is a tiger Elsa
let me see tiger Elsa turn right you can
choose head all the looks forget me I'm
Tiger outside okay okay pop that in
there I'll hold on to this for a moment
we were just sitting here and having a
conversation about something and I
thought you know what let's have this
common acordes conversation because I
think it's really interesting so tonight
was the vlog that went up where people
are where we said they're like oh we
take the hospital and we told you guys
that it was support in the hospital as
eating venture okay and as someone else
to come and they were like how come you
guys are you know sharing the name of
the hospital this time around and the
due date and all I kind of so if you've
been really open as well se you weren't
and then I was like yeah but easy to
make or one of the reasons is that we
had a baby an important and I came I
already talked about this on my channel
oh so we have a and so we had a baby
deported and I report in hospital
intentional is amazing and it's really
safe and secure and we'll just know
actually it's a great hospital so I feel
I feel really comfortable in letting who
will know that's we're having a baby and
I know it's gonna be cool you know and
another reason was that like when we had
a last yeah you know last year was like
our rainbow baby so before you obviously
we miscarried so it was so
it was so like it was so emotional like
until we even are 20 weeks I still
didn't feel like confident about having
the baby you know and even when the baby
was born it was terrifying because when
she's talking about before her umbilical
cord is wrapped around her neck and I
watch the OB and I actually just saw
like I was like oh she's probably just
gonna be stillborn of course because
like it's just being such a traumatic
experience and then she cried and she
was awake and then when she was born you
know she was in the lowest percentile
nothing else there like point to it
though for her weight and height and
overnight and we we have to like every
week we have to like go and get her
weighed and everything on me and then
when she when she started to like
eventually after that six months she
started to me it was like four months
after that four months she started
moving up in the graph and she started
putting on a bit of weight and we're
like oh my goodness cuz I'm so great
about it you know and then now everyone
just keeps leaving comments saying that
she's on the spectrum she's autistic she
can't do this she's delayed she's this
she's that she's this blah blah blah
blah everything people said about Amelia
everything people said about Eduardo and
everyone's seen it about last year and
it's like this is we are pregnant with
our last trust the last time we'll ever
be pregnant again and we're just gonna
do whatever we want
we're just gonna if we feel like sharing
everything with you will share
everything we and if you feel like
sharing nothing where you will share
nothing with you you know cause it's
like you know we what did we do yeah the
way we announced the video at the
pancake you know we never normally do
that kind of stuff like you know the
name we the word we're gonna go into a
baby shower there's gonna just gonna do
all the things how we did you baby I
said we're just gonna do all the things
who we wanted just because we want to do
it because this is our last time you
know and it's you know I don't know I
should say we don't have that comment I
was just like yeah I should just say all
that okay and I see lads
I know 99.9% of you guys are cool pieces
of cake great 99% of you guys
ninety-nine point nine point one percent
you guys are epic dad on I've never said
bad thing and that's why I don't like
you know like addressing things or crap
people are saying because I feel like
what's the point in me lecturing all of
you because it's just a couple of you
guys who just keep going on with their
essays of like this trial or she's
dishes dr. IRA help professional I'm
this not that and I'm like mates she's
fine she's grand like you know just
chill you know I don't you whatever
anyway I just wanted that's why we're
sharing what we're sharing about Lupe or
what's the name in your column I like I
like oh yeah alright our next daughter I
like that's we share a little bit
iodized yeah it's gonna share that with
you uh yeah thanks for being supportive
guys thanks for watching thanks to being
our friends thanks for being here for
our four children our five pregnancies
our life everything it's been a crazy
whirlwind of eight years a lot of you
guys have been here for the eight years
and I appreciate that and we're gonna go
and we're gonna eat ice cream this not
an eyes for Ben and Jerry's it would be
an odd and odd treatment so I'm gonna
talk about all of this stuff and then
Anna's gonna come in eating the ice
cream you and I used to do is we're in
college our university wherever she used
to buy cookie dough ice cream and you
eat off the cookie dough out of it like
what is all the cookie dough I know why
did back then I did back then
she's eat another cake All Right see you
later guys thanks watchin your monkey
alright goodbye say goodbye to him
wait oh I would just like to add I feel
really safe after eating all the cake
out of the birthday cake guys
so I do not recommend that you ever do
that what if I don't they can hate to
drink some water oh do you feel a whole
birthday cake in one of those ice cream
Oh
