so we're going to sell a clean one and
going in the car because what caused a
gram
hello Amelia hello Lars Oh everyone's
going to hard place right away me are
you a total man
what instead of hard everything soft and
hard play or everything hard in softly
which is parts I sent horrible Oh Matt
you imagine what it's like imagine all
the things were like just like concrete
and the slide was just like we're going
edit later and then and then we're going
to come back and guess what I brought my
own do you yeah I know you're always
telling people you have your own camera
you're obsessed with your own camera
mate do you know what we're doing this
weekend or family is friends
we've been a very special friend Ethan
let me whisper whisper in your ear we're
doing yeah I have everything I have the
chef's hat without everything we need
because I still remember where I want to
be in my healing you did yes you did
he did all very excited are you excited
should everyone watch it why are you got
cold secret language hyah anything from
me read anything castlemaine was it
going through the back for a second oh
this catchy either everything I don't
like you
hey-oh
here we young man on mental mMmmm in a
minute some on your face
Miss grace thickeners candle over there
playing and we you just say big
mistake coos oh we're one yeah come on
each to each student
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom ha ha
ha
and maybe I'd you want to show your hair
going to see yourself Wow
hi skanky where's your other shoe right
good work oh my god Jonathan to see your
son come here show daddy your outfit
James Edward oh I don't think you should
wear your cross crossing top is it
working for you Tom
yeah well she said getting guy to be
doesn't wear socks
oh yeah I know I know the jail is only
didn't you decide that tragic media tell
them whoppers it's quite a fun ya know
havin a and that's all around so play
and a CSU on learning and it's a little
playset office where cash is you sure we
can talk about what he's good you let
you sit with her haha
until daikon and many commercial parents
oh that's why you have no it's not okay
that really works away okay I think I
hurt you see was actually my last
together yeah hit more ago you okay yeah
I love the music so handsome
I didn't mean to laugh at you okay when
you're joking
then you can finish them but I'm going
to brush your hair now swell okay let's
go through troopers super troopers soon
as they made the new super troopers
leaders
what oh wow how'd you know what new vlog
here so we're going to stop play clean
one and going in the car because look
cuz anagram and it we are and George is
right
shall we are being rush here that's why
we book fish no no s is not coming we
leave that there
why everything ill ignore what other
didn't you see his mommy coming I saw
her so going to be all soft because it's
actually okay what's your favorite part
about softly because my favorite bit
just like the slide the big one
the fake slides I can climb up backside
Oh what about all your friends and all I
say that's cool all your friends in here
what's your favorite part about softly
have you taken over the vlog now the
year is the air vlogs now see woody
thing all right
oh so far away now that your co-driver
oh he's a better driver mommy or daddy
and I'll say face Oh we'd the faster
driver for chatter that I see mommy
mommy biggest laptop okay better music
and I like that is today the clack
monitor happy is Rafa better football MA
then we are on the way now familiar
senses
by Batman will you come you all better
than the way home
bye-bye I will they're so funny they're
so funny it's so handy having Erica oh
my goodness so handy guys because just
somewhere like it's being crazy crazy
but I'm very excited guys that in the
next few days I'm going to be able to
show you guys the front cover of the
Coney Jolie's and the great cat nap hmm
very excited to show you that and not
only that but I'll be talking to
retailers and we are almost ready to
open the door for tickets I'm not sure
how to ticketing works I think you need
to buy a book I'm not really sure but
you need to book your tickets to come
see us they are obviously going to be
limited edition for the book for
informative book tour it's happening in
October we're going to be going to
Scotland and Wales and England and
Ireland and we're going to do the UK
first as far as you know and we're going
to Ireland like a little bit later but
in the next couple days guys get excited
because we are announcing the tickets go
on sale but I don't know if you have to
buy them I think you just need to book
them and I will share well as how to how
it's supposed to work you know you mean
because all you need to do is buy the
book some are we sure what happens there
but anyway get excited that we're going
to see the cover of the book and then
we're going to see tickets and then
we're going to hug and then guys I've
seen the book also the book is finished
the walk is completely finished as well
that's just in order to take all the
signing off process everything
I'm so excited if you guys get it in
your little hands
it's amazing it's the greatest thing
I've ever done apart from obviously
making kids and obviously getting
married and obviously doing these videos
for eight years apart from all of these
their friends is amazing is if I'm just
so happy that I mean it's what a journey
it has been to make this book like yeah
coming up with the idea of doing it and
then like going down and pitching it to
those publishers and then finding
putting the team together and then write
another thing and putting it together
get it drawn everything online
everything is in this guy's I hope you
guys do for me and I hope you guys love
it and I hope it's the best kids well
queue and we're going to read easy y'all
nice until a sequel if there's going to
be people try to make a sequel end up
read the first one first I mean oh oh
we're losing the camera or losing them
you're losing them Jonathan hold on
tight legs hold on tight guys we've got
to call a video shop for tomorrow
Genki so it's right over here it is
really dark see many colors here and
it's my cell partner like this does this
chairs don't take one didn't use sir
penguins for mate and then the blue
little water you can see again and then
this is the cable yeah I got chills on
off the table and then it can be like
very fun yeah could you come show you
any scribe for up again you know what
turn it around
hey guys hell I'm the bad baby yeah and
I'm here to tell you that I'm going to
get these guys
I'm gonna get to something those guys
right there good what you calling the
police
I think you're calling the police I
gotta get out of here guys check out my
muscles oh yeah all right let's go get
him go get hey hey you guys come here
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna beat you up
come on
kapu Kapow Kapow Kapow
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha nobody can defeat
the bad baby
ha ha you Oh Shh into the daddy
oh no she's gonna stick oh no oh no he's
got a magic wand she's gonna stitch what
am I to do damn these pesky kids maybe
some behind me oh yeah I know they're
still here aah
Oh guy you forgot his phone off you all
right
