hi could you just add to the bathrooms
please
and when you finish just the kitchen
needs a once-over well that's because
you've sent your waste just above your
bump you and the girl ah obviously you
know but no matter what I do no baby oh
my god baby last night right that was so
cool I could put my hand in and I kind
of just squeezed a little bit now I
didn't oh hey look hilarious
you kind of make an infinite hilarious
she looked like em what was that show we
watch remember where all the UK kids
went today
farms and that's it you looked like you
need the little hat thing yeah go
downstairs and milk a cow or something
no puppy yep it's a bit thicker I know
they're all kind of just bang but
seriously there's a difference just
trust me on that one okay any mozzarella
left a little bit of monster on the left
mozzarella Bella I am addicted addicted
to this stuff
I'm like sugar free calorie free I need
to be calorie free oh my goodness look
at that disaster that could have been
terrible yeah how does something calorie
free it's just basically fizzy water
with a hint of lime that's pretty much
what several free is you know what I
like it I like it a lot
because that way I don't know buying a
club orange or something you know I
think it's nice I think it does this
need to be move to a bigger part again
look at this thing
look what I've grown oh my goodness I
put it this way because I figure that
like for like the photosynthesis or
something that's like the only thing I
remember in science class and school
finance and stuff was like photo senses
and dendrochronology that's like the
rings on the trees he can tell how old
the tree is but I and a Bunsen burner
about it thank thanks a school science
teacher oh it's such a nice day today I
love it except that it kind of hails
sometimes as well so sometimes you might
get caught in the hailstones but it's
okay it's nice out um my bump has really
hot I know I say that like every week
but seriously it's huge look at it and
um I'm actually wearing my black come
eternity jeans I don't want to wear any
other well they're not jeans actually
have pens but I don't want to wear any
other pens at all
what'd you guys think of my maid outfit
this morning that was like so bad oh my
god I'm such an idiot
forgetting that but anyways I just have
weird ideas sometimes
anyway my mom's actually coming over I
think now because she is delivering her
present which is a picture for in here
think I don't know you might put it in
the middle wall I'm not really sure
because this room isn't really properly
decorated yet so yeah I need to put
ruler and there and maybe something
there as well so she's delivering that
we got a frame yesterday it's not
remember footlong I won't take a blood
bag but um I'm gonna make my lunch
Julis always keeps them nice oh my god
in the fridge is open I swear when we
get our own house
that's how greedy Canadian health when
you get our own house I am getting a
fridge without one of those concealed
Dora thingies you think they look cool
they're not because it doesn't work
properly and it keeps opening our fridge
so that's crappy oh okay very
complaining vlog but seriously guys if
you're in like Tesco or whatever your
local grocery store is don't get this
see this crunchy whole meal with oatmeal
and linseed yeah Brendan's don't get it
and I'm serious actually this is kind of
this is kind of serious okay because I
got this bread thinking that you know
Chelsea everything every single piece I
took it look at that everything every
single piece I took it fell apart it was
so bad I actually feel like I'm so I'm
not the kind of person that usually like
complains about things like you know
writes letters or anything I feel like
writing a letter to them and being like
Hello your bread is crap like you cannot
sell bread like that that just falls
apart the minute you take it so I
honestly that flower pissed me off so
just as a little you know mini review
thing II don't get it
cuz you will regret it so I'm gonna make
just a sandwich for myself and hopefully
I can eat it before my mom comes so we
think it's kind of right if you're
eating lunch in front of somebody else
and she already had lunch so I was
actually gonna go into town with her
this morning but I didn't because I had
like a ton of work to do and everything
like that so that's why she's delivering
up the picture now and then we're going
out for dinner tonight which I'm so
excited oh isn't here oh here it is John
we got Hedgehog II like its frame now
are we gonna put it
on this wall is well it's been empty
yeah well I think that looks nice
come in O for that yeah yeah I think it
looks nice there yeah
if brain maker how do you just bring
anything
oh you just bring your picture and they
measured and do all the work weird when
from everything like so much easier you
can bring anything in can there any
anything oh oh oh you know Xena Xena
she hasn't seen up get up give me give
me that see ya give me it
get ready all the guides the fight over
it now Xena can I have that please oh
okay my gosh you found an adventure an
adventure see there yeah another
adventure
o'keefe and a thing and seen it like to
them
like he's kind of walking I know is gone
maybe only little harness and lead put a
bangle on them Oh Cena careful cause
it's like his dad
Cena logs that to supervising he's at
the playground
she's like the moms yeah just watching
the kids at the playground but a clean
your bum can't if you hold out with the
boy bottom OB what are you doing oh I'll
be stolen underwear hey this is the
evidence I was talking about the other
day
look at this fluff fluff fluff fluff
fluff leaving to a little corner here
yep see all the fluff here in the corner
this is Cena's favorite diggin spot look
at it like she's dug holes in here she's
no funny
what are you doing it allow me
right let's put you back Unni I wanna
bring them all in if you want to
supervise them by reading already what
we just put the wrong about it no but
they want to be able to adventure you
know the beds for you like they gonna
get more because I picked it because he
was like they were all asleep and he was
just like wandering around well make it
a lot by read enough putting his ears
are open this thing I'll get the rest of
them well then all right guys let's get
ready to go now am
due to popular demand puppy camp is
coming back guys who ready for puppy cam
all aboard all aboard
okay guys and you guys could roll again
because that seems to be quite popular -
okay hold on we need to turn we need to
make a turn Oh No
okay we're good to go go for puppy cam
go for puppy cam yeah oh no just someone
anyway so anyway what are you doing
you're hugging you're hugging the camera
okay okay any go little camera hugger
wait camera hugger hey they're deadly
now are you guys gonna hop out while
we're gone so we're going for a
celebratory dinner for finding out that
pankova is actually amelia and not
someone called Emilio who's just
pretending to be Amelia you know some
junk man is absolutely nothing and then
empty envelope why would you send
someone an empty envelope what's inside
the NTM are you guys like super
wondering is your curiosity well I
opened the empty envelope
okay now I'm curious if NDM camera why
would you send someone an nvme look
there's nothing inside the envelope it
is just so nice it's like the Sun is
just coming down you see that guys
that's so pretty
that's right it's really summery isn't
it
I can look at it too there and so
awesome
yeah it's tough reason
I bet I'm like super dark now coming
around so pretty tight back Hale yeah is
it is it Chinese
what do I even Chinese like green KY
curry no it's got tired
I don't know what kind of Chinese food
even comment your favorite Chinese food
guys
do I get you
I like attorney you know because it's
like it's kind of like the thing you
know you're gonna get like a vegetable
delight yeah you have to make your
decision now
my eyes are so squinty oh my goodness I
can't see anything I'm like I'm like
sitting here like I could pull this
thing down and I co promised sunglasses
but but the minute I do that the sun's
gonna go away no it's waiting on okay
let's watch watch watch the process
right still see Sun still see Sun okay
I'm glass coming out
sunglasses have been applied I'm telling
you that son it's gonna wait it's gonna
go away soon it is it's waiting on me
it's plans they're working together like
a team yeah you guys want to get a room
look let me just zoom in this you can
get the full vine look students into
left near here not not there it's near
there okay just just in case you're
looking for it let me try you to tour
mine makes it blue yeah I was a twitter
we see you tweeting me guys let's see it
let's name and we're not gonna even
shame you and she says don't really mean
Olivia McSweeney come on made a good
choice in the private guys I have two
small he's all private best to care a
baby talk I like I like the hash tag I
know we do feel we do feel a lot better
if we got this letter this morning from
the consultants and they're like oh well
uh congratulations but they're like oh
yeah the consultant thing is on like you
know the next Tuesday we're in for our
20 week again well it's kinda like 21
weeks yeah but it's like oh you know
follow me is like a to our appointment
full of nominees got an Everton I'm like
aw feels so much better even though it's
pure peace of mind that hopefully the
guy never ever has to do anything you
know but um yeah that was all fun until
it was like and the coast you sir is
like twenty billion billion euros like
making sacrifices before pack or pink
Olga before Amelia is even here oh my
goodness it can be expensive but I
suppose it's kind of worth it so it's
right here is it to make sure guys to
thumbs up our videos and favorite them
okay
we need we need to help what are these
again I had one of these in ages
oh my gosh yeah I don't know there's
like pawns Erica win this view I get
like the big one it's a bit of a problem
keep a drinking problem
what's our are you gonna get are you
gonna get I was gonna go to chick in a
hurry but then I feel like that's kind
of like takeaway food you know action
right
I can Emma didn't break your little duck
I think I will give you 100 euros if you
can actually remake that one go for it I
don't understand I do I knew when I took
mine apart there was no way it was ever
gonna get it back I think it's like
twisted and it has a little thing coming
at the top I think it's like twirls and
then it I see it's very similar yeah you
know I think I think I might actually
even be better well done well done
congratulations
this Amelia's first Chinese is first
Chinese restaurant they ever event got
takeaways what's never actually being
Chinese what you want gonna be a wild
roller coaster when she does I've been
under see if you dive whenever I see
food I eat it I got that from Homer
Simpson today he's a philosopher
you know Homer oh boy sticks it is
actually kind of like it's a good it's a
good effort it's a good effort I'll give
I'll give you this is your price like
Pontos we had our starters we got like
spareribs and stuff and then mo and they
got this now we have to wait to get our
main dinner
holy prawns tell us you know to get the
prawns actually make the toast like
everyone got a plate you can share mine
she is a diet coke you think I think she
I think she told me she seen gymnastics
on Friday evenings so she's probably
doing something you see a copycat are
using for work
well you're not having your dinner so
you know you just came for the
conversation
you stole it with me that's gonna gonna
you're excused
but essentially it's because you copied
me Oh what tasty drink did you guess
it's mine okay look you gonna split the
banana suit you know I was on the wafers
don't you hate them know what
you get mom told you take the other back
- where did you find it I had them at
two of them the earrings actually in a
coconut
yeah it's frozen it's so cool the
coconut weave can't you made it a
chocolate it's just that I was gonna
take a chunk out of it
no thank you my hair's too awesome for
flowers flu flower let's say I know I
know separate cars that's where you are
guys while I'm Chinese restaurant
it was nice yeah we good yeah what's
really good how look at the bonsai trees
are they they kind of like bonsai good
thing for something like is like design
tree parking spots so it could have it
could have went all wrong gone wrong my
ring keys come on Thanks
you pop homeward-bound see the puppet
see what's the coals hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
