no little ones
no little ones y'all have their eyes
open I think so we are heading off to
the maternity hospital getting our forty
weeks three weeks 20 weeks malarkey
this morning excuse me
the command general Forrest growing
nicely growing nicely going whoa Jericho
Hobson I never did
so this is our second time going and I
think
this is the only other appointment that
I have so I don't know if there's just
another another form or something and
then you have to go in like at the very
end I think that's what it works like I
don't think I'll have to go in now for a
really long time so I think this is my
20 week obstetrics appointment with the
kind of like non-existent obstetrics
yeah because I never see the
obstetrician that's always a midwife so
it's kind of like it's always that way
it's not just me it's just fine
everybody means everything's okay yeah
annoying thing is that I'm supposed to
get an anomaly scan but there's no like
guarantee they just assess you and then
they tell you if you need one or not and
I'm like how do you know if I need like
how do you know by just looking at me
like they look to you they're like yeah
you don't need one who's like what you
know so I guess they're obviously gonna
take they're gonna do more than just
that I'm gonna take my blood pressure
and
so hopefully everything's fine
I hope my iron levels are okay because
I've heard that in the second half of
the pregnancy a lot of women's iron
levels drop just naturally like it's not
even it's not even that you're not
eating enough
hyerin or anything it's just like that
just happens so sometimes they put you
on an iron supplement but i have been
adding spinach to everything have a nice
I've been adding just like every meal we
have doesn't matter the color and I are
just like take a handful of spinach just
throw it in so hopefully I won't have
low iron levels and I can be like yeah
go presbyterians you know we don't need
meat and our diet so and I also just
realized this morning that I have I
think I have one of my ear lobes is like
slightly affected or something I don't
know it's really sore I think I've just
been wearing
not good earrings lately you know like
kind of cheap ones so I plant some more
expensive ones today how does the cheap
very because the metal isn't real
so it's like
I don't know no it's like if you get
like a lot of costume jewelry or
something but then if you wear like real
silver or real gold this is a real gold
either but it's a better quality so if
you wear like the real metals it's not
likely to like mess up your hair I don't
know I mean it's kind of like
think about it but I like some facts
you can put like surgical spirits on a
pony
anyways so that's going on there and
then yesterday I talked about this in my
video on my channel I wore these cute
little flats but I completely forgot
today he hurt my feet and they totally
like ripped apart my heels like my yeah
my heels so I am wearing these really
cute flats today you can't even see cuz
the light it's just that I'm completely
stupid but anyways and yeah they're like
pinching the backs of my heel so I'm
kind of walk like with my toes pushed
against the front because I couldn't
wear like socks but these stupid
maternity pants that I got which aren't
stupid but it's just that because HM
didn't have any frickin hand on my
thighs because H&M didn't have any
parents of my size and you only had
these two and then these two are cropped
see they're like chinos so I can't wear
socks and boots with these pants like
that would look stupid so I had to wear
flats and these ones hurt my feet too so
I'm gonna be like when you're handling
I'm pregnant that might be broken here
batting for the babies yeah and your
feet don't work no fantastic what nice
idea so here we go again next time this
is like the last time I think no no
just like the turkey weeks and stuff
then then there's the baby do you know
what a natural it's really funny though
guys
it's kind of terrible that most
expensive party in the world is in a
hospital where you're going to spend a
long time ridiculous
oh my goodness I haven't been outside in
257 billion years
I forgot what outside even looks like
did you okay we gotta go pay for the
parking I'm afraid to even know how much
it oh well you know what that is that's
the string from the camera blowing in
the wind so we're back from the hospital
and that was so long wasn't it it took
like two and a half hours oh yeah we
were in there oh my god and in the I
mean everything was fine like everything
was perfect you know like we did get
like a mini ultrasound but it wasn't
like anything at all she just showed us
the head the next time like two months
low or something the heart blood flow
into the heart not was it and um we're
like in and out in two seconds it was
nothing so it was just a lot of waiting
and not very much going on everything
was normal my blood pressure my urine
blood oh they took blood the girl who
took my blood was so mean she like first
she stamped on my foot accidentally
obviously not on purpose
like stepped on my foot and I moved it
like I moved my foot like you know
chicken I didn't want to be like hey you
stepped on my foot
you know so I moved my foot away and she
didn't move for his off so I was just
sitting there like in my chair
with her foot on mine I was just like I
couldn't move I was like pinned to the
floor and then eventually just thread
the whole like process she moved it and
I was I moved my feet in light towards
made sure there was like no room and you
in a room with like lots of other people
as well so it's very like oh no anyways
I have yeah and she was really mean then
cuz she didn't like she just was very
cold and like clinical and she didn't
ask me anything any questions like you
know and I could hear the other nurse
that was beside us with another patient
or person and she was like so have you
felt any movement yet and all this stuff
I was like wake up my pain like that she
got the mean one and then next thing she
didn't even say I I'm not scared of
needles or anything so just as well cuz
if I had been I probably would've been
freaking out because she was so mean cuz
like usually they're like okay you're
gonna feel a little prick now or
whatever and she just jabbed the needle
into my arm and I was just like oh my
god hurts you know like she didn't say
anything she just was like okay and they
just went alright in in there and I I
was like you know I didn't say anything
or even do anything I was just like in
my head I was like and then she gave me
a plaster I know that was it
I was just like ever there oh yeah and
then it's so funny cuz they always
expect you to know exactly what you're
supposed to do and I never know what to
do obviously no one so she gives me back
my number and you like cleaning up and
stuff initially you should trans range
as if to be like you're still here cuz
waiting for her to tell me like whether
I was finished or not like I don't know
she's like yeah you can go now like
they're just so me only not all of them
but some of them I mean I was like so
jealous of the other girl who got the
nice one but anyways and then our doctor
was like she was fine she was just very
like you know yeah that's it cuz I have
to get through a lot of people well we
were one of the last people there like
everyone else had gone home by that
stage and then um yeah that was just
kind of crap we were watching Oprah and
we were watching Obama and
his wife were on Oprah and we were like
that's all we're doing we're just
watching that and watching it was like
summer like months ago or something
cause it's like isn't over but I
remember going to the gym I used to
watch the same Channel it's TV three and
I would always watch Oprah
and the midday show and expose days it
was all the same shows that we're on so
I'm glad to be home now cuz I finally
ate some lunch and we missed out on the
market we did we never so long this is
working it should be free why is the
most expensive place the place that you
go to you're guaranteed to spend a
couple of hours you know the most
expensive place to park your car
I just find it strange that you have
like half it's because I can see the
screens I know it's kind of weird you
don't like a garden gnome what the hell
sorry I need to go and get to work good
work said you get to work you've met to
work and I could philosophize your belly
now generally when I can I was like I'm
huge you know and then he went in there
and I was like I was just like but I
race I'll grow and she took one look at
my stomach like the doctors took one
look at my stomach and she was like
that's perfect for it where you're at
right now and I was like oh so
everything's fine
but yeah it does definitely look very
humongous can you still see your feet
yeah say you know yeah again I'm gonna
share something with you guys because
you know oh we found that
we you know yeah when you're having your
first child it's important I think to
experience everything for yourself to
understand what's for you and what's not
for you because what is good for you
might not necessarily be good for the
person beside you and everybody needs a
different level of care and everybody
wants a different sort of you know
something something that's tailored to
meet their requirements and I don't know
like today we're in there I felt that
like you know they basically said to us
so you're not gonna get scans we're not
gonna scan you ever again
pretty much you got a scan of 12 weeks
and that's pretty much it and I was like
people which like what is something
wrong just like yeah well you know we
don't have the resources and stuff to be
able to offer you anything like that we
got a doctor for about maybe five
minutes you know I don't mind a waiting
yeah we away for two and a half hours
like I don't mind waiting so much
because as I have better percentages
entire process like gender aside you
know cute pink rooms the side cribs
blankets all that kind of stuff aside
like the primary concern for me is that
Amelia is 100% healthy and she comes out
100% healthy and she has no problems and
hannah is 100% healthy and Ayanna has
as a wonderful experience because I
don't really get to participate a lot in
this particular experience I don't
really get to dictate how things are
done or I don't you know so I feel like
what can I do to make to make this
experience best and what I can do is
what I have done now and you know I was
kind of thinking about it so I rang some
people I had a talk with them and we've
decided that we've actually left a see
um page public system and we've actually
done over to the private care so we have
a professor this professor guy who is an
obstetrician who's now going to take
over our delivery project schedule
whatever it's called and we're moving it
to a different Hospital it's in the same
grounds as the warrior but it's a
private care hospital I know I know it's
like I don't think that you can really
put a value on on this you know
experience for us especially because
it's our first one you know and and I
feel that like when you go in there and
I know you can say like all too silly to
want like to ask you like oh my god the
G isn't moving and be excited for you
and I want scans every week like and I
want a professor to sit down you know
the highest academic doctor person ever
you know to be able to be and he's gonna
be there at the birding he's gonna be
there everything we do and we're gonna
get all the scans all the time anomalies
check everything done and
I just feel that like that's what we
need you know I just wanted to share
that I wanted to involve you guys in
this decision because I think it it it
affects you too
I know I know how it affects you look at
this cute card guys it's got a cupcake
on it gift receipt mm-hmm
it is from Nikki just wrote to Jonathan
and I and pango otherwise known as pink
okay there's book
WTF I'll be in Zena and pops
congratulations Anna and C now I'm being
pregnant well done Jonathan and he'll be
hope you like the clothes I've given you
gifts receipts since in case you don't
like or they're wrong size or something
from Newport and Bella and Nikki Nikki
love one anything as eye makeup oh man
yeah she sent a lot of pages yeah she
sent a cop which I have I love she sent
oh she's in the top 100 subscribers owl
she said yeah she sent tons of stuff she
sent pictures of nipper and Bella so
let's see what's inside okay rodeo bars
rule
Alvie and Cena love them and they never
got them
thank them okay oh my god there's tons
of stuff here we got a three pack oh
look it's got little elephants on and
the stripey one and a spotty one they're
so cute no that's so cute and they have
tissue paper it's like them what does
that make it softer for the child's
Walker
find out with an answer to ransom with
time oh you take it out no you leave the
tissue paper oh my God look my daddy is
funny what does my daddy is funny ha ha
perfect so cute
my mummy is yummy that is so cute
oh my god yummy money and the funny that
is so cute thank you so much
and so many it was like fight fight with
them yeah five your baby grows oh wow
she has a full wardrobe it's got more
clothes than me she probably does have
more than Ivan thank you so much and
sorry for Jonathan thinking that's you
know did your paper was something that
you put inside your tongue clothing to
wear I'm new at this yeah oh my goodness
um excuse me what yeah how did you how
did you get up out here how did you get
out
nope it's a girl oh how did you end up
back there
Oh y'all okay you guys want to see the
world's most expensive prize nice they
are nice people bitch that's a boobs
look like case you have wandered yeah
probably probably and today all the same
as you doing yes they are so big though
thank you this is a smaller one
it's small massive Dalek then this is a
sports point
Oh breasts like you can recipe oh yeah
yeah easy support at nighttime I
apologize it is but yeah it gives you
like some support but it's so
comfortable you know for a night time as
well that's cool nice good job all these
boobs on my table score oh you see
there's no need all these obese knows
nothing about me no face
what do we do we're not conundrum guys
do we bring the pony because support of
things they never do anything but always
mind and houses and things like that
yeah you know we right now yeah again
when I go on a road trip
you know my house look at Alma's house
it's good offices like she's abandoned
her children doesn't care you come on
guys do you guys want to go on puppy cam
Oh puppy cam problems
the cam problems on there we go puppy
cam awesome we are on puppy's second
road trip I think second road trip I'll
be like freaking out cause he can't
abide by them so he's too afraid to get
by now so plenty
Erica's Lutheran like to see little
people even sometimes when I see like a
smaller child I'm like it's under your
kids little friend then I remember
Erica's let me see them back there yep
they're back there I'll be freaking out
Izzie yeah here we are yay
we're at Oma's house oh my stars
mm-hmm yo Casey nice good girl listen
mom I started a house
Lucy mama Jean's house oh come on come
on oh just hum it up hum it up and
favorite it that was amazing make them
make the next one do that poor things
are we happy
yeah because I've been so bored haven't
gone anywhere so we're like come on
we'll bring you on an adventure
adventure it's our first time you wanna
start a house no no puppies oh did we
bring oh yeah I know
No oh my cheeks holy what do we got
pasta broccoli is there an anchovy
no salt I'm I'm excited about this all
Hannah everything of a broccoli don't oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah smother she's
looking Randy a Hawaii
he says she doesn't even notice
she is so ordinary man how he thinks is
like a teddy bear
well I thought you think it was a mouse
or something well here's the killer
here's the killer I'm going to take out
your eyes mmm yeah I don't know it was
probably cats for Katya what's the cats
are just a little bit of honey oh this
he looks chilled whoa it's kind of like
a bouncy thing what is this again panna
cotta but not dependent upon the fun fun
because the man we got the bun the bun
okay I don't know if you guys can see
this but Cena is multitask game she is
feeding her pot okay now eternal dark
she's feeding her puppies on the GO
Transit what a good girl dogs want to
get it trolley Oh tink bring a trolley
well if we don't
okay cuz I actually have a gyro on me
that's why I was asking it was like I
think I have a yo-yo yo-yo
where this ones I'm gonna visualize this
one you gotta check though they want to
make sure to get the best the best one
yep okay moving on
what
grapes oh my goodness oh my goodness
grapes like
let's fruit some expensive food should
be free that's what I say here you gone
all right just keep smoking Lena and
this would buy like one really fine can
we use it are these little things if
you'd like Stefan but now they're kind
of ruin that fun they've gotten rid of
that oh wait a second oh is this all
isn't it hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
