and there's abandoning me again she does
and abandoner my little too late no John
it was part last night I have a process
which I didn't do CHD it to fuse
together you wouldn't understand there's
modern technology not a hipster like me
don't you understand like your eyes open
puppies come on let's get my little
nudge now see oh there's a girl no yes
you can find them when they've all
gotten so much bigger now I'm searching
for a little Willie Tina she's banging
off he's in there somewhere but that's
okay I know but they're all buried
underneath those see you guys gotta have
a nice lunch and everything yeah
but how about them no have any breakfast
took my show well you gonna go for lunch
put Captain America send me an Instagram
of what you have and I would just lie
here and be jealous I'm gonna stay at
home dad did you a big move last night
yeah open seven a disco party maybe
she's doing her exercises you seen her
work heads who can stay fit my placenta
which he in the name of the bubble she's
in this is my get out of my womb and
I got ready implemented
I woke up at 7:00 this morning turns out
and he pretended like you much to go to
the toilet but he actually didn't even
tricked us all and I was so angry with
them sad I fell asleep again for ages
and usually gonna pop like nine
but it was much higher IQ
gotten up at 7:00 thought she got up at
10:00 and then I got a text from my mom
like over the years
and she said I'd pass
how could you
but yeah don't mind my hair because they
have it all out there we go
and this food doctor multi-seat cereal
pit ice ice they're on the go let go I'm
gonna fix up my hair my hair because
it's sort of part in the middle always
regular Ted what are you doing in the
girls room got it pink Amelia scene
loves that carpet she loved it oh yeah
oh my god open the oldest let's get the
light on oh no not that one the gutter
yeah yeah do it them in here guys it's
not gonna work
this is not gonna work at all she's kind
of like up here and then I just sort of
flopped over like like you just kind of
look how's that it's called the
comb-over you guys know I move it yeah
not really
we go it alone with fringes goes my
eyeball well like that
hi Tim Tim Tim well yeah I'm gonna fix
that up I'm gonna fix that up good ugh
Jesus they're kind of scary because
you're burning yourself quite easily oh
my goodness my hair my eyes
okay let's go let's get this one to go
let's go let's go it does on the gold
one nice you should meet a little win
around let me talk about this before
about how there should be a boundary GHD
like a black one alright
ght good hair day it should be like mhm
deep manly hair day you know I don't
know just a good idea just a little good
idea
who made this thing who make ghd's
professional hairstylist soon the GH do
you make Junior is GHC a company okay so
if anyone ever from GHD wants to make a
manly one I'm am I'm hoping to am I'm
open to beta testing it for you you know
before it goes to market give me a
little test
it should be fun though should be like I
am a man I got it going and my lifestyle
that I got a Danish
would you like my sword sword my time
and diamond sword talk you little ass
outside it song stuck in my head
Oh Toby Turner you are a funny man
there's no mamas aw I thought I did a
terrible when is that
oh goodness yeah I don't know what I'm
talking about oh you don't
so it's okay I need to go print stuff
off but um I was in town with her mom
and we don't have a printer still uh
because I'm more like what would you do
in a printer I don't know prints up it's
at moments like this I'm like ah so I've
mobilized the laptop well mobilize the
laptop nice I like it I like it a lot
you guys have one of these ones if you
comment us um
disengage engine Oh disengage keys let's
go hmm first I want to see we're going
to H&M because I heard that they have
pretty good returning to clothes and I
always wanted to go there so what do you
need maternity jeans or a maternity
pants now
these bond funds aren't ready and you're
more for me going to hmm
all done letter printed in envelope I
found an envelope which is totally
awesome these here but it's always the
problem that I had is always a saying
they never have my size they always have
bigger sizes
today's week actually the only two pairs
of pants that I gave my so I'm
forgetting this to look cute so I just I
needed pants because I'm kind of dying
here at my home by myself I'm just gonna
get pens but they don't hurt that much
oh my goodness
sorry pink but the Hat oh my darkness
that is some crazy wetter but this is a
pom-pom this is insane oh my god I'm
saving oh my goodness you guys all got
oh God holy crap they're huge
you're huge huge oh it's over oh the Sun
is coming my god now guys it's okay oh
no its back its back
oh my god we're waiting for a shower
shelter from the rain beyraiderz things
that you know we're not gonna share with
you but Dad what I'm doing right now
it's nothing I don't want to share it
with you oh there's a spot oh this will
do nicely
I don't want to share with you it's that
I don't like you know there could be
like legal issues with sharing it what
you not like I'm doing anything against
the law or anything but to do with what
it hits it's about which I can't really
go into a lot of detail but what I
wanted to do is that I like to ask I
like to make note of their times when
I'm doing something so that you know
this is the day so 18th of March whoa
18 amar 18 amar ch even of April yo why
did I fall asleep for a month so it's 18
of April and I'm I'm gonna send this bad
boy away and you know I'll tell you what
it's part of my chipping at the boulder
thing I was talking to you guys about
like chipping at the boulder and we're
going to Milano's for lunch
yeah I know they're gonna that's the
place we usually go to is Italy I hope
they don't see us some things that were
betraying them this is Milano is here
and that's how you until you start your
process of fulfilling your dreams you
take the first big bold step and
sometimes the first big bold step is
scary and there is a lot of risk
involved but if you don't take that
first big bold step you're never gonna
take the next step okay let's be honest
in 2006 I made my first big boss fi
we're starting my life but that was my
first sort of five-year plan and I
completed that five years later I've got
everything I wanted long journey long
struggle but I'm here now and now is to
take it to the next level you know to
really do something awesome and do
something for Amelia as well to ensure
that she has an awesome future I was one
of the two ass it's wondering remember
this moment that I took this huge risk
and stuff you know so obviously I'll
talk about it when when it all comes to
fruition and stuff over the next few
months obviously you've got we're not
going anywhere so you guys will see it
all come together so hope you don't mind
the cloak-and-dagger routine but it'll
all make sense soon we're gonna show you
eating your doable
we're in Milano and almost all day just
eating it too
Americans are waiting for what I'm going
to get it I don't know this one seems
quite universal look it seems to fit
everything then this one what's in this
one does it have a little more like that
yeah I like this
that is more
my goodness I guess I got this one
ah because it seems to have loads of
name
I just got this one over those in
Finnish it's like cut it
I got bosco salad did you get again
water perfection goats cheese I wanted
that what I got
so home and margaritas cannot believe
how difficult that was just to buy some
vacuum bags LG like it said the signal
for the LG v 33 series imagine I
actually have the LG I want to Dyson
guys I want this this particular vacuum
came free to house and it's pretty good
suction I like it's got like 3300 or PM
is that what it does I don't know
suction power it's pretty darn good at
it but um I just think this whole bag
idea is so like it's such a waste you
know why why do you need to put it in a
bag and then dispose of it why can't
like the Dyson zorda Henry or and you
guys got it leave me a comment if you've
got a Henry but why would you
the bag is so stupid like you know to
put it in the bag and then dissolve it
it should make them they should actually
just try to get rid of the bag and just
make all vacuum cleaners with just the
compartment or the was you know the bags
you get like a we I've had a Viking
before I had a or a Hoover it's you guys
might call it but I had one before it I
had one of those reusable bags
so it had a capsule just you take the
bag out and you opened it back and it
all falls into the bin I just think it
makes more sense than having an actual
bag and buying them is so complicated or
have like a universal charger for
everything and phone and laptop and car
everything should have one universal
thing vote for Joe fees I don't want you
to vote for me for but just just vote
for me whatever you have coming up just
to choose dopest okay moment of truth
guys is just going to fit in here it's
just going to fit in here oh my goodness
oh my okay hon it sort of does it sort
of does look it's obviously not this one
but look I just ah I just in
all right what stuff what stuff oh yeah
oh ho yeah it doesn't really work and I
by the way was a I'm me lay 1800 or 300
nuts thing I was talking
the Watts I guess since the suction
powerful nice finally works so it wasn't
really so - are all vacuum cleaner bikes
sort of moldable into every other vacuum
time for an overdue vacuuming
 you
Oh vacuuming is done
oh my goodness vacuuming is like a
workout guys vacuuming the whole house
look at that rug I like that rope and it
vacuums because it gets all like stepped
on and we vacuum it you kind of fluff it
all up with the amount of stuff casino
likes dinging now I don't know what you
know as you're walking it has like pink
wall in her nails when you're like Xena
the evidence is apparent that you have
and then she drags it all here but all
done all the rooms have been vacuumed
who no one's even shiny shiny floors
tums the video because I got shiny
floors I tell ya it's so cool just an
extra material because it's the whole
thing underneath your belly yeah I was
like trying to pull some waist and used
to high waisted pants yeah you know and
then I was like oh wait they're right
where they're supposed to be for that
that's kind of cool huh and then this
like covers the Sun usually it sticks
out it like it pops up your jumper zone
that's pretty good and they are kind of
crop so they're like they look nice like
yeah thanks like they wouldn't they
don't look like you're wearing like
special pregnancy things or anything cuz
the other ones we saw a member they were
like denim jean you know and it won't
ever attractive like they're you know
it's like no cuz you like your legs in
your arms in your face you you don't
know you're pregnant it's only your
belly
I think just you gotta tell you know
like I can tell if I'm looking at even
like so that raises different weights
and stuff and I feel like I'm one of
those yeah he's way more weight like up
here but not like on my legs like I know
I won't because I even my mom didn't
thing is he waiting her legs when she
was pregnant and I just think that's
like my the way my body is which is nice
I'm not getting in that away in my leg
no but it's like I feel like I probably
like my arms and stuff as well yeah good
job you know and I don't have to worry
now that the bum or the band yeah yeah
your own whitening anymore
it's just weird does that even open but
there's no zip you know is that on you
for sure to button them and everything
yeah yeah yeah that's kinda like them I
should get them good job
so hurry yesterday there was talk well
today there was action are they like fat
pants you can oh my god as you consume
all these pizzas your belly will just
expand and your pants won't be affected
can I I need a pair of those nice guys
check it out provincial oh yeah oh is it
what's provincial in there is a dominoes
provincial or something about going up
okay but what's the provincial then it's
your brain fizzling out Oh stupid I
there is something about pervert you
don't revenge no means no see not what
does it mean well it's a negative thing
don't be so provincial
no there's a thingy Marshall the thing
about Italian pizzas on provincial
crambo he's talking about do you mean
prevent kal
something I was crossing towel well it
doesn't exist in Tom those lines but
anything I'm just trying to figure out
your thick brain come on I'll be let's
get out of here we don't need those
stupid girls come on we don't need those
stupid girls
come on guys let's set up our own life
without mom and me and the puppies and
jr. and pencils and battles and battles
mr. poppy Tommy well via mr. police he's
so terrified what are you afraid of no
thanks
oh my gosh you're walking yeah careful
oh my god look he's walking she the
chief yeah it's pop I like the Senate
apartment the one I do yeah nothing like
walking around inside falling over
mm-hmm how active there we going see
knees do some young lovers do you know
thanks mom this is papa here when I open
turn o my clothes is everyone got their
eyes open now you know who's missing
look at them like they I'm moving around
like anyone's got ears open check all
the ears no I don't think so I know it's
a few days afterwards you get some ear
action hey is this Junior yeah
Junior's the most advanced yeah in terms
of eyes and the feeling he's walking as
well since you're stupid and then
there's one girl who has her eyes open
is it you yeah and then
the small one the really tiny girl
mm-hmm one of her eyes is opening but
it's not funny there yet and then
there's Popeye over here so are you
close no your junior sorry it's not
gonna wait um
uh-huh okay is that you in there yeah
hygena sound cue let's bring them for a
walk you're such a singer inventor sina
sina you will do then these two come on
she kind of fell on me I do dance here
we go five six five six seven eight nice
movements Albie it was a bit of the drum
oh you mean the buggy in there wait for
me to go away for him to go go
stop calling him stop it Dorothy why
would you do I know you will you explain
to them that we're not going now have
your charger hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
