ho ho ho what she's ill empty knees
where's everyone here you're late Albie
you're late
we're gonna party what's that slumber
party oh it's a nip with a my mom I feel
the mighty nip
I think it's because they've been just
at her already Oh
but when little is here little II will
be able to take care of you just like
frozen constantly frozen get another on
don't hit me might help maybe I think
because you tend to drop it a lot right
how we both got the phones at the exact
same time and guess what happens
what remember what we're like you
research it and everything and you're
like oh no no it's a hardware issue yeah
a batch of them will just and you got a
new girl ugh and it's so funny isn't it
because we both went into the shop I
just bought two iphone 3gs kenji TGS is
on board you know it's like two iPhones
please and there's just boxes and then
there was no were like we just you took
one 9302 one and put a SIM card in the
world and your own broke and mine didn't
mind still in there and for the last
eight ten months since I bought the HTC
I have told you to take my iPhone
because it works forever divine whatever
fancy fancy no no all we have to do is
wait it out iPhones just keep getting
cheaper and cheaper by the time the
iPhone turkeying comes out we're gonna
get iPhone 4s boom under cheaper nothing
like new subscribers I'll be kisses
kisses for the viewers kisses kisses for
the viewers
kisses kisses kisses oh I'll be kissed
it I'll be gave them kisses me huh mm mm
kisses no always just say their cases
are cytosol they're working know what 35
mm you just stuck
none of it makes sense doesn't Cena me
inside piece of puppies Oh Antonia
bangle it's not only a pick it up why
why because it's fine and it's like Oh
No um I'll be foot birthday I only
three years old movie 3 K 1 2 3 she's
gonna be three you're gonna get loads of
trees Oh presents peach peach of fuzzy
mittens therapy birthday business do you
guys remember the card was it from leave
me a comment if you sent us a card she
sent us a card and when we open it
Natalie yeah anyway hey you know Nellie
with the hatreds two wedding invitations
No
Oh like the mom makes up no I think was
Natalie who sent him card and she had
her voice recorded on it I don't know
then we kept saying it over and over and
then it went so he he hates hate the
cards boy he hits on regal high it's cuz
I'm not touching him if I were to go
ahead there's an idea Hayami
with that ally do not make your birthday
like what is wrong with you you freak
and cake pleased to meet you nice to
meet you packing some cake shaken say
God do it now cuz he's crossed oh my
goodness guys you know when things kick
off sometimes in the comments and so I
never really talk about them you know
because I am very pro freedom of
infrared fear information freedom of
speech on on YouTube because that's what
the platforms for it allows you like I
have never and anyone knows that I have
never blocked deleted a comment remove
the comments spamming nothing I let you
guys say whatever you want whenever you
want it and I don't even touch it at all
like it's completely organic and what
you say but you know something I just
wanted to highlight the kind of stuff
that we get and I just received an email
there from someone that was saying like
you know oh you're such a disgusting
person like I hope your baby dies so
that she doesn't you because you're
gonna be such a terrible mother to save
her and she's so happy that you're her
dad is dead so he doesn't have to like
deal with his daughter like what a fader
she's become and it's kind of like well
like that's so horrible to say that to
someone because pregnancy itself is it
is a really hard thing it's a stressful
thing because you're growing a life and
all the time like if you I know what
people are saying is kind of
probably have never had children in
their life but if you have if you've
ever gone to pregnancy you know that in
the real life you know in real life it
does hurt like it's scary and every day
you wonder is it alive and you can only
hope that it's a hundred percent healthy
like you forget the gender forget all I
crack like all you want is a healthy
baby you know and when people say that
so funny
you want to read the places you know
when you see people like you know
contemplate like arts the baby's not
gonna make it no you're killing the baby
eating that no your babies days and the
babies die and it's like people are like
you have to understand that you can't
just go ahead and say that to somebody
but a disregard for their emotional
well-being and how that can affect them
and how that can affect your own life
like could you imagine a person that
said that look what must they be
thinking to write an email because I
like I don't care you know people
consider everyone but like I try and
keep my my blog and my youtube channel
like a positive place and have
constructive criticism that's fine but
no said how many people say it's
constructive criticism actually it's
just a bitch of it so either bitch Lee
this is fine you know
I just don't know that way like I just I
won't like I won't allow it like I won't
like approve it or whatever and that's
just how I am like I mean I'm not you
know you're like the other the other way
and that's fine but like I just try and
separate myself from that because you
can't like I don't know you can't just
make everything if everything is that's
negative affects you like every single
day every single comment then you're
just gonna go crazy so yeah I just like
separate that couldn't have two so but
then the fact that I separate myself
from that and I don't like to protect
myself from like all these crazy people
and like crazy comments um means that
people can't really I have like a
barrier here that like and I like that
you know when people cannot message me
and say things like that and you have to
be a friend of mine on Facebook to
message me or a friend of a friend or
something like that but then like for
someone to go and like find my personal
email or my business email and like
right this way
crazy message like it's just like I
don't know that's sick I think that
person I honestly because I think of it
in my head I always try to think of it
objectively and I'm like what I ever do
that ya know I couldn't even imagine
what kind of a person would do it like
you have to be sick in the head like you
have to be I want to be honest with
people and I want to let them know like
what's going on in my head because I
find personally that the purse more
personal blogs and moon' personal blogs
are personal like channels or whatever
videos are more engaged like I can
relate to them like if if I'm watching a
lot up or something and the girls like
everything's perfect and stuff I'm not
gonna really relate to her if she's like
oh my god you know I feel so crappy
because like I gained a patent today or
something like that
I'm like I can relate to that or like my
face is all broken out oh my god I hate
it or whatever like I can relate to that
but if you pretend like everything's
fine all the time then I'm not gonna
relate to that well I always go through
that in my head I'm like do I share
everything like I might not everything
but you know am i honest about things or
do I close off because when you're
honest about things like that
that gives people more ammunition to
attack you like my share it's so much
stuff what I've shared talk to that yeah
my dad's death and everything and it's
like ever since I shared that on the
Wunderland it's positive because people
are like thank you so much thank you so
much for like sharing that with me and
like you know my mom died of cancer and
now I feel like so much better because I
feel like somebody who else went through
it and then like on the other hand you
get cooking like ha ha ha I'm so glad
your dad died of cancer you know thanks
harder do I not you risk that whole like
you know your boundaries are dead like
every
and people can attack you because
they're like well I happen to know that
you know no you have acne and you're
self-conscious about this fact or that
you know you don't have the
relationships your father
haha why do you do that like it and then
that makes you not want to share
anything anymore and then you end up
questioning everything so that's why I
just try not to read things I try not to
like engage in any kind of negativity I
want to come straight to your email like
you're in bond you're like well what can
i oh you have to read it because you do
know I do know that like we're talking
like 90% of the people that watch our
show I love you guys and you guys have
been there from the start we haven't
read everything and then all I do is all
I do is I'm talking to you guys
that's all I do I just talked to the
ones that I know are out there
supporting our show that are enjoying
the fact that we have opened our lives
to you guys and we're brought you on the
adventure like we met we started doing
this we were just going out together and
then we we got a place and then we got
engaged and then we got married and we
got pregnant and then we just find out
the gender of our baby like life is
unfolding
oh why whoa that looks pretty good
though is that eggs in purgatory thing
eggs pass through purgatory moved on to
the other side you cook in a butter or
something hmm
what's it is there cheese in there yeah
no it's a cheese I can smell and does
that go with am niceness
we're cheap super to make dinner then we
heard there was no dinner on the go
right I'm guests yet but I'm pretty sure
somebody has definitely guessed
Danae like thousands of comments that
came in so it all happened too quick so
we're definitely gonna probably tell you
guys the name today instead of tomorrow
like I was like oh maybe neither yeah I
know way too fast it was like yeah yeah
someone's got it
a few people got up with them and people
without together and stuff what happened
yeah radiations nowhere no was over that
was in within 20 minutes so it's like
it's really hard so I just did a search
thing and I found you and I was like but
I'm will I will do a little thing later
on me tonight I'm going to show you guys
today and stuff like that but right now
we're going to eat this tasty lunch it's
really good oh thanks I man I don't know
if they're gonna fit the baby don't like
they seem a bit big oh my God look at
these like for little they're so cute
little short sleeve body suits just for
Eric is it oh I still have eaten these
management skill why you get like chew
on the outside yes I love this smell
dope the little rubber you know any open
a new rubber yeah I know I never had
scented ones nor financing papers any
people do fancy paper anymore no fancy
paper whose likes it when you trade it
no someone leave me a comment and tell
me I'm not crazy
there was it yeah yeah do you remember
fancy paper and you trade it with your
friends they'd have like a box of
different fancy paper hey didn't do as
well as like stickers and I think is
probably underway ever
yeah yeah fancy paper I I didn't know
what the fancy paper
yeah turn at dinner wasn't as free as I
thought have to go fix a toilet look at
this what oh no I don't know is that
important okay so I guess with these
things somewhere this is the new toilet
we're getting rid of this one because I
think is in the EMEA nuts that's not
working so you got this new one here
which looks nice nice and start fishy
okay
I don't read of this before we're like
most things I will just figure it out as
I go along plus Eric is serenading me
with some lovely music job done
nice huh how it works of functions as it
should please it's my first time I've
ever done that guys know what's gone
blurry it's wait a moment
and we're back it's the first time I've
ever done that I never done that before
I should put that a list I'll just make
a tag video things I've never done
before that I ended up actually doing
all right guys
so we have winners winner winners so are
you guys ready to find the wafer for my
Twitter okay so behind this curtain is
the name of the baby you guys ready you
guys ready okay here we go
sorry I be looking mess here we go oh we
knew about that one alright alright what
e/m does it equal MC squared
did you okay what's even going on here
what could be the next letter what
it's a record company OMG it's actually
a record company Cena
that's hi there hi there buddy
I just cut that area
oh wait here we go what what is this
what what does it does it what happen
all right
email you know city not like a brand of
breast milk or not rested um you know
baby milk yeah email email okay hey
how's it going did you get it no you're
wrong email okay so obviously it's email
wait a second is more what e-mail I
email I what do you guys know yet is it
email i what yolks getting old is it
little Amelia
oh we reveal the whole name yeah should
make them guess no no I do it another
day yeah it's too hard okay so the whole
name is actually Amelia Thomas Tina so
she's kind of named of Christina she's
named after well Sina was named after
the same person yeah see Christina's
full name is Sistina which is radiated
yeah which is my dad's mom so my
grandmother Thomasina saucony her name
was Thomas Tina but everybody called her
sissy now so that's why we called Tina
Cecina but that is too long so we called
her Cena but it's still always like that
name so it's gonna be Amelia Thomasina
Amelia Thomas you know when I told you
because Amelia is gonna have the same
name kind off as Xena yeah so yeah
that's your name and it's really long
and meaning I Thomasina ciccone go
because where somebody asked me on
twitter she was like is it is her name
gonna be double barrelled and I was like
do you mean the Suriname
I think she went to certain and I was
like yeah cuz all of all of us are
legally Ciccone Joe yeah yeah well we
said when she's a baby we're gonna call
her Amy yeah probably just gonna call me
hopefully you got that right to me yeah
well you guessed like EMM why am i or
whatever but it's gonna be EMI for sure
yeah when she's reading it all because I
thought that's Kenny oh yeah Noemi it's
a media it's a really pretty like the
full name of when she grows up and once
you dignified I went you didn't trouble
would be like and mania Tomatina psycho
Neto Lee yeah get in here right now so
what do you guys think I think people
like it because I a lot of people are
these people that said that name yeah a
couple of you have that name
yeah which we're going to get onto that
now so but what do you guys think
let us know but I love it and everybody
in my family that I've told so far
everybody that I've spoken to has
thought it was pretty cute and a really
pretty name and also in case you're
wondering like where it comes from or
anything it's basically just a name that
we liked
it's an Italian name obviously but also
my sister is called Emma so and I always
kind of liked the name Emma as well but
I didn't want to call our child and not
because there's not already an Emma so
it's kind of like she'd get all like oh
yeah yes name my kid after me and Emma's
gonna yeah that's exactly right let's
get on competition time okay so I have
my not organized I took screenshots like
crop them in Photoshop I have them all
laid out and prepared if you got your
stuff laid out and prepared all right so
Facebook first okay you go first
I only have one winner on Facebook oh
okay
okay well then give us your name bonus
one bonus bonus she didn't know no hold
on before we reveal her name she triple
bonus what explains he does have an IQ
do it first no D do to order name first
because she don't want it first person I
have here actually she was second so
will we do this one first
no second yeah but then she got it on
both platforms okay so this girl got it
right and she left it as a comment on my
facebook so she didn't comment
underneath anything she just left a
separate comment and it was Antonia
LASIK or me suck do you that Emilia and
she spells it right and everything so
Antonia please sack congratulations
alright our second one well winner
chicken dinner
now what's funny about this one is that
I think that you just left this comment
because it was actually your name what
Emilia was II think it was the Leyva or
vasilieva flavor well congratulations we
am indirectly named our child after you
that's what you would also it's one of
my facebook winners because she said it
on my facebook too so she kind of like
doubled up their double tops so on
Twitter based ed you have to use the
baby saucony totally tagged because
that's what I was searching to tag so if
you did say the name and you acted one
of us and you didn't use to tag because
there's so much going on cuz I'm nicer
person okay this is my winner on
Facebook my iphone my Twitter my you
have two winners on Twitter too many
winners here there we go
Sarafina names she actually wrote it and
you're on in the day and then I taught
on you know you're not gonna win she
wants the first but then she came back
and here's the thing yeah now I have a
second winner Serafim MCD n
congratulations yeah and then my second
Twitter winner is Megan M at but Megan M
is her name or whatever and then her you
name is at Adriana or Adriana's mom 11
and she said Emilia congratulations and
it's my second winter because I thought
this was my first winter because the
other person came back and used to tag
there we go mm mm mm yeah
9 4 1 1 my guess is Amelia Italian roots
oh yeah she you put your brain to it I
did I do his rules about using your
brain I thought now first thing I'm just
this common okay you didn't win okay it
was mild because I think just like three
tears and comments or something doing so
many pages what I've gone to done is I
taking the real - but this is like just
because I thought this is an awesome
comment she left that I just like to
highlight this because I thought it was
cool at the last thing I said in
yesterday's video was I was joking about
Khaleesi from Game of Thrones and she
left a comment saying because the name
of the actor from Game of Thrones is
Amelia Khaleesi please
the one who plays Khaleesi see obviously
beautiful I actually knew that I had
forgotten but I knew that because I I
always thought that actress is really
pretty yeah and she's kind of cute as
well and then I went to my IMDB tour
whatever weirdo and I found out her name
is Amelia and it must have stuck in my
memory I always kind of like remembered
it but I kind of didn't same time you
know and then when she said that I was
like oh yeah it is pretty cool because
she's a really pretty girl
so yeah did I'm giving I'm giving this
person shout-out because this was the
first person that actually got the name
that said typed the name in but she said
it and she said or another name and we
didn't specify I didn't specify but when
Tyson started coming in I was like well
I want people to say it directly so JD
cakes xox Oh was the first person to
type it in whoa congratulations it's
just you shouldn't have said or Eva
that's that stuff you lost it there and
then the second runner-up who is the
second person to get it right you guys
ready
we got it right like Phooey yeah no she
got a pulley right you got a foot right
yeah Paige Louise 94 whoa
congratulations anticipations mm-hmm and
the overall winner the first person to
have written it on the blogs who just
wrote because the first one JT cakes
came in and then a couple of comments
later this person wrote the name and
they just wrote it with a question mark
and a smiley face and a thousand plus
extra bonus points because this
particular user has been a subscriber
for quite some time and as always left
do you miss comments she also makes
Beauty videos so you should go check
them out Couture star zero six whoa
congratulations anticipation you guys
are totally click you guys should check
it out and viewer leave a comment and
say you are awesome for getting you
correct first cylinders of my youtube
video because I had my 20 week pregnancy
blog go up today so I said I would do it
on my videos off so the first winner is
Allyson rocks with two exes nine and she
said she was the first one to get the
name so she said ELISA first and then
she said Emilia so you kind of won
because you were the first one to see
the name but you didn't say just Emilia
but we never specified those rolls over
does matter you what okay and then the
second person who got it completely
right you just put Emilia was miss
petals flower congratulations you won
right does she get the elephant did she
get a puppy mm-hmm that was your rule no
no no I actually I was only within 80
minutes of the video so there we have it
guys we have a name
we have a big belly we have it all we
have Scalzi of genders of your names we
are on the way we are just are we
halfway now we are halfway
20 weeks to go guys mm-hmm and we're
gonna have a new cast member on this
show I need to call my agent because I
better make sure that she's not gonna
get like better rates than me or
something crazy like that hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
