hey guys hey guys what's up in the house
of my little girl
Oh daddy's little girl whoa whoa
subconsciousness subconsciousness isms
amis oh my goodness our little girl so
we're heading into town guys because
today is the name game I never stopped
since tikona Tony's so yeah I think this
will do yeah yeah we give you guys a day
to mull it over you know mother I know
join explain the rules of the game okay
okay so you guys have to guess what
Venna name is now obviously it's a
girl's name okay so that narrow is a
gentle form necessarily what well
generate a Johnny Cash song called a boy
named Sue
so what you have to do is leave a
comment down below and let us know what
your guess is now we're gonna give you
one hint the first letter the first
letter are you going this way yeah it's
nothing
so we're gonna give you the first letter
of the name because either way whichever
sex it was gonna be it was going to be
the same letter yeah because we like
that letter it's a good thing yeah soft
into the day though it's a foul you're
gonna find it you think you did skipping
it all right that's good Oh skipper's
anyways so we're gonna gave you that
because I knew that I was gonna get this
cloth-like
letter to put over the crib initially
and then when they get their own room or
you know when we get our own house
decorate and every stage birds are we
gonna come a letter no we can put it on
the door
is right now it'll be like keep out
parents keep out look beyond brain now I
want to hang it over the crib but
anyways so it's going to be this like
last letter that I found them in like a
little suffering
so this morning yeah we called to make
sure that they had it and everything
well I'm not sure if they have the
actual letter no they didn't have the
Matt point yeah that's what we're going
to instead so that is the first clue
which will come up later on this video
but yeah whoever gets it right will has
to be ok just I noticed in a pinkie but
you know there's a lot of correctly yeah
there is probably you know everyone's
name can be spelled all sorts of
different ways yeah
but has to be the right spelling of the
name and we're not gonna make it
difficult and ask you to guess the
second name no no no that will come
after like well their surname so just
the first name no more clues other than
the first letter we won't be dropping
more clues
ok or anyone's here's the chamber get
this video watch it 10 times on the
tenth time watch the video backwards
while scratching your head and it will
reveal the name doesn't know I've
produced it that way so
you guys need to just write your guys
down below and we will read this is the
video where you like see I don't know
should we can't Facebook and Twitter
folks as well yeah ok yeah definitely um
yeah yeah because it's obviously the
Facebook group I determine leave a
comment on all three platforms yeah
winner 3 both of us leave a Facebook
thing on whatever you're moron or
whatever on my you've got my 1 or Amazon
like you don't have to you leave a
youtube comment but we will announce the
winner
if there is one cuz I feel like it's I
don't know I don't know I could be
surprised so yeah I will we will
announce the winner in tomorrow's vlog
if they if they get it if you don't get
it right then we might keep going for
another day
now you need to get it right before I
before we fill them tomorrow oh yeah you
know so this video is going up at 6
o'clock so well we'll see whenever
someone gets it right we will pick that
person as the winner if there's no like
if that person says it and then million
other people copy that person or
something and like be the first person
to say the first person I'll tell you
what we do I say what you I would stamp
everything like it yeah if you got it on
YouTube first and then someone else on
Twitter copied you or something we'll
make sure to find the timestamp of who's
that a first and what are we say you got
first overall okay then you got it first
on youtube who got it first okay winner
person who wins is going to basically
just get a shout-out from us well
say who you are your username level
blush and shower if you have a youtube
channel or something they you know
using I don't know want us to to shout
out this one yeah you can sit there all
day long go to every name yeah don't do
that though cuz then just make the
comments way harder to get through this
phone give it your best
yes let's try and really think about it
and try and think about it like we are
yeah and something to it yep I think we
got the furthest spot from the door
that's what I like to do I always like
to get the fur to spot New York Oh
Sunday's to bring forth the people into
damage support sorry do you know where
to place it
yeah where it's you know where the
crosses
Oh buddy our heads yeah oh that's a good
bit away do you tell on Sunday yes this
is Laura Ashley it cannot be Jackie
Oregon but we thought we might nip in
here they might have them look okay look
I mean a window display thinks it's bad
that's cute
before sit
huh sorry it's so cool cuz nano you know
you can actually like finding stars but
if none of the latter things
the ignorant you're gonna make their
battery nurture you're gonna put her in
better in school yeah yeah that's a job
to do whatever your parents didn't allow
you to do you make your child do it I'm
sorry
every time you walk past her drive to
Douglas ballet school leave a comment if
you ask you do ballet yeah wonder what
she'd be blind
I know no he's not blind my family yeah
oh maybe maybe maybe I don't know
bunting Oh welcome home Oh do you get a
welcome home sign and sip on something
the first time I mean Cena can hold it
up I don't think they have it here
who's the cool cow don't want it too bad
I've done a movie for ma'am randomize
cow it's kind of cool though isn't it
okay where are we going right in the
corner chef
Oh stupid puppet yeah I don't know
something cuter probably like a son
named something oh my god oh it is open
how's that going I rang them but I
didn't ask them why the tan would open
that would be unfunny no I don't want
right you know this funny G why it's so
funny they have like all the difference
they have so many different options
they're cute aren't they
I'm very cute yeah yeah it's a good idea
I feel like I want to get the house you
could try okay well I don't know if
they'd be able to it's really hard I
don't know if we'd be able to get it
easy to find his name yeah I know
alright thanks Shelly what gonna do yeah
okay guys you ready here we go this is
your clue what is the name of the baby
begins with E
and it's a girl and it's a girl
obviously god I was like in the poke and
I want me they didn't have it and they
did have one in the end it was kind of
dirty yeah no yeah yeah no it's okay
it's okay
hey I want just on the wall everybody
means more you know at the moment it's
just a letter we're gonna party all
right what do we do
I'm voting Wagga mamas what do you vote
he would really yeah did you learn
special ten yours or they can eat
well whatever you aren't then I just
don't really want to go today but a
little bitty grill to me it's the same
you know
hey you don't get can't see chicken deal
No so you know here we go it's lovely
and I got our own way guys got the
letter you want Oh still right now we're
going to deliver to you oh it's very
beautiful love it love it
what the magic that there's no prints on
this no it only opens on like Fridays
and Wednesdays there's something stupid
like that yep
what a wonderful day what a wonderful
day today that was awesome
I cannot believe that was close oh my
goodness
I've never been to Captain America we
almost went to Captain America
we're out of time when Phil and Lindsey
Rover and we went to Captain America's
but then they couldn't see this because
it was a big group of us
so I said okay pop
how many wondering yes now on tagging
your mom and Oliver no dinery man
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
the chicken quiche on burger would you
have salad and veggie burger
this is your girl but you're silent and
thank you burger me my side hundred
fries I'm sure they're finding me
forever
Oh twice in a row I like you think it
sound like that was super tasty I'm
gonna say like if we're never being one
of them before I like to feel like it
was just exactly what I needed this
exact moment if they're so like
fulfilled yeah no frills just - trills
trills no Phil I just felt like super
fulfilled after like you can't speak
chicken burger and Cajun claws and they
actually have a katsu chicken just kind
of odd I didn't get it cuz I was like
mmm yeah I leave that doggies
yeah leave doctor professionals Yeah
right let's get home you know it's a
little bit of tidbit information for you
when you park really high open in a car
park story thing and you take the stairs
down you know you just think oh yeah I
just think the stairs down because it's
like yeah just like it's almost like
you're just it's not even an effort just
like falling down the stairs and then
when you come back to that same set car
park and you're like I'll take the
stairs down my little dig stairs back up
don't don't do it
wait for the elevator oh my god why
how many flights of stairs to me had to
go up oh my god
stairs down elevators up we see watches
for the puppies look at this little baby
stuff here laughs where's there there's
the little girls where's our little girl
daddy baby I did a pool look dad that's
what it looks like
it's cute yes we were just thinking like
the van then your boys out there
watching this and you're like thinking
like oh maybe I'll date her daughter you
better watch yourself
any boys out there looking to date plan
it Oh baby no one will be good enough
ever ever my princess
but even a prince we have to be a king
consort of King Valley sea king of the
Dragons - oh yeah we're also thinking as
well you know a said that we're going to
do the name thing today or tomorrow I
cannot give you guys an extra day to do
it because I think it's kind of unfair
so it's not gonna be in tomorrow's
videos you've got like today's video in
the comments in Facebook or Twitter
tomorrow's video in the comments
Facebook and Twitter and Dan will reveal
it the next day we're here in just fair
so everyone that's like those extra
times there don't anyone to kind of miss
out on it you know
sir I've recently found guys 703
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
