don't like my creeper having Friday the
tricky guys know it's Saturday to 14 for
you guys but how was yesterday
you better matter why you got to watch
your back today yo there's someone
become an actual with a cleaver I'm so
excited for tonight gonna see cabin in
the woods what you look so interesting
that's so interesting and exciting
Cristina has a farm coming language
morning whoa
the thing is that huh nice work I like a
new leaf is pumpin I was kind of worried
about that guy
this one's coming along like a
distillate Chili Peppers and red peppers
or sweet peppers nice nice bit of
gardening going on in there
we're gonna that one thank you
I'm gonna try and cut the grass because
it looks like and I might get it done it
looks kind of study and I just recorded
a nineteen tag video my shameless
promotion Oh dizzy
yeah just recorded that and you know if
you guys if you really enjoyed it
watch it and maybe some likes and
comments how are you talking cheeky
burgers here if you if you like that
kind of video just like it's not one
it's not like a new series or anything
like that because like I didn't vlog
will be a you know and that's that's my
main thing is like I do this you know
and then you know I have a private I
have a production schedule and how
action produced is that's how like every
single day these are up at 6 o'clock you
know and you're always about 20 minutes
long and they're always put you in you
know on high quality and and and you
know there's a lot goes into that that's
like a formula that I created so I can
actually do this every single day and
deliver the I this small bit of
entertainment into your lives so I have
a process that works really well for me
I think's a lot of work but it gets done
sit down it's like I don't it disrupt
this process but sometimes I want to
just them you know I want to just like
blah you know put up video and I'm like
I want to do wanna bash it or a review
or a tag video or just something else
you know and that's why I was like I'm
just gonna use that challenge you just
randomly so like go subscribe to do it
if you want you know kind of cool
favorite and like videos if you're into
that kind of thing
what do you doing more just like blood
fun type things you know rather than
being them detector eat that thing but
yeah if you want to watch a what's up
with you what you crazy yeah crazy man
well you just think staring here what
this okay no nose no nose I'll be you
know oh it's Nicki's movie camera look
it may be camera alright just realizes
no cheeky cheeky buggers what we're
gonna eat what am I gonna eat I'm gonna
eat for my feet could I eat my feet I
don't think I should eat my feet - even
I had to get the corn sauce these
instead see if they're done let's see if
they're done have my corn classes in
ages its smoky or something huh okay
that's probably not right you're such a
trooper zina
hmm cuz there's so much bigger now and
they're like pulling at her all the time
but she just sits there like a good girl
good girl yes mm-hmm
girl ignore all these barking I can see
that you really want to go and see what
he's barking at it just ignored little
peckers need a follow-up
ignore him ignore him no no exam
no no no to helping unsuccessful and
look it's actually like come on
is that a joke every time I step outside
that door it rains if I go inside it
doesn't bring let's show you guys this
thing yesterday hmm look someone's and
this is drawing just like scenery I
definitely think it's Xena you guys see
that
look no that's so cute it's from me
Riley and like you say this little thing
like congratulations picture there's an
inside picture as well you're an inch
off the scene under five pups
congratulations on the puppies I have a
painting I sort of messed it up a bit
but sorry love your vlogs need from
County Clare yay isn't it so cute
especially for you by me Riley hmm yeah
look at her she's so cute hey yo it's
the addo cos a light situation but a
snit so cute oh thanks a lot for your
pictorial you didn't mess that up mess
it up at all Dawson never munch oh look
more freaking junk mail and stuff that
we don't need Oh
the newspaper although newspapers will
come in handy because of the puppies
right you know when they're being
toilet-training
hi yourself killed but yeah when they're
being like
training everything then will come in
handy so I'll save that but um oh yeah
totally disappointed by with this take
away okay so first of all oh you're
hungry I hate thought that there was
this takeaway in um in like Tennant not
really near where we live cut in like
the next like 10 or like village over
kind of and I knew from like just
passing it like I would pass it every
day when I was in school like on the bus
and the bus home and it looked like a
nice kind of semi fancy but uh website
amazing restaurant was a Chinese
restaurant and my friend who's been
there and everything I'm like I know I
heard had heard good things about it so
I found it on just eat w/e which is like
a take take away any kind of website it
just basically puts everything together
for you so you can order food like one
website rather than alright we live
rather than like having to go to the
individual one until we ordered food
American sometimes it was okay not great
foot it was alright and then I don't
know if you're somebody can see the
first time you ordered from them was
good and then a second that I was like
okay and then 31 was kind of greasy and
then the fourth time it was like can it
do you know and then we were passing
through Douglas which is the village
that woke me up but there's like I mean
it's kind of sprawled at so whatever
we're passing through the actual main
village the main town and I saw this
this takeaway here which I thought was
the kind of more fancy restaurant
which was kind of like in a different
part of town and I saw that and it
looked like just a crappy a little like
greasy takeaway and I'm just like oh my
god when I realized that this was the
place that we were all reading for
all the time I kept thing you were
ordering from that like nice restaurant
place this was like every be like place
you know so that's what I really hate
about takeaway he's like online doing it
online when you don't know what the
place looks like where it's coming from
because it could be coming from like the
back of a dumpster for all you know you
know so oh it made me feel really sick
when I saw it I was just like if I would
never have boarded from there if I knew
what it looked like from the outside I
thought it was the other place so I
don't do they have the same name or did
I get it confused completely ER I was
convinced it was called the same thing
but anyways I don't know so yeah I think
I have some great I really like great at
the moment so she red grapes so and we
need to go shopping because a lot of
stuff for me to get bananas and
pitabread and all those kind of basic
stuff so I know Jonathan showed this but
isn't this so cute
this little card from Annie of Riley she
made it herself it's so cute um so yeah
today is one of those days where it's
kind of boring because we were just like
I feel my video doesn't challenge filmed
a video for his channel I mean the other
one the Johnson Tony challenge he told a
copy be because I was doing the 19 run
the fast attack and he caught me so um
but his is funnier so anyways I did that
and then I was just blogging and
checking emails from a block anything
for ages on my stupid laptop we're just
like does not work properly and shuts
down every two seconds but we are not
doing anything interesting today oh
we're going into the simulator which is
gonna be exciting because I love horror
movies crap that shouldn't be one of my
five I even thought of that the other
night I was like yeah I need to put that
in because a lot of people hate horror
movies like a lot of people like that I
know like my friends or like just even
people I watch on YouTube I've heard
them say this they're like
I hate horror movies you know and I
actually love them so that's kind of a
cool fact I didn't put in my 19 around
in practice video I'm an idiot but yeah
that's a cool fact about me fact number
20 I love horror movies and thankfully
so is Jonathan because if one of us
didn't do the other one did it would be
a problem just like I just love watching
them so much so I hope this one is good
also I want to know does anybody else do
this or am I the only one when I was
little my excuse me I'm like choking on
grapes when I was little my dad used to
put he would get like a little handful
or like a couple of grapes he would put
them in a bowl wash them and then serve
them to me or like to himself or
whatever like bring them back to the
dinner table in the bowl of water like
he wouldn't drain them or he wouldn't
take them he wouldn't just wash them in
a colander anything like that he would
always just do it like in there the bowl
and then save a bit of the water so just
like this and to this day because he
used to do that like I don't even know
anybody else like my mom would wash them
all before like in a colander and then
put them in a bowl and then people could
take from that that drove him crazy is
all he hated when people would pick them
and then leaves the bear stalks he would
always have to like cut some he put it
in a bowl put some water in but then you
just never rained the water off you
should serve them like this and that's
how I eat them now and I'm wondering
does anybody else do that or is that
just a really weird thing anyways also I
wanted to let you guys know I probably
will say this in my like on my channel
as well because it's this channel isn't
like Beauty related or anything but this
nail polish the one from Maybelline the
forever strong Pro up to seven days
where is amazing I wore the blue one I
would say for almost a week and it did
not chip I have to like take it off it
took me actually a while to take it off
take it all off properly because it was
amazing and even when I seek me off like
I wanted me to get off today because I
was starting getting bored of it I
wanted to change my L color it was like
sick of the blue but it definitely
worked so I'm gonna be going back and
checking out their other colors I know
they have a turquoise as well but
seriously if you're looking for a really
good quality like drugstore nail polish
get this one the Maybelline forever
strong Pro up to seven days we're okay
because it actually does last a really
long time and doesn't chip and it looks
really really cute on as well this is
important pink I think this is my
favorite one so check those out is this
over here it's rose garden and they
smell a tasty beer I am hungry again
today is this a hint hmm probably used
to go factors you know that you drop it
in on a Friday evening already you get
home when you're like oh I'm tired
a hard day's at work and then this look
you know what is that I stepped on
what's this tasty food that you will
deliver what am I just my corner that's
a good technique I bought them I bought
them for detecting tick tick this is
what else arrived quark woman to join
Palestine flute Ilya what's that what's
going on in the news today guys it's
crime the court name is journi and the
court uses this team right I don't know
you guys and you guys live in like a
small town they do this sort of local
it's in this one but it's like they
great to like clubs and stuff when they
just like photograph people who are out
in the town and they always like know
when I first moved to Cork I thought it
was weird like just kind of stuff like
it's like just people in clubs and so
it's not science or anything it's just
people hanging out I'm so what's up
hanging out who's up who's that it's
kind of a Facebook page I suppose corks
Facebook page this is a corpse Facebook
page I can't find it Courtney's army the
echo I'm thinking of
I think that might be what I what is
that what is it oh yeah so I dedicate
the vlog and I just realized you know
this thing here that I was going on
about yesterday Joran I got confused
with I thought I was thinking of New
Zealand not the bloody Netherlands as in
Amsterdam is in you know Holland and I
was thinking of New Zealand that's why I
was like like the I didn't know my
straining cuz I couldn't think I was
like what can I got to do with like you
know : Anna the more wood you I didn't
even know that Canada was a participant
in World War 2 that much probably
because you know a lot of Americans
don't do a lot of European history and
Europeans we don't do a lot of American
history some American history I know
that there was Cowboys and Christopher
Columbus was a cowboy right and then he
was a sheriff and then he shot John
Wayne and then George Bush became
president yeah that sounds about right
but it's cuz I'm munching to go now I
heard a rumor
okay there's chicken stock pieces select
root vegetables
that sounds bloody good that's bloody
good peas you can stop pieces Hey look
the difference oh best before the fifth
2013 best before the 8th 2013 but the
fifth back in here and we lose the
excitement films like guys Oh Lake House
on the Prairie what cabin in the woods
as my deemed colleague here I put it
yeah it looks pretty good I would say
it's gonna be really good
well it could be really bad the same but
I know I'm not going to still um when
the opening nights and then I love her
I'm gonna do cinema theme ladylike I
spend about four or five years never
going to the cinema probably when I was
near
had no money makes sense and then
recently I went there and I was like
gone I think it was Tron was the first
thing I'd seen in years like when's he
trying to I was like hey no I get it
no I get it this is better this is
better than sitting at home it's louder
it's more of an experience and then you
get the hi-5 person decides it down they
don't normally like it when you
high-five because I don't high-five in
people's eyes unless you know the people
beside you but then they already to tell
oh my god just do that usually just
juice what no oh
sometimes they don't like that either
okay saucy pad just looking pretty saucy
okay it's time to pay it out the fridge
this is getting ridiculous
ninis can take over supervise a ssin
chop up the pepper or just pop the
pepper in no we'll chop it up you get
the rice in the go what are you looking
for you for Chi Chi Chi a waiter I'm
just in cases no that's why you just
need him to show baby
Freddie gets that from me know I like
stop dude I'm a softy that's all food
right Balak Bay leads to fridge oh look
at that big lump of ice that's probably
part of the problem
okay let's remove the Big Love ice
because the water was like building up
here and everything all right um
fish think I'm crazy there is water
there folks that's just nothing no I
have how is the best way to remove that
oh right this is the situation pick the
water
oh stop it the water and I'll plop it
and we repeat this for quite a long time
so eventually we bailed out the bridge
nice nice pepper cottage get a gum out
of the smell of a fresh cut pepper mmm
you know we're gonna have that pepper
soon prime modulus is gone red peppers
are prepared meal that we prepared
together out of love even though joke
this got annoyed with me halfway through
cooks spoil of them bras there you go
guys huh when we first start together we
would always cook together it was so
cute and then it just like that was all
pretend romance you know
oh honey those vegetables never marry
there is like that's not how you cook
vegetables come here and see no it was
so cute she was like yes you are
she was like sitting on the stairs like
halfway up good nobody had taken the
pups down they were still up in
Jonathan's room and so she was like you
could tell she was trying to be like
where she could be
wanna be here with the grown-ups but she
also wanted to be near her pups so she's
like halfway on the landing and I was
like you know what you're doing so I
brought them down and she's feeding some
of them so we've actually started eating
at the dinner table which we never did
like we only ever did it for family
Friday which by the way should have been
today but um my family's busy so that's
why they're not here but um I hope you
can imagine like Dublin but yeah so you
started you didn't get out here it's
weird it's like weird like it's not
it's nice I like it I mean when panko
had commas we probably we will probably
have to do this yeah I'll get the thing
my sister hats together so I should I
show you guys that think she has this
like little plastic potty almost that's
nice yeah and it just sits on the table
and then the kid just sort of sits right
here on the table instead of being on a
chair and that's really a cool idea
mmm it's going everywhere oh look here
we go
defconn right okay oh look a rated
system that sounds good
trying to get Instagram shots but it's
not working so we resorted to the torch
and default you get that one it just
look like a mess you got a medium and
kind of small little water can't even
see the water
torch after stop anything like pop quick
that's for shizzle end up eating all
your popcorn before yeah well what if
anyone starts its popcorn yeah yeah
don't get dirty during the boot debate
yeah go see it if you want to go see it
guys if you have a choice go see
battleships battleships is awesome
battleship sorry sorry I apologize go
see ya go see battleship if you have an
option if you don't have an option
bring a good book explain what it is
it's a unique situation
oh we just that removing little Tesco
maybe yeah Watson shows me get home oh
yeah this is back I like the stir fry
you've actually done really well for the
last
we've actually made a dinner
within a week like
Earth Summit right oh I love the rice
I love the rice where is it and here
what come on like we should just stock
up and vitamin or something I was never
here is it cuz at a time that we come
here
I don't want wait watching ones we still
have these country kitchen one see we we
had her tiny teeny aren't you an Irish
pride just to kind of learn what
someone's along and kind of once their
whole grain fortified with vitamins and
iron know what what would you put a sign
here and I actually have none see that
that's what's what's this yes I would
like to - for three please yes yes yes
please no you not want a midnight lunch
now in a midnight lunch midnight lunch
bunch are you you having a midnight
munch
I wouldn't say guys like go see the film
wanna go see it I'm like it was good
points to it you know it was like it was
funny you know it's just I think it was
just the ending that just was like why
but not gonna ruin it you know it again
it could be I think it's kind of fun you
know it's different which is kind of fun
you know I thought it was gonna be more
like the funny games us if you've seen
funny games us you know what I'm talking
about that's right Karl is gonna be more
like so Josh will them did it that's the
guy didn't Buffy and stuff so it's good
do you know she do to me like so yeah
I'm gonna eat this bunny okay yourself
bunny control yourself bunny I catch you
guys tomorrow tomorrow for another
awesome day tomorrow it's gonna be
amazing guys you have to tune in
tomorrow I don't wanna I don't want to
give away any spoilers but trust me
tomorrow it's gonna be amazing
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
