you know what's really frustrating
sometimes is when you really want to do
something right and then you set your
mind to it
and then you're in the process of doing
it you know like a pursuit of happiness
dream you know that I have for you know
I have sort of them you know I said a
five-year goal and I completed that
five-year plan and then I had a sort of
an overall ten-year plan so after the
first five years was done because in
order to complete like you know the
ten-year plan the big plan you have to
supply these winged sometimes you gotta
just but this ain't cat your chickens or
something like that but you know they
gotta like work on the little ones and
then I got the five-year thing and it
was done and I was like oh my god like
company but got here and then the new
plan had sort of started you know it's
like what the next part in your journey
of what you really want to achieve you
know and then sometimes you know when
you're in between stages of getting
getting that tick you know sometimes you
feel so like it's not like you're
waiting around which are likes very
slowly chipping away at this massive
boulder you know and you just so slowly
your chip and you're just thinking like
am I actually getting anywhere and
actually chipping at this tiny team you
know cuz I have like a tiny teeny little
pickaxe
I don't why the type I love had a giant
huge pickaxe but then it wouldn't be a
challenging adventure with it so you
know I really want to crack this Boulder
I really want it and I know that I've
given myself playing you do have to do
it but it's why I'm sitting here
chipping away ever so slightly and
sometimes sometimes you go to bed you
wake up you know what happens the
Boulder repairs itself you're like what
I spent like ages chipping away at this
little bit and now it's gone ahead and
repair
south of like oh my god then you gotta
take it you little pickaxe and like pick
yourself up make yourself strong and
sorry but no way you know and that's him
that's why sort of I'm at the moment you
know sorry picking away at my big
challenge that I've set for myself my
journey you know and I hope you guys
have a challenge or something in your
life you know Ã± even if not like you
know try and try and make yourself one
you know don't don't think arrange ously
you know think it's do you support like
is it passion even surpass a genius or
get out of college like you know and get
a better job trying get promoted like
you know I don't know just something
that you really want to do and if you
set your mind to it you can't do
anything you know I believe that you
definitely cannot like the secret or all
this kind of stuff you know like I don't
have any vision boards or anything like
that but I do have a vision brain let's
call it and I don't know just I just you
know I was at I have people that I can
sort of look up to you not look up to
you but not even idolize I call like I
am you know I look at someone I think
like they there's elements of their life
that I really like and then I try to
figure out which parts of their life
that I really like and then I tried to
emulate that by not taking over but you
know like trying to figure out how can I
get to that place you know and so once
when I see them and then I'm just like
oh it's so fresh they're like it's never
gonna get there this is ridiculous
that's it but they don't leave okay oh
wait I am yeah and then it's kind of
like oh but then you know you just gotta
buy your time and you got to work slowly
chipping away with your tiniest pickaxe
in the world and then you know
eventually don't rock will crack you
know stay strong we can crack this rock
together guys I wish we lived in a
country with weather that was like just
warmer and nice because I feel like I
always you know put so much effort and
stuff into picking out my outfit every
day and then when it comes to like
leaving the house I have to pile on the
and then by the time I'm done you can't
even see the cute outfit anymore like I
wanted to just wear a t-shirt leggings
and my accessories and now and flats and
that was it but I had to put on a
cardigan a scarf which I don't feel
really does anything I mean you know
it's just like it's not wasn't part of
the initial plan like I didn't want to
wear all this stuff and like it's just
so conflicting cuz it's like the weather
right now I think it's like this all
over the world though cuz I keep seeing
it on Facebook from like different
people saying that it's hailing all the
time it's like it's so sporadic or
something it's like it's really sunny in
the morning when you wake up and then
suddenly there's like thunderstorm
clouds and like hailstones and it's just
crazy and then it goes back to being
like this which is super sunny there's
jovis but you know what I mean like why
can't it just stay white why does it
have to be bipolar why can it can you
not just a one-way nope yeah that ship
if you're in court that's doctor you
need a big quite blue kind of cruise
ship hanger thing I don't know what it
is but it's always doctor I was just
driving by and I was thinking like
that's about like a quarter of the size
of a battleship like that feel I'm like
although it didn't really give a sense
of this just in normally in size because
I was on a battleship well the aircraft
carrier you know that JFK John Francis
Kennedy it's in it's in New York I think
it's still there leave me a comment if
you've actually been on the JFK because
I remember I was walking on the flight
deck upstairs
there's this tiny little thing right I
don't know what it is I think it's maybe
where the planes land it's like where
they hook in they catch your cable mr.
Langer like a bajillion miles an hour
seriously bajillion google it but Julia
miles an hour I don't fit neither a
bajillion miles an hour and then this
hook comes up and it sort of catches
them it's like okay I'm right and it's
near the edge of the top where it kind
of goes up the runway and then it kind
of half off I think when they drop I
don't know how it works
but um I fell I tripped on it you're
talking about the entire runway on top
of this aircraft carrier which is like I
don't know like two miles long with not
a pump we're talking like as smooth as
this and one little thing I was walking
a lot and I tripped on it like oh my dad
just like kind of
me like as I go oh my god cuz like
Europe like I don't know like you're up
very high but this thing is huge it's
like a city uh John F Kennedy in New
York and every went on to a nuclear
submarine which is docked beside it
which was like I'm never going on a
submarine it's really like I don't know
you just feel like it so yeah it's
definitely made for small people though
so I was okay but I'm yeah
and then there's them a space museum or
something decided where I got to
actually sit in the the the rover the
lunar rover that landed on the moon
so I mean we should go there we should
go to New York what do you think you got
this well hey buddy
you caught me small - no I'm five say no
wait I'm five I'm five five point five
five no what are you shrink I know well
I didn't know I'm trying either the
doctor oh yeah oh yeah Oh a second those
hair does hair Heights count
you know so all goodness so as sons over
yeah sons over that's not just close
that up there oh hello I'm so nice and
warm this morning and now it's our
battleships battleships
bidding in which our people never been
this close to a sign before guys at the
motorway sign
everybody get that close enough
don't run a bit shabby their shabby
along here
gorgey overseed I'm here whoa Wow all
this mess
someone needs to clean that up look at
my hair kind of puppies let it grow that
can grow it out you know
I'm gonna grow an afro I don't even
think I can grow a nap okay
but I understand
I like are nice and long to look for so
long I'll be a beautiful princess people
come from miles around to see the male
Rapunzel Robert pungho
that's the Griffons oh very noisy very
noisy out there you know we were just
talking about I'm just walking the dogs
I'm just walking the dogs guys I don't I
don't know if they miss on an OP but I'm
trying to think like should like I
wonder how long we could take ibn Sina
and leave the puppies on their own you
know I got an OB to do that yet
or not you know it's fine we've seen
this there or see them out there final
like I just don't know if we can leave
them in their own like
yeah but what could go wrong looky here
did he go wrong but I think if they
start squeaking for their mom and then
the mom doesn't come and lick them or
something isn't like she just went over
it reassures them that she loves them
you know they need a lot of reassurance
waiting secure you know if I'm like I
guess I just miss like going into walks
mom or more selfishly for myself and for
the doggies I liked that you know and I
feel I kind of missed that or like
should we try and trick Albie and bring
out before the fish sorry for him you
know
he hasn't been out like and you guys
breed dogs come in the same situation
see most people out probably a breaded
dog don't usually have mom and dad so
they're all we have that problem it's
just that we have died and died sitting
around twiddling his thumbs like like I
don't know nothing has changed for me
nothing zilch that'll be like when you
heard the baby and even just lying there
you'll be like Cena he's lying there
feeding and I'd be like what's the craic
what's up come on Abby let's go ahead in
the town let's go party whoo party
people and now like an was it they got
to make the dad scream tonight film the
trailer without leaving me for the air
what to expect and expecting from the
tree probably gonna see speaking on
films with no seat you know we're gonna
check out tomorrow but you guys are
gonna be watching say tomorrow which is
for you guys today is Friday the 13th
done then
oh yeah are you afraid of tomorrow huh I
think I was born on Friday the 13th all
makes sense now doesn't it yeah don't
worry Friday 13 1980 our movie is
Wednesday that's her Dean 1980 no come
on tell me what day what question of the
day
can you name in 1980 when Joe Faso
entered the world on February 13 what
day was that question of the day
somebody's gonna go ahead and steal my
density now
so yeah we're gonna see a cabin in the
woods
whoa it looks amazing it looks really I
thought it was just like a normal horror
fasting and I was like I don't see it as
predator teens and you know what it's
the opening night I love going to sit
him in the opening night so if you are
watching this at 6 o clock all right and
then your ticket I might just nip down
to Matt and point later on tonight and
watch that I'm gonna be there I'll be
the guy that you don't a scary thing
happens you don't know that it chose the
popping up I got excited you know like
I'm just about going everywhere you know
you'd be like trying we're gonna he's
not with me he's not with me but looks
really good leave me a comment if you're
gonna go see it leave me how many gonna
see its Nike throwback sled I ran out of
render of oxygen Nations I have
oxygenation problems here
can you replenish my oxygenation Thank
You world this free oxygen out there
seriously
it's clean look at these guys do these
guys no fair oh ha ha
they got beer in the end that looks so
nice
walking the dogs
check this out liberation of the
Netherlands May 5th 1945 awesome I love
that era so did Canada and France
liberate the Netherlands or is that
different Netherlands no no it's just
information
you came with an information booklet
leaflet visit us online at liberate 45
calm a proceeds of all will be donated
to the Royal Canadian Legion and support
of war vets support you sir Canada from
Canada don't bomb Canada but it was a
song from 10 25 euros free shipping all
right I think is that I think it's a
competition or something I'm gonna be
the street idea information we just
started on my business celebrate there's
also chance to with one of three prizes
grand prize a trip to Canada and a
flight in a world war two Avro Lancaster
bomber do I get to drop bombs now be
kind of fun none oh my god like
battleship huh can I land can I can i
trade my World War two Lancaster bomber
for a battleship question price to art
of all my things from our fro Lancaster
a V or or a sharp teeth model like it
like a hot model a bikini model was that
or a everything mother I'm thinking
airplane model or an article Lancaster
Hat t-shirt and like that's a t-shirt
like this one I'm gonna guess like this
one here guys you should enter this how
do you enter tell me please check out
look like 45 comp more details
do you guys want to see Tony yes again
go ahead just kiss it kiss her
come on kisser this kisser whining
whining kisser
okay you can that's one bad guy enter
enter and win a Bonner you can win a
bomber together guys
liberate 45 calm or facebook.com/ for
drug liberate 90 see you guys are
totally inside so I checked to Canada
would that be from Ireland
does that include seven jobs than a baby
if I'm in a bomber can I bring it home
do I get to keep it
that's my question that is so cool and
then I don't even know today I don't I
don't know it's like the Netherlands is
in like Australia Netherlands or started
different Netherlands like he's not in
Netherlands in like you know like
Newfoundland in Canada I don't know I
don't know a lot about Canadian history
all I do know you guys made some
sweet-ass syrup mm-hmm you make some
really good TV shows a little flash
point man what else you know about
Canada
my sister lived there for a year
Vancouver Film School was there
DFS oh yeah I was almost going to do my
Master's there but see her see her and
decided I chose love and what else what
else you know by Canada there's notes of
awesome subscribers there to have
Mounties thank you
yeah monkeys the new we're like red
jackets Mounties and they say yeah
what's that funny word they say they
always mark people over a boot is it a
boot you turn in South Park right this
is not a big diplomacy this is not a big
Rolly ah
hey let's try now could be an
opportunity to get the grass clerk to
let you try actually I pulled it out and
start raining I put it back in and
stopped raining I pulled it out and
start raining I put it back in and
stopped raining
I'm thinking about doing it now like
this I know are you kidding me
it just started raining are you actually
kidding me it was not raining a moment
ago when I was at here oh my goodness
every time I think about it it starts
raining it's like a game it's a thing of
a nature play why do you put your games
mother nature the Redmon's of the ladies
tea party hmm look the ladies had a
ladies tea party used my new cop Vickers
well he is the new little thing Oh
and once a day was not invited to this
lady's tea party the great did spot
healing I will take this away from the
ladies the ladies cancer too much cake
otherwise every lady needs too much cake
she turns into a gentleman fact right
what is this oh my god it's moistness is
like insane laughs analogy is a banana
cake
there's no flour in it I refuse to eat
this cake no forever take me where
so she's almonds instead of flour Oh
Emma no crazy is my thing you know my
fishy sauce smoked you smoked haddock
and David stole cheddar fish cakes yeah
I made dinner yesterday for Anna and
them I think she is now adjusted to a
leisure she's a lady of leisure a lady
of leisure so when we put with this
though and I put with it get with it man
whoo uncle B knows an easy opening oh I
love those buns the boil-in-the-bag ones
they're like the easiest ones to make
ever forever then you guys have am one
of those soon as yeah and you guys have
wondered oh is that rice Mickey things I
know when I was younger we used to have
to Sam it was like let's call my mother
and ask her what was that device and
sport there after you like twiddled you
turn the thing around or something you
know it was a big plastic unit I don't
know what I did but it's like back
before like this I love this like oh you
want some rice there you go oh is it for
two people sure no problem
there you go OOP oh wait a second how
many people per bag okay
well I just made that before so I yeah
okay so if you are one person yeah okay
if you're one person and you're making
this way you need to go out and you know
like hook up with someone just just go
ahead to a club or that should be to
pickup line oh my god so you like
dancing yeah
I got one in the vise rice bag baby
and it's it's only for two people I
can't split that huh what do you reckon
should be like oh my god yeah yeah baby
I want to kick you I want to do it let's
make some rice yeah I like dancing
together yeah I'm gonna go make my rice
and refugee cakes going on in here our
daily update daily pup dates today leap
update shadow I'm sorry
oh I know it's a stupidest iPhone or
whatever what's going on munchkins
go ahead bump in Cena
cannonball skimming that hmm pulled his
hair hello there hello there girl let's
go
no no she's not gonna stick out wrong
let's take your tongue weight on each
other Oh tongue in the Box that's my
book
not mine no puppy anymore
as mommy's puppy now so can I have all
these ones which one can I have Cena so
you know you can share and then she's
that nope Becca she can have them all no
no where do you say these little eyes
are gonna pop open yeah it squeak its
peak he's in the middle of his own oh
she's like chewing on your scarf or
something that's the coolest feeling
though holding a puppy isn't it pick it
open you feel like what it's like the
first time you open your eyes there's no
way we'd get that on video is there
although we saw one of them opening
their eyes I think one day we'll
probably wake up one of them will be
like look I'm gonna what's up they say
that here though hearing comes after
yeah provide you like you get there the
moment you know I done yeah are you like
the laziest dog ever she's in grandma's
house know that your phone's got mental
when the Apple thing comes on you know
it's not it's not a good situation
maybe someday in the near future we'll
get you a new iPhone iPhone 4s for
everyone we're accepting iPhone 4s guys
Cena if we sell one of your pups we can
get like two iPhone 4s
what do you think of that which one are
you gonna give up Cena pick one
they're going down there is it would you
rather have this or this hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's can don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
