all right when we pop in we pop friend
you ready you ready see the doctor
good afternoon friends because it's
afternoon time it's not even morning
time anymore it is half past two quarter
to three actually quarter to 3:00 in the
afternoon
Alessia woke up from her nap back 15
minutes ago here she is
the third is closely hi hi and wait till
I show you guys her hair oh it's growing
and it looks like mama was right because
mommy's always right
she is a little blondie right you
probably won't be able to see in this
light but look at this hair guys look at
this hair it's like it's not white blond
like mine was like white blond but it is
kind of like Eduardo's kind of blond
like an ashy blonde like ashy dark
blonde I think that's kind of looking
what what its gonna look like
okay so kids are outside it's actually
quite chilly isn't it doing great Oh umm
but Alaska I just realized that we never
like bring her buggy out like it's
always in a car so I'm going to grab her
buggy like her pram and see hey guys um
Ben Jonathan's car just tried to get it
out of my own car but it's not American
Johnson and but I just think it would be
cool if like she could
being her buggy and just yet sly for a
bit you know okay there's a car seat in
here that's random
oh yeah I think that was a one of media
went on our play date you know when you
point things in a bucketeer car that you
never even realize we're in parents Jon
herb the mortals Koufos hoodie right
when I said Sun Hat herb oh no that's
what I used to do with you Eric huh
I used to take you to my friend test and
everything you know or that have in your
pram ask you is that okay I'm going to
take these is fine hi Bianca I know
just take it hip-hop card in case it's a
spell no such look see I everyone hi
everyone didn't oh you're so cute last
time now it's fast I now know what I
realized this girl is not spot off at
all today
I just survived a bus to light the death
of yeah but seriously she husband not
one bit
today I've been rocking shorts all day
it's not really Schwartz weather but I
just really felt like yes it was so hot
no skinny change right yeah I was so
then today which ended up being not as
hot as yesterday I just was like a long
work short order feel restricted all
mm-hmm
that's right that's right now I'm going
to go over on your boss just kidding she
might leave her no you're gonna come
with me and you're going to have naked
baby time on the floor and then I will
run your bath okay I'm joking
well I'm joking back again I'm back
again back again you're so cute okay
let's go hello friends and welcome to
the evening time boys are dressed gal
guard wah Eduardo tell everybody what's
wrong with your ear and my ear hat
she's your her staff surgeon he doesn't
sound convincing tell me where does it
hurt and Fisher is it tiny the aisle at
this one is really
really Ali can you describe to the boys
and girls at home what it feels like
Oh me me owie
yeah so for the first time ever guys I
didn't even know but this about you can
ring 1 1 1 for the NHS it's like arrows
off the service and it's amazing like
definitely like we were both like so
impressed with it because we call it and
we got straight away without talking to
you like I'm a nurse or something and
then we you know she's able to close
right off record I know and then choose
and then we Chen we went to like some
other person who was able to check him
and escalated and now we have an
appointment a GP in like 20 minutes in
our local hospital I'm like that's
amazing service I never even knew that
so I don't know if it other people out
there didn't know that one one one it's
like for non-emergency stuff I was like
really impressed with that anyway we
have an appointment at 10 p.m. which is
in like 20 minutes at our local hospital
unless and we're going to bring into our
to them because he has a bad ear
infection and he woke up crying after
you put him to bed and you know he has a
bit of a history over to where he's
gonna be escalated so we're gonna go and
see the doctor and he's going to give
you something to make it better but what
Dad what what actor at the weather night
what's the way they're like yeah what is
very hot Eduardo they have to wear what
your pajamas are okay and you can wear
your pajamas okay is that what you're
okay for you okay yeah very good you
don't it sound like someone who has an
ear infection maybe I'll just go back to
bed away okay no shall we yeah yours
watch TV you want our TV so watching
some Fargo well I'm going now but let's
go Eduardo well it's going a few minutes
we'll go to the doctors bad you did
wonder the windows it just around there
doctor brown bears
let's all go to the doctor system though
what yeah we're going in the car on
Daddy's car for a midnight adventure huh
ha ha your avenger hat you want you want
to get an adventure hat yeah well maybe
at the doctor's will get an adventure
hat huh no I went to go long you've
already got one it's too cool - right -
it's like it outside is it nice I'm
melting I'm melting
I have serious melted going on oh my
goodness it's like it's like all day all
day boy second offense she goes miss it
okay droid Oh get the aircon on blast it
okay
don't want music on oh I'm saying dark
like that what do you what do you want
uh slow your microphones it's over oh my
goodness
I know I know other people in another
country who think like 30 degrees is not
a lot right here in the United us all
the kingdoms 30 degrees is mental mental
all right let's get any doctors all
right let us go in here now Eduardo the
dr brownbill speaking imagine that I was
actually a doctor call doctor render all
right
he's very Hospital like exactly like in
Peppa Pig all right mister for the part
you don't
all right let's get ourselves a ticket
here print one off okay do you know the
last time I actually was at this
hospital it wasn't a miscarriage this is
actually where and first time I know for
the miscarriage but this is actually
where we went afterwards to after we got
pregnancy just confirmed that the
pregnancy was viable and everything was
fine
yeah I was last time I was here my
goodness
anyway like that I think you are in much
too good of a mood mister you're much
too good of a mood to be a sick are you
sure you're not faking us are you faking
it lardo now will be the time to come to
come and tell me
what no you have an ally
all right let's get my handies and now
it's fine now fix your car oh yeah
little TT mmm all right mister where are
we going let's learn across the grass
don't tell anyone okay it will be our
secret little adventure daisies step up
oh okay all right can we pop in you pop
by friend you ready you ready see the
doctor
Bart isn't open main engines is locked
we go in a room somewhere in here for
you yes Annette with you to that you
hear what oh look ready to go here I
think that in my basket all right ocular
keys we're back in the car and we got
some everything's gonna be okay now
Eduardo Wow
burger go room for room and and it
turned out the doctor the doctor
wardo watches our videos so thank you
very much doctor I won't give her too
much information but um yeah that was
cool that was really nice huh you gave
your doctor didn't tell me you guys are
doctors what your goodness that was nice
anyway let's go home and tell mommy -
good news what bad news or bad news word
Oh surprise I did
Oh
you know
