happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy one week birthday to little
junior and the Fatso's and squeaky
junior squeaky and the fat sauce
it's a nickname some bad there never was
any junior squeaky in the fat toes it's
their birthdays you know when we gold he
survived the week yeah
you've gotten someone bigger I know I'm
tiny there's so much that could go wrong
I know look how big they are now I think
about how scared I was like the whole I
know because people kept saying like
usually one doesn't make it yeah
they're probably all gonna be dead no is
that you know with that a litter that
big like there's no way but they did oh
yeah I said was like all you need to get
like heating up and all this stuff and
formula and everything we're like just
we just went exactly just put the best
dad and he's like yeah and he said like
do ever natural life it'll all work out
like it's fine like don't over em yeah
yeah and we didn't and we did and tada
yeah is he drinking off her mm-hmm why
don't we try to drink from I was so cute
because I like didn't get in but I was
like leaning over the edge like looking
at them last night and it's just amazing
like they can all feel the warmth of
somebody else yeah I know yeah
and then they were like nesting in my
scarf and I was just like okay I don't
have any like nips maybe like they'll be
adults by the time she comes that's so
crazy like Shh don't say things like
that once they do about that we don't
talk about that we don't want to sell
them too late there's so many of them
right now I just feel like you know when
you watch like even that pageant show
yeah and the only thing loads of that
yeah and some of them have like 15 dogs
and stuff like little ones no we're like
Sharon Osbourne has like but that that's
that's why I said like that's welcome
said that if we owned our own house
would it be guarded I would definitely
eat I wouldn't even question it but I
can't ask my property about I want like
no it's just we're not in a position
yeah like we're like probably a year off
that or something you know it's like no
I wish you are like I'd love to keep
them he's so cute I know like you know
they're their work so I'm watching right
oh you can tell them there was so much
money but like girls as well I know a
breeders dreams I know I know I like to
have to have like Maltese puppies and
then to have their like all three or
four it have five Maltese but we have
five or four female all of these puppies
is like we're gonna register all of them
like either way I said that was like
telling us all about it so I'm like if
you sell them for registered female
Maltese it's like it's so it's crazy
like you make so much money but I just
don't care about that it's not worth it
cuz I think like that no no no that's it
we're not professional breeders were
just mom and dads
yeah you know I mean breeders like they
look for the money obviously yeah more
so than and we just did it because we
love dogs
we wanted a friend for allegan see now
we got five well you know the owner
getting like now we have like squeaky
jr. and the Faso's
you know yeah yeah squeaky yeah well
we've got 12 weeks - a long way in 12
weeks well probably this is the twelfth
week we're in Toronto no the 8th or the
9th oh yeah so definitely after Sorento
so we're gonna happen in June yeah yeah
it's ages away it's not what you think
well yeah when you think about it it's
not it's gonna be in two months
it's April there's one month in between
seven what he's I don't know because I
know that I'm gonna be 27 weeks when
we're going yeah because I figure today
because I was like okay
can I travel and it's fine so yeah and
I'm 19 weeks now with eight weeks this
is that we always known as a fashion
video going on this everything later I
stripes is it
it's a funny you just come to your room
was like girl later and you know that's
a you know guys until you know they just
call the vets there and he was like what
are you doing and I was like well
they're week old today
shouldn't like should I bring the man or
something and he's like no I'm like he's
like therefore are they are they growing
I was like yeah are they happy and I was
like oh yeah a pretty happy he's like
I'll see you in about five weeks come in
and five weeks or so and I'll just give
him a quick look over and I'm sure have
fine it was like on I know you told me
not to call there's no funny
we are running after so eyes if you want
to relive the moment looks amazing the
operate now I put warning graphic
content at the end just so nobody
watches it and and gets all upset and so
yeah it's on their channel I'll be the
Maltese I filmed my video and I got a
worst you know when you got like a blind
spot like your eye just kind of like
stops working I know that it sounds
scary but I know that it happens to a
lot of people cuz like you just get it's
like it's like you're seeing stars or
something and you can't like one part of
your eye is like it's you have like a
blind spot that happened to me and it
never happens to me like maybe like once
a year or something I remember it
happening to me in school once and I
couldn't see the blackboard and it was
so bad but um okay I have a hair in my
eye and kind of get it there but anyways
um so I was doing that and then now what
was happening throughout the whole video
so I don't know if it's gonna make me
look cross-eyed or what and then when I
finished I got like my vision came back
way everything was back perfect but the
only thing is that I have a reef pipe
splitting headache now that always
happens I get I am sorry I get this like
once a year or something and it's just
like the same thing you get like a
really bad headache after and it goes
away eventually but I don't think this
is pregnancy when I get it by the way I
think it's just me um so I'm making my
lunch now but I said you buy that a cup
so I'm gonna make so we got some good
mozzarellas yesterday I'm excited to try
these
because the other ones we got were so
weird and then what else Tomatoes I
think I might use where's the new
tomatoes because we've got like new ones
but maybe I can't find them for some
reason okay that's weird
you guys are getting a really good look
into my fridge right now huh that's not
that tomato oh I know where they are
they're down here nope I don't
yeah there it is oh you need to open so
that I can and then we got the food dr.
pit up red because I don't like the
other plain ones they're so boring or
something they're like I don't like them
so yeah so I got these organic Tomatoes
I'm gonna see if they're better and if
they are then I'll find them please
oh yeah we should that would be a really
good idea sighs I know how come you
didn't eat like half your Apple I've
never liked being a fussy eater it's
like a child I would eat everything like
I would eat anything and um I hope our
child is like me and not you because you
would have fuzziest eater ever so let's
hope she or he doesn't learn English for
me doesn't learn fooding from me what
else can they not learn me dancing I
hope they do get you're okay not that I
hope they let's see if you can pick I
hope that they get if it's a boy I
wouldn't mind if he looked like you
/ - girls thank you
oh you're a cute child and then the
trophy baby yeah and then um yeah I
wouldn't mind you know if he looked like
you I don't know what a girl you would
look like so probably yeah so I mean I
would love a girl is kind of girl if she
looked this way if she looked like me
obviously I think that's what you want
doesn't Harry you want to be able to
like relate and connect so let's see I
hope I like them to get your athleticism
is important because I was never into
sports at school like I would do like I
was active like it was an active child
it was never like an a lazy child or
anything but like later on as I got
older like a teenager I never did sport
and you did yeah and I hope that they
get that I mean I don't care if they do
or not like this not it's not fair but
like I do I would hope for their sake
that they get that and then also yeah
and I think I would like if they got
your like want to say caught like I
think I'm confident too but you're more
confident in terms of like being like
you're more street smart than me yeah
like why it was more like sheltered I
think miles just because I kind of have
to be I don't know if that was in my
makeup or as that in my operating that
gave me that you know no but you're
better like I don't know you're more
like street smart or something whatever
you are you're pretty better book smart
you know I'm gonna have a bit easier
yeah oh they take after me yeah
okay think I don't care if they you know
go to college or not but just to us
girls go I don't follow you she's just
went crazy like who are you more like
Cena yeah people say that but I don't
think so I think in a lot of ways it's
more like me yeah I'll be is more like
am and like whatever you aren't quite
cat like I know that on the blogs you're
more like energetic and stuff but you're
actually more when you do have more
person than me I'm more like anxious
yeah like stretchy and stuff like that I
don't know yeah but I relate to Cena
more because she doesn't she's not as
like needy or something and I was never
needy as a child ever yeah that was not
another joke yeah but Albee is needy and
then you can calm him down
whereas I think I just stress Albie air
a lot of that's why you sometimes growls
at me where she doesn't care that's
funny why panco go I have a good balance
you know because you've got your crazy
Stressless and in my show that what it
was like to chill down or to stress T
yeah you know when you've got like a
violent oh yeah he's your favorite one
mm-hm
you can take that one home with you
doing the awning oh that's so cute what
I would speak
you happy you don't get in on the fun
yeah you know it's okay I just don't
want to be forgotten about it so cute
irony so much bigger if you haven't seen
him in a couple of days mm-hmm
so much fun just to watch they're
probably gonna open their eyes yeah it's
only a couple of days now and we get
some eyes open action yeah and then it
said that like they start recognizing
you so they get excited when they see
you yeah videos are like running out of
like Dave did you know what do they do
they because they don't know what Axl
they're after you like trying time as
depends yeah probably
it says they become more active they
open their eyes they're open their ears
and they start playing together and I
started venturing away hastily I had to
walk the moment they're just munchers
healthy they're so cute on you hear the
little noise they make it so cute as
well there's nothing right now
I like the widows oh my goodness guys
this is my ass this is my review by do
it we're just waiting battleships I am
like a horse Nina into seeing us thank
you very much I think it was probably
the best film I've ever seen in my life
it was non-stop
explosions and oh my god it was like the
most amazing thing I've ever seen in my
life
no time no time I want to I want to be I
want to join the battleship I want to
battleship and little battleship guys oh
my goodness I need a battleship I just I
don't know go see it go see it if you
ain't that kind of thing what do you
think as a girl yeah
who's like the West better thought it
was closer to being like Armageddon
nothing has ever been as good as
Armageddon since Armageddon came out but
that I swear it is like the music and
the non-stop action and the pace is
really good you know it's a lot of times
those films they rush things and this
stuff you know I thought that was really
nicely paced they're like I think
there's a good bit of comedy in it you
know could be good personality the
actors were all pretty convincing but
yeah well the action and um you can see
has both did I tell you guys the
Transformers oh my god I was crying in
the end hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the sakuni Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
