what to do at all
mommy was kind of stupid last night I
left that outside thinking you know
we've been having dry weather it's fine
I saw I remember specifically remember
seeing it last night when I was like
turning off the lights and you know
setting everything up and going to bed
and I'm thinking like now it'll be fine
yeah it rained last night so it's gonna
get rusty if I don't bring it in but the
thing is now it's soaking I don't want
to bring it in because it's just gonna
soak before so I kind of have to wait a
little bit until it dries off a little
bit so hopefully it will and um yeah
just looking at it the diarrhea that sat
on our patio which is quite splendid so
um I need to clean that up
but um so we have everything hanging
right now which isn't ideal because I
still need to other laundry and the
plant is growing so tall look at me I
think it needs a new pop now maybe
depotted so I'm gonna make my lunch and
this is gross for some reason I don't
know this never happens but we've got
these from I don't know was it Dunn's
maybe maybe cuz it was done is instead
of Tesco but um they're really dry so
that's not good so I just don't my
pregnancy blog video so check that out
if you haven't already that will have
been up yesterday for you guys so um
yeah I just filmed that and I took fun
pictures and we were like oh my god the
bump has really grown when I can't
because we've been distracted by the
puppies and everything we just kind of
forgot and Jonathan was taking the
pictures and it's really only when he
takes the pictures and sees it through
the lens is when he because obviously if
you're around each other all the time
you don't notice as much that you've
grown but like he was like oh my god so
big now you know so turns out my doctor
was right because he said specifically
that I would probably start showing
around 20 weeks that's I remember him
saying that like that when I was like
I think I was like eight or nine weeks
when I went to see him the first time
and I remember thinking like no way I'm
gonna prove him wrong you know cuz I
wanted to show like sooner and he was
right
I think because I really think it's only
popped now like around 18:8 around 18 to
20 weeks and then I'm three weeks
next week I'm 19 today but yeah I think
he was actually right and kind of funny
then you knew that can you based on like
my I don't know but cuz I really thought
I would show like sooner but nope so
yeah he was right you should always
listen to your doctor because China's
our keys right I beat the system guys I
beat the system last night because I got
up at about four five four and six and
then I met seven and I brought her down
each time so there was no poopies nor
anything down there last night and I
made sure like kind of forced make sure
she drank loads of water and she had
loads of food and stuff each time before
and after this is her hardener up her
system and I got no sleep but she is she
solved she's fixed there's no pooping
mistakes upstairs and I just supervise
an old stealing their outside I was
watching her and a good solid poop came
out which is like yes so that's exhaust
getting kind of worried cuz reading like
the trash old days now it's like if she
was to continue with the diarrhea
we'd have say like brings in the bats
himself or she had to get some sort of
like vitamins or our arms you know what
aren't yeah that's aren't you know
something in her system like fiber I
don't know
and then yeah some risers are gone oh no
poor little thing like one it is to be a
perfectly fine hey yeah I don't want to
have to go to something else but yeah
bingo-bango so I'm really happy with
that there are already happy but check
this out look I'm actually gonna go now
and I'm going to buy some plant pots
because these need to be taken out but
look at this an actual thing is actually
growing what's the call again
Crozier it
look you can actually see one little
time when you can't because of the
lighting and stuff so it's time to take
this out of here and put it in and look
what else happened ah Chile is coming
along like givin up hope
under Chili Peppers and look at that lo
and behold
huh look we came this morning nice no
sign at the end no sign of the sweet
pepper yet but Chile is coming out and
these things are like motor in law so
I'm I'm gonna definitely have them gonna
go buy some plant pots I think we've got
I think we have three here yep one two
three no four and then maybe this is a
fifth one not only sure I suppose I'll
just try and dig around it like the
thing said em I don't could have hole in
it because this thing still can be
effective for the rest of its ones that
haven't German G is going to look after
the house he's a little good morning to
the puppies huh look up baby I this
morning thinking so big all the time you
know in a couple of days they're gonna
open their little eyes and he's gonna
open their life first it's gonna be so
cool and then you get their little eyes
gonna open and then they're gonna be
like running around it's gonna be so
awesome
now why I mean because the Sun comes in
there yeah so jivin isn't the heightened
state of emotion I'm not a loser
it's like he's like it's huge argument
about putting them in one room or the
other and then it's like why are you
being so crazy like it doesn't matter
you're like you're so mean to me all the
time I am in a heightened state of
emotion I was like you do realize all I
said to you is that I think would be
better to put them in the kitchen yeah
rather than in the living room because
of the temperature he's like no I think
you just apologized to me and tell me
that you love
do you just fight all the time for the
first month is that all you do you just
hate each other and Trump lot each
other's deck or something horrible yeah
it's like we're guys a cup of coffee
don't you dare speak to me like that
like two hours yeah and then Jonathan's
trying to say like no no I was the one
who did everything well yeah but then
when you went to sleep I did everything
he took them out to poop like a couple
of times and then afterwards you ain't
sleep and then I kept getting checking
if they were alive or not having five
babies and that is one baby and it's not
even like you know oh you don't need to
check because so I'm sure people would
be like you know you don't need to do
that like that's a bit of an over what
over-exaggerated no I don't know what I
was saying you know what I mean
but um it's because I was afraid that
the room was caught and Sina keeps
leaving them now it's the same way with
our doctor guy and we're like well can
we hear the heartbeat thing ever he's
like yeah everything's fine he's like
you can eat whatever you want just don't
eat too much of anything like just do a
back sir sighs just just do everything
you're doing fine and we're like can we
see the baby hear the baby like is it
still alive yeah it's like you just get
like that you know it's saying with the
Pope he's like then sometimes they like
so still and I look over at them and I
just give him a little prize yeah she
that's why she keeps like leaving them
coming up to my pillow because that's
where she normally sleeps and then
she'll just like conk it and I'm like
another puppy start squeaking and I'm
like oh my god why isn't she going over
to them you know when I'm trying to like
make sure they're warm and everything
but last night I looked on my pillow and
she wasn't moving
Sina wasn't and I was like oh my god
maybe the diary I killed her so I went
like like that her leg and she didn't
move and then I was like she was like
watching her stomach and then I saw it
like rise up and you know
you're breathing and I was like oh you
she was just so like so so so that's
what I was able to pick them up last
night I picked up all the puppies and
Sina while she was feeding them lying in
the bed and no one moved
she was so worn out like I think she's
just so happy she's bad at oh no more
diarrhea so tired because those dogs
aren't supposed to have so many puppies
I think they're usually having like you
know two or three some Maltese only have
one puppy five and she's such a trooper
yeah five full-size healthy dogs yeah
girls and one boy like truth the girls
are already like huh
noses right am like black and stuff do
you can see on the eyelids is like
darkness they're gonna open soon like oh
yeah she's such a trooper and she always
interested him she always feeds in lunch
yeah but just recently she's been
leaving them a bit more and I'm sure
that's fine but I'm just like shouldn't
you be like every few seconds if I see
her awakening like shouldn't you be
feeding them but she might have been
feeding them like just before that's
going by a pot once it's own house now
look this is ten rainbow pot tree turkey
rainbow pot almost be obviously these
tree
come on they got a hole in them mm-hmm
but they don't have the inner peace they
should like instead of gone like it's
the pottery one should be just get like
the plasticky type ones like I'm sure
you have them here some way you know to
brown plasticky ones
that's the drainage dome hey this should
do yeah she definitely did a job it is
freezing do we need a little chicken
anything I like this again pull it long
the grill Channel I don't think we're
there yet
that is cute these are so cute look at
this guy I know a garden gnome that's
mean guys what are you doing it's like
you're such a weirdo you're in here with
it and it was on sunny day yeah here's a
tick great no insulation you know it's
don't you think that was just because I
was trying to head it I couldn't see
anything on the screen
excuses excuses I just think these kind
of things are really cool
so vintage is not
clothing doesn't even work here
and you think we should look inside
thing you didn't say like and try to
like it is a bit dark this is nice
it's a real stove looking thing and then
like I know what's this one Oh sounds
really nice
cream canes nice no white and stuff
oh this is the dream lads what'd you say
oh he has the Texas tourism is this nice
guys this is what I want this is good
you can you guys can watch when we buy
the house and they actually have our
kitchen setup like this you can make and
remember that this is the time when I
decided that this was the house I was
going to get was this day that's awesome
I'll take it where do I sign here is
this the last of our compost teas ready
is that's the easy part it's a tricky
part
but you see did you see them hello
chiles all right I just carefully take
this out and you see this one's natural
course that look what oh my god that's
so cool isn't it all right that's trying
to take this out
Oh God we're not killing it okay
operation transformation so cool and
there we go I've taken the ones that now
I found a couple of more little guys in
there so I just sort of evenly spread
them out
can we round pop and here we go one two
three and this is kind of a to see but
they were so close together that I
didn't want to pull too much em I want
to pull them apart too much so I just
kind of said fine you guys can live
together you don't be friends that's not
gonna fly and then this one here and
then this one here a little small in
there but em I didn't want to jump him
in there so I was like I'll give him a
chance on his own but yeah how cool is
that oh my goodness like from when we
actually got this room we got this thing
and then we've already gone to the point
where if actually put them in little
flower pots that's so cool courgettes
are awesome guys they grow so fast
also look I got a watering can it's a
little kind of small a little spout
isn't that kind of cute I don't want to
get like too small and then running at
two bigs I figured like look that's like
the perfect size for them and for this
Thanks Viraj office is moving on up
oh my goodness oh my god what the heck
look at that
can you guys see all the hailstones oh
my god it is like so crazy out here what
the hell they even come from look we're
at earlier on it was kind of Sun you
know do you guys wanna go outside you
want to go outside play in the
hailstones I don't think so
mental is that has been Tolia sweater so
now it's completely out of chocolate and
then I remembered about those two
bunnies nice like this is really common
sense
Kathleen sitting here happy asleep a
bitch me hmm the boy let's get on over
here huh did a bit of munchy time is
everyone got nippies I'm sure everyone's
taken care of
um three white why if you're not gonna
nip get in there get in there
everyone's getting some lunch good girl
Xena you clean their bum bums mmm thank
you this they all crazy for a much
yeah you're heading into the ear area
I'll give you a hand there's security
you're so crazy
you're mental oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
what's so funny and from a free-kick up
again eight years ago I think it's the
boys on top of the girl whatever
I know oh oh oh
leg stretch they're so cute hugging I
know I strained get it how are you doing
fat so bad though he's huge
look at her he's over don't I want my
own space I want my own room get your
nose it's like almost oh yeah oh god
yeah one of the big girls and then who
are you all three of them have black
noses Jonathan oh wow developing so fast
oh that's a black nose too
this one yeah yeah yeah
yeah but not as not as much not as much
and then it's this little boy over here
- boy 1 oh this is no oh no I can't wait
for the dog that is I know and then
they're gonna jump out of here and then
they're gonna be running around it's
gonna be so it's gonna be so chaotic but
so much fun
hey the boy just has like a smart look
he's like pelvis or something it's just
so small like look hers is really white
yeah yeah because he's the only boy
though you've nothing to you know you've
nothing to gauge it against maybe that's
a boy dogs are like and they're smaller
but they definitely tend to move
furthers notice that now she's got a big
booty they look more like dogs now so
you're the in the venture um seals
swimming oh yeah
okay I'll be it's your turn to feed the
puppies okay it's your turn to feed the
puppy Xavi okay lie down
get your nips out love you you're the
first copy of me you're the first bubble
he'll always be the puppy whoa
kisses Oh kisses yes come on give mommy
kisses kisses kisses give mommy a kiss
because how you give everyone a kiss
let me out no that's that's how I got
all the puppies
how many kisses me kisses Cena kisses
Cena kisses kisses yeah good girl
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
