oh my god - last night right we reached
the pinnacle of Cena's um situation like
this she pooped on like both our pillows
and she pulled on my hair as well I was
like oh my god is poo in my hair there's
some more poop over here that was second
I'm it all splashed off the boring thing
when she disinfect never going to dump
all that stuff now is that Brenda okay
yeah Anna's named this Brenda case you
didn't already know it's Brenda yeah
yeah yeah yeah he's all right down there
I no idea what it is is that when the
dog needs to placenta apparently it
gives some diarrhea so it's kind of it's
not really normal for after birth - for
a doubt - diarrhea by that I think it's
kostina so small and she ate five
placentas so obviously and you know and
the puppies are stripping her of all her
vitamins and calcium and all that kind
of stuff so but at when I brought her a
night it was like actually fire I was
like so I saw her do it I have full
vision and it just like fires out when
she's outside she allowed it to happen
so she stood that like like a fountain I
was like on oh my god
then during last like a couple of days
you know and he said make sure there's
no blood or anything yeah like there's
not like it's just poop and it's it's
like light brown Penna - yeah nope it's
a better with it what it does it cleans
out the womb and the tract and all that
kind of stuff so that's part of what's
happening on I understand like make sure
that she's that you know she's acting
like a normal happy dog and that's
exactly why she wouldn't even know
there's anything wrong it just seems
like yesterday
all right the day before at 6 a.m. she
did it last night at 6 a.m. she did it
again so
and then you got a 10:00 a.m. so what
we're gonna do is I'm gonna stick the
alarm for 6:00 a.m. tomorrow
tonight or tomorrow morning and we're
gonna wake up let's head to five to six
I'm gonna bring her outside I'm gonna
try and beat the system oh my god just
like hey I heard you for you as I
thought what's wrong right oh my god she
walked in the room you're like oh it
doesn't seem to be anything I need and
he just looked back I need you're like
oh my god there's guy going why
all right what's happened is I got okay
this is my plan I fill this with some
really super hot water I'm gonna pluck
this little bugger in here there it
should now I say should should I get a
wooden spoon or something why is it my
opening
why are you not opening and you have to
kind of like oh yeah look it's oh there
we go
okay oh god it's like it's stuck okay
now we should place the poo pillows in
here
oh god this is like old school so easy
to do right when I was a kid because
when I was born to them there was no
seeing it's like washing machines or
anything you know we that basically we'd
go into the field and we collect berries
and then we would start a fire with the
stove and then we get the local witches
to come up oh my god pillows certainly
absorb water oh my god oh my goodness
all right Brooke
yes if you are ever in a situation where
you're on a boat or something you're
here to find yourself in the middle of
the ocean and there's a pillow nearby I
do not hold on to that terrible because
dams or the lot of water and that I got
all my water's done they've just
absorbed all my water that looks really
cozy well I get in look at these guys
it's like and then I have big massive
growth that whole big one just popped
that sa race cuz I'm after that side are
they yesterday
this thing is motoring around what you
don't ask them when I wake up they
haven't like German German g-dragon GTFO
whatever it it the word is and they grow
or whatever up another that's hot but
those ones definitely did germinated
that's it you're the germinator
I am the German we can actually see the
remnants of all the stuff cuz look the
water has changed color to a moody Brown
darkness right now is draining these
because these oh my goodness is one of
them because these have absorbed so much
of the water just trying to drain these
out but like you can actually see how
much that has actually come off oh my
goodness
hmm oh my goodness Albie hmm all right
squeaky screech squish squish oh look
it's there so it's herself Mary pool
bottom I guess are the children and all
the children learned not to have poo on
their bottoms and then you have to dry
look at the emitter water dripping off
them like that's insane
they collect so much water I have no
idea how long it's actually gonna take
for them to actually dry I don't know
that it'll be dry today it's not
it's kind of cold but gots to be done
that's to be done huh look it on I did
she'll go to she'll probably show y'all
this later but doesn't it look so pretty
no it's Oh eastery did you go on your
Easter comment look alright time to
deflate good even I'll get the whole the
thing is gonna die let's be a quicker
way let's be quicker right
seems like only yesterday I was blowing
this up for the pups next time we have
somebody take this out before a little
panic Olga maybe which is sitting in the
garden or he's in Oh
whatever you guys doing this is your
first Easter huh it's your first Easter
Sunday Oh big stretch is so cute no
black nose a couple of there are loads
I've already grown a bit there's so much
bigger than any one of them yeah we
delivered them like look at them now
it's so crazy how fast they grow
what do you guys think of my he stressed
setup isn't it so cute I was like so not
prepared for Easter this year at all
and just because of the puppies and
everything is being so busy and like
usually I would have probably gotten
like Easter baskets for the dogs or
something but because there's like puppy
isn't everything it's just it was just
too hard didn't even get like stuff for
an Easter egg hunt and I'm Ken aside cuz
my mom isn't here and my family isn't
here which is kind of weird it's the
first Easter like of my life that I've
spent away from my family so that's kind
of sad those pillows are like look at
how much water is coming out of them
they're gonna take a lifetime to dry but
um I really like my little display and I
put like little things that real bar
like little Easter decorations there's
an apple this little chick here I put
all the chocolate eggs and the bowls we
have our mint bunnies that's my one and
that's Johnston's one and that can be
pink oh this one no cuz I like the white
chocolate so that's why I've got the
white one another Easter decoration
they're kind of all over I just kind of
hung them everywhere so you probably
can't see them but when people whenever
if somebody opens the door something
Airacobra door they will see
so yeah it's like four it's like four
o'clock and I haven't had lunch shift
because we woke up full we woke up at
6:00 at 10:00 and because it's like all
the nighttime disturbances I remember
looking at my clock my phone at 10:00
and I was like link it up now and then I
was like no I can't
so we ended up getting up at about 12:00
noon
when most people are probably totally
going for their Easter meal but um yeah
so as a result no see the tournament as
a result of that we're probably hi
they're probably gonna eat very late
today it's just paint very very
slow-moving basically sure but that's
okay cuz it's Easter Sunday
you're like relax and Easter Sunday and
don't hi
are you doing peppy I'm so cute you're
such a good girl and do you like my
nails I did them to match my shirt and
um I don't even know if we're gonna go
out today well we need to feed the cats
obviously but um yeah I'm not sure I
don't know what we're gonna do okay I
think sometimes she just wants her mommy
isn't that right yes you can have the
end of my tuna if you want okay all
right you can do it outside
you can go peepees inside one little
thing has diarrhea
what was she didn't outside
I bet she's gonna yep there we go right
on the mat nice see that just sprayed oh
my god that's sick I feel so bad for her
Jonathan viciously goop coming out of
her bum Jonathan hold on we're gonna
have to wash her again oh my god oh poor
Xena
oh we shouldn't have diarrhea it's
really sad
hey my lunch noon they don't have to
probably wash up that yeah she's back to
the door I think I'll shoot I could see
her tail was down and she wanted to go
outside
and at first she scratched me
she's sad like being sad about it like
she came home for you it's like no and I
was like okay I didn't know which one he
picked up and then she just went outside
and she just squirted it everywhere and
she even went like behind there to do to
finish off careful old guards just
walked in it it's on her foot
oh my god
hey what did someone say but our leader
something in memory of all time
good night - Mary I always read that
washer sorry see that sort of an Easter
Sunday a special kind of day and I have
one of these special ones so horrible
peppermint honey vanilla whoa that looks
really good sleepytime let's bring out
the best when happened today
Oh lemon zinger which one let me just
let me just line it on that right and
you guys can pick which one okay so your
options are sleepy time
counter mile lemon zinger honey vanilla
kalamata and peppermint they see the
honey vanilla camlock is actually a tea
that I drink I have somewhere in there
the actual honey chamomile and so I am
which one do you guys want I think we're
gonna go with the honey caramel would
it's crazy to come on like a little
package look Oh three tea bags or at the
screen there I thought there's just one
in there and I was like what that's
crazy
all right so pop them in here just cause
it's the Easter you know it's like a
special day cried the old one hand
problem imagine her hand just came in
there yeah like why are you holding the
camera wait whoa whoa oh my god it's
been amazing
fill it up Joe give it up Joe whoops oh
yeah oh my god it's so strong oh I gotta
enjoy
it's the small things are like they're
like job you guys small things in life
hope you guys are all having an awesome
Easter time used to suddenly Easter
Sunday give it a water for him sometimes
I find tea kind of dehydrates you back
crack's yo yep
you gotta fill it and we're gonna secure
the place is like a baton dance book
just like no one here oh my god is that
crazy I've never seen my on point so
abandoned like apart from obviously our
car and a couple of cars up here heading
into the back entrance because the
actual and car park is closed who's like
going what the heck what the frak man
this is like the walking dead three The
Walking Dead episode 3 season she is in
court in my hand points look at mall
cannot believe this I actually ran up to
you thinking like and I was I thinking
like oh I'm gonna get the PAL zone with
the Robin
you know industry came in yesterday
there's like that was like I got no job
in my commanders I knew
Sunday
it's kind of a
there's like so many people just like
open
were you here on Sunday actually waiting
for breeches load the tables free like
do I wait I'm like a rock all we always
think for a degree in that no tasty
coca-cola we decided to go on and let's
oh yeah this factor this factor 10
bottom that we never gonna end
ever ever
ever ever I never I never we filled them
with you we got these before we got the
bottomless before but I've never
actually now I've never taking advantage
of the bottomless miss you know
bottomless RV we fell
we should expand our needs it is like
holding the thing like yeah you know
things like bring it on in
we can never really see it now he's not
completely fertilizer they look a bit
odd in the sitting room
yeah if we had a city like that it'd be
kind of cool you know I'd love a scene
like see all the wood over there I never
really cool butterfly chicken sweet corn
and fries
you are in a veggie wrap
I got a foreign live chickens you can't
have a vlog without some time with the
puppy what begins now can we let see
what's going on here what's going on
here with this one on the top
Lucy's one on the top sort of just
hanging about Windows Oh God
sorry sorry about that
lucky thing squashing them in order
mmm-hmm what's going on let's oh no the
black nose I think that's cool look it's
a little black nose Ella crazy oh it's
gonna Linda gap fill in the gap on this
so good just the cutest things in the
world guys you're so cute in order to
focus now have you ever seen anything
cuter I miss a little bugger here
oh I'll be is this what you see okay
what you spell okay
it's my nose gets my nose hang about big
bearing is little held back in and it is
so good it's so funny you going to check
coming to check on them mm-hmm
how you feeling huh your poop I'm okay
yeah hope you're feeling better is he
nice mmm-hmm he's about to fall over I
think he's about to get squished off
look at the hand just like abandoned use
one heading back over
are you meeting is eared uh-huh yeah oh
you're just so cute and it is so cute
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
