who's that
wait that guy over there huh incited
Ana's at home with the puppies in the
toilet I'll just bring you that for a
little jaunt because they haven't really
been out and they could probably use a
little bit of exercise a little bit of
exercise
cuz I feel kind of sorry for more kind
of cooped up but I don't see it as more
obviously has a better excuse to be
cooped up before little Alex listen so
he Y doesn't understand who I am why he
has to not go for walkies so we're going
for walkies are me yeah just a little
kind of walkies around the little Park
here just to get out for a little bit
you know
cuz I think they'll be fine for like 20
minutes on their own without their mommy
the parties are squeaking and stuff in a
few minutes I am and I can deal with
that I think it's good to give her a
little wash this morning as well come on
she got a blowout
mm-hm wash it a blow-dry because um she
kind of eats their poopies and then she
has her own poop isn't a mess and then
it all just started turns into a bit of
a bit of a poopy situation so but she's
all dry now we've heard a little walk
and we're gonna go to the pet store
because we couldn't have planned event
it said to us it's like you know you
want something small for like the first
week you know something because I'm the
bed we used and he was like all that's
perfect because you kind of want the
puppies to be really close to her you
know if you put like the you know the
birthing pool like we left them in the
birthing pool and all she did was like
gathered him into a corner all the time
and he is like now I don't worry about
that it's like just you can just them
put them in like a small bed so that
they've nowhere to go and then he said
you'll notice to get the bigger bed when
at the puppy start getting out so last
night
the puppies realized they could crawl
Bob Sina and out it was like right time
to get the bigger bed so not that much
bigger just a little tiny a little bit
bigger just so am because they're kind
of growing and then the next stages
there'll be any better we sign they'll
be out anyway on their own doing the
wrong thing because they have eyes this
is about ten days to get eyes and cell
phone in this I get an adventurous so
I'm looking forward to that time my hair
is mental we have this new conditioner
it's really good but it makes your hair
like really soft which is awesome
just like blowing everywhere in the wind
now you all go to my new house these huh
no puppies Oh
everyday I will not be a virgin huh
you don't have puffy oh because see they
can you see a puppy are you cleaning
them and she's dated them all right you
guys gonna mine the house I'm gonna get
you a big bed you and delicious
domestics which avi does not eat so
she'll just give you the whole thing
yeah
I missed the summer
another fun is in the shower this
morning I've spent about 45 minutes to
an hour because it is cold I don't want
to get out because it's cold so I think
summer time equals shorter showers so
for the sake of Warner conservation
worldwide they should make it summer for
longer if that's at all possible
probably not but it'd be kind of cool in
it maybe that's why they invented
heating
oh that was a good invention all right
we're tiny teeny harness let me this
throw on huh huh oh yeah tiny ones here
we need to get 500 yeah we need to get
like five of them now hopefully we can
bring the night like for a walk this
week oh maybe maybe tomorrow for Easter
Sunday
we got a little tiny baby harnesses for
them oh goodness oh goodness me right
beds look at these ones that uh pretty
cozy nice
I'd like what exactly the same though of
the one that we are no no this is very
particular
we raised this knob I look at this
that's perfect I think
yup but then they're a you know I know
if I if we got something too big just
like the poodle thing she's oh yeah oh
hell
I'd like to go in that thank you how
much is she 100 million euros that's it
isn't it
there's no other thing that's what you
want though like just a padded area
pretty I think $34.99
yeah 34 night I'm sorry
29:19 that's a little taking one step up
get the big one I suppose I don't know
no I think I'll be putting her in there
she might get annoyed because she can't
snuggle into them but then in a week's
time might that be too small but then in
a week's time are they already out for
weeks I suppose then go at the bigger
one
you know because even you could probably
you definitely fit three full-sized
Maltese in ashes you know like Xena
Albie another one you know so I'd say
you could probably fit um five little
ones nothing else really it has to have
ages that's the important thing because
she likes to lie against them now these
are cat beds mm-hmm all right
that's the one so that's the one
sleeping district oh I like your little
wake Owen huh I let the cat look for a
cat
I get the one each separate them out I
know we have the crates of tonight yeah
we did
crate like you know that's up to like
you know if we am like if we end up if
we have to give them way like we're
losing them then I'm the person who buys
they can put in and credits into them
like you know it's not really our like I
don't want to put them in crates like I
don't wanna get my way
but I don't know we can have those have
a dogs oh nice and tasty lunch guys look
at where they came out fancy like that
in the little tub nice let me just go
ahead and take yours
what
oh sorry I was like I'm even in your
crisps that's our thing I
as I am so tired we went to the pet shop
and as always they were amazingly
helpful with information Mac you do not
pet stuff and then I gives like so much
information about like bottle-feeding
and stuff
no it's crazy
- crazy okay guys we'll tell you all
about it in the car because right now
there's a radio playing in here across
the road is a radio station that is also
playing there is three bits of music
being played into my ears right now it's
very confusing I must be on my way okay
we need to get loads of carrots the
Easter Bunny Easter Bunny is coming
tomorrow
I did actually Easter Bunny came and eat
soup money it was like I don't know if I
can make it on Sundays so I'm gonna go
ahead and give you guys a shipment and
shipment of chocolate we're thinking
maybe like an Easter treasure hunt for
their puppies tomorrow or not the
puppies
the Daleks tomorrow and you know when
did she wears it take her in the garden
with treats and stuff we could dress oh
my god we could dress them all those
bunnies yeah yeah week a week or so or
maybe tomorrow morning they'll wake up
and they'll be like a week older oh my
god are they almost a week old yeah
four days almost why is it every time I
get into something then they stop stop
yeah look it's gone the food doctors no
no the food doctors out the doctors out
well might these my country kitchen well
maybe maybe they decide to stop for
their Easter weekend you know maybe the
bunny they come on or something I don't
know I don't know there's too many
variables in the equation doctor are
just nice there's our bag plus our own
you can't even see that plus the puppy
food because the guy was explaining that
I didn't oh we have to bottle feed them
but it's honey for like a week or two
we're gonna have to bottle feed and
which is kind I'm really looking for
that like oh my god we're gonna like
hold them names like you sticky little
finger into like make sure they're kind
of like just here and it's not open
there Matt and then you get stick a
little pot lalana's like oh my god I'm
so excited to bottle-feed the puppies
it's coming so much you know we were
saying like I can't wait they like grow
up and stuff as well look at this hot
girl hot mama she said she's not hot hey
lady you want to come home with me wanna
come home with me lady
I've got puppies yo oh my god we should
just totally steal children they're like
put a little box of puppies and if I get
a guy like come on children don't you
pay for puppies I wake up like every two
hours to check on the pups cuz I'm
always like so terrified that there's
something gonna happen and you know so
far Cena's really impressed me like
she's never allowed anything to go wrong
or anything to happen but you never know
so I'm
concerned and like I told you guys with
the stock incident yeah probably because
I don't I don't know because we don't
know like vlog goes has not gone up yet
so I don't know anyways um
so last night out of it 6 a.m.
Sina woke us up because she was like
bouncing all over the bed she was like
flying all over the place like going up
the stairs down the stairs like Internet
at the bathroom like which is crazy more
like what are you doing and she has been
a little bit like crazy sometimes with
her nesting thing where she like you
know start scratching and like ripping
up papers and like ripping up the sheets
and everything so I was like maybe she's
just going crazy nesting but we're like
half asleep so we didn't read we were
like Oh see now whatever and I thought
like she was just taking a break from
her pups or something because she does
that she'll like come up the step the
little stairs we have it set up like
that so that she can like feed them pull
up the stairs
um sleep you know with us for a little
bit and then go back down she always
says that so um that's what I thought
she was doing but then she was just
going totally crazy and totally insane
and next week
she's got actually it's funny when I say
it now I would've wasn't funny at the
time
she went down off the bed and I hear
just like racing around in the room and
stuff um see Cena is not as vocal as a
lebih and she's not as not that she's
not as well trained because she actually
is well trained but I'll be almost three
and she's only one and a half so you
know there is that difference but I'll
be will let you know like if he needs to
go out or defeat babies or anything
he'll always scratch on the door she
wasn't she was flying her in the room so
I didn't know and next thing he
runs down onto the floor and all I hear
is this Lake squirting sound like you
know like pings coming out of like it
was so good and I was like oh my god
because I knew it was like some kind of
bodily excretion or whatever here so oh
my god yuck so we drew it on all lights
and sure enough she had squirted like
she had really bad diarrhea and she had
squirted it all over the floor no I was
like I didn't want to say I've got it
all done really bad for her because she
was trying to tell us all along like
that's why she was flying everywhere
she's like trying to tell us that she
needed to go out but she doesn't know
that to do this on the door and
sometimes I'll be buzzing border or her
like they'll be dance Terry's and she'll
just be sitting out the door that's what
she does she just sits there so you
can't hear her if you're upstairs and
nothing I'll be widowed and he'll like
do his little thing and then let her go
and then we'll let her out and he
watches her and then she comes back she
does her business cut it's so cute the
diarrhea is normal that's because she
her system is being depleted of
everything because there's five puppies
and they're like just stripping her body
of nutrients he was like it might be a
good idea to those two German Shepherds
yes it might be a good idea to feed her
the puppy food because it's got extra
like nutrients and extra how many
proteins in this stuff which she needs
right now
so we did not know about at all we were
like oh my god
I don't know our vet never said that I
guess it's like what has that got I'm
the dog it's more like something
somebody's like good to be honest I'd
prefer not to give yourself your sanity
something's because I really tried to
make it as a natural like the dog
naturally produced and naturally can do
to themselves
yeah so we just bought the same because
we buy a really high quality brand we
provide the Royal Canin which is
supposed to be like that of the science
planner who likes to be the best so we
just bought the same one except the
puppy version and we also we're like you
know asking about the milk and what's
the best like weaning those but that's
not for a while so we don't have to
worry about that yeah oh is this Xena
huh we transfer our little friends this
one Habib are you missing this
no what do you think you're not actually
take this away you shouldn't yeah she'll
try and put them back in get a new bed
for the puppies oh good girl seen that
boy for a growin puppy look at this
one's trying to either I think I think
it's good it's hairy like a dog oh you
like that
Vina like that wait in the corner yeah I
know looking for an F he's my friend
a big dinner already so much bigger
already you know what we should have
weighed them in the beginning yeah well
we didn't know our weighing scales
wouldn't weigh down I know Oh baking one
I'm baking them wet it worked
bp's outside oh you're my best boy
mm-hmm yes you are there will be peace
Abby look at the size of the little
puppy foods nothing decide to him oh my
goodness like they're so small
got a little Coco Pops or something in
comparison to the ones that these are
for like small doubts and you get them
pretty small little bit anyway already
but these things are like so small wanna
come in what oh hey look at these guys
do you think it is huh you think is that
oh you want some how me like that it's
new nothing lb no no lb Toby no he
doesn't want any no isn't that better
huh funny these are those galley items
over here
thank you tired I'm just so mine they're
having a munch oh look I keep they're
like a fast if grown like they're so
quite already
alrighty knees do you like your new bed
spend about 10 minutes like ripping it
apart but I think now she's find it it's
suitable she's so cute they're all so
cute in there in two days
how'd you die how can you parties oh
you're tired you like it yeah good girl
okay so I am just preparing some dinner
for us tonight we are having fish again
even though we had fish yesterday we got
fish from McDonald's which technically
counts as your Friday Good Friday fish
you know cuz you really see we're gonna
make this button now we're making this
tonight instead so we are making one of
our new favorite things which are at the
birth life a fusion isn't their fault
it's this it's just like salmon Phillips
with like lemon and herb and you just
plop them in the oven for 25 minutes
okay
baking nice neat we're gonna put that on
for but 25 minutes
mmm yeah that's about it okay and then
that's what you really cool because it
pings and the oven turns off when it's
done and then we're having this
Mediterranean rice or sorry
Mediterranean vegetable rice so it's
brand rice with men training vegetables
and you get like eggplant and like
zucchini and peppers and all kinds of
yummy stuff in there
so that's just brought like thawing cuz
it's it's frozen and we don't have a
microwave you're supposed to do it in
microwave but we do it on the stove cuz
it's probably better for you if you do
it on the stove I don't know because I'm
not really sure about microwave said my
voice must be really bad for you like
cooking in the microwave supposed to be
bad and I heard as well that if you're
pregnant you're not supposed to like
stand in front of a microwave because
the radiation but I don't know if that's
just a myth or not I have no idea
anyways so that's just baking for 25
minutes and then I'm gonna cook the rice
and that's our dinner and then um for
afterwards I just got like popcorn and
um oh yeah I got the
some organic mixed nuts I'm trying to
eat healthy at nicked because my time is
usually want to snack the most so trying
to get healthier like make healthier
choices especially because like you know
there if you're wearing a baby and
that's pretty much it and then we're
gonna have we're probably gonna watch TV
that's what we always do it's kind of us
it's kind of a boring Easter weekend
because none of our family is here like
my mom's at my grandma's house and yeah
so that's kind of sad and look how
amazing this is look at that it is
growing so much also I am washing she
seems to me she goes in this little
corner and she makes a little bit and I
don't know why hi doing you freak
she's like nesting in there but she
can't have her puppies in there cuz it's
like way too small and cramped but
anyways umm so this originally was
alibies bed not seen as they kind of
share it though they share this one in
the pink one yeah you do where's your
puppies go and your puppies don't forget
about them okay good girl you're such a
good girl and kill everybody at the pet
shop was asking all these questions
about you would think I was so nice
anyways um so but it used to be
originally alibies bed so I I'm gonna
put it in wash tonight not that part
because I don't think I can wash only 20
Cal but um yeah I'm not gonna do that
I'm gonna put the inside part in the
wash tonight and then put it back in his
bed and now she's made her she's kind of
claimed the new bed as her own so cuz I
want I'll be to have his bed back and
stuff cuz it's not really fair and like
I know he's feeling a little bit left
out so um I'm just gonna wash it dry it
hi
here's the whole cute Twitter go peepees
twitter go peepees outside
treat ah I give you one of the treats
that came yesterday from Durbin ah I
think was durable yeah
there's less that's the bakers and she
yes she did she did okay here you go
there was so cute a pet shop there are
these little girls after she was a girl
envoy and they were peeping at their a
little like dog collar like tags because
they have like all different kind once
they have like my little princess and
all these kind of wait cute ones
here you go sit good job and they were
peeping like there's been like half an
hour to kind of pick at the right one
for that God was so cute and everybody
was asking all these questions that L
B&C not beeping and they're just super
nice in there anyways that's enough now
so I'm gonna wash his thing like I said
and then hopefully he will you know use
it again because I I don't want him to
like smell the puppies and I'm just like
not use this bed anymore cuz he really
loved that bed so um yes you need to go
back and mind your poops like a good
girl look at good mommy okay
good girl good girl
are they all yours they were earlier
today they were like covered and poop
like their own poop was so sick and then
she's supposed to like lick it off and
like clean them and everything yeah ya
know now they're clean again but it's so
gross I know that once they get older
like we're probably gonna need to get
well we are gonna need to get like puppy
or plants and like all these things but
um for now they just pee and poop a tiny
bit expired more there's no
their eyes it's gonna be awesome you
know I can't wait
thankfully I found one on the floor yeah
that was so pointing that window with
Ali and he was like a sleepin and it's
not nothing underneath him a good
Brandon what happened like it blocked
out of the bed onto Alvey and he freed
like he was just like frozen like like
he's scared of them because I think he
thinks they're little mice or something
and look that one's got a really fat hmm
yeah big fat though I do let's see if we
can make it the boy I think the boy is
this one right here because he's a
little bit smaller but he's not much
smaller but like compacted this one he's
doing me you need to stop stealing on
the nips okay
and dinner is served
that's what it looks like looks really
good oh my god that fish looks so yummy
I'm trying to post a picture of it on
Instagram but for some reason it keeps
failing it always fails in this room for
some Oh
finishing up okay good oh no it always
fails in the kitchen for some reason oh
my god nice in the bed so it's a little
bit cozier oh I put my picture posted
yay
and we're gonna watch fringe two more
episodes left it's just one of our
favorite shows how come you get a bigger
fish than me I did not now that one
looks bigger they came in the same tack
I'm gonna write the birds eye and make a
complaint
yeah it ain't funny you know what these
do Sookie it's just look at you guys all
day long it's so cute
okay you guys you mind a house what you
get a Netflix or something yeah I'll be
good boy so you like totally forgot to
feed the cats so we better go and a feed
the cat onehans although they're
probably just like I don't know kill the
neighbors drag them into the cat flaps
and are slowly eating their dead flesh
because that's what cats do hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
