you guys haven't moved a little bit of
breakfast you have a little bit of
breakfast in there huh huh are you doing
what do you noon it's their first good
Friday huh happy Good Friday guys but
it'll be Saturday when you're watching
this so uh I hope you had a good Friday
see what I did there
yeah I had a little breakfast oh and
some apples and cheeses and yogurts and
stuff because he actually got a test or
bought some stuff yesterday finally and
I'm gonna need all the recycling and
stuff now and then I'm gonna head over
to that box
buh buh buh buh buh box hello mister no
mister hello mister man
hello mister man mm-hmm it's a cutie pie
it's a security wireless sleep you know
show me a nose let me see up your nose
let me see you pay no moans let me see
how you guys gonna mind the house okay I
don't wanna see you guys any messin okay
no mind the house now mind the puppies
I'll be don't eat the puppies do you
hear me
you'll mind the puppies how you you
better wine the puppies okay this is
really scary leaving them alone I'm
pretty sure that she'll hear them
squeaking they just go into them
- guys never said you liked it much it
just dropped in around no interest
that's it wouldn't knew it Sina always
just gets to no interest whatsoever
so we're leaving the puppies for the
first time on their own one up
completely on their own with their mom
and dad my editor yes like to be
technique mine but and our vet was like
I mean most normal people go to work
we're just you know weirdos no but he
you know he was like he said it should
be fine
no he said it would be fine and she was
basically does whatever she needs to do
so I'm just super worried because like
never does the first time way and
and like it's scary you know like the
first night you know we've had two
nights now but each night got easier
last night I woke up because I wake up
of it every two hours since the police
report I was saying last night I was
like it's like she's breastfeeding every
two hours because she like leaves them
then for a while and then they start
squeaking so she has to go back she
problem it's only more than every two
hours
she doesn't like constantly and then she
just had to take little breaks but I
woke up last night I looked down and I
had taken off like normal my stock
before I was about into bed you know and
I had left them in a little pile just
like beside my bed and because I usually
do that I like take off my socks and
then in the next morning I'll put them
in the laundry basket so this is normal
like the smell of me but I look down and
I had been wearing like yesterday I was
wearing pink socks like light pink so of
course in the nighttime like in the dark
they looked white whatever way the socks
were like minor the big fluffy ones
yeah whatever way they were lying on the
floor I thought it was first I thought
the one that was longer was a puppy for
definite and I was like
just like on the floors like my god
instead instead it was like it's
definitely dead it's not moving I'm
gonna reach down I like such an idiot
what I realized it because I reach down
I was like Oh scary to touch it and then
I touch it and it's like flat like empty
like it's a sock there's like such an
idiot and then you think that I would
have learned by then but then I looked
over I saw the other sock which was kind
of bundle up with like that's definitely
a puppy and I really thought that like
Athena had like because they had died
she had just like discarded them or
something that that was my thought
process like I was just like freaking
yet and you think that I would have
known from seeing that one sock but the
other was just another stock but I
didn't like my heart was beating so fast
I'm going to touch it I convinced it was
a roll of Blake's okay it's time it's
definitely yeah this all happened in
like a very short space of time by the
way this is a long-winded version but
yeah I touched it and of course it was
another sock and you could make the
sense of relief I was just like oh my
god there are still our lives and I
checked them and they were all fine of
course but like oh it's so scary I get
myself so like worried about this like I
just feel like anything could go wrong
just normal I'm guessing you know I'm
aware that's what the dogs did you
imagine when we have the baby like do
you get any sleep
do you actually just sit up all night
long like my mom was saying about two
wicker basket and I was like oh what's
the plane was like with the wicker
basket when they eat when they move you
know they're still alive and I was like
is that really necessary
now I realize that probably is necessary
that constantly alive that woman has to
know it's alright anyways oh look at
this German Shepherd puppy love German
shepherds
I wish we had a PC oh wait a second five
so cute
anyways so we got this card thank you
very much thank you very much thank you
very very from
Deanna no Diane and Richard Oh
and she is pregnant and she's due two
days after me and then we got this
package and I started open this is
always what happens and start opening it
and then I never get like my reaction no
way and then when we're showing us going
to open them on the way home and it
drive it's like the best part makes it
dry fine
you guys are so generous like this
package came from England and this is
from Elaine and Kent and she sent this
really cute Hello Kitty card
look there's their ballerinas and look
what she sent yeah it's a little hat and
little like booties for a newborn baby
one to two months yeah
so perfect yeah and it's like little
teddy bear you know it's got little ears
and look at this oh my god that is so
cute oh one it's got puppies and cats
yeah puppies and bunnies and all kinds
of things little person one to two
months
whoa one to two months it looks bigger
baby is yeah it's so cute
okay I don't think I'm prepared so they
all go together and then she sent Oh
some lint YUM
fine some lint out eggs get in there for
you
they just
they says can't breathe oh my god was
that oh my god it's hot chocolate
these four cops and then
oh my god is that record thing yeah I
love these so much I'm obsessed with
these not to get one and I meet for the
puppies you put your photos in all right
charge no oh yeah take them out just
bang my head off
everything he should put my name in a
wall like family tree that is that is so
cute thank you so much oh yeah generous
oh my god
thank you oh my god guys this came from
dervalloc castle and she sent a really
nice letter and then she also made an
Easter card I'm guessing that means
happy Easter in Irish if my memory
serves me well who loved us okay Tiana
Joseph is happy Easter love d'oeuvre and
Aoife okay that's her best friend BFF
forever
and let's just put this down here okay
so she sent a picture or some pictures
oh she has a Maltese puppy away her
friend does d'oeuvre a lot Eva Guerra
her puppies call it Daisy lucky look how
good it is yeah it's called Daisy and
then look at all this stuff guys Anna
and look how beautifully round it is Oh
oh my god cupcake cases that's so cute
okay I love cupcakes it says that's
white size cupcakes oh my god that's
really like they're like the nicest ones
I've seen okay let's open this one
because it's got heart heart shape oh my
god
look it says yummy mummy and it's like
to hang on your door that's like the
bike you wanted to buy the yummy mummy
back yeah yeah and it's like it's got a
cupcake on it so I'm gonna hang this on
my door in my room that is so cool thank
you so much okay do you want to do here
is from the late Sir these are opening
because it changes alright so this is a
pink polka right here is that a Tigger
oh my god bigger that is so cute way the
poos there can you take it eat up oh
it's really soft
yeah it's from the Disney shop oh my god
so cute thank Olga will love us love it
before getting out
like animal toys yeah well I know you're
gonna have a farm but you go okay
puppies
okay this one's for Ana as well no way
it's a white chocolate Easter for you I
love white chocolate are you okay
now you want me to open yours yeah good
all right this is your joke they have to
answer a shaker egg here take that it
let's see
cool filled with Smarties oh my god
that's so cute thank you and then
there's one for Albie seen on coffee so
we'll open up when we get home we'll
give it to them
we'll give it to the puppies and see how
they pair it with that thank you so much
that was so thoughtful and so thank you
it's Anna take advantage of situation
dude could cook shopping because I think
it's better to leave mm I'm than to
leave then twice short you know and
believe him like twice you know so we'll
just leave him one time we're trying to
everything get everything in the world
ever done ever needed to be done we're
going to do it now
we're hi we're here to do everything or
something he's only like because I
haven't played Simon ages since that
college everything became like uncool
and stuff and yes and I was like ah when
he gets up no we're talking about it's
dead I don't think we're like oh that's
supposed to be like co-op and stuff so
you'll enjoy that won't you yeah I think
it has enjoyed the demise of Call of
Duty revival of your dad's is a process
the roomies I am scum with enough the
rice fusion right get it go get 2001
nice alright that it is that it okay
let's go go limbs sad the puppies are
okay
and they're really warm which means that
she was sitting on them yeah wanted a
Albee oh never had them before boys
their Baker bones bones good huh yeah
hmm put all the putter ways alright this
did not come from a subscriber I bought
this myself I know you're gonna tell me
this is ridiculous but I think it's
awesome
okay bear with me bear with me in this
one out
all right hold on need to open it up
here certificate of identity
so it's authentic guys I'm messing about
here this guarantees thirty
five-millimeter and look are there's
like stuff on at home will take this
stuff off awesome oh if you put it
to the light you can actually see it
look it's the actual filum cells like
from the original film 1994 original
Stargate movie I got this Daniel Jackson
there's Jack O'Neill oh so awesome but
against the wall can't see it
is there more stuff nice guys check that
out
isn't that so awesome I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna Instagram this now so
awesome your original cell why 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11
I almost have when xi know about half
the half a frame Wow I pretty much all
about the premiums oh hey there Rachel
Zoe this is Cleo age oh no this is max
maximum she's had business there were
six weeks or eight weeks alright okay
the baby back
ah what's the other where oh my god what
the hell is so cool oh my God look she
loves you guys
why did she do that what did she think
of that oh my god I love our being Cena
it is so cool is the best ever
I said I need to Coney Jolie that is so
awesome
a mini 200 red like the color maybe even
when it even went on kogure outgrows
this I'm gonna keep it and like freeing
it or something like that but it's so
cool like mini Saucony Jolie leave a
comment if you remember that that's old
school blog ADIZ oh nice I'm hungry I'm
hungry there's actually stuff Just Dial
I had stuff yeah no I'll do it
oh it's Audrina oh you got that one I'm
gonna eat this now mm-hmm photo photo
photo more products more products yeah
that's all hopping I'm gonna put this on
my wall and it's so awesome
I am on the hunt for the tastiest way to
enjoy fish on Good Friday Friday Friday
it's a little cool to finite not forest
before it's alright it's alright open so
I'll pretend to be dead joke this going
again hold on
hey guys what's up the character so yeah
we are gonna swing by Casey's guaranteed
tastiest chipper in court but the
problem with it being Casey's chipper in
court is there's always a bajillions
patrols against that's like a bazillion
Jolie's my family are called the bee
Julian's we all meet up together bring
four double Julian oh yeah thought you
saying to me and I was like no can I
leave the game I'm going straight ahead
a red light in the front that it kind of
goes straight ahead like a Scirocco he's
in a Scirocco
Jeremy people there's Rocco's should I'm
in white yeah white Rocco apologies if
you drive a white Rocco
if I was you as well and you're like I
couldn't indicate I broke my hand this
morning while rescuing children from a
burning orphanage is it that's what he's
doing that's what it did alright so yeah
we're gonna get we're gonna get food I'm
waiting the cube let's hope there's no
queue oh my goodness we came all the way
down here look sorry we're closed for
renovations
it said on them yeah it was kind of crap
that's why the website it was empty
because they have this like calm thing
where you can look in and see if there's
a big queue yeah we should have said on
the website I don't how I turned Athena
who's McDonald's with a fish burger
that's pretty much our only alternative
I don't see any eruption of you are you
going here I'll wonder the McDonald's
right you know we just mention it place
is pretty jam-packed today right we just
gave our order there to the Machine
right if I might wait ahead at that car
right what I end up getting his food
there is it even net but you see that
car Tara's gonna let me true what if I
was like oh no you go on ahead what that
mean that like is that how it works cuz
yeah like whenever it's John Piper this
like I paid and did my everything ages
ago and I'm gonna go around this corner
and the guy is just gonna know what I
want that's like how did you know now
guys yum-yum-yum so we have to get five
Happy Meals
oh well normally they got three chicken
nuggets each so we weren't the right
that we need 21 chicken nuggets for
everybody but until we got lucky little
fish Good Friday is in the bag thanks to
Ronald McDonald hope you guys had not
some good friday let's watch some good
TV and claps basically you should relax
too hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
