what's more difficult looking after five
puppies or one baby just so I know what
I'm getting myself in for you already
gave me you really go grandma really
take care of them really well
oh my goodness guys I put the plant that
side cuz it's like sprouted up so
crazily it's amazing it's an amazing
experience
let's get some coffee I'm like oh Liam
let's get something happening to go
really where's where's you go quickly go
grab a cup some left it's just enough
for you so nice just to be outside for a
moment I feel like I haven't actually
been outside in like 10 years or
something it's been like the whole Labor
Day and then yesterday the first day and
then today it's like the third day I
think I was like look we need to just
leave the house for like half an hour or
something you know just claw back some
parity or something could you might do
in panco get here it's gonna be even
more insane than this like when I'm this
is a good I open er though I think this
is a good sort of like practice run of
what it's kinda gonna be like you know
but um I'm not sure I think I was like
maybe we should bring the puppies in the
car with us with Sina like I don't know
if we leave them on their own or not the
only bit like 40 minutes or so I think
I'm just gonna enter the Pope or
something just to do something just I
don't feel like going to Tesco or
something is a lot longer and maybe
maybe all going I don't know a state
we're getting shopping like I haven't
done any shopping ones we're living off
just like scraps and supplies or
whatever we could find like everything
is just like falling apart like
well there yeah
some people just nipple with the Popo
box or something it's just something to
do just to like get away from their
muscles my body is still like completely
every bone is in pain and like agony
it's like oh my god I'm an old man
better
I remember I was young and I'd like you
play rugby or you do something you'd
like strain a muscle and just like a
flowers layer just sort of fix itself
two days I'm still in pain
welcome to the thirties young man
middle-aged oh my goodness did you know
what did happen look at this right check
this head what what my grown up forest
here or something the rest of them
haven't even like shown popped up said
hello nothing but this thing here is
like Motor City not cool
I'm really proud of them I'm a little
incubator I decided to bring in that
because it was really sunny and I think
Jerry knows having days last week where
was that like sort of heatwave thing
going on I think that's when m1 like
rare that big growth spurt I'll be what
are you doing you just eating grass over
here I'm the grass I used to cut the
grass all the time before I had the
puppy's life but I do like to um I get
to cut the grass every week it just sort
of keeps it neat
see like it's just a little bit beyond
neat now where it's getting fluffy and
then and then I think the dogs prepare
plus because the dogs go poo poo is in
the garden it's actually like easier to
spot to poo poos when the grass is like
really really tight short and that way
no one steps on it wherever it's long
well there could be no surprises hiding
in the bushes and that's not fun
come on Albie you stay in here you
staying in here
to give him another extra attention they
don't hit their review the poppies is
sort of a vibe you know right hey one
block he's left and then I had I found
two chicken burgers just my little easy
one that's always so much noisier than
arrested them which one is it
if I'm you're just trying to get in
there you soaking Feeney's hmm don't put
it down nobody be noisy one two three
four
you have won the Canada for sure
you have to make sure no one's getting
squished yeah I get boy don't you put a
few in there huh
you can look after them doggies are off
on their first adventure first adventure
in the car huh how's it working out huh
excited this is the outside world
you mean the world's bigger than the war
yep the world's bigger than the room not
that much bigger than room I like huge
massively bigger than the room but
slightly larger than the room
oh my God look at the Great Dane up
there it's not sunny out here today and
I realize that I'm like wearing so many
layers of clothes look over there
alright so many layers of clothes
because I'm so cold because you're just
sitting inside her dogs all the time
look there's the Wolfie over there I was
like wolfies him hey you can't walk if
you thought it would be
you guys remember terminator I'm ready
we're Terminator Tito he's on the phone
it's like what's your dog's name
he's like my dad's name is max he's like
what's Wolfie well he's just fine honey
where are you
he's like booked to foster parents are
dead leave a comment you know a doctor
that it's okay it's okay mom he's just
gonna get stuff for a video that's all
huh you guys okay man your first drive
in the car what was that it's okay we
get time this down guys
who knows when I'll be I'm gonna put
them too much just in case you jump out
or something cuz you go crazy
mm-hmm it's a nice and sunny guys isn't
it yeah hmm no pup sees you want to look
like a sigh squeaking Oh careful see
yeah jump on them
careful man out you know I was getting
squished
everyone okay I'm gonna count it for
y'all right now it's my bar thought when
we go look at the mother hairs all over
Micah my guard I have a hairy car my car
is hairy
hey hey hey hey hey TIFF what accounted
for so fun all right
no one's been squished back there mmm
first time in almost house first time in
all my house huh oh wait one come on hey
RV huh wait chapter hmm what's wrong
what's wrong what's wrong Sina puppies
yeah there's your puppies mommy's
recording a video we got some supplies
cuz I was recording a video for the
style lights get some supplier Djinn
Easter cupcake video so we brought a
quick mind here because this is a cool
island here which is really good for
filament sorry guys you can't go out
there because all the cats are out there
and the puppies look like mice let's be
honest they look like mice so I'm not
gonna let any of the cats in here the
only cat that ever causes trouble is
Nicky but I'm pretty sure they would be
targets bull's-eyes we'll call them for
cats cat bull's-eyes puppies huh so I'm
just gonna watch some math television
the puppies just gonna watch some TV
while on that shoots a video and then
when I'm thinking about a Popol because
we're not gonna look at Hannah's gotta
shoot this video so we're like look we
look to be there today I head to
the Popo tomorrow and yeah we'll slowly
get you everything Oh dougie dougie this
Monday you eat I'll be I'm sorry I'm
sorry guys
okay I'm sorry let's go inside let's go
inside let's go inside stop
he's gonna come back now maybe one
careful scotch
it's good
so what's what you made to look oh wow
they're awesome since they don't really
cool good job
nice house if you'd like to see user an
extra flake - how's that gonna what made
the noise he done no mana yet I'll be
okay yeah yeah they're fine
good dogs good dogs
uh-uh-uh
I have to stay up the garden here okay
say up the garden there from the cats
you guys keep sketching for cats go
peepees go peepees go peepees come on
let's go peepees good dog good dog look
good girl oh look at the pond maybe we
could christen the puppies in the pond
here just drop them in one at a time
this much Cena Cena
ah
you will winner of these cupcakes you
can guess the team tune I was just
singing there no one's gonna get it no
one's gonna get it but you win a cupcake
if you do Downers you in a cupcake I'll
give you a giggle opponent a clue
one clue chevron that's it if you know
it fine
that's it I just told you what it was
mmm-hmm they are so tasty guys they're
warm they're moist they're creamy the
lemony they're spongy they're Agee
they're chocolatey they're eastery sorry
they're good you did a good job Nene's
this is they're supposed to be and then
Eunice improvised debating the cream
thing and use that it get even an on
Easter times you can put you know knows
Oh sugar lemon fruit things that's
probably what they are is that they're
not lemon what is lemon what do you know
you know you're on about man yeah job
done show over show's over hey he says
it's a little noisy one looks really
cozy in there it looks cozy Nicolas
Sarkozy knocked Nicolas Sarkozy in there
now I shall watch my show and I shall
eat Emma's sesame sticks examine are
they versatile all right like a waffle
and the versatility is nice but the
potato waffles
that's a potato waffles you can have one
because that's all you get
I get the rest this one a bird's-eye
potato waffle mmm let's eat all almost
food while she's away mm-hmm nobody tell
her okay
oh my god hold the phone guys design
Birds Eye potato waffles these are green
aisle potato waffles aren't even potato
potato perfection every time okay so
hold up the Putin free so green up a
date of waffles green that potato
waffles let's change everything that's
ruining my song that's ruined my life
what I taste like any nicer I don't know
I'm gonna find out all the cats are fed
oh the cats are fed whoa what if I run
out after huh laughter I'll see you guys
on the flip side huh
we gotta go home guys thanks a lot for
coming that can be eaten by can take
part oh I think I'm we turned it on for
the puppies cuz you're gonna be too cold
for them but then you don't want to make
sure not to leave it on the whole time
the whole time so I just put the heat
back on clock or say turn off it we're
gonna talk with it okay I call
shenanigans
you know like in this backbone you know
he always does the clamp right it's
gonna never there I use it on your
puppies keeping them warm their own
central heating annoys them you know
don't take a hole in your puppies this
is so cool ik Cena
mr. puppies it's a puppies get your
puppies she's looking for a mr. puppies
see now I catch puppies come on get your
puppies
we should puppy Cena where's the puppies
huh come on get the puppies get the
puppies come on get the puppies where's
the puppies where's the puppies yeah
there's the puppies good girl good girl
let's bring them inside to mom what up
deep frying and puppy easy puppies all
right this question too much no it's
okay mommy just steps on them sometimes
one glass of water
what hmm
she's currently standing up your your
puppy JD I'm on juice Judy
okay I've never been more tired in my
life
where are the apples that we normally
get yeah lady
ladies they're like good ones
and everybody a pelant a Sunday and
everything that good and I already got
food at around there she's like kind of
stuffed and stuff so it's really hard
when you're fending for yourself I'm
finding this now for providing for one I
get a the more people that are making
food for you actually easier it is you
know if you're raining for like five
people it's easier than one two people
is easier than one buying one for one
person is really difficult I don't know
what I want I'm Mac and that guy's oh my
goodness
unless he's walking around passed over
about 20 minutes mindlessly deciding I
actually went over to the same thing
about like 10 times kept going like I
get this nah get something else and just
kinda wandering around midnight uh-huh
why who I get this so I just be falling
not this because it's like super easy to
make takes like zero effort oh in the
oven javis Mike Dennis this is a good
indication of the tiredness that oh
because like the baby will be different
cause he looks like she got up himself
this is more like you know you have to
check on scene or like you know every
couple of hours to make sure she's not
like squishing the pups and stuff and
like most of the time it's completely
fine but then they get a little chirpy
sometimes in squeaky and and she decided
to leave them because she likes to break
up without any ham so she'll leave them
and come up to the bed and snuggle up
into our pillow life but then after a
while they'll start chirping you know
and she'd be like oh I gotta go get them
again you know she's like breastfeeding
essentially every couple of hours she
has to get up and do some breast feeding
so oh boy I am a tired javis hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
