good morning and welcome to the world
huh how we are doing this morning
oh we are they on this one huh yeah I'll
have a rough night
definitely all that were off mate huh
what are you doing you tryna get off
edges bomb bombs
what's going on here genius what's going
on here huh
what's your decision over lovely ocean
of innovation of these yuppies hmm he's
you know he's no fees additional fees no
fees
oh my goodness I need a cutest thing in
the world ever
you got like no sleep last night it's
taking me a bajillion years to edit this
up today oh my good god miss but it is
oh my god like all night liner squeaking
away so cute like take a listen flu and
she just sort of goes in and sits on
them
it's our licks in itself and then she
like oh oh yeah that's gonna fall off or
see the bed's gonna fall over her she
knees hmm it's just so cute it's so cute
this is nothing hmm
there's nothing here simi's you put a
backup butter back
mm-hmm she's so funny cuz she like Gio
smelling some cute because I she'll go
away you know to get some space and then
they'll start like making a little
squeaky sander so I'm running back and
jump back in the bed like oh yeah oh my
goodness that was one hell of a nice Oh
muscle because I was like been choked
for Trenton like the deliveryman stuff
but it's words athenaeus it's all ardor
for you everyone's come to say hello
beautiful ones comb Cena you bring gifts
presents uh-huh she cards did you
ah for us let's see what better we try
to put the little bunny have thing on
her yeah it's a fantasy riveting yeah
but they all sort of fat yeah not none
of it work - there you go
she's defeating them like earlier so
they're not starting Lee seok-ki okay
yeah way to like in a week in a week or
two like they're gonna be like full
little fluffy things at the moment
there's a little bit ratty I know she
won't
we're worried about that last night but
I think just naturally soon she knows
that the hurdle oh babe yes she knows
like okay she did nothing enough yeah
you know she just sort of changed when
she had them you know that's what's
gonna happen Anna watch the spin the
thread
honey I'm they delivered in this area in
that corner I put the water right in the
corners so I think she's going to where
she delivered like you know it's kind of
like probably drawn to that spot well
it's fine if he's like it if you see it
can happen for dinner if you want just
take the fattest one Oh Alawis she's my
girl here kind of pancake right now yeah
I know she's not it's just cuz then they
squeak she gets out like hey my puppies
well when you're not speaking she's like
perhaps what else Krebs
No Oh No
careful careful you squished him huh I
notice in time a lot of time you feel
like intervening but I do think that a
lot of it you know Erica was Holly its
Christ from like I don't know a lot of
it like she has to learn how to take
care because she's the one that has to
take care of them we can't you know um
do too much you know cuz then I think
that you're taking away from her natural
instincts you gotta let natural mommies
natural maternal instincts to take over
huh lucky them all kikuno Xena
good girl huh you feel better huh no
more puppies inside of you it's just so
cute hello noise you guys ready to see
something really horrible sick I'm
afraid to even walk bender
look let's pop this out onto our roof
isn't it so scary scary to run
underneath it isn't it oh my goodness
it's like just to just stand it there
last night oh my goodness it's so scary
whatever drop down and you're walking at
the door we'll just like drop down on
you he's right a pup slept last night oh
look you can see all the urine like
mm-hmm
Tina was seen or no I wasn't done right
oops
hmm cool we'll just keep changing the
paper every day yeah you go first
should I vacuum it but then I like live
and lay eggs and breathe and create an
army and eventually take over the world
glass I know we always do
my hair my hair do you guys think huh
this is your new home eel huh yeah hello
you little puppy blanket oh no that's
the end of the puppet like it oh god I
know but I had a I have it nice and neat
Cena I gotta get pulled around now yeah
I think she's just digging in general to
make it a nest area see the carefully
okay you know hold on just a hair hmm
break my chair
you oh god I hate that part that's the
part when you think it's running onto
your hand
hmm
Thanks you're welcome teamwork do you
have a tough night Albie did you have a
tough night huh seen as it says asleep
with the pups and I'm having next day
Peter chicken a pizza taking a piece
that is the Tacy's I'm not actually
gonna put an Instagram hey juicy
Instagram was released for the HTC ice
get in the Android shop now and hey
follow me my name is M my name is I
don't even know that's gonna focus in
you gonna focus in there you go that's
my name oh I should put up a a thumbnail
picture thingy but that's me that yeah
follow me or whatever you're doing do
you follow people on Instagram if you
like the work I have no idea I'm new to
Instagram but it's kind of Awesome so
come on take a picture off I think
picture my pizza be like next day pizza
that's what I'll do
camera nice I should you know we'll get
a picture of that sure pizza in in
cooking this is this is the talk pattern
that goes into taking an Instagram
picture what is this not there this say
my hand
you need to put this back in um don't
mind don't mind the crusty parts hmm
they didn't make it
oh yeah how about fresh out of the oven
kind of shot how's that how's that oh
yeah check that bad boy out
nice done nice look hello mmm-hmm know
that I'm what fourth close oh that sucks
what's this up here Ciccone job is going
to a store near you soon
I think of those more pictures of the
puppies I cannot believe I delivered
puppies last night
what the hell what frack finally fixed
it this channel because ever since the
new channel team changed I never did I
put a nice little banner like a lien see
now buddy we didn't know these little
buggers have their own channel it Sam
wait for it wait for it there you go
look alveta maltese I'm checking out and
subscribe what I'm gonna do is I'm going
to put a five-minute video fix yourself
and they have a couple of videos here
already if you want to check them out
but I'm putting a about a five minute
video of the Bert which is like less us
or more just but this channel just more
about them not about us so I don't like
to be in any of these videos that much
so I kind of narrow down about five
minutes of just the sort of birthing
process and I put that up there and then
obviously the vlog has like all our like
but like you know cuz underdogs I'm sure
other dogs watch this channel I'm there
like humans
whatever did she cute little family hmm
and it's so funny because everyone's
been like Oh keep all of you away and
stuff and you would think that he would
be like aggressive or something but he's
not he accepted last money he's just
supportive like the whole time it was
like we have this like family unit or
something and nobody like nothing can
penetrate that you know and every time
like we handled a pop were you
so she was just like so Placid she just
like fully trusted as a hundred percent
it was just so nice and I'm like even if
she saw you like bringing the pump to
Ala be letting him sniff she was just
like she knew everything was going to be
okay like it was just such a nice like
feeling to be like we're such a family
you know like nobody can penetrate that
like we're just like a total unit yeah
it's really nice so I feel like this is
what it's going to be like when panco
becomes as well they're going to be just
the same
they'll be so like happy and like
they'll just be so supportive of
everything especially the--like because
I just feel like now that her maternal
instincts kicked in you're probably like
want to help me out with Koga oh my god
okay all the Easter treats I really want
to decorate like um a house like not
bring up the whole house but like I want
to get some sticks like twigs you know
what I mean and put them in this fast
and then hang the little um eggs and
everything off of it so we'll see right
now I'm going to make my lunch because
I'm starving
it's like almost 3 o'clock we've just
been so preoccupied
oh we're gonna get up you can get up for
like a really long time because we were
so left and so tired after everything
last night we're up till like 4:00 a.m.
or something like that oh my god 3 a.m.
and then I was awake every 2 hours I
woke to just check out in the puppies
and everything's so paranoid that she's
a little boy is smaller I was so
paranoid that he was gonna die in the
night or something but he's fine he
don't think he's a runt or anything I
mean I guess technically if you are the
smallest or the runt of the litter but
the vet said that none of them were all
of them were full-grown like Maltese
puppies you know so it's fine like none
of them
our runs so I don't know I guess we'll
find out when we see our vet next but um
he's just skinnier than his sister's
that's all so I just want to keep an eye
on him see that everything's okay make
sure that he's moving like he's trying
to make him reach on if I ever noticed
that he's not or you know that his
sisters are like I know you're supposed
to just like push the other ones away
even if they're feeding like Anna
listens mean but you're supposed to like
make sure that he feeds because he is
the smallest and he needs it the most so
I'm making my lunch now um we got pizza
last night because we were just like we
like we can't leave my house I'm so glad
we didn't so um I don't know why javis
like did everything was he sure you guys
maybe and I don't know but um I'm gonna
punch now I'm just going to make it
caprese sandwich that's it it's actually
a really nice day today but obviously
nobody's gonna go through today can you
imagine walking those puppies on like
little strings or something we so cute
but no I don't think we'll even walk
them at all in like the time that
they're here you're not supposed to
until I have all their shots updated and
when we give them away and sell them and
everything um that's the owner's
responsibility then is to get the rest
of the shots but we'll have to do all
the like starter ones or the earlier
ones so but it's going to be so much fun
having puppies for two months I think
they're so cute john wants to keep the
boy but I don't know how that's gonna go
so I don't much damn guys the Easter
Bunny certainly has arrived
this is what we tried to use last night
well and of the smaller ones ah oh look
at that little bunnies all the Easter
decorations and all the Easter stuff yum
yum love Easter chocolate topping
chocolate waffles
Rocco time fun this scene is having a
munch let's see you have your munch give
your munch munch there's no rush there's
no more she deserve it you need to eat
to build up your energy hmm meeting pops
all day long it's your hard time doing
it hmm I was like yo meetin I can land
and I can just light an I can do I can
do two at a time
let's go let's go good girl good girl I
think we need more coffees in our life
oh my god I got no Liam sleep last night
no sleep it's the first time since
living here that we didn't do like a
full wash up last night the first time
ever because like energy was zero Lodge
and she was kaput we were both so
destroyed oh ah
all right let's get a coffee on the go
let's eat loads of chocolate O's no keep
all that for a Christmas Day Christmas
Day
oh my god that's entire diam guys
oh goodness Clinton bit of a problem
with this one no it happens
five puppies then five puppies can't be
worse than a baby right he'll soon find
out oh we all have a snoozy snows huh
how's everyone doing
hmm are you tired they're feasting on
you they're feasting on you know why
don't you take over Albie huh
I think it's your turn you've seen the
rest
oh look I think you just want to be
beside her and oniy she wants to be to
them look at this is content for agents
discontent or you could this little
Squealer bearing itself in there this
one is just another heifer hey yeah call
it would have huh not on there's one
missing
um no no chance race here underneath
here I'm buried underneath here you just
be kick your latch time
oh she she's dripping look at this
little fatso is it freaking huge you
aren't you know fatso Miami every map
comes alone Nick there will ya taste
here Thanks Oh puppies bounce kinky
things he'll be huh hmm ones forgotten
about you one's forgotten about you hmm
you've got some hair in your eye
it's all cool and you put your like your
face in not even hear some noises so
cool
it's a warmer it smells like puppies Ned
isn't it yeah it's so cool
conditional head in here
she's like pulling at it maybe it's
empty he is the boy the one little boy
hmm
if it's empty its relative juice I have
a problem guys you serious
pull over that one Oh No all over her
face she's probably eating it
yeah she's supposed to Oh a she it's
just kind of icky oh thanks thanks Cena
John maybe take this off the bed with
you but geez it's it's it's protected in
a little okay come on guys I can get a
little poop hotties hmm they can't be
Pune much cuz like yeah anything
oh yeah pool she's got poo breath okay
poo Bret no oh a little sleeping babies
never those sleeping babies Oh sleep
interview look at the little nose
I'm so cute pink is so cute
oh it's so soft don't mind take me out
in the background ha ha
if you're feeling looking hit that
button oh look at his little hand is
going crazy oh it's so cute oh my
goodness we're all so tired because you
got like no sleep last night looking
after these little guys and they're like
no sleep tonight yeah and I'm just like
so tired my muscles are tired and my
body is tired I'm aching from like cuz I
was like leaning over them last night
trying to like the liver tomorrow huh
hey hey there a mare you don't you I do
you out what you mean comment if you
want one cuz look at the oh my goodness
like if you ever have a time in your
life when you have an opportunity put
your head like this and do a little pile
of puppies oh my god I recommend anybody
should do this so cute look at these two
they're like cuddling hey we got here
here seems like sleeping in between them
he's like I need some space
hmm that's the boy in the middle there
no and they're so cute so cute
okay normally under Sun right bye guys
see you tomorrow hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
