do you guys want to see something
totally awesome do you guys wanna see
something so cool and totally awesome oh
my goodness boom boom there's a baby in
there like crazy like I was touching a
page missing its baby I was like doing
the pictures for my blog and it's like
thrown so much I know even under
pictures like it's crazy that night like
a real like it's really popular even
when I look at it in the mirror
I don't even you can't even see you
but yeah the night time it is like huge
isn't it yeah yeah yeah water and
everything but night time is like huge
now it's just like like this but it's
still big yeah Stephanie pop Natalie
yeah I know and other ones I actually
look pregnant you know just look like
mom congratulations
celebrate you can have this thanks your
present what about you huh huh you ready
to have your babies huh oh you just
about ready yet having a puppies oh yeah
it's like snuggling in comfy doesn't it
huh
this little bits of a carpet appeared
all attached you
it's so cute
they're always up for a bit of fun I
love you guys check this out right this
is not the app that I am that I'm
developing but the app I'm developing is
primarily for the iPhone but if you you
can get it for the Android too but
primarily it's for the iPhone and the
iPad but this here look go to Google
Play put in Ciccone Jolie's and you'll
find this one this wasn't made by me
this is made by an Irish company and I'm
already called era apps and you can
install this and I hats like it does
pretty it's pretty it's pretty good
actually it has the YouTube channel it's
a Twitter to Facebook the blog the popo
address videos all that kind of stuff so
I'm yeah you guys should totally check
it out there is Saucony Jolie's on
Google Play which is the new name for
the Android shop if you have an Android
you should totally get this hopefully
our app will be out soon you know it's a
it's very complicated you know cuz I've
never I've never made an app before huh
that's that's pushy so you guys want a
little update and where we're at with it
let me just see if I can pull it up here
either beta version working on my phone
at the moment so um this is where we're
at at the moment so you can see gallery
sound games I'm gonna tell you what all
these stuff are you've got the YouTube
you've got Twitter and Facebook and then
these things do other stuff as well but
I don't sure you guys want to keep some
sort of surprises
for what yeah actual app does but um
yeah that's gonna be awesome hopefully
in a week at the most
spending on like everyday I'm putting in
like a net and you know two or three
hours if it's just all like coding
himself and it's kind of like I'm
learning at the same time as I'm trying
to develop it you know cuz what I like
the stuff that I know which is all like
HTML bit of CSS and sort of you know a
small bit of PHP from doing like yeah
I'm through the animation but this is
like and it's not C++ but it's just it's
it's writing like Java and HTML together
so I'm not that familiar with it but I'm
getting through it I'm getting it done
I'm really excited for it are you
excited I make my lunch and I'm still
using my broken plate oh look it's good
a tear
it's really sad I'm gonna continue using
it somebody asked me I got it I have no
idea this Tea Party so yeah make my
lunch right now and I'll be interesting
that part finished their peepees come on
in good dogs
and the weather has gotten a lot colder
oh I've changed this calendar I forgot
okay so let's see what cute puppies we
got this week um this month I mean okay
kind of a weird all righty
there we go April April Fool's how many
of you guys were April Fool yesterday
like javis anyways oh we need to go
shopping for supplies because we
actually did really good last week
because we we got like food for the week
and it actually worked out we went like
twice a week though cuz we run out of
stuff like you know lunch things and
like you know that kind of thing like
Owen just kind of basics and stuff you
kind of run out of them because we go
through a lot of like yogurt cheese
peanut bread like those kind of things
but we have like dinners for the whole
week so we're gonna try and do that
again because that was up to you
somebody good this now I love these
these are the way the food doctor and
they're super healthy for you because
they have lots of like whole grains and
cereal and stuff in there so I'm having
that with tuna which I had yesterday as
well you're not supposed to eat you not
like the more then I think two or three
times a week is fine
especially if it's like the light one so
yeah it's fine but I was gonna have
something else except that we don't have
anything else in the fridge really for
lunch I don't have any mozzarella or
anything like that so and then I have
tons of chores to do I have to like
vacuum and dust and all that yucky stuff
because I didn't do that yesterday so
not laying for that but look do
showed you this but that Lake took no
time that was really weird
I took no time you know what are you
doing you're facing the dirt this is Jo
fuses little plan right
instead of vacuuming well no he's
actually really good i vacuumed like
he'll do it like a lot but what he does
is he sweeps everything into this little
corner and then he goes and vacuums like
later on so that's a little technique
for you guys if you want the little
cleaning tip because it keeps the floors
and looking like totally disgusting
until you vacuumed because I know you're
too lazy to vacuum you know you don't
want to plug it in everything so yeah
and you guys got some awesome
suggestions for us what to do for our
gender-reveal for you guys and also for
our family
yeah because we're gonna find out
obviously when they do they're hoping
they'll see their little William Taylor
pet ma and they'd be like it's a boy
it's Willy oranges know what they see
dr. Oliver talk I know it's a shadow or
something my terms like my way down yeah
so we're gonna find out obviously
ourselves which might be where we're
taking about booking it for tomorrow
exciting so Ann we're gonna find out but
then we're like how will we like reveal
it we want to make it exciting and fun
so what were your suggestion so far I
asked people on my blog yeah and
somebody said I think okay so Stephanie
said I think a fortune cookie with boy
or girl and that would also be a lovely
idea we'd have to make the fortune
cookie woody I don't know you know in a
Chinese shop yeah maybe you could get
them they're finally gonna has boy or
girl what have you got a mixed up in the
pile and then it all went wrong oh you
mean like only by boy ones but by one
fortune cookie complicated next anyway
suggestion
then oh yeah or shed or write it onto
your belly and put your shirt off which
I thought was cute Jonathan's like
stupid
well that's doable but it's just like
whoa Spring Break and then it's over you
know you get the little beans Spring
Break is when you show your boobs
oh are you not showing your boobs I
almost did in my blog well not my boots
but my bra
pulled up my shirt way too high up and
like I see you um
Donna sighs baked cupcakes and put
either blue or pink icing in them
depending on the sex and give them cheer
family so when they bite into them they
know that's the better one cupcakes
right in there making a cake what you do
like cook the make the dollar you get
actually Emma showed me my sister you
can get like this thing that like cuts
out the inside of the cupcake no and
then you pipe the icing into it so and
then you can put like a hat oh yeah
because you can't bake the icing yeah
cuz I sang during the baking process you
can put it back so when you like open it
up or like plate or cut in Twitter bite
into it like the icings in there like
all the way through it's like you know
the cupcakes like well and then the
icing is all like here but in the middle
you know that more than cherry and in
the middle and then you cut into it and
it's like the color it's really good and
actually that's it for now so if you
guys have any suggestions of what we
could do meet them below or put them on
my facebook link is in the description
bar or tweet tweet me on Twitter and let
me know something or if you've done
something like that let us know some
awesome ideas because it is coming to
that time oh yes it is it's funny with
Xena because you can't actually bring
her come on come on on much of a walk
like you know you bring her like a short
walk because she gets so tired like but
I know it's really good for it to
actually keep doing the exercise it's
good to everyone it's good for you too
and apparently the more fitter and
exercise you do the better it is for
your labor so hopefully it's better for
steam as well yeah yeah bit better
that's good
was the thing she enjoys it as well like
come on because once the Pope's come
like um I don't it'll be a few weeks
before she wants to go ahead and leave
them you know yeah she probably drained
off from all the air feeding and stuff
yeah I know come on Abby
this is great he's a pointer he runs and
sleeps I think running sleeping would it
be so cool oh if dogs had like a Jew
date you know like if they said like oh
your dog is actually Jew on this
particular day I'll be no he just say
although she's often eat she pretty
ready captain down she would run over
with him come on let's go let's go
as I always say you know what humans are
but I suppose even with a human GData
it's never exactly they can yeah but
even the vet had said was I was like
he's right but do you know what you date
me is like there's no such thing since
two dates he's like I think it looks
like he's like come on come on it looks
like he's do like this weekend or like
Saturday or Sunday or something and like
obviously look it's Monday and she still
hasn't popped yet which is like come on
come on Feeny's a B if you roll you
 under roll
Aloise
what do you do get up there get up there
vigil is a little troublemaker and a
martyr of the story we have no idea when
g0 could be another week but um I really
hope it's soon because it's kind of like
you know you just want to get it done
like so now you're kind of like because
we can't really go anywhere do anything
every time we go away for a little bit
it's like whatever happens there but as
far as the know Nikki said her water
break and then contractions and you know
it's it's a long process it's not like
she's gonna oh there's a puppy you know
it's not quite like that I'll be I'll be
I've worked on Rafael's like corny
Johnny I know of the joke as a joke
that's what you do when you get back to
your kids I'll talk a lot Oh Albie Albie
right see this this would be placed upon
you that's it it's coming for you it's
coming for you it's coming for you he is
coming for you whoa Liam's what have you
made
you're amazing you're an amazing wife an
amazing mother and then we even
soon-to-be grandmother mm-hmm let's go
let's go
nice all right get submarino's I'll get
you Cory knows
gets better
hm OOP glass me what's that one it look
special get it
which one
mmm the flick and sweep want to click
and sweep
I think I had to freaking sieve gone on
like sweep sweep effects there's so many
names for these things the Matt clay the
reworked fiber puppy my god are so many
names for hair products the Dax wave and
groom which do you use guys would be out
of bed that sounds nice fiber cream gel
oh nice it is like gel like sugar and
water in your hair Valona
multitude of products told have fiber in
them five pack carry-on toilet no I'm
here for the plane huh whatever
really papa
and who temple just remember the fall
for the new light we have a new light in
the sitting room we've never even seen
it I don't even know if it works alright
do you like it's a real thick I never
eat there was no boat with it so when
are you gonna say like why didn't I
bring the boat at me well there was no
boat to bring with me no no yeah kind I
think it could be these things
I don't seem bigger than that or that or
bigger than that is there my wait what's
this is there an on spot
what no energy smile now they're the
ones that are actually in the lights
that I took down to see what they did
these are all too small no no it's a big
it's a big fat so you know it's like
normal bulbs but screwing instead of a
piston so screw in version of normal
bolts that's what we need
look around screw in normal size
these are 210 no this is this is right
like 8:30 let it joke GE huh that's the
complete Jack Donaghy you guys turn you
rock okay so we need those ones but
cheaper because 8:30
you get to know you get one that's
insane I'm sorry sorry that's impossible
it's got to be a better day our Tesco
every little house yeah but Hall it
doesn't matter all you need to know is
that it's the same thing E which looks
like it is small right now no that's the
same look no forget about the bulb just
to twist the in part okay mix the same
right and that's 180 240 boom money
saving tips from dopest you're welcome I
was right I was right nice doesn't look
nice over there it does look nice with
the little bed the bed for the puppies
the pool for the puppies that's so cool
god I was right because I was I left you
concerned that I would actually get it
wrong then I was like ah no kindness
that would be a shameful mistake cuz
we're gonna watch Game of Thrones Game
of Thrones outside video you always have
to check when we get home there just be
no puppies there's a big many puppies
here look at her she's so cute a lot of
activity going on he's tonight the night
lads she's not she's not one Ching
though you know so maybe she's kind of
maybe it is tonight
it's too nothing but yeah Mad Men
awesome
you know what to turn the killing and
they're giving us a double episode of
the killing oh my god I didn't know that
was coming
and then she might surprise Game of
Thrones returns what I just thinking
phones it's just this is amazing it's
like movie stuff it's just so good and
like what happened to Kyle
and then the Dragon Queen and all of my
so good so good I miss it
Jenna else we got guys okay we're not
gonna test tonight tonight but we saw at
ease turning like a gyro
and number last time I was like well I
just really wanted to know about these
things
post it post teabags so I'm really
excited it says you can like look 50
times 2 packs front make the perfect
sandwich I think you can put like
anything in here never use a damaged
toast bag warning never ever use a
damaged toast back it can cause danger
to you and others fat hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Sakuni Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
