morning president I'll read it safely
because my mistake was Jessica the whole
afternoon and time I'm going to come
back home because I guess they have
dinner how what Hey
oh my goodness you're almost having your
very first sleepover party hi hi hi do
you remember me hi I used to be in these
videos I used to get you guys from these
videos hi I know understand my timer
your camera no they'd seen it before
they have we are not opening all the
things under the world Amelia Amelia did
you see cancers Iceland watch Game of
Thrones stent and the defendant wasn't
actually scary was it not like I can
know what are we doing familiar setting
off to you just God's house today then
because school is coming up I think that
what kind of like slowly getting back
into year today to go where where that
her friends at the park yesterday we're
gonna farmer friends today she's going
off for a day with the motor if I think
all the parents are like we're all
trying to get back into the game for
slowly getting our kids together but in
her class because I mean it's now moved
up to another clown she's in reception
now there's a couple of new kids coming
into the class so that's kind of cool
and that exciting oh oh she knows her
name she's forgotten about exciting new
friends as good as those this yeah
there's yeah when I'm day it was money
and then she gave it to me and when I
big I'm gonna film and you want to be a
youtuber when you get bigger doing your
own YouTube channel will make my make
and princesses whoa okay well the boys
do they try a second up and what's your
channel name gonna be okay and that's my
Charlie we did you bring your friends
there huh um what
princess sparkle immediate Thomasina no
no school friend videos only school
friend videos only please subscribe to
school friend videos only it's Amelia's
channel with her friends only waiter
only your school friends allowed
subscribe
oh what's that that's a limited audience
but it is mommy and daddy's subscribe to
oh and baby baby and Lydia that love is
observing your demography is going to be
make up your language sit straight your
toys are subscribing our day lot
subscribers over there oh my goodness
Lana's outside you know workout with at
least you do
anything a bigger room hooks right oh
you're too funny you're funny Eric
Amedeo stress we got to get ready cuz
you got attracted to Jesse's Jesse's
that's what this that's what this the
cool kids Carla Jesse you know I just
did that now let's go check up on your
brother
let's go check your brother we need to
get your school stuff mate right where
you can color oh yeah oh yeah what are
you watching what are you watching Steve
and Maggie
nothing makeup what your backpack Kyle
does it we get some lights in here guys
oh right how did the rain missed that
bit there
what's going on what nothing nothing
cause nothing's odds
is it still thing goes down down now it
does go down down down the fling God
higher ed it burn burn burn the Ring of
Fire is an Italian spindle Indonesia oh
well you see let me tell you about
shutter speeds and apertures you know I
just like to take pictures now gold yeah
did we get approval runner brushed your
hair
alright media come on let's go come on
shall I go out I have fun a pain today I
helped get a seat don't forget a car
seat for you okay let's go to go yeah
yeah yeah now fun we are on the way to
Jessica's house we don't want to get a
fright on the way so we must be vigilant
do not stress on your way to Jessica's
have to date we're all a way to go when
awake feel like only yesterday Emilia
was born and now she's gone off for a
day-long playdate to run without us next
thing you know it'll be sleep
next thing you know it'll be weekends
away it should be house hunting with her
boyfriend caring she be off in her
honeymoon
picture all happening because you were
too happy because you were stupid
no Harvey is I think it's probably just
because the battery's dead
eric has been just minding Eduardo to
say well she had less here earlier as
well actually she was happy with Eric
house for a while for a long time almost
an hour
and yes Amelia's gone off for a play
date with Jessica and so with Ward was
just done it all but I think she's going
to bring them to the or bring him to the
park so I'm going to drop them after
having some luck she can stand it
nice and sunny I think his crocs are
getting too small for him already
yeah that was short-lived
what yeah these are your clothes
Canelo your uniform I'm dropping Erica
and Eduardo to the park they found a
little caterpillar it was so cute it was
a do you want your scooter or no yeah
you do then you need to put your helmet
though Joanne's mommy yeah all right so
we're at and priories
know we're at the park and Eduardo is on
his scooter
oh no on that little boy fell you having
fun I'm going to go on the banks and
pass on that in a minute one mister hi
alright so just in our little local town
and I popped into a disease hi this is
what Aviv and this is a new booty and
it's really really cute I love it
and this wing more than um this new yes
appreciate yes they're gonna be
launching this September I love this one
I think that's my favorite one because
it says sassy this one is a little may
wait oh that's nice
we all need a bit of French another oh
it's really cute it's so cute guys look
with a core everything I'm going to show
you guys the M changing room up step
that sack right here all right so I try
one on they also get ice creams
delivered some in here
talk about you said not tell anybody but
I'm telling you guys it's inside
information we have many friends this is
Dominic storm I didn't get one little
bit I'm going to take these as well
these two jumpers how cute look it's me
you help this place is so cool I never
even knew this is here okay back in the
car it is so hot at that I don't know
what the temperature is anything we will
say
nice
32 degrees and saw in a car anyway that
want to be replaced is no place like I'd
like that's that what the pound needs is
like just an injection of something
coming on because the town's quite old
like not in a bad way
I love it and but like some of the shops
are catering to like more you know like
middle-aged women are middle aged people
and this just kind of adds like an
element of fun to the town and player
Erica wins with the guardo to the park
and they had a fun time didn't you
oh well you see we need to go home
then I would just point to the things
that acted on
yeah so we have to go home because I
mekinese militants like ten to three and
she woke up not half - oh yeah and ago I
did some other stuff I bought some
uniforms labelled I got em what else
like you oh there's no way to man ok I
need to go name one song handle one
quiet name another song I get is you
till today you see people where Nirvana
t-shirts go on you you put a Metallica
top on and ok you've obviously had it
for years because it's all worn in I had
a secret favourite Metallica song my
halo on fire what's the most famous tie
like a song enter - enter - stop
do-do-do-do-do-do-do well there was a
baby girl called Alessia despite a C and
she would sing her song with her father
that's me
well we are live in a yellow submarine
I've made up the words as I went along
blending with the core versed because we
live in a yellow submarine Yellow
Submarine Yellow Submarine friends I
highlighted needs eliciting so
everything so so busy running having
blood but luckily luckily Emma was he
when do vlog and today heard good things
huh it's just I'm took the clock as well
Pacifica metadata for Feliciano a
horribly new skincare scale kita we're
not matter to me every time I hear that
every time Oh every time I hear words I
hear songs anyone else like that you
know how many times someone said
something I can just like touch your
fake game show you know it's like you
have like ten yeah you have like that
there should be YouTube should what I
don't have corporate a really fun
challenge called like the music
challenge why do I tell you all it is
gonna steal my do you like my idea
yes my idea what do you think you music
challenge drugs my idea so you just like
say word like and the person has to come
up with a song straight away you say
like carrots not she's landed on parrots
and carrot carrot carrot carrot diamonds
are forever because diamonds are carrots
character that zeros and you can do that
you can do that too
it's a new rule that I invented in many
games that is just invented by minutes
ago because I can do that because if I
invent a game I can amend rules so they
are now quite okay see that is why okay
quick exactly
Zack you tell them you tell them that
yeah you tell them
you are so cute
you know that so this is cute
we didn't Landy's look at our little
Handy's they're just so cute though mmm
the cute little holy look at your
forties when she put the Roxy together
she's gonna do it
Hey look put the whole thing together
the little hands together you put it all
together all together now all together
now baby where's your 100 euro I Oh what
you also why do you love yeah how you
doing
yeah I'm gonna good time hey cheese
all right though she never wore my
favorite shoes oh wow that's the
prettiest dress I've ever seen oh boy
you're my favorite little boy oh thanks
I like hugs like my friend a while you
like warm hugs what you know all up
anyways big big whoa oh oh oh
push it though I'm just looking after
this little babe you for her Oh water
what a rescue that's my thing yeah I'm
the dragon II what what where
blood in her ear not in every time you
blood in her ear for some pussy finger
prick leaving freaky
you're freaking me out here man this is
blood in her hair it's okay laughs yes
okay could be get Mickey get Mickey
guardo get me keep or get Batman get
some we get a toy quickly get me a toy
okay last year okay it's okay it's okay
so normally at this time tonight Alaska
has a feed and goes to bed no fee we're
all gonna be crying in a few minutes so
be a cry fast
what are you crying about now
oh no it's guys you can't both cry and
everything is okay everything is okay
the world is some peaceful again Amelia
did you have fun today
oh so much fun fishy but you don't want
to leave any one of our toys
what and a letter yeah I get it I get it
Amelia okay watch I guess right I'm
calling Jessica's mommy right now and
I'm saying how - it helps together night
night you guys yeah that's a way hmm
happy Easter hearts for Eduardo oh oh
happy Easter is wardo
Jeremy Wilson is dead what is it was you
want to go jogging as Waldo oh my
goodness look at this daddy this is
something about your rubbers
