oh you can feel them kicking her good
girl good girl
yes you are the best girl the best
little girl huh hmm no expecting fathers
have to wait outside
I think father's left the wait outside
you actually really feel the puppies now
they're really active when you put your
hands on her belly so I could be today
guys hold on you guys like waiting for
food joke oh my goodness they're good
all the tweets and stuff coming in like
it's so funny don't hate me
turn a date or hate the game don't like
control refresh all right yeah
anyone easy to find hard to believe
April we get enough laughs you are keV
IQ candid this can't be real oh my god
so cute oh my god so cute April Fool's
Day it's always yeah Irie actually read
the news this morning I always I follow
on Twitter I follow like you know like
BBC news and Time magazine I called it
from news stations around the world and
I'm I always read all the headlines but
an April Fool's Day you always read them
in anything like that one sounds a bit
odd you know because as always like
don't believe anything you hear on the
internet on April Fool's Day I can't
believe I actually came up with a really
really good one like so that's really
awesome I hope I hope I didn't upset
anyone is about no I can't get one I
think it's a joke I didn't get one think
it's a joke
well they Alby I was in town on last
night when I was making a picture and
everything I was like oh my goodness
like I've seen actually you've seen
actually kids birth today or while I'm
actually doing it she'll actually ruined
my joke because I'll be in the middle of
no no no no no into bed inside in in and
get excited I know when you hear Alby
come on again in in know in people we're
gonna do it tomorrow I'll be on watch
the watch the blog today let me be open
6 o'clock
you'll see it at the end of the vlog um
I probably won't get one cuz it just
look after them and stuff so just add
watch the blog you'll see it at the end
of the vlog today's Bob this is so funny
I cannot believe I'm punkin everybody
it's so funny like when Molly my sister
called me it was like oh my god it's so
crazy I was like oh well I hadn't got
out of the bed when you rang what do you
said Abed what do you upset about did
you hear any first thing in the morning
I was half asleep I'm sorry
just look watch the blog today and
you'll see it all happen and you'll see
why I didn't I didn't tell you this
morning I was so tired like last night
we were up all night looking after him
you know if we have a baby because I
never thought about this morning's Rangi
to me like 9/11 morning or something
under Sun they are 85 I don't know what
it was you know and I was like nah
there's no puppies in it I know because
I forgot I was doing it you know and
then I go yeah and then I taught I
really thought she was gonna blow it you
know and instead I've all you agree
because then she's like so why didn't
you tell me she was upset cuz I never
told her I was like oh my god I can just
keep this up so I'm so sorry like I'll
just apologize okay like it's so funny
oh my god who asked me look good I
thought this is really funny right look
somebody actually am found it looked
like I could hear your AR Noreen all
right good she actually found the
picture that I had actually had in
Photoshop and I created this thing from
but am cuz it's like half and half it's
like I'm like oh my god this is so cool
yeah graduations Interop like No
distally I refuse to believe this oh my
god ever yum yum yum yum yum yum
oh my god said my brother just texted me
daddy was like oh here's so many more
pictures that are puppies like they're
so cute I was like oh my goodness oh my
goodness oh my gosh
anything expect oh it's gonna be this
good did you because you told him
yesterday on the phone he retweeted this
your mom I bet your mom told her no
we're gonna find out tonight we're gonna
ask them bet you bet you a check would
you write her a cheeky cheeky bugger
what does that two nine one cucumber
yeah
or two nine cucumber and light
mayonnaise leave comments below cheeky
cheeky burger tuna mayonnaise thing
uh-uh no no yeah I'm the squishes head
and you can't just mush it down
no that's not how you do it
oh my god don't break Wally you're a
 Wally you press the button at
the back there was a hand you do the
head - what have you done
no no no careful
oh crap over my cars of it however those
little and they were like that's this is
not a kind of a toy this is more of a
display piece but I like it the way it
is might be hiding from you
Allen Funt come to mommy
I'll be I'll be in being attacked
come on like he already facto he already
backed up yes you remember is that
probably I'm sure you've tormented him
in the past with this yeah yeah the one
o'clock yeah you don't you yeah
creepy alright that's enough that's
enough now let's put water back you can
do with your staff Wally
cuz they do helpful I know I know where
is it are you dad says it the collective
no no no Anna no just walk away just
walk away don't just walk away no that
goes too fast that fires things you know
you have to keep the batteries in it
here's my batteries easy own words toys
I've seen in my life look you you don't
even have any art that's a collective
decision that 160 euro no plenary is it
Bobby what are you doing with my sock
you give that to me now
yep let's go Liam let's go go go dorium
reminder prodigy dance so where that
one's really cool and you guys parties
you down what my sucks are on I win skip
stops yeah come on come on now come on
now lads
that's very shoes
haha now I'd like to looking for my
shoes
I need the Brum Brum keys we want food
we want food
hey perfect I was told my dinner be
available when I got here oh my god
mother style but it's turning to a teddy
bear
holitzer no no seriously look mama style
I turn into tapir no no this is legit
like this is real that would be awful
I'll be waffles hello my hand is empty
it's work it's for grabbing things good
afternoon
oh honey I think it's a toy and Erica
I'll enjoy it now
you see nice it's a real person it's a
pretty good banner well I'm a little
bear
Oh real bear Oh real where teenies as
your pups pups oh my goodness last night
guys you can actually see the pups
movement wasn't it crazy well you're
watching like that guy nice jacket on
the head so weird and now you're doing
some reality yeah and you do it all the
time you just don't realize yeah because
you order we need a quick getaway
plus it's cousin of bird poo what you
mean haven't you man yeah what kind of
wife are you is the much
so you set a table so fast oh no okay oh
nice
for a cname he's never actually I know
she's faking I just swallowed a few zips
yeah
well done
now get the knives and forks lankans is
important napkins hasn't folks in
Matthew let me put some more girls knife
one two three four how many people are
here no five Oh sound or five six
including Franco got eleven including
all the puppies
so as at 11 o turkey included into two
dogs 14 included into bear 15 16 18
including all the cats oh my god what a
big family
what is this again anyway trap honey
nice hey you've just loads in here oh
yeah happy new job this Mapple be good
that bear is so cute
daddy's birthday very soon well 20th 28
and 28 days it's Abby's gonna be free ah
you happy tree healthy and you're gonna
be a parents to like five children
before you're three
your - well you're one you know even to
one-and-a-half Thank You Charlie's
birthday he has to give one to me and me
poops so if you guys are gonna hang in
there for their 28 days I think they are
because there's loads of movement huh
isn't there mm-hmm
no hitter she's so like little a little
pot-bellied pig or something look at the
site a little dum-dums oh oh that's
Annie Emma guy what's in this is there a
cream cheese in oh she's a bit of a snap
for isn't she
don't snap oh oh you shouldn't snap her
oh my god and you guys never seen a film
from Roddy Doyle the snapper is it a
baby or a turkey have you ever seen that
the snapper it's really funny why did I
get a smaller one than old preggers here
let's spread to different profitable
let's eat your chocolate cake no I'm
waiting for everybody but I got a small
one you got a big one okay well I kind
of invite them out
didja
pregnancy he have your pops tonight Xena
you having your pops now when you have
in your pups everyone wants to know
never
I get thee a little belly full of
puppies your belly full of puppies is
that that's it guys you had a hundred
thousand subscribers it's seen as having
a pup so I think we need about seventy
eight seventy seven thousand subscribers
so you guys better get busy
mmm smart cookies
apparently Smarties have the answer how
many Smarties of the answer
I don't care so we just need about a
hundred million sweets for tonight
it's about it okay
as well
nice because guys we did actually do a
really good week than we we did what we
said we were going to do we had a really
good week no takeout or anything like
it's time to award ourselves
it's on here you see two four nine well
that's not as good yeah Easter Egg
Easter Kipling's yeah I know
did you get them again we're talking to
myself
oh no talking to you
are we thinking rethinking press the
deals the meal deals she finds six five
really when I'm craving my pregnancy
cravings
I do have Peggy see Peggy tonight
thinking I got just ridiculous I do
I know pregnancy cravings I am craving
pregnant people last night
I was actually able to feel and see
their love puppies moving so I'm gonna
see if you guys can actually see did
hello puppies moving okay my heart
because you gotta you can feel them yeah
yeah yeah yeah it's gonna be a bit too
lightly all right wait Joan will do
we're gonna try again a little bit don't
wait for it to count instead of go to
sleep and then I'll try again another 20
minutes or so and I'll see if I can
actually get it because it's amazing
like when you put your hand on it you
can actually feel a little like pause
and stuff like kitchenette she is
panting a lot more I still think there
could be a day or two in it you know she
still has an appetite it could be a week
in there so yeah like his last time
remember he's like oh yeah she's well
pregnant then and it was like he could
thick bones and even calcified like you
know so the coronary I just find that
now only the last day or two she hasn't
been able to get in the couch you know
that's like a new thing you know and she
still has a full appetite you know so
you know she still has a full appetite
so you know they said like she'll lose
the appetite you know and then she will
start to want him to be on her own
yes she's nesting a little bit but not
not anything outrageous she did Stefani
over and I'm like I saying you know
there's only only in the last day or two
it's are starting to be a lot of more
activity with the puppies when you hold
I actually got it at your mom and sister
today yeah yeah yeah they held about it
you're like oh my god it's so weird you
know cause it's like I think with a
human value there's always known
anything like one lot sometimes there's
two what did the puppies because there's
so many of them hmm all right let me
just we will go and watch jerseylicious
and when it's over I'll go and see if
she's calmed down and see if I can get
you guys some puppy movements
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
