good morning so I'm just wrapping up
this is Dillon's present we actually
bought this about a week or two ago but
I didn't put it under blogs because I
know it's sometimes my brother or one in
his case or something can watch the box
I was like no no no so I just wanted to
show you guys quite wrap it up because I
think it's an awesome present like but I
said you must like now I do apologize it
the present I guess Dillon might make
your life more difficult he's like as
long as it wasn't a drum kit that's like
Belle but it's not cool oh yeah Pitt
knows awesome then here's them here's
Austin's present Chris Austin's
christening he's getting all the clothes
that we bought nice from the pumpkin
patch but I'm just getting everything
ready rushing at the door no time to
talk guys here's all the Friedens of PS
nobody had puppies last night yes do you
promise not to have your puppy so we get
home you promise not to have your
puppies till we get home do you do you
give me a hand
i cena cena put the beds at the beds no
time no time for vlogging
mr. turn for the add the big style of
one in castle so we ended up coming down
here pretty at water right enough
leave some fruit or something
be starting shall I go in something
nasty yeah I didn't get my outfit this
morning
I'll never just go underneath things and
these things over here
to have something you know coffee cup
holders drinky holders nice first big
long driving the new car guys it is
going superb you want to pull in over
there we'll just keep going you seem all
right you guys all right back there how
much longer is not what Oh we're over
halfway anyway okay no it's half nine so
yeah please keep going
I think that we finally good if I just
go back to sleep first
yeah yeah so they can go in her garden
yeah yeah yeah I just think you'd
understand a bad scene is all like still
asleep there so - I'll just leave her
there and it's mosey on off to Grandma's
we go today oh oh it's pretty messy
about that
okay so let's hope when we get back
outside there ain't a car full of
puppies you can only hope I know I know
that's a weird say like practice
practice my belief
it's a heavy are you a baby yeah
you Austin John I Knight you with the
oiler prison me Christ makes you
memories royal family to Christ our Lord
amen
okay that's done I don't my god like
everyone has babies like that is the
perfect thing to do if you're about to
have a baby
what's that now how many dogs are in the
car this is my question will we hi any
any puppies any puppies oh I forgot
about that
oh I forgot to give in the presences on
oh yeah we did I recognize any puppies
any puppies in here huh mm-hmm
let's bring him for a walk ease look at
this look at Grandma made I got my mom
made you actually made clothes what
that's crazy I'll put them in the back
well I'm put the thing back on you put
the jumper back in that's so cool
now behave behave no puppy so far no
theme seems fine so oh it's like what's
that my mom can run their heels in her
little skirt vodka vodka yeah this is a
little bit difficult my heels
we're sinking in the grass but just as
all they're not very high so it's okay
see me I see mr. yogi and no good girl
you have in your books where are you
going Alvey
Xena
I get this guy's isn't that funny look I
have a black car my mom is a black car
and my brother has a black car we all
Bob like ours maybe that's a thing
polenta and stuff
whoa bread and the christening is over
long way back
any sign of puppies back there oh my God
look at all these bad I know they're
calm down - calm down we're back in the
drive now we're back in his eyes fine
and she's pregnant
I know I don't even like get it together
huh guys we are in Lucan this is where
Jedward live maybe we'll see them look
over there there's a there's Liffey
Valley so I get massive big shopping
center I don't even know if you can see
it because it's kind of off there in the
distance but uh yeah this is a Lucan
leave me comment if you live in new car
new home liqui liquid juniper liqui
Ellen's new pork Ireland look on you
know good morning for the second time
today
Oh part two today part two I'm so tired
but uh the rest home everything's no no
you're not a puppy are you yeah or not a
puppy all right over here hmm
I met this one here yeah how are we
doing let's have a look it's a good look
yeah there's definitely little kicks
going on mm-hmm
but yes you know if you want to go ahead
and have your puppies now that's that's
okay just just so you know okay you're
allowed to have your puppies now I know
we had a little talk
morning environment prefer if you didn't
have your puppies in transit but you can
have your puppies now okay okay just so
you know all right let's get some let's
start the day second time today oh it's
like just place to be drove like two and
a half hours or in almost three hours
went to the christening went back to the
reception christening thing and then
drove under three hours or so back here
like oh my god I'm so pooped huh you
wanna go peepees huh go peepees I'm
thinking also am tomorrow is April
Fool's Day so I'm thinking of doing
something and I'd like to do something
I'm like we talked about in the car and
I was like oh my god I have such a funny
idea because by the time this is gonna
go up at 6:00 p.m. on April Fool's Day
so I'm thinking why don't I do something
really funny tomorrow morning on
Facebook or Twitter and then by the time
you see this now I may have already done
something so you're you might be like oh
my god so if I actually think planner we
have to do it if I have done it I will
show you later on when I'm actually
making it and then nothing you'll know
that it's not real but I don't know I
don't say anything cuz I might have done
it so yeah yeah I don't do everything I
say I'm going to do to us oh my goodness
is it ah we're opening the Italian roast
oh yes you know one's finally done I was
drinking it got really quickly trying to
get to the new one come on Edna get some
munch down in a tusk oh because we just
realized that we hadn't got any kiss you
remembered a time that trip we did down
on Monday or is that Sunday last week
where we bought food for the entire week
it works it actually works we had dinner
every day for we did a five day job and
I was amazing that was amazing I wasn't
gonna cheat I want a round of applause
ha ha
so Dan the old downside
when we came back and then had our
snooze and then woke up and then
realized we had absolutely no food in
the house apart from did yum scrum ADIZ
that we bought from the farmers market
but that's not really a food that you
can eat but Saturday night and then
we're very tempted to order takeout like
pizza or something when I was like no
I'll resist that I will use the power of
my car to drive me to Tesco and get some
food this way I'm we don't have get a
takeout we got something nice but we'll
get something tasty because that's a
Saturday night and then on Saturday
night people there's some sort of
international rule off on a Saturday
night you should get something tasty for
yourself tasty for yourself and
somebody's significant other get your
family a treat by your family a cake
it's a Saturday whoa Oh can't believe
I've actually spent an entire week
actually having the Apple and cheese for
breakfast so I think I found a new
breakfast thing and I really really
enjoy and it's really healthy for you so
that's a total plus another round of
applause for me
liubao once all of just rough lines
try these out because I don't come on
about them so I'll see you down at but
I'm gonna get
laughing cow again it's odd since ponds
5/16 give big ones these ones but I won
so oh my god look with actually I've
started doing it red velvet red velvet
ripple cake that's the bando is our
wedding cake so when I get that for nice
because I think you'll appreciate it I'm
on appreciate at all
isn't it the more you love somebody the
more you love spoiling them I think
sometimes Anna knows that and she
actually lets me but she actually likes
when I go to a test on my own because
when she's here I'm on no champ I
depended shows it's too expensive but
then when she's not here Mike oh I don't
show their lifes to bandage arias and I
get that for her you know cuz it's like
you know asking for it or something you
know and I want to make them happy ends
up
it's a funny - such a magical war that
goes on anything by an ice-cream and
being in love there's some pizza because
it's the weekend and a weekend shouts
beat which one
hmm so many to choose from
I'm a fan of duck or Oscar myself
I got a funny one or what's the other
one there guys on Saturdays that I love
Fitz but I like never buy it feels like
so bad P but then once a week myself and
have it
what is your favorite like Coke Fanta or
Pepsi or thing drink you know you like
Diet Coke type of person because I am a
Fanta club or ng person but I don't know
some red velvet cake that's our wedding
cake Deena know what ah crud that was
the whole point
oh yeah I wanted it no give me a pack
know if it's not the wedding hey I got
this rotten tube in yeah what's super
fun yeah yeah very nice okay I really
need my brother isn't it next week yeah
yeah I took a bite he was like is it
good I was like yeah yeah I liked it
like I personally liked it but I don't
usually like keeps about public and I
was like it's definitely got a new pod
and twist to it and he was like so he
takes me any like burst out laughing he
was like yeah because they just gets
every dinner with alcohol there so it
was so funny but I my I made it worse
because limoncello I didn't know any
much I thought it was like a little
after sweet dream
yeah as I just dropped back my leave on
chatting all night moon YUM
it's like a crazy spirit yeah and the
guy cuz we had these like waiter guys
and he was like they were just like
stare at you and wade through it every
time you took a sip of something world
over and Philip I hope you know and we
were drinking wine and they're all right
but you're paying for this whole thing
like red or white and I was like oh no
I'm not drinking wine they're like what
Ben didn't go and talk Rene night yeah
look there's a problem here right Jacob
was like no no just water or whatever it
is like are you sure it's like so they
draw my my water glass eventually got
field of white wine so we're on right
there's a confusion and then suddenly I
feel like that was the most amazing like
you know what do you use the guy right I
think most of our money went to this guy
we had this this man right he was like
he would if I asked him to kill some
because it was like Hugh his job he just
stood there and stared at me for writing
across the banquet hall and anybody if I
just kind of like it's a half that go I
wouldn't mind it yes yes sir they were
so like the bride and groom are like art
we are their loyalties yeah yeah it was
really nice they just make you feel so
special
well I super that guy was deadly day you
just feel like the Queen and it was
there's no partisan what you can just
hire that guy just to have him around a
habit you sitting over in that corner
over there and be like yes
Nicola because you'd probably like some
sort of it and in Italian special forces
assassin
you know like Jack Bauer of Italy tracks
yeah they're hers okay the caretakers
yeah I know whatever that is that and he
was introduced me of course I was really
polite to him like I mean I'm plank to
everybody didn't care you would carried
a girl like Katie I don't care has
amazed him but then I didn't realize who
he was next thing he turns up in a white
suit no like yeah cuz he was trying to
get all the table and started and he was
like really stressed about everything
but he was so they were so nice there
was actually not the reception
everything they were like I was trying
to pay for stuff twice okay now and
they're like no no you've already paid
for everything but taking out my card is
I'm getting my money like the stupid
tourists like okay so you may have seen
on Facebook yesterday or on Twitter I
decided it because it is April Fool's
Day that I would play a little April
Fool's joke on you guys cuz I was like
oh my goodness like everyone knows was
seeing this dude fuck you soon
and I was like it is it's just it's too
easy it's too easy you know so um this
is this is a picture I found right so I
found this picture here which is a Bijan
where that two puppies and then this is
what I made this is the one I put up
here so I'm cloning it and making this
in Photoshop so I started with this one
and then I'm actually I'm a ended up
making this picture I'm out of that
small picture so it's not awesome like
so I'm sure I think like you know cuz
it's this video obviously went over
about six o'clock so whatever length is
like 20 past six or something probably
um you probably saw I don't kill me
don't kill me for it it was a it was on
his idea okay wasn't it was my dear but
am isn't it funny did I get leave me a
comment if you
April Fool and you can't give out to me
because April Fool's Day that's just how
it works that's the rule of April Fool's
Day
now it's your your goal now is to go and
fool somebody else go for it hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because that would be
