oh my goodness guys look at this
look ha oh my god did you know you never
told me that's so cool
I'm a farmer farmer ldu a farm dog here
my farm dog go round up the Sheep rather
what the sheep herd herd the Sheep
there's there's there's a lob get the
lamb so cool oh my goodness so guys I
can ask a couple of times on Twitter and
on Facebook and in the comments below to
show you guys how I actually cut up my
Apple so I'm not making a whole video
about it on another Channel because it's
you know a few seconds but em I will
show you
plus our last Facebook and oh god I
can't really isn't it but I am you know
who you are
because I actually would like to you and
I said I it was last night and I know
where you got it so I was like you know
what tomorrow morning I will show you
how I cut up my Apple and you asked and
I shall reveal my technique jovis is
technique for skinny slim slices the
perfect skinny sinem slice first well
you don't have to take the thing out but
I'm just gonna twist it then I'm gonna
wash the Apple as well so yeah come on I
like to use a big knife like a long big
night I find it easier to cut the Apple
there's a slice the Apple which
obviously that's the easy part
slice it directly in the middle again
I'm gonna just take this and not too
much but I go deep and then you started
take out the core of the Apple and then
that's what we're kind of left it we
just say you've got a little groove here
which makes it easier to chop it and
then chop it again and then chop it one
more time
you should be left to put a line each
time because when you cut the little
core part f and then I don't know we can
see this slice it down again and then
you should
yeah the perfect slice of apple and you
can cut it again if you want to but um
sometimes love to see that sometimes I
wear like this this fella here see he's
a little bit finer I'm actually gonna
slice that one again and then repeat the
process over and over again and there we
have it a bowl full of really thin
sliced perfect little apple pieces oh my
goodness guys this is so complicated but
we've come a long way Harmony's I think
to move in all right so now the he1 what
you much I needed to fix that problem
there look at the Twitter one oh yeah
and the fast book one it's not so cool
that now YouTube's fix that problem
there and each of those opens up into
the channel so nice we are on back you
guys go do that on the pace back in
Douglas no that's not the thing
let's see what you get when you're right
get spread is the seasoning face is
clear looking in the plan without it oh
you want actually perfect this is really
nice and no one tell house even seen
that up we came here I get in trouble no
pup's yes oh fuck the accuracy
although what some movements this
morning are checkered I like kind of
land rely on my hand for a while and I
can feel definitely like a little foot
kicking or something yeah
what she always do that yeah but you
don't have the touch me and Cesar Millan
like this
it's so like noticeable crazy isn't it
the green notes from that top like
sometimes make it more notes for nothing
right away oh yeah
I want Asian salad what is that what did
it
now don't put them I think it's maybe
there
no no just leave it there for the moment
I gotta eat this first
is it should be are you jealous are you
jealous when we commented were jealous I
bet you are that so young bread yum-yum
I'm so glad all the veggies and the
salad and everything never heard of that
seaweed salad it's not real seaweed but
had an attorney we don't sue yeah cuz my
friends when heard he turn her into a
salad she is Chinese and she
her baby came out pretty very yeah and
she said all right guys let me comment
if you at sushi are a seaweed America
the shakes smoke - chicken
dock villains
oh my god salmon English market is that
the one no Odie English markets one in
town yeah Equipe ending
ladies very cute we'll be having that in
three months yeah it makes them yeah
that's so good
mm-hmm okay take this whole thing
it's a real nice one are the letter
things to make a pen cool guy well
actually we'll probably make it by the
name ok stars is dinner at all it's so
cool this bedroom this would be so cool
looked at all bunk beds is it there the
one you're looking at the yummy mommy
one wasn't it yeah but it was in pink
but it's this one you were going to buy
online yeah but in pink well there's
only blue and pink unless you got one
for ya it's a lucky thing let's go back
oh yeah little vanity making the videos
oh no this is so my child will have King
chair Sarkozy for me for me obviously
Oh for you to sit in it cute like come
here come here
oh the little baby oh I want to get in
there you get in the car with your baby
is that allowed
what's kottpower bumpers honey for tests
regular matches Aero sleep mattress get
the white no I like this would i like
the beige this is the brand that I was
saying but I really mean is who comes
with like pictures look looking at
pictures of ramble is we're all having a
baby
oh what's that is that the Moses basket
thing to get a Moses basket or not to
get amazing basket is the question I
just really like this I don't know why
just look so solid or something so nice
she's so much stuff oh you have to get
them a wardrobe oh yeah it goes to bed
nice you know nice so it's nice that
they go together though this thing is it
no it's different you know what it is
though it's your bed he goes the inner
bed well how long's that gonna find the
exact I know but you see the one mother
Karen all right it's similar to that
what is that brand that is so nice
what does this do does that make you
think of babies don't listening to me
I'll just over here talk to Mike I'll
talk to my elephant pulling down yeah up
it goes
okay so I'm in there you stick your knee
in there and you pull their home this is
this mark yeah so gently put you against
that you see you're kind of pushing it
you what you need to do is you need to
lean and truss just a oh yeah you're
pushing it in here push here and
opticals
got it yay and then there's a little
thing and then you can make sure it yeah
I like that stroller it's the same yeah
yeah it's the same price as well
yeah mm-hmm
garcy yeah because they're asleep you
don't like them off light changing
that's all yeah so this way someone can
open that a while ago I don't know
diaper bag for you Yankee doodles a
nappy bag yes God we have to be like we
have to go through so much there's so
many things that we talk about and then
I always try and like oh yeah America
this and in France it's this and in
Italy and this and in UK it's this like
but am yeah adenopathy bag thing that we
were looking at apparently they're like
soldat everywhere which is like I can
argue one but then she's like look yeah
when are you guys doing we're like aunts
and tamarins like look why don't you
guys wait till August because a whole
new range yeah yeah didn't any seasons
coming out so I was like ok we'll wait
quarter past what's right again we go
straight to doctors
you wanted to go to our guys why don't
we go to mine first - artists began I'm
getting like I show you in a minute
I know we're gonna finish off and like
obviously it was obvious that we were
pregnant you know like but that's the
first time anyone's everything like
looked at my bump and gone why don't you
do oh goodness gracious me and you guys
near Wilton today Friday at about 4
o'clock holy crap was there traffic so
we forgot our file I don't know if you
have to bring it to the GP I think it's
just for senior MH no you're gonna get
in trouble they're fighters are that's
it it'll be ground it'll be fine like I
know sorry I'll say I'll take the blame
let's do it completely my phone guys on
my document my sisters started saying
like over will lead you have to get this
one that's like oh no don't we just do
these people they drive you crazy you
have to have this and you gotta have
that they drive you're bonkers and more
important they drive you're bonkers
after the pregnancy winabi
and I say you gotta do this with the
video game gotta do that they try to be
crazy so you just use your motor
mistakes potato no that's your polish
babies the 139 140 defeated returned the
fever rate is about 140 where's the
mothers about 60 to 70 so I did not
expect this morning when I woke up to
hear pang kogas heartbeat today would
that just like happened he was laughing
at me because I we sure he's okay like
how about like you know cuz exactly is
like you already get to DA Prez you're
like yes please didn't get the Doppler
he got like it was like a sonogram
things yeah like some really old thing
yeah even put the jelly on and
everything and I was like oh my god this
is like a sonogram without the screen
yeah yeah he took my blood pressure he
didn't even tell me if it was normal he
just like put the thing away as like
waiting for him to say like yeah it's a
bit lower its but high or whatever he
didn't say anything so I'm assuming that
was normal and then he didn't he was
like okay you're done
and I'm like oh he doesn't even weigh me
he doesn't do anything I was like that's
cool like I prefer that because I hate
when doctors way you and then it's like
you know it's like I don't know fur girl
you just don't want to be weighed so
yeah that was perfect just simple no
he's just so like he's really chilled
out and he's not he's not chilled out to
the extent that you'd actually be
concerned
ya know you don't want that either but
he just like you know it's just like
there's so much fuss like you know
people have been having babies for years
I call I was just I know I'm just really
I think I was good that we had to Harvey
she didn't even tell me like because he
was like oh were they nice to you and
like CMH I was like trying to like hold
back from saying like no Doreen nice but
then I was like yeah I know when we you
know I mean anyone into trouble so I was
like yeah but uh no just like she didn't
even tell me at the ultrasound wat the
heartbeat wise or anything remember she
was like kind of mean and then like yeah
so he said it's one the hybrid is 139
140 I think something like that there's
like a hair I know I told him she knows
frenum but I don't think he heard
anything anyway that was a joke this
what's this what's this what's this oh
that's gonna blow that up huh
you're gonna have your puppies in here
look
oh look at this guy's huh oh how am I
supposed to throw that all right okay I
was like I can't blow it up to this big
hole honest empty it well that's kind of
clever tempt you really quickly all
right okay blow it up that took a lot of
effort whatever she hits huh hey go see
nice this is for you
this is your little cool huh huh
did you know this is your little area
you like it do you like it
that's he gonna have your puppies when
you get some questions don't make it
nice and soft and all in there
what am i here she'd be big enough I
didn't want to play the to much as well
like in case it was two solids this way
it's kind of soft as well you see Cena
can actually like push it down if she
wants to hop out what AM yeah that's
pretty cool you like it
are you gonna in circles for it
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
