okay so I realized it look like crap its
first thing in the morning I haven't
like obviously you put on makeup word in
my hair anything
I had literally just woke up and also
this dressing air needs to be watched
for me so I apologized about what I
wanted to tell you guys that last night
I thought I made cried myself to me and
now it seems so stupid but at the time
it was like really really upsetting
because I was just so upset cuz i'm
we're trying to like you know it gave
cena hurt jonathan made her her a
welcome box and we're trying to like
make her understand that that's where
she's gonna give birth to her puppies
but she usually sleeps on my pillow
like she's my baby like i know that
people are gonna be like like what a
minute
albe but it's just i don't know what
dogs like they pick their masters and as
much as I wanted to find with a lovey so
much in the beginning he never did with
me as much as he did with Jonathan like
he goes tact
he goes to Jonathan and sees Jonathan as
his master and he like pines for him
when he leaves the house with sea nuts
the opposite she's always been my puppy
like my dog and I love both of them
equally like you guys know that but it's
just we bonded like and I I don't know
why but it's just like she always
follows me everywhere she's always being
like that she's just my dog you know and
I'm she has slept on my pillow now for
like since well she slept
they both sleep in our bed and I know
some people think that's wrong and
everything can keep your joy time to
yourselves but people think it's wrong
when like you guys do it with our babies
too and like I have no I mean I don't I
don't want to comment on that because I
don't have a baby yet so I can't comment
on that it's your personal choice like
it's your personal decision and I feel
like it's the same with your dogs know
if you want to see the drawings in your
bed see the joke on your bed there is
it's not my bed but I choose and
Jonathan and I both chose to do that so
they've slept in our bed since the
beginning that's fine
usually out we will go on Jonathan's
pillow and she'll go on mine and last
night
she we've brought her whelping box into
the bedroom
just in case she had her puppies in the
night or whatever and sure enough she
went in her box she didn't come up to
that or anything and she was like
ripping up the newspaper and everything
that's what the doctor car though that
said that she would do and I said crying
like I was like I missed her so much and
literally she was like just across the
room so funny but it wasn't funny at the
time
and I'm Jonathan's like are you actually
crying there's like tears like rolling
down my cheeks hello is it where did we
get post
oh it's LP hope you give me fright
hey lb hey you okay you just looking out
keeping watch good boy anyways um so the
box is like just across the room from us
it's not even that it's not even danced
it's not like it's danced air it's like
some people I know they put their dogs
like in the kitchen and they sleep in
their own bed and they don't even like
think about their dog I would never do
that never in a million years because if
I do that I need to have my house close
to me and yeah so I was like crying
myself sweet it was really stupid and
then this morning I woke up and guess
what she was in the bed she was like at
the foot of the bed so I was really
happy about that and then she went back
in her box again so she's obviously like
getting ready but I'm just so I'm
looking more anxious for her labor than
mine
because I feel like totally relaxed
about my ex mine's like age it away but
that's probably why as well but I feel
just like so relaxed about mine I like I
could care less I'm like whatever
doesn't happen don't care but seeing as
I'm like oh my god
praying that nothing goes wrong you know
that said it's probably gonna be fine he
said she's totally like 100% healthy he
sees no reason but he said he would be
more worried if there was like one big
puppy or two big puppies he said five is
a really good sign it's a sign of a
healthy that are none of them her runs
you know so we're happy but it's still
kind of like it's scary at the same time
so I'm didn't look at all my brothers
brothers all this newspaper she gets the
independent I think everyday was I gonna
owe me yesterday I think we're over
there's like you know your newspapers I
was like nice I've got tons of
newspapers it's funny cuz I came at the
to time was sitting in the chairs and I
was like oh we need to get a third chair
because this is marking f cuts too many
people too many people picky
it's an internet in my study I moved it
I'm sunbathing in my garden in Ireland
in March this is so good it's all gonna
end now in the next few days and it's
gonna be freezing cold again I know I
know but like there's no wind there was
not even a slight breeze there's nothing
it is so yeah it's very nice I'm just
sitting here I'm like oh my god like at
the top off I'm just like chilling here
and I'm just like this is crazy like
it's March in Ireland this is not normal
but I'm not going to complain because
it's all gonna come to a an end soon so
insects
pretty fast cuz we're on the motorway
but I'll be still loves it
yeah well she doesn't really have much
space and
good so cool there's nothing nicer and
like driving out on a sunny
you know windows open
peace out yo coming back from the Popo
Joe first Nina look at the amount of
stuff that just arrived guys holy crap
what the heck what have you done oh I
just can't stop saying it like it's
probably like oh my god what is going on
what has happened like global warming is
awesome I'm Pro goofy but warming is so
hot I Eve not just wait come on come on
is it too hard for you I'll be just dry
it up guys the drink is are gone
uh-huh they found the shades but it's
probably nice and cool in there is it oh
oh you just like that huh come on guys
we're going home now okay I'll get some
drink ease what I'll have fun no I'll
have a good time place is so packed
today that's right because it's so sunny
it's like you're not part of the
hardcore gang hardcore winter gang I
know
yes you is so windy I think that's the
key there's no wind today yeah I hope it
keeps it up though this is be cool
this is it now for the summer band the
drinkies
yeah she's going for a swim you gotta
have a water bird
yeah it's so cool
you know she gonna lie down
what are you doing Alvie oh you wouldn't
go ahead she's probably loving it like I
know so cute
is she a teacher who's gonna lay down
yeah you want to you want to get them
wet all over dad's car we try by the
time we get there so we should build a
pool in our house now if you start
clapping puppy - OH
come on lovey
moving
he's nice and clear though excising
clean congratulations
love from me from County Clare
number-one fan I always wonder who that
was and it turns out it's knee from
Clare I can't believe you're having a
baby
I know me too I know you guys be amazing
parents oh thanks maybe especially for
you I'm not really sure what that is
look at this cute uns oh my goodness
look at this Villa discover with our
friends I think this is for you is this
for me it'll fit me right you know the
way to poo hoppity hippity hop three to
six months
yeah what are these things for oh it's
uh for eg changing maybe so you know
keep this thing opens up here maybe
that's for changing oh boy I ever know
I've ever had baby clothes before why
would I have baby clothes I never change
they're not people they're goodness
that's obviously not for me don't know
but it's there geez man
Oh put on top of the baby go with the
dishwasher tablets listen
night I don't know them they're from Sam
Sherman that's the Bose J helped in that
way probably didn't oh thank you for for
a second arrow it's like on that just
summed up like me like what oh no a
family huh that's so cool let's open it
up
oh it's handmade ah look the kids wrote
on it that's so cute
graduations and a geophys Alvey and Xena
now why is Anna in bold and I
not question our kids made this made you
guys discard so you can see their sign
their own names rating is five karna and
K Co 4 and of course the twins last but
not least Gracie is two years old and
left those pretty scribbles over there
oh that's so cute thanks so much thanks
so much punch see what's in here
okay I thought that was gonna work repel
badly what if you know what it is how do
you know what it is you were like oh my
god yeah a hot the little ones you know
onesie little feet
it's so cute look faded glory I never
had it opens oh my goodness if that's
the size of a baby's arm why don't you
say 0 to 3 oh my god 0 to 3 and then 3
to 6
that's what worked out clothes are
sorted you need one pair clothes right
what oh my god a bamboo pen höganäs oh
that's so cute isn't it oh that's right
she tweeted us Angie oh yeah thanks
that's so cool though hey that came
really quickly didn't it from the US
what is that is that for a kid yeah
baby's first hairbrush and comb said oh
my god it's so squishy it's so small
alright I'm new around here oh my god
it's so cute I love hair like this is
like really warm and like perfect for
like kind of colder and it's for like
three to six so like in three so yeah
it'll be winter that'll be December
bit later you know are there like pajama
almost so they're all fine Koga where's
my stuff but I win anything
I'm cold st l'hermite under so generous
you guys no one has to do don't send us
stuff this is so nice so cute oh my god
I'm getting all emotional again it's
like a little person oh my god look let
me see if it's gonna be fun it gives me
a hug look look look
Sesame Street Oh Elmo and I was only
just saying what they care about
Elmo is like we have to get Elmo stuff
ah so cute Oscar Elmo and Cookie Monster
I'll be an expert of all them soon
Oh betters what's this please read share
so much of your life ok that's private
time we'll keep them over there more for
Frank Olga thank Olga I'll be an Cena oh
thank god I'm an apple of my eye the
apple of the Guyanese eye that's so cute
oh my god we actually have a complete
wardrobe at this stage no this one
please opening of life look at him he
wants to get in there is something for
you guys let me open
I used to love you
they're like teething
you can put them in the fridge I don't
know if it's in the fridge what you can
put them in the fridge start your census
collection taken center so does a flavor
hmm no just eating oh so you can chew in
it awesome yeah three months that's so
awesome
well you know what thank you so much
like I don't really have a brother
that's so big I guess massive like oh my
god it looks massive like we should try
and get one of them from every single
country around the world then we can be
internationally beef and cheese mini
dogs beef and cheese oh yeah
made of real meat we'll get around that
in a moment it's so cute alright little
rock star rocky rocky - rock star
Brayden joseph' and rocky oh I like your
hair braids things I'm thinking again
knocked on - we'll look at them in
momentarily because there's a bajillion
of them you gonna give them now there's
actually more stuff Nene's we're not
done yet
oh my goodness is this ever gonna stop
like nope nope it's not it's not
this is ridiculous like I'll be crazy
oh you like this it's a cheese and bacon
100 she's in baekje party rockin party
my room's ooh - am bring milk bottles a
party in my room with you am oh my god
that was just too much oil rotten what's
this our that's our satellite stuff oh
my goodness it is actually Cody's isn't
it why not
this is so much guys
I didn't I didn't shred at the start I'm
so crazy and then there's more style IAT
stuff and guys look at the house came on
oh wait a second what's done Oh body
shapes up look what came
my Joseph Kony pack nice have you guys
seen one of these yet I haven't so it's
a badge t-shirt and then I think it's
like posters and stuff yeah there's all
this different stuff like to put up or
how to put them up a wax put them open
all those kind of stuff
but awesome I'm actually gonna do an
unboxing one on on the other channel
just to show people because I'm curious
and I was looking around to see is
anyone have like what's inside the box
oh yeah look t-shirt bracelet the goods
April 20 2012 that's gonna be awesome
and you guys get one of these Joseph
Kony boxes Joseph Kony in house tonight
what do you think of my t-shirt what
it's actually swimming I actually feel
really slim and skinny in this I do
thank you very much invisible children
you're making me invisible
nice guys if you have not checked it out
check out my video please do have fun
boxing if you want to go here right and
then and then you get in here right and
then you go like and then you go at the
fair okay well yeah check out if you
want to see a quick video about the
unboxing of all this kind of cool stuff
that comes here I think I'm gonna give
Erica somebody its cause I'm gonna
cheese that a big fan of the de Kooning
campaign but I'm yeah check out that
video on a more pressing no shh
Tina's acting really weird like slipping
way like I don't know standoffish and
stuff but she just came up here a box in
the corner
I'll probably just paranoid because
which is waiting for it to happen but
like scary at the same time so I just
came downstairs and it was like because
I completely forgotten about like
everything that we got today not
forgotten about it but like I was just
upstairs or distracted this thing you've
seen on everything I came to like a
mountain of clothes and I just kind of
tidied everything a little bit but oh my
god we got so much stuff that you guys
are so generous like everybody who sent
something for pang Koga or like for me I
mean I'm just so grateful so thank you
so much if you did send something you
really did not have to but I mean it was
just overwhelming we were like oh my god
I cannot believe people are it's nice
it's just amazing so thank you
I am gonna put this box away this is a
box of recycling so that can be recycled
and
dinner even though it's like so weird
lately we've been having dinner like
super I mean it seems like it's super
early but it's actually not it's at the
same time that's just like still right
outside so um today we are making see
where are the veggies here they are so
we're making stir-fry fake chicken
stir-fry with the fake chicken which is
okay fake chicken brown rice oh God
where's the brown rice there's so much
crap in this thing thank you
oh no this may take away oh I found it
okay bread rice whole grain rice and
sweet and sour sweet and sour sauce
extra pineapple so that's what we're
having tonight guys looks pretty yummy
to me and I painted my nails for the
first time in like ages I don't know I
think I actually I was like on a nail
painting kick all like winter or like
around Christmas time and then I found
it I got pricked that we were pregnant
and it stopped because I knew that there
was like this scare or like this I don't
know it was like this thing that some
nail polish and certain ones are not
safe but then I get some more research
on it and the turns I thought um so long
as you buy like certain friends it's
fine
to take it attend today I think I got a
little bit that's crazy like one day it
was sunbathing anyways so um one thing
yeah so apparently the brands that I use
like it says someone
it's like why do they call it D DHA no
that's the different I don't know it's
something that is inside it that's like
bad for you and the ones
turns out the ones that I've had are
fine oh that was like a false alarm
totally because there's no reason to
paint my nails except I'm just lazy so I
have my nails today so I'm gonna get
Dinner started and it's just so early
that's why I'm kind of late but I have
hungry so I'm gonna go ahead and make
there look how bright and colorful this
is sweet and sour baked chicken and rice
is boiling this is so funny I my watch
stopped because the battery is dead
after one year I think that was pretty
good actually but it's out there it's
waiting for its new battery so before I
actually get a new battery I don't
really have any way of timing this I
don't have like a lifetime or anything
in my kitchen so I don't know but um we
do have this really cool oven with a
countdown thing when it counts down
things ping and um the only thing is you
have to have the oven on so the oven is
actually on but it's only ten minutes
that I need to do it for it because
that's how long the Wrights days oh I
have the oven on even though there's
nothing in there so hopefully doesn't
explode that would be very very sad and
just as I was talking about my looking
manicure I broke a nail
yeah great that's why I hate painting my
nails because it actually makes them
brittle painting your nails does make
them brittle and I like my nails long
and yeah when I paint them you can tell
if they get a little bit brittle but
this one just broke on the stupid pack
well I haven't like taken it off yet
because it's actually broken it's
waiting to break I broke out what I was
taking off the packaging off these
veggies but cool thing about these
veggies is they last two goes so
provided we
actually cook them and don't let them go
mouldy in the fridge or chop you want
because the fridge has actually been
through the mouth since we last cleaned
it so I'm gonna put these back in there
we go neat
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
