while you were a little mozzarella ball
I wish I was really tall if I were a
little mozzarella ball I'd run all day I
would never fall for a rolling roll but
the Roland rat
one day soon I'd make my owner of fat
until that day I'll be nice and light a
tasty snack without the front
it's my poem mozzarella balls
by Jove a sofa Tosi's come on chickie
burgers the best news ever
JB and Jamie oh they're back together
guys uh-huh new album from Tenacious D
coming very soon you should watch the
video I put the link on him I think I
put it on Facebook or I put it on
Twitter I'm not really sure if you
haven't seen the video check it out it's
pretty funny this is kind of a piratey
joke thing about now Jack Black went off
and became really famous and Kyle Gass
went crazy when turn this on and stuff
like that then the legit way it's really
good don't want to write it for a minute
but definitely am definit check out if
you're anxious be fine
did you watch it no your name Jay
he ran into the best band in the world
you factor no way ha ha that's
punishment I like I like this movement
yeah this is the March the march of the
burn what oh they just got ready Freddie
oh don't use the first one anywhere done
it I know what it is okay first pot
what's Joe first Joe what's that either
mellow Baldy
I like the smell of basil possession
that was nice and a dinner last night
just a little leak from where Israel
came all the way from Israel
why is it pretty G prism I'd you know
anyone anyway how many of you from
Israel thanks for your basil it is much
rather come from you have no idea
there's lots of words here but they
don't make any sense
all we need is it is a beach started in
there it's tiny we're freezing it's fine
in the case I can't reach mine I don't
know about this Nina no you don't have a
temperature device it's freezing
what's not freezing it's just when the
wind blows my hair's gotten so long guys
like how long it's like it like blows in
my face now I'm like ah bangs in my hair
I'm gonna keep on it and they grow
though then I'd be like we're long maybe
like the end of here I mean like oh my
god that'd be cool so Anna woke me up
last night middle of the night to help
me scene it was having her pups remember
like you know what what she is having
her pups I was like what my god
hopefully go one welcome for see you
know like like so
gonna have them like in the Batman I
like what if she wants to have them but
like she's not gonna have them in the
bed she's gonna want to go down one if
she like just know where to gorge he
just has the one where is sleep like we
wake up were just like puppies
everywhere will you tell us in it yeah
it's just on my pillow
like always how would a few times like I
really will wake up an interesting like
oh my god see us having her puppies
worry she look like try and find her in
the bed I think I don't know what'll
happen like she's not gonna tell us I
don't know what knows we're asking today
anyway the kundi do the scan today
they're gonna find out how far along she
is anyway different like she's supposed
to start kind of she's already doing all
that kind of stuff hmm
certain extent strikes to go into the
bush just likes to live in that bush
their food although he has neither like
so is enjoying the Sun it's huge dot
like look at the size of this thing it's
so big look at you Abby you put them in
there
not that this isn't she just massive
like yeah he's gonna have to slip
through this again no one time one time
yo it's hard to me she slides it's hard
to read to like she's your daughter
to be in any discomfortable I think so
far she's fine yeah oh gosh what is that
where did it go
wasn't it fly it was like a lung we
think it landed on me you're afraid yeah
oh this is cook gym where we actually
what day was that that was like fairly
early on in our career boomer you had
the stick yeah what do you saying I
think I was cuz I had it was started
raining that's why yeah yeah yeah I
don't know we had Cena I think it's just
a bee no it's you it's you share clothes
straight through it was definitely like
autumn winter how much darling I'm
trying to like the middle of where I'm
walking Stan yeah no place where you
live blah blah blah you know oh yeah we
just saw Dalmatian guys it's awesome
they do they do you don't see a lot of
Dalmatians ranch we saw a documentary on
this AG guy who was like a vet but he is
like a at Genesis or what have we called
the genie instances not genius he works
on them
Genesis programs or something and he was
basically trying to breed the spot
back into donations because he was
saying that somehow they've been bred
out Tharoor what the reason was that
documentary thing we watch donations he
was trying to know what was it then what
was it doing yeah what's about to do at
the spot
they were probably breeding too much for
the cold I'm not I'm just hoping an
awesome idea for a film yeah but knowing
she wanted this spots isn't she to make
the coats why would you want a Dalmatian
skins coat oh my god it is I never knew
we have to check that out see for
everybody non-members actually guys
leave me a comment if you are and you
are a member of the Gary dove community
my friends or a lot but I don't know if
she was a member but then we had to give
up because they didn't have any left
handed um I couldn't do it it's
impossible does it have any less any
things but I love pitch in Portland and
it's so sunny maybe tomorrow we could go
do that I'll be so much fun leave some
comments if you'd like to see Anna
attempt picture but no yeah Thursday
tomorrow it's a date it's a date guys
my turn to ride there's like white marks
all over your jacket yeah oh god okay
okay
get help in acute how believe I got
pooed on yeah but which is what's the
white stuff like the odds of that
actually happening people were what
we're in transit and like oh my god I
feel violated
thank you I feel violated I've never
been pooed on before big dog goes near
the dog even touch you like what are you
doing so embarassing the man was like
I'm so sorry it was like it's my freaky
dogs their weird little yellow purse
yeah cool look at this tree oh me too
if we're in The Hunger Games I climbed
that tree but then you know what they do
they probably fire about me what that's
what she did I don't know she's like I'd
use my my skills that I would learn they
were awfully trees yeah this would be a
good spot for the Hunger Games though it
isn't as well-known ever this is what a
beside us it is look it's got a big
thing which means that it's like the
woods are that way that's what that
means
yeah what woodland language all right
woodland people do not speak woodland
this is so cool I guess so no screaming
ice cream I'll be excited like doing
this weird trackers Beckham I can hear
water do that
oh great no Cena's gonna wanna do it too
oh my god is this the pregnancy wicket
wait Sina wait here mom
she's always trying to get ahead don't
break it
come here come to mommy
here you take the crazy one then why no
I was going to country boy I don't think
you can claim that Jonathan I hear
breakage little tree oh great Jonathan
like she's Archie pulling me down
oh my god if I fall it's dangerous
dangerous okay is that go you're here so
the trees just so nice right here that's
you being a coach Ange my clothes so I
said on Twitter
I was gonna sneeze cheeky get that know
if it's gone
Stephanie gonna sneeze dare but we can't
as I said Cola and knew it was gonna
happen then it didn't happen
so yeah I'm standing on Twitter Facebook
oh my god you're so lucky penny let's
read good luck to get pooed on my bird
well like what
so looks like on when someone's like
nobody's talking good motto and I was
like fine I rely and I check it up
euromillions and your meetings is closed
in like three hours or something like
that and I was like huh
well that works out fine and dandy I'll
just go buy a couple of random lying
things on your minions now from the
crack Falls of crack and if you win a
hundred million euros a flyer in the
world but reality is I'm how you're not
gonna win it off okay okay is he now
he's making sure it's not for him Xena
yeah
guys you're not gonna believe this
situation we're having here look I got
the actually I'll show you later
properly for them we just brought we
just can he do it he gave me them cuz I
was like can I take a picture and he was
like he's like you can take the whole
x-rays I was like oh cool like it's the
x-rays do you want to know how many
puppies Cena is going to produce it's
not one it's not - it's not three it's
not four five puppies see this having
five puppies oh my god we're gonna have
seven dogs what which one so you get
with Jack I live how much the America
puppy okay so I just said it on Facebook
all right let's let's get in here I put
it up what have you got
alright let's have a look here we wait
for it to fix itself fix itself okay so
looks like four no three or four
no no seven definitely wrong four five
yeah you win you got it right okay
Martina Martina gets it right three four
four three two three five Nicole whoo
job Danielle's four or five half I've
seen what is that Sina to see Rihanna is
that it see Rihanna then five Katy's at
four or five four loops - at four or
five Carly's at four or five a - at five
Emma says four four four four seven
seven four oh my goodness buta refresh
there hmm
or is it where is it where is it
I've lost it I've lost it
where was I where was I crap where was I
who Sharon Sharon sat for zoli's for
Matt you said five matches a winner
Julia said four or five or kinda looking
for ten on five this fine solid
apartment seen his tail and it was crazy
and three five we're backing on five you
said it oh four oh no okay just million
chilling so we leave them off all right
look what I did here right I knock down
one of the lights so I can actually turn
it up so we can actually look at it but
I'm oh my god isn't that crazy like look
at that like you can see her tail
running up right and you can actually
see them all right look okay so that's a
little head look in its spine right and
then it's the other one the spine and
the head oh my god is one two three four
five
that is insane like we came out of this
and he was like yeah like we talking cuz
he was like I was like what
haha hi hi how are you it was like I
know five puppies I was like oh my god
and I asked him is there any way to tell
the gender and he's like no you can't he
gave me this one too because I think you
wrote on it he's hit he trade does it go
yeah look see right two three four or
five one and this one isn't clear I
didn't use this picture because I
thought this is a better picture to show
you guys oh my god do you know what this
is horrible but the first thing I
thought of
remember aliens only look a little
aliens because you can't see their skin
you can just see their spine on their
head it's not kind of scary but it's not
crazy guys I cannot believe he's
producing five puppies oh my goodness
I'm there too on he said like he's on my
cheek and she could start doing that
tomorrow we're like oh my god tomorrow
he said like Daphne by the weekend like
she's gonna happen it's like oh my god
what this is insane
it all happened so fast I'm so excited
though seven dogs it's like a dream come
true you like it like it see this is the
the vet told me to do
he said if you make um like just get
like a box or something like that
and then fill it with newspaper and then
you want a little hole here so Cena can
come in now
I'll be won't be light in there so
seeing it come in now but just put a
little lip here this by this much
so the puppies won't be able to get in
and out but seeing the can javi you're
not allowed in there okay that's your
place inna if you want to make a mess if
you want to have puppies that's your
private place I just thought I might as
well start making it now all the mess
might as well start making it now
because if he says she's chewing him now
she definitely is going into the corners
and making ourselves like a little nook
so I'm like right well let me just you
know we'll make one nano for her in here
and then she can get used to it and he's
saying that she'll start ripping up
though the paper and stuff which you saw
already in the second ago so and there
look she's climbing down oh my god is so
exciting like guys in the next couple of
logs like in the next few days like when
he's aged you guys I'm gonna just log in
who's gonna be puppy they're like oh my
god is so exciting it so scary and
exciting at the same time isn't it it's
so crazy
to keep you away though huh you go into
these beds here can you pop and he was a
mcdowell make it all like cushiony and
soft and all that stuff because it's
gonna be like you know there's gonna be
discharged
followed by puppy followed by afterbirth
I'll be I'll be no no it's not for you
it's not for you go on on your way sorry
but like good girl
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
