maybe I should put the plant outside
this is so awesome since it's really
sunny out here might help grow you know
just leave it up for her well the
Suttons out anyway should probably help
it grow I think so anyway I don't see
why I wouldn't okay that's it so munch
munch undergo a Polian check cheesy
trick Roberto strawberry or oh I like
fall to the files dad in a second let's
give this a wash but it's mine hey KKK
ok here it up I'll be don't give enough
explore hafiz ok guys nice turn that
frown upside down like he looks like
it's like floating there
it's so good i don't even know you guys
can see that
it's a random bird I didn't know you
guys can you can see that so nice yummy
you're prepared for the world now
stretch first we will prepare for the
world today I feel more prepared for the
world of the night isn't it funny how
when pan Koga grows up and because we
just read a tweet that there one in
three babies born this year will
probably live till her over a hundred
and it's kind of like garlic when I grew
up there was no internet there was no
mobile phones there was hardly any
television I don't even think we had TV
when I was kid like you know we didn't
like I remember like two channels on
when I was about like like 10 or 11 but
no no no we didn't have TV and aren't
like you know I'm like you had like you
know cars run on like leaded petrol and
diesel and self and it's like huggaz go
to grow up in a world where like cars
run on electricity like you've got
mobile phones and not only mobile phones
with these smartphones which are
probably going to evolve even further
you know you've got like internet always
on always access to the internet phones
technology computers like it's just
gonna be a whole different world then I
was saying like I wonder what pan kogas
children like my grandchildren are going
to live in a world like where they gonna
live on Mars or something like that
you're like ha ha ha ha joo you grew up
on earth oh you know it's kind of crazy
me and think about it I don't know
saying that she saw this picture a while
ago and it was like a kiss at with a
pencil and it was like you know the
future generations will not understand
how these two things went together and
it's like yeah like how would that make
sense to anybody you know like like a
cassette and a pencil because when we're
like when I grew up anyway that was how
you fast-forward and rewind the tongues
you play a song you know anything or I
run my first walkman
only around 90 only fast-forwarded and
it didn't rewind so your passport a
zombie couldn't rewind the song so you
play the song you want you dejected
cassette from the Walkman and you'd use
your pencil in school to like rewind the
song and put it back in and play it or
turn it on to the other side drover that
turning it on to the other side was like
what you have no idea do you know man I
have an ipod okay when I don't know why
never when DVDs first came out there was
like a joke in the video shops because
we used to rent VHS you'd always have to
rewind it and if you didn't rewind the
video it was like a 50p fine you know
and am and then with DVDs first came out
like you're like old you rewind the DVD
it ever like oh you're so funny now it's
like Netflix it's like no you just you
just count you don't even download it
you just stream it do you just press
play and watch it like it's like what
what I know doctor it's like even
compact discs or anything like that it's
also like you know up here they used to
have good DVD place I'm here what's care
why super sneeze appear up here over
here I was like what was here where we
live in this location oh okay this is
where we used to get our dvds and stuff
Oh over the shops it's like now what do
you think about it you're like it's long
gone yeah yeah your video like yeah well
no do you remember betta max leave me a
comment guys if you remember being a
Maxum we all will all laugh at that as a
cheese children hahaha they were like
these square smaller square videos they
were smaller than a VHS but they were
thicker and you have to eject the thing
in a machine like we had one of likes
and you put it in and you push it down
it was like a huge big device like
and we had a jumbo and the Swiss Family
Robinson and that's all we had so we
just watch that over and over again
Dumbo Dumbo the flying elephant did I
say jumbo well the most kind of jumbo
yeah it's good but those were all
shooting in a television using the
little twisty thing in green you guys
never had that like you just had remote
control he didn't even Chiranjeevi's DJ
know plenty not your thing well yeah I
have to chew me in and you have to use
like the twisty thing or in seated at
the back and the person will be sitting
on the couch we like I can card I see it
I can kind of see it sometimes you just
you just live with it because it'd be
like all like fuzzy and stuff he just
got like I'm done I've been at this for
an hour team trying to find a channel on
the under VHF band those were good times
it's so funny that my little sister has
been well she did have kind of like two
or three years of traveling but she's
been in like Australia and Asia and New
Zealand and interesting like Hong Kong
yesterday which is actually back home
today she's coming back into Ireland
today and look at this like we were
having some sort of a heat wave at the
moment and she's gonna come home and
think like wow actually our it's not
that bad you know otherwise it's like
yeah cuz i was thinkin
yeah everybody else like on facebook
like all my friends like in the US and
everything they're like a heatwave like
one what we're not getting this this is
a few days those are obviously took a
while to get here well you didn't
whether pop pop early and having it
always anyway snow like they're getting
like in Baltimore they're getting like
really really like a mod of heating it
was more normally oh it's really like
the way it is here I know like this time
yeah
it's like the same kind of level I think
I'm not sure how can I draw but it's not
like that honey for third is the next I
look that way but anyways yeah so I was
watching if you was so jealous like
obviously they're getting about better
heat wave and knocked over now every
tues yesterday yeah we're on a team over
dance abnormally dan said gets better
weather but you know obviously very
ignored it pass yeah I don't know any
better but whether or not hahaha you
know way this is deadly look at it
sunshine everything it's still a bit you
feel cool look at rings of that that's
gonna rain no I know me ya lo que dark
and gray that is its my cookie humidity
cloud thing but I we're going to Dublin
so I'm really hoping that this weather
is gonna hang on for the weekend for a
drive stubborn on Saturday and we're
also hoping Cena hangs on Cena ha
hopefully we're gonna try and get it
again to go to the doctor I need to go
on a doctor this week and she needs to
go yeah yeah everyone needs to go
everyone to the doctor stat a fiery
checo checkups deck ups all round and
it's so funny I was like so embarrassing
that was making my video this morning my
pregnancy vlog and I'm so bad at matts
like anyone who knows me knows that I'm
so like I can't even count to like five
like okay not that but what I'm so I'm
like MJ really bad at math you're pretty
bad you're great at English spellings
I'm so bad at maths though I know I was
like I made such a fool myself cuz I was
like oh I've gained seven pounds and I
was like wait what and then I was trying
to count and I actually have to count I
couldn't do it in my head I had to count
like up to eight good thing you're ten
fingers I know I made anything about an
acai embarrassing I was like oh my god
like this is really embarrassing you
can't even can't like eight what the
hell I was like seeing seven and then I
was like wait no I don't know and I
couldn't I just couldn't figure it and I
just totally had like a brain fart
no they were real photo we perfect for
the puppy stuff you know then it's like
oh wait a second deer rabbits of course
they'd be perfect for the puppies but
actually the maltese puppies are like
havoc yah have a lot of similarities is
it huh this one more dog interest now
sir we're gonna have to buy can you all
need to thank you though no no not real
it's two different types of foods my
goodness science plan no you want to go
that one is you're a bigger bag though
look come on is this in here step up you
one but it's this one well we just go
ahead and like it you get 10 months or
to finish we it's rude dog I know I know
you're the last ages so pick one some
puppy stuff baby chopping baby flasher
where we go we don't need means you
don't need needs look at the seat belt
for the car huh remember offended their
cats of unbelief
but their heart is true oh yeah the seat
belts yeah it's UT hundred yeah yeah
yeah we're like you are sad who was that
hey groom was it yeah and she was like
oh yes i cuda we can put the seat belt
rude the harnesses we're like me like
yeah of course I got sit in the front
seat okay see the bonus Charlie free
time free bonus Charlie guys last one it
wasn't even connected nice yeah I get
the lemon one yeah it I was really young
guy stuck in the Sunday paper thing
Bryce fusion oh my goodness if you have
not tried these get yourself some of
them they're so yummy I put yourself put
him with that so isn't it okay we're
just gonna need a shipment of Easter
eggs so plan this week is cuz last week
was a bit of a bad me was I was at one
call it fat week able to pull out a
couple pounds in one room baby oh no I
ain't like seven probably or something
so we're trying to do we're gonna try
and have a good we get to guess we do
you have one good week one bad way okay
okay you don't but every entity and the
bad weeks you're sort of catch up with
you in slip on your next thing you know
it is so hard what are we up to three
dinners no for about three weeks three
three
we can't go ahead of myself okay okay
and then we go one frozen Pete whatever
frozen thing today which means with the
four yeah and the fifth day you know Oh
two tins are nice Padre I'll be never
eats his treats he just takes them I'm
guards don't look that's it they're seen
it grabbed in a minute ago and ran yeah
who's guarding it well the quantum of
excitement I was like Whiteside Tina she
was like nope she just ran back in and
cracked the treatment I was like that's
so mean and I was totally like an
accessory Turk hahaha huh and she wanna
come and I wanna go out in the Cena look
she's wanna go in she's like waiting all
right guys let's deal with this let's do
a grill gate now the grill itself it's
pretty nasty you might think like it's
not too much stuff on that I actually
put this over that day cuz I just
covered it a little too lazy to do it
but em it's time oh oh goodness oh
goodness that is disgusting that is
disgusting and it's gonna take about
that a lot of grafters rifky rafters all
rights get some hot water and go that's
for some faith actually I should
probably scrape off I should probably
scrape off all the excess crap first
before we delve in delving you guys are
right have a grill like this see once
you give tin foil it's fine but you
should just keep replacing the tin foil
thing but it wasn't simple and moved in
and then I didn't have to implement i
forgot i cooked in boiling and then it
just sort of got in a hand but now we
have tin foil so everything is going to
be okay it's okay we have tin foil so we
actually have a semi full fridge for
like for once look hey it's all kind of
organized as well what the hell is this
piece of carrot oh my god
that's say okay so um anjo is just
cleaned the grill you enjoying that
there this is the most annoying sound
ever but I feel it to her because it's
just the end of my to run oh it's lights
nothing it's just a tiny bit sorry my
sandwich and look I keep using my broken
plate even though it's broken I keep
using it because i really like it and
then my water and I should go up and
edit what are you doing boy that's
pretty in there I think well coaster we
bought it just the other day we have so
much fruit now as well we're trying to
be like a healthier well I eat a lot of
fruit anyway but I want to eat it
instead of place you know um because I
eat it like throughout the day but then
in the evening times that easy sweets
and I'm trying to get it that happen but
so we've got this mango yum yum which is
ripening with the Bannus their ripening
each other you know okay yeah and then
we have lots of tomatoes blue breeze
because I eat them all the time for my
breakfast um what else have we got here
oh we've got tons of fruit here got
loads of apples grapes of Kiwis yep
we've forgotten riddle them mmm mandarin
Estelle's that I don't know it's just
like flood it there and then I also
throws some great because I heard um
that's a really nice snack if you're
craving something sweet just like papa q
frozen grapes in your mouth and that
should deal with it the sweet craving so
we have a ton of fruit now I know it's
so I'm gonna go up a minute now put
village I have my tuna sandwich with
mayo and cucumber little Brazil
show you such a crazy person look do you
see do you see history Yeah right there
you're such a weirdo oh my god yes you
are you are a weirdo mmhmm yeah you're
psychotic anyways take it yeah I like
walked in he took it no look at him see
you guys can actually hold on go lay
zoom look at him very white I'm gonna go
over again okay go hawkeyes over here
watching I know she's so depressed she
feels Susie Cena you depressed she's
really depressed cuz like she didn't
know what Jonathan's like is it
something wrong with see not like she's
acting really weird like we need like
Jesus or something yeah it's because
that's where she ate hers she's looking
for scraps hey no just slow down a lot
like super low tops i think my peeps can
be books probably about you they are
lighter do you like next week or
something it's gonna be crazy it's gonna
be crazy in the house my little sis jess
is talking on the phone there she was
like act one that's coming home for Matt
okay Cena and she's like can I have one
of your pups that's like I'll have to
see how many we have first look guys
just like a track we walked the track
Hey look in see the track here goes
across there and random back to running
track
there is something over there know what
that is there's no Pleasant
Pleasantville oh my gosh ain't nobody
move first off and see if we can
actually see them before we go up there
they look like dogs couldn't be rabbits
no the birds hi mom rockabilly count oh
oh I'll be seen it get him seen it get
him I'll beat Alvey let's go oh wait so
nice because the clock do you pee pees
do you pee pees little one the cops went
forward um last night
and so its way bright outside like look
okay bright it is crazy she's not peeing
is she if she's still there she is clear
I know she needs to be I'm not letting
right in touch peace because know what
can happen it's gonna come inside you're
just gonna pee inside okay just gonna
run in there interesting to pee on the
carpet one little grunt OH won't still
there anyways so its monday so i thought
i'd make something
I know we always for some reason how
each one always look like usually we
have passed on Monday prices like an
easy thing after weekend or something I
don't know it's like that mentality even
if you haven't been it's not like I've
been cooking all week everything you
know I mean but like it's just some kind
of weird thing like pops on mondays
um anyway so I'm making funny because
half the pots are like the falando to
our landlady in half the pots are ours
but they look exactly the same where
exactly the same like brand but her ones
because like obviously they were to use
I don't even know what occurs like I
mean the gallant the house review oh but
they're all stuff see then our ones are
all clean because our ones were bought
new in there they were raised by so many
people spoke although reason leaving one
other well too because there were a
couple but there's only one other like
tenant living here before us which is
nice and before thought it was the owner
the last names that's why we kind of got
like a really really good deal like I'm
not a good deal but like a good house
because it's so that's why the garden so
now just plan to be wiring everything
like that because you could tell that
like Schubert II took care of it do your
boobies do you pee piscina do you pee
pees
such a fraud I know he's amazing I'm
just tortellini tortellini actually she
is well did you pee did you do your pee
pees I don't think you did Cena if you
peed there I'm gonna be so cross with
you I will okay i'll let you eat but
then I don't trust you you know I really
don't trust you anyways look how cute
here because she's so preggers joyfully
your pregnant belly you with a breaker
who is it you little preggers um anyway
somebody's this um which takes like two
seconds well actually it takes about two
minutes all you have to do this whole
other kettle that's read it we when we
lived in London so bad don't do this
well if your student maybe but we had
like no money and Cena see now what do
you do what are you doing deer pee pees
outside no don't you I don't trust you
I'm sorry guys I don't trust her okay
hey I'll be joining OPP that side with
Cena come on let's go let's go both you
you need folks on website that will fix
it come on yeah see you know Jeremy
peace Clint outside outside outside PP
he's gone it's aight as I was your
brother or your husband whatever I don't
know yeah you're having his baby so I
guess you're actually it's not put a
sister anymore anyway um they're not
biological brother and sister by the way
we just say that first cuz you know
you're adopted brother and sister but
neva not anymore they're like texting
person's life anyways so as I'm saying
was I saying yeah in London we were like
well I was a student but Jonathan wasn't
we were like he was just had to call it
to me like no money so we lived off of
these we would eat this paste Oh or just
some kind of sauce focus hello I'm some
kind of sauce this is the sauce amusing
today but we usually had it with pace go
back then i'm using that arrabiata one
just from Tesco boring and then I'm
going to chop up some shadows well just
make a little bit healthier but yeah we
shall live off of this like nothing else
we're dinner like almost every single
day we would have the same things so bad
we're not really because it's not the
most unhealthiest thing in the world but
it's not the healthiest either okay so
I've made it even healthier because I
put in some I put in the sauce and then
I put in like a ton of tomatoes i just
use them all up and then i'm also i
forgot we have this fresh basil so i'm
going to use that and like use that to
garnish it on top and then we'll make it
kind of someone healthy you know and not
so i just put the bits back anyways so
hopefully jocas likes this because I've
done this tunnel thing before but I
never did it with this sauce and with
this I think it should be good who's all
tomahto so who cares but it looks good
it smells good the Basel smells amazing
I think it's probably but it done I'll
just put it down really low and i'm
going to set the table which whenever
when we're on our own we never eat
dinner tate whenever right at that table
though it's just doing here which is
super dark but look it's so cute because
we've got the candle lit and everything
oh god you guys can't see anything but
let's see i'm on this late and you
should be able to see there we go see
how cute you see Xena okay you guys
always get really angry at me for not
showing you what the final cut
it looks like after I'm finished cooking
but the reason for that honestly is that
usually I'm like I get really stressed
well I'd found me Friday anyway I get
what he's stressed about cooking for
everybody because I hate cooking and I'm
not any good at it so I just feel like
really stressed out and then I always
just like usually I'll fill them a
little bit and then I'll just get really
stressed things will go wrong or
whatever things would go right it
doesn't matter i just get stressed any
weight and then I just end up like just
giving up giving up on blogging I mean
not cooking so this is the final product
this is what it looks like and we shall
see if Jonathan likes that or not
hopefully he does we've got some
Parmesan cheese as well right there's we
have it all I'm going to close these
planes because otherwise you know par
stalkers because we had so many stalkers
because we were so things that's a joke
um but yeah because every time I say our
neighbors might look into / like we were
like no you don't have him stalkers
you're not famous you know like I know
but people are nosy I'm nosy I looking
at people like if you're driving past
and sees like you know it's dark outside
and people have lights on inside you
want to see on the look in your nosy
person like me so it's already now we
just need a jovis jovis it's like beyond
ready it's like so beyond ready it's
like eaten it's like finished okay look
at this lamp it broke the other day and
wonderful is that but it was super cheap
so I don't want to carry ofa's broke it
he was switching it off and he told me
like knocked it over and it smashed and
I heard it smash and I was like over
there with my laptop into his pitch
darts it was like night time like we're
going to bed that's why he was turning
off I was like did that smash it was
like no no it's fine and next thing I
come down the next morning and I see
this piece of evidence right here and I
know that he obviously knew it smashed
and
from me because why would the thing be
up there and not on the floor and he's
like so much like oh hey oh god laughs
oh look out look what I didn't know is
on buzzers only if you know I my god
sale all right get some lunch and watch
Mad Men did you watch Mad Men is it
awesome nice hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
jolie and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be ah
