clean ended up chairs I know where do
you learn is that yeah maybe maybe love
it AMOLED yeah wishes the door stopper
I'm looking for it
this yeah get some tasty barbecue yeah
that what happens is that what happened
yeah I don't know what happened to do it
was done crazy
Yeah right like who's our IV neighbors
hmm yeah still it looks like you can
still see it looks cleaner still little
like then she sprayed it down with some
are used like a fabric cleaner it's only
a chair exactly like it has to feel okay
I was gonna sit in it yeah my little
plant what was this
at one stage and it's life okay oh come
forth this arm come forth and embrace us
summer summertime
Elmo's next week this day next week is
for statehood his son for our likes it
when we first met mmm yesterday here
that we met April was oh oh sunny and
then last year did you remember right
well just before I met you like I was
wearing college like we're sitting there
every day was hanging the green like
yeah always
Jerald remember April was the one yeah I
got hay fever and stuff like that
spillage hmm
just enjoying the Sun there's little
piggy think he's over here repeating the
poops I think she has she is eating more
yeah definitely what she's way bigger
even when we first brought I think we
just first brought her when she first
just popped like look at her little
nippy thermos up now like you know and
her belly has gotten way bigger like I
was only about a week or two guys left
and she's gonna have a baby and a better
week her to you it's not crazy in like
two weeks
well it's a fright probably curse on the
block
I'll be in soon are making friends this
is the app that I've been working on
okay that's so cool it's so cool this is
what I look like when it's done like and
then you click on it so like it wasn't
that obviously it's not finished yet
with the Facebook thing and YouTube
thing you know now it was the only
videos and stuff will be here you're
just telling a threat but of course nina
is trying to drag me away I am NOT it's
a Sunday that's like a really nice at
site so I think we should take out we've
seen out Johnathan's all like oh but the
world is so full of people with us the
point mm-hmm how's that the point
because then they Albion see and I get
to socialize from the other doggies
otherwise this emptiness boring I don't
want to be longer children plus I need
to ask Erica how last night one
better be in it something in it for me
I can't get it okay bye
Cheerios Caroline bye
I said I I said I'd myself
you don't have to come you just love me
so much you feel sorry for me come on
let's go look at the pound
come on guys let's go look at the
pattern oh my goodness walk up this
massive hill
it's cliff I'm basically hiking I'm
basically like a rock climber whoa you
can actually see true it like it's like
all sorts of things living in there now
huh
please don't fall in huh you guys
remember when I made this there's that
like two years ago now almost was as I
was before I was vlogging and it was
called what was it called I was like how
to make a pond or something like that it
was a couple I think it's bad a month or
two before I started this a daily vlog
adventure but am i made this pond this
used to be just grass here nice and then
I put a hole in the ground and then I
put some liner in it then I filled it
with water it's so cool
you'll pond in your house let me comment
if you have a pond in your house a pond
in your home a homey pond a holy pond
but you know what y'all eatin what's the
plan here you just like munching on some
grass you like you know cutting the
grass slowly that's one way of cutting
the grass inna it's just it's not very
practical you know that's that sound I
was talking about it that's not me
cutting the glass but it's like a really
sunny day and you're outside and you
know and there's the smell of somebody
the sound like if someone cutting the
grass next door and the smell like fresh
grass you know got a big forest here
right and I just got baggies they got
water I know it's just very awful kick
it kick try kickball that's a true that
was pathetic like what's our child gonna
think of you say he owe mr. ego Oh kick
it kick it how do you not know how to
kick a ball why kick it up to me hey you
go what it was a good shot oh and the
bush mr. Park it's too big it's a Sesame
Street ball he comes in how do you not
get that look at this side it's a thing
look turtle come here okay that didn't
work it kind of floats all right ready
no not that working Oh
don't oh no oh no why is it even gone oh
no I think that was gonna happen
hello my fighters oh no my fighters um
can you - yeah if he's gonna run Oy okay
Ally
what does that come from where did that
get come from mm-hmm kitty cat world hmm
she get one of these guys so you can
feed the birdies birdie num num that's
not a coconut oh the coconut failed I
think you're feeding the snails as well
that's kind of nice
this is your pregnancy photo shoot at
Cena
come on pregnancy photo shoot showed me
a bump showing me bum he wants to be in
the shot was over here was it real Xena
oh did you get it no guys the ladybird
in the ear hear you sound the Fox a
secret isn't TV foxy me now another cat
another kitty cat
oh you guys keep coming from hey oh yeah
what hmm
he's knowing chest
I'll review it off - come on
what are you doing what are you doing
yeah look like this my fight this hello
my vices oh yeah
no maybe maybe what are you doing why
are you doing what are you doing don't
hurt me I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get you and I'm gonna eat
your toe look at the happy dougie look
at the happy doesn't there's the happy
daddy huh Obie
you were happy dougie you're happy now
II think he loves it
Nicky love this a big garden to play in
huh so much to see and sniff around look
at how he's made himself at home
oh he's gonna just sit outside enjoy the
Sun yeah
I'll be that was my seat yeah my old
home that's why you sit down inside she
get a little table thing I know come
later the site using the barbecue that's
why we should get we should get the one
upstairs and my mom says I think I can
feel it there no I think I can feed the
baby because the chair yeah it's like
this it's not one of them yeah but we
weren't does 92 of us like I know what
if all four panocha yeah you should
barbecue party invite like all the
subscribers over sort of like a summer
party give me a comedy one coming to my
summer BBQ party haha he's a little
snack she likes the way I cut up the
apples cuz see her thinning
I like to cut them up you know as I was
like you cut them up here away it's just
better I think pop them all in here see
they're just nicer they're like little
little shards of apples which is nicer
to eat like and then a little crazy cow
mm-hmm the dip come on let's put these
up to mom who ordered a light snack
warden likes lucky nope there you go
mister he doesn't like the Apple she
loves the apples no I always break one
in half you're welcome see em no like
that Sina he he just thinks he wants he
doesn't like the apples oh he's so cute
geez oh right thank you work
Hollis up work is quite difficult guys
but in look I think I'm loaded in yeah
yeah look I'm just working on the other
pages I'm gonna try right well maybe I
won't tell you what's what's gonna be in
it as a surprise as a surprise but um I
think the zhe one you see I haven't
loaded him in on the server's yet so
come along come along so you might be
loaded in on the server yeah cuz how'd
it work is that you gotta put on an SQL
or PHP thing any bot minutes to get them
to go on so it's not connected and
there's a Facebook one connected oh
let's not connect it on the page thing
yet but it's it's getting there and then
have the Twitter one we don't ask
connected at all don't see you cheap one
once connected maybe needs to be synced
on can we sync it
mmm don't get the SAP guys it's crap how
cool is it though isn't it now awesome
that we have our own app so I'm keeping
I'll let you guys know when that's
available this is running on the HTC at
the moment but it's available for the
iPhone the iPad and HTC it's exciting
it's just so much hard work as well but
I'm I just want to make sure that it's
free and it's available for everybody
there's gonna be no ads on it okay
there like you can put ads and stuff I
was like look I don't want ads on it I
don't want anything on I don't want to
make money from this like I just want a
way that you'll never miss episodes if
you want to watch episodes and it's just
a lot easier to get like hmm it's again
everything that you want into one place
you know and plus the super extra secret
surprise that I'm trying to get onto it
but it's really complicated but I'm a
driver and jefra and jefra to fix it for
you oh my god guys look at this
tomorrow you're gonna applaud your 700
video and I've watched every single one
of them thanks it's not for look Selena
Gomez and underneath it Bieber didn't
just repeat once again ago my father I
could thing to get her what what is this
but isn't that Watson 700 videos I've
uploaded Emmys were and we've done 650
vlog videos because I did 50 videos on
the free TV before I started doing daily
vlogs
daily vlogs was day 51 day 51 video 50
ones have seen about 700 videos leave me
a comment if you think you've actually
watched 700 videos of me
if 615 were vlogs and you see at the
start a blog for about 10 minutes 15
minutes how many how many hours of of
the vlogs if you actually watched like
well not be crazy so no dinner I can
Kiki I think there's a way I know there
isn't I thought the way we going to you
cheapen you tell you how many hours
you've uploaded but I think that's on
the actual home page it tells you how
many hours are there something like that
but everybody's do that 700 videos I
need to celebrate that need to do
something need to acknowledge in 300
videos time guys a thousand videos whoa
whoa Williams we need to do something
for a thousand videos what are we gonna
do Meetup
we'll meet over my thousand video today
what the with what they stranded it no
three wait a second second that's all
that that's pretty much a year right
because like 365 so yeah that's that's
almost a year away so that seems quite a
long long way off actually okay cat hold
on we jumped we jumped over we got
excited we saw we got it we saw seven
and then we thought there's a 10 and
let's just get to the 10 but we didn't
realize out of 300 days away I should do
me I will do a meet-up on my thousand
video date
alright you can hold me to that so next
year sometime around now next year in 60
days what you can't tell a vlogging
person to be quiet
it's against blogging rules are you
watching the vlog what's this what a
 are you in your sleep
you got your lipstick got here I come
bad I don't hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
