it's so sunny let me editor side this is
my blog of money
do you hear it's so sunny isn't it yeah
ganas I can you're walking up to a
garden center and the sun is shining you
think let's get some gardening supplies
no you think no you think let's get a
deck chair and sit out in the Sun and
drink margaritas till the Sun Goes Down
yeah I don't embrace the Sun though
fundraiser but I click the shorts
with the shorts okay these little houses
would you buy your child one of these
has I totally would thank you it's so
cool isn't it take a little house like
it's like a little village here there's
loads of them
well we can't delay the stop kids going
inside it like straight kids missing its
Gilda
oh my god look at this thing nice oh my
goodness
keep living here look it's got an
upstairs and everything like a two-story
it's like a duplex the duplex it's a
one-bedroom right cuz hello can I help
you
and so honestly
let's kick you out oh no it's huge oh
that's that's where it'll actually put
misbehaving children oh oh oh we can
park there soon
what about parents an unborn child is
their parent an unborn child parking
yeah
it's discrimination that is
discriminating against people like you I
think leaders popped nice little think
so I think you have look definitely
definitely more nodes today
the girls like afternoon okay kids it's
not cuz it's all in one particular
little spot it's like go tell pop there
I wouldn't say it's like yeah I don't
think anybody's gonna ask me yeah yeah
or anything but maybe like 20 wait
company support you don't have it
anywhere that's cool
desert that's 101 just render option so
did you get a stretch and tone pad that
one's more expensive but is it better
it's it's a smaller I'm tube nyaaa ten
women would recommend well of nine or
ten women you know shorter and less
painful labor what get this one it's
it's written there in fact I say it
works
Jimmy pregnancy pillow shaped it come on
health and income but it's just it's
smaller than the other one yeah it's
their own brand exceed way it's much
bigger like when it's well that's their
own branded ups you're gonna push your
own thing you know I think yeah this
thing like it's more expensive uh
politically the woods and stuff it's got
you know you know it's awards for
nothing for nothing guys you go at this
one the best for baby
let's see Shore something that's like a
pillow thing I think this is it and that
that used to be me but I've been
replaced uncomfortable now if you're
actually choking me at night don't get
it well get it get the close one yeah
I think every now and again when you're
going through its process you have these
like realization moments just a moment
ago when I was looking around the stuff
on my kitchen on the stuff I just
realized we're having a baby
no but like for real like we're actually
going to have a baby like I'm actually
excited
but Mike's actually excited like looking
these little things like you know it's
just sitting there just looking at stuff
milling about it she's like oh my god
you know you see other people babies if
we're gonna have one it's gonna be our
own one let's give our own little person
you know I just I just I just started
looking at these this is what it was
right
I was looking at the little outfits and
stuff and I was looking at them as a
kind of bad thing and I was like oh my
god like little baby's gonna be in one
of these things pretty motion right now
do you think we're probably gonna get is
a full bite I think we'll apply these
when Xena has her pups for the top and
the bottom of the stairs do I keep the
puppies the Doppler team might be here
but we were talking about I don't know
we should get it though just worried
that like you might have a freakout one
time when you can't actually find it
like it's guard he's supporting now on
every single table in the house
oh she's not actually first about one of
these keep the decor oh it keeps them
clean damn you rule which one would you
get I don't know I couldn't like there
I'm more fine we're told - near Brenda's
last night you watch the UK apprentice
that girl's really good at going what we
are saying that like I just prepare you
see I like this branded so I prefer like
illustrators probably a brand as well
though preps are like illustrations you
know I just think they're more fun you
know they're instead of like you know
sticking them with like a pepper or
that's just a princess you know or
something like this kind of stuff I love
this kind of stuff well there's you know
they're so cute patch Adams just okay
small they're just so small like the
baby's gonna be tiny newborn bears
it's gonna be tiny
they will let me let me let me try that
L know stuff like Elmo's awesome
thumbs up for Elmo here comes the
realization guys I'm going to spoil our
child rocky now I'm just put in the back
here because I was looking around I like
all like the clothes little dresses or
jumpers or whatever the child is like
and I'm going to support our child
rotten I apologize and the Elmo onesie
oh my god like a red FM o 1z that's what
we need to find out what the genders of
our child - yeah you know I need to know
what what kind of stuff think about
although I don't know about the first a
year or two it's kind of like non
gender-specific no Nerissa yeah maybe
that instead of blue or pink got them
like brown it's still like you need to
know cuz like girls stuff is just more
girly and yeah I suppose somewhere most
I need a top ice cream we recommend an
extra special surprise guys do you guys
want to go an extra special surprise
place today do you want to go with an
extra special supplies yes you do yes
you do you're like circling you're like
circling like a vulture a wool trap as
muchas muchas guys you know we're about
to go we're going to
goodness me no it's a sandy and nice
here
good let's go run on the beach let's go
run you try and stay here yeah we don't
say over and here oh my goodness look at
the ages and stuff over there first
thing today in - tomorrow at the beach
I'll just smell of the seaweed oh look
they can go swimming and nothing over
there and I think this is impossible
hit the cone well get across figure they
figure that
wow it's so beautiful and sunny and warm
they love it they love it it's the
bedrock of the sea I like it there them
is there like this is so much fun yeah
it's so nice okay can you guys see the
little lamb mountain already Island over
there - like a lighthouse on it
so cool here and it's like we found like
it's a little hidden carpark cuz I need
like four cars there what will get it
will run and jump it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter having fun that was we
came here for them we haven't find it we
having fun
he is he's having the time of his life
the smile here is a bit right now tell
the seaweed I think hey guys oh my
goodness we're like pretty much alone in
this Beach yeah it's our own Beach
beach our own Beach and you guys own a
beach leave me comment cuz last time I
said and you guys own a helicopter
someone left me a comment then he owned
a helicopter so remember one LV we're at
a different Beach it's awesome
yeah I didn't like that yeah he likes
sandy ones look at me I'm Sandra de
don't go to bed till I'm fully aware oh
no it's me
must be a way across there must be a way
guys Connor I'm trying to get out
there's to the sea we need to get past
this little saying here what's that say
X don't worry you know oh look look look
here here here's the way come on guys
look look
Cena's got the plan Oh horror free we
made it
good come on guys let's go let's go come
on let's go to America let's go let's go
let's go let's go okay this this is like
normally like under the water you can
see all the ripples this is crazy look
how far at the tightest isn't it like
this is like under the water see how the
ripples like boom boom boom putting
their water can't you on underwater no
no water this is what it's like under
the water huh these little hits like
under the water under the sea that's
where I'll be
Juanito be mixing the thongs here
kiss big girl I'll see related songs
amalgamated together she's so nice heard
of the smell get yourself to some see
these have a big a big lung full of sea
air
it's good this is good for the soul yes
okay
Alvey come on back here come on come on
Oh what's this mrs. come here Abbi come
on yeah not you seeing that he won't do
it let's see if I can get oh oh I jumped
it I jumped
yes yes hello and known was you got
there
what you got here what you got there
it's so bad isn't it
Oh God look at the cliffs the cliff
edges there's big mounds of sand
what's that cedar
huh dig a hole oh-ho-oh is killer
see if you can jump from one to the
other oh yeah
trying to figure - dig a hole dig a hole
and visit he's got a Saturday face who
is Ethan sand zina
are you eating sand no oh my goodness
you guys just realize about digging and
then you just take it out digging
allow me babe I'm like going to Saudis
first hole oh my god they just realize
he's trying at the stone
who's that for it's so cool shego me out
that in there tonight in the garden now
digging the holes everywhere stretchy so
the hats and you so cute where I found
him a new house my lima Lou this is
where all the famous cookery people come
from they grow all their own stuff here
yeah my sister did work experience here
know your leg
no I knit out I like I know we've come
across a problem it's where my sister
did her work experience this is why
she's so good at cooking ha ha ha he's
very famous nerd yes it is
we're we're looking at volume his hands
here guys you know just a little bit of
space you know like what's his name
Jamie Oliver no I think it's oh it's
like no I think this is like not a
drive-through really yeah look it's like
residents yeah I was thinking no busy do
you go through like something no there
was a gate the gate closed
I'm hanging up Jude Law he stayed in
Honolulu house all day yeah it's like a
bajillion euros a night
it is a bajillion years do you have a
radio learn euros and you'd want to give
it away this would be a nice spot it's
really cool for a wedding or someone
there look at it oh oh my mom there's
like a exhibition or something there
and then they have a shot like a gift
shop in there and then next to it is the
house we see where the gates are usually
that's open and you can drive through
and you end up on the other side I don't
know right now
yeah it is already community look at the
face take some time says bunnies as well
we could help me he's gotten up now yeah
we love that feel that's not grass don't
look at it I know it's totally somewhat
kind of crop yeah yeah they're like me I
grow my own crops too
yes it's a nice road though is a girl
who's an adventurer
it was an adventure all right guys we
decided as seniors were down here okay
we're gonna go to the old house it's the
old has there's only four people out of
being they were here a few months ago
yeah you're new to the show you're
probably like what are they going out of
it
but em let's see if Marty's there will
we
keeps cats right they don't want anybody
to the recognize gonna crack a nice butt
and just pop in here I am at sea about
10:30 dodge you like we did something
wrong
no because just those are kids and if
they recognize that they'll be like oh
he's like oh in the shop for like a
couple of months do you guys remember
this all right keep sketch I hated
living here so much spray tomorrow
stainless oh my god I feel like sick I
know I think the freaking eyes done
today what are you doing
oh my god okay this is really
embarrassing
so what do you like working things with
ulcers hey what do you guys want to see
our old house
yeah there's something that oh there it
is right there I want to do they ever
fix they must have they must have by now
I know it's summertime I god I feel like
I need to duck down oh okay okay sketch
I know cuz ya'll look down there like
Lindsey Meyer very experienced oh my god
he's dead
Oh Oh God
that's the girl did she did she look at
you know I know
did she look at you
I think they might have sketch did you
get Marty he's still there
occupy Marley he looks so cute as well
yeah no he was on the window sill I know
he's just looking at like hey just do
white dogs
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
