you are a popsicle you only one another
you're a Teen Mom
oops would I not be a popular you'll be
always be the puppy day remember was it
on Facebook or something and they it was
like a name suggestion a lot of people
left name suggestions for the puppies
but there was one that I really really
liked I heard I'm so cute I tell you no
I did did you yeah
or what I really really liked and if
it's only one then we have it sorted but
if there's more than will help you think
more put truffle truffle it's kind of
cute like have we seen that truffle he
could be enough on a white truffle my
camera boy who said it though so sorry
you can leave a comment with and a blob
I can't remember cuz people left
comments on my Facebook page and like
Twitter as well and so I can't remember
but it was just like one cuz some people
left like the lists of names but this
person just left one it was truffle and
I was like that is so cute is cute oh
okay okay
hmm that's how pregnant ladies have to
bend down my in the house now I'll be
don't let her steal it
don't let her steal it she always steals
it she's a stealer it's their plan now
well it's almost touching the ceiling it
is actually isn't it there's a height
restriction it's not smart miss mind of
the lettered car in front of it
everyone added that everyone had a light
entire at some point
whoa ladies as usual let it was green
and let it was red
do you remember yeah yeah then there was
diesel was in black you know I must be
just got here this is the one of us
relaunch each Leo's leave us so we got
it
it's like burning or something all right
budget for safety of security no no you
know like if you have a kid or two kids
or whatever you can't really like it's
like seeing this street smart and
alibies books like yeah see not like
would never go up to a big dog and like
bar she can handle herself and he goes
up to big dog he's like oh god yeah and
he gets afraid like but she's much more
she's on the ball streets just
streetwise she knows how to act but he's
all like I'm sir Albie Cox of the anvil
he thinks there is in Game of Thrones oh
my god games of Thrones oh my god I'm
excited for your time not really you
know what else I think is coming back
soon that's man you said yes my magazine
yesterday we're going to the hungry
games game oh-ho-ho
even I know it's the hunger games and I
didn't know anything about it district
No
I don't know I don't know what they
swatch though I didn't understand that
though I say mine she did one sign I
think that was the one for district 11
because I don't want to support them no
no no no we're not supporting I think
that I think that pits in the trailer
but no no it's when she did this
everyone just sort of put their hands
out like this thing like you know I
think I think that might be like peace
or something like that or maybe that's a
symbol because everybody from the 12
districts are part of the revolution and
they were no I don't think it was I
don't I don't think it was because when
she picked up the start memory right big
round of applause for our volunteers
yeah and they all went I think they have
different fingers I think it's like
different fingers for different I think
so like she did it to the screen
everyone's watching because because they
want it just happened no spoilers again
zero did yesterday with its boiler
because I was too excited and ended up
screwing his but I cut it - but am no I
don't like ink it's because of what
happened and that person was from
district 11 and that's why they always
are going mental because it's horrible
like you know sometimes you have to like
your children monk you have to let your
children sometimes why would you get
them this it's a lie detector so they
figure out like unless you want your
kids be like Jack Bauer but then they
were like ejecting you and beating you
but imagine that you're like okay no all
the sweets are gone or whatever and they
put you to a lie-detector test like oh
god I didn't realize I like put somebody
so much like basil in the food
my usual I tell your makeup matches your
scarf I know
he's so amazing oh my god can either
like a tutorial on that or come he is he
an action and a revolt in the Apple game
a vote on the Apple game after someone
said when I put up my picture on Twitter
because I was having apple pies with
yogurt and water and they were like did
you just steal Anna's as lunch
recklessly yeah I kind of did actually
seems to work for you um as we all know
I probably get bored of it soon and move
on to something else but for the moment
that's my thing Khepri oh actually
that's a thing as well I haven't had the
corn chicken like thingy-thing in a wild
life
I've actually got chicken burgers but I
was more because it was known that then
you can't buy corn in the corner from
the corner shop whoo Arum magic
how is it different Morocco it's no
Irish one's known
suppose in tomorrow's an argument my
grandfather used to go tonight us never
stolen tested them new by you guys bite
and laughing a cow laughing can just
look at it big by the good source of
constant my you seven when I was a kid
like this on a soft cheese no it's well
it is but it's pasteurized it's fine oh
you know it's not a big patent you don't
like it no no that's a happy camper
oh my June was mad cow oh you probably
need that cuz I think somebody may have
taken near a pesto controlling it out
yeah even though that was empty you
Becker I was editing the vlog this
morning and I saw your little runt I was
like you little
that was empty that was empty everything
is that the only thing I'll give you is
probably the mayonnaise because one of
them oh yeah mayonnaise one of them was
empty I'm one of them was probably half
full or something out but I don't eat
mayonnaise so I didn't really know but I
just thought you know what
mayonnaise ring or nay you say you have
to buy mayonnaise in mail then weren't
you saying yeah
what is it banana chips okay why is
every nice taste so expensive taste
exotic boost breakfast banana bread
you spilt the piece someone spilled
cookies split you know no I know I know
no cheeky beggar chicken burger I'm just
gonna go these little buggers here is
because you get aboard of corn so I'm
going cheeky buggers and then next we
can go back to the corn the system I run
into my runner type chick so anything
else you want
gave me the chicken things anyways well
in case not oh my god
not the envelopes the crispy Philips
check do you need this check that if not
okay Vaughn jail we have found a
solution to all our food needs guys
check it out Oh grow your own I'm gonna
be a farmer
Raj office look what I got here it got
California wonder sweet red peppers
butin green bush courgettes
and chili pepper detail on ya window
sill growing kid reducible windows feel
propagator I think this is this thing
here that's the propagating problem
you'll hear three packs of seeds compost
plant labels vegetable growing guide
I don't know cat long it takes oh oh
none of its in season what oh yeah
harvest July oh this sucks oh my God
look in September these will be ready
for pen coca oh my god guys that's how
we're gonna know okay so when these
ripens we're gonna grow these now right
when they ripen the baby is you that's
how we'll know when the baby is due
because these are gonna ripen oh my
goodness how exciting is that
and you guys leave me a comment if you
grow your own vegetables and give me
some hints and tips as to what I should
do to become a good farmer I remember
when I had farmville on Facebook I was
really good at it so I assume what's the
same as farmville
right all right so he's seen me open
this up but it's got a little holes in
it it's not gonna leak true when I water
maybe not the water it need to put like
a bowl underneath it cuz I was this
nobody asked the live part it's kind of
silly only we have anything as big as
this peppers February to April harvest
July October April to May February to
March deadly Oh can't you grow these yet
well it's April next week so I think you
just go ahead and do that put a little
mark to things when I'm honest this is
that's good that could be a problem
unless of course you grow it into by see
it you think so
all right so listen should we just put
this in here I suppose it said that it
doesn't need that much water in anyway
yeah I know what kind of left this it
doesn't need that much watering anyway
so just plop it all in here nice little
bad for our seeds just see it bad
mm that's my name growing children
everyone's gonna be pregnant here we're
gonna have so much children we're gonna
have plants children dog children's baby
children's gonna be a little bit more
just for safe just for safekeeping
I have no idea what I'm doing okay
enjoying that munch all right these are
one of the most interested in chili
peppers I think he just says sprinkle
she's just like sprinkle them on chopped
done
select forgot the courgette seeds the
pepper seeds and the chili seeds all
laid out and the thing I'm already sure
it's any different way just to kind of
like sprinkle them on and so Chloe and
soon this is the right way to do it and
then I'm gonna play it about six
millimeters I'm just gonna pile on more
compost on top of that way down next
time we see these C's guys they're gonna
be all growed up knees it's an emotional
time for me right now
they used to be Penn Kolka but now it's
like way bigger than that it started off
with one of them and one of them yeah
there it is there she is in there
there's the chilies and the peppers on
the thing so uh it says like 10 to 20
days that should start like peeking out
and then you'll be able to actually see
something which is really good because I
have to wait like a few months with
nothing happening
I get bored not lose interest in it I'm
just being honest
okay yeah so apparently in 1020 days
we'll actually see a little peeking any
of the by like a pot they go pop land or
something and let it grow and stuff like
that so I'm this is really exciting I
wanted it spray just by them
it's cool you get a little starting a
kit like this right let's get that could
we crew them as well what have can you
go can you actually just like trow loads
or herbs and stuff in there are they
like seeing
all right time to make ninis some
cooties do things for Nene's look look
at these smell guys look at where they
come in that cool the way they come they
actually look like packs of like tobacco
you don't like the old tobacco pack
stuff that I can't look like except 30
then they look really cool they look
really like fancier these like fancy
tiers got some fancy cheese hold on Oh
hahaha look at this sleepy time
haha but I'm Nina suggested which you
would like to lift on green tea which
look at this isn't that cool
I love the tea's they come with a little
string on them so yeah please
there we go Tiffany's I know I'm going
to hell
some Twinings this is what I usually
have joined today when Twinings moment
of calm because I'm these aren't
caffeine free as far as I know
oh look they are caffeine free oh okay
well then no you know these ones are
caffeine free
I know I didn't know it that's why I was
like no it's okay I'll have one of mine
cuz I like the caffeine okay well
they're barely I can do look at these
aren't they awesome
they're so cool looking whore open oats
will save them proud of one of these two
look they're cool ones like they have
with a little string on them
I like the string ones alright exciting
here add some freshly boiled water mmm
hmm there you go
look at this disaster zone right here
it's not really focusing very well for
some reason oh there we go
but yeah and look in this thing gross
right yeah I'm trying to make lasagna
for the first time ever in my poor
entire life and I used a recipe like a
vegetarian recipe from the corn website
but I don't know this is gonna be good
to be honest guys look at the freakin
stove my mom like net I remember she
never used to do like like a white sauce
or anything and uh also this is broken
hinge it inheres broken it needs to come
off and my scale stopped working as well
a halfway through so I couldn't measure
anything any ingredients out it was so
bad anyways so um she never used to make
a white like bechamel sauce and I don't
personally like bechamel sauce and
neither does anybody else in my family
so one of the things and this was the
bechamel sauce and I started making it
and then my scale broke or the battery
stopped working and like I couldn't do
it anymore it like I couldn't measure it
stuff anymore and I tried my best and
then I started making it I just went
totally wrong and I don't know what
happened so that's what this thing looks
like funny that's all like congealed
butter and like Oh yuck what's soy
butter if it's still it's still yeah
okay so I just totally flopped on that
so I just did it without and I don't
know what its gonna be like I really
don't like it could be disgusting so
that's what it looks like right now but
I've never made lasagna before in my
life and I was trying to remember how my
mom did it but I have no clue honestly
because I never like watched her do it
or anything so I just kind of did what I
thought was right but it's probably
gonna be gross so Oh we'll see what
happens but anyways they're coming over
like the way it now because my sister
had gymnastics and all this laundry is
here it's just such a mess I'm like so
unprepared but anyways we'll see how how
it how it feels how it tastes
hopefully it's not too gross dinner is
done but the little Fatso's wanna want
some ice cream
am i right so I gotta go you want to
come with me see us get some ice cream
you come with me what would you say that
know what my god what is that peppermint
tea why are you holding it
you got gonna dreams yes Peter Peter for
the wind you like Peter do you support
Peter what can i screen you on what hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
