like this picture oh it was like he was
like trying to uh oh my god I just like
like 15 times in one sentence but he was
trying to take my pictures and he was um
he was trying to be quick about it
because his dinner or his lunch was
gonna get cold
I was really annoying it one purpose
this is the face I made have you just
never picked it but it's so funny I
might actually put that on my blog a lot
of these are we this is what an example
of what goes on like behind the scenes
and then does not make it to the blog if
I actually put like all the pictures
that we took on my blog you guys are
probably think I was such an idiot
why are you trying to do that sushi
pussy's in the sink he piles them up
here you know those the things that need
to be willing to do like takes them out
of the sink know what I personally think
that they look into things because can't
see them as much so that's why I do that
okay but anyways um yes I am hungry it's
one o'clock and at such time okay
and um we're going to see The Hunger
Games they're generally moderately
excited about it because I actually
didn't even know anything about Hunger
Games didn't read the books yet
but I really I didn't know anything
about it
I know your fridges this is kind of like
stupid
what anyways um oh my god are you for
real
he was like I left you the big piece
yeah so I don't really know that looked
at Hunger Games
Rihanna's to see you guys johnathan play
in the trailer and like I didn't even
get the height like ages ago and really
listen yeah I was like a year ago
reading it like I'm like the gossip
sites you know like the stuff Hunger
Games I was like that's a big deal like
I don't I don't get it
but in race so I really don't know that
much about it but I like it I might read
the books and my plate broke yesterday
fantastic see that one of the petals
fell off it's over there oh my god I'm
just gonna have to dance on the olive
oil or something like that to beef it up
a little bit because that's not really
enough for a human being or maybe I'll
put oh I could have put some paste on
with it you know the jonathan shirt like
a whole of good stuff yesterday like I
didn't even realize or yes you know do
for you yeah sorry
day before yesterday when you cleared it
fridge I was like watching it afterwards
because I don't usually even like have
time to watch the vlogs like honestly I
like I don't even have time to watch
them and I hardly ever do and then
people will say to me if I'd be like
well there was so funny when like such a
thing happened I'm like oh okay like I
don't know but I was then I go ahead and
watch it so I watched his part where he
was emptying the fridge and I was like
that mayonnaise was perfectly fine or it
that's something or there was probably
fine I was like so angry I have
realized he was touring up so much good
stuff I think he just threw it anything
that looked old it's not really his
fault because he actually did a really
good job but no I was just like annoyed
because he threw out well the paint
still probably was gone but this is what
I'm gonna say it's gonna put paste oh in
this you know we need to go shopping now
and like refill our fridge and then a
month later whoo-hoo not use anything
and throw it all out again
great but I think this time I'm gonna
get like one pepper instead of like
three cuz that's always what happens and
then we don't eat them so yeah um yeah
so I'm gonna make my lunch now before I
collapse with hunger okay kind of
appropriate way for the Hunger Games
there's no idea what this film is that I
have to go watch the trailer again
because Jonathan like watched it and I
was kind of there in the background you
know like kind of watching you but not
really and I don't really it looked good
but I don't actually understand what
it's a bit so I have to go figure out
when it's bed get back to you oh god she
wouldn't even bother ripping this up
this came through the door she's like no
no she usually rips everything else it's
peace watching rain it's papasa like
it's a storm going on
that's not for a few hours
practice oh my god it's dormant wait
we're sure I've nothing else to wear
like there's new ones but I don't know
waste and yes worthy right but just warm
up just warm up everything he'll be okay
what if they get wet in the rain there's
no rain so long as you keep doing this
like those are training if you do keep
delaying us okay I'll have a look all
right
it's just added like pouring rain and we
really want Albion Cena to feel like
they've done something today because
otherwise it's not really fair because
we're leaving them at home today like
for I mean for one to go to the cinema
so in fact he's trying to set up here up
here to mom so we were like where are we
gonna go like we can't do anything you
know indoors are you with them it's not
really an option so you're like let's go
to the peel bar who's this this is
where's the cookies we decided which
wheel drive by here like every time we
got repeal box you see all the geese and
the Ducks enough but we never stopped
like and I thought you know what today
let's stop and show them just get in
here huh this is the lock by the way
when I when my mom my mother grew up
here they moved to Dublin like what is
where my grandmother grew up around here
somewhere in the lock and my mom learned
to swim in there but she actually fell
in nearly drowned for it then she let it
swim come on Thank You Holly
yeah everything's migrating
these funds
haha oh you don't chase them they're not
fun so what what the hell is this thing
look at this one here
GIC that one
zoom in on him because I don't even
going actually close to him look he's
like he's really funny it's a cool one
in there
oh look at him get too close it's wander
evil this one's our Eagle so oh he's got
an evil one
oh I just wanted I don't wanna try me
why is that one coming posted oh oh he's
glad I wouldn't get to look at his tail
I've been up waking your Taylor's
getting her a bad team though what do
you think guys
okay you move along have a good day bye
bye he said who's that
oh I can't get his right ah it's like it
never walked it's like so much new smell
stuff
whoa there's an evil one did you hear
him
Cena wants to go in the playground you
gotta bring the kids in the playground
this'll be us now where we go we're
gonna Monterey County oh my goodness
what the hell that's obviously far as
the kids follow look it's like it's like
spongy sponge apparent oh my goodness
come on come on steam this is it this is
cuffs come on girl you have to get in
the slide now come on get down boy
you have to go around have to go around
come on come on down the slide
good come on Dan decided actually huh
what's this little guy here yes sir yeah
cute she's kind of cool listen to some
music
Jason's there
he's bopping three arrests friend
come on let's go we got this st.
Patrick's Day card and it was so cute
because I had it like on the kind of the
main like kitchen table for Patty's Day
and we had the napkins and everything
was really festive so this is from
Jackie's that was super nice of Jackie
we also got okay this card
congratulations you're having a baby
from Megan so thank you Megan did know
oh I got one card from my friend weasel
who's also got a blog and this is so
cute
Lisl she has a blog called oh my god
what is it called fabulous fashions for
sensible style or something like that I
can't remember the exact name of it but
I have her linked on my blog anyways but
she had like such a cute envelope and
she got a little cupcake sticker and
everything that's just junk um and then
we got this huge hard from what's belly
butter
no that's from my joy what's different
um this huge card we got that 87
actually she put all these little
pictures on you know things there are
sayings and all from Ashley I watched
you for nearly two years I really
enjoyed coming home from school and
watching your videos you both put a
smile on my face congratulations I'm
Hank okay you're gonna make such cool
parents I hope to see you guys in meet
up this year all the best
again is no Hana I didn't our new at the
back you cards okay no they're for my
channel open it up what so fulfilling so
many people have put this on my Twitter
and my facebook saying like oh my God
look birthday cake the Oreo birthday
cake I didn't get this one I got what to
expect in here especially she sent me
watching expect for the first year
that's kind of cooler though yeah oh my
god right you can have the book I'll
have that it's a magnetic list pot for
like fridge the fridge that's so cool
you are obsessed it and Rufus Gordon is
Open Office okay yes Italian rose
Starbucks Extra Bold oh my goodness and
I was just buying coffee yesterday that
is the best thing ever and then there's
this one huh oh that is so cool cuz
actually bought coffee I've never had
Italian rose Starbucks I'm really
excited to try it tile that's what I'm
having for lunch today birthday cake and
coffee cupcakes what what is it she said
if I can do twins you can do one they're
her babies
no little babies don't snow for java
snow for jovis is that Samantha and
Samuel oh my god is that a boy and a
girl twins they're so lucky
they're the best kind of twins
what's that oh hey hold on hold on wait
wait keep him quiet keep him quiet he's
on that coffee oh my god a birthday card
I hope you have and they hope the shirt
fits okay nice hope seem to remember you
saying medium in a blog anyway have a
great day lots of love from Katie from
Texas horrible tea thank you Lipton
Oh decaffeinated honey and lemon oh shut
these yeah pepperoni vanilla sleepy time
nice nice nice
let's check it out you'll get something
in a second guys is it from Houston
Houston Houston Massachusetts Boston
Cougars oh I've always wonder like
cougar in my life so cool Boston one aha
Houston one I don't confuse myself it's
Houston awesome thank you so much Katie
Oh boots and barclays what's that
Oh Oh boys this was this nexus give it
give it
okay go go open it many francs you guys
like Frank
that's like Frank oh my god
what there's nothing there like pigs in
a blanket oh my god they are look oh my
goodness oh say thank you Katie
okay you ready you ready yeah thing
something fun you do something fun
little trick for Mom okay okay no way
Jose uh-uh
where's the where's the distribution is
the dead in the car in 4/4 for what lose
for one is it not okay well I'm taking
is obviously exactly that's not for me
because I'm not having a baby you're
having a movie it's your baby yeah and
these two are obviously for me and these
are obviously for me so you can't have
any of my teeth okay Oh fine I'll have
the hazelnut copy
Nazis we want the t-shirt as well I know
she's got birthday party rule no no why
is it confusing oh my god what do you
say Oh what is it oh my god no no what
they're like oh my god I love it
there's a party on the inside oh the
party's inside hi oh yeah they're so
cute
yeah oh my god alright let's make a cup
of coffee some Italian roast mmm well
you're gonna have a boring teeth what it
is this is the best day of our lives who
are thinking of going to Nando's or the
Italian restaurant and then I remembered
restaurant Amistad i-it's open and I'm
 for two please what'd you get
there Frank
what's on the menu punch chips and crab
cakes are they potato chips are they
something else butternut squash chips
fun seat yup Sara's Oh careful careful
what like it's ready it's very smoky and
smoggy in here now he's licking top and
if you got some dance that dick disco
dancing clothes check this air is in
this fancy nice I like it I like I
didn't you look really good at me the
front is a bit weird isn't it like
that's the front is that the back or the
front ha
I know that's what you're hot this is am
zany
will be the word they need a good way
good-day me about 280 funky baby yeah
the boys will spot you that's the
important thing
guys the Portuguese custard pie things
again a camera wouldn't name it
nice recognize no it's not camera our
name of these things you guys when we're
naming these things are like some
Portuguese thing it should help capture
what are they called again I think
that's what they say on the madhouse
this element and those go go back go
back
oh come on come on now you know come to
your mom's head you ruin her her
beautiful decor you'd let yourself them
look there it is look advanced
screenings plus it means open tomorrow
but and for super often people like us
we're landing today
you know I know I know Liam's ah this
one here and collect tickets please use
their table eyes it's like so funny
because it's like a half an hour
beforehand but it's like the whole face
is maybe for like their one came early
as much know what it was awesome I
cheese on a better no key nothing's
gonna be you know I was like oh my don't
actually like I cried
and I'll do the things I like oh my god
did you bet
if you've seen it leave me a comment if
you cried as well when you're all
writing and everything maybe two
pregnancies emotions what that's so cool
we're going in this way the long way oh
nothing o'clock Oh God
that's very long that's like three hours
oh my god like we got there early looked
like
inning we we got there early
I know it's still like people coming
like even like like half an hour before
the film even started we were there
about 40 minutes beforehand and we got
like okay seats but there's people
coming in like and they're just like
standing around going like oh my god I
mean they're for what everywhere like
come in go oh my god we should have come
early I was like that's why I came so
early
oh it's like we've got the whole place
to ourselves
mm-hmm like her own private mom it was
so now go write years are hella funny
years no anyway guys go see the honey
I've never read the books I knew nothing
about it all I saw was the trailer about
six months ago and it was gone on about
it and I was drawing it oh my god I
can't wait to watch the next one and I
hope you all go down there's a mean man
with you thing yeah I could have played
the king or whatever he was and don't
eat the berries guys awesome film you
should check it out hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
more will be
