hmm trying something different today
guys trying a different breakfast Oh
Simon going for the fruity Festo I
sliced the thin sliced up Ollie's and so
they're more fun to eat into water ain't
gonna try this one out and see ya see
how this one is see this one makes me
feel I see uploading going down I'm
gonna head into town because damn I know
exactly what I want to put on the walls
but it's just really difficult to find
the stuff that I want then right see
knees
they love that now because like it's
like a little alcohol the way the press
comes here they boat love like that out
oh I kind of familiar as I go I don't
know the difference between my children
the same this morning Nick for the
second day in a row so annoying I got
this up stomachache and it happened
yesterday morning to it it hasn't really
ever happened before I think I get
experience like randomly I'm in pain but
that was different
when I was like a few weeks ago yeah
it's just like growing pains but knowing
I felt that but that was like a few
weeks ago I mean maybe this is Dylan I
don't know but it felt like different
but it's just felt like rest on my game
I miss
it was like wanted to get safe you know
and it was kinda like loading
cramping
crap scary is obviously
but I looked it up in my book anyways
and it says it does say that this month
is I'm in the fourth month now
performance pregnant
and it's good I would say
so anyways
they say in the book that in the fourth
month
people like some women who didn't
first trimester like I didn't experience
in that fight I mean I never gotten sick
everyone cheats for a walk we got so
halfway through this month is the
halfway mark yeah oh yeah well four and
a half four and a half nine
so yeah they say that if you didn't
experience it like a or if you did if he
goes away that's tough but it didn't you
can't actually come so I don't always
that act like it really felt like I want
to do to be sick what you never got
morning sickness No so my name's like
morning see I know when it happened I
was like when I went in with my mom
and then as the day progresses and as I
eat more as I try and eat every three
hours it was really important
everybody do tonight like a snack like
almond milk au raisin oil because that's
what they told me to do like eat smaller
meals and I think now either it's that
I'm eating too heavily at night I'm
eating something too heavy and then I
feel sick the next clinic that's what I
thought was or the other thing that I
have been doing in the last two nights
is drinking a front-loader water I drink
so much water and I did it like two
nights in a row just like below - the
whole water filter and flute oh so maybe
that's it maybe it's just my stomach is
like
you know so I don't know but it's it's
uncomfortable and then I don't feel like
eating but I forced myself to have
breakfast because I want to get
something inside of me like first thing
in the morning inside of you the baby I
do I need to feed it so and I have my
breakfast night is we felt better so I
don't know a baby still a bugger is like
kicking it cuz his hunger is like yeah
all I have to do is like scratch at this
kidney here and I'll get some dinner and
I'm supposed to feel the movement this
one but they do say like it depends like
fun but we've got a lazy baby we do is
even telling my friend yesterday Kurt's
pregnant as well at hers is like crazy
her she's ten balls time no but even in
the beginning like when they first had
the first dog person she was like
there's all kinds of gymnastics and
everything
I had to conflict seven times for it to
actually wake up she could she was like
that is crazy to me because hers is so
active I was like hey leave me some
comments oh if you had a baby right if
you had like a bouncy baby or a sleepy
baby and then you had the baby is that
its personality is its personality
directly connected or is that just like
you know brain when your brain synapses
are firing is it creating and is it just
nothing just like boring science crap or
is it actually do we have are we having
a lazy baby sometimes I think so like
isn't it so cool that when you like read
about the baby's development to speak or
whatever well this week apparently the
pictures you don't need them but yeah
apparently this week it's registering
places I get used to them so if you have
dogs like Aixa recognise my voice your
voice
hi hello hot dogs without much gonna
this suction comparison question they
also say in the book that this month is
when you get like really emotional just
crying oh my god yes but no um if you
have talked and that bark and everything
LLL get you spent so a penny if you have
dollars but dog for tough dogs you're
maybe when it comes out will be used to
the barking and will probably sleep
through it because I used to hearing it
inside the would know you should make
dogs bark more now
did you guys have any intros that you
like to watch and shows there's a call
Breakout Kings
okay try a he cookie first
I was jest it's my suggestion Michael I
make us captain
is a good chance of Lorraine it's a good
chance Kieran what's up their party
would party with a Chance of he bought
it
Oh cloudy it is a bit cloudy hi Claudio
now
I overestimated Easton's coolness and
thought that maybe Easons would have
movie posters but I think I hate him be
his majesty's dog his majesty's voice
yeah yeah majesty voice that's gonna
have a little dog with the stereophonic
thing yeah I know
all right moving on evidence that
majesty I mean his master's voice
because I just thought I better say it
because I was gonna leave in the comedy
but it's my thing it's my hobby that's
what I do my trademark stupidity oh that
one yes I don't even know who happy oh
that's great for one direction we get
him well the dog eh on guitar on a dolly
one it's not that funny
so I didn't really get the posters that
I actually wanted but I got like the
frames which is like these are like
proper fill them poster frame things
which is awesome isn't it
yeah that's not getting over a little
bit heavy not gonna get run over you can
run over bloggers don't you know that so
I'm yeah they're a little bit heavy you
know how's the husband sadly yeah it's
not weighing you down or anything yeah I
find out okay what's up what's up what's
up just chill man chill man relaxing you
know right chickie chickie chickie
chickie burgers
Jiki Jiki burgers that's right father
burger well beyond means it's a top
light hmm
you might have happened eyes Indian life
never upset a pregnant person because
you're not the only one that suffers
think there's something wrong with your
plate there
hey that fits back in there
hey go your fix I think so well I think
we can get some simple girl for you okay
don't use that night like that's what
that's how it started no don't be crazy
person here use this knife don't use the
knife that was in the world like it was
murdered why that's because it went hard
because we left there for ages put it
back in there put it back in there and
then heat it up again and then only get
soft and then you can cut it open
we're just taking this knife away from
you okay here tomorrow himself then
cheeky buggers I think you reach a point
in your pregnancy guys right that's kind
of like it's like in between being able
to see the baby last time and then not
being able to see the baby and then you
read about so much crap of people always
like say so much about hair like it's
like oh you don't look pregnant no that
person is more pregnant than you and
that person should be this and you know
comparing you to somebody else but like
I think every person individually goes
through their own pregnancy based on
their own body type their own weight
their own person everything about them
you know and it's always different but I
think you know it can weigh a toll on
you Hunter's losing take a toll made a
toll bridge guys you need to leave some
comments and tell everybody like you
love me knees don't telling me love me
to love each other but tell them it's
okay and the baby's fine okay
okay he's cool it's fine I'm hopeless
probably just like sitting down chilling
out
I'm just waiting looking for y'all to
sound we were gonna go in like around
the 18th week to do a gender test
because then we talked that the 18th
week would be good but um we might go
sooner because I think it just gives you
a sense of peace of mind you know
knowing that you can still see it and
it's still there and also if I know my
brother bought this like heartbeat
sensor thing you know what mom was
saying like that's probably not a good
idea because you might be able to find
the heartbeat and then you lend them
freaking out I think you're like oh wait
a second I just couldn't actually find
it you know so maybe we won't actually
get one of them but I bet you you're
fine everything's okay
that's still broken is it you want
another one
don't put your hand or steam in there
I'm surprising myself during that time
for you 17 no kind of site ready to put
them from the wall like you know like
this way or like this way because they
didn't realize that it's actually
cleverly designed look at how the thing
there and the thing here which is really
kind of cool and it does that the ones
that got by the way are M or just
because you get one free with it so just
I just pick two game ones cuz anybody
how much option and that's I wanted like
loads of half-naked girls on my wall and
I wasn't really into that kind of thing
don't get me wrong I mean two half-naked
girls just not pictures of them on my
wall so I decided to get these but what
I can do then is M you know it came free
with the poster frame which is with the
frame is the cool thing but look it has
the the stuff that I need right is 61 by
91 so I can just buy them online I'm
gonna try and get a bottle side glass
the one and a Stargate one just the
starting ones really hard because a lot
of the Stargate stuff is from the new
stargate sg1 series or atlantis or
destiny whereas what I'm looking for is
the 1994 movie poster of the original
term of Kurt Russell Kurt Russell
Douglas so em yeah it's the one I really
want when abouts I got to go I'm gonna
be like a Gaius Baltar one or someone
its Cylon and i'm sure above let's take
these ins up anyway cuz it's gonna look
really cool really cool I was gonna get
more than for this side but they only
had two with two after the black the
rest of my like silver on them when I
was like mmhmm it won't work it won't
work
so it's something else for this swath
but for the moment let's get these ones
done yeah looks good guys look who do
you think
isn't that awesome looking huh Master
Factory which I haven't actually played
love battlefield 3 there was a college
you you like a modern warfare and I was
like nah he's had a black ops one yeah I
pretty would've got the black ops or a
world at war original world at war one
exam B's or something but I'm definitely
wouldn't got Call of Duty but am bad
poetry Street credit on that so about
feels I still have that and I think I
might get mass spec I'm not sure I'm
playing theses at the moment so I'm
loving that but they're more like
because they came free with it and it
was like Justin Bieber half-naked girls
or computer games so I went to computer
games but let's cool isn't it I love it
and it looks dead mm really pops the
walls and then something for here I
leave my Joe fee there cuz it's my extra
special thing loads of people have left
comments you've asked me what is this
this was something that Anna asked on
her Facebook page for Christmas far as
these are all teams from from
subscribers that it actually sent stuff
in like things on Anna
he's you're planning I love him he's a
fun it's not like nice things that
people said about me so we put them on a
little thing and we stick it up there I
think it's kind of cool I think it's
kind of cool when I love it love this
love it it's good leg of thing and all
and then and then here pan kogas and
koga sonogram Go Fish
Go Fish
you do me a favor will you bring me a
snack we
bring you a snack yet as you lay here
with your animal so tired and they just
don't want to get up Kerwin tweeting
guys mm-hmm me becoming the wait the
comments tomorrow and then we decide
Region II is not gonna hear we're gonna
do it because I'm very emotional right
give me five things that I'm amazing
doing you're strong you're strong you're
very top don't if you break this bed I
swear you've already broken like five of
them okay you're looking to do the
laundry you're strong you're tall you're
strong chollet man fine you win what do
you want can I have everyone's welcome
to Joker's burger home of the Joseph
became a big order man please have an
apple yep
I'm a nice caramel dipped apple a
chocolate dip I don't know
okay and a yogurt please okay over 200
whichever one you want a small medium or
large over this is a special offer today
we're giving you a doughnut for a year
Oh No you're trying to eat healthy okay
maybe some water please
and can you can you watch the appaling
caught in a hump okay well let's do the
head if you have to pick one of those
things then just watch it thank you
oh my my makeup I was crying out ere so
that's good but you know what we're
gonna go for a walk after so oh my god
did you actually understand that I said
it's so quiet I wasn't even talking to
you I swear alvey's so smart
you're smart too in different ways I'm
just like the head I'm just like dad
you're so cute you're so cute oh it's
just if I put my scarf on and turn it
down and then as I gonna live with an
ally oh my God look how cute you are a
whisker okay okay careful now oh you're
such a cutie cutie patootie oh yeah yeah
what kind of a bitch
I was talking about this day you're on
on Twitter and Facebook this morning and
I would say that isn't that funny how a
lot of things are better when when
enjoyed in the dark you know where like
for example like music is better in the
dark
and I find like if you listen to a piece
of music in the dark it emotionally
connects and moves you and I'm saying is
it's do it like you know that you're
actually
whistle any word scent sensor sensor
suppression something that when you're
looking out like suppressing your your
sensory vision and stuff like that so
like you can't see anything you can't
you can't taste anything and your all
your sense you start looking at like one
thing and it's like just being able to
hear you know like you're focusing on
just being able to hear something and
sometimes that makes music like way
better you know and then it's thinking
like what else is like way better in the
dark
so I leave me some comments of what else
is way better in the dark
and I will leave you with this song
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
