how do I feel about it this one this
one's better this one I don't know it's
kind of like I don't know it's it's a
funny one like maybe because it's just
so different but it Sam like it's
awesome cuz it's fair trade but still I
don't know like I think I'm just gonna I
think I'm just gonna go buy more of this
because isn't that so misleading
that's empty by the way even though
that's kind of full like although look
at this I just bought this and look like
it's like um where's the energy three
quarters of the back please
that ridiculous well yeah I don't know I
don't really like it so sorry M&S but
I'm gonna track this at now as well you
know make my struggling for the
breakfast look at this right sultanas an
apple porridge instance all kinda snap
apart you just add water to it so I love
salt annas and apples what kind of like
strudel so top this this sounds like a
strudel party so I suppose it just eat
well take care of when I'm adding
boiling water and mixing or move for it
I'm boiling water and fill the line
stir well that it's not one minute stir
yet and enjoy water if it required no
it's water you think I need in it can be
damaged no sound in 60 seconds take 60
seconds to make it
I like good I like that timeframe okay
here we go and the water up to the line
stir it crap one compared
I'm already had parted you know how much
starting needed to give it gift the time
like they each I'm in turn it all into
like a a juice or something
this is very lumpy to do you just keep
stirring hmm okay so it does taste good
but after eating it I thought I said
anything like cheap but it's like I felt
like loaded or I feel something heavy or
something like that you know I was like
hey so like I've just eaten like a huge
meal or something and then I looked at
the back and it says it actually
contains cow's milk but I was like on oh
well I haven't actually had milk in
months so cuz I cut milk out of my diet
so I guess that's part of why I'm
sitting here like on so I didn't that
it's really nice but um I didn't realize
that our dough is just yet the oats and
the fruit and stuff in it but no it was
actually um powdered cow's milk in there
so who not working out very well but
they're not it was pretty tasty
right you're gonna go straighten my hair
jhj sometimes the flu peas as you can
tell it sort of parts and gives us sort
of pineapple effect which is a which is
no good so I'm gonna give it a good it's
not that I'm lactose intolerant or
anything like that it's just that I gave
up like dairy and then you guys know I
gave up dairy almost a year ago because
it always made me feel feel
it always made me feel so sluggish and
floated and stuff I am whenever that
happens cause it happens from time to
time you know and whenever that does
happen like oh my god I cuz I sitting
there I was like ah I can't actually
breathe like I can't breathe I feel so
much pressure on my stomach and I feel
so bloated I feel pregnant like you know
I know what the hell is wrong and it's
not reading the thing and it was like oh
contains you know para it's honest
apples forty percent dry cow milk
I was like on oh my god that was a
mistake so I had a coffee that I did not
like and then I followed that by a part
righted Thank You M&S but you did
nothing for me
job done camera literally in the bag it
was the last one he actually had to give
me the display willing to do anything it
was like we actually don't have any of
them and I was like um just one in your
window I'll take the one in the window
please shoot
we're two up camera occasion give me 50
free pictures and stuff and I was like
well that's kind of awesome let's
parable because don't you know who I am
thank you I do time assistant look at my
little collection now the 130 and then
that we started off with the 100 then we
got the one in 30 and then a 220 in the
t20 in the t20 and it's actually a
couple more but they just we never kept
the boxes now I like keeping the boxes
for like fun cuz it's like cool I've
actually waited that it's like she quite
good look it's a low pro but I think I'd
never use it because I'm always lugging
and then the 4k card so maybe I'll give
them to someone as a present or
something
oh yeah look so here's like that's the
130 there's a t20 turn I won that's when
you got the actual fluff thing but I
won't even close like that one them I
got dropped in Middleton we're living in
Middleton I'm not sure when this started
probably when we were living in a Black
Rock Jacobs Island that won't probably
died and it's just cool to kind of keep
them as like I don't know like a museum
this is like the Museum of the vlogs
I'm going into town first I'm going for
lunch with my mom
and then I'm meeting my friend the one
who is also pregnant that I talked about
in my pregnancy luck and she's ten weeks
further than me so I think I'm meeting
her I think so
hi I emailed her really late last night
so um hopefully hopefully she don't but
anyway so I'm actually really hungry to
have for lunch start yeah and we just go
yeah the reason why I'm in the back seat
like the tag fears of things because my
sister was just dropped off to college
so it
so we're just parking them and are we
going to Italy that's always going to
reveal a it's the first time using this
camera and it has the as the old luggage
but I decided to use this one because I
wasn't leaving here and that keeps it
nice and safe Plus hasn't got the actual
wind thing on it right so let's try and
make the first part of the spaceship
today so I'm thinking um Oh crud we're
doing fugly I think I need that I think
I need do you need that alright let's
put this here okay so I think guys I
actually have no idea all right so he's
just so complicated so number one he's
gonna make doc thing too is that and
three is this part what don't mix it all
up don't mix them together all right
and don't don't put them on grass or
something I'm not really sure it's dough
left number one all right we're gonna go
with number one first so let's put away
let's just take one and one let's put
away two and three otherwise they will
get mixed up and then I'll be really sad
because they've been mixed up
alright look how far we've come down
actually it's it's moving along quite
swiftly like this work done so far I
think this is like the cockpit thing
with anything but I think Google comes
to like stickers so you can actually
make the little parts that's so awesome
and that's like a little motor on is
well look it's like when you twist this
part it actually moves this part like a
little spindle which turns this part and
also if you fired s4o
action fire is these little thingies
that is the light thingies that's so
awesome it's like she come a little so
far away like when I had Lego wasn't
anything as awesome as this this is so
cool all right back to work you get
sometimes a little bit tricky bottom
then you figure it out
then you figure that now right a little
I think it a walkers I don't know what
he is
you guys never made some Lego you guys
will make this Star Wars thingy I
think it's like yeah they call them an
ex-fighter cool O's huh get in there
look you got little stickers on her plus
like this little guy is in each one of
them and these are all open and close
look oh oh oh isn't that so awesome look
at this little thing at the back like no
this stuff works and put a little
stickers on it that's so cool that is
the first one in the bag
part one complete complete this is so
addictive oh my goodness another buy
every single piece of Lego ever invented
bitch part of the entire Star Wars
collection is to a Battlestar Galactica
collection I would love a Stargate and
Battlestar Galactica Lego collection
does that exist if you know that exists
leave me a comment that would be awesome
if you know exists
all right let's move on to the next part
which is ooh creating these sort of
thing any bobbins whatever the hell they
are
check this out huh nice look at this
right I was putting this elastic band
thing following his instructions bone
what's that for
but if you twist this thing under here
right would you obviously I think it's
gonna actually do something there's like
a little mechanical device here if you
twist that right and we can see this
look it actually works like um the guns
are in the way look at this right as she
twisted how awesome is that
I think that's gonna open the wings open
and close the wings that's so cool it's
so awesome it's really coming together
I'm like goodness this is so much work
but it's like the payoff it's so cool
when you actually start seeing it coming
together alright let's get the last part
oh my goodness last part guys where is
it level three
oh my goodness this is so much fun you
guys ready to see it here we go it's
finished oh how awesome is that
isn't that like so awesome
let's fly around the house oh we're
Zambian Xena now did I break it
I think we ages to make so I don't
really wanted to get broken how awesome
is that and that's so cool
but this guy likes to have like like a
gear system underneath it where you
could like rotate it and it would open
the wings up and that's so cool that
took me so long to make now I was gonna
put it down by realize the wings would
touch it so they don't give you like an
extra bit of Lego to make a little stand
you know so we're like stand up I need
to find something to put it on cuz I
don't want to actually damage it boy I
needed to stand on something you know
who misses their mommy you miss mommy
Oh like I said mommy hotel goes mental
you guys miss mom hmm
please miss mommy she'll be home soon
okay since you give you kisses and
cuddles kisses and curls we are but men
so we bought this yesterday which is
what I'm having Thai green chicken curry
fuller for longer high protein balance
carbs and whatever calories and just
look really tasty Byam we said we're
gonna keep them for dinner today but to
get it I'm starving and I'm has probably
gone out and Hunter sells an awesome
lunch and it was probably super tasty
but jofi jofi got no lunch jofi got
horrible partage that made me feel sick
Cuffy that I just didn't really like at
all sorry a Marks and Spencers and yeah
nothing wrong everyone outside I have a
countable peach tart their atomic made
the Lego now I'm hungry hahaha wait for
the ding what's the damn plan hasn't
gone off yet
oh come on come on it's gotta be done
it's gotta be done ah hey fan this
minute ago you think this mouth has gone
off it's not supposed to be like to told
like that it is butter milk I don't know
I don't know much about butter milk or
milk but I found it in the fridge and I
was like I don't know just it doesn't
seem right to me
to be honest this song I'm gonna take it
from the fridge before it grows into a
field come on how close is that look at
it it's almost like what if we just
started yes yes I beat the system no no
can I can you be trusted to stay here
can you huh yeah him so we had a week
of no takeaways now we're gonna have a
week of takeaways every we got the like
the super best takeaway in the entire
world
knock on tie in Douglas oh yeah
got myself of 1717 green Thai curry Oh
YUM and I got a 27 21 27 what's 27 some
veggie king common time dip oh yeah
everything's inside with the dogs they
may have taken a wrong yeah I'll put it
inside with their chicken thingies and
they am other thing is you know they're
the Boley ones see kind of like a holy
moly ones when you got kind of a courage
that way when it fills up it doesn't
actually kind of like spill over the
side and stuff that's just pile all
these then let's not mess about here
folks like so get some cutlery okay this
isn't heavy baby ah
I made it yeah peanut butter and chili
and stuff
ah oh nice thank you
back up back up there will be something
in here for you guys don't don't you
worry don't you worry there'll be
something there for you okay
there'll be something for you too holy
of your Knights it's time to attack this
practice adequate it's Tyra every now
and again you need to go through your
fridge and dump don't pity dumps
probably some sort of a garden in there
let's play some sort of a garden in
there probably some sort of a garden in
there probably some sort of a garden in
there laughs it's like mowing the lawn
you have to mow the lawn into the fridge
because that's what happens you just you
keep stuff for awhile and then you sort
of half these things get built up into
the fridge and then before it gets
before it goes too long you need to just
mow the lawn
what is this stroganoff well considering
I do not remember how long ago we
actually make it drop it off which I
think was December even and yeah i think
i think that wine might be gone not
hundred percent sure but i'm gonna go
ahead and guess that wine is probably
gone yep that's definitely gone that
one's okay that's probably gone ketchup
is okay mayonnaise II probably gone that
one's probably gone oh my god oh well
yeah leave me in common if you also need
to mow the lawn in your fridge look how
much stuff I got that who the frig to
throw at like four bags both and like a
little bit of recycling he's not crazy
though but em has to be done sometimes
Ulta Lina just like water thing going on
here
seems like water on the bottom and I'm
sorry Kara SH but just like water on the
bottom of the fridge and I don't know
where it's coming from but it just
always seems to be there underneath the
veggies and your vegetable ones maybe
there's some
like I'm a blockage or something like
that at the back I'm gonna figure out
why at lunch when I keep Spartacus off
was I was like I'm right look before
Tesco closes I'm gonna try and buy a
coffee because I wanted like a good
coffee for the morning not like this
coffee here and then I went into the
fridge and then I don't know just had a
bite on my head and I was like oh god I
hate all this stuff and I start trying
this stuff at and it's like what else is
here no no what else is here the next
thing you know I'm like doing beaks my
nesting am i nesting cuz I've been doing
this for a couple of days now oh god I'm
nesting them and I party in the car
so Johnson's on some crazy roll right
now where he is like I think he might be
nesting honestly oh no the lights going
off there we go
I think you might be nesting or
something do you think Cena what do you
think do you think Bobbi yeah that's
crazy
he's like doing everything he's cleared
at the fridge he's doing the recycling
he's like I don't know he's gone a
little bit crazy so and I was like tired
and you know I had been in town all day
and I was relaxing dude I was like
relaxing in front of the TV and he's
like come on it's kinda at the fridge
I'm like are you serious right now I'm
like no but he just went ahead and did
it I was like okay probably would've
done that in like daytime when I'm less
tired alright but some kind of nesting
kick right now where he's just cleaning
everything like crazy kind of funny but
it's really good because we're getting a
lot of things done now there's no pointy
oh geez you gonna mind the car
you can win the car yeah back to what I
wanted House Blend
Starbucks coffee I said I'm talking
about I feel better now I feel safe safe
from the knowledge and tomorrow morning
tasty coffee awaits me do you like this
I'll bein seen I love being in front and
looking at the window oh we're going on
a motorway now so we have to
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
