here we are
here we are get some harnesses no huh
mm-hmm you gonna put on a harness do you
why is that what you say why'd you say
why'd you say why'd you say no this
one's for Cena in Xena Xena Xena good
girl good girl and yes if yeah I decided
crackhead yeah the old Bajor Rooney's
company if I get my foot up there okay
I'm actually spelling yeah I'm stuck
okay seriously you just push my foot
just push my foot push it want a karate
chop my legs were all broken look at
summary don't I with the pink and the
beige and the white why it's summertime
summertime Oh
how many weeks are you know you exist
you done almost done almost six or if
you haven't watched in style that video
didn't you put her in it it today hmm
either your first pregnancy vlog I'm
helping you by you know giving send a
few subscribers away I picked her up in
the video
yeah like okay and say hi and she had
just at that moment looked at the window
and seeing something so like say hi she
was like cuz she barks like there's a
tiny bike wasn't that led but it was a
tiny but I get like somebody I don't
know what she saw somebody or something
but it was so funny cuz it's like
perfect timing like okay she never barks
you know cool when did she ever bar
click on come on I know I forgot today
was actually Sunday in Ireland like
yesterday was Saturday in Arden because
the bank holiday so we Taro's Monday but
it's actually Sunday the entire car park
it's like the walk is it's totally full
so we get to like Park all the way over
here alright guys I can't let you out
we're gonna have to put you on the leads
okay
oh my goodness if I'm miles away from
the walk it's all the way over there
you're gonna be good boy you gorgeous we
could have called it in that way but
it's kind of boring
no you characters on the main road come
on guys like where are we at different
walkies do it we're just talking about
you know when you were give her like go
to work with on a scooter or something
like that and notice other people doing
the same routines and that's how you
wear what time keep I was the rise to
get the bus to school in the mornings
I'd always see other people that are at
the bus stop and if the other people
weren't there some was missing you go aw
crap I've missed my bus or if they were
there you knew that you you're late for
early for something or you'd see people
walking in the road and that's how you'd
always time keep based on other people's
patterns or nothing like all it takes is
for that person to be late or change
their patterning or sick or stuff like
that and then all of a sudden you think
that it's actually you that's later sick
yeah it's so funny but then you guys
actually have a routine like that were
you you you know how other people are
and you're kind of like oh yeah okay
what the guy with the guys there with
the hat it's okay Jim Brimmer in
Bournemouth guarantee uni and it was the
people who are on the bus or what
bossman you a guest you know because we
lived there closer to Bosco so we'd have
to get a bus in and you can actually see
based on the people that were on the bus
or something that you know if you're on
time or not give a call if you have
anything similar in your life hey Oriole
how are you hmm
how are you doing how are you doing
mm-hmm did you find a little spot here
never have bookshelves it's time to get
my books to put on set shelves
where are they oh goodness where are
they I don't think I took them okay did
David know how he got seeds Oh
you comfy up there are you having a
comfortable time in your life would you
can you fix in the computer I'm fixing
the computer Xena fix the computer seen
it all it's finished
you seen as installing OpenOffice for
Erica so Erica can do her homework
even though erica has come up with an
idea that's cool is stupid right now
your plan she's decided school is stupid
because she could be outside doing lots
of fun stuff but unfortunately she has
to do schoolwork
which is ridiculous I agree with you I
wholeheartedly agree with you you agree
when you aren't one of babies like Xena
or do you wanna be all educated and
superior like I'll be which one choose
one choose the life I found some of the
books look at this one it's like the
biggest book in the world
start gate stargazing London there's
like another kind of telescope you see
the problem with those is that they're
really big and they don't fit where all
this like digital comp stuff are already
the same size is there is there a
Stargate PI jordo be be like a PI would
like a blue thing in the middle and we
put your hand into it you go to a
different universe did you make that
Emma okay well I think so can I have
your cake and eat it
so javis is convinced that he does not
like something and he's never tried
before it I have it before it is in
Germany over God said yeah guess what
thank me again
where did this weird stuff okay
it's so good pure ADA pate is
it means potato potato puree or flakes
there's nothing that they dig about
today flakes that's my technique
that's stupid
I don't know it's so good I could eat
like five of them not right now anyway
dinner later be now this morning what's
not funny it's not that'll suffice me
fruit
you never eat fruit I have a nice day if
you don't find me a snack I'm gonna eat
me strike morning Jonathan how many of
these do eat what a day I had the fruit
and funny bird on you yes I had the
fruit and fiber
no I had the foods in a bar and I left
you two strawberry one yeah but no I'm
just I'm saying I have one a day we
bought this like one yesterday I had one
a day you are obviously munching them I
only have
I only have one a day which means
there's two a day and the goal if you're
black you have that one come that one
just put this one right you don't need
that one although they are nice we
seriously go through so I guess it's
kind of a good thing to go through like
five boys I know they do I seem like
fifty minute of the day was good so
what's wrong with it's potato puree
normal potatoes let me in that that's
misleading I know it's like no it's not
papi you need coffee morning yeah let's
go
I'm meeting my snap right now weather
wasn't gonna collapse now that I have my
desk and stuff set up I can finally take
care of this bugger here seen a neon
things I didn't like it but I did like
it see the things I didn't like it but I
did like and I just had nowhere to put
it
so I didn't make it cuz I was like Who
am I gonna put it but I knew I was
eventually gonna set it up and I was
thinking because see that my Wally and
my ecology anything I'll probably put it
somewhere around here you know so over
the next few days I will endeavor to
make this bad boy wonder how long it'll
actually take if it's for
eight-year-olds can't be that hard
oh it's a cool little man it's what it
looks like
Oh stickers what are the stickers for oh
my god at the instruction book
that's huge
oh it's actually quite simple all right
I like number three number one number
one probably obviously done separately
all right it's so much like neater when
I used to get these those kids like they
weren't in like bags like this or
anything
coo coo coo coo coo coo leo I'm saying
like I could do a stop-motion thing of
actually building it but I'm like when I
when I won't I don't know because I'd
have to actually set the thing up and
then how's that building because I'm not
gonna build this in one day
I don't think I'm gonna build this in
one day it's probably gonna take me
about three months oh my god this place
is not popular here there's like crowds
of people do you know these people
oh my god she's lost her head I think
this place is like totally empty
if you write free fish for terrible free
hamster oh my god you can really get one
free of everything I do get everybody
crazy like a bunny three bucks would you
imagine any daddy a maternity hospital
is like buy one get one free different
that's impossible heart rate would you
like
just cuz you get kind of bored of being
done pesto you gotta say
you're a fishy thing
what do you want gonna gas a gastropub
put the host gastropub mm-hmm
Oh No speak clearly dipping sauce with
it
might be nice might be nice size is
actually in one day which means I
actually did make
a week without having meat
not so crazy
so I'm gonna actually have myself some
real proper chicken the celebration the
fact that I actually managed an entire
week of vegetarianism what what am I
going to take from that it was fun but I
think I will incorporate chicken from
time to time what these look chic
entities
so cute there are little symbol pizza
what are you thinking about
yep
I forgot how convenient Marks and
Spencers I thought you were that's up to
bad guys they don't do em the normal and
to solve their own version have that
same sort of goat the Colombian one
Colombian strength four straight five I
don't know you guys goats in there
I'll coffee do you guys can can the
elevator thank you I don't know her 15
that's not five shop at it or me I don't
know oh yes
totem funny Jenny you guys remember when
I was like a year a virgin was like way
back was that we got stuck in a elevator
because the guy was servicing it and we
just kept going open and we end up at
the top what is mental Oh put it what
but he was like every time the door
opened he was there hi how are you oh
goodness
we're just on our way home and guys tell
ya I'm hungry now and it smells so good
and so when you have watched to so many
videos of other people like you've done
that what you're going to do a big
shopping in there on the way home when
it's just late she's like oh my god
walking around picking myself up with so
much work well tomorrow
seriously I've seen this happen so many
times only this traffic just traffic
they love it I think this woman traffic
jam lads all right what do you guys want
quickie leave me in the comments what
you want but pretend this is an order
thing names in the comments what you
want and I will endeavour to deliver it
to you what you get and after our super
healthy and nutritious meal we all
decided to go for a 20-mile run but
after our 20-mile run and our quick hour
in the gym and a quick swim and a quick
triathlon and a quick cycle and a quick
Pilates and yoga class we decided to
have ourselves a little snooze and we
all fell fast asleep hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
