I don't know ever vlog you know a little
laugh or never house away from my house
isn't it cooler you sweat man coke it's
gonna live
yep poka poka when I'm cold you be
whiteness when you grow up this is where
you're going to come and live see that
see ya
what I go in browse see Rosie no come
where you get some chickens are bunnies
let's close it over okay nicely done
it looks so much better although for the
rest of the day now you're gonna get
that gorgeous smell in the house like
fresh-cut grass like for next like a few
days even like when we come home tonight
or anytime you're gonna have a beautiful
smell of fresh-cut grass like it's so
nice this is my check though take the
shoes off
that's not yeah I don't know - come
inside otherwise I don't want divorce me
but this is a small problem with the
other electric thing sometimes it comes
out
that
pretty much that okay let's do the edges
I think we have an edger edgy device we
do have an edgy device is there a string
on the energy device I couldn't see that
did you guys see all there is no bit of
string okay that sounds to the edges
didn't do the edges last time but am I
think I'll do them this time
next jar my toward a list I'm gonna get
rid of all the em take all the stuff out
of the boxes first and then I'm gonna go
do a quick run to the recycling place
don't pop all the recycling to get just
get rid of all of the the boxes and
stuff water I'm stuck with them and then
come back and then builds these I try
and like manage it all so that I'm like
okay well that's get all the stuff that
I had to do was look I wanted to see the
garden I wanted to move the tires I
wanted to do all the trimmings I wanted
to do all the recycling and then I
wanted to build the cabinet's and at the
same time obviously I'm editing using
the show and stuff like that so I'm like
okay well I can do cutting the grass
while I'm like pre composing the show
and then I come in and then I am
pre-rendered and started exporting
compressing it while I was actually
doing getting recycling and stuff ready
and then I can set that to finalize as I
go and do this and then I can set it to
upload while I'm actually building all
the prices and stuff like that and then
you'll find that I've got everything
done that I wanted to do today but it's
such a great sense of like
accomplishment or achievement if you
pick a day and you hear that all those
things that you've been kind of long
finger in I have me Lum fingering like
too much stuff you know but I just I
like what I've like you know like it
like it's like a chore lens I suppose
like a task list you know it's kind of
cool when you've got like a little
hospice and you kind of run a treat them
like gotta dance got it he's got it is
cut it is when you come home and like my
never shower somewhere and you just feel
like feeling good about yourself you
know cuz you kind of proved to yourself
that you can do something you know
that's what I always say that - yeah you
know people always say to me like I hate
same people I hate using that phrase you
guys have a phrase you hate you know I'm
talking about
I get asked that a thing over and over
again I was like people always ask me in
my life hates saying that because it
kind of like it's so it just makes
people anonymous and numbers and
relevant or something you know when
you're saying like people always say I
was like that I don't know make it more
personal but when I get asked about you
know you know just sort of path to
enlightenment that I went on and how I
managed to you know get my life from
like a crap place to a really good place
and it was about that you know proving
to yourself because I was so lazy and I
was such a failure and a faker and a guy
wasn't think abut I didn't I didn't
achieve much you know I kind of did but
then at the same time I didn't really
cuz I didn't have the motivation Dee I
was like how intrinsic motivation
ki it's the key lights and I'm one of
the things was proving to myself that
I'm actually capable of doing what I say
so if you say to yourself today I am
going to do this this this and this if
you've actually failed in doing that all
you're doing is telling yourself that
you're incapable of actually setting
your mind to something and accomplishing
it so by giving yourself like it's small
in Alaska today you know I'm gonna like
in favor at the saucony Jolie's video
but like you know if you want to do
something like I'm gonna cut the grass
I'm gonna go for a walk go and do it
today and when you get home give
yourself a reward and say well done you
know my reward is that I bought the
deuces X Kim I really wanted to play it
I turned it on this morning you know and
I was about to start playing it and I
was like no I'll do all the tasks first
and then my reward will be that I get to
play these X when I get home and then I
feel like yeah that's like my
accomplishment proving to myself once
more that when I set a task I can
complete it and that's like you know
giving yourself the intrinsic motivation
giving yourself the sort of belief in
yourself that you can actually do it and
then you can you know and then slowly
like make the task bigger and bigger and
bigger and bigger and bigger and then
suddenly you find yourself in an awesome
place having everything you've ever
wanted because you've proven to yourself
that you're capable of having everything
you could ever want wowso Javas really
outdid himself today he has definitely
won himself some brownie points cook cut
the grass vacuumed which is my least
favorite job in the whole wide world but
that means that all his chores are done
and mine aren't because I'm Sundays
usually like our cleaning day no we
haven't
if I'm honest we hadn't done like a deep
clean oh well so I need to I kind of
been cleaning as I went but you know not
really deep cleanings just so disgusting
it's because it's from a makeup brush
anyways so um yeah so I have to dust now
do laundry which is actually already
kind of done he did the bones - like
seriously he's on a roll look what he
did all the bins are gone amazing so but
some laundry in there beautiful so happy
Mother's Day if you live in the UK or
Ireland because if you do then it is
Mother's Day free well know what smother
shake these guys yesterday because
everything is a day behind but a leper
or something with this hi what it was me
it was me
Shh bashed Cena anyways enjoy the
 rocket which I love we need to
clear out this fridge badly like I'm not
even gonna show you guys I always see it
like every time I blog here and I open
up the fridge and then like you can see
like this part of it just a quick one so
it's just full of stuff that we don't
even use so um
yeah there's a lot of vegetables that
are probably passed there you know their
sell-by date so I have to organize them
yeah oh you really need to clean this
fridge you know I feel like I'm in a
cleaning mood today though so that's
good because um I don't know maybe it's
the weather I think it's the weather but
it makes me want to just like clean you
know like dude like that's obviously
what probably why they call it spring
cleaning but I'm like I keep opening
this and then like this is what happens
like I look that one's moldy I buy these
and it's you know the only person who
really eats veggies here is me I mean
unless like a mini dinner and stuff and
then Thomas TV both you sounds but like
her lunches and stuff like that's
usually I buy tomatoes and yeah it's
like it's really bad they just go off
because obviously I don't eat enough of
them to kind of like you don't forget to
not go off so that's kind of bad
but yeah so now I have all my toys to do
and then I think my uncle and aunt are
coming over and cousins as well because
they are over from Dublin
my uncle C in the house but my dad I was
having so that should be fun and then
because it's Mother's Day of course we
are going over to my mom's have
something I'm going to give her her car
and I think we got her like a cute part
of today and I'm gonna check it if they
have some nice flowers in the shop but
if they don't have any nice ones that
I'm I'll give her this plant
that's why I should never have fun cuz I
kill everything but oh yeah that needs
to go be thrown out and sewed with roses
over there they feel like sitting there
they're like a bunch of dead roses oh
look at my leper hand don't I hate this
I hate these instructions are so
complicated
I just put my foot up here I just sort
of relax
what happened cuz everyone's gonna melt
on the window cuz it's getting so much
sunnier I already want these bills but
we don't want to build them build-a-bear
alright let's get it done without one to
do that one and that one two of these
Plus that oh my goodness I think I'm
gonna need some tunes some choo nice
check that out huh
oh my goodness let's put your best one
I've ever made like look how perfect it
is like isn't it so cool I'm worried
predator x monster mister the things you
do right let's make the next one to him
now
did it my hands are in pain but I did it
guys
and look it all works nicely a nice
little things for the files everything
open and close yeah I want to work to
put it all now Hey oh it just seems too
slight board it's very lubricated oh
yeah I'm sorry looks cooler isn't it
I like it trying to side I was thinking
of home warning I'm in front of the desk
you know yeah I think I may put them two
at the door I can put that thing
underneath the desk yeah you know party
Dan says at the front door Oh Rex hang
around there look so cool isn't it
all this stuff's set up it's so cool and
I was able to put the firing cap in here
no like your technical technique loose
so now cuz like I wanted to have this
here and it's hooked into a Playstation
the computer and stuff where there's no
cables I love with zero cables and look
at this it's clear nothing along here
nice and clean look how much like spacer
is here in an in a room I had so much
bad I can breathe well yeah it's pretty
cool isn't it I'm pretty happy with my
my work and what time is it it is I
started at about 11:00 this morning and
it's now ten past six video just went
live any firsters I'll give you credit
to his first day
Oh first first first ease oh no I'll
keep the next four there you go you go
I'll give it to you xxxx Jambi I go for
a walk peace
I know but I need to be walked everyday
when you guys have know what happened
but all my house for dinner would be so
much easier can congas here she could -
or he whatever whatever when it's a
gender of your child wife yeah seriously
the things you give up the commitment
you have with the doggies this is my
game time I'm eating into ah least when
the kid comes out of loves more extra
time wait what all right if I got that
wrong
you mean panko is gonna eat into my time
this I changed my mind
Oh guys the Sun is just going man
Suns going down come on we can all enjoy
a sunset together
the sunset on this Sunday oh my god is
the Sun Dance a sunset sunset on a
Sunday what does it all mean it's a bank
holiday weekend is my holiday weekend in
the other country maybe okay no I think
so mother than I don't even get a day
off from what I say but now I don't know
in art if it's a bank holiday you know
cuz this is gonna tomorrow which is Bank
Holiday Monday for us if it's a bank
holiday in your country leave me a
comment and let me know it might be in
America because the Patty's weekend or
Patty's weekend did you guys call it
what you call it Patty's weekend instead
of Patty's weekender st. Patrick oh well
no matter the honest I'm a grown-up now
you know for the pups
you know Mario hood may I read your book
last night what you don't expect it then
I taught you what I don't want to
breastfeed really you have to give you
eight pumps cuz I've eight nips you know
guys look at this who's that
yeah hello hello oh that's awesome oh my
god it's so cool
come on guys
come on come on come on come on oh it's
so cool though isn't it
with the way the Sun set it across the
lake in hours later oh my goodness I'm
really gonna win some sort of Oscar
natural Geographic or Discovery Channel
will contact me probably for that piece
of footage you think I don't you
actually mistakenly eat a garlic instead
of a potato that would be a weird
mistake as you're chewing on it maybe
thinking like potato pears funny garlic
yeah I know but my thing is all you had
it cuz I get the prize in it but that's
nice
salmon that's not it's charming Maya
he's so much bigger than me she G we
looking for
you're looking for stretch marks you
know you got creeps get rid of stretch
marks
what have you got something to get right
yeah like his name is wrinkle things can
you actually get creams that give you
wrinkles you know like you know it's
like wrinkle in the box and you should
have an ADD what is the opposite to
these ads but it's like some woman like
full of wrinkles and sudden she's like
why don't look like me you know that'd
be funny
what's this one cocoa butter formula
softens meetings for balance dries
butters is a treat billion euros nice
look 360 360 noscope like it's going
it's going
I almost 360 noscopes what what is it
it's like natural skin care for baby you
know skin care for babies what like
talking to put anything on
always I was like moisturizer like
bummed Oh 3 to 4 3 for 4 in Tesco better
deal and Dunn's
done to dinner 3 for 350 I think Tesco
here 3 for 4 so I don't find your eggs
oh yeah I actually use half it already
don't wear a has no place in stores
oh they're huge hey Buffalo yeah get
them pile them in
nice go for it
yeah everybody took all the fun they had
the like one is just one of us I just
call him die he was calling funless I
did I used it today and I did think it
was a little bland then I wasn't sure if
it was that or it's just me
bingo one year oh nice nice Papa's got a
brand new car what are we gonna get
let's get like something crazy
it's a Saturday night well it's a bank
holiday weekend Saturday night in
Ireland yeah
what do you get it's good something
let's get we've never gotten before
oh come on this cousin we've never
gotten before come on come on guys you
will leave and let's do this what do you
guys want something crazy
toffee bakewell's what the hell and make
the task a little bit harder if you got
things in here please you have to
actually like eat your way around here
higher here we enter the maze Oh speedy
Walker he wants to land there ma'am what
whoa we'd have x OT bars everybody has
buys now one could easily gonna harvest
chewie chewie hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and dont forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
