No
hello did you just get punched out
didn't just get parsnip stop-attack here
careful of the Breger they both just got
brushed out because I'm trying to keep
them matte and tangle free because
otherwise it's gonna be just harder for
them like when they go to the groomers
next and we're not sure when we're even
gonna be able to take them to the
groomer because usually it's about like
six to eight weeks to maintain them but
because she's gonna be we named her pups
and everything we're weaning no that
doesn't make sense
her pups need to be weaned basically
where the time she goes and so it's
gonna be a while because that's usually
a bit like eight weeks or something so
we are going to the popo box today but
guys it is so disgusting outside it's
like pouring rain it's so gross
so um yeah that kind of sucks you have
in your bone your bone you never do you
never chew on bones you're like not even
a dog's are you what's that what's that
what's that what's that do you get some
post oh thank you good girl good girl
you've got it for mummy another
worthless newspaper hey ton we got eyes
as well this morning do you want to go
peepees do you wanna go peepees Deena
nobody doesn't loose point right Joanna
how people's outside huh Julie no mom
it's too wet all right
I don't want to go peepees outside wanna
go peepees inside
she totally set up a litter tray does
anybody actually do that we should set
up a litter tray for them so they don't
have to go at site when it's wet because
they hate it hate the rain so much
anyways mommy
so to foeman Karen like googling the
recipe on this boy Jonathan's one and
then I'm making a shopping list online
but we just discovered something you
know what I'm making today guys
chicken war mom chicken korma former
former former no I'm doing a korma from
scratch because
usually what we do on a Friday as we
have
getting better is you do find me Friday
where my my found him over
where's the top take back
then you go our tango tango Passport so
anyways um yes so I try and make
something like you know proper from
scratch like and try and put
love to effort into it when it's Friday
where you always make awesome dinners
where's for our well no I do cook like
throw for us but it's more like well
this is more people I think it's easier
to cook for a baker like putting smaller
of us they usually do a lot of like lays
the options like I like the lazy you
know like we might do like this sweet
and sour whatever might be some blanket
jars you know like things like that or
might do a corm up but it might be dark
I don't there's nothing wrong with the
jar stuff yeah but no doesn't I mean
just as the two of us or it knows the
cuz we do the fish which is from scratch
like the salmon waiting to catch the
fish yeah wait the salmon with Brian
rice and leek salad or something what
else do we eat
it's a moisture thing we see it
tortellini a lot that was packaged
though we have so long speaking of so
long guys I think I am I've been a
vegetarian for a full week we didn't get
any tickets no waiting to change take it
this week I don't think you did we even
eat it this week we did no I don't think
so
we did eat pizza like frozen pizza twice
we did he first bits twice but I did I
would you think it's a better for week
I've been vegetarian for four week I
think so because we don't think we ate
at all because I I noticed that I am
tired all the time and I see pork
no how many good
no I just realized that naps are awesome
but ya know I think I've done a full
week of being a just cuz corn is so
yummy it's really good and it's so easy
as well like all I'm doing here is
improving the indulgent important
hormone which I'm gonna go for that
warmer I love it's on the website you
just go to foreign tour money I put at
UK and it gives you like all these
recipes that's what I do or it's just
yeah I just tell you can make like
cottage pie you can make like without
that you can different so we didn't have
them for lunch yeah that's why we
haven't gonna have for lunch also
because I know if I go out for lunch
somewhere I'm gonna get a chicken
something or other you know oh where did
we go to Nando's when yeah what was that
was it last
oh yeah maybe that was this week yeah
when did we go to Nando's was it
Saturday no Sunday waving midday sunday
minute oh my god so if I make it two
more days I will learn a full week
vegetarian I'm gonna do it he's a birdie
hiding under feet here he's like
chirping away okay
he seems okay okay he's moving around
he's probably just hiding from the rain
your shoes
he's probably is hiding from the rain
mist abandon them abandon ship
so I got some baby leaf rocket and look
at this cuz somebody ate on my a
mozzarella not pointing anybody you
didn't the chairs so I fed this one
discover mozzarella it doesn't look as
nice as the other ones you know a toast
my car Tilly
but I'm see rocket and baby leaves solid
nice with my corn you know yeah yeah oh
wait oh he's on top of the shed now he's
probably communicating making a call
those lines this here this is pregnancy
time yeah pregnancy pack pregnancy pack
only she's fatter than me because she
was farther wanted of me
she's also carrying probably a couple
even if you are pregnant you are you
faking just still still think she might
be faking it I know we can see it I can
see it they big belly here
okay it's good everyone up everyone out
what let's go get it okay
hey all the way over here ready ready
emprise
yeah no humping this will cause the
problem beforehand yeah why don't you
mom could you stop it just stop it
you kind of relationship on my foot what
you already had your fun you may hide
your fun now you have to take
responsibility okay have you got a plan
you're gonna get a job huh
are you gonna support your babies he
does have a job his own channel Alvina
maltese it's not fair because it's both
of them
oh I'll be the Mahdi Tori's wasn't only
me and a popsicle Navarone channel I'll
call it the pups view it would be net
but then it would never talk or anything
yeah they do talk you just have to find
our voice easier to find their voice I
think we will dude oh is that an we'll
put up like loads of stuff on the malls
like alby's channel their channel
because obviously I don't want to keep
the vlogs well I got some news for you
guys boarded the dog thing so a port
probably like maybe the whole party I'm
not sure but we're put like little puppy
self like some of the birth obviously
like it's in our daily life yeah yeah
yeah on the daily vlog and then we'll
put like the whole thing yeah yeah I'll
try and record the whole thing because
I'm pretty sure like we looked around to
try and find it
one video so it's kind of like well
wouldn't it be cool to have catalog for
other people if they're looking for
Apple say it's gonna be crazy
it's gonna be mental nothing nothing
like command that I buggers do you have
an eye booger Andy doing your foot your
foot your foot either a feeder what she
like she doesn't know as much knowledge
do you eat your foot leave me a comment
if you eat your but I decided to improve
upon my normal recipe is look so I've
got the corn mozzarella and a pile of
leafy Napoleon's and a cup of joe fuss
covers and what do you think that's yum
right better does just wanted to improve
on it I felt like it was good but it
needed like a little bit more you know
to make it like super extra good and
then we have achieved it it went a
little strategy it's had to carry a few
things these are the kind of things you
learn when you're a vlogger now right at
me
we're quite behind schedule wouldn't you
say we're quite behind schedule behind
slightly yeah yeah I think we are
you think they'll run this over I didn't
run me over
thanks a lot German crap coriander wait
he's not that coriander he'll just what
flour coriander you do not know which
one to use like I did a whole one or
greater than 1 or something
are you just Coriana crazy oh yeah it's
for my desiccated coconut just get a
coconut investigators plate chopped what
is anything destiny Oh God oh goodness
she caught in the management in there we
have a crazy pregnant woman who's about
to go nuts coconut we could buy a
coconut and desiccated didn't have
anything coconut here you see fields
boiling
like an angel but I remember used to be
able to buy like coconut in in life in
the baking section here somewhere no
we're done you check there now wait I'm
gonna check up this way
all the washing up is done burning is
gonna cook and guys I can't resist a
good deal oh three it was like three
four three euros three of these I got
one two three four three euros three
four three
I was like oh my goodness this is an
amazing deal I'm a nerd forward the egg
egg egg I don't care about the caramel
the flake or the cream egg I'm just
about the actual chocolate egg but isn't
it such a good deal three for three
that's my first Easter egg of the year
there's all this stuff on it oh by the
way we found the coconut and the coconut
milk and the coriander fresh cut and the
corn saltiness and the tomato puree and
car cardamom I don't know either way
they're the things that when you're
eating curries and you eat them and they
blow your head off
that's what they are and some coriander
turn I'm sure that's gonna fit all in on
that little bugger but it is in so it's
finally Friday and I'm making korma from
scratch which I'm really proud of myself
it doesn't smell exactly like for my app
but maybe that's what people haven't
added in all of the ingredients until
need to add in the coconut the
desiccated coconut I mean I mean the
cream the butter and yeah maybe that
will kind of change it a little bit but
right now I'm just boiling the rest of
the spices and everything in with the
corn pieces and then of
some brown rice as well so actually
watch hand me that you still have some
pain so I'm not sure preparing myself
that was just a lot of spices a lot of
coriander a lot of spices coconut milk
some other stuff but you can find the
recipe on horndog forgot UK or corn calm
I'm not sure
oh yeah it's not more for my Ishmael but
um yeah so I'm hoping everybody likes it
I forgot naan bread I'm really annoyed
at myself for that but you know that's
how it goes
I remembered rice so that's a good thing
but yeah I'm hoping everybody likes it
this is my first ever time cooking like
anything like this from scratch like any
kind of Indian food from scratch so well
you real Indian people out there I'm
probably like but it's my first time you
know okay pull these blinds down um so
yeah let's just boil it for like three
to four minutes
um and then we're gonna add on the rest
ingredients and then it's pretty much
done so it's pretty easy so I really
recommend that website if you are a
vegetarian
um they're not suitable for vegans
unfortunately so sorry about that but um
I think they have some stuff in the US
but is but not yet here but it's a
really good option for when you're
vegetarian because it's just so quick
and easy so came along a nice smooth
okay now it looks like korma creams in
there the butter and see what you think
coconut um rice is boiling this was from
here in half past but my mom is gonna
check in the shop if she can get some
naan bread which I feel kinda bad about
because who goes to your guests house
and brings her own food huh I told her
that was parking yes hopefully she got
some naan bread but otherwise I have
rice
I thought my Patty's Day napkins all set
up I'm this smells amazing so if this
turns out good
well I should say definitely I would let
you know look what we got one nice that
was worth it not worth it oh I see you
punch ran right to punch a teenager
sometimes teenagers punch back and
sometimes I don't
I won you guys a pet parade tomorrow
piggies no no we didn't go last year -
got your shoe let's say goodbye it why
my son peepees happen to my son's he
pees where did you pee pees was it
Ricky's Ricky's the GDP pees who did pee
pees are you waiting to wag your tail
even pee pees her odds these chemicals
stuff we got here Rashi the Gaza what
are you doing stealers you get off my
couch that's my special area you do you
get to sit there I know I know
my sewing box oh yes you did yes you did
now snip snip snip snip ha ha
come on you must leave leave this place
and take your dog with you what is your
technique for opening and Easter egg
here we have an easter egg because I
don't buy it
Easter eggs for the actual chocolate
bars or candy or anything that you get
with her i buy it for this little bugger
here now this is quite a small little
bugger as we can see here but this is am
this is how I open my Easter egg because
I'm kinda I'm looking for the shards of
chocolate you can you can you could
place it here and you could like tip it
tap it or do you like go along the edges
how do you open your Easter egg and you
slice it along the side lesson neatly ah
you're such a girl so my technique place
egg on the ground repeat the words
karate chop karate and there you have it
and when we come in a moisture back in
together and if you find a little
opening part right and you kind of open
the opening part and then you hand up
get loads of nice little shards of
chocolate you see it's not better see
heavenly hmm heaven is a halfpipe and
that is how Joe Bosso opens his Easter
eggs
leave a comment how you open your Easter
egg and go have a nice night hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be aa
