following takes place between 8:00 a.m.
and 9:00 a.m. I'm so hungover we watch
seven episodes of 24 last night sorry
dad to have because you're like oh my
god what's gonna happen it's like to me
like don't your daddy kick kick kick
Oh yours like and then your Netflix does
are the sneaky the sneaky sneakers it
just goes he played next episode and
you're like yeah I do it actually
and then it just goes ahead in place the
next episode then you know it's like
five o'clock in the morning 24 is you
come with a medical warning because I
know you think alike thanks thanks a lot
thanks a lot I appreciate that we should
appreciate the crystals okay okay
I appreciate the kisses but um that's
what got you in trouble in the first
place I didn't see 24 before but I
remember where I missed a couple of
years of it so I would say 9 house icon
Oh wouldn't be cool to find the series
on Netflix and I found it and there's a
couple of that is the whole see I think
I'm watching season 4 who are you
what do you wish to cook wait to come
become persons huh throw my season
4 at the moment and it's a joke you
could do oh my god if you haven't
watched season 4 right and you have
Netflix white season 4 week me maybe we
should do that sometime oh my god we
should have movie night sometime I
watched I do how should I do it I'm like
Twitter or Facebook or stuff letter or
like blog TV I didn't I had to do it
obviously I can't stream I'd film but we
could all say like if you have Netflix
it's like right with all like I'd like
you know let's say like oh wait a second
billable time issues maybe like kind of
Saturday or something so we can watch
like late in like GMT and airlie EST and
PST and whatever else exists out there
what's Asia yeah hey what's a straight
what but yeah something I know we can
all watch the same film and then
afterwards we can all like talk about it
these comments that actually can
actually we possibly actually work does
that be kind of cool like a movie club
have a movie club it's back up time I'm
just am transferring the all the
episodes of the show because I like to
keep like everything I've ever done on
YouTube offline as well I know YouTube
to store it as well but I don't know I
just feel like having a physical copy is
kind of awesome as well but em you can
see here look right you see look right
so we've got back up from zero eight
zero nine zero ten that's July 9 and
these are like projects and stuff I've
worked on and I was just dumping over
179 gigs from the laptop 55 minutes a
penis but um it's like I don't know a
couple of hours of footage like but this
is my like terabyte storage unit thing I
don't know just like having an offline
copy of it you know because you know I
don't know just you know we put so much
working like two years into dissonance
like I like to keep it keep it all I'll
keep calling me that's right keep it
that time in the old week the old
recycling look at that guys like
everything is recyclable I have narrowed
it down to this this is it this has been
like been rubbish for the entire like
over a week that's all we've consumed
and everything else is recyclable
isn't that awesome half of that in ages
well yeah it's not so cool I'm really
proud of myself also guys I think we
have done an entire week without getting
any takeaway high-five you ready
incoming
last breath me well yeah it's not
awesome but in summary we should get
anyway yeah just notice no like that's
kind of cool so I do not do not mess up
my little system and I think the pays
many little vacuuming vacuuming please
excuse my naked body underneath actually
it's not- underwear on um totally TMI
anyway so I'm gonna film my Patty's Day
well it's not really Pat it is Patty's
Day inspired but like it's kind of
something that you could do like you
could apply to everyday but its head
wear green in style stylish me for
Patty's Day yeah so I have everything
laid out on my bed and there's lots of
green mostly khaki and olive because I
like those colors and then there's lots
of gold for you know to incorporate the
gold there's hardly any white but
there's also orange more green daffodils
for springtime and oh my little clips
that I got so yeah I'm gonna film my
fashion Patty's Day tutorial thingy
today and hello lb doesn't LP look so
like super sleek and slim know that he
is um cut because before people were
saying that he had gotten fat and I was
like I don't think he's gotten fat I
think it's just because I keep walk he
gets walked like almost every day so and
he doesn't eat like a lot I'll be
actually is not the one nuts like
piggish like that Cena is way more and
she actually well annexed preggers so
it's different but she usually weighs a
lot less than him I think she's like
half his weight or something usually and
now they're like the same weight cuz
she's carrying babies sometimes but um
yeah usually
Cena's the one who eats a lot juice
obviously has a really high metabolism
plus she runs everywhere but obviously
lazy one but he's also like never been
that into food that much like he I don't
know he's not really how are you all be
they here the keys rustling so they
think they're going somewhere but look
how slim he looks so you can see his
waist now and his little belly and
that's not big so don't it just ignore
those people because I think we got a
few hater comments didn't he saying he
was fat I know and I was like no he's
not bad
he just had really a lot of hair so now
that it's gone you can see his lovely
slim oh you're so cute Xena
good little helmet head though they
always when they come out gorgeous they
have a helmet oh my god later yeah hmm
but it's the best so javis has been very
good husband and he's going to do the
recycling today while I film my video
they need to do it like early early in
the day I mean in the daylight so
daylight savings otherwise I would
totally go oh I'm sure you live in here
I see you do your hair and your makeup
to do recycling yeah is that important
always look your best when you do
recycling
get out Christina that song brings me
back to the time when I met Ana because
that song was like kicking back then was
that 2006 no thousands I think once yes
2007 Iran spring time 2007 that song was
the shiz both dizzle and you know when
it when and then I cups neck him on if
y'all like love that June Robert I loved
it too but I used to sit in my bedroom
do the dance routine you know don't tell
anyone okay you tell those puppies who's
boss married couples are always
bickering can't you guys work it out
didn't see marriage counselor no is it
over is it sorted out so let's make my
lunch
what's going on what's going on what's
going on oh yeah they're like a
racehorse or something hmm so cute oh I
think I need to cut the grass again oh
don't mind see a nappy piece I'm such a
phaser you get a phaser because it's
like I go through like phases of like
having soup every single day and then
that becomes my thing and then I'm all
about the soup every single day then I
started get bored of that or something
like that and then I move on to now with
my pitabread my corn-fed my mozzarella
and then I have this every day but I
have this every day and they're gonna
get bored of that and I'm I used to do
like frankfurter bagels then I did like
waffles then like chick inside and bagel
slicing and you know crunching like so
many different things that you do for
ages they didn't get bored of them you
know the same especially for breakfast I
mean like I have not found my breakfast
I think Anna has found her breakfast
because she always has the same thing
and she always he likes it and I don't
know I just when I was a kid I was
always like Rita backs are like you know
for fun times be like Coco Pops isn't my
app I don't know after that old I
haven't found my breakfast I don't know
like I don't wanna have a coffee first
thing you know and then I like go online
and check see what's going on
and then it's like then the next phrase
before I get to like lunchtime it's like
what do I have you know I don't know
what is my breakfast here's how to get
Joffe is to agree to going for walkies
okay so we're gonna go for a walk
private room yeah because the weather is
a change in Jo fees we need to go and
bring out we and Cena out they haven't
been out in a while
oh excuse me come in Mayday so I'm gonna
shoot me what if I kind of know Alvey
Cena you're gonna do anything once
Chris won't be able to resist our sweet
faces who always to go for a mother
effing mother Evan
you guys have to sit in the Sun whoever
wants to go for Anna Thursday afternoon
let me go just changed key there I did
study music you know so I actually know
a thing or two bad that even though I
can't really sing but we go for a walk
okay ask daddy if we can go for a walk
ease it is in in in in Xena in in in
let's go Liam go go go go go go go yeah
that's me
come on come on guys we're all up in a
walkies mother-effing mother-effing
wearing my shorts I've worn my shorts
where I've been wearing I've actually
won fortunately every day in Lent that's
when I took off for Lent I didn't even
realize it I bought that wheel Nia I
could've just went here and got a free
one
look free wheels spend all that money
get me Darren come on I might you move
right here like you wanna kick in the
face oh I can't even reach can I kick
you in the face oh no they're called
shorts huh huh huh what's that a poofy a
poofy oh god I'm so sorry but you've got
pointing leather shoes you've pointed
leather shoes you can't be are you
pointing later oh my god what's that
behind you
seriously oh my god come on guys don't
step on anything don't walk into
anything we need you are so clean right
now do not get messy
Bella the jelly put it in my belly all
right 35 nice what does that even mean
Bobby Albie come on come on okay
she likes to be off she's a wonder he's
galloping galloping and it's scary oh my
goodness
the birds are active do you hear that
yeah yeah yeah I don't my window
everybody
whoa and you guys remember that so
cray-cray
used to live just around here and I keep
sketchies this is yeah this is a prime
spot for some rat sees Oh what's this
this
my rocket here and a rock in here
whoa I like to call this rock and roll
Alvey don't do it don't do it don't do
it don't do it no no no Gary get away
get away
banker thank you guys see that you got a
roll someone's getting away she watches
wait she washes no wait she washes
that's the punishment do it yeah
something smaller than you are we
you never sees anyone smaller
my god it was so cute it was it you out
yeah oh my god it's so cute
it's whoever like it's because it was
raining we decided to come to the indoor
pesco it's what you do we drove actually
drove over to the Dunn's and we just sat
there and the nearest parking spot was
ages away do you think it to you no
one's gonna fit sometimes they have I
know I know what you're talking about
sometimes it does say at one-year or
two-year oh if it's one that says does
look there's not more right he answers
oh yeah
hold onto a railing run away hold onto
someone else is holding onto a railing
with this and then I'm gonna pour some
24-hour moisturizer which lotion over it
and then I'm gonna put one carrot with
it because I are you serious
honey you can't just buy one carrot you
put in a bike you can put it in a bike
there can't just like Oh God
where look I think you have to wait or
something as well
what
you know so much
oh my god we could walk outside just
pick these in our garden know what
they're special how much are they
you don't eat them anyway what's the
point of that Wednesday or thought mijo
day why does not then speak in Italian
wouldn't that make more sense instead of
having an Italian accent if he was
talking to his wife who was Italian and
they lived in Italy why would he speak
in English he's gonna live in a time
it's fake he's a baker I think he is I
think we're onto it you know him this
guy you know Ruiz of his wife and he's
like oh ho the sauce makes me all funky
I think we're Karim and he's a faker
doing the pineapple that's a different
one with the extra pineapple I was a
sweet-and-sour thing or something wasn't
it
all these last three peppers in it
no that's
porca somewhere new dolls because I rap
noodles is to live on noodles when I was
in college there were like one year or
packet they tasted like water water
flavored noodles as soon as you ate the
last one you're gonna have to replace
that for me Oh what it's like on its
last legs
oh because the Prine angles make my
nails and hairs are strong
really oh great look it's gonna break it
just so you're blaming the nail on this
know what I'm saying that it just keeps
telling it they're supposed to eat mochi
no no look at this right 24 a boxer 60
euros we got it for 7 euros on Netflix
nice that was a good saving it's saving
on the internet wasn't there for the
entire thing with 7 years and if we
watch it all within one month we watch
it all for free boom was under nothing
else for watch everything on Netflix
every single film every single TV show
and we will have will have tricked the
system somehow someone left a comment a
while ago and the broadleaves about
getting these chicken style differs the
chickens
notice the chicken mr. Berger's no I was
looking for the garlic filler things
thirty plus some when someone's flaking
away I look crispy Phyllis are in front
of us on the ladder
I got excited but yeah like chicken
style Dipper so gonna get you yeah yeah
Sao Paulo these are non garlicky ones oh
they're crispy yeah with our chicken
burgers chicken bill on chicken built
off these are chicken feet it is their
mozzarella isn't her boom and we got the
chicken thing is you need any more corn
I've never read anything
I think they good for you so try these
instead of now I like that I like that
they're simple have a got saucy good
No
but there's different bags look corn
plasters to euros open that up
bring-bring Mila bring me not bored give
me a look at that
okay okay my hand it's okay how are they
all that for nothing but there's known
that I love the corn toffee
yeah we're they're the same though
Cumberland
leave me if you live in coma
it's a look vegetarian barbecue when the
barbecue is I said are we going to
Athens yeah six
it looks different Irish all right let's
go let's go instead of all of these
aisles then here got one little thing
there is for vegetarian fantastic is a
cold snap hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the sakuni
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
