he's getting a haircut who's getting a
haircut please get my haircut who's
getting the haircut and the he's
getting a haircut you can cut you owe me
come on they've no idea no idea they're
like what are we going on today that at
least is not defect oh I don't need to
know that word so I was just saying on
Facebook and Twitter and so on and so
forth there that asked my TV when Cena
has the puppies right and anna has her
baby we're gonna rename the show to two
adults two dogs three puppies one baby
cuz that's like a show it like oh my god
and so I am a just but I must watch it
mm-hmm or I was thing that is like my
chance Tina had two babies right and I
know once you know she doesn't had twins
it'd be too I lost two dogs two babies
two puppies all for the sake of some
entertainment after the groomers are we
excited
looks like Cena has never been to a
groomers before
you reckon oh I want mr. Rochester or
yeah like you hope you can not the
popper you know coast coach you know I
got kind of fun pennant raggedy but well
we got Herman she doesn't do like she's
just much more relaxed I find her much
easier to court but she is curious he
doesn't know yet because they don't show
up on the x-ray boney having like
calcified oh yeah we're actually
pregnant that's what we talk to you know
what's that even the backside and might
even find him yeah you know she was just
making it up because we're kind of like
a pock you know like maybe maybe she
thinks oh yeah yeah I take the beards
off them that's a nice get antenna we
don't
it's always our heart there's it another
table goalies actually I think he
remembers they're like yeah I just actor
he was hiding it neatly that was so cute
alright let's let's go shopping one of
the kids are in there what do you get is
this for the cupcakes for today are you
making out today and then afterwards I'm
going to eat it all
I'm going to eat them all in my tour I
know I always do oh they get real that
maybe I will treat myself one basket
gvrl
no I'll carry it done if you carry the
bag ok to think good deal you should
probably get Alvina something when they
get home a little prize we just
something like special kind of like well
really I do not like mine that stuff
every night doing everything like - we
got something better than that
Oh what's the orange one okay monkey
chops s2000 keep it I want something
that they can chew on for a wildlife
she's best dog you look really happy yes
hey wash me not just by Thai yesterday
thanks so big jumbo jumbo tale
they're like grapes like both sides
grapes but aren't they grapes is not
what they are just like dehydrated
grapes they were everything's wrong
oh my this is about like jelly tots and
everything get this one alright this one
I never look up here before okay caramel
chocolate jobs
I've never seen that before
do you buy icing sugar near a different
brand or something I've never seen that
one before
oh it's this one
you already got not well it sturdy sent
cheaper what which one oh yeah I get the
99 we're good to them because you okay
yeah course we're supporting Irish
products alright
oh you need vinegar for the cupcakes is
it here
look at me
I'm all for it I love it I love the
cheapest vinegar it's not your gonna
taste anyway is with the condiments
difference between this is the Euro do
you want malt or distilled
because it's distilled it still sounds
better summer Christmas the quality
Street sink look I have it here again we
take for customer the g2 mini to make
every screen night for chocolate eggs
I just make in Miami Sorella chicken
fill it even though it's not chicken
first thing is getting ready to make our
video you guys see the video I posted on
Twitter and Facebook yesterday
all right just I just did it now so is
yesterday oh my gosh it's some rational
video about the formation of the babies
and stuff absolutely if you go to my
Facebook and watch that video you'll
probably cry if you've had a baby it's
time to collect
albian oh my goodness look at these
patrick's day delight the night you want
to see that video
when's that video going up that girl
today oh so that's already up this on
the style that channel pop across
YouTube looking for socks how that did
you find it I know mmm these and any
girl put stuff on top of that again I
would you put them into cold cases yeah
let's go they smell so good
yeah it's like a break or something
because I see her sprinkles on the
moment but it's like this I think is a
spray and she won't tell me what it is I
think you'll ever see
or something because last time I ran no
because it's also it's like a finishing
spray she was like yeah girl I'll
keep going to you but I decided we've
never seen Xena come back for groomers
now I did say to her life if you can see
there's like quite short I think she's
just doing like a preparation cut so she
tied her up so now she's gonna let seen
it grow into a haircut but how of you be
all I could oh my god I'm so excited car
hurry up oh we're gonna inside I haven't
seen it now I'm excited
so that's what your face looks like
comes in here with our two since
it's just all those asking people who
are where they get their Morty's where
they get their so are you going to sell
them do you have to be waiting for the
car
we're not sure yet I'll be you don't
want to come home anymore you don't want
to come home now you want to go home mmm
he's so cute
No yeah who's the prettiest who's the
prettiest female Maltese pregnant in the
world hmm Hayley you're pretty too
you're pretty too
you're not Nikki oh oh she had this idea
after shave for dogs chat like Calvin
Klein and like goop and like oh yeah do
you do can like something pile I got
different names it paws like leaving a
website I'm gonna look to see maybe
order with him it'd be so cool though
unless you have a Manny code for the
dogs make it smell like me yeah for you
yeah Pristina yeah oh he's trying to get
the munch it was trying to get them
lunch nuts oh you're so cute it's a soft
Sina you got you see her face do you eat
special treats
yeah yeah to get you special treat oh
geez take a nice where's that we got no
is the under here huh
you know cheese dick who is it cutie pie
I love you guys I love you oh you
finishing off the the thingie baubles
poverty things yeah homie no I'm gonna
smell them my house well I think I'll
way to let Philadelphia's on them what
you think though yeah I think is amazing
and heart was with a baby no what the
DNA because your DNA from you and the
DNA for me is split and our child will
have half my DNA code and half your DNA
code and create his own DNA code that
sort of Oz it's triggy DNA strands
Johnny was amazing when I don't want to
know semen whatever you call it like
yeah that's the way it got true of all
the millions them and then he got true
and then created the pink fell down and
it just birthday I didn't heart start
beating and the way that ox is amazing
like and the music and everything he
didn't crying though but it's pretty
emotional just feel like oh my god
little panko gets the one and of all the
girls are like I did I get it like and
you did it like involuntarily we did
every survivor we made it it is really
weird
what in a billion chance of creating my
personality of me being here
yeah like whoa so good some Russian
thing about I know what it is like
steady
awesome it's not my Facebook guys if
you're gonna watch it and watch it come
back here anemic comment let me know me
cry how do you feel the emotional power
of it so I think you might have a
problem with my top I mean we knew that
we had problem with our top before like
the cold tap doesn't work that's why
this is why tear permanently by the way
joke is just figured it out that it kind
of like work
well we've conscious that people are
listening when it start anyway so yeah
we knew that was broken we just kind of
made do with that a cool attack that was
fine and except for one time when my
sister was over and she needed cold
water and there was nothing that she was
like free yet because she had a headache
and everything to be able to drink the
water so that was kind of sleep because
we have a water filter but Sony had just
filled it and every time you thought
it's with hot water or warm water so
it's kind of awkward
super wait a while but anyways so today
well just this evening actually I came
down and this whole thing was soaking
you can see it kind of still is even
though we mopped it up all the receipts
were wet this is who are going to take
back to the shop that came like that a
part is damaged now because it got wet
just everything the coffee machine and
everything just over here and then I
noticed that there was water coming out
of here so it looks like we need to call
a plumber
is not good but I'm trying to think new
actually joke just got this I didn't get
it I didn't get it
no he was on its own like he was
shopping on his own when he got this and
it looks good
I think it's fish fusions by bird's eye
and it's got lime and chili cod I think
this cod or haddock I have no idea but
it says no artificial colors flavors or
preservatives I generally don't go for
like bread into things but bread well
yeah it's got with a light coating but
it's not like how many bread cruddud
bread cruddud braided bread crumbs
whatever you know what I mean so it
looks it looks okay and then it's just
something new I've never tried it before
it so that's baking in the oven and then
we're doing brown rice and some veggies
just some mixed vegetables so there we
go that's not enough for tonight I
thought it would be kind of like and
it's immediately 10 o'clock because
Jonathan went to sleep he took a nap
because he was really tired because um
well we probably went to bed do we
actually did go to bed really late last
night we always go to bed but then we
will go for you early so it kind of like
wasn't the best so we're just gonna boil
this rice in y'all for 10 minutes which
we're exactly on track because that's
the 10-minute marker so that's great
let's see how that is doing
smells fishy no no look how cute she is
guys
she's just so adorable we just played a
little game of hide-and-seek you love
each other the besties
guess what Xena mami Prager stain a
bragger mami pranker I'm friggin
surgical you know you love you well you
got an itch yeah I get those too
sometimes in fact I get an itchy
bellybutton sometimes from this
pregnancy I don't know why but it's a
weird symptom and I always forget to put
it it just happened last week actually
and they forgot to put it in my
pregnancy update but yeah it's you belly
button and it apparently it's because
the skin is stretching and everything so
that was a weird one so we are almost
ready for dinner
hope she stays there because I don't
want her to run around I don't know I'm
like like a protective parent you know I
don't want her to run around too much
but she husband she's still kind of the
same she's a little bit quieter than
before it but she's definitely
she's definitely a little bit calmer
there she is look at the way she lays
out with the camera kit boom she's okay
okay so I think her bit done here you
know we'll see how this goes let's see
if joke does any shows we got Netflix
the other day which was cool cuz we
watched a really good movie actually oh
my god it was so good Russell Crowe and
I usually hate Russell Crowe cuz I think
he's I just can't stand
as a person I mean I don't know him so
it's not really fair but he's got names
like brawls and like fights and like
fistfights and stuff and I just think
that is like such a it's I don't know I
just I can't stand that so I don't
really like Russell Crowe I feel like he
went downhill after the ideator I like
Timmy gladiator and that was better
didn't like them up top but this movie
like he actually proved himself kind of
well it wasn't like a huge acting role
but it was like it was a good movie like
it was a really good one so yeah I'm
gonna stir up the student now oh my
vegetable tallies my spatula dollies
these are so good alignment
yeah little problem with the old leaky
chicken
Oh God oh goodness they know they know
it all you guys know it all hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
