I've just basically said on Facebook
there oh it's like look I'm starting to
reach my Facebook limit and I don't want
you guys to ever feel that there's some
sort of a disconnection or an
unfriending of the sort you know and
that's why it's like when I move it to
the Saucony Jolie page or some other
like page or something like that and
then I was trying to figure out a way
where I didn't want you guys to feel
disconnected plus I don't want to be
disconnected because I love you know any
rights we're friends made on Facebook
who know that I'm always like commenting
back and track no.8 you guys or on
Twitter because I really enjoy that and
so I was looking around for what I can
do and I found a new tool Rhys by
Facebook which will allow me to convert
my friend page so I'll have no longer
have a friend page it's not like I'll
have a friend page which is like private
and a like page I'll have like one page
on Facebook which is what I want and
it'll be a like page and I'll be able to
merge it from the page that I already
have so it's going to be pretty
streamlined just looking you guys have
to do I don't think anyone has to move
across but if you want it to ever have a
like connecting me on Facebook we didn't
want us to be like friends per se if
this is already done I'll leave a link
below but I've just put it up on
Facebook that I'm gonna do this I'm just
kind of letting everyone sort of you
know see it and give himself some noise
because I don't anything I don't any you
guys thinking that oh no we're not
friends anymore at all he doesn't like
me but it's not it's nothing like that
it's kind of like I'm actually reaching
my friend limit which is crazy you know
and then I'm kind of like right well how
do I cross it over without actually like
disrupting our sort of interactions and
this is like the best way that I can
figure out how to do this so if you are
friends with Facebook you might have
noticed if I've already done it I
haven't done it yet but I assume by the
time this has gone up I've probably
already done it oh my god I'm like that
it I know I am excited I'm excited about
everything being opened
opening all the elbe and I wish you then
you go get them okay Sandra dogs though
it was fun and it is done check it out
so now this is like a light page which
is way cooler I think is it looks see
why I have to upload like all the
pictures the graduation stuff I doubt
like there's the double meetup look from
last year but it's just like Facebook
like and downloaded everything from my
friend page and email it to me and my
like then they allowed me to upload it
onto the the new page so it basically
looks kind of the same thing but um if
you've ever wanted to but you didn't
want me like you know me creeping out
all their pictures battery shot ah
because I think like when we were
friends like I would say I can go to
home and I could like see what you see
what y'all up to what y'all up to now
it's like you're private you just like
the page and you get like updates and
stuff like that like you know I don't
know why am i think it's better because
it's unlimited now I can have kitten ten
trillion people liking my page so like
my page man don't don't make me feel
unpopular I don't want to be unpopular
I'll buy you okay if you like my page go
to my page like it and write they you
owe me a cake sir are you having a baby
are you coming to baby I'm gonna pick me
Sienese you're having a baby
what their little babies oh the little
babies so we don't know how many she's
gonna have four you're looking like
anything between like two or three or
four
one so am these are comments of some
names of some puppy names puppy names ah
quit have puppy names who doesn't have
puppy names we're gonna have puppy names
hmm
what are you gonna name your children
what we're gonna name your children huh
you can be involved to Alby it's gonna
be so exciting isn't it and it's kind of
happening like two or three weeks huh
there are little babies in two or three
weeks are you and if you'd like to buy
one and seen those puppies
we're selling them for five hundred
thousand euros each contact me on
Twitter I'll sell you one in fact for
the first five people to contact me
we're going to sell them for 250,000
euros it's a good bargain I tell you now
this is my new for everything guys horn
crispy Philips and some pita bread for
my good food tour that's what I like for
lunch guys enough leave some corn you
know what's a funny because I always
talk corn was em was the thing you know
like corn was like you could grow corn
or make corn or something like that and
and I recently told me that corn is
actually a brand cuz we were I was like
waster no corn in like vegetarian
restaurants and stuff like that you
never get offered corn
you always can offer like lentils or
mushrooms or beans or some alternative
and it turns out of that corn is
actually just a brand because these are
made out of mushrooms I think it is eggs
onions breadcrumbs bike skin right mush
funky frightened fibre right I don't
understand delinquents eteri of the
queen but i like it in my time man
when i put it in my tummy it makes me
feel runny
first we chop up the fillit or you keep
you can use chicken or fish
anything you want can we get ourselves
our little thingy bobbins we can our
mozzarella County mozzarella like this
okay got it as quick because I have to
go and spend a cotillion euros I'm
buying a new wheel of my car and then
just place the mozzarella over it and
close it over you got yourself a mighty
mighty much oh yes siree Bob Sunday oh
yes sorry bout Sunday
oh yes siree about Sunday oh no cravings
Cena is having what she's craving
I think Cena's due date actually falls
around the same time as my nephew
Austin's christening we're going to
Austin's christening you guys coming to
on the I think it's like the 31st of
March and then Cena's Jew date is in and
around that time which is kind of I was
like oh she has the puppies in Dublin
like oh no well I think we're gonna go
in I'm gonna wait another week or two
right for the bones egg Tulsa fire
something like that the guy said the vet
so he can actually see it oh cool look
the Lord my record is in front of me
Joey's done Lord Mayor because it's a
12c one so it's the first registered car
every year is given to the debtor mayor
of each each city so he's in front of me
wow I have a keen idea who he is
no this what you got it done here what
you gone and done Oh crud Alief utterly
well the dryer isn't like flat flat flat
flat flat flat flat it's just kind of
like mushy mushy mushy so I'm gonna just
go straight to BMW because I went to the
place tear apart somebody parked a van
across the little services area so Bravo
to you sir Bravo to you so I'm just
gonna drive up but it's only a little
island so it's not that far away it's
just kind of annoying is the the tires
are soft and then the UM whatever you
call it the Gangji thing is like shark
you cannot drive your motor vehicle with
that kind of the car pressure we have
arrived at the BMW place it's so funny
cuz it's like there's a hundred trillion
BMWs like everywhere we're gonna pick
one beside me all right let's go inside
you give away all my money
like the service Levi's right
my coffee cool though isn't it
I wasn't gonna get loads BMW closed so
they look like BMW vomited on me I feel
like I know this stuff over there would
you like to get into your BMW and I'll
be an ugly branded clothes perfect baby
seat for the car
thank you that's why well you can take
the new whenever you go did you miss me
oh he's gone all day and I actually I
missed you guys cuz I was like you know
I'd go into a shop and I'd be like I
feel like I should be vlogging this you
know
did you just anyways so I got some cool
stuff for tomorrow which actually is
okay because by the time you guys watch
this video my video will be done
so no on't yes it will I will okay yeah
I'm confusing myself so I got some stuff
for tomorrow which is my super secret
surprise video what you guys have
probably guessed but if you want to find
out go on my channel after you like this
video so I got um look at these they're
so cute they're napkins for Paddy's Day
and I got some green glitter let me see
that I got some gold cupcake or muffin
cases you can probably guess what I'm
doing and I got what actually my mom
bought this but she got Jonathan some
clothes
these pants from the gap they were on
sale but they're combats and they're
actually it's not showing up very well
on camera but it's a nice color it's
kind of like a cat no it's not khaki
it's like I don't know it's a nice kind
of brown I think it'll look nice and
then for summer as well and then I'm
also got a new bra from Marilyn Monroe's
brand which I was talking about in one
of my videos and I got some more of
those like maternity friendly they're
not much higher than you but they're I'm
trying to be friendly underwear
the little boy short ones they're by
Marilyn Monroe as well and they're super
comfortable for if you're preggers like
me so um that's all I got and we went
out for lunch as well and
this looks weird
strange anyway the three way up for
lunch as well we went to Italy
we always go most of the time and I had
um a salad there salt are amazing so um
that's all I got so I'm gonna have to
kind of plan for this video and I have
to edit my more to call it Paddy's day
tutorial which I'm wearing on my eyes
right now but I was so tired after all
that juggling and my feet hurt so much
cuz the shoes that were so dumb for like
that kind of thing for walking and
chopping ring shopping and walking
around him so my feet really hurt but
he's Tina hey fellow preggers you okay
do you have fun without me
oh we talked about you today
you non-stop the conversation that was
mostly read seen on her little babies
that are gonna be coming out soon
hope nobody pina my room good dog okay
had at my video now Oh
on my way testa wanna nighttime run
looking for the munchies a button in my
Tumtum
gonna get myself some lunches for my
Tumtum
oh you got a power hey this is the first
time I've actually driven in here in my
new car nice and bright up here maybe
with some ladies up here oh yeah oh yeah
jumpers a little cool Jake I think you
guys are officially authorized me to use
the LL Cool J high-five
did you just high-five your screen there
I hope you didn't break it
always you going ahead oh no you going
ahead
that's what else what German drivers do
mm-hmm I'm a German driver now or just a
German driver and driving full of germs
and again I spot near the front yeah
nicely reversed beep beep beep beep
didn't actually come with the beeper so
I had to improvise oh nice I love that
you know when you get a spot and you can
drive through to the other spot that's
the kind of spot edge I may have just
broken my door here I think I've showed
you guys to be rad the new wheel
yeah that's the new one look nice and
bright and sparkly in comparison to the
theater one look actually doesn't look
that much newer visit
nope doesn't really I just found awesome
because I was worried that it would be
like we need super new and shiny and
they don't wanna be like really old and
dirty looking so that's pretty awesome
when you put your cute these are
like 50th emperor has seen as little
babies now as well as that one what was
daddy loves Mina always for Mother's Day
isn't it
mommy's little angel I think he's in
common oh no no she don't tweet me some
of things or leave on my Facebook of
what I should get Anna and Sina for
Mother's sake I need to get seen this
afternoon cuz that the rule is if
analyst pregnant she got something I
suppose I've seen as pregnant she's get
something as well we had two bulbs broke
yesterday two boards broke yesterday
isn't that crazy
I think maybe because I bought the add
the cheaper ones so I think I need to
buy like a more expensive boot like
these ones here so last
the 41 kind of like a 61 do i what I
wanted 41 see what oh I work that well
it must have cared me thanks morning
you've been a tough day today so I
decided to get her back as a teacher
because she loves a Ben and Jerry's life
I've been a Jerry's at 7 euros which I
felt very difficult to spend 7 euros on
a piece of ice cream but it makes the
lady happy well indirectly literally
having to look with allergies police's
mostly just texted me
I've seen that Xena and Anna are
obviously having a bad moment she said
they decided to come on ma thesis
because I was like don't eat my
Maltesers so that was my punishment for
just not being pregnant until you get
punished for it you know be punished of
you and you're looking to buy some eggs
and you're thinking like oh I forgot my
shoes yeah I left my shoes in your egg
Department that's where I'd like them
it's this it's gonna new kind of pop
sanity a little bit is it too late to
eat pancakes
can you eat pancakes in March she faked
it lads
it was a baker look he paced it
Maltesers intact and here I thought you
ate them on me I was getting ready to
divorce you you'd be a single mom to
single moms so let me just start
preparing this healthy meal and I have
retrieved for the family shan't take too
long Shanta not Shanti ultra-thin yeah
man her special prize right is it oh no
gotta go put the boobs in ready it's a
surprise close your eyes see what God
gets do forbidden ice cream no cool when
it is Cora Barry he's got white
chocolate chips in it I never seen no
one before he always liked to buy the
ones you never heard of all right have
you ever heard of that one deceased me
like piling out new flavors all the time
these days that cheer you up come on in
for the hug oh my god oh my god
becquer so and you guys want to do Ana a
tutorial on how to cook a pizza how do
you not know how to cook them but it's
the same it's the same way I don't see
how I would do it any differently right
turn that on turn this on how many
minutes 220 I would say you don't even
need to put on four minutes you can just
let yes take out the end
take out the shelves you'll need to take
that match I mean I am actually ending
up doing all this now this is what what
are you doing that was that why am I
doing this now oh alright well you know
no no no no no you just look at it and
when it when you feel like it's done up
done no no no all right and then
basically just put that in there and
close it over that's it that's pretty
much it all right take care of the thing
take our plastic I'm gonna go get your
mother
easier you want an easier version of
that yeah back in
suppose the normal one organic one
he's a better option
yep
now I've done anything else because I
don't want to have to go out again my
wife it's a slave driver hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
