what do you think see that what do you
think see me you can tell me tell me are
you two star-crossed lovers are you two
star-crossed lovers we are we are
bringing seamless ups to the bets today
to get her first gun her first trimester
she's running like a second trimester by
now if she is actually pregnant
hopefully it's not like worms on it
tomorrow something horrible like that
you know so well then can't you divide
two months into tree yeah trimester me
to three months man
mr. a week master trimester dual master
oh yeah doesn't work out very well he'll
be you go me daddy you gonna be daddy
it Teen Mom Teen Mom see me oh my god my
one-year-old daughter is pregnant my
one-year-old daughter is pregnant with
her brother who's tree oh yeah well you
three and next this month it next month
yeah next month oh my god you're gonna
be three oh yeah you don't be a
three-year-old hoist me the wait a
second if it's the seven-year thing then
that makes it his 21st 21st I know I
know I'm the same see that we're gonna
find out today huh I'm gonna fight note
top three
they work a good on Wednesday get the
groom on get tickets Agumon fifty Grove
over that girl sometimes we get them
groom I remember before she said the
Anna she was like oh because I'm absent
she was like oh goodness like she made a
little remark she was like oh you don't
she told me that a second one didn't you
yeah when she's like gosh can't even
take care of one and you've got another
what and now we're bringing the to her
back she's pregnant possibly your
neighbor's dog that is why we stopped
going there
so we're slightly concerned but I'm
gonna tell you I've seen is really
active and stuff they need a half I know
like our neighbors dogs Durbin
my ass if you guys when you guys are in
court right because I know a lot of you
are in court and if you know a dog
grooming groomer in Cork leave me a
comment or hit me up on Twitter or
Facebook and let me know of a grooming
service in court what we're looking for
is like I don't know like a real good
service I suppose
what's that little thing that you want
the registered ones you were the
groomers we had this groomer when we
used to live in doggy and Blackrock and
she was amazing she was so good how he
liked it he'd meal didn't you yeah yeah
she was just so we liked going to her
like a navvy Harry got along well her
own dogs would like wait with it with
the doggies
it's fine I just bought afraid when she
caught ya
so it turns out the puncture is a slow
with CP puncture so take about ten hours
for it to sort of deflate so it's kind
of later this morning so I'm gonna head
down and Douglas first and get some air
in the tires and then I'm gonna go up to
quick spit in little island and they're
gonna see if they can bits the insight
you think they should be able to just
replace that or I'll just get a new tire
you know but it's still I know people
are you gonna say oh that's what you do
for good the second thing is like yeah
but like it's still like a massive
saving so I don't really mind we're here
at the Kwik Fit place just waiting for
the guy because he's actually test
driving a car or something at the moment
and instead of letting take a minute
it'll only take a minute
I got the clamp on excited to put it
this size but I can actually see this is
how you actually power the clamp action
activated okay that's enough to get Nina
and me in the frame in the Z frame guys
I am still wearing shorts but it is
freezing today freezing call today I'm
really pushing at the bar wearing the
old shorts but actually has a sign
inside and goes while you wait for your
tire we have seated room it's like a
heated room nice cuz I would sure like a
heated room right about now
ah crap
so the front alloy is actually broken
like you said like it's got a crack on
it interested like you can get it welded
but the problem with getting a lot it
look like it's welded before so I got
three good hours I'm one dodgy one which
is kind of crap but um so I went into
the BMW dealership there cuz he said
like you can look online you might find
one you know to buy one an orderly and
boy eyes left it's like or if you try to
go get it welded but it looks like
someone tries to get well it before and
it keeps it keeps leaking so it's losing
air ahead of the weld area so I might
just go and
call our Atari I might go check online
see if I can get one I went to BMW
dealership and they were like
quite expensive this is let's just call
it that quite expensive for a new wheel
but if I buy a new wheel off damn that's
it for forever and ever
there's no problems with it it's brand
new you know
go ahead do that like still buying one
brand new wheel off them and the three
other ones that are perfectly fine from
that guy I'm still I'm still asleep
money brought it in buying new ones you
know buying four new ones so I have to
buy one new one in three second at once
oh it's not that bad no but she's kind
of annoying get cut yeah kind of totally
buddy so I got guesstimate and
everything which I'm gonna get it done
tomorrow
I guess use like your new lens looks
like the air is coming out of the tire
should that go through tomorrow into
o'clock is like cool yeah fitting
installation service labor VAT tunnels
up to 600 quid like guess so I guess so
that's it no more food guys no more food
for estimates we're gonna we're gonna
live off whatever the garden whatever we
can cook in the garden we're gonna live
off let's see um those berries look
tasty okay we're having those bays for
breakfast can we grow some like potatoes
or something you go to mama sublime Joe
my favorite thing at the moment is
though right at corn this is like a corn
filler it looks like it's you can fill
it but don't be confused don't be fooled
by the chicken that I got I'm still corn
and I'm from the block with my food
doctor and mozzarella mozzarella all
right let's put mozzarella Bella no but
I have to get you that book Xena what do
you expect for an expecting a puppy hmm
how do you feel you're gonna be like a
teen mom oh I hope that's what it is
we'll find out soon mm-hmm do you guys
hear this song
this is sounds like our future son
decided because I showed Jonathan the
music video and I was like this is what
our future son is going to be like but
he's gonna dress like this is what his
hair is gonna be like you know the one I
have no idea like who they I know it's
one direction but I have no idea what
their names are you know the one with
the stripy shirt and the individual yeah
he doesn't know curly hair he's got his
hair like those like this I have a crush
on my future son no yannick but yeah
that's what he's gonna look like okay
okay I hate going if you watch our vlog
since like last year or like even before
like you know that I hate going to the
vet like I actually remember I cried and
one of the vlogs guy to do it by myself
one of the one of our biggest ruber well
my biggest regrets of deleting videos
yeah we we didn't datavoke we had on our
channel called stylist and the flu you
guys remember back then it's probably
when we toyed is the idea of their daily
vlogs I suppose wasn't even dated I was
just blocked but we have to flock where
when were the last time we were like
going to the bat and we were like oh
well we'll just go up something's wrong
with Albie mm-hmm and then he had to get
the I removed surgery well yeah we knew
that there was something with his eye
but yeah yeah yeah that was like but
I hate it so much I feel like I am more
nervous because I just but they think I
going on at W yeah and I just hate how
Alvey gets and then I'll be is terrified
he's just shaking away here she doesn't
know the beds but it doesn't yeah but it
doesn't mean as much to her because I'll
be obviously had girl surgery and stuff
before it's not you homie hey okay me
it's okay look for a little thing she
kicked explained I wish she could
understand what I'm gonna pet human yes
the small dogs middle one whereas human
years 25 years 17 28 28 did you in him
late twenties huh
you're older than mommy so freaking out
so LD congratulations you're a daddy
Tina's gone off to get a sonogram well
he just wanted to tell you what she was
gonna have to get us on a gown oh my god
it's so excited she was like licking his
face like I know you know daddy have to
get you what to expect very expecting a
pup yeah we'll go into waiting room cuz
he's come to get an x-ray and see how
many is there Oh what can I hurt bike
guy okay hold on hold on hold on
it may still be a phantom one who went
to give her the x-ray and they're like a
sonogram thing and it turns out that he
couldn't actually see any puppies so he
went and did a blood test because he
said look she could be pregnant or it
could be like a big phantom pregnancy so
he's gonna do a blood test and he's
gonna go test now he hasn't a machine
he's gonna give us a call in an hour or
two and he's gonna be able to tell us
definitively if she is pregnant or not
how exciting she's alternate ep's over
there now how exciting is that exciting
Abby Abby will be in our car okay
so the vet told us this thing that
happens with girl dogs and it's
basically the same thing or like similar
thing of when you know when women a lot
of women live together or like spend
time - yeah I live together like spend
time together there are periods like
synchronized
well basically dogs can do the same
thing like female dogs they could they
all start going into heat at the same
time and they also start like if one
girl dog gets pregnant and the other
ones don't the other ones will start to
go through like sometimes the other ones
will start to go through like a phantom
pregnancy is what it's called I had read
about these online but they call it what
do you call it the convent
yeah it's uncommon in fact it's on my
back yeah where like they also it's the
same idea or the same thing as like you
know you all get your periods together
like it's just I don't know when women
get into groups together and weird
things happen
so um don't hang around it is warning no
but I think it's when the dogs like all
live together and then so if one girl is
pregnant and then all the others aren't
they might still like lactate and anyway
and he told us like it gets to the point
where like sometimes the not pregnant
ones will like steal puppies woman that
was and like start to feed them and
everything like can you imagine of like
we tries to steal panko like
she's getting ready for pankova because
and then Jonathan said you know you
don't think it's like cuz that was going
through my head too
you don't think it's like maybe she
views Anna as like you know the same and
she is being affected by her pregnancy
and he was like no no I don't think so
but we think so like we're sitting here
we're like no offense to him because
he's like intelligent man like he was
able cuz we told him we were 15 weeks
pregnant as well and then he was like oh
so your due date is in what September I
was like you some madman who teachers do
that like what oh my god what's good and
you go to that school
umm and then he said something else oh
yeah he kept calling
he's totaling Jonathan by his his first
name like Jonathan and we had never like
introduced each other I mean we go there
like we had gone there before but since
we moved to Middleton and everything
we'd been using a different vet so he
just like was totally like on the ball
like he knew like everything he called
seen us you know though they don't look
for thinner thinner but um yeah so I
honestly think that it might be that the
condiment effect well no he thinks that
it may be as probably found him but he
won't know for sure no he said like a
super advanced phantom like he's that
like it's really good it's like she's
totally
the problem with the entrance there um
yeah she's totally showing like she
looks like she's pregnant
like it's so weird and she's gone so far
like her little nips right and
everything it's weird that is huge yeah
later last night we wait her she is
twice the weight that she used to be
like twice the weight she's she's red as
heavy I think she's the same way that
I'll be and she was a lot lighter than
lb cuz I'll be over here oh I don't I
have 20 cents okay
oh isn't it so stupid that you have to
pay for air yeah I know we can blow into
the tire yeah I'm getting it fixed
tomorrow so this is just I don't want to
wake up tomorrow and find it deflated oh
yeah
nuts the last thing I do
at angling time so this is basically
what it's gonna be like if Cena has
puppies this will be us now walking
around oh yeah nice about three yeah she
could be faking it
okay several point someone get unleaded
there yeah Peter Sellers that's the name
of the guy from the people thank you
very much
whoa whoa whoa whoa where is it where is
it gone I've lost it there you go
Vic's flick 77 thank you very much thank
you
oh hi you two oh hi oh hi that was
annoying me I couldn't remember his name
but I got is so funny
I used to be the parallel of the
parallel bars stuff you know I'm talking
about all we're just waiting for the
phone to ring for the phone to ring Cena
have baby 16 and happy a little puppy I
just gave Cena some broccoli there you
don't know she liked it but I'm reading
it myself so tough she kind of bit and
that might be a different kind of block
for you I don't know it was like I don't
know what's different
anyways I just have some veggies here
for my stir-fry that I made you which
consists of chicken
why anyway um yeah as you can finally
going making sure free weights some
brand right it's gonna be super healthy
and super good for you and I think I'm
gonna do the sweet and sour sauce or
something I thought because we have had
those stir-fried veggies for a while I
really wanted to tighten it you get like
some snow peas or snap peas whatever
they're called running from that some
baby corn broccoli I don't know what
this is I have no idea
like do you guys know
and that's obviously a chili pepper so
yeah just need to boil the counter for
the rice because brand rice is better
for you than make rice that's we all
know I actually think I have both but
will do brand rice cuz it's healthier
what I have seen us getting on with that
um piece of broccoli I used to love
broccoli like raw when my mom would cook
dinner especially if she was doing like
pasta broccoli oh my god so good and she
would like have it like choctaw and then
she'd give me some snack on she always
did or if she was doing carrots that's
actually I prefer carrots raw to cooked
I still do something that's not me doing
anything
alright so I'm gonna make my stir-fry
and my rice then I will show you guys
the final product and look at these
bulbs there's something wrong with the
fixture because there are new bulbs and
so fill this tree over there work but
these treats one of the most split one
of the me to work from the beginning and
then another one was flickering the
whole time so it's really annoying
she ate it oh my god she actually ate it
look oh my god it smells so good I know
I say this every time and look at the
colorful look isn't that great hi I just
gave her a little bit um not P but she
didn't like it so that's where she draws
the line you know but um yeah you're
supposed to make apparently the more
colorful veggies and like colorful meals
obviously not artificial but like
colorful veggies and stuff here that's
the better for you so it smells so good
at sweet and sour the rice is cooking oh
you Monica
it's freaky Sita I'm telling you that
light fixture is broken isn't it faker
you faker
I never puppies in your tongue comments
or are you just trying to be like mom
and you're faking it when you're faking
it here's a good girl she was so good at
her ultrasound you know another on step
four x-ray the vet and the nurses and
everything they were like she was such a
pleasant dog like she's just nice to
everybody she loved everybody she lets
everybody come she's really really good
dog
good girl see now I just got a phone
call Nina okay from the vet yeah should
I hear the phone ringing
so Cena yeah the verdict in and you know
what are you ready yeah I tell me okay
it turns out hey guys and thanks for
watching
just kidding turn dead Cena is pregnant
yeah I know you're pregnant Cena
it's official because he was like
obviously it's a lot earlier than you
might have thought you see when he did
the x-ray they couldn't see any puppies
so he assumed not and he said they're
just to do bloodwork and she has the the
markers or whatever it needed but I said
she's pregnant
Cena's definitely pregnant 100% no
because the x-ray couldn't figure out
the x-ray holy could tell is that the
markers right in the blood it's not
you're not a faker we were thinking you
were a baker he's like because I suppose
you didn't see it actually happening you
can't get an exact date to figure out
what he said I'd say in about three
weeks should probably have our puppies
as I got oh my god no see this framing
guys oh my goodness
see you know you want to go to bed I'll
take care of you I'll be you need to
step up now I'll be you're gonna be a
dad just like me hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
haha
