ha there goes maan who's Joe Pistone
visits fun how don't the facts right woo
let's sing a song about I don't know
curtains
I miss my laptop I don't know why I talk
so stupid this is my coffee
anyways so javis is getting his alloys
this is actually fun this is a fun chair
I suppose my dad's chair you know
Jonathan stole it although my dad
probably stole it too from the
University he was known to do things
like that but anyways um was I gonna say
yeah we're going to get Joe vyses um
always for the card so that people
cannot steal wheels or our hubcap
thingies I love that I love that word
now I never knew that word even existed
and now I'm like hubcaps I just like it
Hellcats I never knew what that was
anyway so um we're gonna go do that now
oh my God look that's Josephus's ring
how huge is not I don't even have mine
on actually oops we're getting a divorce
anyways and um look panko goes brewing
you see that that's kind of annoying
oh my God look I have on a belly band
and then I have one tank top underneath
but it's definitely going Sony have you
read that and I got I forgot to show you
guys yesterday cuz we were so I know we
a lot happened yesterday actually you
know it wasn't supposed to be a very
eventful day but for some reason it was
because last night Jonathan was like we
have like 40 minutes of footage should
were like what did we do today but
anyways um so I didn't get a chance to
show you guys but after when it's pure
box I got some stuff from the ladybug
designs on Facebook
you know Sam Sherman does or has done
like reviews and videos on her stuff
before so I was really excited when she
contacted me because I really liked
herself and these always remind me of
Sam something totally gonna copy Sam and
like rock some hair bows or what would
you even call these yeah hair bows
flowers and she gave me some this
actually would have gone really well
with what I was wearing yesterday the
navy blue and a white one and then this
headband here and then lots a little I
call these go-go's but I don't know hair
ties and I have one in my hair right now
and so far so good it's holding up
pretty well um yeah so I think we're
gonna go now
and it is 12 1250 yeah we're not gonna
go now we wait to air you like the eager
beaver's like hi we have to go at half
past one so right now no we have to go
at like where buzz one would only be
there like either eager beaver beaver
know we'll go now why okay baby eat your
breakfast I did add me okay
and I've never done this I have like
nice stuff in here right now and Cena's
ball that was like her favorite birthday
present like even though she got one oh
she does use and she loves her princess
but obviously but um she that was from
me and and Jonathan and then we got like
three mini balls like mini tennis balls
from that was supposed to be from Albee
and she loved them like she I think she
lost one one of them is in the in the
garden and that right Tina you love your
little tennis balls because they're so
small we got the the really small ones
that fit into her mouth because the big
tennis like an
regular size 10 is called stupid for her
so yes we're going to go now all right
tires got eum's now I know you're
thinking they're kind of like dirty and
stuff but I am another one of them Joe
kisses awesome plans is I bought these
for like like a tenth of the price of
new ones and then I'm gonna go and buy
like like a like wheel cleaner and some
brillo pads and I'm gonna sit in the
garden I'm gonna do all the manual labor
up slowly cleaning them and then I wanna
save a bucket of money nice you like my
Bailey do you like my scrim p7o guys
took it as a threat study right we
actually went ahead and bought a Mac
version of our car yeah it's got the
little apple thing and that kind of
money
oh I was at home touches at the market
there's the markeith here my dad my
brows in the market where it was just
stuff that I was looking for look at
this safer and factory color and all
wheel cleaner you saw my that oh look at
this one tire gel no I reckon I hired
specifically
really kinda our honor somebody's to do
this and motorbikes you see you sit back
there's a nice better time sitting back
and you're serving towards it when I get
something new you have to get something
new something shiny for Nina
I've got shiny feels now so you need
something shiny - oh my god I always
we're not even married
we're not even married we're looking for
things do we should get document feel
for the time
look at the shoe I know all right so
here we have the new wheels and as you
can see there's a little dirt and stuff
around and boy that's the deal
there's the old wheel but you don't look
at is look at the treads in them they're
like brand-new untouched it's gonna look
so sweet and when you ride and then I
got this stuff here which I asked again
shop was like you know I need to give it
a real good clean now he's like this
yeah he's like we're talking like a
saving of like a 90 percent of the cost
of a new wheel and I got them for like
10% of the value plus and I suppose I've
got to install them myself as I
rebalancing myself I've got to do all
this like retrofitting myself a car do
all the work myself but for the saving
that you're talking like it's it's
insane like so um that's my plan that's
my plan give it to this crazy empty I
look like a guard a car like it our
police cars we call them their driver
and got one no thanks
this is what the furthest would look
like with the old hubcap now with the
fresh ally ladies are gonna be like
chasing me down the road alright let's
drop it down and see if it actually
works it's so much bigger hey Bo just
have one alloy and four hubcaps I'll be
gone that unique well look what I got
guys thank you now we've got two of them
are look whoo-hoo not look way better
let's get from this angle yeah that's
way better cuz I'm sorry the other side
these things over here the difference
nice that's better work quite handy you
know my handyman man of hidden hands
look at our technique because one side
of the wheel is actually lifted up and
bent down so we drove onto a rock put
that rock at Ricky's Jupiter
it's fitting right now here we go job
cabbie do they look better about him I
got street cred
oh right see widow's I hear now that a
new awesome heels on the car
what's that me what's this hmm it's just
everybody got a peel over it many times
over now I have like four spare tires
because look at these ones like these
are not really good tires I cannot these
things are kind of worn down a bit but
these two like like really good and
they're Bridgestone as well which is
that expensive tire so now I've got four
spec tires which is kind of Awesome why
is this open not like it last time or
something hmm I think she probably put
them in here cuz then it must be yeah
I'm gonna go wash the car because I had
my thirty hands all over it and I'm
gonna spray some more stuff in the wheel
and bone wash it and see what it looks
like you excited do you think they look
better yeah I did see the new class well
we're also gonna pick up Ricky's I think
she wants to come for the car wash
because Erica was so awesome she
actually watched all the other heels for
me what she liked
Dustin we just got rid of all like the
brake dust that kind of gets on him cuz
that likes to clean things I was like
you're a fast little sister EVER
so geophys is washing the car again even
though it seems like it's again it's
actually not again because the last time
he was washing the car was the other car
so this is a technique the first time
he's watched this guy but when we got it
it was really clean
this time we don't have a bein seen out
with us he vacuumed the back and
everything because all the wheels were
in here and like it just got really like
messy and stuff but he cleaned it and
Eric has here with me there ugg boots
we're getting Thai takeaways right
my mom says is my aunt and uncle are
over and some of my cousins and so my
mom invited us over for I can't tie
which is really good
that's one we always got but I think
they're getting they're ordering it this
time because my mom used to always go
and like collect it almost like you
don't have to do that you can just go
online and order it and know that the
man will bring it to you and I don't
know I'm scared and then she did it one
time and now I think she's like oh yeah
that makes more sense yeah it doesn't
work on Erika it doesn't get scared like
Sima and I showed Zena to my uncle who
has seen pregnant dogs before but I
don't I've never seen a pregnant dog
before and he thinks she is pregnant
here and he does he is
yeah anyways but if she does have
puppies we're gonna keep them yeah but
she has Trey I don't think she will I
think she'll have like one or two yeah
yeah I would keep them even though yeah
yeah hello
full house hey pop and here we have it
all done nice looks so awesome er isn't
it awesome er smaller oh there's like
fifty billion people in Douglas today
okay knows I could Oz you look like a
tiger the way you're dressed okay there
here's your mom behind you nice nice
okay we must go hold oh no this is like
programming a computer has to get them
people it because after changing it has
all these like sensor system ation and
like all is like crazy computerized
stuff and board but the one flat thing
has gone off which I read about that was
going to happen because it had it comes
with 16 inch wheels on it and I just put
18 inch wheels on it oh so now I have to
cuz the computer was like oh the second
you just inflated your tires by two
inches oh my god your car is blown up so
do the light came on so I have to like
log into the system and do like all
these like crazy stuff to try and get it
working
oh my goodness it's very complicated
thanks for Kim's of a manual but it
would be very complicated
alright let's see if I can figure this
out alright currents I see these ones
getting look this little bugger here
alright it's a dot I have to get rid of
that thing so I got it
no more warning lights nine to five
yes yes siree Bob Sunday yes siree Bob
Sunday thank you very much mr. Manuel
man now this what is this but oh oh it's
not kind of cute let's put this in here
cuz I'll probably need that it's the NCT
thing in there is it fit oh no what what
kind of kind of shabby workmanship is
that I got it nice because I was kind of
concerning but I thought I didn't want a
warning light in the car all the time I
knew I read about it so I was like oh no
look I'm gonna hook that up now so I
wasn't gonna do one I'm here I'm gonna
clean up around the car to make it nice
and nice me
what does DTC me oh it's kind of
flashing it's not flashing it's just the
cameras making look flashing I press
that button or the card blow up that the
sounds the struck button no what does
dtc stanford oh I seem just luck sucker
when I press it
what the heck oh I think that's Cruz is
that cruise control I had those cruise
control cruise control big TTC driving
back to the manual DTC what could that
possibly mean I have no idea
there's loads of stuff in here I have
anyone looked at we should probably
bring this in and the most glorious news
ever guys it was so good and so tasty
and so nice but now we must go to mama
Charlotte's know is that warped I know
it's freaky oh look at that it's so like
fan jaxxed Oh hate it it's so rickety it
almost killed me today
mm-hmm it did I was like trying to drag
it in and it kept like you know did you
manage it
yeah like it kept like closing on me or
like you know what just don't like it
yep that's go Liam oh yeah what do you
do that here what are you doing right
here guys lucky museum that's the first
star of the night can you guys see that
doctor's no other stars in the sky no I
get out of the way Oh get out of the way
of the tree okay yep I start a knife you
see it can you see it
Make A Wish guys make a wish give me
your wish in the comments below and I'll
see what I can do about making your wish
come true
because they all saw the first star
tonight together hello Munchie Oh Rajee
Oh samajis in budgies in cox's on guys
and you guys watch crooks yesterday and
the day before the ads right now that's
definitely not crops is that crops
yeah no no I don't know scoffs that's
this humans I'm gonna show Alvey we see
the donkey's what does he do like this
you could be Superboy cloud Superboy
cloud
sit she get to the cute dogs please
what you wanna be when we go for is
there a multi section prey I think small
dogs yesterday I'm not sure he's like
pleased to meet you he's so cute you're
such a cute doggie yeah
Derek you donkey - you're a cute doggie
- his rogue on guys get some lunch I can
tie the feast of feasts on its way for
us only chicken eating these rights need
to score some rice
I think there's a lot of variance
probably ya know you have that one ugly
okay I don't care cuz there's more in
this one there's more in this limitation
okay - green curry sauce red spicy oh
nice
Lacey lice it's white lies we have eaten
ourselves too late
all the food is gone oh that's all that
is left remnants of a mighty meal oh and
this hey guys what this oh yeah I get it
I can skewer each other excuse you it is
peanut butter which Aaron is over Oh
noodles once and noodles need a letís
come on act like crops show them how
good you are across snobbish mister
mister a spaghetti you know she takes a
snap she's not sure if she's gonna get
it I'll be much gentle
like when he bites it isn't going for
the kill he doesn't it he's a tasty girl
boy hmm what's this stuff guys you guys
ever have suppori pun Forte Marguerite
yeah any comedy we've ever had this
stuff I don't even know what it is is it
tasty but have you is it tasty what is
it it's like nugget or something yeah
it's like hard I think that's the hard
one is it
Kimbo donation yum yum thing is so
awesome I love this coffee
it's so nice after a nice meal you know
when you just feel like you know we're
gonna sit down with my guys watch a
movie or a couple of shows or something
oh you know what we got ran out of
coffee
Michael I ran out of your coffee I go
sent me coffee from Hawaii and it's
finally all gone so I went bought coffee
so look we got star Brooks nice I
haven't at Starbucks coffee in ages I
got the house blend which is the lively
and balanced they also had the Sun and a
couple other ones but I decided to go
with the house bed because I remember
this is really nice oh crap you guys
doing well yeah so we're breaking on
that one tomorrow morning I think mmm
that's nice wouldn't want to put this
one over there in that machine cuz I
will be don't be one hell of a wake-up
call
oh yeah
you make that you make that beautiful
sauce you make that beautiful sauce oh
yeah that's a you know that's a you know
that is going to be our tasty sweet did
you have a nice tasty treat on a
Saturday do you know what will go nice
with that some giant batons
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
