oh my god guys I forgot what it was like
to have a decent sound system in the car
whilst driving as a CD player has like
an iPod jack thing so I can like plug in
my ipod or my phone or something I'm
like nice as this cool thing to when the
phone rings the car just like turns off
well I'd be kind of weird Carter's
turned up with the radio thing that
turns off but it's like so nice to have
like a real decent like I ain't like I
don't know what it is Bose a or Boz or
losing all that something like that but
it sounds so nice like driving along
with some serious tunes but when I got
in the car like first off is like okay I
just wanted to tell you about turning
the car on I was like hey just turn the
key and it's like yeah no no that's a
thing in the past which is kind of cool
because I think they just like you can't
really Rob the car now I'm not saying
that cuz someone's gonna figure out
where we live and Rob the car didn't
even come and go like you know it maybe
that's the whole point of this whole
electric start it's just you can't
hardwired or someone that I don't know
well done to you sir whoever came up
with that idea I don't know I think it's
just cooler you just like press the
button it's like a future wouldn't be
code of mind like it your fingerprint it
like scans your finger and then only
your fingerprint can start the car
although what in an emergency situation
happens it should be like an emergency
but but then it wouldn't of ours always
cook the emergency button oh yeah
there's a flaw in my plan so it turns
out the yeah the part isn't in yet and
not only that but your mom was like you
know in the Alfa
there was no oil in it I was like Oh God
so yeah because he's a really nice guy
you know and he was like oh look he
showed me on the BMW where I'm supposed
to check and what I'm supposed to do and
I'll check for oil and water and stuff
so I was like oh God but um let's go to
the Autobahn
hahaha it's so juvenile but so much good
Anna's laughing I don't care - because I
want to walk over and get some soup pea
soup from the shop how browse like what
I try if you know it's like I don't know
like 50 steps away I was like maybe I'll
just drive over there a nice needs to
drive which is watch me at the window is
like welcome faster cars are like I
Drive it's been a while since I got a
soupy soup so bean soup - three
Nina can have the M farmers choice mixed
vegetable and I'm gonna go divine ripen
tomato and basil vine life when you're
fine - ripe in still insured from the
creators are several masterpieces add
carrot soup and get caddy me a claim
version got in favor Liz you guys wanna
go peepees cheers mama people died
that's a peepees come on come on come on
oh oh oh boo let's go it go an
encouragement okay this plan is a little
bit funky
chicka chicka chicka chicka chicka I was
thinking Chicka Chicka and then October
bands it's fighters that's not Spice
Girls the nails are cheeky Japan almost
name of the song it ends with Chicka
Chicka they've been coming up you know
the answer he become a veer spice girl
also guys if you're ever in the shop and
you like these at these deities Irish
yogurt things okay I live here in
Ireland okay cuz obviously you want to
sell them in Ireland there's like the
normal pack which is like the mix fries
one then there's like the straw everyone
because obviously they made a special
strawberry one because of you everyone
probably likes just a strawberry one and
then we made this one which is the
tropical fruits one okay and I thought
man goin
pineapples passionfruit peach that all
sounds amazing I think I'm going to get
them and I don't like the head and
bought the normal ones you know I feel
about that yogurt one actually in there
but it is like the weirdest thing in the
world
pineapple and coconut no no don't do
that don't do that okay mango and lemon
sounds nice but when you combine them
together it's like you're eating it
you're thinking like this doesn't seem
right somehow I feel wrong so that was a
big mistake on my behalf
never getting them again in in in in in
in in lucky here's one she put it here
look if they actually know where the
tree thing is that is it guys recipes
excuse me excuse me oh is it in here
Oh take one take take one take one come
on take 1 take 1 lb lb is always a good
point no no no see that no no I'll be
take this one don't you get like 10 in
them or something you got is one that's
a nice looking I found my old iPod it's
like generation 1 or 2 I'm not sure what
is it no but it's the actual product red
one and I got me this but you know what
no it's crazy look what I found right
look on the back of it look at that -
Jonas and love on a 13 to the 2nd 2008
look at that
2008 she gave me that isn't that crazy
and it's actually on the back of it
that's so cool I was just ready to fight
and I was like
oh man I cried here for a few moments as
I remember
well yeah cuz I don't really use it I
used to use it in university all the
time but haven't used in a long time so
I'm like okay I'm gonna transfer like
all the awesome talks leave me some
music right that I should put on it
what's like what's your favorite songs
to drive to like I'm thinking like
Lincoln Park Tenacious D and a van but
if like you know correct something like
funky and then at the same time I want
to have another album which would be all
like the under turns which would be like
you know I don't David Gray like David
Gray was a guitar so via v Damien Rice
and feeling down Ben frames you know
feeling like emotional or something like
that then I'm gonna put them to Bill
Bryson books into it as well so that
when I'm driving around I can actually
listen to the Bill Bryson stories
because I don't really like listen to
music when I'm like around the house you
know it sounds like artists you know I
always used to listen to music or
audiobooks know some work but it's like
women like do it I was like oh my god
I'll put them in the car because then we
can listen to the Bill Bryson stories
now maybe Anna could listen to them and
be she like to go buy some stories that
you know we'll see what happens but and
yeah leave me some comments and some
some tunes I should put on a pop why is
this in my box of cables whores look at
a single red shoe you get Cinderella's
it would never fit you that's been on
the floor like what the hell have you
it's my shoe that was my desk there's
such bright um I just filmed my ask Anna
video and then Joe cos he was so funny
who's like hmm um where we live like we
live reading you're like a little corner
shop kind of thing and um he was like oh
I'm just gonna drive to the shop and get
some soup and I was like um okay are you
going to like the petrol station or
something he was like no no just the
corner shop and I was like um we live
like two seconds away from that I was
like why are you driving there it's just
like cuz I want to drive my car
he's like I want everybody in the shop
to know and then I saw him from my
window because I can see everything from
here except double windows double
rainbow all the way no double windows so
it's cool because I can see everything
and um I saw him leaving you like look
at his cars li was so cute you have to
be there but I couldn't vlog it because
like then you would know where we live
and stalk us and stuff like that so no
Liam yeah I'm joking
but um I just have my lunch I had some
soup cuz Joe has bought me some veggie
soup it's the remains of it right there
and that's my tray from breakfast so
yeah I need to bring stuff down with me
I always like forget the Jonathan like
finishes we like do the washing up and
he's finished cuz usually what happens
is I cook and he does the washing up and
um he will finish washing up in the
evenings he like isn't anything off the
stairs no like no and then you go to my
room and there's like five plates and
like all these dirty bowls and stuff
it's like well okay that's a bit of an
exaggeration usually it's just my
breakfast stuff but yeah I don't know
like I feel like I have to adjust to
like this new every morning I wake up
ever since 14 weeks is really when I've
not noticed it but I can wake up and
there's like this bump you know and like
it's not big enough to be like a proper
bump but it's like that in between kind
of you guys know what I'm talking about
if you've been kind of pregnant it's
like that in-between stage where like
you're not big enough to look really
pregnant but you're kind of like you
look like you know you've put on a few
so I've been like going around the place
um like what if we're walking somewhere
or if we're just in a public place I
like hold my stoic guard put my hand on
my stomach just to be like PS I'm
pregnant but it's really weird every
morning I wake up I'm like oh my god
this is so strange like it's just new
it's you need to adjust you know and
then I try on different clothes and they
don't fit anymore or like they look
wrong
I'm just like this is so hard like I
don't feel like I'm big enough though to
buy maternity clothes
maybe I'm I don't know so it's just been
hard like adjusting you know and um I
just wish I was a little bit bigger
that's all I wish my bump was a bit
bigger I'm wearing my bump band can you
see that my my bump band because that's
the only thing that's been saving me
lately and been allowing me to wear my
normal clothes why does your obsessive
cleaning thing I obsessively clean my
computer all the time I do I deep-fry it
I hate the drives like I care at the
cashes always nearly every day I do it
well I know but that that's just like a
thing I would think that is not my goal
Labor Day was my own labor gotta clean
where it is my crib cuz irritating is an
actual like technique you know well I
don't really do
like okay you did you do like vacuuming
oh yeah yeah okay vacuuming I like bike
if you actually do probably I like
cutting the grass cuz it's kind of like
vacuuming - no you do if I pick like a
heads hold cheoreom probably be testing
you like dusting we had the funny fluffy
duster no no I like I'm actually seeing
the toilets even though it's disgusting
I like it because I like it's a real
like it - really
you get satisfied afterward for its
because you can see it being cleaned you
know yeah friends yeah suppose like of
us
I like vacuum because yeah like an you
it's it you know you get an instant
gratification like you see the dirt the
dirt is gone I have achieved something
in my life and it's something peaceful
about when it's like long boring is well
like long mooring cutting the grass it's
like when annoys is going off like you
tend to just go like into your brain and
you just like go to sleep got it hmm
staging ways are like cutting the grass
or vacuuming yeah so leave me a call me
your favorite household chore cuz you
guys wondering why I was gonna put our
wheels on the car it's because of this
look there oh there were hubcaps that
someone's already stolen it on me his
neck crazy when he had it like one night
and someone's already stole the hubcap
so that's why I'm buying a light deal I
finally brought my stuff down just to
realize that Joe fist did the work she
come oh the watch those kids he's gonna
be pissed you see that and I just woke
up from a nap like well actually a while
back oh one buck a while ago but it's so
weird since like I'm um started the
second trimester I've being like so
happy like my energies being back like
100%
it's been great look I just feel like
myself today I have a headache though so
maybe that's why it was asleep but
anyways but yesterday I was really tired
so I took a nap and then today I did as
well but it's not the same kind of
tiredness it's not like the same like
fatigue as in this first trimester I
think it's just my body telling me like
you need to sleep yeah I just need to
sleep and it's all around the same time
well it's always around like for
three four five o'clock yeah like later
afternoon kind of thing which is weird
but anyways I'm going to be down so I'm
going to have a snack that's the good
thing about um looking sneak piss
tropical yogurt into a one um go through
these technically anyways so that's a
good thing of it
hello but being pregnant is that you are
supposed like they tell you you should
eat every three two to three hours for
me to say that every three hours
so that means lots of snacking and
healthy snot gaming since I thought so
Joe face is really upset about his we
all like them from part that they stop
somebody stole and I three bathrooms is
like it's just so me and if somebody
like you work really hard to get
something you know you work really hard
to have nice things and to get something
nice for yourself and it's just like
after so much time of like not having
nice things or whatever like saving open
that and working hard and then you go
and you get yourself something nice and
then somebody like has to kind of high
ran on your parade or just like that's
just an easy thing to do like I would
never do everything to do that but
obviously that people out there that do
so I feel really bad for him I know he's
upset like and it's it's so unfair
because I know how happy it's not like
his car is stolen you know it's not like
that big of a deal but it's just like an
old thing you know I know that if it
were something like if it were something
like that I had just bought and I feel
feeling they didn't think I was like if
I had bought something and maybe it had
like diamonds or crystals on it and like
the diamonds fell off or when the
crystals came off or something like that
you would be upset if it was like a
really expensive thing and or something
that you worked hard for and like saved
up for item I couldn't understand
nothing quietly like it looks fine I'm
guessing the reason why the person stole
about that hubcap thing is because um it
says BMW on it so it's like a brand
thing likes you see why would you do
that I don't know it's so stupid
so be nice to do office in my comment
Hep C deserves them because he's not
already having a fun time right now cuz
it's trying to get oh I've always the
right hours that he wants for the wheel
but I think he's just annoyed in general
so maybe my snack now before I die of
starvation not really and maybe I don't
not sure if we're going to go out
tonight
because it's Friday um yeah we'll see we
might go into the cinema because we're
looking to see if like there's anything
really nice on and I'm nice um good on
and it didn't look like there was that
much so we'll see if we can find
something I don't matter on a Ledge it's
supposed to be good but let me know if
you've seen that I also I broke it again
so bad it was actually getting okay it
was like clearing up when I was like
phew Thank You panko everything we have
like clear skin for one since pregnancy
and then this morning I got one there's
one here there was one here all over my
chin yeah loose and I would just dry
tend to do it so it's friend
I knew you were going back in that's
rock and roll so I can roll for you come
on Nina oh I'm on the Nina - Nina diet
you starve to death
whilst waiting for Ana that's the Nina
diet oh what a baby cause the baby the
papers hopefully the papers hopefully Oh
lovely I can tell whatever it kicks well
what what are you what what are you what
I'm telling them tell these guys yeah
let me tell them
Oh a theory guys I don't mind me Tony
pregnant person in the house
we don't know don't know like seeing
that tell me what Albie did tell me what
he did point in a place because did you
had a headache today I don't know why
but um basically Lucas knows okay can
you see that oh yeah in the camera okay
they're really big her nips have gotten
very very big and I don't know she's got
bigger I don't know so the other day I
love to see now I was conscious of my
than her little nips have gotten a bit
bigger and like more just like
protruding like more like hello I am a
female dog and I was like why
there's like no no she's just an adult
dog there she's just an adult like alone
she won in her fall just an adult um
female dog and that's what's happening
and stuff that I know um then we were
like well her last heat was like the end
of January beginning of it was like the
end of January
yeah yeah she didn't come into contact
with any other dogs
daddy dogs do come into contact with was
Alby but I'll be never really expressed
much interested in her know
so Kirby's time around it was more like
he was more interested in her than last
time because I think obviously they're
they're growing up like these Devas know
what to do
he doesn't yeah we didn't really think
Sonny what to do cuz he never did
anything right you're trying like hump
her head maybe one time that always sees
me right so um yeah so we don't know
like maybe one time when we were gone
something happened but isn't it too late
now like isn't it way too nine-week day
think don't Maltese get pregnant for
like six weeks mmm it's like a really
short space of time so it's already been
like what yeah yeah I gonna one hello I
remember my guinea pigs I know they're
the same but I had to an African guinea
pigs the real hairy ones and one of them
got pregnant the other one and then one
night I didn't even know but I just I
came home when I five guinea pigs
different would be my to meet your nips
thing and then my mom was talking to my
aunt who also had a dog who got pregnant
and everything like she read her dog
that house it should brighten it up yeah
and um they didn't even know she I think
hers she said nine weeks lows a bigger
dog I thought I had read somewhere maybe
wrong have no idea about this job I
think that Maltese are six weeks
pregnant
my name is um so she had a big like
Irish setter or something and um hers
was um pregnant
hers is pregnant and they didn't even
know they didn't know until like two
weeks before the puppies came out Oh No
so like I don't know I don't know did
Albion Cena make abhi Martin we had like
puppies and baby but I don't know her
little tell me like if you know anything
about Maltese or dogs is it because she
haven't been spayed yet like we were
gonna get her spayed but now I'm kind of
like well it's wait cuz let's see what
happens you know who might get puppies
and we're keeping them aren't we yes if
she has puppies debo I couldn't give a
puppy away I would never I could not so
we might be a family of like ten
there's nothing use me yeah might be
found me of like ten cuz you me I'll be
Sina and Koga and the maximum I think is
true so oh eight still a lot a lot of
people and puppies hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
