welcome to springtime we're gonna cook
the grass guys first grass cutting of
the year pretty exciting first guys
cutting who seemed to be living here to
remove all the toys though from the
garden now I'm sure there's more toys
than that look closely
cuz I don't really hear a big thump OH -
uncle uncle as I suck up all your toys
guys hmm we also hoping that the wrong
one is going to am the vacuum of all the
poo poos as well and they're kinda
roundabout way also it is raining like
crazy today
it's like range-topping million stopping
things that the random stuffing so I'm
hoping to get this done intermittently
between the rain then I'm gonna go and
test drive the car because they're
putting a tree density this morning he
said like come back like in the
afternoon so can you finish here I might
swing by and see if the car is back
bring it for a test drive
and if I like it or close the deal
alright guys would close the deal hmm
alright I didn't know this is a petrol
or plug in one turns out it's a plug in
right which is awesome because I have no
petrol just hit myself in the head
look how nice it is
yeah tonight's cut guys
that's good I like the sound of it
am i inspiring any of you guys thread
cut your grass right now
sound of a long order
nice stay here long
neuropsychological Aventador
nostalgic when you hear it you just take
a miracle child like you know
a bunch of friends in the summertime
with nothing to do bro eight years ago
the long war is going off we will be
cutting the grass no maybe comment if
you also feel nostalgic
nice look before and after before and
after I look so nice and smell of it so
nice and look that she did it suck up
all the pupils yes I thought it's gonna
have to go around afterwards
Xena the wind's blowing it closed hey
they're so confused because um we've
never had a house since having the two
dogs has their garden where I've cooked
the grass so so confused as to what's
going on what's happening what's going
on huh it's a crab cake I grew up my
parents s is actually am we quite a
large back garden so this is actually
pretty pretty small get pirates then
that's why the cable thing works fine
it's kind of annoying sometimes because
it like you know you want to go and like
get new Wayne has to be careful not to I
don't want a junker I was in my
grandfather's garden and here to plug in
one and I ran over the cord oopsies
they just like rip the cord up and that
was the end of that so now I know not to
do that yeah let's continue and press
and press
javis doneness nice that's a nice isn't
it that clean is all right oh oh look
shamrocks for st. Patrick's Day
oh now in sure to unplug the dell home
or before doing this part this is how
you lose your hands kids and their the
vlog I only had one hand now what I want
I suppose I would actually and then put
it in the compost II thing which you can
see isn't there
mmm-hmm depress you guys what's up
that's a fun part comes afterwards but
all the sweeping yeah if you want the
edges nice like that whereas all the
excess grass and because this morning
yeah it last rain and as you can see big
rain carrot underway so I was kind of
worried that I was like ah oh my god
what about like storms because I was
gonna do this in a train and it's
stopping in a train then it stopped and
everything then it stopped and it's
gonna rain again
I'm training this really quickly here
trying to get it done before the school
before the storm it's not the name of a
commenter commenter hello before just
one mm-hmm okay
this is quite a workout so I gotta run a
quick Aronian and under way back from
the Aronian I'm gonna see if the car is
back from the NCT I try to call him but
it was a no liam's no Liam's or just
rang out but I remember every time I
went there to him he always had a phone
like glue to his ear so I would say
oh goodness current front doesn't seem
to work in no problem that's okay I'm a
patient shop I'm a patient person
personally in place you're in so yeah
I'm gonna swing by and then have a test
drive it's healthy and sunny so I got
the glasses out and basically what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna drive around right
and I'm gonna like see how I like the
ladies look at me in the car you know
just like you know cruise down I might
put the stereo up the windows down
cruise down Patrick Street we just like
the main street is in a quark you know
and exceed what the ladies take and if I
get enough attention from the ladies
I'll take that car that's what it's all
about people
it's not about safety or Penn cold or a
new car it's about making the ladies
because the ladies love cheapest
oh my god ladies oh my god JJ JJ summer
is like actually feels like it's
summertime that is so awesome
summertime it's like smelly thing as I
cut in the grass I can smelled it off me
and then like you know I actually had
the windows down driving along with the
music on and I'm I'll be sad to see the
old car go I started go have you sad to
see escargot but I'm I'm ready to
embrace the new it because I always said
Anna you know we're always talking about
this and I always say like the process
of like life being a journey is really
important to me and I really enjoy it
like I got to I hit like a restart when
I was like 26 you know and I remember I
remember the Christmas of my 26th year
and I had like I'd moved to Cork I had
no friends had no money I was paying
like 250 euros a month rent in this like
tiny little room in a house share right
all I had with me the only thing I had
my possessions was my motorbike which
was a 1987 dev 700cc Honda right and
then I was working in Tesco and being a
baggage packer I know I was going to
college during the day and I remember
just like it was like really cold and I
was driving along I was in an accident
and the wheels like because I couldn't
afford to put like decent tires on the
biker and I got like in the car slid and
the car hit me and stuff like that you
know and like smash the front end in the
car you know I remember thinking like oh
my god like now I've lost the only thing
I own has just been broken you know I
remember sitting on the side of the road
and thinking like I have no one to call
like I have I'm completely on my own you
know and that's like such a scary place
to be and then like the following
Christmas like the Christmas coming up
to that you know was like rent December
so I remember being like sort of trap
pretty much because the house like I
have to get ahead like way outside the
city is gonna make them afford it and it
was like I was on my own in the everyone
else in the house had gone off to their
home for Christmas and stuff like that I
remember just sitting there on my own at
Christmas time I
had like no money for food I had like
nothing and I was just sitting on my own
and I remember the house next door
having like a Christmas party or
something I I could hear everyone there
and in a couple days there was New
Year's and I was just sitting there and
I remember just thinking myself like
this guy get any lower like he can't get
worse than this and from getting there
you know - you know I felt like I just I
just concentrated and I worked so hard
in college I absolutely spent 24 hours a
day seven days a week
making myself amazing and what I did
like cuz I had nothing to lose and
everything to gain and to get there and
then you know to spend an entire year we
pretty much no social contact in an
event she started to you know break
little social groups and make him
friends and stuff like that like and
then eventually meeting Anna and then
getting myself you know with Anna luck
which was amazing and then I managed to
you know meet some people and start
doing some web design and you know I
didn't really know what I was doing but
I was just anything I could like in an
adventure I got out of working in Tesco
and I was just doing web design which
was I have the cover to cost at college
on my rent and then you know from dad to
like you know moving to the UK and then
you know working again to try and cover
that and then like you know graduating
with like my my PA honours in
interactive media and just thinking like
oh my god like how did I get to here you
know and then obviously things didn't go
too well with London we didn't worry
there's it just didn't really work out
for me you know wasn't really that good
you know he cannot really the place is a
mess like well you know I graduated in
the middle of a recession the height of
a recession to graduate it's like the
worse I graduate you know and then
coming back to come back to Ireland you
know and like there was no there was
nothing there was no jobs there was
nothing like you know and I'm we've
never told anyone this you know but I
remember when we came back to Ireland
and like it was just so doom and gloom
and the money that we'd actually managed
to save while in college like we just
like how to live off that and eventually
we ran out of that and then we're like
okay what are we gonna do now and I
managed to get a job in Cork in that
studio so we decided we're gonna move to
Cork either at the same time might are
like look if I'm at my lowest low like
wanting to start is like when I start
you know that's what they did
was like tracking my lowest low all the
way up to here and people give people
give me a stick about YouTube and stuff
like that a lot being a real job and all
that but it's like if I wasn't doing
this if I didn't work 24 hours a day 7
days a week creating this and if you
guys didn't come on board and our story
wasn't interesting enough we would just
be unemployed and you know people say it
all the time like oh you guys are just
unemployed losers and stuff like that
it's like no we're not like we're
innovators entrepreneurs like we are we
are making something out of nothing like
this doesn't exist like I'm we just
managed to do something and create
ourselves and build ourselves up and now
you know we eventually bought this car
like it teach have it this is a zero
zero car and now we're playing like a
newer car and we live in like a much
better house and it's like each time
it's like step by step on us and I'm
like you know someday well someday we're
gonna like buy a new car and we're gonna
buy a house I'm not gonna have a house
and a car and we're gonna have a child
and and and it's gonna be like what
local we've managed to achieve uh
because from where I was to where I have
potential to be it's just and it's
outstanding for me and I know a lot of
you guys don't know where I came from or
what I had to do when I was younger but
to be here like you know I just
sometimes I cannot believe that I
managed to create this for myself I
managed to I don't know how I did it but
it just it means so much to me to have a
job that I love to have you guys I love
you guys so much like you've no idea
like and that's why like when people say
like mean stuff in the comments like it
doesn't matter because I don't care I
love you guys so much like you know you
guys have supported me and I liked me
and then guide me on Facebook and
followed me on Twitter and and just
basically supported me and allowed me to
pursue this I lungis dream I have of
just making something I just just you
know I just say just me I don't know
where this came from
but
it's gonna to share that I didn't even
know I wanted to share that I think
that's what happens sometimes storm is
gonna be saying next week to look at
though guys really
what kind of is it so anyone today
Anna was sitting at home and I called
her the iPhone and freeze up
oh my god
the phone is probably like you probably
don't recognize the ringer okay you like
I made it some funny ones it's a car
sales yeah yeah I know what to say good
no I wouldn't know what I'm coming with
Nick I'll just sit here and not design a
journey here we talking it was an
important conversation
I needed some information let's put our
password wrong I like this job no no no
come on eat that open we're gonna go
Anna we're all a lot funner by the
effing mother-effing hoping that you'll
drop in a piece of Apple please mom no
it's all going to panco gasps oh yeah
all right boy after that Ali is because
he's from Surrey London Oh his father
spoke quite decor about the gentlemen of
the Queen sevens
through his father today alby's it was
white satin looking white satin king
this man I think was Lily beau Bell Lily
beau Bell and white satin King his real
name oh yeah showed up me in this
Superboy Claude
Superboy icon if we have a report I'll
be in two cokes cuz he's red sure we
could actually show Alby he could be
like he could be grand supreme well no
not anymore
Holly Trinity I think by Tana we'd have
to call them Superboy Claude you
wouldn't be caught I'll be like you know
what's your pageant thing dear pageant
walk okay this is the beauty segment
next up is Cena nothing we got out we
can walk oh my god
that was so cool I'm the mini supreme
goes to see ya and now the cult amid
supreme for seven days into March guys
and I am still wearing shorts I'm never
wearing shorts again
sorry no chancers until October I'm all
shorts for token struts all the way
summertime oh my god
I failed I failed purposely yeah I know
and everything will be okay it's cloudy
with a chance of meatballs I don't know
it's getting worse oh my goodness okay
maybe we'll just go to the bridge come
back this is insane okay
Rhoda we just turn right now okay well I
think so
Oh Claire's outside the trees oh my
goodness look at that sky
it's getting worse it's getting so dark
sorry guys
you got the grass cut in the Sun no
that's good guys I just made a video
which I'm okay I just uploaded to my
second channel you can I put a link here
you can watch it if you want okay
wait for the link to go away any second
now if I remember to put in the
annotation it's probably gone away but
more importantly that video it's just
basically highlighting that you should
watch another video which I'll put a
link here okay and that link is gonna be
down in the description so you can go to
my other video if you want or you can
just bypass that and go ahead and watch
the other video the point of this video
is highlighting a list video because I
just watched the Kony video and Ciccone
video oh goodness
and it is oh my god I actually cried and
clapped when you know part of good
things happen and it is so emotional and
it is so incredible that these kind of
things are going on in the world and
what's even more amazing
is that as a community we actually have
the power to do something about it you
know we as a global community you know
we make this little show in Ireland but
most of you viewers are outside of
Ireland all around in the world like and
that's the power of the internet like
there is no borders there's no
boundaries there is nothing there's just
all of us together humans I am a
humanist I love the humans and when I
hear about horrible atrocities Abunda
humans I think I wish there was
something I could do about it and all
our ask you to do here is raise
awareness create make this guy known
because the problem is that people don't
know that this guy is doing these
horrible things and without the
attention of the world like recently
we've seen the power of the internet
communicating we have we have seen
governments being overthrown we have
seen policies and laws changed around
the world like people uniting is more
powerful than any army in the world and
when you think about the struggle that
you know Ireland or other countries are
in at the moment with the economic of
gloom and doom I go a sleep at night and
I don't worry that someone is going to
murder me rape me and kidnap me or my
family I know that that's not going to
happen but we might have different
worries and when you are hireling when
you're looking at these people who every
single day have that kind of worry and
hurt and fear neuralyzed
I feel like I want to do something about
that I have a voice you know I don't
have a big voice but you know I have
like 29 subscribers or something and I
feel like I'm just feeling at least I
could do something you know it's not the
biggest thing in the world but at least
it's it's doing my part now it's your
turn to do your part hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
ah
