no no no but the way Nene's commuted
today yeah I think so
we could organize that yeah I think he
can organize that I'm just be nice when
I camera goes up oh oh yeah we start
that ad you got a hook it up hook it up
never too busy to be beautiful beautiful
I get up one time oh we won't turn that
over we made that mistake already right
let's hook this up let's send this on
he's going to Ireland right yes it'll
probably be there tomorrow it's the
bottom dollar what does that mean
tomorrow fee is now okay let's get our
stuff together because we were going to
look at the car where the car won and
look at yesterday factor was off gave
the car to his son obviously because
it's the Kudus awesome his car and he
was like I'm gonna steal a car from you
I'm sorry I'm sorry
and you guys want to buy my car just a
quick question
I can't ship it block sale pretty car
I'll from a ot spot 1.8 or is it gtatyr
GTA 5 no idea it's it's a car you took
me we should like I've seen
pretty excited to see this car guys so
do you guys like our new M I've actually
move that pink it's a motorist you guys
like our new setup with the old camera
that was so difficult to get a slide
every day you have to pump it Pump It
that's the kinda that's the kind of
thing we do for you guys let's never get
rid of this car oh wait let's buy a new
car we'll bring we'll bring the thing in
with us we're gonna see the car no I say
like no cuz yeah we managed to figure
out a way to get it from the windscreen
back against the thing as scusi scusi
I hate this ladder it's kind of hard to
go see a car in the rain but I would say
Joan if those do because the car were
looking at is black mhm
shiny and black and little bits of
silver like black cars
how'd you like that car no you said to
me that cuz I was your like what's your
favorite color I was like black my
favorite is blue dark blue or I love
what Postman Pat Postman Pat enough
black and white I know he had a red car
Biddy I would I don't know a car was a
bad host I don't think I'd ever buy a a
red eye red van or a car or vehicle
never buy a red I am in the right lane
it's a doubler Lane it's a double rain
it's a doubler Lane take it from me take
it you know what an indicator little but
I've lived here all my life that's not
true that's a lie I got two lies in the
space of one minute I was seven I'm
using the the tumble dryer the
dishwasher to dry out my bum bum because
when we were looking at the car they
were violating it so they're actually
shampooing the seats and and I decided
to it was like and I was like I have
made a vital mistake and then I got out
of like God
the car is oh my goodness I think that's
it I think that's the one nice oh I
think we've decided we have decisions we
have made decisions so um yeah you know
tomorrow it's um I need some strong
negotiations we're gonna go back
tomorrow because they're put into an
entity does morrow morning so that's got
like a fresh two-year entity in it so
i'm yeah and be excited I'm excited and
boom is wet though well it's kind of dry
it a little bit now let's walk her out
with a wet bubble so we decided to go
back to be bees because it's a safe one
and because they give much better value
on Christmas Germany crisp like a Sno
guys let me just tell you what boobies
gave me okay it's you that's you know
weird romantic tour else is funny you
know the song's advertising claims we
are making
have been designing looks like Formica
vegetarian
for the
No
hmm I'm not a fan of egg salad I got the
chicken Shibata peppers supreme says I
won the mini supreme and I won the
ultimate supreme that's with it
those look for a new one
Oh Anna look at this one it's for a
newborn you probably can't get one
probably in Xena could you imagine in
bring it into the labor ward like in
there like what's the first thing you
want addressed him in I'm bringing vited
like just just put this on him please
oh it's wandering I was like that looks
a bit silly okay what kind of
Corrections on any real sunglasses these
are nice but I don't probably won't flip
my hair back blow down as hard as you
can
take it that's not the reason mmm you
know it's the Paris on us
whoa that's really up market stuff guys
it's a real special mom really he's kind
of cute 350 okay now one no we come to
the thing inside the thing this is all
Mother's Day stuff which we haven't
actually seen the comments yet so we
don't know if you are jus a Mother's Day
gift oh look you can get a little chair
for you Hank you know I can have a
little chair behind you behind well like
you know beside you when she's doing her
videos well he'll be playing PlayStation
I mean obviously look at that just
sitting right there you said you weren't
interested actually as far as I remember
where Marky
oh that's weird
no it's best to be honest whoa that's a
big clock I'd have to actually think
about what time it is I don't know about
to even read that which way does it go I
don't like the what about a massive
digital clock or like a person that just
tells you the time you know right that
phone number that you dialed after tone
it will be 502 no it's what I want to
get one of these for the bed you put
like the two and then you have fought in
the middle a divider like to keep keep
us to keep us apart no oh we already
have yeah it seems like wouldn't be
waste he's like another thing to trow
off to bed at night nice
rice corn corn fest
since I did garlic and put her under
fill' it's not Kiev's no no garlic gonna
hurt you no garlic and herb finish
nothing about Kiev's where'd you get
Kiev from no it's not keV meat-free made
it was blah blah crunchy garlic and her
mm-hmm yeah yeah there's nothing any
inside yeah totes try to another
coordinate actually no
when you get the the avila peas and I
love corn corn fest envelope II is going
into their box and Ville Opie is going
that it fit it's done done zo it's on
its way to you you know it's funny but
it's not sent it oh yeah you had a
friend senator but isn't it funny
because that's going to go away by the
time this video goes live that might
even be that yeah I hope so cuz it's not
before for yeah wasn't he yes exactly
power yeah thank you hard huh so they'll
go to sorting office now tomorrow
morning bang that up to go away guys
wanna see something really cute oh look
at him he always goes there with all the
other pillows and kind of matches in
with you too you know one here look oh
yeah little cutie pie huh yeah oh really
why but it's so cute he's like in the
middle of them are like he climbs up
them 1840 yogurt go the yogurts my
cousin yogurt can I eat the current when
you're finished
oh geez thinks what she prefers the
apples oh you thought you had a gold
mine just went crazy and then Jesus
token Hermes was like yeah little bit to
the core yeah yeah yeah yeah nice wood
you got an actual chunk of Apple mm-hmm
right jack
yeah but idea keeps the better way
now let's make a cup of tea so Jonas
thought I could do this because I'm
freezing come one like half an hour
anyways woohoo I was sick eating by the
way if you didn't already know
laundry hurry yourself up I did laundry
today because I found like the stupidest
load ever it was like really small but
I'm gonna go baby the babies
oh look at me on much mismatched one
much mismatched socks anyway so yeah I
did the stupidest load ever today
because I needed to wash something that
I needed for my video tomorrow my
fashion video my lookbook and yeah so I
washed like I had to put on a load
because I couldn't just watch a woman
thing but I wanted to like justify it so
I like was totally just watching things
from a psycho
it's like good so I watched all the
towels and everything so yeah that's my
exciting update for J so I'm making
dinner let's see okay so we're gonna
make some sausages and yes some saucy oh
my god that looks so good I'm gonna do
them with some maybe some potatoes or
something I thought it's no potatoes in
sight red onions parsnips and carrots
nope
okay I'm gonna do that in the oven and
I'm gonna juice Cena Cena why I don't
trust her when was the last time she
went out anyways so I'm gonna make that
now I also need to make potatoes and I
have a confession to make
first of all I don't really like Cheetos
not much but forgive me I don't know
like I know it's supposed to be easy I
really don't know how oh let me never
really learn because it's like one of my
least favorite fires I am NOT a potato
person so I got the easiest ones to cook
which are these mini potatoes
so I'm gonna probably just trap some of
them up and roast them with that and
maybe some yeah but yeah we're having
sauce we're having corn sauce cheese
tessa cheese sauce cheese and we're
doing sauce cheese and sausages and i
guess i'm gonna do the memo do
everything together and hopefully it'll
all be ready soon well that was super
easy cuz everything is in the oven and
it's all cooking together so yeah those
aren't easy oh my god it smells so good
you guys should seriously check it the
it's green isle simple tag green isle
but it's not like maple syrup and
everything on that looks so good so
chicken him i'll tell you guys what it
tastes like after it's done let me just
pull down the blinds cuz otherwise it's
kind of freaky outside when people can
see in you know hey Cena go figure
that's right
it would make mommy really happy come on
come on
look at her she doesn't want to go out
because it's raining go peepees and go
peepees no okay
how did you catch me nuts I was eating
biscuits guys and I was shocked by my
crumbs cut they gave my chrome dude tiny
is priming oh my goodness let's do it
take it out would you make this what
have you made us no turn away
get rid of her next year if she jumps in
for fun when zo oh my god what have you
done what's this one why is it a
different part this is you a one parsnip
moisturize to the person's oh oh geez
chopped potatoes up mm-hmm
we'll get a hint of garlic in the ground
these are garlic
this looks pretty darn tasty you're the
best wife in the world and you're gonna
be the best mommy in the world I'm gonna
be the best daddy in the world daddy
what you like some bacon the piano was
like what you're like you know he's got
all the meat hanging damn oh yeah what
was the tongue ah
he's like what you always like get a job
and all I can apply is how he's like I
need to eat sandwiches why do using meat
and writing and driving the cartoons say
you love me see your love hey guys
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
