quite the situation folks how are you
doing in here you either grow or don't
be there at all it's like you want
together
look look like it's happening yeah look
at this like seriously what the hell I
need yeah because I found something that
works before you didn't or I got to hell
no like deep v-neck so I there's like
boobs here and then it just looked like
this huge muffin top like it was so it
was so gross
cuz I like not big enough to know that
you're pregnant
yeah looks like someone's let themselves
go and look at the range of the bed yeah
it has a bit you can see that slicked up
here it Sears me it'll keep anything no
guys we were thinking of an because
we're and it was like sometimes are
addictive and we're thinking there's a
private place we get sonograms in court
and it's like a private and medical
center but it's like it's like nearly
200 euros but then I was like is that
worth 200 euros to go do it you know
it's like I just want to see it again
you know make sure she's she or he is
okay but then if we went and did die
because we're at we're at 14 weeks today
guys whoa 14 weeks huh I mean I'm happy
about my parents does it I'm happy that
I'm still growing
yeah if it wasn't put on any weight you
are concerned but no I'm happy in my
pants like at least my legs haven't
expanded Thank You gene
oh yeah that's good because obviously
then I would leave you obviously for a
younger skinnier girl younger you're
gonna be a pedophile
that's it right now you know what's a
girl eatin would she looks she's lookin
good oh is that because your armpit
smells so bad that is actually devoted
and weight the material darude this
effect and now it doesn't match I have
to pick up new one so we're about 40
minutes behind schedule and you haven't
even made the video yes
oh no it's gonna be one of those kind of
days guys yeah it's just it's like
rammed in a bit like it's gone I can see
where it was like flat and then a bunch
so be so hilly though when it goes like
boobs belly my hips you should wear a
t-shirt I'm pregnant
don't judge me I'm pregnant no oh right
that's it there you go bye
you're just as bad look at you you just
stayed in there and he just likes it be
nice to me from now on okay now on like
Xena two weeks and a haircut guys I know
know what the world has gone out of
focus
quick question right leave a comment
below of the price of petrol where you
are because
we started having this conversation this
morning and it has gone oh my goodness
goes on further now doesn't it yeah yeah
it went on for quite some time waiting
transect the wound we're proud of it
because we're talking about because I
take this week we're probably going to
buy a car you know and I'm actually
sorry it's so difficult you know trying
to decide walk hard to buy you know but
I think we might look for a diesel car
because petrol seems to be like
spiraling out of control like I was
saying like I pay 1 1 year of 61 sent
yesterday at the pump less per liter so
I normally put like 50 euros in the car
because most most in our and most of the
pumps that are prepaid so I'm always
afraid of like like let's say you're
like I don't know what does that Y alpha
is at 1.8 litre car so I might think
about 65 7 euros to fill it so you're
always afraid though there might be like
I don't know 20 earth were a petrol left
in it when you go to fill it then you're
like what if you prepay 50 and then you
know I mean it fills up what you've
already prepaid you're like what are you
gonna drink it or give it to your
neighbor dude I got some want something
I got some left on that you know you're
not I always just doing like 50s oh it's
just like pull in 50 50 50 50 50 50 50
50 my 50 cent or 50 euro every 50 yard
and 50 cent well I am wait what do you
guys what you do good you ever do
anywhere else do that or is it just me
my mind is like a weirdo but I think
we're gonna get a diesel because the
price of mattress needs to be going up
and diesel seem to be although petrol
these are the same at the moment oh but
I don't know these I think these are
more economic cool economical economical
right economical what would you say iko
iko iko iko iko economical this is the
same thing but like the way different
people say things or something I don't
know so hard though oh do i what to get
you know is he moderately new you know
someone suggested the Bugatti Veyron
which is nice it's just I was on you
know the second-hand websites looking
for a Bugatti
doesn't seem to be any which is
ridiculous because like what am I want
to get up a got eBay wrong you know and
then I was like oh maybe I'll just get
like a Ford or a helicopter the droves
of space you don't worry about traffic
but then it's quite heavy on petrol you
know what's the time so I got a
helicopter leave me comment if you own a
helicopter and not a plastic toy and
remote control like an actual official
helicopter amazing anyone anyone who
watch our videos own a helicopter really
really we are going to bye guys and a
sign to stick on ours front door it says
do not put junk mail through my door
because we have it narrowed and up
because we have the P o box right nearly
everything we own and everything we have
is registered to our mailbox and nothing
is registered to the house because well
what's the point like you know and run
right to you now and we move random it's
there's no point plus I hate getting
mail that's irrelevant but the amount of
junk mail we received this property ads
and then this newspaper like I thought
like you know mean we're in the middle
of like a recession and everyone started
like save millions of why do you keep
sending me a newspaper every day that I
don't want to newspapers actually isn't
there two different types of ones it's
so stupid like we get to
exactly you know and the phone books and
some line item what are you sending
phone books your phone book should be an
opt-in system they should not send phone
books everybody in it so she'd be so
pretentious all that kind of stuff like
no but more so the phone book and
newspapers because the newspapers of
pre-winter that's right it's obviously
subsidized by the government and the
phone books itself are probably chose
sides away from paper exactly it really
is I actually like terrible every time
I'm like I'm not reading this I just
throw it into the bin there's like the
other doing herself like they're their
brochures and leaflets for restaurants
and takeaways and so that's obviously on
damn that's costing that money but it's
like stuff so it's because we get it so
much and it's very dare you like take
away
or whatever
a brochure would you like to see the
brochure madam
it's just ridiculous getting out of
control so we decide we're gonna try and
buy and Kolkata so I wanna know cold
colors no junk mail
no one's solicited improves no contact
no doorbell no walking path leave me
alone those people I live off the
mountains you know
hand off my property here we go
super store of cars pick a car Nina pick
one
no me neither that's a that's a that's
of interesting I look there's a golf
well so nice I don't I don't same car
like yeah that's kind of unfun this is
the one here we're gonna get guys uh
yeah looks nice what is it in the back
waiting guys when you look good in it
yeah we're like hanging out with the
Kardashians
you know it's so hot and so I it's so
big I know you can live in there back
maybe this one is different but the
other ones I thought it's just a screen
it's not like a seat oh you mean this
thing here like been you know it's like
a No
oh hey that means hot exactly executive
it does not but it should so we're
getting some lunch II punish so we kind
of care although there is something
really good that the guy is gonna see
tomorrow because he was like actually my
son has that car at the moment because
it's totally awesome so we weren't gonna
go to be bees as we normally do but no
no and the advertiser it's false
advertising I refused to promote false
advertising so we're gonna go to they
let me off $0.10 which is awesome
because they never take cards in these
places and there's roughly a person
change and then all the piggy banks
changed because I don't have a habit now
putting two-year-old coins and Johanna
Cena told me last night he did she talk
so thanks Cena lunches on Cena
see this bag of money so the began to be
randomized am I going to get crisps with
my son
it's binary O'Brian's have this court
it's a review really they better pay
better or this would be one unsatisfied
customer I got crisps which is the
Glinda one as we can see here I got five
crisps but if I had yours together 5.5
makes ten so I suppose if you bring
someone else - all right
and share Christmas and I supposed to
get in quick Clark sectional Christmas
tasty
yeah I was tricked I was tricked thank
you here I know how we ended up here
I don't know how we got from making a
cars to having lunch to being surrounded
by makeup
what's this tattoos for your nails give
me a comment if you put tattoos in the
middle swear look French glam the jostle
your nails but I wouldn't numbers does
anyone actually remember their actual
numbers though oh I think the 822 would
go really well it would complement it to
80 nice that's why we have the rope and
so you have the rope
oh gosh is that the effect I'm making
supposed to have when you wear it's like
oh gosh testers
I think testers are disgusting anytime I
just think that time is best thing like
it's so dirty thing okay we're just
walking around in circles now but
actually like progressing in our lives
we're just wandering up and then to make
a vile little plainy
my joke is only a big
get on the train you know you should get
on the fender pain BB Creams
what do they do on top of your makeup
like a matte finish the primer like
original like skin what I thought
everyone's gotten fake time so what have
you put bacon on and then B so never
wants to be whiter BB cream bearskin
beautifier laughs maybe we should find
out when we go to Sorrento just in case
you get a tan she just sort of you know
strive strive off the time no I don't
himself Anna does not define as Mother's
Day this year do you use your pregnant
leave me a comment and let me know
should be should I get something for
Mother's Day this year or does it start
next year
because it seems to me that it would
start next year
what is this is there multiple boxes
there what would you do with the fluffy
box thing
what are you going where are you going
no no no picture babe
Oh like a corkboard but like well out
last Ponk Olga I'll say it depends 60
well we'll see we'll see what the
achievement that would be watch madmen
each were in season one where they got a
chip a dip and then he went right to
bring the chip in the back yeah it was a
defendant she went mental because he
changed and he bought a four do you buy
a shotgun or something wasn't it yeah
just go ahead and say no I'm scared of
helicopters okay helicopter no no dog is
real Maltese no it's usually like
farmyard animals dogs horses a cute
goodness it doesn't just kind of scary
I can make an finally for your final and
make little story that just that sparkly
sparkly she's but I don't enough Peter
on my hands I don't understand how this
is making an album though yeah okay well
actually we're getting the four album
anyway paper how are you working with
them the pictures but then you just need
like an empty take paper
huh crazy orange lady and just fill this
up with oranges
it's amount of orange peels I found last
night in the kitchen and in every other
room and just like a trail of orange
peels behind you pile them on keep them
coming
duplicate yeah no wait second to
retrieve anything I don't like them Oh
give me something tasty country slice
country place nice nice that's what I
like fences are never an offer they're
not sliced if it ain't around operate
slice fancies are never ever an offer
kick no yeah is he there eight now
fancies will never be an offer because
they too fancy so need to be on offer
found a bluebird in custard pies oh they
were good I don't think they're part oh
they're trifle Cake Boss
oh they were nice
let's see hmm New York you know you
already got them he can't like get them
again there's all the six-pack ranges
mmm what if I take out two of the French
fancies and leave them behind
wouldn't that make it a six-pack then
what bookies makes for a better labor it
is supposed to help you at your fitter
your Labor's easier so when you're like
on the nine-month mark ii we run along
here right maybe the baby will just pop
out ah conceived on the walkies even I
can seem boring what's the word for born
born oh there's a special word I thought
I'd be like a special word or something
come on Tommy
slowpoke
come on mm-hmm all the fresh cut grass
it's some nice little the smell of
fresh-cut grass
we're just saying do you guys know if
when you're pregnant do you get hay
fever because I hear stuff for you not
right now you have a fever from the hey
don't touch me with that hey yeah but
it's your vision what's coming this way
it's awfully chilly yeah one time guys
buddy nice doggy see you is gone by
seeing that we used to live up there Oh
who's that yeah you guys are he sees you
I know it's a small region he's so cute
hmm got a little twig there with you
oh no yeah give me that give me alby's
gonna get in trouble
ice-cream man it's the ice cream man
Abby honey honey no no no we don't rub
ourselves on poo-poos they're bomb
Cristobal
mrs. Roy throw it she said go hmm you
gonna into my yet oh it's okay it's so
cool no figure the more everything
don't do it Gina for heaters and it's
not chicken it's the stuff that we have
instead of chicky a nose instead of
sticking our nose
okay Albie it's cold
mmm poor Albie
he's got the sniffles or something it's
like when he gets too excited
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
