we're having a chat the other day about
you know raising a little pan Koga Razin
Razin flower our child is a reason not a
song China a reason and we're talking
about like you know would you raise your
child in Ireland you know and like we're
all like this sort of international doom
and gloom of global economical
situations define liar and robber you
know it's kind of like you know do you
want your kid to be all like caught up
in there and where are the recession
baby's gonna be you know it's like and
then we just start thinking about like
you know what what what does Ireland
mean to us like you know and you know
why did we decide like you know we were
at that corner corner point when we were
like living in London and then we came
back here and we're like let's have a
baby and I was like you know do we go to
you asked like you know do we go to the
UK like you know do we go and raise our
child in Ireland and it was like what
are the defining factors that make us
want to raise the child here one of the
obvious factors living in Ireland is the
excitement and trill of understanding
what the weather's going to be like so
we come out in a slowly walk and it
starts to last rain that's the fun and
excitement I want my children to enjoy
oh my goodness it's actually like
laughing right now
do we give up where did we go back we
can go back and wait in the car and see
thank you oh no oh my goodness what the
frack might stop might stop and it
stopped raining again know em when I
think about you know our little baby
like growing up and you know in there in
the recession or not and so the one
thing about Ireland which I really like
about it it's that you know I remember
when the recession started you know
things were downing and I lost my job
and everything like that and I had lost
everything and I you know from nothing
to going back to college to obviously I
went across to the UK to do
but then like to go in to get educated
to come back here and to sort of rebuild
your life again and to become a success
and that's what I think Ireland is like
when I think of it I think if it like
the underdog of the world like the
little country that we'd like the
smallest population count is like
expenditure and everything but it's like
the can-do attitude you know it's like
we can do it we can survive we can
overcome and we are overcoming as people
in society and that's kind of like when
I think about honest what I always think
about in them I think they're the values
so I'd like to instill in my child you
know not to sort of like living in
living somewhere where everything's set
out somewhere where everything's like
done for you it's like they have the
opportunity to create whatever you want
and I think this is like a land of
opportunity like I think you can in
Ireland you know you have you come up
with a good enough idea if you work hard
enough because it's small yeah it's
small enough that you have opportunity
and it's not you're not lost in the
billions of population there's only yeah
there's only four million of us here you
know I know and it seems like a lot but
it's not as many as you think you know
and then obviously all around the world
you know having an Irish passport being
Irish no matter what country you go to
where you go people are going to be like
paddy you know people like that you know
and people watching the vlogs get my
humor and some people obviously they
don't get it all the time but I'm always
in high spirit and good because I think
that's part of my upbringing with my
parents and I think when Pan cocoa grows
up like I want our child to have that
you know come out beautiful what a
beautiful sunny day honey let's go for a
walk in this beautiful sunny day bipolar
weather it was this morning you're like
oh okay so nice breeze dogs as well hum
I got the lead it was Hill stoning and
we all saw that you went back upstairs
turned down a bit of Minecraft Sun came
out oh quickly and leave the Senators
hailstones
where's the XenApp she has a sort of I
think I think I'm going to jump off the
edge go for this one - we're done
no she hasn't I always get scared okay
only has one eye
yeah he's gentle perception is Tara
never white that's the other awesome
thing about Ireland free hats pretty
hats for everyone is it so free hat a
free hat
yeah different into a pony boy I got it
but it's too high up yeah cut again
alright so fresh you cook from the last
time yeah okay why what's to always roll
in the grass George one good thing about
the rain eNOS we have the park to
ourselves
it's not wet oh look it's just kind of
like Italians grouchy just little flicky
yeah yeah suddenly run day oh no come on
mom come on you two you I'm Punk Olga
Mitch Jane a cup of tea time for midday
cup of tea pitch day
cup of tea time for midday cup of tea
would you like to share a taste a cup of
tea with Joe of us would you like to
share a taste a cup of tea which office
how about a little caramel digestive
biscuits they're perfect for a tea break
perfect for a tea break how would you
like a little
little cheat how would you like a little
chickies you got your hair wash today he
was here what's your name hmm look how
fluffy he is listen did you hear the
rustling look at her too shampoo
conditioner and blow-dried oh yeah oh
you're so fluffy isn't flip enough focus
you guys could smell them right now
misfit by Channel 4 show kids with the
superpowers
he's just scruffy bytes subscribers
video get yourself treat do it now what
is it that I smell it is something
amazing it must be a take away you know
did you gonna take away again
it smells amazing No Oh spaghetti no you
know you don't go and make that noise
spaghetti bolognese spaghetti bolognaise
do you call it spagbol or spaghetti
bolognese Barney let's see that it's a
bleep big bag boss bag ball by balloon
you see spagbol or you say spaghetti
bolognaise you do not where you can
adjust weight around a rock are they on
this fiddly look who's here them I'm
give us something
give someone guys where's mommy where's
mommy god where's mommy good guys
where's mom who's mom guys miss mommy
where's mommy please mom where's mommy
Chris mom huh yes ma'am
okay so where's mommy going yes mom
today's on a - he said he said where's
mommy
it's mom why she right now go get mommy
where's mommy
Oh Richie Richie huh good mommy where's
mommy
where's mommy oh you found mom real
found mom you found her it's crazy
jump that you like come on let's go
let's all go on a midnight and not them
no no sorry
back leg Oh Xena yeah
you're gonna have so much fun in panco
girl grows up my cold is gonna be
playing you all the time what's going on
here albatross at ease sorry about my
would be smelling funky when they got
washed they got shampoo they got
blow-dried and got it all okay smear on
it was hot and then it was really cold
and then it got warm again and now it's
like frozen cold again
what for about a minute only the second
that was when the heating came on my
life oh we need some undies it's all for
the sake of the munchies nice so for the
sake of the monkey Dan should have gone
to Specsavers it's a shop you can open
yeah who's just know it seems kind of
empty
let's walk across the grass for good
luck I don't know it seems like a good
luck thing to me
Davina's out
oh my god a granular today I had a Led
Zeppelin song in my head well actually a
page of planned song oh man it's like I
haven't heard that since like about 20
years we cannot believe I just walked in
here actually playing it it's so mental
the last time was in here to play
Nirvana comes again let me comment if
you like Nirvana Chuck did you like
Nirvana what I was such a rocker and
then when she liked a cure head stage
for a while I had like shake here on the
foot and then like really long hair that
was all like
it's a cork lay in the party scene it's
an old song I actually strike him down
it lets you get showered showers
now she's called crazy incites crazy
chorus Coors Light is braver each one is
different
shower gel
wow you guys dropped in there what's the
next one
anticipation
we're all waiting shampoo what's that
one they probably we're putting together
the thing and they made a mistake and
all the flavors mixed up and then they
talked like like randoms you know you're
like let's just call them crazies thumbs
up people want some crazies so which
person I get I get him
which is my pal mom mm-hmm well flavor
was the flavor situation talk is true I
think they're all different
I mean even though they're the same
colors they're different yeah yeah I'll
try red one
oh gosh our shower
Wow was I'm gonna cherish that one
shower gel oh hey red one
take the red pill and remain or I was
gonna take the red pill I mean go down
the tunnel or something it's a matrix
quote mm hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
