morning I get high when 804 meters good
morning again my little friend
whispers hello les yeah
- hello Eduardo Oh today's visit a
friend because we are doing a photo
shoot and you're shooting with the
photos for did you mean you're bringing
in a vocalist yet why does everyone know
we're bringing edible ads in about two
months I think it's the 19th of October
get excited and then it's gonna be
booked torn I'm gonna get to meet you
all
like all Israel by the way for everyone
that buys a friendliest friends Ciccone
Jory's and a great cat nap book they
will be getting themselves amnesia and a
hug don't hold me to that but I'm going
to try my best I appreciate your support
yeah and we're going to try and see
don't know if this possible we're going
to try and see if we can get every way
to come on the bus tour it's going to be
exciting over on Twitter day today I
think I told talk to you guys about the
dates I think we're going to I think I
think I I don't think I know there's
going to be if the communities meet and
greet in Scotland in Wales in England in
other England places in Ireland oh I'm
trying to see if I can work at that we
can do Jordan Arnold public varlyn Wales
Scotland and House England the middle
bish job rapid calls just to go okay and
then hopefully European tour and then
hopefully an American tour and then a
Pacific tour and an Asian tour and then
a moon tour or a meter a moon tour you
don't move for me meet want me to
teacher an Irish baby they get excited
guys please our please support us and
get the book anyway oh my talking about
it's represented you can pre-order lunch
so today we've got apps talk for comment
at the back of the book we're doing this
little sort of them well on the back of
the covers above is going to be a nice
photograph of the family because we G
and then there's going to be like other
pictures and stuff we're not in the book
but the book is obviously an
illustration takes basically cartoons
according to others if you like
signatories you're going to enjoy the
book it's cartoon to enjoy and then
hopefully one day lads someone decides
the buyers and turn it into a real
cartoon resna on TV you watch enjoys to
watch cartoons no Johnny or do you watch
like quickly say are you mommy
oh oh hello mommy it's a bedtime
Jonathan we also need to fill on the
final bids for this Sunday's appendix
right video and then while you're
watching this it will be uploaded on
Sundays it's already on a channel and
it's super amazing this week Anna get
all the sinning so we did a song where
Anna Stein I admitted raps and all of
the family are in it and it's all about
alessia's adventure uh-huh so please
check that out No thank you down below
what do you think a little bit in here
for you to watch check it out so
operation dress the kids is underway
immediate dressed I look cold
however she has a cold but I'm going to
stop now yeah I don't want to I don't
need to get draggy I have a dry wash
okay you can wear short you can wear
short and your new shirt okay okay
so you yeah they're rolled up sleeves
their short I promise I'm cool you can
wear your shorts if you really want to
okay okay
one cool that's ordered right Jonathan
this is the baby's outfit but I think
maybe I should wait to change her into
it until we're ready to shoot
No
I know hi this is like I'm hungry come
to mummy
they are short sleeves we're not putting
me in Wornall doesn't like me ah I'm
gonna give you cheese okay listen look
at this handsome boy he doesn't believe
it but he is Monique ransom I kind of
didn't want those bottom but
the compliment again my room get out of
my room
get out of my room yeah my room get out
of my room
oh boy get a Dipity can get D cos I give
it is how did it happen
clippity-clop clippity-clop
clippity-clop clippity-clop
can you do it Amelia alright Kanika clop
clippety clop clippety clop clippety
clop
oh can you bunk out a clippity-clop
clippity-clop I guess it is closed you
look a little I don't know damn one skin
serum when you help if you do go munch
in this is what picture comes up you
little monkey keep you talk Winston hey
guys I wouldn't say we're sorta grass
here right here you recognize him from
Eduardo's birthday party immediate work
a party whole bunch right here
yeah and it's reading the book alright
you might see this picture if you buy
the book look after this picture see her
yes can we read it
honky Nakata dies you want do you no no
it's okay so case code alright so Amelia
look preoccupy
after dinner she had her fast we've got
eleven tomorrow but we didn't run it
here he killed your room is destroyed oh
my goodness
so cute oh they're so cute
the book is a finish by the way we're
doing this today it's a book and
actually getting printed on Monday
hopefully I get to go visit the factory
when actually printing or something like
that we can actually see the process
smell you always see people who are
bringing our books they always be right
at the heart I want the hard hat into
viz that package where I go there and I
smell it and they actually get to see
across the line I can be saying others
and this might be something that's not
possible
but everybody cool ok turn to a
photograph of all the kids and dogs for
the same time similar is this one or
that one we're going to have to take I
know you do but you also know them in my
ad okay so toys okay let's just give me
can can can yes man can put TM over here
you want a whole wide oh oh just talk to
her say cheese this way this way look at
mommy slit yeah oh no we lost the dogs
for the biggest my biggest Smarties
that's really nice sigh here's your hat
oh well done seal well done everybody
fish you want to stay in is over hello
alright now that the photo shoot is over
it's time to put the finishing little
touches on - Oh auntie di the video for
tomorrow but guys it's amazing it's a
security very original we've got a
nursing hands
and million Eduardo and Alessia
everybody's in it to win it
okay I got to get my little bit what's
the words of the song again
I can never remember q4 rumoured words
talent of arrives on sesh the real
challenge here now for this week's video
will get a hundred times more views
actually a hundred times wouldn't be
like a million more of you is no but I
got that you know what do people love
eyes already super-sized is not what do
you do not do that okay if you guys go
over and watch this video and give it
alright tell you what this video if this
music video gets the most amount of
views will do more videos banana and the
lettuce and will become like a traveling
superstar okay we ran out of time but
I'm skipping between two more guys it's
just you can't even see me cuz like cat
let this go dancing baby baby she's
gonna drive you crazy crazy dude who dis
could dance she's doing her baby trance
so I am rendering out there is a just
composited Anna's little scenes there
and I'm just rendering out DM the plate
that we're going to put on a in in the
treaty world is that record the audio by
DW I use this little fella here and
let's say we recorded disco dance and
David baby she's gonna jump me crazy
crazy - no disco dance she's moving like
that well actually that's another that's
where I am
please let's check it out and okay be
really nice and leave loads another
comment and leave loads know the views
how do you leave a few I'm only sure but
it was really fun working with Anna on
this and I know that she probably feels
like Oh everyone's gonna hate a party
she's a lovely little singer huh when I
just thought me like a family thing Oh
like the new Von Trapps
discontentedly will I did a modern-day
Von Trapp soldier is Christmas single
coming soon maybe maybe this goes out
the jacksons wise well now we're talking
know which one I like
probably dad no you're the deadness who
are you gonna be you're gonna be M Janet
you gonna be Janet mmm you ain't gettin
back to work because guys it's 5 o'clock
and this videos you have a 2 o'clock
tomorrow and I'm still sitting here
rendering rendering coming never link
organization of the nationality
discordant music in the Bible with the
Yankee Navy people put the plank maybe
it should burst out laughing for me
today we're restaurateurs yeah she did
never overall look at this people but
the beginning be both with the neck
maybe you like maybe that's our language
boy that's baby language yeah you know
Thank You Zack wait a second you go out
too far dad what is it blink nearly
people put even thinkin maybe give me
chicken nuggets and solder them in gravy
what happened 80 the booby - ain't no
joke slurps on mommy's boobies that's
just the cook what was your phone
look she's a Nana right let's get on a
rescue the other little haul we've
ordered some food
oh no he's come the third man is here oh
and thinks is not clean Oh gate is
opening you come in okay come doggy
State
ah jeez stay I think I'll actually after
because okay you come with me
and then we ate lots and lots of food
and fell asleep were friends check out
the new friendliest friend video
featuring the vocal harmony amazing
skills of Anna Sakura drooly and the
rhyming whisper cool lyrics and Ronson
Sakura drooling would Amelia Thomas a
man whose head were two girls and
security Jodi and then Leslie at
Francesca's cycle radio rate I really
forgot a name please watch it links down
below
