so we are oh my God look there's the
Occupy Court kind of over that is like
hey will you fill them in me I know
seriously here on beautiful anyways oh
we're in town we're just going to peel
box cuz that's what we do every Friday
Friday Friday we gotta go them to the BU
home look like what you're wearing today
oh yeah I think I don't know after
wearing the suit I dabbled and maybe I
should burn all my tractor's dofus is
getting stuff from the peel I don't I'm
not really expecting anything so I don't
expect anything um last week we got oh I
got a mercy box we're ready to be
earning I usually got some really like
gonna classy what is this a special one
oh my god got something here from Aoife
cool cool a hand from Galway City and
this one's got my name on it
it's coming near you on it whoa let's go
oh the funny skeletons from Finland
Finland cool I've never gotten anything
from Finland before it's our Santa Claus
is from on this Lapland is like line in
Finland I don't know there's no time to
waste
oh my goodness what is holy like a
little oh it's an organized person oh oh
my god is all this Finland people are
awesome what that is so cool these came
out to be a little bigger than I thought
oh my god we've always wondered with the
dogs like one of those things
Finland's chocolate oh my god you are an
awesome person
Finland scoop I am from some time ago we
are going to devour that but this is
from Ireland yeah I'm going awesome I'll
open it well right yeah my job I run an
opening buzz well you have tips about
stupid that at home though yeah yeah
we're ghosts at home
multiple multiple items oh my god
please sign this birthday card to Katie
for 17th birthday oh my gosh that
self-addressed envelope oh my god that's
so fun that is such a good idea hopes
that's such an idea like you signed this
put it back in the envelope and send it
back
that's so cute that is cute oh my god
that is a very tart feel friend yeah it
is
he's your friend watching this and we're
not to does it say please don't
oh we better eat later and see we've
blown the birthday surprise just add
another look and a nice tasty car that
you really nice I really like that car
you know um I'll tell you guys about it
if actually end up buying that car but
it's like super nice you know and a
funny thing is like hey Cooper
what what can I say child abuse child
abuser cuz I'm like I'm not cuz all the
like four doors open in the Jeep things
and I'm just like you know I'm not
really a big fan of SUVs and the jeeps
and stuff like that you know and I'm
like it's like one baby two dogs it's
like it'll be fine it'll be grand you
know I'm still I'm still young
looks like those Jeep things like
they're all got massive engines in them
and they're like three litres and two
litres and I'm like why would I pay more
for tax than insurance like and it
but this ones automatic yeah this is
automatic nice it doesn't have
cupholders we do we do we've got
cupholders check and that guy I don't
know I really like that that's how it
was a nicer guy and it's from like an
actual dealership and stuff like you
know so I don't know I feel good about
it I feel good about I'll let you guys
know obvious obviously you will know in
the future also guys I just want to tell
you a little bit information about a
little project that we're working on or
te 41f rahein is the sonic or last time
we were on or t2 which is network to you
which is like it's a different kind of
channel it's more like young shows and
stuff but they're there's they're doing
a documentary in Ireland which as far as
I know I have just them I'm not sure
it's official yet but YouTube might be
streaming YouTube might be streaming
this live what YouTube might be
streaming listing life which is going to
be like totally awesome
so I'll let you know it's going to
remember life in a day right well it's
going to be like a life in a day project
but it's going to be am Irish people
what it means to be Irish and it's kind
of like a snapshot of people from all
over the world that are Irish about what
it means to be Irish and it's going to
be on or chi1 on st. Patrick's Day and
then we're involved in it and yeah it's
going to be awesome I'll tell you more
about it as it's progressing and stuff
because we're sorting it just like
Dilly's Island about the fine lines and
stuff at the moment but it's going to be
an awesome project if you are Irish if
you are an Irish Chaplin please leave me
a comment of what you think it means to
be Irish that would be awesome and then
I can basically just hit whoever has the
best one I can just basically say that
and then honey kid but what does it mean
to be Irish leave me a comment and let
me know what it means to be Irish Yong
Yong
I think I'm going to go for the toasted
ciabatta
I am when you think about after you
gonna ask them only because they never
happened
oh yeah really wanted to maybe they do
have to do some female or something yeah
yeah otherwise you're going to get a
cheese line
I'm gonna he's going G to change things
up I have a cold sore
why we come to be bees oops I just made
a mess everywhere
mmm peppers nice niceness
a stomach mices
what he didn't have the guacamole one
you got the tuna one I will leave you of
all your Christmas
I'm just going to make a polonaise yeah
yeah yeah you have the chicken finish
all the time so we decided when there is
something different to their knowledge
Melara
I'm not every like 20 minutes we did
have a kind of Reason thing again or as
it's also commonly known as spagbol
she's at the official Italian
terminology by Bob wonder mu home
schools this bag ball oh my goodness 14
loads of tomorrow's you gonna eat the
tin
but in tomatoes or
Oh obviously having a corn
burthen doesn't get any more taking what
you have experienced meat oh goodness no
ordinance meat to yours
Oh gotten the Opera crackers no XD
schedule
yeah it's bugger up we got some s.coups
okay okay
keep sniffing envelopes
Mona came contact check our trails
Marcus I want to check out 12 okay I'm
Marco Sullivan while you're there why
you see the need to shout when I walk
around oh you got them before were they
good oh lucky coconuts
my name is Coco did I cook on it can I
come over to face back with your friends
eat you he's not gonna eat you what do
you do then you crack it open right and
you're like peeling the insides I
thought they were just like patrolling
at your brother
ha ha that's what I used to do do
anything we forgot was the actual pasta
we actually remembered everything else
but the actual spaghetti oh look here's
organic ones whole grain these guys
don't do it did I say only do it
standard they do but like they wouldn't
have me kallenchuk
just get it well you can go whole-grain
done stores brand I think it is or yeah
yeah let's got some traveling this
message and those around them milk
mm-hmm my goodness look gun it could be
a sheriff freeze
I think it's like a cap gun or something
right is that a portal with microchip or
something oh it's a laptop cover huh
it's kind of cool actually creative wall
stickers for stuff oh my god
we're gonna get one of them it's gonna
grow three a giraffe you only have to
pick a place in the house where you mark
you guys have any of us have a place in
your house where you marked as you grew
up my grandma's house we all did in this
little area and she had and you can see
well anymore but you could always see
like and like them as we grew up like
the little Lions but do you have that
anywhere where you actually can see as
you're growing up oh my gosh
oh yeah if we have a son I'm gonna make
him such a sci-fi nerd yeah nice one
yeah what the hell is roast knuckle
100% natural I don't know what that is
and it scares me D nuts part of someone
value a donut you like donuts
do you need any tools
that would be really cute I don't know
the Brits actually hang outside my
window yeah exactly
look when you're misbehaving next time
bunk
poom poom poom
this is like such a little random story
it's got like everything just just in
case you want to get a haircut or you
want to read Pirates of the Caribbean
while having a haircut they've got it
they've got it all covered
oh goodness what's this it bends oh if
I'm the pink area
oh my getting this guy's look at this
look little panko cashews washed by hand
and 30-degree wash
that's so cute look she knitted little
pankova shoes hmm
look at the size and think they'll fit
me they are so cute are they
it's a little cupcake on oh maybe I
always have it upstairs isn't that so
cute like oh my god handmade little pan
holders and that's so cute guys come on
inside inside inside oh my god it's so
cold out there
oh my goodness oh my goodness it is so
cold outside look at these things ping
ping Raja Oh Kiki treaty's oh my God
look finish can you finish that sentence
uh-huh then whoa
that's all it looks like German it's
very similar to German oh look at this
mm-hmm yo musicals yawns
oh hey there you guys want a a money
saving tip that makes a lot more effort
you see there's always a free recycling
center nearby right but then you could
always pay somebody to come and collect
your recycling paying them turns out to
be like super expensive right so we
figure that this is our plan anyway it's
like why don't we just go ahead and like
bring on a recycling stuff to the
recycling center because it's frizzy oh
then you always start piling it up then
it gets too much yeah I get on my half
again and then what happens is you get
your wife pregnant so it turns out that
you have to do all the work Oh actually
I I started that I'm having these are
they tasty I have to be honest they're a
little bit weird
yeah they're from I think her name is
inna yes this way yeah yeah don't you
call them call them um Marian exorcism
by the time you finish the pack your hub
probably acquired sad taste yep Oh fun
and then did you guys see these did you
show these I just shut this off they
didn't shut arrested stuff um they're so
cool I'm so cute she knit them herself
everything's up when she sent me some
white chocolate because she knows I love
white chocolate sent them Mary Anne
marine you sent a puppy Kong for Albion
Cena who loved it you're fighting over
it and then she even sent us look all
these pictures of where she lives and
the snow it looks like a school project
yeah and then this is her card and then
there was something else
oh yeah she nipped me or crocheted me a
cupcake it was so cool an amazing I put
up a men's room because I wanted to like
straight away and then this isn't
actually from her book this was from I
think it was yeah chocolate lunch lunch
lunch
I'm Li hungry um this chocolate was not
from Poland yeah from I was it I get it
yeah I think it might be mm-hmm I think
so sorry we got that wrong you can find
a car
I don't huh look I think it was the girl
who sent there was a different door oh
yeah
all right then I'm grateful I'm not I
just can't remember pregnancy brain what
are you doing he's in so much trouble by
the way oh yeah fun funk guys photocopy
don't talk I'm gonna look at Abby stop I
see you looking at a movie on like
little sandwiches
okay my hands because I just adore so
good yeah so weird I don't know if I'm
eating it or it's dissolving if you've
ever had these you know what I'm going
to right now it's like I'm eating it but
it's like just falling apart
do you like them I don't know
I don't so I know it's kind of weird
because I figured in it they just
dissolve in your mouth which is like
it's like would you like a sweet I don't
know wait that and you finish people
watching you're probably like ha ha it's
like a trick I know it's like joke sweet
this is poppy give to the Taurus oh yeah
women weren't even comment saying the
same thing they're like oh my god I held
one in um in class one day and then no
one over like I'm lucky because I was
kindergarten teachers I always just do
it cuz they don't even know if they can
get someone else so I understand you
know she's reading in this forum that
especially when you're pregnant paying
this woman left this note and she was
like girl ladies just let me tell you
something when you're pregnant
don't ever ever hold in a fart because
apparently you pay for it severely the
next day like no that day
they have like really bad like gasps
like you know bloating and just like yes
yes it's just like all these women even
thoughts do like oh my god I know like
it's so horrible you just have to let it
out and if you don't do any partisan hit
time but if you don't do it you just pay
for it after like it's not worth it it's
not worth it you should just do it and
then like they were saying that their
husbands were gonna leave them cuz like
it's so bad yeah I need the gas really
bad when you're pregnant oh my god any
others - no he's blames it on the baby
you just always like it's the baby it's
the baby part it's just like you can't
even you can't even do anything about it
yeah so that's a little FYI ladies or
gentlemen keep away from the wires it's
not their fault
give us one there give us a good one
there look at Cena
he's like plunk in the woods yes she
does the worst part doesn't get him
often like if she ever does it's okay it
is sad it's just all of a sudden tension
cloud just comes across you just like
you look at the other person like you
filthy beast seems like like yeah I'm so
precious it put in place yeah I'll be
probably leaves the room today she never
did it because he probably just holds it
in these I was taught a gentleman hold
it yeah but we have noticed that behind
me cuz what always tell me like oh my
god when your dog fighting like we don't
when Abby never did like yeah and then
we all see that you're like that's where
we favor again we're just letting you
know right Xena no she knows you know
we're talking about you little party
pants since the car box here's a good
girl we need to find some goodies to put
in your puppy cause we do we do we're
gonna go off an adventure we need to
find something putting in peanut butter
or denied the idea of using the wet wet
dog food like pedigree Troma or whatever
did you can call pedigree chomo anymore
they're gonna get sloppy though when
he's gonna shot we always what was that
peanut butter or a pedigree look like
there's a wrapper on the jelly myself
she's excited we're gonna have you're
gonna have an awesome time with the
pokey Kong but it won't be a carpet
affair
it'll be a supervised wouldn't've can
you not put something dry in it is quite
dry guys our new nighttime show is
teacups and Tiaras or something with the
girls charges and Tiaras the most
craziest show in the world but you have
to watch it because the mommies are
crazy
mm-hmm what do you mean my daughter got
to princess award oh if the kids win an
award they get angry it's crazy cuz I'm
a king how do you candy you guys know
eating would leave me a comment below
yeah you should being like all these
shows and stuff with a little Sun
something about Donald Trump and Oprah
or something I'm like
oh my god
we should put off Ian's seen him one of
those pageants I know I wish they had
dog one yeah well they do done ruffs
ones themselves but like unofficial ones
like on unfairly can enter ones
yeah exactly like like fun ones like
pretty one seen a hard month
yeah but they're all about like the
dimensions and angles blah blah blah
they're just kind of like standing at
the crossing hanging out but acrossing
hey guys you want to hang out sure I'll
meet you by the crossing cuz I would you
take anybody hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
