you had March morning tell you welcome
to March March feel thank you join your
coffee I was enjoying your monsters I'm
a married man
okay so don't mind my coffee buddy and
dry it's an interview it's like I woke
up swinging this big dry patch here and
then I forgot to put our wedding in
though I want it right our wedding in
wait wait first you ready that's why I
need a different pin okay flip is you
might realize that's a nice one
have you seen this get in quick I booked
I'll be at CNN yesterday for am a
grooming treatment where anything was
right
I can't sue piranhas are motivated to
get things done you see Joe Faso the Joe
fish does all of the blogging right now
fostro is Anna's it'll say who brings
everything and your first hole is the
motivated guy who has a secret right
Jonathan interest maybe that would be
better okay for that one I love this
it's good as pink so it like much is my
room to me nice okay nice right don't
ever do that guy's crazy
let's go imagine all your pictures
changes every month that would be weird
okay this bedroom it was just the most
random one I just stuck it up there
because there's nowhere else to put it
other than like who thought it for this
one hmm weird one his name's Pete and
look at my bouquet it looks so nice and
it smells amazing yeah smell that one
there the purple one whoa it's
no he's probably because they're
actually from a garden or not like a
florist didn't make them or something
you know the first ones smell good too
we just never bite from flowers that hey
what are you doing this more I thought
you wanted to swallow them
okay hey happy March okay let's see this
one here no this one's German because
it's from my OMA there we go okay I
think that's it
I think that's all the Condors oh
there's one there but I haven't found a
place for it yet I want to put it in the
bathroom or something
the janitors bathroom because I don't
know my mom has thought to she was
having calendars and her dancers
bastards that's now they're all done I
think I think that's everything I had to
do over oh no that's it so happy March
so far first of March has been awesome
weather wise latina sunny look he's just
sitting their day in the Sun no
interesting coming in because he's like
I'm having the time of my life and I
decided you know I'm gonna do guys I'm
gonna put that shorts oh so much for
thoroughiy Schwartz and Chavez are some
jeans and stuff as I'm gonna test the
water but tried it right just put them
on I just ironed them actually take
magnet just put them on right Jim
Randy's last year right last summer I
was wearing these I have more nice
things I want to say in this September
but I think I might have still even
pushed it into October cuz I like
wearing shorts look at this they're like
falling off me look like isn't that
insane like I actually just put them on
when I was like on what the heck I
didn't wear a belt but these like that's
how much skinnier I am compared to last
year like isn't that crazy
I just looked mom they're like house
like on they just been goodness I'm
wastin oeid so I jump done oh my god
program she know it so let's try and
bring to mind I think we're gonna nip
over to mama stylist because she's
taking pictures yesterday yeah at our
wedding so once your pictures he had cuz
know it's like other people always have
the pictures of you guys together
whereas all my pictures are more like
you know of myself and some work of
other people but I think she's got a
couple of group shots we're gonna tip
over there and then we're gonna bring
the two of them out on an awesome
adventure okay do they have no idea
there's not some adventure about to
happen
they're just happily happily just
lounging in the Sun from Robbie's do
that in the old k-cup place we had that
little balcony and used to sit out there
oh my goodness now I'm wearing shorts
and a t-shirt I'm breaking out the sunny
sides oh my goodness
mister that's what I use people are like
the beaches are gonna be full today I
know it's so funny in Ireland it's like
sudden me like slathering on the suntan
lotion here like running outside with
your towel yeah I got on me yeah
okay we need to figure something that I
kind of works what if we just got some
glute at BlueTEC look almost grass is
cut cuz I used to saying like is like if
it's still sunny tomorrow I'm gonna cut
my grass because it's a bad time to do
some grass cutting nice nice YUM we got
thanks an X and that our neighbor send
of these nice this is where I'm for
dinner today even gonna eat one then two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
all of them and we gonna eat them all
Abbi yeah oh goody - ah who do you go
out are we gonna eat the ball and then
play some football
I don't need who either guys cuz the
cats are right there oh here's here's
the set cat house we speak smudge Roni
smoky smoky haze my G Oh
Sergi
it's my jeans my dude I think you might
be scaring him away
summertime no summer times over wish I'd
brought more jumpers or something a pair
because we're in mama salad so wait
longer than expected
what they're for way longer I thought
we're just gonna be there for a few
minutes
rowdy bunch over there Rodi Rodi Rodi
Rodi Reston's come on I'll be up early
up mate what is that I got I need you to
load the people who are having a good
time yeah and I saw her she was gonna in
she's like no she knew she'd get in
trouble I should have gone up hash for
the little ones go fast
hash are they door hey don't worry told
all I got is my teachers falling off
their haircut I know 14 14 14 of March
guys
Kenneth Dan half - oh yeah half 12 okay
oh my god that was the guy you know mr.
avoidance as I mention we're not no
socks we're like so earnest up we should
have it the valley cotton beach honey
tomorrow I am cutting those grasses it
looks like summer well it doesn't feel
like it so I keep thinking back to
summers I keep walking into a piles of
flies those little sea flying's not a
coffee yeah it's like you walk into like
a pile of a gajillion and I mean you're
just like oh I'll flame your hands
everywhere escape and then you look at
the people in front here just like
walking home you're like wait a second
is it just us because you ain't eating
them nuts don't taste that good
don't eat the Flies kids follow the
grass is fresh and cut here guys it's
more of a reason why she's got my guy
although I don't think this is good does
he remember this is always real short
here yeah it she knew me not oh say what
something it's like counting in Japanese
or something bitch Cheney okay go Erica
Sinister's you don't know no I think you
need to it's like a song where you can
in Japanese or something I don't know as
we're gonna talk a moment Eric goes
dinner yesterday I don't need to vlog
though nothing just grass I'm surprised
come on guys he is a writer yeah that's
the guy who plays golf here yeah he had
the golf clubs and I was like ah mr.
dollar man we have not just come down
here and so long you guys don't Reese
come here all the time
look do they know where the old drinky
spot is Barnacles
seen a don't drop in you're always
trying to get his drinky did you like
that
Oh barnacles
barnacles Oh careful now this is slippy
Anna careful now
that's why you came here because he was
thirsty yeah I love you only those
things when motivated by his own greed
his own needs careful cheese
vodka oh it's not yeah oh yeah you only
news running along always down even when
she's running like and then shooting
guns like I can't do anything with my
hair down how do you how do you see into
the future or whatever the hell she does
Oh guys blankets come on come on come on
come on bones oh Ivy doesn't like
walking in stones he's never liked it
morever at the beach he's always like I
hate the storm Bert I look at the sand
apart come on
you up you're gonna go up you're gonna
go up okay come here I'll pick him up so
made a small miscalculation a small
miscalculation fellow friends you may
have saw on Twitter yesterday saw on on
Twitter you may have saw on on Twitter
that we decided we were gonna order
ourselves some defeats a heart would not
chose chickie de Pizan dolls are the yum
Yum's and order it up great ever since
fantastic whoo in the oven don't have to
worry about it get me email receipt
notice it says collection Cola is that
turn
collectin it says collection my friend
more like ooh-hoo now so essentially we
ordered a collection which means that we
totally like I'm doing the delivery
man's job for him we have taken the
laziness out of the take away food
because we have to go and actually
collect it which kind of ruins the whole
point but I've never been here before
have you pause it and I'm just still in
shock but it used to be a shop called
essentialist you saying Charles in
double nose it's give me a joke made it
made it need it mmm
I did this to water how do you get into
it first on what's going on here guys
where's the Pizza Hut wait a second
maybe the pizza it's actually around the
other side if anything we're into the
shop to get the deal that wouldn't make
any sense why is it wet is it raining
no you wouldn't you wouldn't have to you
have to go in there's no way buck
there's no way it has to be dinner turns
out actually is in the shop
how crazy is that take you sharp on one
side and that pizza place in theater
they're so crazy that way doesn't that
go be to play yeah yeah it is
when I give Nicole - jammie Dodger cake
crispy mozzarella dippers
I don't think so
over here it does make you impose new
you want to go over there and get
everything isn't it oh maybe I need to
know just to me was that time it was
worth it lads
oh yeah nachos thumbietot nachos from
PETA mmm Oh Pinos and salves and all oh
goodness goodness gracious me I'm gonna
eat it all to day need to let us all
down
photos empty I will forgive right now
because you have to tink is the glass
half full or completely full well we
gonna figure this thing hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
