tell me Alvie I only wish that
what are you doing upside down huh like
a little upside down dog doesn't you see
that you guys are so cute he's upside
down I'm just lying in his bed legs open
and off light he's very polite nice
tomorrow is a leap year on Facebook and
I was like does anybody actually watch
30 rock I know probably a lot of people
in the u.s. likes you better than art
and wife said darling you're like we're
gonna have a sleep there William
you know we're doing guys keeps you
having this been keeping up with the job
assholes we are getting married tomorrow
go to the courthouse and I was firing a
couple are confused confused on
perfusion Jack because I'm a couple of
days ago you may have missed that I was
talking about the apostille thing and
the complications because anna is a
citizen from the united states of
america so we have to go actually to
Baltimore in all live complications but
we eventually got in 10 billion years
later so we're actually getting married
tomorrow which is kind of funny because
we were talking about this we were kind
of like saying that isn't it kind of
funny that the first are our wedding on
September like it was so stressful and
there was so much to worry about and I
was saying that even though I like and
she was like oh my god like there's so
much pressure to be like you know you
have to be like the best looking very
being in your life it's the most
important you have to look the best and
it's so much pressure then people coming
in and you know her friends like messing
up on her and you know like other people
messing up and stupid things happen and
people being idiots and all this
confusion and mess and open and trying
to organize and manage this entire event
which is the most important thing but go
bet your entire life and then the end
you thinking like what was the fuss like
what was all that fuss about and at this
time it's kind of like we're not even
fussed at all you know like we didn't
like
everything on our wedding you know and
then we have like taking pictures in the
new or maybe we don't have any pictures
and it was just such like me who was III
I loved it like it was awesome and that
will be September first will be our
wedding anniversary but you know it's
kind of funny that you're saying maybe
that's why people renew you know people
renew their vows like you have a second
wedding because it's so much more
chilled it's like nothing's gonna go
wrong like you know and it's like
nobody's coming to this wedding or
anything tomorrow like there's my cell
phone on and our two witnesses and it's
just basically a signing of a book or I
think they actually do say something do
you like in and I mean do you take black
to be your black you go black I think
take maybe some like Ricky's is coming
so I'm gonna ask her to make me film
some of it so you guys can actually
watch because I don't even think we
actually ended up I did actually I set
up a camera memory in Sorrento it's
actually filmed the actual wedding part
but one of Anna's bridesmaids actually
stood in front of the camera so you guys
never really got to see that so I'll try
and record some of it tomorrow but I'm
thinking we might great to walk imamat
or something just cuz it's beside it
that's handy we make our business up
that we're not getting my dad dressed up
you know my wear shoes in my tracksuit
on that day but yeah that's what crazy
thing we did on our leap year day thing
what crazy thing are you doing on leap
day all right geez look at this
it's been dirty for too long for too
long I tell you Oh Christmas Day stuff
was that dirt it's just like Christmas
tree stuff and like kind of hairs and
stuff from nothing washed you know what
I paint but I always tried to do the
vacuuming part first before a great game
to me I'm washing because once the cars
wet everything sort of sticks to it and
then you end up with everything sort of
the dust and everything sort of sticking
to it and that's no good
Jack Rotten Maximum Overdrive
that's the stuff of legends alright
let's get this done
huh cozy now isn't it doesn't it seem
pretty get cozy wouldn't you want to get
in there that's their bed for when they
lie on it's so cozy this is my little
shuffle up up this is gonna go what's I
do you actually put a baby seat do you
put it behind a driver behind a
passenger
oh yeah does it make a difference if you
put it behind a driver to passenger is
there some technique to see the
boomerang fail fail fail on the
boomerang nice and spot Telos
well spotless she's gonna go now we need
some mr. chance okay oh where is he what
oh he's not an airplane anymore ah mr.
Sheen used to be on an aeroplane
I've also I'm trying to figure out how
to do this because is that actually back
then it's not I think the pace is
because we were thinking the other day
imagine if I had the camera like
somewhere like that right and you
actually got both of us in frame all the
time I just think you'd be like way more
interesting instead of like always like
one or the other you know I don't know
kick him just leave it here what I mr.
Sheen shine mr. Nugent's okay trying to
get me in the lens oh that would end in
disaster
I think anyway I think it would be a
disaster it might not be the doctor
just get that just see a leader just see
you later
duster shiny okay
pays weird face weird you gotta admit it
I don't like the taste of mr. Cheney
alright kids what did we learn today mr.
Sheen mad that's right son never eat mr.
Sheen oh my god okay we learn as we go
maybe a great parent what's the first
thing you gotta teach your child to eat
mr. Sheen oh give me the nose no what do
you dust gets like everywhere in dusty
dust is dusty in situation oh is it a
caboose yeah you keep proposing your
bumper all right
he wants it Oh God he wants a chain
Cena's nappy
where did it come from hey I have to go
get some boxes oh goodness
and there's all this oh my goodness what
a messy stuff here oh my goodness I'm a
mess in here
well the box is open my thoughtless
stuff moved around weirdness who's been
moving in my stuff what did you Packers
hmm yeah subscription stop mate it's
from its from back when we were in
Middleton but we were the one in Douglas
is actually the same take advantage look
at cleaners though Dawson in it we got a
new car
thanks a bunch for lunch watch your toes
bye we're at I just bought Erica her
minecraft thingies ovens so she's now
part of the server and she picked them
Erica loves Taylor she's so funny
hello said it seems so much cleaner yeah
mr. Sheen yeah it makes it look nice and
nice and homely now let's go for it into
the traffic and get our car washed
I could I found guys when I was digging
my stuff up oh no it can't stay and it's
hoping the cameras as first seems like
oh no I wish you'd left it at home
her mom says
I'm gonna get our two morrow
to the woman I barely know we spend all
our time filming our life even though
we're pretty much full of strife but
it's not filled it's only on internet
you can get your hopes up it's probably
just a bet don't believe everything you
read in the Commons like in favorite
subscribing comment there are things
that I'd like you to do
that's my little thumb hope you liked it
I'll call this number Cena sucks yeah
you guys whistling hey alright y'all
about me leave it nice truth
ma-ma-ma-ma-ma stop a little quicker
everybody's in the audience yeah there
we go
hi guys I love my mom and my dad
suppose I love my sister at all when I
want the young little pop scary cat
named Nikki she scratched out my eye but
it's toughness that into me in town life
was great it was all about me I used to
steal meatballs from the fridge then we
moved to quiet but first we took up and
first and doctor never moved
King Cena Cena sucks
we got
and and and and what do you got what do
you know hey pick one Xena
when did she mean anyone oh my god you
must accessorize you know you're a lady
you need to learn these things we do not
plan on going to marsala it's for dinner
we did well alright okay I didn't so
back to mama star lights we go oh good
girl
yes I get the keys out before we enter
before we entered a palace of good food
what did grandma do you sure first what
was it taste to taste an idea what was I
can't pass the ricotta mine was buried
and Parmesan though I was like Barry I
know you didn't tell me you know my goal
is always bury everything in cheese
taste better
all right and we're gonna go watch the
car I didn't watch it on because the
topic the cars getting there is you I
should well I wish you wore shoes like I
got the top Washington cuz you guys know
her back when we living in Middleton I
got like the half-price top end thing so
I got one of them again and I got the
spray one nice freezing in here you take
this
you can get an inside view I will do
doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot
where she washes guys do we have it away
she washes Oh is the car getting wish
she washes
that's my best way of explaining it to
them it actually makes sense cuz they
know what a wishy-washy this they know
what a car is kind of works but I think
they probably think that they're gonna
get wet oh why is that
dad see me oh my god I'm gonna train get
their reactions goodies we got to get
out of these face Oh Oh dad don't we do
I just oh my god you're so cute she gets
it too right Oh help you watch out watch
out OB you're gonna get wet oh she's
like flinching
imagine there was a window open
night do not fight okay ami you know you
know Oh
setsuna you okay
it's a bit scary wait till the soul
becomes if and I think that's just water
right I think so I think number one is
water
number two is bubbles so that must mean
soap Hey oh you can hear the drips
mm-hmm number two Oh yep look guys do
you see this though I don't know what
soap means but this is glad relaxing I
know you guys are probably like why
aren't you helping I prefer the other
guy wants to be honest I don't know why
well jovis thinks that this gives it a
better clean so that's why he wanted to
do this he prefers doing this but I like
the one where you go away and you just
sit there like a lazy ass lazy bum and
it just doesn't open for you yep
but josephus likes to do the handiwork
oh and I'm preggers guys it's gonna be
my excuse for like the time being I
can't help you sorry I'm pregnant until
like the very end and then I'm sorry I
have a baby get nothing and I'll be with
that it's a piece of fluff in your I
don't mean take it out for you okay take
what a nice things about this alpha is
it's nice little wheels them people
point out all the time under blocks so
it's important give them a good X just
motion that's part of why at the ferris
yeah this Hosey thing using back to a
machine your manual way because they
just think you get a better job
get it better wash he just go around it
yourself brighter than the other machine
pain doesn't it was time I got
in five minutes all right
just get number three I'm gonna go shall
we
we go awesome
awesomely clean I see now I see that the
years but now you want to drive us home
are you beep beep beeps good cheese goat
cheese what I mean I mean I mean is that
fun guys
what is it - look terrified sitting on
top of her the car is nice and shiny
thumbs up for shiny car because somebody
had a craving for what is it now his
sandwich I was going in there like I
grabbed my Maltesers and I was like
whoohoo let's get to town on the sweet I
mean it's all like I'm not just just a
sandwich please one even if you ever had
crazy pavements when you're pregnant
leaves me the craziest thing we've ever
had during a craving in the comments
below and let's see you have the crazy
craving that will be a fun activity for
today hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Saucony Joely
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
