good morrow it's great it is so gray Oh
gray I know it's not so I saw someone
cutting their grass and I was like nice
one no this is Ireland there's one
season the one season this this is it
usually the August August bank holiday
weekend it's quite nice two seasons it's
like spring wind spring summer rain snow
forever it's just like summer and great
yep
summer and great somewhere I'm great
I'll be like you chosen this is my
daughter summer is my son great Grayson
doesn't name is it but gray you know am
gray isn't there that guy he's immortal
gray something great I know not real
obviously I like that Jack Antonia looks
nice
so we are going to get some stuff for
Nina's room to make it all nice and
pretty but first we're gonna get some
munchies cuz I am starving see mode
three huge it's actually huge who put
that there
I was looking at you know I did so I
decided to go to be beef upstairs but
guys Tony just let me just point
something out
spotted if what's missing
Oh No
Kennedy
very differently that I was watching him
preparing and putting it in their plate
and I was like did what what where's my
hunky-dory is wearing to putting your
hand into the hunky-dory
so I'm he B's and Mac and point no Liam
situation right well Brian's downstairs
discipline crisps and be policed in
Douglas Court justified Christmas but
unfortunately
it's comes down situation for bb's a
9-point sorry
okay it's extremely windy so I don't
even know if you can hear me I don't
know I don't know if I go there again
I suppose it was tasty I know I'm a
first for certain really hope this is
not Joe Foss I can't don't watch that's
what I do I'm a buster
Joe you're a fussy everything else this
FG eating's okay
I know I know I'm just good I kid I kid
I kid
bars Erica says jokes jokes
speaking of Erica sagon jokes mommy's
away she's gonna pedal up to our house
when M it wasn't like the field was nice
it's just that like I like my on sweet
chilli chicken with a little bit of
cheese and some soy peppers and stuff
don't give me like 90% gooey cheese that
drips all over the place as I eat it no
no no no no no no I know that's what
they're trying to do put some crystal
plate so I'm not asking a lot but so
Chris my plate okay but the service is
good service is better than O'Brien's
you had a smile to it smiles yeah how
was your father so yeah pretty good but
I think babies is better
BB's is better i like the babies I like
it too you who all is babies I don't
know if you guys know the answer to that
leave me a comment toast but who owns B
B's as far as you know Brian's used to
be Irish but Brian's isn't O'Brien's
anymore in case you to know that
O'Brien's went out of business so all
the O'Briens cafes are actually owned by
either individuals or I think the one in
the Douglass court is now a bagel bar
but they just didn't change it because
they want people to keep going to
O'Brien's but who owns B B's when does
like American or Canadian or French or
but what is it if you know the answer to
that question leave your comments below
thank you come again
that's what you don't have long hair
guys pull driving upright driving past
saw this spot look at that weight to her
check out my spotted right across the
road
it is amazing carry on that's amazing
carry on luggage
it's amazing carry on come on that's buy
all my stuff and I guess that's much
cheaper
it's a home furnishing
oh hey this is cool
that's way they look at the book is so
much faster is it this thing yeah um do
you not like just oh no you can't almost
image in general I just remembered I
want you to find the cheapest look
eleven year old and it's optical takes
Wireless so I had to do it for Mike just
like and now we wait to for a that's us
a big huge order like planes and stuff
is that there's a rug coming in now the
funny baggage you sit here and wait now
rings watch my goodness
oh no it's a big plug one in it put it
for urine right
it's your mic
she's going through very much pink my
favorite baby's job is Mike darkness
yeah that's what parking across the road
was quite handy few minutes don't we got
we got so much I get was all like
they're cheap and stuff
we got like a shoe rack for a fiver Oh a
mouse for like 11 years get the phone
although the cheapest pony are
advertising right with 79 years because
I wanted an answering machine
I don't want a speakerphone I hate
talking into phones like I love speaker
phones I know I'm not crazy I'm talking
to the youtubers nothing hello so am
Anna and then I found her at the front
for like 35 and I was like Oh Clarence
nice that's what Argos was awesome for
that stuff like oh I running right by my
crib or stuff I'd output left me like
stuff that like isn't that really
necessary you know that doesn't matter
if it's like good quality you know but
it's not even like you're buying like
the cheap stuff you're not buying like
the crap stuff they just Argos can buy
stuff from retailers at a much better
price than smaller shops yeah but if you
bought that rug in like a rope shop
it'll be way more expensive yeah but
everything that I got Paul broom Hall
yeah I think so I'm bulbs looking
checking that folks and said I hooked up
the phone this morning Chad I could plug
this like thing in between the rotor and
the satellite thing to do something else
I don't know cuz apparently we had a
free phone well we well we like a free
connection but we didn't actually
utilize it so now I'm going to utilize
that let's kill that isn't it cuz I
thought when I was putting their Trudy
actually bought and bought this thing
and I was like the box I know I realize
it's actually a painting hey guys
that's nice isn't it yeah fun little
thing little imp
stuffy's I'll be listen
oh no oh no oh no it's getting away
getting away getting away
have you gotten that open yet okay think
I'll be taking ownership on this well
why don't we bring it upstairs all
wrapped up before you open it wouldn't
it make more sense what I'll go in it oh
I got it from here
your heads all Rockets
up run get yourself a Maltese puppy
mm-hmm do you like it I'll be he clearly
does but nobody better pee on it does it
looks like a fluffy yeah no look that
you're getting at the corner the corner
is gonna be weird
it's okay it just needs a bandage okay I
know but look trust me yeah messed up
I'm just helping I know how to do these
things
I'm helping you so that you won't make a
mistake well it smells like plastic or
something yeah
yeah I'll be keep away from the scissors
well you did that one yeah yeah because
that was the tightest to see excuse me
yeah well done though I thought do you
think it looks nice in my room yeah
that's good so fluffy we better hope we
have a girl good luck it's like perfect
for this is perfect to be a girls room
now you know like a little girls joining
what my picture a picture where behind
you oh my god what are you doing yeah
for obvious reason oh you just be
careful with that please it's like a
present from somebody special okay for
me no so soft knees you have to come
here
I know it sucked and I make the earth
move okay
get out now because I it's cool look I
can just do this for now
oh it's not a big deal of it yeah it's
really cool I can first see peeing on
this so I think that door is gonna need
to be locked at all the times
Johnathan's hang my picture it's done
job done okay
no no no I got effect not really it's
kind of cool yeah how are you gonna make
sure it's straight I'm using my level
system professional
no no the frame is a thing I know okay
I'll try yeah is that straight people's
uh no it's wheat damn it yeah that's
right they're a little bit damn
yeah are you sure it's the final yeah
thanks
oh wait yeah yeah that's straight that's
straight okay after that picture I'm
gonna go move and I take it perfect
yeah yeah I think it's perfect
oh okay and then this one here is bigger
so doesn't have to be dead center or
anything just like you know remember
when you did this in the old room and
then removed I moved all right
very much she looks really get a pen or
marker zone
right away from in there for a second
straight men
no quick get you far away our overtime
time okay blah but I was your body
okay and then one last one yeah okay one
last one which one
I'm the door it's just like no post-iraq
doing on doors right there oh yeah
in here yeah just a baby well this is
what we call a guest job we're fine it's
nails kinas room see the framework so
take all right it afar
now can you just pop it out of it
pop-pop much of a felony right or they
enough never get dry open so Eric hasn't
worked for dinner today and therefore we
decided to cook her the nutritional meal
nutritious meal of pizza well see we had
gotten this these pizzas a while ago and
we thought we're gonna have them like
right on the day that we got them and
then we never did so we kind of have to
eat them and that's what I was planning
on making tonight because Monday's
always like an easy cook so um yeah
we're having pizza I could have made
like lasagna but we were needy these
pizzas and we hadn't even like not
refrigerated frozen them we had just put
them in the freezer so yeah I'm giving
her a healthy meal and um she did her
homework don't you back over there her
bag is so heavy like unorthodox women's
clothes as well but like when you're an
adult and you finish school unlike you
know somebody that's in school but you
care of it and then you feel their bag
and you're like oh my god they're trying
to get with you then it's kind of like a
different story I remember my parents
would always be like that they'd be like
your body's still have like my dad would
greet and you'd be like you know you're
gonna ruin your back but the blood is so
right like it's so calling
look at or what you feel when you feel
the bags of a teenage go wrong would you
feel like a Google person bag it's very
heavy so anyways see look let me try and
pick it up you're sure about them all
right I actually can't even lift that
okay I can't even lift that I'm not
going to because it actually hurts
anyways so making the pizza which will
take about eleven to thirteen minutes
and I'm gonna do just wash up so yeah
that's about it that's all it's going on
right now
did you guys through my room do you want
to see it when I show you my other ma
give you the Grand Tour okay well we
also got this shoe rack over here you
can't see it all but because I was kind
of freaking out because like the shoes
we're kind of getting out of control and
it just looked pretty messy and
everything so let's see and Joffe is did
this all on that won't work
Oh what kind of well actually Joffe is
did this all with it using any screws
and I was like are you sure that's like
okay because I'm not look it's mostly my
shoes yeah it's kind of embarrassing
it's because I'm lazy and actually is
cuz I don't have a lot of space upstairs
for shoes but yeah hey there so let me
show you upstairs my room okay
okay so wait tonight okay so this is
what you see when you first come in
she's doing this cuz I'm gonna do this
on my own tell it I'll do it my didn't
think daylight and I'll go through it in
detail more but I just wanted to give
you guys a sneak preview so this is my
desk and see I got a new mirror a new
lamp which is kind of making things
looks like yeah um what else to get new
oh the rug is new it's pink it's super
soft a hum well Jonathan on that I got a
new picture and I hung my I have two
calendars I know that looks pretty weird
but I like both of them I love both of
them and I think that one matches that
one that wall and that would match that
wall so I really really like the book
and then I hung my cookies hi Cena do
you love it
she loves his rooks it's so soft and
then I hung what I didn't hang on sorry
I am framed two more pictures that one's
already framed and so that when I pee
but I just wanted some pictures of Jaffa
since I actually didn't have any of him
in this room when I was like yeah good
or probably gonna be like okay come on
let's go do it's good you all right so
that's my room marilla or lit excited
the red box so now I'm gonna wash up
cause otherwise there's gonna be time
we're up there is nothing mine half
there yeah man I said go try to build
something next thing you know Erica is
addicted to Minecraft aren't you feeding
Kiba
she's a beater he's a meter she kill
them Justin poor lads sorry about that
that wasn't me and I was like stop
hating him she's like oh this is fun I
went in a second is this what you do he
just beat people
beeping and building beating and
building at the same time so I might get
Erica I'll buy her an account get off my
pizza better put the funnel in the world
look at that little troublemaker over
here who is it zero and Beth although
they're brothers they're really nice
though but what I do I'm breaking their
restroom stop come on dawn let's go so
mean give me this okay come on why did
to break those stairs come on go get
your bag say sorry go get you back home
go get your bag go get your bag
come on go get your bag forget your bike
let's go do you love minecraft you can
break yeah yeah well I'll make you an
administrator break you off oh no come
on let's go
why am i hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to
the video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
