hey you know I used to say Nana that's
really funny is that it seems like the
closer we get to actually my hair
they're actually having the baby and
stuff like yesterday and we're looking
through the car seats and all the less
you care more about actually having the
nice cool and resin like Cobras
practicality and I'm like well
practicality is kind of weighing it you
know because the more you think about
like that I'm that system we were
looking at yesterday you know like when
you crush that down like that's huge but
that is my surprise you imagine like in
the back seat of the car right you've
got the baby seat I'll be encinas baby
seats right and then you've got the big
pram thing the stroller thing right then
all right like okay we'll put the
stroller in the boot because it has to
be but then it's like well I'm probably
need to bring like changing things are
like a box and not peas or something
like that and then food so we put all
right in and then it's like okay let's
go to Tesco's if you shopping cuz
obviously you gotta bring the baby with
you oh wait a second where are we gonna
fit all the shopping on top of all the
other stuff and it's like oh my god we
need to buy a truck yeah but it's like
how do you fit everything in the cars
guys it's kind of like I don't know I
guess you do need something bigger like
I don't know like it a Jeep or something
no somewhere I don't know it but the
more the more closer gets the more we're
looking at the stuff yesterday the more
you're kind of like I suppose I probably
would actually go and give it like I'm
not I'm not gonna go I don't like those
spaceship II things not like that
the ran out like you are whatever I
don't know what they call it the little
they're kind of like they're like cars
but they're like over like em and six
seater car things I don't really like
them I like jeeps are you know if I have
to go like em MPV or something I like I
like jeeps and stuff why not you know I
have to go like fight or whatever so I
think that's what I might are looking at
someone I don't know I don't know
they're not more expensive which is the
bummer on it but they they know they
know they're all hard together the
Packers but um I was just thinking about
it even steam did ya dimensional maths
take it like how are we gonna fit all
this stuff in the car like like at the
moment like I wouldn't be able to put
foot I wouldn't be able to put that
strollers mean I don't even know that
would fit in yeah oh man
buuut you know it's like I don't even
know if that would like you know and
then if he went shot through and then
what if we went away for the weekend
and we had like the baby in the car seat
and then the dogs right and then our
clothes and suitcases and stuff
plug the stroller stuff plus Thailand
that inspire us the baby food plus the
toys but the dog store so it's like oh
my goodness waiting to get a trailer we
need to get a truck and a trailer and
hire another truck to drive behind with
just the nappies it's like oh my
goodness we need an airplane or
something I am so I suppose like the
idea of the coop a that was I'm probably
just a Niblick you know actually you
know what made me think about it when I
was in it that we were talking about and
I was like you know what I do like about
it yeah with the five doors because we
not Albian seen a hat like we just
opened the back doors and they just like
jump out and run away in there run away
go ahead they're walking it's always so
easy we've never had since we've had
aliens seen like I have not I think I've
ever really gotten the kupe yeah cuz I
always like having the back doors cuz
when I since school like all my friends
it's over in a car and self plus yeah I
don't know I tell you every Liam got it
to pay but I don't like the idea of like
the seat bowling and having to lean back
all the time like fixing a baby seat and
attaching it in on time they're like
you're so vulnerable and then you're
like lying in you know it's like oh god
no I think it's better if you have like
a back door you can just open and plop
it in you know so I have to like scale
back in the idea of having a cuvette you
know forget it it's a dream it's a pipe
dream lads
fatherhood but you know what I'll keep
all that up for you okay does it you do
something just changes in you you just
think like pack it second I'll get it
I'll get a spaceship let's face your
boat oh goodness
now you know what my singing yeah I just
totally go an x-factor
I probably shouldn't know cuz I should
give a little other people a chance you
know open foul beasts gonna have to corn
sausages for lunch today
we got three sorry but I love you making
so alright we were just doing
mathematics there and we just figure it
out in a month's time we're gonna know
the gender holy crap holy crap holy also
just a note you see - I'm missing a
little bit of skin there no don't touch
it see oh my god it's actually through
that tattoo yeah exactly
is that fun did you enjoy that huh I
didn't kick you I just like I rubbed by
you I didn't I did not thank you I'm
showing you geek I watched those of your
socks so now you have no excuses excuses
for what I always change my socks Hey Oh
once a week I changed my socks and twice
a month I changed my underwear because
not all you do is have to turn them
inside out inside that back again inside
that back again inside that back again
inside ya back again change your pants
inside out put
come on back again change your pants
inside out
back again but what means is they're so
dinky well enjoy all pins were like
recycling bins oh yeah click no it's a
pin that you get and it's like the most
expensive one and it means that it's
like a garbage disposal I think it's a
shoe or something we should do that I
mean you don't have to change the bin
because if you get like a normal bin it
gets like smells is inside you have to
change it and like take it out but with
this one is like a chute it's like you
know when you buy like an oven or like
any of those appliances you that's
really cool I can invent - I know don't
be so amazing they mean you guys have
wondered am like I know you have a
garbage disposal
they don't we have that in rem enough
but we don't have anything like that
here because it like that you know they
are taking forever
I'm gonna jack it up to 75 what speeding
if FC can well then what's going on here
what's going on here
mm-hmm that's good Bobby
what's happening hmm so guilty you guys
need to get a haircut soon hmm
sure dad you sure do you more so cuz
they catch a little beard even bigger
beard than me ain't no really you've
grown your hair's going back nicely
it has uncut block in there that's a
no-fly zone let's go collect oh my from
the train station
oh must come and back from Belfast City
we're gonna go and probably have some
dinner in Oh myself because we're too
lazy to cook for ourselves cause we
can't take care of ourselves how are we
gonna take care of a baby who knows I
don't even know you know there's no you
what Holly B's gonna take care of him
I know pizza Domino's and McDonald's are
gonna feed the babies we need all we
need to do is mean to sell out means to
sell our show to McDonald's or something
like that and then we'll just wear like
McDonald's clothes all day long and all
the videos and like height McDonald's
and like every day we eat my thumb
keeping your total salads they didn't
even someone do that before what was
naming that documentary Super Size Me
Super Size Me wee man like ate
McDonald's every day for a month it
didn't work out very well for Morgan
Spurlock believe was a gentleman ya know
it sounds like a made-up name from the
air Oh give ya Becker from the National
Museum of Northern Ireland's because I'm
always hanging or any national where's
that Magali pop and you guys and you
guys from Belfast what did you get where
did you go in Belfast
think it's a coke pastor reco bail
faster imagine ever Michael myself ever
put a chain nice niceness niceness
I don't recognize these places so I'm
saying that that looks likes torment or
something
maybe like the City Hall or something
poster poster monster wrecking monster
where are people who don't know treat
the bar once there's the one at the top
of the country and Ulster do you see
what I just did there lynnster is one
enough bottom in the country and loads
there's the one in the top of the
country and in Dublin in the center and
in the inner side is context planning
for learning Abruzzo aren't we scary
here
it's awesome hair which I had awesome
there thank you I do have awesome hair
like you Emily
it's like eggplant and tomato a little
pot roast for making my soups let's name
it like a billion dollars a plate
we got about are you guys gonna mind the
house for some rodeos you gonna mind a
house you can win their house
good girl mind the house go boy am I in
the house take it
I'm such a gentle he's a gentle soul -
now I got rodeos we all the tesco we go
today did this go Shh wait have you got
the keys
we feel like it's here it's there like
hello this way sure she is like no one
here I looked at teepees off I used to
be that's not even a TV anymore it used
to be a TV
oh my god that was a TV
yes doors always like the like the
holidays would be playing us at the idea
was a TV oh my god I did not make that
up I did not that was a TV
somebody must come to do Douglas enter
and leave me a comment and tell her that
was a TV do you have the thing yeah okay
because you have the thing is it more
relaxing when you're walking around with
a Charlie oh my god you forget it
what
oh yeah sorry about that
I didn't I forgot that I've actually
done it
please take the trolley that's like that
following the buggy stroller depends
what country we live in
no no no this one here hey it's got all
rubbish in it
begone good time it is you should get
this one oh my god put it on you have to
put it on if there's nothing else you
have to do in your like to put that up
Robin Tina I mean for children wait
I like a tiara tiara tiara Fieri Omri
what's this for
you crush it oh the blowy things you
brought last year it was like so
disappointing like nothing happened
Teddy right it's cute mm-hmm what's this
like one of those big hats well
martyring if you have a leprechaun
that's where you go to buy it close
- tasty come on - Japan come on - to
paste
you said I need a shower natural and the
good thing about late-night sunday
shopping no guys replace it practically
and Totti it is like very like empty
like our own special shop just first up
Romero's show his years ago I think was
called who's with the guy he was like
he's almost orange sky turns a fake tan
on and he and the whole will show you
like bill of like time points and then
at the end you'd have like two minutes
or treatments to run around the
supermarket and like collect as much as
possible so what was the name of that
host guy if I remember him he was like
orange you are so much fake tan it was
like a shopping center game any one time
and then you'd run around the shopping
center at the end you try and grab as
much stuff as you could but I remember
always like oh my god there would be a
dream to do that wouldn't it like I
don't know about getting stuff but just
a fun if like run in here and it always
go to the most expensive soap and just
like pile all the crap behind like each
enemy and you feel a trolley you like
jump to the next one really done stories
on it
like that so done stores do almond milk
but ASCO don't shame on you Tesco
whoa whoa what just happened let's just
happen everything just changed
apple and raspberry
tropical
oh my goodness look what they did with
the upper one yeah yeah they're all new
ones look at the alpha one now is huge
and finally Tesco decided to stock its
compassionfruit nice fine
No rah-rah-rah you can eat raw food when
you're pregnant
rah rah rah rah food oh really
ah that's my my sound whoa what crisps
guys okay leave your comments below why
is your favorite crisp and I will not
buy it for you that's how we're gonna
play this game it's so exciting
okay which wouldn't we go for sour they
are pretty darn good
you never notice that sour cream another
hunky-dory they don't sell them in the
shops they're not in the deer look
everything else is in the deal and these
ones are outside the deal they're
outside the deal I'll take them Oh takes
money
stupid trolley probably attacked me
knees and broke my finger violence I
know what I have to get a microwave when
the baby comes just when it's cold you
can pop it in the microwave
problem solved oh yeah you know we're
talking about how many nappies it takes
to like the baby will go tune all that
stuff you know and after came up with a
really cool idea that's what the
hunky-dory ones
yeah but their jalapenos and stuff
wouldn't that induce labor no I thought
spicy food does imagine so Erica's plan
was that you know really like the baby
will defecate constantly well she said
the best thing to do to save them
oh yeah no she said that the best thing
to do to stop the baby from having to
change the nappies over and over again
which is basically not to feed it I was
like that's such an awesome idea if you
don't feed the baby then it won't go poo
poos problem solved
thanks Erika we found it okay either
Tesco did not pay their learning bill or
what does that mean hazelnut you got the
almond one you should try to haze no one
and sometime in your life I see what
it's like to see what it tastes even you
guys ever had Oh Monty but so many
different varieties of almond milk so uh
there's a price so pluses well I don't
know I just don't really do to milk
anymore so I do not taste it oh my God
look at your on my damn oh my goodness
then you guys have these in your kids
and we used to go on holidays over to
Grandma's house or something like that
we then you got like you have to pick
one and you'd have like one a day but
you'd always like eat all like the crap
ones first they could probably go like
corn flakes and then rice krispies and
then eventually keeping the cocoa puffs
for the last day in the Frosty's and
stuff but a fun time lot of fun
like a horror movie or something like
that this is like pretty much empty
let's color this girl have to go to clip
clop did the clip pop at your shoes as
you walk along the tip clop you're
clipping
let's go for a trinket top
it's horror movie-esque you got the idea
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
