be nice to me okay and blow them in the
labs hmm
now showing in a cinema near you it's
gonna be near sigh it's gonna be in your
head all day long now I do need my phone
thank you very much Oh disconnection
disconnection close the door oh sorry
sorry I'm sorry
close the door
you do that time let's go where to love
the station please a problem make it
something no problem chop chop chop chop
quite the waiter today wherever king and
country have you make beds for three
nights
hello dear Laila
so last night well it was actually early
this morning but last night I had
something really weird happened to me
and I said this on Twitter and Facebook
just like to ask you guys your opinions
and I think it is one of this so
basically I woke up in the night to go
pee which is normal then I went back to
sleep and then for no reason at all I
woke up at 6 a.m. and it was like why am
i waiting like this is weird
so like nothing will create nothing I
just broke up and so what I did was
because I felt kind of uncomfortable so
I moved from my back on to my left hand
side which is kind of usually like where
I sleep now just because of the baby and
everything and as soon as I moved I
literally felt like it was like a spider
run up and down my tummy and I freaked
out and I was like oh my god their
spider in the bed they sort of like you
know rubbing like stopping it away and
then I looked down I was like there's
nothing like there was nothing there and
I like jumped off and I was looking in
the sheets and everything was like
where's the spider and then I realized
that I think that's the baby moving
because it was like nothing I'd ever
felt about it that's what it felt like
is a spider or an insect run like up and
down just like you know just once I was
like oh my god that's what the baby is
supposed to feel like it's supposed to
be like a flutter everyone goes it has a
butterfly but then it's so early I was
like it's only 12 and a half weeks like
how was it
so maybe most people can't actually feel
that one yeah so I put it on Facebook
and Twitter and the majority of people
were like I was like hell is not
possible and they were like no it was
the baby it's because you're smaller and
you can feel more and I was like oh my
god oh I was right because I was 99.9%
like after happened I was like oh sweet
and then I was like trying to make it do
it again just late again come on you
know it didn't do it again tickles back
or something I know and then tickle me
well I think well my mom thinks that the
reason why I didn't feel a butterfly
feeling and that I felt more of like an
insect feeling is because it's smaller
like it is like twelve weeks usually
when people feel that it's like 1415
this size our babies tiny the most
randomest car park in the middle of town
I have no idea do you pay for under what
you do but we're not gonna be here for a
few minutes a Hans like I'm just gonna
jump and run jump and run like my
technique jump and run oh my goodness
guys so finally right I wasn't even
going to him I wasn't sure whether or
not I should actually talk about this
you guys there's more people like you
know making a big who had it but when I
myself and I tried to get my well we did
get my first September I just put that
we are my first of September
everything's done right that's our
wedding anniversary everything but we
had a problem in art and she with their
licensing and legality because of that
are not being from born in the United
States and then the United States not
additionally went to the embassy there
were so much problems and crap a better
well we finally got this which is the
United States of Postel stamp and then
we just went in and had
with the Irish government restaurant and
they issued us the final release
licensing agreements to legally bind our
love for each other based on the Irish
government code that's gonna happen on
Wednesday which is this Wednesday which
is true because she was saying to me you
can do it on the Monday or you can go
ahead and do it on Tuesday and I was
like oh no do it as soon as possible and
then she said am well if you want
Wednesday is a leap year so Wednesday's
only whatever happened every four years
she was like wouldn't that be like such
a fun time to do it and I was like yeah
let's totally do it so we're having em
we're doing like a legal thing with like
em like a judge or something let her
know the court thing to legally sign it
and lock it up on Wednesday but a oh my
god you have no idea how because we're
really worried that we're gonna have the
baby and with all this crap like wasn't
gonna go true but it's all done now it's
a bit well and Wednesday it'll be done
but oh boy
it's so cool finally really eager
beaver's hey guys this is M this is st.
Barts
Cathedral by the way which is like
awesomely amazing isn't it
okay I gotta go I just wanted to tell
you guys another thing I kind of want to
do is um then I have a look at some cars
here I've been kind of looking online
it's and stuff because I've been
thinking like it seems we're having this
baby coming I'd rather have something I
don't know
stronger and badder and the office fun
and all but they're not like the most
strongest cars so I want something I
want something German German you know
you're safe when you're in that German
car
like I like to see the thing I was
looking I was reading about this in line
and people were saying like get a Ford
or a car you know because you're gonna
want the back door for when the baby
comes you know rather than having like a
coupe a and then having to drag a baby
seat in a net all the time it just makes
sense I suppose you know I think the
color of this car is like so vibrant I
like the I like the inside oh they look
really good you know I like the coupe a
there's a lovely tree to our coupe a M
series for that
well we've get to the baby school we get
to the trash pretty quickly
no no I wasn't gonna see our case no no
it's like that's too big okay nice this
is
it's really high up like why it's huge
like I've never I've never I've never
owned around you guys ever do a pelvic
floor exercises because um I know is
complaining like what about complaining
which II was like alright every hardened
on so that's like what's it like you
know and I don't have a pelvic floor
well maybe I do but heading them it's
like basically right this way you do
guys right you know when you're trying
to have a beer and you're having a pee
and then you have to stop having a pee
which is like the worst experience in
the world ever guys know what I'm
talking about it's the hardest thing to
do it's wild pain to stop peeing
so basically try and like do that
feeling like one to do it 10 times and
seriously cuz I was like oh my god it's
pretty sore in self I it's actually hard
I like yeah just tension clenching and I
did it cuz she was like ten times over
ten times a day
alright okay well that's not hard it's
not even like a workout but it actually
feels like a worth after you're done
like obviously you're good it's not
only for one yeah yeah no thanks you're
working at a muscle and I just did ten
of them and I was like yeah right you
sure it's not and I was like oh my god
aged nine ten I didn't like it I don't
like it what I think this is the place I
was looking for nice okay
oh there's the car there that's not a
compliment I worked out quite well okay
five mile bridge thank you very much I
like the inside leathery
did you fit a baby seat back there
though yeah now
but yes it is nice look it goes fast
actually there's a couple of automatic
cars in here throw my gotta happy might
encourage you my seat see that was the
audio there oh he's standing it one I
like that color I know it just like blue
cars
what's your favorite color of a car what
if we got a car that was the size of a
baby this one here it's a bit of a bee
in there that little space back there
put it sexy sexy comes practicality
right there go quicker at the inside so
this here this is an automatic car you
like that idea
if you ever learn to drive actually have
an automatic car I never owned things
before the baby comes just in case you
guys own em a quasar I've never actually
a.m. even you seen one of these look
they're really Spacey nothing set up
Hyundai PT Cruiser
American I think what I would like a
German car no I have a thing oh look
there's another German car over here a
good'n talk the gates for comments time
vessels me the MW and most leaders in
whole day so I didn't I wasn't even
driving around this like come on it's
nice physically look at the cars and I
think I found the car I love new love it
it's a lovely car lovely cars red ribbon
anything Holger would love it and go go
sit in the back in the lap of luxury all
like this up what's up so my plan guys
is that M never to go into debt for a
car you know only buy cars I'm alright I
think I've talked about this before
year when we bought the Alfa because I
was like you know be able to be able to
buy the car cash out cash out front
instead of like buying like getting
loans and stuff like that you know and I
know you can like there's so many crap
cars out there and stuff but if you look
around like you know you'll eventually
get it you know and find a dealer and
make some make him a deal like and don't
don't take his crap and be just like I
don't need you you know I'm like look
I'll give you this car and he was like
the one I really wanted they wouldn't
have he would see the NCT was just ad on
it which in Ireland and NCT is I don't
know I don't know that what I don't
think I have that in America it's kind
of like this government state body that
ensures that all cars are like really
good and they all work so like it's not
like you can go into a dealer and you
can buy a card that's dodgy because if
the car is dodgy it won't have an NCT
certificate honors
I never doesn't have NCC certificate
Caron were crap yo so I negotiated that
he would go and put it I said like if
you put the car to the NCT I'll probably
take it you know and I didn't think he
was gonna news is like hold on a second
then he went off and then he came back
and he was like okay he'll take my Alfa
off me and he'll point that cheated
thing and I was like on crap awesome and
now I'm now I'm dreaming about the car
my god so now we're figuring we need to
do a blog sale who wants to buy my shoes
daddy needs a new car daddy needs a new
car make checks payable to panco cos
college funds hat we need to better
parking space that's great for lunch to
celebrate our decision to buy a car
possibly next month
I mean reverse I remember I thing I'm
reversing I have my reverse lights on oh
my goodness people international sign up
if someone has the reverse lights on
please don't drive behind him cheers
thanks bye
came back to be means because they give
us pips I got a sweet chili rap this
time you got to you know win again
you some copies get me copy and get a
copy of my rap rap wake up you man right
right
no thought lost had an awesome talk but
it lost the world will never know that
our coffee this is what I'll be does can
we go to Ole Miss Harris and I know it's
not here it's just not the same pink
Olga's here was in Belfast
you again I'll wait here I let my
pregnant wife go get it what they're
gonna do now showing hey mumbo-jumbo
Italian okay Motel you say treat myself
to a nice espresso espresso special oops
small better fellow balloon gene and
expresso diem to just be better about a
beer but how can you see me in
reflection better better better better
why does he make an expresso be so hyper
mm-hmm I don't make these a lot
partly because I'm too lazy and partly
because like you keep messing like a
special treat you know then you have a
lot of time it's not like a specialty
it's just like an everyday treat bring
over to the next apart mental area you
stay there for a moment make sure it's
locked tight otherwise all go wrong very
quickly nice and the Bunsen burner
look we got a cry for my mom my mom
retired my mom retired today from her
job
no put it up in the pasture oh yeah she
said I have a pair today so we get her
card over time with cards plus we're
gonna put em with the sonogram into it
and send it to her say congratulations
Erika the mother fortune nation you're
singing goodbye now you don't have to
work there anymore you can sit back and
take care of my baby that's the point
that's the job of the grandmother isn't
it isn't it you do you hear me mama
skylight hmm
what you're like nighttime thing you
know do I have a nice tasty cup of tea
at night that glass of water or general
treat yourself to a nice after a nice
meal because I never treated it as well
and it was very garlicky and I have a
nice after garlic taste and I don't like
wound out with like a dessert these
sweet things so I was like I'm gonna
have myself a tasty coffee that's what
I'm gonna have this in suggestive
comments in the description below
Baloo Liam
I'll see you guys tomorrow okay but hey
guys and texts watch hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
