so today is the day of our ultrasound
our first photo sir this is like the
first time ever that work
last time we got confirmation was the
brain stem
who directs the doctors
just like surreal yeah not just PE or
something you know
are you excited yeah super excited
strange is like honesty I've gotten
fatter I've gained weight I'm gonna lie
my wife's body and you know like I
notice things like my friends will
button up anymore
well these ones actually did to stick
her and we're going on like lowdown you
know like I know my body's changing and
so the physical signs are kind of there
but like
that could just be like
it's just so weird cuz like I don't know
it's really weird there's actually a
human life
at the moment they're 90% water yeah at
the moment for the head to drink a liter
of water they measure the night and
everything it wasn't that hard it's just
that I heard
if you drink because you know hell if
you're right in there like you know stay
away from caffeine don't like putting up
actually two books of copies was
relocated but I generally don't but um
the odd day I'll have like a cup of
coffee I kind of went off coffee though
in the beginning but today because I
heard and read that if you drink
caffeine not a lot like you don't want
to be downing like a jug of coke or
something but you know if you drink like
a little bit of caffeine in the morning
it was your baby more like junkie so I
had like a small sip of coffee this
morning with my gallons of water and I'm
hoping that that means that the baby's
going to be liked
alive and kicking
like you know it's for you because
obviously you'd be waiting with everyone
else I'm new here
it's my first first I've been at all the
other houses my first it's my first year
so do you what are you hoping for all
you girls can sit there and be like I
hate my husband's I can hate them
whoa big nice view from here
I've never been to this side or why
would I be into the maternity section
this is where I believe he's gonna be
born in one of those rooms hopefully
it's a good one with a good view
although you won't really be looking at
the window microvidia t-that's more for
me remember the marriage ends up like
those this comes a deal is it
yeah just thing like you
waiting to kill anyone I think we
already done my good they don't have
like a million forms and stuff so we're
all finished and you want to see the
picture actually oh yeah cuz I tweet and
stuff but I don't know ever okay so are
you guys you ready for this meat pan
Koga oh my god that's his first time on
the blog's yeah I know what up but you
know what you can see the nose marry
that's what I said he's like little nose
and I said what is her foot she made him
turn well actually you see it you saw in
the video there but he's like he was
turning into always we shouldn't really
thank him though cuz we don't know I
know I'm sorry it yeah but then I they
say it look you're like yeah but it
isn't it oh it's not our child and hit
she's like
April that number to take a number
Nichkhun eight eight nine up and I was
like oh about us I was like okay as a
call I thought we were just a no brush
goes no it ain't this and she's like no
we do names enough number five I was
like and I like I'm doing great times
about like well it's not like she didn't
see us but we both you're too funny
that's a great introduction something I
can see how this racially then I was
like I am NOT gonna let you like be just
mean and ruin and then she didn't like
she kind of caught on to the fact that
we were late you know but you know
horrible people already did ago was
really nice the other maid wife though
she was nice but that's no present and
she was she was and he's like it at the
end of it she was kind of like yeah so
there's the head and like she was you
know you could tell she was like bored
doing it but you have to be a little bit
excited like
for the people you know and she was like
everything is normal and then second she
put the thing on you and it was like
there's a baby there was no like like
the bedroom before saying like oh you
might know what to look for it like that
like it was like the second she put the
little thing on your stomach it was like
there's a baby yeah baby she's like yeah
it was like you might think that's the
boy parted I'm not he's not even excited
to the boy and chef what but because we
were like and she was like no it's very
too early I was like
and Anna is a super low risk actually
they said after 20 weeks think we can do
this like this new thing when they're
trying to get people out of hospitals
and exhort yeah yeah do all of it is so
funny because she took my weight my
magic not management my weight my height
my watch my blood pressure everything
and she's like on my blood work
obviously was that we take all ready and
she was like everything's perfect you
know everything's gonna be fine like you
know you're like a pretty low risk
person and then she said she was okay
she was like because they do everything
here I didn't know that they do
everything here in kilos and like
centimeters and I am used to the
American Way which is like pounds and
inches and stuff and so she's like oh I
think that's about like and she yeah she
was trying to say like him what wait I
wasn't lying
No yeah I'm like 100 like she didn't use
pounds or inch or than my height she was
like a hundred and sixty three or four
centimetres or something I was like what
I was five five or something that says
like five four I have no idea so I'm
really confused it was like whatever and
then she did my weight in kilos no I was
like that means to me he's like I have
no idea if I gained weight loss I think
I did a weight though like just from
baseball yeah so she said she was like
oh you're gonna probably you know you
can expect obviously to gain uzuki a few
kilos and I was you know losing pounds I
don't know
yeah we need to get a different scale
that has kilos because I never know what
you say I'm like using an American term
Chile so and then what was the other
thing we were like joke it's John I
think of joking and saying things and he
made a joke about takeaways and give him
a for Lent and she was like would you
eat a lot of takeaways now and I was
like well I think she's just taken a
mile but I was like well you know like I
mean that's not Batman II and like it's
like like - yeah a couple of times and
she was like you know what you have not
installed in them but then only
everything came back my iron levels I
was really impressed with that my iron
levels were perfect and I was like she
was like how would you describe your
diet I was like well I'm pescetarian
like I don't eat meat but I do eat fish
and she was like okay um yeah your iron
levels are perfect though so that's fine
and she was like just make sure to eat
like she actually said leafy greens you
know like that are better they're higher
in iron even then like you would think
so I was like okay so everything was
fine I was worried that my iron levels
were low because of being vegetarian and
everything but I guess because I eat a
lot of fish it's fine
and then she's oh she mentioned like you
know 30 minutes of extra like low kind
of
um low-impact exercise a day is good
like walking the dog or swimming or so I
should do that I don't really do that
should ask anything about me you know I
kept the same nights just like that's
you man you crashing items I'm okay too
I feel a little nauseous you know but
I'm okay hmm oh and then she mentioned
she was like oh grazing throughout the
day just like eat like you know she was
like now eat your you know your healthy
breakfast every morning like porridge or
Weetabix and I was like maybe do all
women eat porridge and we debate that is
exactly what I eat every morning not so
much weed awakes anymore party just like
yay and then she's like and then just
snacking throughout the day smaller
meals I was like that's fine by me
you weren't recording no just at the end
wants to because it doesn't make a noise
oh no it's not a girl that could've
turned off years ago a baby in case in
case you haven't recorded anything today
this is what we made Becker I honestly
did not think because I've seen scans
before and it looks maybe it's just
improved or something but I remember
seeing like eric has scan it's just like
a balloon yeah it's a blur and there and
I remember being like anything that
looks like a baby let's put the picture
in the frame
oh we put one in each yes yeah okay so
is that awesome baby skin oh did you
sorry they be a part of that yay
now I was showing it a cinema near you
mm-hmm he's doing that with 40 because
this one has a little thing in its head
this one doesn't like wonder why she
chose these two I supposed to play the
best ones all right specially new one
like this one all right come on come on
little baby
let's put you over here hmm
y'all better in here exploring you
uncanny valley be a graphic design
interactive media replace you at this my
little baby can watch me work
you can watch dad worked we're taking
this a little hard if you can have a
better life bring a pen cold on her
under walk yeah it's crazy it just feels
real now you know I think that was it
like now I never feels to be alike you
know now you're driving like baby
outdoors you taking it in pink Olga hey
thank you know walk in every time you
cough she doesn't dance
yeah I felt kind of bad coughing be sure
to use like fast asleep yeah like oh god
what what you whined like can't you
stand fast asleep dreaming that makes me
feel like oh my god any time I do
anything
you shouldn't cough it affect you know
like what if I'm like its true like if
you're in I know that's what I'm like oh
god oh no cool guy mm-hmm come on guys
look springtime Freddie daffodils Merida
our Nina
many many devils leave me a comment if
you know the name of the mini daffodils
but it's so nice to see some sort of
color kind of gives me hope that's got a
bit warmer definitely has got a bit
warmer it's nice to have a bit of Hope
come on come on guys
mom's had her half an hour exercise for
today baby's happy hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
