so I just ate my lunch and I'm standing
here because it's so dark and I feel
like this probably the best lighting
it's so freaking look at this guy
can you see Oh looks blue one count okay
that's great
swear to god that's great anyways so I'm
trying to decide what to make for dinner
because I want to make something good we
have chickpeas so I was thinking I have
this book that my mom got me and I still
haven't used it yet
it's called River cottage veg every day
and it's vegetarian cookbook dog so
there's this chickpea ketchup curry so
that looks good and then I'm somewhat of
chickpea things yeah we could actually
we do have chickpeas and then there's
also this leek risotto with chestnuts I
know Jonathan just knew like well he
thinks he's the Microsoft but I think
that's because he hasn't had like a lot
of her soda before he's only had like
one type or something that's use me he
decides he doesn't like it's super dark
inside to doesn't like this thing based
on like one time also I wanted to tell
you guys right so I was stupid and I
went ahead and bought this pinhead
porridge oats because I had been stupid
and I had heard or read I think that
Kourtney Kardashian has them for
breakfast and she really likes them and
I was like I didn't know what pinhead
her jokes were I had no idea
I hadn't heard of them before like she
had mentioned them so I just I thought
they were just like I wanted to try and
met you know cuz I eat pirate every
morning so I want to try that so I did
and I hated them yeah I don't like them
at all I bought like this
actually it's pretty good because I only
bought like this is one kilogram but
like usually you know you can buy parts
that's like two kilograms or maybe even
more like it's usually you can get like
pretty big packets but they only had a
small and I remember being in the shop
and I was like why do they I don't have
small one that's weird like I want to
buy a big one you know so just as well I
could only buy one kg so yeah I had it
like three times I think thinking that
you know maybe I just had to get used to
it or something but they're really like
first of all it takes I didn't even read
the instructions or anything like that
and I don't really know just Kourtney
Kardashian reading eight-time every
morning because it takes like 30 earth
25 to 30 minutes to cook which you know
like if you eat regular porridge that
cook that takes like no time to cook you
can get you can get like microwavable
ones that are like two minutes if you
want to I don't I just use regular power
jokes I used to do the microwave one
when we had a microwave and like yeah it
was pretty quick but it's probably
better to get like just a regular ones
because it's all natural and everything
but um it takes like what ten five
minutes ten minutes depending on the
amount of your cooking taking you at
five minutes and like when I saw that
twenty five minutes I was like are you
serious like who has the time to do that
in the mornings that's what I'm like I
really did that she does that every
morning like Hello did you ever watch
Keeping Up with the Kardashians or any
of those shows they're never cooking
anything they always have stuff
delivered to the house so I don't know
unless she has a chef who does it for
her
I just don't when you see that happening
and she plus she has a kid and
everything I just don't think she would
spend not that many time of cooking in
the morning what the hell
so anyway and then when it's finally
cooked oh yeah I usually eat like like a
servant obviously of part every morning
and serving a part just like I don't
know other thing of varies depending on
impact I think my mind is like 40 grams
so I did not know like how much
how little you know have some grains and
stuff like rice it expands so I didn't
know so I measured out like you know the
serving amount of the pinhead one and I
was like Kayla just do 40 grams that's
what it's on the pack and then that's
kind of what like I would probably do
for a normal-size it's probably about 40
grams and it's like a serving size you
know it's like normal regular serving so
I did that and it came out like tiny
like it looked like a tiny amount
because it's so dense and heavy now
having said that it does fill you up but
here less that's like is that much
parish like it's not a lot I know it
does fill you often it's probably like
healthier I don't think I don't know I
actually have no idea but I didn't like
it and then it was very very tough like
when you bite into it it's like but I
like part because it's soft and like
mushy I like that I don't want my perch
to be like tough so it was a fail so
just if you guys were wondering cuz I'm
sure a lot of people went out and bought
pinhead all right oh it's because of
Kourtney Kardashian's saying that but if
you're wondering my opinion is it's not
it's not like what it's cracked up to be
plus I don't see any amazing benefits I
mean I didn't like it so I just think
it's male but um yeah I'm trying to
figure out because we have leeks and
then we have chick peas as well and
stuff so I'll have to figure that out
but this one could be good the chickpea
curry and we have couscous as well and
that's always nice chickpeas done
wealthy but all that you guys know what
I decide to make don't this is like
starving to death because he says
there's no food in the fridge there's
tons of food in the fridge okay but
problem is he doesn't really know how to
fix himself anything that isn't like
ready-mades
actually Jonathan you should make deacon
potato soup
because we have it yeah my arm is
getting some time what well no meow okay
oh hey guys why it's all out of focus
totally out of focus this camera is so
crap in the dark it just playin focus
yeah yeah I was almost in a bad ones
call them focused nice like that change
would you guys feel for Lent yeah I was
just saying on Facebook I can see those
people of course am giving up take away
oh and I'll let you know what to do it's
actually a good idea
whatever we take away every single day
for 40 days no I don't think Jesus would
be very happy with us if we did but
considering he's maybe he did our what's
our pizza that's her son's
takeaway deaf devil devil delight I
don't think so my I had a friend in
school and her mom was really religious
and like kind of very like devout
Catholic and she every single like even
though she was an adult because usually
kids give up they say they're gonna give
up so she as an animal like would give
up sweets like all sweets every single
year for Lent
for the whole 40 days she wouldn't touch
it and apparently nowadays you can break
it on a Sunday did you know that yeah
you can break it on like religiously or
whatever yeah they like changed it or
modified it or something to like because
you know obviously we've got me we've
gotten lazy ya know what I remember is
from school like she told me she's like
you can break it on a Sunday on a Sunday
you can have chocolate if you're giving
up chocolate cuz it's like to do with
day
yeah but her mom would not like ever she
never did
and then at Easter time that was than
only time like after you know that she
actually ate like chocolate and sweets
and stuff but she like even as a grown
woman like I remember thinking that was
so weird cause like it's a joke yeah but
yet she already took it so serious and
like just goes to I mean no idea
today because you're supposed to do
something that like is actually hard to
do okay I'm giving up smoking yeah forty
days actually on Sunday I'll have a
small consenting on what did you do I
don't know what are you going up seeing
that funny nice ATP's my house Bobby go
you didn't actually put me out I'll he's
been bullying us for the last two days
so me know why and every time he does it
I scream at him was that yeah it's okay
Tina I know maybe it's because like me
and see and I've been spending a little
bit more time together at me maybe she's
getting he's getting more annoyed if
every morning she's been giving me
kisses
morning kisses she's been making that
remark okay so what are you giving up
Cena no you mean what are you giving up
okay so I know it's you know I would
like to take up for Lent
what geez you know if I walk every day
mmm like that are you trying to get out
for 40 days no fun no oh ok trying every
bar
I try that in my life day I'm like I'm
gonna take the dogs for a walk and then
you look outside it's just like pouring
rain you're like no it's not going to
have today when we move to California
we'll walk the dogs every day
unfortunately we're not moving to
California oh don't worry there's like
three months well to two weeks in the
summer this summer time we're really
good about it
but just like in the wintertime it's
like I can't wait for summer I miss my
schooi
we're in sorrento when we're in sorrento
the place they were we walked every day
we go in the rain yeah your dog's best
friend
that's good she's a dog walker but she
walked them they probably had like she's
so cute look at her face like how can
you not think she's cute little baby
Hershey they both need to go yeah very
much
they need to work on talks I tried that
before with a love a wound we first got
him I was like kind of blowing rasberry
wouldn't work because obviously there's
hair yeah don't worry he's just like
what are you doing mom freak tomorrow
we're gonna find out I'm so scared I'm
kind of like I don't know why I'm just
scared because whatever they're like I
have this like I don't know like they're
they're like well we can't find a
heartbeat like hold on a second we have
to get to consultant or something in the
name come in and there's like a room
full of people and they're always taking
notes taking pictures and Loan like
we've never seen anything like this
before
yeah I've been watching winds
expressionist she's got the sonogram gel
or whatever and she like rooms and I'd
be like why can't going today cuz my
brother was like what they say T is
always like oh do you want to know the
sex of the baby is
you know he's asking them because if she
knows if she spots it I just think 12
weeks is two or thirteen weeks in the
nose is too early I just want the second
day here
500 heartbeats likes it super fossil SEM
apparently you can tell the sex well
this is another old wives tale by the
heartbeat if the heartbeat is high like
if it's over one is the medical person
they don't know yeah I know
so you having a fun time it's the
mayor's being here I can I come in
please
she's like going at it like so yeah
hurry if it's over 140 or 145 or
something it's more likely to be a girl
and if it's oh if it's under it's more
likely to be a boy but like I think it
doesn't a heart rate change it was a
graduation as well but slows down
obviously so 10 because our heart now
it's like I don't know what the average
are like for the fifth my series BPM
words I'm serious there's it mental yeah
hers is so fast give me a hold is it
Paul especially if they're scared hold
Albie when he's there no I'll be before
the vets oh yeah Albie now this
collection of things here that's always
in the hall a little dog a bone the
piece of the bone that Cena chewed off
he's not in there no he'd be in my room
no I'll be some part of the team yeah
he's probably on hiatus guys I've got my
jeans on today with the button open I
feel like a hillbilly we did we gave
each other a hug and our bellies bumped
we had like yeah hi what you doing
hanging out in here huh are you doing
in my tummy hey they've almost died they
actually held up really well did
actually that's how much I love you see
that's an old wives tale depending on
the flowers blooming unbound and say you
can tell the sex and the gender of the
child for her based on the fact that
these are still right I would say you're
having a boy or a girl yeah it's
definitely a boy or a girl okay come on
just eat some food so I've decided I'm
gonna make the chickpea curry um the
only problem is were low on ketchup do
you think there's five tablespoons in
there
probably not anyways so yeah I think I'm
gonna attempt this cuz I've never made
it before and it looks really simple and
easy and then just put it with couscous
which you already have so I'm gonna go
ahead and get my ingredients together
and then I'll show you guys what is
involved so if you want to make it then
and you don't have this book then maybe
you can just watch this video and then
you will be able to make it okay okay so
here are the ingredients laid out I had
a bit of an issue that's a bit like one
and a half two tablespoons if that and
I'm supposed to have five so I'm not
really sure what I'm gonna do about that
the oil is just heating up I might use
chopped tomatoes because I have them I
don't think Jonathan is gonna look over
the shop is such a like basic thing that
like everybody else anyway I probably
will end up just using the UM the tomato
tunes or something like that so we'll
see so I'm just gonna let you guys know
what's in it um so one small onion
chopped up supposed to be five
tablespoons of ketchup that's just the
couscous for later
400 grams of chickpeas half a lemon
juice of 1/2 lemon this is 2 centimeter
piece of Grand up ginger all right not
grande up sorry grated ginger you need
curry powder which I don't have I have
chili powder though crushed chilies salt
pepper a crushed up garlic and this is
sunflower oil or vegetable oil didn't
have some horrible thing whatever so now
I'm just gonna put in my onions and I
will show you guys what it looks like
when it's all cooking and hopefully it
will swear that this tomato sauce
problem it's ready hope you like it Joe
Pitt that's very poor
it's a new book but look looks really
good doesn't it
I'm gonna take a picture now I don't
know why I just want to take a picture
of it cuz it looks nice and I've written
myself
so hopefully this would be good if it is
I'll let you guys know and I will
probably make it again because that was
super easy so this book right here go
bugs mmm
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
