I'm just doing a baby before I go and
then I need to leave Jonathan and I'm
going to get wet Oh careful
this is batboy and sparkle rain is it
Sparkle Rainbow I know that boy oh I am
your good cat cat dogs nope who are you
milking moon - hi hi did you milky me
honey my shirt for you before I go I
need to go now
Thanks superheroes today she's a girl
you just get stuck I'll send you the fat
boy
now he's right the media is
all right Anna is gone it's just me and
lefty in the game for that apparently
some sort of show being practiced here
my baby - are you feeding your baby yeah
Oh getting the old boobies either your
babies are fine and oh oh what's going
on here singing contest la red a singing
contest you guys are hilarious your baby
where's your baby right oh boy you
dropped your baby that's you're like the
Sun so Amelia just found something in
the p.o box
what is it media so what do you say to
whoever since I don't know who it's from
I'm sorry everything gets mixed up with
the cards and I don't know if it's
because it's so from brands or is their
presence from people I'm really sorry
about that but what do you say to
whoever sent it to you yeah good girl
and then somebody sent Eduardo again how
cute was up so we're going to bring this
to Eduardo oh and the meaning I thought
that which is very exciting I think
maybe that's because it's your birthday
soon so lady eh oh yeah Jonathan do you
mind getting the baby up for me while I
go downstairs not open me
yepper fine
that was a joke haha mum young man yells
and oh okay I need to get the baby and
can you carry ten as well
thank you don't scare Missy I wanna see
what a good I close the curtains and
guess what she slept through her nap her
body was beneath him he came not kidding
she's calling him kid no good idea yeah
it looks like you to media but Brandeis
and brand hair she looks exactly
laughter yeah okay yeah okay you can't
give me kin I think she's been watching
too much American YouTube here give me
can can Barbie Barbie and kyun no don't
try to open me until we're downstairs
come on leave it leave it leave it I'm
Bobby pointing out that he can't wait to
meet your husband
yeah what's his name okay wha what's his
name oh Ken and I like tennis on me
because it what with every time it a
nice little Bobby cool Carol see I'm
crazy week one all right okay what
thought okay
it's a big present though it's Ken
okay I won't help you but thank you we
open them right yeah and you can put
your clothes on him you know the clothes
oh all right I'll do it
oh this is Irish French and it's not in
English bags we don't know about no no
no no hey everybody
okay bye single oh yeah my name is
Sheena sausage isn't a senior Justin sir
listen to me now am I
you're my son and I did they're gone now
over here
Colonel Tigh ultimate in September 2011
expecting Ramirez whiny I didn't have a
conversation of rebirth and you're
talking back statement of the Queen's
attrition at all sure what does she do
it why should be important and has look
mummy by danger danger to you all and
even being a better amazing missus
and wasn't a bush oven Pearson before
she needs melis hair does a legs that
have blocked it displays a sauna camera
on the counter and I don't like jelly
oh I pretended to be a caddy be expected
for the term in the early spring give me
net Hemi dad had a second think it has
two parts for the very new mani and
hadn't run a flurry a collision or what
the slurry not a slurry okay sorry sorry
to impose Jim did we know baby so cool
and may recognize from the Harlem shake
inserted anything of evil whatever thank
you ladies people wonderfully activated
leave or whatever be a penis is lutely
crazy oh geez yeah I just on the blog
camera and I realized that in blogs all
day so hopefully we're good well
actually is a homage if you ate the Oreo
biscuits they actually good those how
much Chris I'd recommend them they gonna
leave it in a treat huh yeah hopefully
Anna blogs last today and I'd love to
idolan religious thanks man anyway
goodbye friends hope you had a good day
hanging out with us economy go
the trivia figure again tomorrow good
night
nearly saved a ramekin do what what the
hell's a ramekin mom she said please
that's all a ramekin it's called the
glass fishbowl thing killed the rabbit
you leave comments it isn't follow
ramekin no we did another me right yeah
be calm do you save your ramekins
musician washer I said leave enough well
little evidence put point that I do
nobody stuck to my actions I don't know
hey my I'm not my favorites of the year
tweet wasn't thing you know I'd monthly
finish monthly empties like 59 calories
are really good there they got real
strawberries in them totally recommend
them guys to like I've tried it on our
story never even read the box nor your
kid used to have cereal and used to like
sit there and read yeah the box yeah
yeah the kids I know I may be right kids
are old enough you have wandering kids
we talk we know thread of that they had
two crazy professors and they yeah but
they had the best toys employee I might
be my best memory of childhood I
remember that the regeneration change
but yeah it was the Weetabix
I collected redirects tokens and I got a
winner back atlas all you had a reader
back that is in 1985 I remember saving
all my tokens and getting a weighted
backside lessening Weetabix atlas
what have you ever done in your life
these comments if you are from my gem
and when you got yourself a we do
backpack alone that was that at the dog
sinc assignments goodbye friends thank
you for watching this video see um I
guess I did they say where she and the
video there are Bianca Navy ah but that
doesn't mean that me for a bit that they
still triple-click bad leg arches hello
look I don't have a ton to paint anymore
everybody SBT switch remove very sad
okay goodbye
and
