hi Hank oh gosh good good Franco yeah
well thank oka okay game plan for today
he is maybe Pam Hovis as we possibly can
for every single lunch why is he meeting
a man option one we need to get a savory
pancake where are we going to get a
savory pancake we've actually started
realize that the done stores is better
than the Tesco right in terms of
shopping centers does they'll eat you
something no no it's like the Tesco one
it's always just like Tesco because it
never was anything yeah yeah well that's
it like you like the dongs one it's not
Duns one yeah it's like an old ones
that's been around for longer
boy I want joy I want guys this is my
dream for today right for lunch I want a
chicken and a mushroom you know like of
olive ons but like inside a pancake I'd
like mmm leeks emotion or else you don't
eat chicken you don't dig on swine and
that's fine as a pig okay though wait
what the bird but it is is the official
name for pink swine or is that like I'm
just like a Saunders term for a pig
because pig is pork and chicken why is
that if you don't you know know you're
like I don't dig on being on bird so we
say swine bird swine flu what birthday
maybe it's bird yeah baby it's blue okay
so I don't dig on bird so savory pen
kogas is what it's all about today
happy panko get a pen holder it's like
your name day
I know it's pen coldest day we have a
foggy issue we have a vlog issue and a
fog issue
okay brace for noise maybe McDonnell
should you like a plan Cole get special
or sorry like tro tro of tuesday show
truck stroke tuesday is that like the
official terminology come on move along
though chops need our lunch it's like
four o'clock four o'clock lunch today
guys and so that's how we roll had a bit
of a disruption with the internet
service providing earlier on today but
that is back up and running so there was
a bit of delay but we are in the mood
all right i don't know where to easily
cook breakfast or fiber well what's
what's a cooked breakfast iowa if a
cooked breakfast is a fiber how much is
a raw breakfast all right coast is
possible let's do this let's do this
we're looking for a spot guys oh oh okay
this one oh this one this one what do
you think wait a second well that second
no no no no no what's that in there it's
not cheap though it's right
wait if the wheels scratch we know it's
right at the wrong door
this isn't safe without disables are the
ones over there no I just a future you
know what as soon as you as soon as you
have the baby you know we're doing we're
going through those tasks Oh mommy no
mommy and baby parking spaces high-five
America's gonna have to that guy's gonna
have to learn he it's just both he's
over too far I know he isn't actually
over the line his car ate too many panko
guests this morning so he fairly
independent oldest you kind of got a
bank open though cuz a rap is like a
pankova
I was offered to get one too but then I
saw this thing and it was like better
cheese and mozzarella
chicken and peppers and stuff and guys
look crisps crisps on the side of the
plate
shame on you cast a copy shame when you
pass the coffee bb's TV plateless
national pan coca day
Oh God Oh God
let's go let's go why wait what's this
way right this way no no this isn't a
pinecone girlies no you've tricked me
you've tricked me
you tricked me under the pretense of pan
kogas I have been brought home we're
shopping that is a nice mirror I will
agree with you over the
let's hit small was it a hanger yeah I
was kind of hoping to get a look at it I
sit her on her you know no oh look there
there yeah but we don't have anything on
the wall put the bottom one down
this thing moves see the bottom on
my office before I wanted lamp but then
I bought 100 watt bulb so I gave up
under walk world is fine it's bright if
I was a gremlin I wouldn't enjoy it
anyone get the joke oh my goodness with
cherry delicious we have to get them oh
we wish you get a full leopard print
like m1 z a full ever fit onesie oh my
goodness we're gonna have one of these
sent you so people want your coochie coo
hmm
I used to have I was scared Auggie drone
occup turtle are no frogs and it
because all the robots cute little robot
one did you always seem to have dogs and
stuff it is and robots more fashion yeah
that's way cuter isn't it a little dog
with a little track there yeah yeah a
little dog like you know elephant look a
little dog wait a second
you might be onto something here I never
actually noticed that if you have a
little baby boy
check his clothes for dogs a little dog
stuff yeah Mort Watson girls ones like
princesses and yeah
Oh fighter school is over next class
oh look at the load they're so cute they
see look that's girl one I love cupcakes
what is it what are they doing here what
is it what is society girls have
cupcakes boys have traffic boys are
farmers girls eat cupcakes for a child
there's an awesome room Wellington move
what you like and what
runner runners you'll want to you want
to when he's when he's in the local
football team you want a nerd this is
Ana once one of those little dorky nerd
kids with little glasses
that's a mommy's boy and when everyone
else is out playing football he wants to
stay at home isn't that in read boxer
mom mom mom can i push your hair please
tonight
you probably have a girl that's like a
complete tomboy is like oh I hate girls
stuff like let's go splashing inward
with dad you're so cute I do like the
shirts like how long do these actually
fit the kid for like 10 minutes yeah
moaning cry out of it
what's that a little like a rain suit
hmm looks like a Minecraft er
Junior Division oh that's nice look go
check it don't forget for a Toyota
washed it
wash the league Washington oh my god
this one so we should you know you guys
you guys probably go to your children
oh hi guys mama starlight from savory
pancakes hoping for sweet pancakes Oh
God the Curt the blinds are all up so
all the neighbors probably saw that cuz
um oh hey close stupid old blind
I hate these oh I hate these you know a
baby in it's actually woody it's
horrible like a baby in I think I don't
know what was a court it was in Ireland
anyway I was on the Irish news like
strangled itself himself with one of
those they're so dangerous I like I mean
if it worked to me I wouldn't have that
I would have liked one of the wooden
ones you know like that you twirl are
twists I just think this is so dangerous
we're having a baby so we have to be
careful their thoughts but um it's
definitely very scary he was up in his
remember it was like on the news and it
terrified me he was up in his bedroom
taking a nap
he's trying oh I'm so horrible and also
they break all the time this one's
broken see I had to tie it in a knot and
the one over there was broken when we
moved in so I mean not that I don't want
you care at that one cuz but let me take
care of it this one is it's like we
hardly ever even use it
Plus that doesn't actually mean it's
broken it just means it place doesn't
look as nice because there's a big not
there but anyways so we're going to my
mom's house did you guys see this I
can't remember if I showed you look how
cute craps and it's pink and I like that
for me
from meadowsn't Burton if you guys are
interested I always feel like people are
looking in here some you know like
neighborhoods see that doesn't mean his
work it skirted it like only goes
halfway you know so that's kind of crops
if I can still see but I don't really
like it because sometimes I'm in the
kitchen cooking I feel like everybody's
staring at me but then so I can see that
but you know what I mean like not that
everybody's staring at me but just that
like the neighbors can see in and I
don't like it in the nighttime I don't
care of it that daytime so oh I need to
get my jacket and everything I forgot my
mom laughed so much when I showed her
the Chelsea boots because I was like oh
my god Chad smoothness back in style
you'll love it because you have them and
she was like what a chasm it seems like
exactly I didn't know what they were
either and then I figured it out and I
was like they're the ones that used to
wear all the time when I was little so I
showed her and she like started laughing
she's like oh my god I have like five
pairs of those or something from back in
the day you know was it cocaine and why
do you want chelsea boots they're
probably like Cindy be like Cindy was
cool back in whatever they're just boots
with the elastic so is Chelsea who do
who defines the boots to be called
Chelsea I always was it's like English
child say or is it from Chelsea I don't
know there was a guy on the server yeah
I read it now because they just ruined
it but there was a user and the server
called Chelsea and for ages I used to
call her Chelsea like hey Zico chassis
but her news name was actually Chelsea I
chose like Chelsea for lads but it's not
it's a guy drawing you support the
Chelsea football team okay uh you take
you take care of them
yeah then okay just take care of that
fine you got a nice day stay stay okay
wait for Mom pan-pan Koga pan-pan Koga
pan pan pan Koba
it's up Peng coke a day in the dopest
house we're going to eat yourself
because our friends call Klaus he cause
any panco because he'll eat some more
for me because I like to eat them with a
cup of tea was that the pankova which
jumped under stairs with that do it do
it do it each pen coca has to be a step
so it's got to be like doesn't matter
what's the worst that can happen
you and your unborn child could die yeah
evil coat laughs would be like I'll get
you next time and then disappear evil
laughter strike I'll catch you next time
be like Liz Lemon under on the train
think Liz Lemon on the trail oh yeah oh
there's a better plan what could be
better than that
Oh props
she's got props nights
you like a couple of buying them
together like a superhero call pineco
guy take the Clipper is it is it pink
does it match the pan the baby with the
banger together panko get been watching
you this is what we used to do before
you came along this is how we spend our
time don't show this video to your
friends that's your mom
so do we have enough sugar
that's my question I don't know this is
enough sugar so what'd you guys give it
up for Lent
tomorrow oh my goodness look at this
thing she bought this yesterday was it
for you guys given for lint tomorrow LED
starts tomorrow
what are you giving up what's not when
you given up Bert boondi Apple is that
bonus or badness me what are you can
represent your bread poop how smart I'm
giving up blocking so I'll see you guys
in 40 days I gave up chocolate but
that's too easy
like John Coffey no you're not you're
not right well we'll see
mama satellites has given up speed 40
days ice cream yeah it's a sweet
I don't know what are you gonna hurt is
giving a homework I wanna beat you
cheese I didn't actually do that take a
note in the school be like I actually
given up cocaine charlie eating raw
cooking chocolate fix is an art of alike
I don't know I don't know it's tomorrow
though I think you better give me
comments of what you guys have given up
if you do the whole anything if you
don't know what land is here thinking
what is that out when I just deal with
we could do things like giving up our CD
player or can you take something up yeah
TV yeah no no it's a cheeky wanna cuz I
don't wanna get what something like that
it's too easy I wanna have a little bit
of
genom and not like starving to death in
a desert for 40 days I know and I'm not
really ready for that kind of a
commitment boy funding like what do you
think they're banking I couldn't make it
upstairs so I said I just make it there
right she's ruined my pancake can I have
a normal pancake go
the silence is probably no yeah an apple
strudel and maple syrup oh is that is
that amazing he's my MIDI ham the
chocolate the chocolate Oh with the
maple sauce oh but I am definitely don't
know tell us seems like a great idea
cinnamon smells so amazing
mm-hm well I peaches peaches geldof Oh
pears young Bob Paris Hilton and yogurt
let me uh put yogurt in mine and give
mine custom custom made hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
