I was so worried I was gonna hit the
table it's good
I was waiting because I'm thinking I go
and get myself a little buzz cut I got a
haircut Nene's ooh tweeter a tutorial
Donnie
Dungy oh very nice cuz I get so you know
what happens sometimes alright I'll just
nip into minecraft server and say hello
to the guys and then then I get
distracted mention nothing achieve
nothing nothing just kind of something
even if you don't know I don't even know
to where it's a half songs but I know
like the chain of them so I just kind of
go with it like you know just pick a
song you just like at Wow oh and it's
Diliman you must be quite I must shunt
our volume right why are you stuck
how can you be stuck in the shower
daydreaming camping outside there I know
it's freezing home well I don't want
your dream to end
I know I took a really long shower
yesterday remember when I shaved and
everything but do you have this fluffy
towel here no I was warm
what's warm in here Bill Gates has that
in his house yeah Becker yeah he does
that's the one thing he he got in his
house seriously he multiple rooms that
you go through I need a shower no not
for the shower but like he has this like
heating thing in his house where it
adjusts in every room according to the
person's body temperature
yeah and then it will take like the
average obviously if there's a couple of
people in the room seriously
I saw it on like some interview or
something it was like that's like the
only thing that because you know how
he's very like yeah he like he's not
yeah I love a sure anything he doesn't
look like that but that's a real card
aren't you that's the one thing that he
did in his house it's really cool and
it's like all around central heating
like it's in the walls and everything
no weren't this stopped
oh god I don't want to open it they
can't see anyone hmm oh my god
that's true though seriously I didn't
make it up
I saw it on like something it's a really
cool one it's like yeah if you had like
all the money in the world like that's
actually a really cool thing to do with
it like with your house what are you
there for a run and he came back in and
he opened the fridge for a while I mean
Ronnie would explain yeah I don't think
anyways um look at Cena with her little
phone she's so cute that was a good
present wasn't it mm-hm
present oh yes applause we need to cut
it I want to say Tesco but I don't want
to go to Tesco coz Duns is so much
better like you just realized afterwards
that like Duns has like so much like
fresher stuff would you like her bed
doesn't look so nice it's my favorite
sheets I just think they're so nice I
need your laundry laundry feels good
although it's our laundry basket of
priests what it's not really my problem
well I didn't I did laundry but it's wet
you do you have a polo shirt you have
you have this one now you have Lucky
Strike yeah it's clean and then you have
loads of shirts I know how clean they
are
but that's Monday for Tuesday you know
no we went to McDonald's last night
one thing I like Monday my girls I cook
dinner and then we also went to McDonald
we didn't actually get that much food we
just got like fries and milkshake in
jams I shake I did go robbed oh I gotta
go check though what cuz I was like I'm
not even here we had some kind of a milk
I might just you are you imagine feel
the back whoa I know that's weird what
is that like half and half or something
still yeah it's really nice that clothes
are any good do you guys I know I was
thinking of a plan right because you
know I've got like no clothes okay can I
get like a serious no name situation or
my clothes like yeah they're already off
whatever like when someone I buy one
thing and over the course of a couple of
months like you build up a wall of
clothing are actually really cool they
probably like let me only have one get
away evening free it's either the tracks
it or it's the jeans no gets all you
guys let see this is true all you guys
maybe not you guys but you guys on my
channel left comments being like oh be
really cool if well I think one person
said it and then most people summed it
up would be really cool if love clothing
could offer like a discount code for
your subscribers because you know you do
like every month and everything and
right after I got an email from love
clothing and they were like hey we just
saw that your subscribers we're talking
about it in the comments like would you
like a discount code like for every
month and I was like Scotty cool no no I
was like that's really really nice of
them that they show that they care
because they were actually watching the
video and reading comments as well and I
was like that's really cool so I will
have a discount code for you guys so I
think they're cool guys go over there
right now Joe has imposed everyone Tom
it up become the top comment boom I
don't think they've mind if I just was
like hey can I just pick out like one
thing a month for my husband and then he
can do it like so long as you show it in
the video then it should be fine I want
to be so low that I want to sell out
come on close I don't know make your own
fashion channel dopest fashion
job is the circus fashion Oh
oh my goodness guys so as always suppose
on a minecraft server I was not that
much to do there's only a couple of
things to watch like using ain't fun at
California she is on and Jay from Dublin
who seems to almost be on died like like
I said we're like the red-eye crew comes
to crumb but and yesterday's apparently
short bond guys because not that much
happened but I cannot believe we're in
the second trimester and his car because
what she's talking about we always in
the few now minecraft we always in the
Blake I don't know like just chatting
away about it stuff and oh my god like
six months like you know it call this
talk of all that stuff like like what
days today today is like Monday tomorrow
it's pattern changed or Shrove Tuesday
this is a father that's the proper name
for it recruits a but the commercial in
this pan Koga or pancake cheese day but
we'd like to call it as the Irish was a
began to be authored the musical numbers
about panko goes tomorrow
don't you worry but yeah that's like
that's when we talk about without my pen
Cogan and I was like yeah and then
Thursday we're getting the scan and you
know if vampire Olga is in the white
area you know if he's got the old legs
out twinkling women floating around in
there yeah we're actually and finding
out this X the gender of our child which
is going to be mentors because that's in
two days so that's really exciting you
know it's
oh my goodness like could you actually
and that makes it like so much more real
but the fact that doesn't need six
months left it's like you know Julie
were way back to my new brain C testing
and remember well you don't know back in
late November in September of every
October when we I'm talking about it and
then didn't happen and then it didn't
happen and then we had a similar
pregnant and then we're in the first
trimester you know in the second
trimester doesn't think one more we're
looking a middle dad said and like boy
thinking this time if we happen we're
having a pen koga right and tomorrow is
pineco that day it's not like during
birth date kind of thing you know like
you know really alec celebrates this
thing called a name day I definitely
live in Italy and I think last year a
couple of you guys from I think might be
in Canada somewhere definitely other
people saying on their countries they
have named days as well so but then it's
little panco gonna have it's always
gonna be it's how he is in there like
forever would always remember that we
call it a little for time Jesus we call
their feet it's the panko that's so
forever like every panko today with
others good night did I ever tell you
retired women no yes dad you tell me
every year I was a why am i some old man
if I suppose dad my cousin is Zimmer
frame what I don't get long weekends and
then I'm just just thinking about it you
know it's like the six-month thing you
know and then it's gonna be like seven
eight nine months it's going like what
the hell we're having a baby
Deena I said this to you I told you I
told you that it's gonna be different
from me it's a different emotional
journey for me as a woman like you know
I mean you got a baby inside of you and
you know I mean you probably feel like a
says that she feels changed she's like
tired all day long and you know I mean
because she's I don't well the percenter
is done but during the pretend upload
your app and it was really hard on her
you know but I was like I feel fine
are you talking about you know and it's
cool that we're over that part and how
but just it's time to feel a bit real
that because we've hit a milestone were
in like a three month right now it's
like goodness I came today like every
night hours cuz I'm like the bump
website or was it because I was like who
was like the not website before we get
my god she was always under not and do
stuff under not and we conforms on stuff
but now it's like she's on the bump you
don't really performed in September and
all that so it's like whatever you're
but if you're going to it was probably
like the confirmation or dead did the
communion and the fact it doesn't be the
next thing the baptism that's the next
day straight under that way since the
child was born it's like give what's the
baptism website recorded but where do we
go for that one for do we sign up will
be moving and shaking
well yeah crazy times crazy times ahead
it's gonna be so exciting you know I
gotta sit down like what me seem to be
so much fun I know you're thinking like
he has no idea it's not gonna be fun
would you stop it for a minute alright
you know it's like the midnight feedings
over this is it it's what I can one of
you will be here you'll all be up with
me
Packers you ain't get mad at this - I'll
be up here you know maybe here we go
about poster number changes not be
peeing everywhere and poops everywhere
what have I gotten myself in for but I'm
so excited though you know it's just
like nautical take so long to breweries
in the humans you don't need to take
when you're when you're gonna buy a
human it's just like you never like like
20 to 35 minutes in here
like nine months in the oven whoa what
degree what temperature is in your
tum-tums I know what you know I don't
know I'm kind of round in here guys
because we just I just I just had a big
a big conversation online now we always
do that we always them just like having
these deep conversations with your chair
you know and they just make me start
thinking about in Warren si this will be
a baby chair this will no longer stop
all right I'm gonna go guys
I will talk to you tomorrow have an
awesome day because it is actually
pankova day for you so if you're in
Ireland I want you to go right now with
this video two videos back to end right
so prepare yourselves right sorry you
know sorry get yourself ready you're
gonna you're gonna have to get up now
okay I'm sorry
you're gonna have to get up now what I
want you to eat a pancake I want you to
eat 50 pancakes I want you to my gosh
crikey hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
