so we have not vlog at all today because
it's Sunday it's kind of supposed to be
a day of rest you know
and we basically all I did all day was
clean and clean and clean dear laundry
yeah that's basically it boring cleaning
stuff so yeah that's all I did and then
Toph is just pretty much history all day
we didn't even bring the dogs for a
while cuz we were just so like I was
really busy with I had so much clean
used to balance
but yeah so the house is really nice and
clean I mean you know and then I'm just
washing the sheets because I do that
every Sunday I don't know if you guys
know that were you interested no okay
that plant unfortunately I think it's
dead but I'm kind of trying to you know
we're not resuscitate ree-ree kind of
resuscitated three bringing it back to
life is what I'm trying to do but I
don't think it's really working so
nothing really exciting I know that
yesterday's vlog ended with me making
dinner or did it yeah yeah I did and
then today's vlog is just basically meat
making like starting off me making
dinner again so I apologize for that but
we really didn't do anything exciting
today that's just like that's what
happens so I'm just gonna make very very
simple meal oh my god there's a hair
like on my nose it's like every time I
swear every time on stuff to learn every
time I start filming sorry if it looks
like
my nose I'm not there's a hair like
right there every time you start I wish
I might start filming for my channel or
this channel I feel like you know
there's a hair in my eye a hair in my
nose
a hair in my lip on my let friendship
site
yes whoever good science is kitchen
stupid
but there's no room 1 no room in this
fridge and number 2 no room in the
entire kitchen for food or storage but
oh if we next time we move I am
seriously get any kitchen with cover
it's like all the way around because we
need some here okay we need some more
cupboard or we need a big pantry or
something because that's our only
cupboard right there for food that's it
look at this waste of space over here
what's the gasp I don't even know what
that is
well
so oh no we have a lovely tomato ability
tomato that's gross
let me just put you there so you don't
contaminate your little friends so I'm
gonna make formula paste Oh pause like I
said I don't really have left in the
house and please don't fall out
everything you might have no idea how
often this is not that like oh my god so
many times either I do it or Jonathan
does it like we're rooting through this
covered because they're only covered for
food so like nothing is you know like
organized it's just everything is in
here and it's really annoying that they
hate it and it's pretty much be the same
in most of the places we've lived in I
think just Irish people don't know how
to design kitchens like they need help
please if you're an architect or kitchen
designer person just help us out okay
because obviously the Irish ones can't
do it so cuz I see love the American
ones and they always have like huge
fridges huge storage everything so
anyways so you have no idea how many
times something has built it's always
vinegar because vinegar is always like
the smelliest thing
so of course vinegar is the thing that
spills
just great yeah that really sucks it
happens the other day wouldn't it was
founded Friday Friday and it was so
embarrassing because it was right before
my my mom and sisters and everybody was
coming over and I was trying to reach
through and I was grabbing the wrap and
I just grabbed them and I pulled them
out in the vinegar fell over and smashed
all over the floor right here and I was
like I thought I was gonna cry because
you know when you feel like people
coming over and if you're anything like
me get really stressed and I was like oh
my god and then Jonathan came down and
he was very nice because he cleaned it
all up because he knew I was like while
I was cooking dinner so I couldn't
really do anything about it but he
helped me out he send it all up but this
exact same thing happened to him before
when he was he was doing something or
grabbing something and the that this hit
was about sonic fan he was expensive
vinegar too I was really upset and it
was like a whole a whole bottle of it so
annoying but when he spilled it it was
like white wine vinegar or apple side
apple cider vinegar so the ones that it
was so annoying like I swear we must
spend so much money on vinegar that even
noticing it was that even knowing it
because of how many times things spilled
all over the floor and then our heads of
course smell like stink of vinegar when
my mom and sisters came to the bar
I'm gonna make this kind of healthy
because I'm going to put in some fresh
cherry tomatoes and I'm going to put in
some flat leaf parsley as well
and this paste oh is like my favorite
it's really really good the second one
my mom likes on us all when she uses two
so it must be good doing okay seen us
looking at okay now earlier on there
were just like okay you're standing
there but if they're not asking to come
in yeah usually they do that but I just
looked it and they're both just standing
there
did you do your peepee oh my god one of
the balloons pops it was yesterday it
was behind the fridge or the freezer and
I opened it and it totally popped like
that's it right there
um I'm like I got such a fright it was
horrible that's the only reason they
hate balloons they hate with improper I
can't stand it it always gives me such a
fright so it's not over chopped and
everything is kind of ready passive
homes done actually it's done and look
look how cute
alrighty handle and no candles
except the people and everything alright
cute it's ready to do this
oh it all steamed up and now I'm gonna
put some pace to room we also have some
part of them which is very important so
I'm gonna serves out now okay are we
okay
you're very low on water and to give
some drinkies video killed the radio
star in my mind that in my heart and
they don't know am i come to art that's
been one of those days guys candlelit
dinners surfer is smudging along rashly
what's going on outside a minor girl
what's that what's that
so we're just gonna watching TV dude in
there it's a Sunday guys a silly silly
Sunday and we're in trimester to
everything is better trimester to tell
him wait to see trimester trade I swear
to god I'm gonna be huge in air like
dilemma guys here's the thing right do I
go back to the local shop which I can
just walk through really quickly okay
but then they've only got like one
employee isn't it a little bit one
employee he's like always there all the
time was his expressions that'll look
and just he's just you know he's
touching you he is a lovely dad eyes a
lovely guy eyes she's great I was there
last night
circus like I was there last night I got
the Maltese inside a monkey toys I again
one of all teachers and hunky-dory but
if I go back there tonight and he's like
always the only one there
look and with judgemental Heinz nuclei
like Oh getting them again I said that I
was like why don't you feel like really
big and pregnancies like it was like
he's walking me like oh this second
trimester oh my goodness could we drive
should we drive no our way or they don't
know us no you guys ever been at Palermo
we were like you know I did there is to
be judged you know he is you know that
he knows us cuz we go every night like
and he's like oh the dark situation oh
yeah daddy get the bundage you guys have
been that situation what decision had
you make did you go because I think
we're just gonna go and take take the
judgment take my judgments be judged at
face value oh goodness
Purple's in my life guys it has been a
while it has been quite some time since
we've gone on a crazy Craver things
crazy crazy video sorry baby
life in my hand
mm-hmm so a little is crazy Craver sins
tell the way you want
how are your craving hey got a
production value here to uphold tell
them what's what you're craving for me
have to your my excuse shamrock a
shamrock shake what happened how did you
all of a sudden want a shamrock here my
friends leave us your top laner backers
I don't know if it that yeah here I
checked online and they said yes but see
I haven't seen her hair Duran like that
you know since then I know it's
definitely it in March but in America
launched like Mobley or nationally
on the eighth on the eighth if you guys
had a sham shake yet okay let's get the
shoes on guys
it is sham shake time this is not a sham
blog oh my goodness I got laid and
archit it's just like no one around this
is like a ghost town there's nothing
around here
wait hold your breath guys as we come
around the corner I always open it's
like the only thing that's ever open
around here I'm just people there
there's always people there it's always
open and there's always people there's a
queue now all of a sudden you see me
sighs the charm shakes I'm sorry I'll be
whoa whoa whoa whoa slow down slow down
eyes is doing oh sorry wrong window one
window
it's vulnerable there's a lot of Blues a
lot of buttons to press okay
no there's no talk of it there's no talk
of ICH there's no talk of igneous
there's jobs
do you guys have this sham shake we
don't want a cute anymore oh you don't
do it anymore because it's not the
shamrock shake guys no you know like a
few moments ago just just around that
corner we had so much hope yeah but I
kind of knew because there's like no
signs anyway there's no signs anger you
know he said oh we don't do that in
Ireland anymore you don't do that in art
it's called a shamrock shake it's green
since you keep calling it a sham shape
you're getting your num-nums soon you
were really good didn't even bark at
anybody fascist hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
