one of my lovely neighbors is having a
Barbie - I can smell it up Packers push
it's upstairs smells like somebody is
giving a sausage or something
I want it so much are we all doing today
a little thing this morning this
Saturday mornings than you one of you
DPS terms and conditions apply
I'm hungry what's that I might just go
ahead and do that you crazy cats I
bought out I brought carrots and
parsnips Cleveland I am add an extra
booster pole I don't know why see I'm
not a big fan of you y'all you know so I
don't know if I'm gonna head in y'all to
do mix you know oh yeah where's my
where's my bowl what you need to do is
get the biggest bowl you can find but
you even start a fall oh it's hot that's
like we calling the pot black oh no it's
the capital white yeah kettles red block
all right yeah I put it yeah yeah it's
boiling water isn't it sometimes you
forget you're somebody so it's making
soup is so complicated it's like boil
the water add the oXXO put it in the
carrots and potatoes boil it dice it eat
it that's so complicated it's so
complicated look I don't either I should
write that down
now she right now we've also reached it
it's sort a small a bit of a conundrum
right this is too full like it's
actually jam-packed oh my God look at
this right chocolate cream Oreos oh my
god this is amazing
the inside is made of chocolate like
this is these are ones I love the double
stuff right because they've got like the
inside of white and then
I saw this ting chocolate favorite
sandwich biscuit it's got chocolate on
the inside what what the fracture so I'm
thinking oh we need to start like
merging into a new shelf like a new area
because this is just too jammed packed
right then you guys are forgot to that
point where you're kind of like oh my
goodness like we're actually doing so
well I'm stocking open the basics that
we're actually gonna happen you name in
got like a new shelf area although we
probably won't win that little panko guy
comes out won't they do then you throw a
little credit area put their feelings
stuff or you take up a room we were to
go and write their own house
what IH kind of kicks out or connect
leave me I'm a job or her job of course
you did cuz I mentioned it before
something what is it
ah it's just Maximus noses that's it
just had to order oh wait second thought
that in Boop at the water job done this
is what we're going over here this one
also guys look I got the little potato
I'll actually like you know the baby
potatoes because I personally like skin
on potatoes you know what are you doing
to roosters they're like you know it's
got all the mud and they're big thick
skin so I was like not feeling that mama
Papa man but I got these ins because I
was like I prefer the potato with the
skin so this way I'll just like put them
like one or two times and they're just
and today we're adding the big lump of
celery sorry what you made my nose is
big are you mocking me it's funny huh
sweet DM the parsonage smells it
security good like it's very similar cab
it's kind of sweeter so so far we've got
the carrot parsnip and I'm gonna add
some spring onions and some not so
springy onion excited yeah let me just
try and add a little bit cuz I saw some
people were suggesting to add some onion
and I know I don't particularly like I
need away that right out raw but I know
it does actually add flavor and stuff
and I'll told you spring onion because
well as those within the fridge so I
guess I'll just put it in alrighty then
so I might just actually put in case
you're wondering why is all this in this
when I'm gonna cook it in here this is
for washing I've just actually brought
chopped everything in here just put them
over there and wash them first I didn't
want to like obviously wash them
individually so like that was such a
waste of time times water conserve the
water peeps so I'm gonna pop all the
onions here i finely diced it up so by
the time it actually gets to me it'll be
like so finely diced up I don't even
notice it so I'm gonna dump the onion in
here now because the the broth is coming
along nicely smells amazing it's
actually a smelling it's not on a
barbecue next door so I'm feeling good
in my vegetable soup and here we have it
Joe fester super temp number two Oh a
condensation there so on let's see how
this one works out pretty excited to
taste it if it tastes anything like that
last one it's very amazing put on the
lid the CIO's now and now we just wait
well we kind of clean up a little bit we
clean up a little bit we should put that
back that's not right
oh my god I should have wondered in your
eyes that watering when I was cutting
the onions and you guys immune to that
chopping up the onion to them so like me
mama star lies somewhere and if you just
all chatting away it's over and all of a
sudden it was like
you just cut an onion my eyes would be
tearing up to my wild days my mad
existence you got I missed your cue you
missed your cue you're supposed to come
in and up it and you guys know the name
of that musical leave me a comment oh
and you will win this one spoon it's a
little bit burnt a little bit shaped on
the edges but um it's a pretty good
wooden spoon which I'm going to go and
beat the dogs with right now what is the
problem what's the problem what's the
problem huh what's the problem what you
major malfunction hmm hmm what you major
malfunction
huh look your slapping a bump that's my
mom would do it slapping the bum nice
back inside Julie a little bit chewy but
a little bit nice just for people do you
think that the Irish people complain too
much about the weather itself I just
wanted to show you just because as you
know a moment ago I was that's not
that's not good enough
come on Abbey let's just show them
because normally go I was making the
soup and I ran outside after audience
sing that in the glorious sunshine
chasing the dogs okay look at this now
okay just so there's any burglars
it is hail stoning it's actually hail
stoning right now look at the sky is
help stoning like what the heck like
that's insane and even though if the
camera picks that up like can you see
our little hailstones
using them pick them up I don't even
know if the cameras picking up my
justification here but I just wanted to
say that that is how insane
the weather is because the soup isn't
even made and it went from sunny to
mental in a time that it takes to make
soup what a fun country we live in
what a fun country indeed I feel so much
better today like this is probably today
and yesterday I feel like I just felt so
much better and I think I know I'm lying
because I think I'm calling about yeah I
am I think I'm about 12 weeks now so
this is officially like a second
trimester so I feel like so much more
energy I got up this morning and I was
like so motivated I was like we're gonna
go for a walk today like we've been
going for walks every day for the last
like well like two days but remember how
last week we tried and I was like dead
after and now I'm not anymore
I actually feel like Rudy energised
afterwards and I don't feel like I'm
gonna die so I'm really happy but I
thought I feel like pretty good about
that and I felt really motivated and I
was like you know I made my video and I
was like not exhausted the whole time
you know and then you know I just feel
like have so much more energy and
everybody said that or like my mom said
that to me she was like you know you're
gonna get more energy in the second
trimester like don't worry and stuff so
it really is true I I just feel like so
much better today and I'm so happy that
I got my energy back like yes we did
speak about nine hours last night which
definitely helped but um yeah you have
my energy back so um javis made some
soup mm-hmm I love chunky soup so I'm
gonna have that for my lunch and I might
even I might even take a Christmas ball
you know this
but that was nice because I could smell
it like when I was making a video how I
call this the yummy food being me so um
I feel so motivated I feel like yeah I'm
gonna run marathon
cut to the next clip where I'm like but
no I just feel so so good I feel like so
energized just column is the whole look
at this
my pants are open I can't wear any of my
skinny jeans anymore with that the
button being open it's not like the back
or the hips or anything it's like my
tummy and I don't feel like it's a good
thing to have you know the baby be like
um you know something be like hitting
off it or like would you call it not
hitting off it digging into it is the
words I'm looking for um yeah so I feel
like that's not really a good thing so
that's why I just I'm just gonna wear it
open until I get some maternity jeans
but I saw some really cute ones on a
stop so I'm gonna get them I saw
something like really really cute like
skinny jeans one and then you can get
like whatever style you want and it just
has like um elastic around the waist so
that's cool so I'm gonna have my stoop
now because I'm really hungry and it's
kinda late it's like 3:00 but I don't
care yeah I already took my oh okay
can I have some soup yes we got a bonus
parking spot look just let them straight
into the walk quite going going off you
go
see you later have a fun walk without us
bye
about them oh my god it's so close right
let's go go I love your new jacket
it's so awesome I'm so jealous I want it
I want it can I steal it will it fit me
oh god sorry I didn't see you
sorry oh damn a shiny new shoes I didn't
see you sorry I have my reverse lights
on notice not happen we walk backwards
like reverse lights mm-hmm goodbye
Saxena yeah stick stick hear what you
hear
okay
he's just looking at me with this thing
don't make my life good old Saturday
what is your fresh air huh what is that
it is got a really long weekend so white
and black where's the birdie come on
it's freezing cold
she's got to stay I see lots of
interesting mistake mistake receive
anyone notices mommy
good what
come with me oh no oh no limbs it's a no
Liam situation okay fine Gemma Gemma hmm
Hey
I found you
you know that's really tiny very yeah we
like that place so cool
Bren get this done it's so nice
coming down ain't going down till the
Sun comes up pick them up the Devon was
that Sango I was like to get a song I'm
gonna go six forgotten Saturday before
solutions on a weight comes around again
let's go Brooke Sam he goes really
really fast today the spokes on a lame
horse blade used to know it all that's
what I was cool cool look it's almost
gone
oh it's gone yeah we're carrying a son
something you know it's a coal sunset
that's because the Sun is setting so Sun
setting on this day yeah
no sunny have some sunny hand Sun good
hailstone any minute now the exciting
adventure of Irish weather she won't be
an amazing invention write an app on
your smartphone that connects us both
our dogs like microchipped so the app
connects to the chip and creates a
virtual Petter device that helps them in
and you can set like a boundary around
you that they can't go ahead further or
when you want him to stop you can just
press it you know maybe an amazing
device like there's some sort of
wireless lead where to leave you just
press a button and a create select stop
but something not like I like you know
the fantasies at the moment I have that
like sonic burst or the ping or a spray
or something like something else really
like gentle on them you know that feels
just like a normal lead but I'd be an
amazing invention I press my app reel
them in cuz sometimes like when the big
dogs come or something I need to just
like control them
you know like see this fine line
sometimes out because you just don't
know he gets like nervous and dogs and
then the other dog could react and they
are animals so they are kind of slightly
unpredictable that 1% the obvious I'm
sorry Cocina is so oblivious to the dogs
really you know but just but sometimes
you need to just go up with the lead on
like what happened then you have to go
and connect the lead but they ask get
them to stop and something I was just so
easy to just like press the button and
just kind of I don't know something
being amazing
I should like Payton that idea even know
it does not exist I should pique knit
like a royalty under create a copyright
or something so we're actually making
chili con carne what like sense a car
Nick that's not a lot
I mean carne we just meat so we're
making it with this coin mints cuz we
really want to try this we got this ages
ago
and I know we had corn yesterday but it
was the chicken one so we're gonna try
making chili
anyways so what we're gonna do if I have
my ingredients I just kind of found this
recipe online but it's kind of easy like
it's kind of a no-brainer it's just like
a chili recipe and it's kind of basic
except that you substitute in the corn
mint instead of the other one like the
normal meat I have never liked red meat
anyway so I actually never really liked
chili about much because of that because
it always kind of made me feel sick
after this is party going to be nice
okay so what we're going to do is I have
some brown rice I know it's super dark
here is really annoying some olive oil
which I'm going to put into my pan right
now I have veggies chopped up red pepper
two carrots chili powder obviously onion
kidney beans chopped tomatoes and the
appointment and that's it so it's super
easy
Owen like salt and pepper obviously
super easy and just going to measure two
tablespoons of this and then put here
which this actually heats up pretty fast
which is good and then we're gonna add
in the onion and use spatula for this
all right this is actually Jonathan
spatula put it well I mean world Adam
chair in his head but he was given this
for his birthday last year it says hot
stuff on it it's kind of cute
I don't know if you can see anything
right now cuz it's so dark in here it's
cuz those that bell went and it's the
one globe that's over me so that's great
and this actually isn't even a hole I
didn't but it's most it's like
two-thirds of my name is Jonathan use
some in the soup today he's so funny
when I first met Don and he did not eat
like anybody I'm using was like a huge
no more for him so now when I see him
like trying it out and like it happened
he was like put them into the soup
themself but it's funny cuz I know that
he's like a little bit scared of it
still cuz he only took place and third I
think people are leaning and then just
look this Laver it do it but some people
don't like them it gives you bad breath
not heard that garlic makes your eyes
water
alright
we are gonna put off for a while
up to boil water or I can see you guys
okay so what some water would be right
we're using full rewrite because it's
12:00 at night you know because it's
healthy so that way and um I have been
trying to eat more whole grains because
of a little thing called well it's
healthier anyway but like I'm actually
gonna have any more what
when you're pregnant one of the symptoms
in the first time I'm not sure but
afterwards I can't remember I don't have
any more but I did a little bit one of
the symptoms for the first trimester
anyways is constipation I know it's
gross and probably TMI and everything
but it's just fact
so they always say and their own stress
in like all the baby books and magazines
and everything that you should eat whole
grains to counteract that so that's also
on the reasons why I have been like just
trying to eat more whole grains
I don't anybody wants to be puns to pay
it okay so that looks really nice right
about now no I think they had in the
other veggies I'm gonna struggle bucks
right
yeah oh I was like what's missing woman
together our boobs okay
we're gonna do that and then Matt when
the toilet
when the kettles boiled cuz it's really
loud I'm going okay so the chili there's
a ton of it because it's like four four
people and then so what does it say in
the recipe I think four oh four to six
there's a lot of it um but yeah so we're
definitely gonna have leftovers and then
I did just enough rice for two so that's
fine yeah so it's it's not really good I
used like two teaspoons like full
teaspoons of chili so it's probably
gonna be quite hot which I like and
Jonathan when you like spicy as well so
yeah that's what it looks like and it
looks exactly like real meat like it's
so weird isn't it so that's almost done
the rice just has about 2 minutes left
so I'm going to put it out on the plate
and show those fists but I've made this
he's so skeptical of the ornaments he
thinks it's like but look it's not this
vestments ever award it must be good hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
