so on our way to one on our way right
now on your so home to the PIO box and
don't judge anything but don't worry
leggings pants I don't want to care
because nothing like all of my jeans are
like not this is no no they don't fit
anymore and they fit but they're not
comfortable so I'm just not even gonna
go there um so yeah I'm wearing my
leggings as pants and my shirt isn't
even really long enough to really
justify that so don't judge okay
Friday Friday for a summer wedding are
we just bad enough right Friday if you
guys are wearing red checkered shirt on
a Friday leave me a comment and we are
twinsies OHS I think it's just checks
shirt I don't think it's checkered you
check her do something else is a
checkered flag I don't know I know in
America they say plaid why okay let's
see what I know this nail because it's
family Friday to figure out what I'm
gonna make
we had salmon last night so we can't
really have fish again so I'm gonna have
to figure this one out on my own
oh you guys probably don't even remember
this if you just started watching
recently tone or tongue but basically
the place that we started vlog no we did
serve on you
place that we vlog for the market in
place where we got like where Jonathan
proposed to me and all that stuff
place where we work for the majority of
the vlogs of like the first year at
least was this like three-bedroom
apartment I was marked like duplex
thingy and we lived there for a year and
paid rent every month on time and kept
it that you would see from the vlogs
like we kept it really clean and
everything well we also had like three
monthly inspections every time and they
never had any problems any issues the
last inspection I think was the month
before we laughter like a couple of days
before we left anyway and he didn't say
anything next thing we move out
they were like very like I don't know
they didn't really communicate with us
at all when we were moving it was kind
of weird and then we got this phone call
afterwards telling us that the place we
filmed like cleaning the place and
everything they told us basically that
the place had been left in like
disgusting conditions and that we
wouldn't the couches needed to be
replaced and all this like total BS and
they told us that we weren't going to
get our deposit back
which was such a shame because we had
paid rent on time every single one we
have no issues there like everything was
paid upfront the bills everything like
was you know up to date so yeah they
were basically hey hold so this is what
we just got today months later but we
knew it would take a long time so we
sent a dispute to the PRT B which is the
private residential weird residential
tenancy board and basically we just we
applied for like adjudication for the
case because we have a video of when we
moved out because obviously a vlog every
single days have a video when we moved
out and Jonathan did a run through the
whole house and okay we don't have
pictures to back us up that's the only
downfall we should have taken pictures
and they are claiming that they have
pictures to say that everything was
damaged
well they didn't walk through with us
and you know if they want to submit
those pictures of evidence they really
can't because we weren't there so they
could have jingles which was at any time
so we've kind of made like I sent in an
application I said everything I had to
say and they have just this is basically
the receipt of our application and they
said that in the next coming months it's
going to like go through and if we don't
have changed your mind or anything like
to you know contact that if not don't
talk from September to February no
November oh yeah we moved out in
September oh yeah I'm we writing them
and speed started with first we went to
the tenancy board yeah treshold I think
what I'm owed that mostly I'd love to
see because that arrived to them as well
today yeah because I would have doubled
that out like today they would have got
that this morning and choice is like and
they worry what it's all like crap they
thought it would go away because now now
it's an official legal document it's
going into a court it's B file like and
they're going to be summoned along with
us like you know so you know and it's a
public court so everything gets like
published under finding so you know we
we it goes in our favor it'll be
published against them that you know
that's the kind of operation they have
I am stay tuned I'm gonna see how it
works out here in a while but I can
smell when you guys go back to the car I
might find interesting
go crazy yeah it's called constant
coffee it's not caustic you mind speech
in your app this is jam-packed is today
I think it's because everyone's I'm like
midterm so like everyone says like
hanging around with this like so close
is it nice you like composing like
vomiting Jack Bauer everywhere everybody
gonna be wired to the moon no because I
noticed that if I really have my coffee
in the morning event today
no I'm just always wired no I know but
you don't have it in the morning oh wait
this gives you to see you address that
way what we don't have your part but
your addiction you can comment some raps
seriously like I know this is just some
like little cafe that was amazing well
the only thing I do like a better price
right no I like when you go to some
right that and you get like a little
know if you crisps or something on the
side
their trick they don't they don't you to
salvage you beat them yeah I kind of
like that day you know I like to
an American you're like I know where
that started Brian it's always a Brian
no I worked in the Ryan's like years ago
I know I was part of you like take a
hand for a long time can you what can
you put candy and sweets if you a
neighbor come and help when you if
you've ever had Christmas delivery your
size or if you have not or when was the
first time that you noticed and we will
want we will find the global trend is
that I or what year is that what you're
95 you can experience in your country
other times the you breakfast sandwich
you become an
we're getting to the bottom of this
don't force investigates so we're gonna
make one five key taps for keep us yeah
like a tree
I don't know I'm dirty right when the
other one thirty one of like a full
clean pack that's why I put in it
scallops peppers chilies garlic Oh
ginger Arbor jeans you want but Superman
whoa we get loads it
travefy key we have regular onion what
talks we don't with it yeah I know
that's remember these hands do you ever
have those hands near a kid come on
cookie okay
first someone said that we're talking
about a few today I like we never he'd
like processed meter and then I put them
back in a day you said like smiley and
then stuff like that you guys never have
that is he yummy okay and for the
naysayers in the bunch
just to know we are not in Tesco so we
didn't actually go to Tesco yet you know
like we'll be there it'll be a full week
boo the fearless OOP the to no good too
- I already have one put your euros feel
like 350 in Cisco no no I don't like the
idea of the min we have I know but I
like to ate ate a chicken and just to
mince some things and it's kind of
scares me a little bit on nice edge we
have that get this out someone standing
nicest go and and and end on yeah nicest
ones I made you get six good double it
love it
you guys ever have stalkers face we like
tacos no jungler Tom never see tacos are
tasty I like tasty tacos i'ma call
fajitas are amazing as well I don't know
about the chicken tacos I bet he does I
got really narrow our neighborhoods oh
my gosh
so like I'm gonna try but I'm talking
about this farm that on okay would you
love me more if I talks like that would
you
which one again mmm
waters oh my god I feel like I would I
wouldn't have given up there you cool
the was amazing that were together we
supposed to tap nachos I'm addicted to
nachos guys and I think it's not just
III I forgot what they taste like I
forgot her but they weren't at Pizza
Hut's that mean um I was like they
haven't yours like I snuck chocolate
Philadelphia waiting yeah do it
frozen yogurt I've never seen frozen
yogurt in a pot like that before I got
four new things I'm using my tower come
save long Bonjour cream whatever does it
look like
was all about guys just you and me and
some oh here all right let's mascarpone
that's different is it Bree Bree van de
Kamp so look you always did so much
stuff the amount of clothes you have
we got some cards and stuff guys
I try to keep it going
can you open it for me thanks thanks a
bunny
thanks a bunch not the little clothes
but I think they have too little tipped
ends so you can use your phone or
something maybe on them yeah but nothing
that reverse look work for your
touchscreen device that's that until
Peas happy happy birthday
it's reading 97 feel like I know what do
you feel the paper like whoa that's like
that's like high class high class paper
she's a high cash cow Sophie the high
cash cow
joke this got a birthday card from a
hobo from I get sad he's always leaving
comments on Twitter and on Facebook your
awesome Valentine's card slips a little
her from my belly me
Ayumi is that my valentine card frame
they're showing Deirdre oh and she sent
this fruit you're expecting in the movie
hey we got this card before and I've
seen that picture of Google as well it
must be a pup it must be a popular
picture for like mom she'll accident no
paper we also get some chocolate oh oh
yeah from Poland for land chest chin
dowry
JimBob great
oh nice
eurozone only know that says shuttled me
mmm-hmm
looks pretty darn tasty that's gonna be
a tasty treat that's it and I got like a
mountain of clothes as usual I should
set up a beauty fashion channel and be
fashion of yours
oh yeah it's quick update um you know
that UCC thing that I was to go in and
be doing I'm not doing that anymore so
if you actually fought to I hope you
didn't buy ticket for it expecting to
see me an aeroplane go if you want to go
but I won't be at it I won't be doing
anything at it so don't go to it if
you're going to see me
I don't think about have to attain oh I
went to see you then you weren't there
but no sorry I'm anything to think of it
anymore so I'm just a little fYI fYI I
think we're gonna go on a walk do I want
to go and walk do we are we are we
excited I think we are because their
weather is probably changeable okay so
it's kind of raining it's grating a
little man you know slightly over there
okay oh oh when am I feel better when we
get to walk in no thank you cuz they're
gonna sit master minecraft arrested
today it's important to get the exercise
in how is the game oh he's the game
where is he they're so good company
Gavin I can't even his own though she
ran back the other way like and he was
like he was walking it wouldn't look
like drink drink lemonade please
oh no oh no
oh no oh goodness guys it is that it is
raining now
it is raining profusely I know when the
trees are over there all we have to just
get to the trees everything will be okay
come on come on come on no peeing at the
bin there's no time for being at Billy's
oh my god somebody in our park must have
gotten a new dog because I swear this
dog has been barking like all day and
it's driving obviously not bananas like
I'll be insane I don't usually like they
don't bark unless they're provoked or
something if they see somebody like run
past the house or something but like
every time they go ahead excited to go
to the toilet they start barking because
this dog is just like constantly barking
like constantly like so I think somebody
must have gotten a new dog um it doesn't
really bother me at all like I don't
really care if your block is barking so
long it quick it's kind of it's not that
close so it's okay but what bothers me
we can't let them out without barking
but then barking and then I'm like okay
I don't want to get in trouble isn't my
dog so oh I wish the dog was barking so
um well good smell I'm making it's only
Friday I'm making fajitas we're making
veggie fajitas and we're using this fake
chicken butt corn so I'm using tons of
veggies peppers spring onions normal
onion they're not included we just don't
have space for them and that's it I
think yeah I think that's it so let's
see how this goes and then I got some
whole meal wraps for me cuz I'm gonna
eat more whole grains and I got some
just like plain ones or no I got the
tomato one answers this awesome ones so
that's cool oh and then I got some creme
fraiche as well as I didn't have sour
cream so I got creme fraiche instead so
my mom and sisters are out of film they
want to see the descendant
and they asked me if I'm going to go
along I didn't really want to go see
that movie so I said no but yeah so it's
kind of hard to like figure out I think
the film ends at like 10 past 8:00 it's
now about 8 o'clock so I'm just getting
it started because this isn't gonna take
very long so it's kind of hard to like
determine when they're gonna be here or
not but I hate that this doesn't work
anymore this late so annoying
anyways I'm gonna get going on the
dinner and I'll show you guys what it
turns out like my thing he does oh my
god if only we had smell-o-vision it
smells so good but my eyes are burning
up because but here's what I get in
there I like a lot of onion and I'm
multitasking right now because I'm
uploading my video and it's not 99% so
I'm babysitting this video and trying to
get them to read it same thing so yeah
um it's a quarter past eight so I'm
really not sure like I said when they're
gonna come over but oh god please don't
burn but yeah maybe let's trim this down
a little bit actually the lowest heat I
just let it marinate for a bit have the
table pretty much set I just need to put
out napkins and some other stuff I
didn't light the candle
there's scene over there nice Nina and
you and then I'm gonna get the fig eat
us in the oven well I don't wanna do
that yet until I come and then for this
night cream we have some cheese as well
actually that might be good cheese maybe
I'll give people the option of doing
seraffimo cheese that's actually pretty
good idea
what brought forgot our guests fraud
orderly crap that's so cool imagine
doors like in oh my god oh my god
there's to win each wage so nice so soft
you guys like that mm-hmm
they're like oh yeah two blades he'll be
did you get your plate right right right
right right right you go or maybe the
top one blue boxes oh my god it's just
coffee
this is mean Ricky's one that's your one
you to shout out when this is our one
Aziz hey guys thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
