so I'm sitting here in my little cave as
Jonathan attempts to make soup but
before he does I was like you need to
clean the stove cuz when jovis cleans up
after hours he did not tend to see
things very well so he does the washing
up he never wipes the can understand and
then I and swinging the stove was like
covered and then I do your laundry and I
clean your bathrooms and I dust and
what's this laundry here then how was
that done Oh first time that's funny why
the first time I've been wearing clean
clothes for money so that was my reason
he's angry because he always has to do
one chore and a washer clean up after
dinner making a soup I have in my life
what which is my pet abroad with my math
drama tomorrow Apple
no worries at the Avila I just cleaned
up all your videos so I'm just gonna
laughs Oh anyway I have not what the
hell is so gonna be rated you know we
need to vacuum this is our regular good
I'm coming
we need to thank you
something happens later today do the
pins me take naps in like five years
I need to dust at some point but that's
the later that's like not as important
that's like every time you vacuum vacuum
like one little square the entire living
room but look this place doesn't mean
vacuumed in the bed five teen years he
loved us patrol and then the toilets
probably need to be actually I keep them
pretty clean yeah we use one toilet
usually so that's one that needs to be
clean and then the bands are pretty
important because I'm not even going to
show you in there the recycling needs to
be done and I need to tidy my room it's
gotten like I've just gotten so lazy
apparentiy makes me so lazy it makes me
not want to do anything ever so I'm
looking forward to the nesting period
which is like at the end or you start
cleaning every thinking like tidying up
everything that is yes obviously we I
never eat at this table yeah it's
actually nice but there's all this junk
everywhere it's like the junk table now
oh the baby changing Rosie well yeah
when we have our baby we'll put it here
actually because with a highchair and
everything Karenina yeah we found a nice
creepy yesterday more than I like so
underneath this now we're in a good
okely-dokely so this is what we've got
done so far right so I chopped up diced
up the players and the carrots
well they're leftover doodly dupes I was
thinking maybe I should like to hear the
salad days cuz I don't wouldn't have to
feel them like I'm just like chocolate
blocked a min does me little stock in
there hello it's a use 450 I'm just
gonna go ahead and add loads more
because it's not gonna work if I add all
this stuff in here now and it's just
under so dilute it way too much you know
and this is what I'm using by the way
whoo more stock but I don't I am I don't
had a second one in so just go to the
one in there and then dump all this in
there and then boil it up I suppose and
then hopefully it works out mine I had
some parsley that's what I was thinking
emotionally cuz you're over the soup
cheese absorb it's a Parsi floating
around as you control that should
consult the instructions all right okay
so I have washed the vegetables their
own like some washed and fresh and we're
gonna plop them in here now which is
under fire at the moment
oh yeah nice or just plenty of water
actually and but I'm sure it out as they
cook to the probably like absorb mustard
or water into it look at the carrots
float but the potatoes think oh this is
so cool okay like don't know chicken or
something put in there
all right this is my first to achieve my
I get this bad boy up here yeah I'll
leave a little bit hurt
it might get a bit too crazy but I am
yeah that should make me okay so the
Taira the potatoes are definitely done
um just waiting on the carrots now they
don't seem to uh they seem to be a lot
thicker still but the other thing is
that unless suggested doing this it's
what Anna's mom always does which is
when it's all done like you just dice it
cuz I thought I was just gonna eat it
all lumpy and stuff but I suppose if I
guide stuff then it'll be more like this
a pea soup I suppose at the end we'll
find out in a few minutes cuz it's
almost ready
so excited it smells so amazing it's
like all this house just smells now like
fresh new doesn't it yeah I think you
know mom's house it's like a mom and a
proper arm is a clean on the
floor pretty alright the device is ready
we go on to I put it on to
Oh
all right look at this guy's
oh my goodness
soup I made soup pea soup oh my god it's
so awesome
oh yeah and it's really thick and all
cuz I thought it's gonna be all watery
you know cuz I like my seat to be nice
and thick like the one I normally make
I'm so excited to eat this now yum yum
and it was the perfect imagine it's
actually the perfect amount to make for
me anyway like there might be too much
for some people okay oh my god
as amazing it's so tasty as wait he
stood in this soup IO normally make why
didn't somebody tell me about this years
ago oh my god that's like I just I just
realized you could mix it's like you
don't even like your nose organic
farmers market places and you get like a
soup that's what it tastes like and it's
so easy it's kind of like juicing
actually maybe that's what you do in the
summer and you do the juicing and in the
winter you make the soup ins eat away
it's like I'm just about to eat like I
think he use like four carrots and four
potatoes than that
plus the stop so that's pretty good I
suppose maybe you can start adding some
new more interesting because I got a few
extra they got the tree I think on that
letter that person sent the letter and
then someone sent me some on Facebook as
well so I never look into them as well
it's my new thing now I'm a soup maker
we're all a funnel walkies
Maggie walkie walkies stay stay for
freedom Bobby come on let's enjoy this
because it looks like it's going to come
to a dramatic end very soon I know yeah
we have not been ever you Nina and
if I got week of it but it's waned like
every single day mom was a bit like
sleeping all day guys speak okay cuz a
pump yeah I put on my blog yeah because
I take the pictures of the second I took
the picture oh my god this is going to
be fun this is going to be a fun time
but quickly before we get there yeah we
took the bunch out today and we were
like hello like who the clear bomb
just got it so cool is this the week the
white dog meter buzz it
dude right on the village it's like just
it's so pretty
are they from the same like family or
two sisters she's gonna crazy which is
under crazy
Mikey's live in London Alvey would never
ever want to do exercise no when we are
tiny walk and get so fed up yokas needs
to live on the Thames so our our
apartment was like over over the Thames
down in near Greenwich and to walk along
the Thames and the past a bit and you
just like you just sit on the ground and
you'd be just like dragging him along
and there's even pictures of me remember
when I brought one of my mom and Emma
Nair came over and like I brought them
out just like I ran the kind of complex
yeah yeah yeah I know that's like not a
long walk no yeah no but there is a
little grass thing behind the gym in the
middle where the concierge was and
that's where we first start out of the
off the lead yeah we are doing the old
slice Rooney hair if we told him about
this gentleman before did he so the guy
over there I think he just spotted us
but he owns two huge dog stars lovely
now but it's one of those situations
where you get stuck with him
he has told us the same stories he
actually proceeded to clean their ears
last time she remember and he was just
like pulling her hair he doesn't get
stuck they don't like sitting around
yeah yeah this dog looks big they make
noises and you just keep someone rope he
just keeps my rugs so we're gonna just
do a quick he's looking over I know what
what's that oh hey my mom's calling I've
got to go in you guys ever be in that
situation sketch guys you can open it
actually the hotness can you guys see
can you guys see if he's there who
became at quantity walk rookie he'd
obviously walked around the other way to
kind of con us so we're going to my
mom's house for dinner I think my
sister's cooking is great actually I
don't care who cooks it's always great
um I think she's making salmon is yummy
and um I am exhausted after that walk
whoo I feel like all my energy has just
been a dream to me that's what I don't
like about going for walks I really
enjoy them and then like I just feel
like all my energy is stopped at me I
don't feel so bad because before like
last week when we started going for all
those walks there was like this cutoff
point it's just basically like the same
walk but there was a different cutoff
point and then we turn around there and
it was way too much for me it was like I
think 40 or 50 minute walk total and it
was just way too much and I felt like I
couldn't physically do anything for the
rest today this time we didn't go as far
so I don't feel as like drained plus we
did it in the middle of the day so I had
actually gotten all my work done and so
I didn't have to like film or anything
so I wasn't so exhausted but I still had
to edit sorry Joe yeah I still had to
edit so I actually fell asleep
editing
yeah and then of course I was reading
all this stuff online about how if it's
twins it's like double the exhaustion
but don't you think it's twins
I don't know I think just think it's
funny that like every single time we're
trying to do a gender test it's like
both so I just think that we just don't
know what's not the way but they're fun
to do you coming oh wait I'll be
upstairs
let's go we're gonna go to Oma's house
Oh My yes
yeah this nipple here oh my god what's
down here yeah okay that's disgusting
whatever anyways right and everything is
it I don't know no eggs though she said
be there in like my breasts are tender
stop that's like poking you stop it hot
flashes that means you're going here in
menopause
oh my kid for Dobis look what we got for
burn coal hey hey whoo you got in the
wrong color though you're gonna have to
do the panko go craps okay let's test it
come on how about no Pink's my feet
I'm talking about me oh do we get one
each oh uh face yeah scratchy Rooney's
you seem smarter blocky DS they know
look at it makes though wow that's what
I want next Tuesday I want that on my
plate I'm Kenneth Locker
some people like the people in Tesco
realloc non spec crap pan I've better
look at it I might wink look guys this
is what our baby is like look isn't it
weird that is actually - in here - four
limes size of our baby right now and
gold is like that it's a pun coca looks
like in the inside that's seen it mm-hmm
but let there's two of them in here just
reading the comments the three is it
five is it children how many babies now
in heaven same oh nice
it smell really good you guys want some
salmon see mom I'm sorry I may need to
get past their can over oh my good
excuse e oh these flowers a good as a
lime in there you put that into the
coconuts
what's the lime in the coconut come here
to me
yeah looks like a honey I don't know my
dad like him well at the first guy which
is next Thursday so close there'll be
able to tell anyway whether he'll tell
his ex but if it's like
they might say it's an either extremely
musically gifted child or it's six dozen
children whatever it's a full litter is
it loyal ginder mmm pasta win enjoyment
it's like German is it it's got a new
man no matter its German might look to
you like this drawer is completely fine
but if we were to open the drawer this
happens
oh no but um have no fear
so faso's here so fix this up I think
it's all the same yeah I can snaps
they're hanging out there hanging editor
press is here no more hanging out with
the prizes murders okay this particular
task is more difficult with one hand I
maybe even two and now all done nice and
shiny works nice and shady they're both
in Amazon fold
see just don't that like wine
you know bounce off it well I just seems
gonna kick cool yeah cuz the thing was
actually snapped off you can see and
that happened because it was like being
bounced open yeah no no unrest him
seemed okay maybe because that's where I
am the organic penis yeah you know in
all the organic wastes rather
yeah I don't like the molding stuff it's
perfect just for being opened yeah maybe
I get to open the most or something yeah
where and their job done but it read
something up there what are you doing up
there oh oh
she's so cute sorry Miffy you have to
stay here little doggies go hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
