goodness gee macaronis it's taken 500
billion years to make yeah yesterday's
video today's video put Yanks to this
video because I have to put in that bit
from the TV thing and I was like 37 gigs
because I recorded it but that's the
kind of thing I do for you
that's the kind of thing that I do for
you guys can I help you that's awesome
not so much of this poor little thing
here I don't know oh no Liam's also run
out of them my Hawaiian coffee but we
cracked open the second way oh yeah we
had so I currently cruising through that
it's tasting pretty good you gotta have
my midday tea
although couldn't quite close cuz
they're not for I have to get the blocks
done by five in order that their process
distributed blahdy blahdy blahdy and
ready for you guys
actual clock so i'm cuz takes like about
an hour from the pot ones like once it's
uploaded it takes about an hour to just
meet your tea bag thank you
get already in stuff and we're thinking
as well i've got a nose like think about
the desk of thing was actually we did
achieve what we set out to write we have
not actually been in Tesco since the
last time we were there and we said like
this is it we're gonna buy all this food
now we won't come back the desk Oh for a
week
boom achieved I know
we've pretty much ordered food gonna add
two restaurants gone on to get dinner
take what all go to mama stop all of
those things to the completion of our
task but we didn't specify that we would
not do all that we just said wouldn't no
chance to go or pass the challenge what
we need to find though is them your
leaders like takeouts for like Chinese
food you can get four pizzas and take
out for tie and tie or whatever it's
sort of taken for baby food like just
just call pizza baby hut happy baby that
can I guess can I get some warm goop or
some loopy milk that's that's lutely
calling baby baby she called it baby hug
you gotta take away baby food I love
take away poopy milk would be kind of
weird where does it come from
is there organic is the free free range
boobs I don't know I don't know how come
always like the kids ones look at these
like these are like oh yeah I need to
use multivitamins look how much fun they
are oh yeah fun time multivitamins and
then like the grown-up ones like at the
grown-up ones right
I'm so not eating them anyhow look oh
it's so much more there's so much more
than biking there's something in the old
ones like boring lucky yeah did she have
as much fun as you some of them things
up I don't think so
why can't they make like I don't want to
soft and chewy in fine
you ever notice how tasty as well the
kids food is right look at this one here
look lip smacking spaghetti bolognaise
thats so good doesn't it and you guys
are the new mom
who's out there or fathers different is
baby food cousin look always like really
nice you sell pots and stuff like that
like I got she looks really tasty
I don't see it I always thinking like
she looks really tasty and like fun you
know have you ever tasted it what does
it taste like I'm sure I'm sure I'm
going to don't you have to click dip in
and taste it beforehand anyway and did
you ever sometimes dip it in takes it
and then give yourself like a tan color
I think I'll have all of that kid asleep
21st of February excited that are you
excited 21st of February don't want what
not a huge like ones I was after were
dismal which remark since I'm wearing
suspenders but um it's like a building
near us good cheer I can chew your list
like fine behind your list can't hide
your on your list
Angeles shining fruit on your list Irene
is solarium
bananas
we got the onion
we got the bananas
banana onion pie
yeah I don't know about those though I
never get chickens if I don't forget the
yeah perm sunny tomato soup we think
it's safest like when I got one or two
or 20 it crepes top crepes I'm sorry
on purpose like in the air condition
that was so crap
what do you guys put in am pen kogas pen
Colchis and pen and coconut you put a
peanut butter american-style crunchy
peanut butter I've never had peanut
butter in a
over before colonial hood syrup actually
I don't even put syrup in it just jiffy
can get a jiffy join in jiff
grab some sugar and we got you there huh
okay grab underneath things what's the
difference smooth oh yeah
boom smoother crunch you guys pick one
pick one
we need Nutella
he would want to be without now like
it's 24 21st of February so I think I
think what we need to do is we need to
practice every single day until the 21st
sitting on the 21st we make the perfect
pancakes
what about crepes I'll
so well they're gonna be pancake or crap
that's like that's like the difference
between ice cream or the thing in Italy
which is the Italian price cream in cake
play yeah do one enough we have one oh
just there's so much cheaper hair that's
cheese looks like a frankfurter it's
actually cheese
you guys remember when we used to make
frankfurters hotdogs no over there like
frankfurters tumor to frankfurter stage
I was like we had microwave I was like
in our microwave we were so young
stop the presses stop the presses folks
they've gone another chocolate
Philadelphia what what is this what is
this sweet chili okay that's fair enough
like what like chocolate like Philly
blended with delicious milk chocolate 86
calories per eye look Eric 12 is a
sampler
when sample of a thing right oh my god
it is the whole thing now what does that
tell you folks what does that tell you
folks leave me a description in the
comment of what that tells you both okay
I'm going to make soup it's gonna be my
thing should I buy a vegetable stock
like this cuz look it seems to have like
more stuff in it
I don't know either well I buy a chicken
one oh look simple stop
but it's stop it probably gets chicken
it yeah really yeah there's real chicken
we have the cubes of vegetables
toughness okay I guess there's no
difference right I can't remember the
recipe but she did something like steak
in a stock currently specified what kind
of stuff
the different breads I love Nikki but
what's your favorite kind of bread do
you like you like nothing bread and I'm
sure like I do and like seeds and stuff
on it good OCD bread orange even fair
white soft and chewy it's a kind of mood
I mean I want something new I want to
eat a nice tasty treat today something
you know start having eaten before
whenever he needs before but I don't
know you don't excite me they're not
saying don't eat me you know they're not
riddling me with excavators
riddled with excitement excitement
what whoa they sound good I've never
seen them before
let's squash the squash test hey the
squash test is good hold on is that for
all two for three on one this on the
milk you know McVitie's my videos yeah
all the Mike videos what are our options
we have what are you thinking about what
you like is that what you're thinking
home instead of what I like because we
might like my go-to Twix because there's
nothing else Minds if I end up falling
in love with them and then the disk
containing them and then I'll be
heartbroken whereas right now I'm like I
haven't entered their relationship I'm
like flirting I'm flirting with the idea
of going on a date but then I don't know
if like the day it's gonna work out and
then if it does work out all of a enter
long-term relationship and then I'm
gonna be hurting or yeah sigh oh is that
okay
I'm gonna enter the relationship hi
would you like to come to my trolley but
I feel like what I think it's a bring a
friend
well okay okay we'll double date will
double Asia I'm gonna have a double date
guys double a fixes do kumbhak use
double date we're on a double date guys
okay I think I still have actually moved
the key area or there's no T left which
is really hard because I'm kind of a
dirty and yet there doesn't seem to be
any tea
all right
they moved it they moved everything it
shouldn't be allowed to die it shouldn't
be allowed to shoot good morning send
out leaflets do an email campaign before
you just go ahead and new things
come I'll that's what I went that's my
last one spiced apple coming mom should
I go honey and vanilla give me some
suggestions of ones I should try because
I'm all for trying new then you guys it
were bought denied no sauce that you buy
at home and she brought her home and
cooked chicken and put it on your
chicken and then each said chicken and
had the same experience that you have in
Nando's but at the guy walking by with
the little chicken thing I mean serving
you something like is it the same thing
the linemen got a handle on it
they have them all here like but I'm
like is it the same though like is it
the same or like does Nando's use its
own stuff or is this just some sort of a
marketing thing you know but it doesn't
actually taste the same or is it I need
the guy to walk by and give you the
season
you know the experiment let's hug it out
hug it out hug it out like is date night
really
what can I do to make life easier
would you like some mint jelly sorry
me my friends here just are - shooting
shooting - poop there's put on old
Pringles how many go wrong with Pringles
until they charge three euros for a back
away that's ridiculous that's ridiculous
yeah and we were eating them we were
eating them before we got hooked on them
and through a stage
they're very small they made them Stacey
almonds almonds you see elements are
almonds almonds this is what will be
soon
bringing all the stuff down you know
like the cereals have like fun things
and they're fun to them for kids like
the kids gonna make the decision to buy
them so it's like if you really want to
give the kids a really fun cereal right
they should have like the most boringest
hanging on the front like a picture over
like a branch and some fruit and then be
like fruit branches and then all the
parents but oh let's get the kid fruit
branches because it's really healthy for
them but actually inside is like
sugar-coated heaven sugar marshmallow
Marshall or mellows because like I
wouldn't buy my kid these things but
like no way Jose and they just think
it's okay thank you for shopping
investigate on this Jeremy no I think if
they actually had like the fun cereals
in those bags cuz that's the stuff you
buy for your kids you know they'll
they'll be all over here gonna like haha
please what's that
that's nice Quorn we meet again how are
you doing hello and pleased to meet you
that's good something tasty from the
corner section chicken burgers
we can put chicken burgers and wraps
19 chicken burgers their corn burgers
broccoli and escalopes
luzon exciting though I want to trick
myself and to think I'm having a speed
but I'm actually not and that the
altitude fronteira sausages something
smarter you don't
okay I'll make one feel you have to data
yeah
nope well we do actually here for some
snausages peas and snausages
don't scene I caused them it are
different
I don't know you did it again guys they
did it again
lemon fancies for Easter luck Easter
ones oh my goodness Mr Kipling cool how
do you do that included in the deal
right
oh yeah that's a way better deal than
the one I got sucked into him you're on
oh but it's too far away to walk back
and put the other stuff back maybe I'll
just have to go and get this deal as
well what do you think good I got the
raw deal with the Charlie look guy it's
like Christmas here I thought the lights
on man I have back my little thing
thanks a bunch for that thanks a bunch
of roses thank you very much thank you
very very much that guy's looking at me
like oh we're gonna try one of these Oh
old wives tales yeah maybe it's
something to do with the diamonds
the bigger the diamond to better the kid
or something so you tie a knot with your
hair that's really hard
oh you don't tie a knot maybe just hold
it like that I guess hanging out will be
like extremely difficult Oh No
is he a long enough hair okay do I hold
this part no no you do it on audience
building up here okay it has to be
really like and you just basically you
can light a fully no I'll hold it for a
second
uncovered on blunt commend oh yeah what
does that mean
okay so I think a circle is a girl on
her mine isn't boy okay do like that
they're on okay good
what do i do again surplus a boy line is
a girl I think you just hold your hand
there what do you bring I'm sorry okay
because it shouldn't be moving
come on Cena I mean that's twisting it's
wrong he's turning around in circles
what does that mean oh no no no this is
really hard because my hair is like what
take or something
Oh
stop moving okay so you just hold it
like that
it's turning no it's what's it done
no it's turning the opposite way no it's
you're not supposed to look at the
spinning like it's going in a line you
mean back and forth and now it's going
in a circle
oh my god it's twins what happening no
Kitty's right look the line that means
boy all right it's a time boy boy yeah
oh no it's turning no that's not it
that's not it
what's that then that's making a bit of
a circle now oh my God look now it's
going back to normal again
no it's gone Circle again I'm not moving
my hand what the frak
look if that's making a perfect circle I
think this is a lie as well and now look
it's going back to straight forward up
and back
oh my god that's weird it keeps going
look it's gone around in circles again
oh my god it's the exact same thing that
happened with the other thing it's a boy
it's a boy this is boy that's boy okay
it's waiting for it though it's gonna
start doing it do you just stop now
maybe after a few seconds you're
supposed stuff yeah well whoa whoa whoa
whoa boy again what yeah this is really
okay hold up let's stop it okay let's
just stop it and then should I try it no
the girl has to water it but how did it
go from boys the girls the boys the
girls boys the girl how many is in there
I get army that's weird that that's
exactly what theater test said boy and
girl
Thanks
chance yeah no I know oh nice and then
for some people they see like one result
then they stop but we just held it there
for long enough that it showed - yeah
plus you said isn't it twins on da
husband side
come on the father side it's just
spinning that doesn't mean anything I
could seen is watching you all right
here we go tell me the gender of my
child
right now it's a boy is it yeah if there
is someone with us yeah please make
yourself known right so you just stop
now but now you see then it starts to
misting now it just starting to turn up
there we go get a full circle thing as
well done circles what the hell is going
on I need to look up a YouTube video on
the scene this is crazy
man doing it wrong you know what
scenario so future us future us are in
there and future us know the answer can
we look back at this and once time will
know you know although if it was more
than one right would we know after 12
weeks Ken - 14 weeks yeah we wouldn't
know okay well at least we'll know then
because they don't like find that at the
end okay it's just weird that the entire
gender test was half and half and then
that's half and half as oh whatever
resistor we have baking soda what to do
it would fit and go quite a bit quiet
what's going on how could not see I'm
gonna have works like that's how you're
going to be wondering you everybody
can't be both it's based on like the
alkaline and acid I don't know me what
do you think Albie no one's crazy I
cannot believe that that's half and half
again as well that's crazy
it keeps going line first definitely
goes line first
dude go boy maybe maybe it's your hand
or something maybe it's like magnetism
or some
still this is boy then eventually yeah
but I think he was to stop them evil why
why would you have to stop them
then it'll always do that first she
don't get started it now it's our turn
around like I don't know guys look there
we go there we go okay girl
it's a girl now maybe you're right maybe
it's a gay boy I don't know I'm a friend
a hermaphrodite date date hermaphrodite
not a hermaphrodite oh goodness he
doesn't know what's going on I don't
know I don't know either this is so
crazy guys any some comments of what you
think it is and then we are at all like
I know you're having a girl like I know
you are I just know it and I'm like how
do you know like how'd you guys know and
ye good night son
and Hayley tell me like good valid
reasons yeah I know no one has one now
my mom had a dream that it was twins a
boy and a girl I don't know what this I
don't know where did this started like
cuz your brother had twins that doesn't
camp
your mom is a Twitter question twins are
supposed to apparently skip a generation
so if my mom had twins then no your mom
didn't what she didn't my grandmother
had twins so yes I am the second
generation in times a chance that I will
and then I got a comment on my video
telling me like no it has joy with their
husbands genetics and stuff and then
people are like no it's not it's nothing
to do it because there's no hinge - I do
wanna say one thing and then apparently
cuz I'm craving oranges or was craving
oranges it's like definitely either
and then no if you crave our edges it's
definitely a boy so hard this is so and
then people tell me as well cuz I'm
getting acne breakouts was I mean girl
because a girl takes away your beauty
whereas a boy suppose to GV thank you
and other people are like oh it's the
testosterone causing nice give it so
it's a boy it's just so confusing
because people don't know that it's
obviously we don't know we as humans
don't know until the factor there so we
just come up with all these things but
they're all there's another one like if
the husband gains weight it's like oh
I've lost like nine pounds since you got
pregnant
what does that mean I can't remember
what does it all mean
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
