baby ok the pouch is for me do you want
me to make you some no thanks
you get a double birth today - it looks
so old look at it it's like faded or in
the side so I think it's on purpose
I hope hope we didn't get like one from
the fifties or something
do you like it it was like one of the
cheapest car is there also expensive you
know cheap that I got it was because it
was cute and the other ones that were
like for my husband we're all like
wearing stuff and they were so expensive
I found one like for my husband was like
4:15 I was like cards are so expensive
her Valentine's Day it's ridiculous so I
saw that I was like that it's so cute
and it was one because it's not like
it's rude
no it is in the Valentine section but it
was like the lowest price range is like
he'll probably appreciate that so I
don't hate that you're like that little
cup look how cute it's like tiny I know
thank so much baby - please - chick pea
soup gonna have us a photo or tasting
soup move aside move aside out of the
time your life without me let's get the
soup on the go
what are you parking on guys no party
partisans barkeep our two sons no party
listen to me poplar sings
pakhi partisan I mean in your room I
want to be in your room
smile girls um what I've noticed many
girls right now what's in your room I
think I've interests did you send it
yeah what super Donkey Barts
I'll be I'll be I'll be captain the
window across the way I'm gonna wait to
catch an arrest why I didn't see him
here's off no barking gets it bomb 6pc
my toast
I will they'll make the proper suit like
I'm the recipe like I really want to do
that but with the convenience and speed
of this one in the morning but I will do
it I really want to see if it's that
easy you know it seems like you could
tell me that that easy you should
definitely do it
Oh
ZigBee soup now he's kind of friends to
science that's all the kind of unique a
unique experience yeah yeah yeah there's
all like the boring wife ones to Dennis
after that when it's not like that's
hilarious
see my life is special and fun I never
was that good to you before now when you
go to lunch you can be like I'm trying
to figure out what the phrases a billion
euros when you buy roses on Valentine's
Day but prepare be prepared to pay
they're not normal roses but it's the
thought that counts in the gesture
because it's not a religious thing it's
not a it's nothing it's just
I know happy middle of February I love
you in this poem is nearly done nicely
hmm I was like this
what it doesn't know this thing is kind
of cool yeah next you're gonna be two
dozen oh there's a head word every year
you had a dozen oh god what happens in
like 50 years married you got I was like
I'm gonna tell him where the guy I think
he had like Huey had a heart problem but
then he didn't want to go and get the
operation done you guys not a film you
might get the operation no because he
was like no my heart is special my heart
belongs to you with any end up dying
which is crazy but he fights for aunt
like the entire shop of flowers and she
does her room it's a Reese after almost
like a love story or so much if you know
name that they leave the comments below
it's no one I know
I know it's what he's like I know
twilight of my generation no oh I
couldn't possibly get a heart operation
I brought her died and give up my heart
and he dies in his car and it's like why
that's so stupid they're really nice and
they I look to them for ages to try and
find the best ones yeah that's probably
like a liability thing they didn't want
to be like liable for like stabbings you
know you buy a me get on prickles yeah
maybe not over my breakfast just a
suggestion
oh I've looked much nicer now Monday cuz
you're outside like that thank you put
sugar in there oh you got something over
the old days before you used to get
those things used to just plop loads of
sugar in there or something
albe give Sina her Valentine
you've seen her Valentine you've seen oh
my god give us the Sina give it to see
that one give her her Valentine he's
like you don't eat it I can't you're so
unromantic Alvey you're Xena
happy Valentine's Day Thanks I'll put it
up here just so it's it it's safe okay
yeah good job because it's Valentine's
Day I can't have my wife you're walking
for our mom's house now can i oh your
pinkies okay guys I'll be right back in
a minute
see if you need a mine half though okay
come on guys leave me no I'm only gonna
be gone for a minute and house I'll be
I'll be mine the house now
go boy doggies let's go thanks for
dropping me no problem have fun in Mom's
house just like a scripted show oh yeah
I'm starting a 100 the government
documents are up what's going on here
wow so how much is your blog wasn't
really exciting blog loads
where's the footage done because I think
we took we just cut from before you went
to now and one time sometimes
oh yeah if you got my phone you check my
messages you always check on the
messages yo if you don't know what we're
talking about we're just on the
television what I'm going to cut in here
because I recorded it it's on glass
slide it in here you sit back pick
yourself a cup of tea I watched your
fascism needles on television yeah but
the Kony Jodie's is absolutely massive
it's a huge hit online with millions of
these we decided to have a look through
but two years worth of footage come up
with some W moments for you all to have
a look at here your highlights
you can ask enough for engagements for
you
you say it's all in my head and the
things I think just don't
everything is very good everything just
changed how did you miss for people who
aren't familiar with your story
Oh with point of view to rewatch I think
obviously a music video you know and I
was looking the can I actually written
it an entire music video and I was like
oh yeah that's what I'm gonna do and
then I remember I met Anna one night in
a cocktail bar and I went home as I
gonna need to make a new script girl
know what people you actually met then
kind of technically you took it further
online yeah yeah humor at the time like
you know even big statuses so we'd be
like kind of like Oh MSN is fun to chat
on I have a username my username so when
did you decide then you know you're
going out with each other
everything's great when do you say let's
start documenting this on youtube and
show the world we actually decided it
was so annoying because if we had only
taken that initiative Jonathan was the
one who back when we were living in
London which is like three years I just
graduated from college and I was like
whatever adventure yeah two videos this
adventure and I think we did for a day
and then I accidentally deleted all the
words and he was so angry and then we
just kind of didn't do it yeah we forgot
about it and then you just started it
back off
yeah yeah we year later yeah yeah so how
long like into the relationship then did
that begin OH
two years three two years that we all
gotta miss
yeah sorry but if you all wanna
subscribe and write in comments
congratulations on the pregnancy
obviously that's a huge moment for you
guys and it's something you did decide
to share with your viewers as well we
huh we have a tip before we have a chat
with you but did you so look at sort of
this thing it's faded a lot in the
beginning it was like I peed on it and
it was like oh wait three minutes and
then like two seconds later the positive
stripe wins I know I'm sitting right
here you jump down a toilet and I said
what I thought you were joking oh okay
moments like that were you think oh I
should have kept that to ourselves it's
private yeah there's definitely parts
where were like debating whether or not
because you never know I mean who's
watching you know sometimes you do you
put it up and it's kind of like
obviously everybody's subscribing to
YouTube and the 50 million people who've
seen you in action realize you know that
they know you quite well
from watching but how well do you really
know each other
it is the fun bit a little bit earlier
on we had the guys separators they
haven't been allowed to confer anything
since and we asked them both some
questions so Jonathan we're gonna start
with you okay earlier on we asked an out
three questions of our chip let's see
what happens so question one if there
was one thing Anna could change a value
of what would it be your table manners
your dress sense or your facial hair
what do you think don't say I didn't
pick one you pick one dress sense
facial hair sense table manners you're
going to react to that I think I know
did she hate your clothes we're so
Martha take it right who's in clothing
look at deep you're right then sometimes
he chews with his mouth open and it
really really bugs me
number two if there was a movie made
about you guys who would she like to
play you would it be Zach Galifianakis
Jack Black or Jonah Hill we've got all
the pictures there any of those big
reference to the Jack Black thing
because I tend to sing and dance around
a lot maybe you're gonna go jump back
well that's right he's probably gonna
get offended based on looks but I think
that Jack Black would play him really
really well together questions where you
get this right you're doing well okay
how often in your relationship has an
eject your text messages did she say
never once or twice regularly gonna
think never never never never any you
just hold on we talked about checking
tweets or checking text money thing
you're going never taking your first
answer we're gonna have a look probably
about one or two times relationship is
still going to be intact and we're gonna
move right on it is indeed I totally
agree with her he is hot anyway and then
with earlier on if you were watching you
would have seen that Jonathan here gosh
one in three questions correct this is
like Russian Roulette except it's
relationship relative returning the
tables now and the lovely Anna here and
things look there could be trouble in
the car okay so we'll take it off with
you Anna question one for you when you
first launched your YouTube videos what
did Jonathan worry about most don't know
get him that people wouldn't watch it
and your ex-boyfriends would get in
touch or that people wouldn't watch it
and you would think and would think he
was an idiot or just that people
wouldn't watch us I'm making sure you're
not kicking her or anything
just that people wouldn't watch it okay
I think I worried the most that people
wouldn't tune in and watch it or think I
was an idiot if there was a movie made
in your lives who would he like to play
you would it be Angelina Jolie Renee
Zellweger or Keira Knightley oh my god
okay I'm trying to think which one does
he think is the hottest let's see if
you're correct Angelina Jolie probably
because she has she kind of looks like
her and the surname kind of works out
well okay you're doing pretty well
you're like Jonathan one right one wrong
so far this the last okay okay question
three how often has Jonathan checked
your text messages never once or twice
or regularly I'm gonna go with these
answer just never I think we're just one
of those people that we live together we
work together we do everything together
so there's always that 100% trust so I
don't think I've ever checked her
messages that's very quickly how do your
family and friends feel about you like
recording yourselves 24/7 oh they had to
start people like people didn't want to
be in it but then you know as I sort of
got a bigger audience we want to be in
it now more so my family and my friends
know my sisters like Wow ready to go
yeah now I think they don't really might
they'd have just accepted that it's like
a part of our life
obviously on the beginning it was a bit
like weird you know yes the camera
always there
but that guy's got a camera but now so
so well for you so today we're actually
completely out of time thank you so much
for coming in it flew today it did fly
completely but so what did you guys
think
while we although keeping my phone to
myself from now on sneaky lady Oh what
in the frozen sky
oh what a Valentine's Day it is and
check this out guys check that south for
another block rockin beat Oh nachos
oh my god I love nachos jalapenos cheese
salsa some sort of a chive e dip thing
oh my god nachos are so amazing nachos
are God's gift a man when God said to
man I'm going to gift you he created the
nacho didn't he
very excited buddies Oh Nuggets I chose
the Nuggets we caught the natural nugget
diet do you want a nacho nugget I'm
bound Valentine's not your okay diet
okay let's watch some shows eat some
goals and blah blah blah hey guys thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
you
