we lost one h8p we lost the P 32 years
eh that's just quickly insert the
montage of the last 32 years of my life
here
Oh what I have me enliven for 32 years
ah crap so my 60 my 64th birthday I'll
be able to UM
put in the last year right it's a
blogger and I'm 64 oh my goodness
imagine that would be crazy but I knew
I'd be like an older driver
why is your nan Taylor down mm-hmm you
girl okay I'm not gonna be in a lot of
this vlog right now just this one here
cuz I had one halfway make it one yet
and um yeah I'm kind of breaking you so
I don't want to be in this vlog right
now but I will after when I do my makeup
one so I just made Joffe is some tea on
his request then I'm gonna have to set
up everything for the Treasure Trail and
that right mister you're in my way
beebeep beebeep beebeep happy birthday
it's my birthday yo oh my god it's so
cool yeah they did so much stuff like
there's actually areas look at this area
over there look snaked him though yeah I
know I can make it days now because I
have to power mm-hmm
look at this is my present area over
here actually doing a treasure hunt
you're making a treasure hunt for me all
around the place look they make new one
no you need to do one okay you need to
do them but there it is here's the maker
thanks Beth No and so eysan yeah it's
the green tea with lemon
we'll call upon you for any other
requests that I have today because
everything I want
in fact yet I need you to scratch my
hand everything it dude I'm gonna go and
get dressed and get ready cuz I need to
do your treasure on make it like an
awesome most amazing one okay well it
won't be as good as last year's
it doesn't need to great side if you
don't want to do it okay that's right
I'll make it long really not I'm really
hard treasure hunter the best ever seena
why are you like frozen new weird music
we should kick your waist I'm super
bored Anna what side up where is dad
thanks guys thanks guys we'll be a
turtle next year I'll be a pine Colgan
next year oh my god
we're having fun go back tonight we're
gonna eat my unborn child tonight yeah
oh nice nagi
hey you're like to remember them what's
that thing pause that show oh it's okay
nobody cares probably can't even see
what I don't found me nobody's gonna
swim with all the hair yeah yeah too big
for my bras Oh No
your boobs keep growing once they just
keep going and they never stop like
stuffed into my shirt right now you
laughing at me no nobody's laughing at
you can you look amazing
you look amazing you're amazing
appearance what do you do give me some
tips what do you do when your boobs get
too big so we don't believe you no just
you yeah victim oh honey oh yeah that's
what her mom was like number yeah just
like Whittle them everywhere I mean I'm
her real mom here's a burp mom - which
is different for everyone
Oh kisses for daddy Anna's birthday you
ready
you know you need to sit down sit down
you need to close your eyes okay you
need to keep them closed for a bit ten
seconds and seconds yes you're so long
and don't open your eyes until I say so
definitely not okay go
your clue okay it's different than last
year okay so so that's not too dark
what's just a second No
see not so happy did you find it
well is he now you find it no no no
biggie read it way too literally
all right yeah you had it a second ago
yeah no no no what are you doing over
there I'll stop in this one yeah I'm
your side of the bed you're weaving way
two literals my son doing oh it's just
under the bed
oh my god
gonna break the house watchmaking good
job I'm not Donny's design
like the words drawing ever well we
don't have a champagne bucket if I ever
saw another night no not really good at
this
they thought my pictures were so crappy
you wouldn't get any of them I'm
starting to get into the psyche of how
you work ha ha ya know why know that way
the arrow again inside that could be
anyway aha
to the living room
oh my god I must be better at all right
then I thought you wouldn't get any of
them okay it's a good exercise this one
looks more like the scale Oh boom number
Muniz looks like a fancy sugar thing
we're gonna have a fancy sugar thing
how's this one in kitchen you have
anything I don't think you have anything
like you grab the coffee my heart yeah
they look kind of like my easels is that
Alvin sinistairs it's just a Madeleine
on my god
the room no matter where is that but
where is that yeah tuck the ball kid a
short history of nearly everything note
Swiss all and never our heroes for it on
your view on somebody to know that and
you guys into Bill Bryson the entire
collection if you're taking perhaps
better prices just stick it into an open
your top on YouTube thinking about risin
Thunderball kid this is like so cool oh
my god have one today for some huh
thanks so much that was an awesome
adventure oh I think so boys meeting I'm
sorry it wasn't worth like last time no
those good is like I wanted to make an
imprint yeah we should do that don't
snow on I should never do it because you
never get anywhere why don't I see with
the light keeps going macro and then
squared thanks so much
well you told her you told me what to
get you all the present I don't care
about the present because I knew is that
because when we asked you but I know do
you know what was those for no well I
knew it was I told you get to me yeah
and he have everything and notes from
small island that's our that's because
he's from he's born in America moved to
England to then move back from America
and they were like me so you know and he
lives Australia for as well I never I've
never heard this one no cook the
European when I these are two this is
what got me to work every day guys when
I was working in the studio I used to
listen to these in my iPod every day all
day did you ring singer okay can I have
that please thank you thank you thanks
so much thanks for playing let's start
with the best present of all my king
yep it's some sort of a pig piggy and
the smash is on the floor when you want
to buy Oreos there's a be the Oreo
emergency fund I'm a picky I've never
had a piggy bank as it's your birthday
go on we'll let you a little pick up
yourself
don't read it out
right for me who are they who's the snob
among you for leaving Rick this is made
out of like silk
he can paint this for a smarter person
tonight
ah there's my if your present is not in
here that's actually cool
the Communist is that's the company
always rain that's awesome
Thank You Selma in there like papi huh
did they actually be t71 you guys
No you don't need the thing no do you
use yeah that's just a stuff cuz you
closed it over yes you know almost take
that you came together on this one save
up for my coffee I can thank my copy is
this coffee yeah we don't know yeah this
I was gonna use the other coffee for
that no I don't have sugar or anything
the best ones they're the best ones Eric
who taught me about them I didn't know
what I'd want me to think for Christmas
I'm gonna be great
Nick oh yeah thanks for making my
birthday cake I mean for making my
dinner and for being a loving wife and
for making the best treasure hunt ever
mmm don't forget me to the ricin box
look a this new pregnancy book we just
found it's so hip and trendy and cool in
case you didn't get the job
this is prom what year is this from 1997
Hey look at her 97 look 6th annual
edition completely updated completely
updated for 97 98 so is probably six
then it's for Erica right that's
American oh maybe America maybe it was
like please offer 100 pounds of baby
products oh well most of Inc you there
comes 98 wasn't she yeah yeah so it's 97
98 oh it didn't even have paper from
your morning nice morning your doctor
oh yeah but I believe my parent insist
on the cave
and he did like these drawings of life
the hunting fishery stuff that's the era
how this is working out yeah yeah this
is so cool oh wait think she leave this
open until actually starts okay please
they're open until the fun starts
happening oh my goodness is your hair
wet
yeah I thought while I was caressing
your neck with my kisses yeah thanks we
are valentines cups
I can see thank you oh well you never
know what could happen tomorrow morning
huh stop it I see you opening another
tab of going by no look for it looks
like I will pay innuendos look I know
you came home and then I wasn't why was
it work every day it's just so
convenient you'll get a hug these last
year's I had made my wife's boobs are
too big
hey guys thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
