gots to drop anna off where are you
going present do shopping oh my god you
guys what what every day today we're on
or key and them Steven or I think you
Sinead I was like you don't have actual
teacher with your face on it oh oh but I
do hope that I do and I do wear it too
yeah so have an awesome day oh you guys
have to come to because i won't i won't
be editing this blog until after the
birthday morning you pretty much know
what you're getting it's not the point
Nina the the funding the best present
which is why I'm doing this yeah nice
you guys thanks it's supposed to walk it
my mom says 10 minutes ago what time is
it no more watch some husband where 310
oh we're not too bad not too bad guys
are we okay don't yell bobby oh bobby oh
so i'm looking for a card for java for
her birthday and which one you think is
a good
I needs to be a husband one
don't agree doing porn porn
so I got so many balloons that's a nice
dip away kind of you want to get six in
a poncho just kind of prompt what the
wrapping paper is so boring the boys
look blue stars dots and this happy
birthday so yeah don't know what's wrong
with over to get or you can always get
this just brown paper because that'll do
me yeah i might get this one has its
avantime anyone cheerier than pacific
blue oh and i saw this as well sis cute
oh it's like a pirate ship I might get
that too that's a nice wrapping paper
but I don't know if it'll be enough so
Ivan my mom's hair snail and my point
was so crazy like so hectic I could
hardly even like hear myself think point
there was just like people everywhere I
every time i tried to vlog there's like
somebody like on top of me i was just
like oh my god so i didn't have any
blonde that much in there so sorry with
that but i'm actually um my mom says I
we went to test go afterwards and I got
some supplies cuz tomorrow for dinner I
asked Jonathan what he wanted and he
said that he really wanted um hey
describe it really funny said he wanted
Bob chicken and mushroom fall upon
crepes almost like what the hell is that
but basically when he meant was chicken
and mushroom crepes that were like like
fall Avant's but without the actual of
all one big sense so in craps big degree
so i got this is the pancake it's a for
American pancakes but even just do them
like thinner and they'll make crepes
it's a really good mix actually because
we got it for last day and it was like
it was really really good you are you
and then we got some leaks for me or any
vegetarian person because I whatman
sisters are coming over and then I got
chicken free-range chicken and mushrooms
and so I'm going to try and make attempt
at making the chicken mushroom valla are
all on some crepes tomorrow for dinner
and then right now the reason why I'm in
my mom's house is because i'm actually
going to bake his cake because we don't
actually have we don't have sandwich
tins or you know like baking tins like
in our house so that's what I'm going to
do and I make making this one right here
chocolate cake from Rachel Alan's recipe
book she's an Irish chef so I'm Jonathan
really likes you know like traditional
Irish kind of food so I how about be the
best you know rather than doing
something Italian or well German or
anything like that so we're doing in
traditional Irish topic a gun so here
are my ingredients ho laid out for the
cake and chocolate flour sugar cocoa
powder baking soda buttermilk eggs um
I'm using real butter so Jonathan may
have some issues later on but I don't
think he'll mind because I think it'll
taste good enough that he'll kind of um
he won't mind as much I hope um yeah
yeah i'm using wondering but like he
even admits that it tastes better but he
always just pays for it later so we'll
see but she's gonna taste nice and
that's all that matters its first day so
whatever just matter but the other
problems okay so i'm going to start
making my hate I need to preheat the
oven
280 so Jonathan here yes okay so and
then we need to line two um which
problem Kate tends to da wrong okay cake
tin so right now I'm doing heating up
the chocolate and the milk and the stone
and it's so weird because now that I'm
used to Jay never was used to but now
that I'm used to gas stove it was so
weird when I when just to turn this on
it was like leaning on the thing kind of
make it like pop the gas but this is an
electric stove forgot Luxio me it's
really good quality chocolate as well so
it's green and blacks like organic
seventy percent cocoa so yeah we're
going to heat this up and oh i greased
these they look delicious not and I line
them with paper as well so we are right
in front it's gonna be like a really
traditional like sandwich chocolate cake
and then I drink some icing as well
chocolate butter icing this is my
favorite part because i always want to
lick the bowl but I can't um so mom
estella and am I gonna lick the bowl
instead if I leave any hmm but yeah I'm
just spooning mixture into two different
of sandwich tin
a little bit less and they never go you
know how in the book or there's your
picture in this one but normally they
have the the cakes are like really thick
and then mine always kind of like flat
but we'll see how this not always yeah
so now I'm going to just like spread it
out and then we're going to put it in
the oven for 25 minutes okay look guys
my icing is actually it actually looks
like icing it doesn't look like liquidy
gloop or goop gloop not good at
Paltrow's website or something always
had more goop yeah she hasn't called
glue / goop I can't remember anyway um
it actually came out really really nice
I bet this is so good cuz it's basically
just butter and icing sugar and vanilla
and cream so with the cakes already hi
hope Prince Pete can't really see
anything okay let's see
we are going to put a little perky
thingy a fork since they're done that
looks actually really nice let's see
okay where is our little turn up at this
okay middle yes
and then the next one I no one was
bigger than the other but they actually
look pretty even so that's really good
yay oh please go and focus thank you
that actually worked that look really
nice so now we're actually gonna stay
here for dinner and Jonathan will not be
allowed to see because it's surprising
but he knows it's chocolate cake in you
he pretty much knows everything he's
getting but I'm gonna do a treasure hunt
as also that'll make it more fun but I
don't want him to see the cake so I'm
going to set that cool now and then well
I still won it's totally cool I have
returned to know laga geez look at this
guy's home phone studio 4100 Plus now
backlight look at that look just look at
that can anybody want to call Claire for
Claire's own thoughts alone welcome my
number because I was saying we don't we
have em we get a like with our internet
thing we have a phone but we've never
actually had a phone snuggle phone
focused on home phones for you look what
I got leaks dough oh yeah add 80 and
leek pie are you actually eating you've
been ball of mozzarella oh goodness oh
you're a midterm break now you're so
lucky wish I was on midterms they got my
youtuber well dressing my cake call
camillus stocks akaka Mellish mm-hmm
what's in there Nene's
yeah um I think chocolate icing what for
what flavors you go it chocolate
chocolate chocolate he's double triple
chocolate double triple chocolate chunk
fudge brownie double triple chocolate
fudge Fanshawe snipers No so we just
arrived home and I just remember that
she left all my presence in her mom
there's no presents tomorrow oh my god
could you imagine my head and said that
like oh yeah rapid or something yeah
yeah oh my goodness / they get no
presence birthday hang in a text her so
she yeah we do see a drive by her mom
right now cuz she's like a button get to
talk to you tomorrow but she's like
hopefully it's a 3am so at 3am Nina
that's crazy i was born in at four in
the afternoon Oh obviously no I was like
I hope our little baby is like it like a
midday but you know noon or something
like 3 mm is my mom into labor like 11
or midnight or something sorry mom I'm
just anxious to get out you know I've
come here for one thing
no double stuff is all gone yeah what
the end put the double stuff
on Oh God
let's prep stuff Oh will be that we've
got Americans out Oh CDs are designed
for twisting and turning I've decided
guys night before my birthday I'm having
myself a pancake party no
Oh
pancake party I don't know anything I'm
excited I'm excited guys like half one
in the morning but look at his check
does that like all my minecraft guys
have got me out loads of presents
looking there's cake everywhere cuz it's
like my birthday party I just give it to
the Harrison you're all film it would
like cake and presents and stuff I that
that's like what what up what up April
papi what up scam clan well if you got
here we got desert stresses they won't
get into that I can't move can't move I
need the master move but i'm not using
him as a man using my hand but it's like
we're having like look at all the cake
in the presence they've got me nice nice
this is so awesome but it's not
technically my birthday till three
o'clock in the morning which is still
another hour away but um it's kind of
cool-looking play the music and
everything like you can play the music
box this is awesome how are you supposed
to spend your birthday but a packet or
double stuff oreos he's bunch of my
Oreos humana times up oreos about these
days
no mine now
you
you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
