so we came over to fix a tire and I got
some soup 30 days at night I'll be a
long night
it's a thrilling tense white-knuckle
hard trip
nice homemade I was actually gonna make
soup today because somebody sent me a
recipe and it seems really easy to make
soup
just like when you make you know knows
and stops is it just hot boiling water
and you just leave it oh yeah cuz it was
like you just chocolate potato carrot
boiling water in this box or wherever
thought that's it times taken you simmer
cookin or something so easy I never knew
and so easy I thought it'd be
complicated in pretzel bitter Thank You
shun it's a bunch oh yeah that probably
goes over here not so much under paper
that's what art it looks like guys you
should know that's it that's the yeah
that's the Main Street Star City Center
mm-hmm so to make matters worse it's
lashing rain which is not fun and oh my
god you know what happen to Erica damn
they kind of messed up on the tickets
for the air place you're supposed to go
to tonight supposed to go to this like
am party place tonight party place and
they messed up on the tickets it's so
unfair I was like ah isn't it so mean
when you only get excited to go
somewhere and then someone's like at the
last minute they're like oh sorry didn't
work out I'm like that's so mean plus
it's funny they don't deserve her name
because Eric is quite like the best of
the coolest teenager on the world ever
fact that is factos and i think it's a
real tire to
the real tayo - nice okay now I need to
get that tire outside and around here
and plug was just a broken no oh no
doesn't look like oh hello you scream
random dog no no how's it going alright
so um I'm just worried about pumping up
the car in the rain you know what if it
slips or something I think of all the
stuff I need is in there right we got
complicated Kenny I think I need to put
all this stuff don't in the inside of
the car step oh no what the hell oh oh I
thought I was pooped there for a minute
wasn't poop there's mud squishy mud it's
question so much easier on a sunny day
everything will be honest I'm good
nothing should ever be achieved on a
rainy day
oh boy live in Ireland that would ever
be achieved because it's always a rainy
day okay I'm back we've got like super
rainy the rain is like increased a
massive amount so I decided to get
myself a rain jacket range a ketose
which is actually quite a nice rain
jacket okay I do don't you take the hub
cap off and I think so it's definitely
on alloy wheels so I probably got a
device for that they've thought of
everything these these car make know
people will probably say why don't you
just call like the company like to come
like you're AAA or whatever like because
you know what cousin you've got it hey
hello hello
Oh what's your name hello what are you
doing walking around here in the rain
hey dumb no I guess we won't be friends
the fun we could have had the time so
you could've had the adventures we could
have gone on together
oK we've got the thing in oh yeah
doesn't look them that's safe but take
the job
tires off the ground so um it's the seat
to take the tire off you just hope that
it's high enough off the ground the
other tire because the other tire isn't
punctured no not again I said so bad no
see I tried to loosen them as much as I
could so since the car was actually off
the ground I wouldn't actually have to
do any sort of big movements actually it
was okay just releasing oh goodness
okay
anything or try this in Minecraft I do I
do appreciate the fact that the rain is
not letting up or stopping us
it was nice of that this is the rain to
come along just at this opportune moment
under the tire just gonna fall off and I
pull this one off
oh yeah this okay let's put these back
then stay stay sit sit good boy
yeah it is okay I got a I'll get back
you guys are saying the old guy okay
that was kinda scary you just fell over
okay
this is what tire looks like guys in
case you ever wanted to see what a wheel
of a car looks like might have teamed it
on 15 is it balanced oh yeah it's got
the little weights there's Stephanie
balance I'm hoping I do not have to lift
the Carib any further it kind of matches
up right yeah look nice okay okay Messer
the banging and certifying in more of
the paiute about hanging means okay
gotta put you guys down
you guys gonna wait here for me okay bye
and job done wouldn't even know look
look at that there's the dead one there
put the hope on it and everything
you don't even notice now so anyone he
thinks of augers are uncapable of doing
anything
Boop I've just upped the ante the rocker
can also change light bulbs change tires
whenever else I've done along there
along this adventure that we've been
living together hey feel like I've
achieved something today I should go get
myself a packet of Double Stuf Oreos as
a reward I had a couple extra bolts at
the end I wasn't really sure what I'm
supposed to do with them so I'm hoping
or hoping that it all works out well my
reward my reward while I was outside you
pay Atlanta to bake a cheesecake
she's amazing lemon lemon mamelon are
you selling them on O'Malley proud of me
for manly ways it is now wasn't it
thank you
why is it almost lead at the top what's
that about
it's both but I've got or did someone
eat all the top off that's not the best
part
I'm just waiting for the cream or the
ice cream or something
all right now money kid I'm only kidding
kiddo nians use a chocolate icing cream
chocolate icing
today's my birthday so get a dental tray
or something
take it away no no no you actually don't
want that sorry you don't know what can
I put with it
what's the designated thing
Emma's nanny had speed broke or Old
English so I learned something today
that English is actually different back
in a day and you guys read this
Canterbury Tales 307 is that one who's
maven 307 this middle-earth a few 500
words but seriously like they could they
are worse than I was back in the day
look but dare as ye me prefer switch
dumb we're come on this is ridiculous
what kind of Ecology you in did you ever
learn that in school in college and you
guys ever died I didn't know that I
thought it was always English I'll
because I gave see not a spoon of my
yogurt to lick and she loves it but I'll
we hate it obvious one Heath I know it's
buy me one
what's he doin there about your little
hat he does I know he always tries
yeah the curtains as well he comes in
he's like just underneath it I'm just
wait here no I'm just waiting everyone's
ready are you give me a curtain mill and
I try to put curtains under bed we go oh
me oh we just want to go oh me oh what's
all that she's kicked never make us
really tasty so there's a deal we got a
a brochure in authority today from Pizza
Hut right and they were like oh that
could be spend this amount but they had
this amazing one
coupon that you can use if you spend 50
euros they'll give you like 60 70
percent off so you view by 50 years
where it itself you get it for like 15
20 euros and they're like put 15 20
euros is what we normally spend so we
decided now very happy okay we decided
to try and make up so we got that one
and then that was one of those is one
cookie for everyone oh my god it's so
pretty came the Joyce I handed me things
and handing me things and as I go it was
like oh we got all that for the cheap
rent the same like Sicilian cheesecake
nice oh my god is so funny
no party in our house yeah they're
pretty excited cuz they're gonna get so
much of it it's all for pan coca it's
awfully good coca Oh pizza pan Koga Koga
it is a cookie oh - I am excited oh
that's gonna take away every day oh my
goodness so we just realized I've
actually no toilet paper in the houses
and shops gonna pause in five minutes oh
no oh no this could ain't hardly wrong
just get in Harvey Ron oh my god you
ever have her happen to you we did
realize it cuz there's so many koi that
see you're like it's definitely in one
of the toilets oh no turns out to be
none of them
I made it this is all like your butt was
just like one tiny little while actually
I think it's two worlds two roles
because it's all they had
or answer is like like ten roles but
they know it's like 20 euros or
something crazy because it's like a
convenient shop so it's not really the
kind of place where you gotta find the
budget deals but oh my goodness that
could have ended terribly wrong that
could have ended so terribly wrong
after all that takeaway food toilet
paper enough I don't need mine explain I
don't even want a dream or think or come
up with some ideal conceptual idea oh my
goodness
I had nachos they are so tasty
or at the tape I haven't had nachos in
so long they're so tasty so good this is
not that much washing up to do which is
kind of Awesome there's only like a few
different names for them I don't even
talk about these kind of things but I
just want to say something kind of
acknowledge it because I don't think
it's really sad you know I don't know
you just saw on Twitter that Whitney
Houston died I was like oh my god like
Whitney Houston history I don't know
like I'm 32 into your date but like for
my age group like you know I remember
watching like that
bodyguard himself and I loved it like
you know I was like dancing and stuff so
like to me a kind of stuff was like
really cool the music and but like the
whole thing is just so cool and then her
music is so cool like how many how many
moments have you had in your bags with
Mike on your own like Whitney Houston
easy garner you know that that that just
like you know it's just so powerful some
of her music you know it's like it's
really sad you know I could just it's
really sad when like some someone so
iconic you know passes and it's just
waiting sets and just really remember
how you are moved by their music and
what they do you know and there's so
many people out there that can move like
millions of people and you modeling how
many breakups that people listen to her
songs and and weddings and funerals and
births and bactine all these different
they like there's a song for everything
and it's like I said on Twitter and I
should playing minecraft on the server
at the time everybody else on this
server was like oh my god talking about
like you know fade Birmingham who is out
to let the dynamic people are saying oh
my god wait me just like oh my god is
dude I was like will like always
remember that we were on
I was actually building my was action in
some farm work I was like feeling like
chickens at the time and she said oh my
god I think so so what's your and what's
your favorite Whitney Houston song you
know leave a comment of your favorite
Whitney Houston song yeah that's what
we'll do today and then I'll get to
doing the washing-up hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
