oh-oh-oh-oh
hmm
oh yeah he's gonna win the house
go do that boo boo bah you don't win any
prizes I'm trying to totally gonna try
and get em you gotta go piss up because
the last one I put up which was the
server one if you didn't see that coming
and that's when I was playing on a
server old sir I'll call it now because
the server was like crazy now what's up
what's up hot lady it is so cool I never
talked when I would be a young lad that
I would grow up and have a hot lady in
my house all the time what ladies in the
house all the time all the hot ladies in
the house saying oh you're out lady
you leave a comment and say I'm a hot
lady let's see how many people actually
do that they'll be awesome okay we're
gonna go yeah I'm gonna put one box
oh yeah so em yeah watch the Minecraft
video because if I make another one
today then you'd be behind would you
like to be left behind in these very
light
there and draw attention to our light
we're counting down to the second
trimester r3o there's no smell-o-vision
yeah cuz it's like everyone said the
light gets better in the second
trimester so a t-shirt like well yeah
okay
please father please father please
father
hey let's get the one she stuck she
knows she knows between doing a genuine
and this one won't pick one which one
anyone it's my new wand continue on pick
one all right I won't work it out me you
wouldn't take it unless I give it to him
you go javi - good boy good boy
oh my god she's so cute Oh cutest thing
ever
it's so hard luck
it's just raining and gray and raising
and gray and raining we got the picture
again
anyways something really weird happened
to me yesterday I was like I think it
must be the financier I don't know and
there's no other explanation for this my
skin has always been oily like
organization or the combination
and it likes your accommodations but
I've always been only like that's always
been my thing like I usually have like
blotting powder blotting pads just
blotting sheets not pads rolling sheets
just anything like to blot my face you
know take away the shine I'm constantly
like powdering I'm constantly blotting
documenting and it's always been my like
big issue with my skin aside from
obviously a little bit of acne that
happens around my timing month and uh
now with the pregnancy it happens a lot
but um yesterday for like and it was the
one day that we heard on TV it was like
so unfair but I didn't even notice it I
put on my makeup like normal I haven't
been using any different skin products
nothing like that just put on my makeup
and left and then we got into the car
and I was doing my makeup and false
lighting like it was artificial light
and then we got in the car and it was
kind of early and I flicked down the
mirror here and I looked at my face and
like literally this whole section like
my mouth I ran my mouth and I ran my
lips and everything my marathon my lips
and same thing and I ran like my nose
kind of like down here
with peeling like all peeling off she's
like what the hell like I didn't feel
this and I found my makeup it was so
weird and then we got there and it was
like so peeling and like rusty and dry
and it just looked so gross and I told
the makeup artist I was like I don't
know what happened like I this never
happens to me I never have dry skin and
she was like there's not much I could do
other than like you know you need to
like exfoliate it when they get home or
whatever it was like yeah I know but she
she couldn't really do anything because
like you can't really fix the problem
then because it's underneath so what she
did was just put on more foundation but
it was like over the liquidy foundation
it was a very like it's Mac face and
body it's very like luminous so she
didn't put any powder on should put
anything mat on and then I went smoothly
and everything
three with my bass and then we got in
the car after having lunch and
everything and it was like flaky and
their desert going on just this part
like nothing else I would like this and
the rest of my face was normal like it
was so weird and I was I actually
realized how lucky I am that normally
the oiliness like you would just blot it
whatever gets so much easier this it was
like I needed to beat scrape off my
makeup so I started like you know
picking out it and it was so gross there
was like flakes of skin everywhere and I
was like I never get dry skin like this
is the weirdest thing ever
so this morning well last night I was in
took off my makeup and I scrubbed not
like any rough or anything but I just
like sound very ver yeah and I just like
use my everyday moisturizing cleanser
and like lots of moisturizer and
everything and then this morning it was
effect normal but you know what today
it's right here it's not peeling yet but
it's very like maybe it's gonna pop
again yeah it's very it's not like I'm
yesterday is fine you know how it looks
like I'm just kind of crusty in the
middle of weird yeah it's not flaking
yet thank goodness but lightfoot spot
now my face is kind of back to normal
but except for that and like yes news
the one day I had to film like be on TV
so it was so random it was so weird it's
like my skin just changed tight
completely and I was annoyed and all
yesterday which is so strange so I think
it must be the hormones
why is it anywhere that means it's
quadruple let's yeah and the horse yes
two babies a horse and a cow seriously
step quite dark it's gotten quite dark
quite quickly see you look scary down
here in the dark you look scary yeah be
like this way like this way little like
this way you happy you made a bump yeah
he was growing up the fender mm-hmm
which is now grown to the size of a bump
what bigger block that's gonna come
forward stroke you officers awesome is a
report okay listen awesome I'm sorry for
you know it's kind of makes it more like
real isn't it do you time do you time
it's a time of the day when I like to
make a cup of tea a cup of tea it's a
time of the day when I'd like to make a
cup of tea with me not you but me can't
you see me making that cup of tea
just kind of happened it's a brand
musical entitled this is my this is my
this is my one hand trick cause I want
to think you may earn either as a
vlogger because you usually one hand is
that a camera a so you learn a couple of
tricks of how to do things with one hand
like this finger motion so I am it's
Friday so and congratulations to
everybody that has finished your mocs
your exams your school your collar they
don't get
starts today Oh
spring break dressy the spring break
Oh lovely lovely spring break gray skies
spring break pork chop rice rice welcome
to Ireland your guys work tomorrow our
stash our stash of gear
oh just stuffy nose cam we gots the oh
my god check is that right this frame is
awesome
we just them look at this that's that's
my that's my baby I have no idea how you
managed to get a picture of my baby in
this frame but an that is so awesome
sorry about this but I'm fishing I
should not have taken a nap
okay I'm going for that comment
Oh business fragilely for Fang Koga oh
no the letter have no fear the deduction
assume that it was Hannah and Shawn
Santana and Shawn PS Turner
what actually guys myself and Stephen
she's expectation uh you know keep to
Bernard we were actually talking about
another saying he was like I will I will
to go to all this in a minute I was
saying it was like I wanted to do like a
fake neato but I wanted to do something
like you know I wanna do some like
totally awesome when we were talking
about doing something like totally
awesome post it a summertime like you
know so I'm depending your minds it'll
be like we're gonna try to do something
it'll probably Dublin will definitely be
in Dublin you wanted to make essentials
or everybody can get to it but M will
keep you more in detail subscription
that time goes on so good is like
Cartman oh happy birthday Joe verse from
der blah I like a little trolley thing
so you can steal more trolleys like
Holly stealing people Charlie ever that
when you say word that thing that it it
it in in in the team where's Michi
excuse me excuse me excuse me
thank you thank you sorry excuse me
excuse me thanks thanks sorry
hmm gonna go this one we come a while
spiced apple that sounds absolutely
amazing get better get it get that at it
get down over here and with the water in
to e do is you put the water in now
right and then you wait
these equates you let that sort of just
just brewing do your own thing and yeah
let's put Cartman already done pile this
one from Sarah and me because well your
pansy I said remember to pack for you
24/7 pepper meet waivers ever hope you
have a battalion Sina hope you like the
present I sent you to try them yeah it's
my one hand skill um oh look homemade
soup no way a recipe to make soon one
answer an ornate butter if you put
something else in there to potatoes
potatoes and two weeks and like the
potato Denis what about just put the
banana leaf in the bed chicken stock
cube and then we don't put in the butter
yes that's probably what I do regular
vegetable soup Finance potato carrots
large onion stock of choice I like it I
like it I will try them and we'll try
them on the back Karen and parsnips
yeah you guys taking care of me
and you guys taking care of the job oh
man I got this stuff look bio-oil
by all it looks like I'm specialist skin
care for scars stretch marks uneven skin
tone a GPM dehydrate
twice daily for Mackinac three months
during my atavistic go back a little bit
breaks daddies let me do it and get
didn't I bet investment schemes did you
just learn if it's directed by or what I
can tell you millionaires I've no idea
where I can um that's just under and
what have you got your custom stick like
yeah oh yeah but this was the best thing
in the world right look it is if you
just like you just like rip this thing
off and it opened so easily
oh yeah
Little Miss organized sentence and cards
here guys look at this she had cardboard
between all the envelopes was like
amazing was like all these little
cardboard and stuff and I was like oh my
goodness somebody is organized check
this out
it's your birthday the manly motorbike
oh thanks Katrin it looks really minded
but it's all like ripped and scruffles
it's like you're alright icing on top Oh
cutie patootie we open it from captain
happy Valentine's Day for both of you
congratulations parents to be on it so
q15 and all few things in your life you
will ever be as perfect as holding your
new baby treasure every word emotion
MacGuffin Sophie Sophie Sophie almost
got forgotten okay congratulations in
the news care expected I expect
expecting a phone call I loved you from
the very start our life together has
just decline I feel like it's more
effective of a whisper a mother with a
child each day it's quite long so I will
read that on the table how we doing in
here how we doin here nice because guys
on the way before I let you in on
something that's gonna it's gonna change
your day what then is going to change
your day I'm gonna show you guys
something and you're probably gonna hate
me for it you are probably going it's
probably you're probably just gonna
think I hate trophies for showing us
this but I feel like I have to we all
need in our life yeah like it's
something that the day just isn't the
same way out of it and I just think that
I really want to share this with you you
guys ready
I bet you're jealous
that's it I think I see this this is
like my birthday weekend looks like
weekend before my birthday
Wario's piles of water supply oh boy
that's pretty much where do weekends
that's what you do you ever notice
though how old the older you get the
last sort of important birthdays because
we're not even important it's just they
don't mean the same and I don't know if
that's just a sense of like oh I'm old
cuz I don't feel old but I just feel
that like they're not as exciting or
something as when you are a kid you know
I don't know Danny and you guys feel the
same way I see miss Christmas I think
you know it just feels different when
you're older or it's because you're
interested in doing different things
like my birthday it's like no I'm just
like oh is it well Valentine's Day it's
the next day so I suppose we'll probably
be like I don't off doing something the
next day but for the actual birthday day
I do hope but I think Anna is am gonna
do the treasure Dan treasure hunting you
know and that's what the treasure
hunting is so important because it's not
worried about the presents and stuff
it's more about feeling like a kid for a
day you know
remembering what it was like do you know
when birthdays kind of meant something
you know that's a that's how I feel
that's pretty fun thing about having a
kid because we kind of am end up doing
more things that are reminiscent of your
own childhood happy times or something I
don't know that mean anything to anybody
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
