good morning joe we are guys look so we
are there ensign in the floor oh we have
to park like a hundred million miles
away though we are like we're like about
two cities away cuz normally the parking
is like a front they're like all full up
this would be a busy time in the world
ever oh my goodness and she won't there
was no coffee in the house I had a
coffee this it's rare and it's raining
oh my god could there be more Hawaii we
go this way because we're going to the
we're going to the TV Department what
are we doing here in the radio
Department Nina I told you no radio this
is the avoid the rain - see you wash and
the inside here straight line you walk
out there Harry get messed up oh my god
what would people think people think
Anna yeah I don't think I've ever called
you a night before it's not like a new
thing look a new thing people don't walk
it right and rain just kind of catch up
I am oh she's not yes I know and I have
an end-of-day it's like hold your own
kind of cold I'm gonna show you like did
you turn on all the lights and can I sit
really close to all of the lights while
they're on that would be awesome thanks
they always make a bun can do that
before though exams oh yeah that's why I
did my hands as well did you ever think
whatever you have like white hands go
Skee hands I'm like a little spongy bit
like no bitch myself how much you wanna
fix your hair my hair is a clock just to
the quick yet forced me to they ask me
questions even we were interrogating you
guys ah in a good way
so what is the wedding all you wait to
see honest answers because I'm not
saying it this could be the most
dramatic episode I always try to get her
in my videos but I never found her oh my
god it started me yeah everybody always
my hair everyone always thinks that I'm
about like five hello smaller although
someone recently met me near like I
taught you how much taller height you're
talking here I think I cuz I never
started my days and you always done and
put your own ear like this much mm-hmm
you know so it's not kind of like like
that yeah I'm thinking again a new
blogging camera I was looking at this oh
yeah be kind of nice you know I see you
like you could good angle on it you know
super 25 and Patricks
yeah yeah it looks like no mr. screech
yeah I'm wondering like we needed to get
rid of this one yeah okay we could just
quickly snap a picture now well I could
take that and pray to my bedroom if you
want it like I wouldn't be too I haven't
that there you make out with that thank
you yeah how could you not hey wait a
second is to it why yeah she's all yeah
she well that was a yeah are you his
baby
Oh so we wear the ladies
so yeah well it's way better than
Lindsay come on
today Kennedy but we shouldn't be
surreal more shot though yeah no that's
very nice assist yeah yeah you should
get that t-shirt me on my t-shirt you
know sometimes you need ID you don't
it's like look yeah what's your date of
birth fighter from Lynn you're like yeah
I see security yeah they'd ask about the
crisis we're thinking we should get a
room like this in our house you know you
can set it up wouldn't it be really
awesome
this could be like my juice table where
I make my juices you look really pretty
I like your hair with my water I was
worried that with prop water like big
water that's it oh my god guys you have
to watch this I'm not gonna gonna spoil
it I'm gonna I know I only ever get back
into a when I'm with you guys I know and
then we get desperation yours needs a
hairstyle like yeah you should have
taken the hair that you cut off and like
attached to the top today I did go the
crazy was like a little too many
comments on my last video be
where did that go you're basically balls
you guys have to watch it because I need
my best idea questions but I have to
wait and see how I did oh no I'm John
I'd like cultures where they have to you
know answer questions and guess what the
other person said John didn't fare too
well no I did that very well
yeah I thought we had a signal to kicks
for yes one cake for no I also got some
brown bread that's gonna go into this
device but I don't know yeah is that
what you do is it you just put it in
there is it gonna come back at least I
don't gonna go I got
so yeah the Stephens over somewhere on
the other side waiting
you happy to see us
are you fine honey who's that what's
happy no you did is a good boy you think
oh boy have ACOG's right let's get the
bloggers these edited up in there Lois
Lucy guys probably know video and then
we will drive under lonely road to cut
yogurt boys I'm just gonna fill up on
Hawking doughnuts safe options they've
option to give yourself enough energy
you know oh yeah this is what I was
looking for here mm-hmm
I'll take it off take it off vanilla
crumpets oh yeah crumpets what are you
gay
proof
remember less under sushi I like still
there
we got it's cold here
yeah we're not gonna get fruit just some
tasty real tasty coffee blue I'm so
tired my eyes are hurting my I'm like oh
my god and I was like you know hopefully
anything wouldn't work if you said like
oh it's gonna be like four thousand
minutes I was like yeah that's something
wrong in there so and I thought we just
go home first and try and upload when we
get there it's
are you looking for the perfect Apple or
something
I was bruised and battered okay
to hell when I felt even a man that song
you win we've an apple seriously oh I
have to give it 20 hello
alright I have to give it 20 because I
don't have any actual change on me but
we took out at 28 Iran so I got a split
at 20 although can I just turn it 20
into the basket yeah so no sleep you
can't even see them
it's so dark we can't even see them
we're almost home guys the water guys
there well the last hole the time is now
so it is half 6:00 if you are wondering
yesterday where new vlog duties was at
this particular time that's why it's
important to follow me on twitter
because i tweet it out dad because i
know that those people like don't and
then they're like when was the vlog I'm
like I explained that YouTube was all
crazy it said it was 4000 hours
top-loaders
okay so 4000 hours is quite a long way I
thought I just uploaded when I got home
instead you know thanks
and that's how we add that's how we do
the tolls in Ireland pickle we roll
onward you know what you need after a
hard day's road tripping a salad and
tasty salad but we're all at a silent
but we're not out of Mazzone is tasty
would you like Amazon ec2 bedroom
because oh my god we got so much room
here we got some one we got we got we
got the Mzoli's for everyone there's
nobody for everyone get on down here get
yourself some as always
cuz it's just like guys I was like step
one can attract Sudan
step two order the food step three eat
all the Oreos while waiting for the food
to arrive step 4 consume the food that's
just how it goes that's our that's the
kind of guy I am
and after eating all of the food javis
and all of his friends decided they'd
have a big party and oh what fun they
had but sadly the party had to end and
they all fell fast asleep d-end
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
