are we gonna go to all my stops Oh alas
house you're supposed to continue the
Sun didn't you pop today it is infinite
we're gonna go okay let's go let's go oh
so we didn't pack all day long we sat on
our - cheese and now we've got a go
she's to Dublin cheese cuz we're going
importing slime on Nina tomorrow what
should I wear
I probably shouldn't have left it that
time 10 freckles pasta hair what are you
gonna wear should I wear oh yeah that is
actually we have to dress for future or
that tuxedo he's such a loser we're
gonna get slime all over that I want my
favorite t-shirt you know my white one
the circular things I know it's it's
watch downstairs underwear and socks
almost awesome gonna wear underwear it's
hard to eat myself do I wrote de jeans I
was thinking um I think it's a sit-down
kind of show though so I think it's like
a waster ZUP
so I was thinking like maybe just like
shorts compact you'd like I would say
newsreaders you know newsreaders you
never see what's going on underneath
that table like they could be just like
when like the suit part or like a pair
of like silky track suit or something
you never really know in fact you never
really see beyond this frame I could be
naked right now
oh yeah but I'm not I'm not but what
should I wear
but should I wear this one he likes it
to be busy yeah all right do it do it do
it you want some spaghetti
what's the spaghetti Wow some spaghetti
uh-huh did you get it did you get it
you just don't perform you know you know
funny as well
okay at the face kid to get the face you
want to see you see this very good oh
she loves it oh and she was proper like
chunky today yeah I'll be he just gets
some underground food make it make him
joke make him work for it make it work
for shake pasta pal be boy shake the
past this Oh
freighter we're in cash L Oh empty
petrol station empty petrol station just
for you really
okay ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao
I could have all the doughnuts and copy
you have
neither butakov machine i talked about
you
oh look at this this is now it comes
with our tricks I think it's the same
thing now do you want a caffeine kick ah
you can't have a caffeine cake oh can
you get tea
you have to boost this is kinda halftime
like that way there
again Cavanaugh nice and it's knees all
the way to government
your son
they would accompany one
just decaffeinated everything
decaffeinated
was anything
yeah yeah yeah no actually I think I'm
gonna get March no he died my DeLarge
not at sex Raj
which one did you got the middle one
okay
No
should keep me away from most of the
night so you'd get no sleep it is just
not like she could remember we did our
on the ammonites and it was like we're
not like 5 o'clock I think me like I
have to wake up and it was like you have
to wake up yesterday
that waters parted with the teeth that
thing there the big metal thing that's
why that one
but yeah they don't actually be in the
studios to actually 10:00 a.m. so like
the time and then you're actually
staying too far away either just pretty
cool although we would have been saying
and lovely comfortable hotel but her
lovely fantastic dogs they cost the
staff they cost us the hotel but we
could have still stayed there but we'd
have to leave them somewhere
anybody want to do that because we short
notice and everything like that and so
we sacrifice that's that's what being a
parent is about isn't it sacrificing
hotels there you go
today all right just to be just to be
safe okay now take me to the doughnuts
take me to do doughnuts all right all
right don't let so much donuts donuts
donuts donuts donuts take you want a
doughnut night now don't you i s pause
can any local dorky stuff with on it
four four six
broke everything it's very deal three
euros coffee and cakey thing it's
probably gonna know somebody has to look
like the one in the picture now those
kind of look like morning it's very very
I'm just gonna go for donuts though huh
that's better okay look we should get
this look three Billy Goats guff or Elmo
loves you
oh my god they'll put us by it I know
what it is
chakras clean I never knew he'd sure to
forty fifty doesn't beat the energy I
remember their one year as each shame on
you shame on you sir
and we have arrived at our destination
but sweetie sweet my god I've got one of
them and it does not work as we
established as I cure ooh
Steven was born in Australia maybe he
knows how to use the boomerang yeah
Steven burger he's at 365 days on
YouTube
we actually is one of the presenters on
the TV show girl Berlin tomorrow and
he's from Australia so I must ask him
does he know how to throw a boomerang
because I feel I feel badly she sure you
want to go get something for breakfast
now yeah cuz I just think like there's
nothing there's nothing here you know no
just talk quite quietly sometimes what I
don't why I did I liked it and I put on
my cone voice boy swear did I say to my
daughter should we bring down friends
with us yeah you guys keep a seat oh no
he knows - OH
I just got here I just got here - my
nails
if you ask me I'm Sam again the top
so the only place open we could find is
the oddest little shop in the middle of
Teheran your village
yeah what a little bit outside terrier
village general Harold's cross where the
old classic cinema used to be yeah it's
a good little shop
I nearly backed into all the flow gasps
that would not have ended well
for any anybody involved Oh Rosie's
little stomping down guys this is Wendy
Cho fassl brought selections
limited limited so we're gonna this
hopefully hopefully or two people and
I'm that now I'm hoping that I am
Greco faster because I would await them
to do and then we had a nice team today
she meets read it are you putting
curtains I don't know something I don't
know what it is why not get another part
or something
okay oh that's one of these attached II
once he gets on top of all my stuff what
are you doing they didn't pay over human
race he always quite favorable towards
the Phyllis hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
