good morrow good morrow around the lake
villa grote that's what happens when you
wake up in the morning and you're woken
by a dog good look at this here
that's me this morning they're like no
problems like as a zombie I get out with
my head down the stairs he's like you
got in the door I open a door and the
upside to sits down no sign of a pea
size of a pea just wanted to sit or
something and then upstairs why why did
you do that to me that's always explain
that to me and how we are today now with
everybody today
nice that's extra for nice so I'm the
other thing that I was talking about
like I'm a seat alright saying ordered a
thing needs to see I will tell you about
that later on today because oh no it's
confirmed it's definitely happening
which means that we're gonna double in
tomorrow
oh and and then we're gonna be doing it
on a Thursday you're just trying to get
a coffee up here first so that's
exciting
that's exciting Oh get some editing done
here oh boy so I'm making my lunch up
for review so late but it's actually
because well you guys know that I get
like no sleep at night
and then I end up sleeping late which is
actually a good thing because I end up
getting enough sleep or at least some
sleep but I wake up several times during
the night like it's really annoying and
then yesterday I took a nap like you
guys called in sorry well anything like
myself nothing but I said it yesterday
yesterday's like so check that out if
you have not really but um I took a nap
and it was like a two-hour line nap and
that's obviously I mean I knew I was
like oh well with you tonight but yeah
so that's essentially why I and then I
ate breakfast at like 12 which is also
super late so they say they say to get
as much sleep as possible before you
have your baby they always say that
they're like you know chopped up in as
much sleep and nap time as possible and
nothing is actually really important for
the first trimester because you're
building the placenta that's what you're
like making creating inside of you which
is really freaky if you think about it
but that's why you're so like fatigued
that's why I have like no energy is
precisely because of that and the second
trimester is when you get some of your
all of your energy back everyone's
telling me they're like don't worry the
second trimester is amazing and like I'm
hearing all these things like no secret
singing you know even my mom she was
like no no you will get it back like he
will know that LP now we're gonna type
they're so cute
can you see them I was like I didn't
even know that my mom told me anyway she
was like you know it's gonna come back
and it's gonna come back like fully like
in full force and you're gonna have so
much energy and you're gonna feel so
much better in any second trimester so
that's really good to hear
so that's basically why my sleeping
patterns have been all over the place
but I don't really like it but then at
the same time I want to get some more
sleep like I don't want to be tired I
hate being tired
so that's why I'm having lunch at 4:00
but it's fine once I eat like regular
meals I'd like to eat smaller meals
terrific like more frequently so but for
no sorry five meals throughout the day
like free meals and two snacks that kind
of thing so I'm having my I make my
lunch and I'm making my sister's soup
that she gave me to take home it's
actually like three days later or
something but it was fine it kept her D
well it's butternut squash soup and she
made it all herself homey and then I'm
having one of those food dr. Pinner
breads with it so I wish I could cook
like that she's just so much more into
it than I am
like I just don't have the patience I'm
so like impatient and I just want
everything to be done like right now you
know I'm just probably why I like not
ready meals we need ready meals but you
know what I mean like I like things that
are really quick although tonight we're
having salmon and brown rice and
cucumber salad which we had last week as
well but we will really like it and um
I'm making sure to eat salmon because
it's a really really good especially
wild
it was a wild fireman summon why
whatever it supposed to be really really
good for protein and for pregnancy so I
mean lovely so long as you don't you're
not supposed to eat more than 12 ounces
a week which I definitely don't complete
Dominic once a week so this is smells so
good but yeah I wish I was better at
cooking but I'm just like too impatient
so that's my lunch and I'm having some
water and I've kind of upped my water
intake as well I feel like I'm getting
thirsty at night a lot so it's impromptu
date date night I'm pumped you date
night because we're gonna Dublin
tomorrow for awesomest reasons we're
gonna be on this show called juice I
know I know it's pretty that I'm afraid
I'm gonna show calls you so it's
actually nothing to do with juiced up
now so don't be don't be confused by the
title it has nothing to do with why you
want to show that Josie is that Josie a
double so yeah we got it up tomorrow and
then so we thought why not just go to
Nando's tonight you know we can we can
have did get a style advisor it is bit
echo we echo Liam - liam so yeah who
talked point us is it's a super empty
hair
oh it is Tuesday Cougars an animal on a
Tuesday unsure so yeah pretty excited
about that
I'll tell you more about that later when
we're sitting down Charlie download some
tasty chicken oh my goodness when you
guys go to Mendoza Mountain points they
moved the entrance the entrance used to
be over there and now it's here we're
like totally you guys walking all the
tables
we didn't make fool of ourselves because
we noticed the last minute now it's like
wait a second they have no ratatouille
Bernadine thing they're kind of easily
do so beans it's like new new nano
everything's changed
I should've got the cheesecake she just
got the chicken on the TV like a chicken
thank you but my chicken caramel oh
hello yellow so yeah we're doing them
the show we're doing on the juice thing
right he's actually going out on
Valentine's Day because they said what's
Ireland's awesomest couple who is it me
me we're going to show you how to love
another so any yeah we're gonna be off
the entire show which i think is like a
30 minute show or something like that
I'm Network - no idea what time it's on
it but oh five o'clock is it well
there's plenty of time because tomorrow
we're although they were like oh they're
gonna hook us up they're gonna put us in
our bed and I'll give you a hotel in
Dublin what I thought that's cool and
then I was like there's no one without
that it Auggie's wow wow wow those pesky
kids so em we're not going to say no
okay so yeah it says pretty awesome like
it they said they're gonna be like the
lullo's interactive stuff like with
Twitter and something you can tweet into
the show but what will do is that will
obviously be filming it live while we're
actually there all day long so we'll
tweet out here actually on the show
commission today to be there as well and
stuff you're going to do a tweet out you
know do some shout outs yeah
instead they're exact lots of games as
well the play with us what they have is
they have a researcher just look to all
the vlogs and they're gonna ask you
questions about me any questions about
years
I stand under need a book of this life
Oh run in my condition so should be good
fun everyday can see like
like my whole time in school on my
report card
I always got an A+ I do sports and
exercise the rest of them not so good
but he was like outstanding pupil
outstanding athlete
what you should get greater than school
unlike your or what you bring to society
or social out ringing are you a friend
people are you excitable do you have
good parties
do you invite the hunt Davis to the
parties that's what you should be you
should be graded on you want to go to
dopest this field of hard knocks that's
what you get graded on yo mrs. feel of
hard knocks hard knocks
okay maybe not hard enough temperature
nudge nudge it Joffe is the scale of
nudging performance
so what's the new beam tonight cuz it
looks really good is that roasted
tomatoes peppers chili beans is it any
good
look at this monstrosity I love it I
love it I love it I live for just carry
on
I live it and love us and like no loaded
oh look at this look at this guy's
you always will take reporter out
because the butter melts add an e Porter
and then I mean in the corn I'm thinking
why does the corn taste
100 million I look better than a normal
guy oh hey because of Twitter all over
but then I hate a price you have to see
me mad knows that when we take your
chicken away it's because you bordered
can be said no way you're on boys now
changed our mind
probably one
they're not gonna come back so look put
a little a little toothpick in there see
my dad urge them to never come home our
one cheeky boy once you give away your
chicken
if their attentions gone fine
you
it's the guy sweetman's
mounted the plan because I want a
caramel cheesecake it worked
what she get like a pot of ice cream
they're coming like a flowerpot
chili sauce
get it's bad boy guys oh yeah
oh yeah you wanna do I wanna taste going
there you still nibble stops bad you got
my cake you guys enjoy your date mmm
knows well went on the big a big date no
wait a second it looks like our time I
know and I know what you've done I know
where the car is but do you I was
watching you walking this way that's
like gun way it does seem like the car
behind I know
disconcerting little car
hello Liam refugees outside
so get outside I know you're excited
what what what what to go to go to those
checks eat a hearty lunch gonna happen
to you today guys something happened to
the boiler that wasn't that crazy it was
so cold no still here in the fact that
or you I knew it wasn't like I thought
like reset the boiler I was like doing a
red light or like clicked it cuz I turn
it on and off and on and off and on if
it wasn't do um exactly we sat in her
huh you want to come in is it is that
what you're looking for
Oh Cena into the camera camera
cuppa tea cup of tea committee Jacob
Jacob dick so I was reading through the
comments right and I saw a comment where
someone's saying that and they're in
transition year and it really cook we
came to your school and stuff like that
and you know like we're like like I was
saying you know I want to roll this out
but I'm not really sure how to do and
that's why I was like I think we need to
like practice within our schools I'm not
really sure how it works you know but if
you're in school and in Ireland
obviously anywhere in Ireland obviously
but you can't be outside Ireland because
that would just be crazy you can say it
to your teachers or something like that
like you know the frontwoman listenting
is where like you want me to ask someone
from the internet because that's what
they think you know like the Internet
the internet is full of weirdos and come
to school talk about stuff you know I'm
yeah look we're all we're all for it you
know I'm putting it off for free and
stuff like that no just I want to kind
of try it out myself you know by just
I'm not really sure I have to do it you
know but if your school is interested or
you are a teacher from a school in
Ireland or you own let's get to people
own schools I don't know you know or a
community or a center or something
yeah just like just contact me to
Facebook or Twitter or something like
that and we'll set something up but yeah
so I want to try it out because I
definitely feel like there's something
to that but I just I don't really know
how to have to go back doing it but I
just saw those comments that a few
people said to me on Facebook and
Twitter and stuff like that and I'm like
say it like say it's your transition
your coordinator or something maybe like
they do like that's not bad do you know
that hope you contact him you know and
that's it
that's basically what happened with the
I can write school like you know they
just basically contacted us and we're
like yeah yeah of course
you're not gonna love tomorrow you're
not gonna love tomorrow cause we're
driving to Dublin we're driving all the
way to Dublin you're not gonna make it
you're not gonna make it but it doesn't
matter because that's tomorrow for them
that's like five hundred sleeps away cuz
they wake up and go see what that doing
here wasn't gonna cheat you I don't know
why I get T feeling like I want to t but
then I'm wondering maybe you know I mean
roll the credits hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
