she's passed on but we should wanna get
up and go for a little walk
because what normally happens right I
don't know how this happened
don't pull my brain like this small my
name it seems that I always like in the
morning time it was like nice it's dry
and then recently anyway later on it's
probably gonna rain the entire blanket
of entire white cloud system named
covering the entire sky which is the
optimal conditions for a snowy situation
so I'm gonna make us some breakfast
wake up a little sleep huh yesica we
appreciate your nerd thing my unborn
child maybe you know as thinking that we
should start actually I'm talking our
unborn child in the vlogs cuz it'll be
funny wouldn't it be cool to look back
on you know weird I was just like
directly communicate and happy funding
I'm joking this morning and humor at
school that we went to and the day
sentencing like Cara spawned inspire but
teacher data set me I'm sure he did a
Q&A with them afterward just like here's
some quotes like if you're you know cuz
that we're thinking that maybe like I
don't know rolling this out and like
schools already Arlen or something like
that but we need to come up with a good
package and I think we need a couple
more schools to kind of like I don't
test it that way or something like that
but she's like he's very interesting
talk I learned that self-esteem boasts
myself confident to have that
self-confidence he was interesting one
official to use on Marcus day or
favorite come to our skin or any piece
most our confidence that helped me a lot
maybe we feel better actually you know
it's like it's all like I agree
positive for everyone walked away
feeling better about themselves
yeah these rocks these rocks slinky
what's your big rides that time
what's Rob said I like Justin Bieber get
it all right what else does she have
it's in orange and yogurt Oh where's
those crazy pills
yeah that's what they are crazy they're
like so big oh my god I'm when I'm one
of those dramatic chokers I'm not I'm
not a pill taker I'm always like oh it's
like oh I just take something
painkillers we go pain or something I
need your pain you know it's been around
way I do have to stop your boy ones you
always I'll get you like oh my god would
you not here have this one or pale like
but the worst reflex it's like that's
where I love to the dentist like nothing
drilling and all that it's just when
they put the things in but doesn't
doesn't work well for me let's leave
yogurt we give it I'm not sure are you
sure oh I like food to the fire well I
like fruits at the first can't really go
wrong with our break any and it guys at
water I think I think that is a
nutritious breakfast for lady not for a
gentleman I'm just gonna have a pizza so
Anna fell for some online ads
what was it it's like all over the
internet all over the news and stuff in
America mm-hmm
tele gender is it tell he gender or tell
she J another gender so I'm gonna penis
how long is the three minutes five
minutes oh good luck
hey guys and thanks for watching haha
what's it gonna be oh my goodness how
color do we get what do we get it's a
girl or a boy I think it's green slime
oh that looks more green slime commuters
ed well it's definitely not that color
do you think it's boy but then it is
kind of look it is kind of yellow and
green is this a purebred I'm not
touching that yeah but it is look it's
yellowy green the orange but then it's
look it's later and that's like that it
is I'm sorry oh my god am I to think
that's why it's giving you a half and
appease what's it say it's very nice
that's going to say it imagine like is
that why it's like going happy Happy's
call the helpline
hi I just did the thing in its green and
yellow what does that mean hold on it
looks like there's loads of colors one
of its core talked about chocolates but
then we can't either side it's also boy
not loyal any more of you or green maybe
we were not maybe we were premature in
there Oh give it another minute me
giving her a minute no it did seem to
change color more now it's gotten
lighter and it wasn't there
Jerald looks like it looks like your pea
with something in it
exactly which is either going to be
orange or green so maybe it's just like
stupid let's just paint the walls
whatever color it says wrecking so maybe
we're having another dog would you like
that guys you don't even know what's
going on what do you guys think also I
think like it kind of went wrong because
the syringe was broken which is terrible
yeah it was cracked so I had to try and
do a mining when I was like permanent my
own pee like what do you inject pee into
the painting to this but it wouldn't go
that's why it's called a pee here
because it kept spilling out trying to
Khepri feel it really filling it you're
supposed to put in 20 mils but I don't
know this is 20 miles I got going here I
just stopped when it kind of got to here
and um anyways so that was crap and then
when I picked it up I kind of like shook
it a little I went like that I'm not
supposed to do that you're supposed to
like not tamper with it at all it says
it on the thing but I read it after cuz
I picked up and I was like oh I wonder
and I just went
swoosh dinner I'm like no I didn't do
that but I switched up you're not
supposed to do usual stuff in the
beginning and then leave it and don't
touch that set and I keep changing
corners change again now Israel says
after five minutes you can't tell you
you're not supposed to read it after
five minutes when I look at it in the
light being closer okay here it this
thing yeah okay that is yellowy on this
side but not on that side and then acts
like clearly green
so whatever side you turn into it's you
go to that color also look this is hell
see this is how it was when I first
picked it up it was yellow on top and
then these parts here were green see
where the yeah yeah yeah so that's why I
went oh and I should
supposed to do that at all maybe that's
what's happened what the hell I don't
think we home I think look though I know
this it looks like boy you do this it
was like girl so weird
maybe it's - maybe it's twenties imagine
a boy and a girl
he was twins when you show him I know I
know I don't know anything about
pregnancy I'm just so annoyed I feel
like I was cheated I paid so much on
shipping and the syringe was broken and
the penny match you might write them an
email and be like look and I can send
them a picture and everything hmm
a few strings was broken and it didn't
work so you might have put the wrong man
to pee in there it's too much P
obviously dynamic half girl half boy
look it's half this and huh that's why I
switched it and then I was like oh crap
because it was like don't tamper with
don't we're supposed to have it on a
flat surface and then bring it to eye
level so I get those chemicals in there
that either float or sink so the green
stuff was saying it but then if the
green stuff hold on I know I can see it
yeah and then you see look that's not
telling me it's a girl like it's not
it's a half girl half boys yeah but hold
on maybe this stuff on the bottom right
oh yeah look at that maybe the stuff on
the bottom
float up if it's a boy and say it's damn
girl
Oh therefore I think we separate no but
therefore it's a girl because it was you
said it was yellow first then you
switched your end by diluting it you
don't see it creating their search that
looks like boy oh no take your hand away
again
weird I don't know
I think I feel like so cheated I feel
like guys I paid so much money for this
because I paid the full price and then I
don't ship it like 16 euros shipping I
heard that all the celebrities are using
it I have one on YouTube is it but how
did you ever use this thing yeah I never
used it and then I'm gonna in Ripper is
a boy boy I don't know maybe we have
what can you have like a boy and a girl
that's one you know how people like I
know I know and then there is a girl
half girl half boy so maybe like a super
feminine boy Kenny boy you're having a
gay boy what if it's a child that
depending on how to life is factor
changes their gender in some rooms
they're a girl you got a totally maybe
we won't go to that place again for
lunch today
never again
munch alpha male
oh and I was like unity elevators the
reason in fact that those elevators here
yeah we passed that what's the FCC
the past due
look at the place between the VIP
section because like that's cornered off
and that's Connor da gave you know she
just put it in that food sat down yeah
maybe he make the team buy things or
niggas cuz the IPO we said it before
word the backdrop nobody sit on the sofa
he s not one person like yeah
Green Hey look what I did guys could I
get as well you'll find out we're having
twins though you can have one you can
ordering three of them in the judgment
three times if I was carrying twins you
know
look who's talking you guys remember
look he's talking where am i think is up
he's talking to us all she was pregnant
anyway and she like eat like you know
boxes of donuts and everything like that
yeah but she's obviously that kinda
stuff is that like yes okay thanks
Oh shamrock nice laps crisps mm-hmm so
we were just talking over our nice lunch
when you were a kid where did you find
the food that you didn't want to eat
as I was saying that leaves the hide
ours in plants and then they end up
growing and then it isn't really a good
idea until my father said one day that
he was gonna wait till they all grow and
then we're gonna have to eat them all so
that would not be much fun but where did
you might I need to put them in her in
the side closet or her bedroom till they
all grew a mold farm
but I stopped after that because
I don't think Ava knows are checking the
rooms in alright the Attic so we have
like yeah
trotty thought it between the device
what device you're talking about so this
is all organized by can arrange what for
a mini celebration if you're having like
a mini celebration so like it scattered
over the bags my birthday how do they
celebrate my birthday here
that's that counting child but making
you excited yeah nothing can probably
embarrass the moment you have a child
their one goal in life probably to
embarrass you as much as possible and
I'm sure you need to travel invite you
more than me one I think our child will
embarrass you more than I can all right
go wow that's a big list see okay well
let's see let's see let's go which way
do we go is another difference though
between this kind of a suit and that
kind of the suit which was better for
you really I just never really know cuz
it was like I always do to come true it
was like make your own zoo you didn't
make it like fresh cut I don't even know
how you actually go about making soup
but just make soup like I'm gonna buy
one of these we're gonna try that and
see what it's like I just don't know
like it's I don't know I don't know I
always thought they were better cuz they
actually were like made soup you know
yeah now if you combine halloumi and
corn you could probably never meet eat
ever again
children start a pieces yeah get that
yeah
then yeah
let us begin even so seramins like
potato means what's the difference
impediments is very much gonna get the
sauces look you make sauces imagine that
on the list you don't you have to submit
your ideas for the list if you don't
submit the I
ah who's in the McCartney is that like
Paul McCartney
free to come home to chicken burgers
broccoli escalopes blue man
alright back next week take a different
chicken dippers healthy chicken dippers
next week I'm submitting to the list I'm
gonna remember all this next week I miss
that
and welcome on Big Brother some here and
they have to make their list and then I
didn't realize really that's it guy says
everything we're gonna eat this week
really yeah at home and volume you think
we can actually last a week
leave your comments leave your comments
you're already doubting us
but I just think we may have to write
for my
yeah crates of Oreos baby needed oh I
meant a tea boom
no I don't know come on again I get one
I get one thing one thing that has this
plus you actually had down
you had treats down and joke will
scatter no tricks oh yeah oh my goodness
guys lucky Easter eggs Easter eggs oh
yeah look at that one
pink everyone's Okinawa's oh my god a
complete easter eggs right already
look at these ones a huge huge oh my
goodness
imagine I've got every single subscriber
to send me any strike I have 20,000
Easter eggs 21700 and it's always I can
think you said oh I just lost one damage
please come back don't set me straight
guys
oh my god we're now what was that I
rescued a cat yeah and then you wouldn't
know guys do you remember when I rescued
the cat and she gave it a fair shake
it was so good it was so tasty choke a
bloke oh my god is that marshmallow
English dang that's crazy that is crazy
literally crazy what is the biggest
evening I want to untrue guys do a
research project for me I want the
biggest Easter egg possible I'm not
really interested in like you know any
like get loads of stuff well I don't
want the bars and all that stuff I want
the biggest egg actual chocolate pen
that's what you're looking for like you
can't but again like that's kind of
crappy you just get basically I think
it's just like a cup and a chocolate bar
you know what you want is that an
although who we're kids and I always got
a Yorkie myself my brother always got
your keys
inside and that is kind of cool actually
Wow my child yeah oh my god I get my son
this oh my god is a little bulldozer
awesome alright so our son is getting a
bulldozer and beside it for her she's
getting the Hello Kitty for a line then
the lines okay well those are the best
ever oh my god that's so cool I want the
bulldozer with your Muppets your keys is
for voice it doesn't actually say not
for girls on it yeah but what about
caramel bunny although that's kind of
like she's very sexualized as a cartoon
character
so maybe not well they are kind of cute
yeah I don't think you should get our
children Lindt chocolate Hey unless of
course we want to read this down then we
should totally get to mint chocolate
eggs
no no just a pure eggs they're kind of
cool
oh look at this one like this is like
the most boring ever
oh my god it's the cleaners I remember
when I was a kid myself my brother
we stole of the chocolate like well we
always sold its my parents but we're in
my eyes and we broke into like whiskey
and stuff in the inside we were punished
truffles wouldn't it be awesome no the
boys one giant truffle and you got a
spoon read it I need you to spoon out
the truffle look healthy ones not vegan
but isn't chocolate generally none like
vegan okay
come one chapter
Oh what's the Carroll happily partners
with you ma'am
what what do you find there it is kind
of cool actually I like that one too
I like all of them again is there that's
weird look
hmm mint chocolate chip
where's after eight why don't I try to
make it I think I would like an after
eight eggs because when I go back to
Sorrento first thing I'm doing is I'm
going to the ice-cream shop and getting
myself after a gelato I'm getting
mustachio tells me the first thing out
the paint here look at this
we made a Tesco how awesome is dad
where's my little builder this is the
Tesco creator what I just bought her dog
with her - oh my this is Alec my name is
Daniel and Steven helped a bit shout out
Wow how awesome is that we have a test
going down look at our village are you
guys village it's awesome it's so cool
but I can't believe the Tesco that is so
cool that's so awesome
like I said yeah I was like maybe a
Tesco or something's like oh man I just
I'm gonna do that I'm gonna do a full
walkthrough on di Joker's channel no but
it's just so cool - Tesco is so cool so
it's my makeup it's all like weird on
this side it's because I just woke up
from her
nap so nice it was so good they got like
no sleep last night
I really needed that not anybody I just
woke up coming up and I basically
drooled on this tonight I was thinking
is like I woke up a slick drool up here
and like my boy thought so this side of
my face is probably like the makeups
like but yeah I'm not going anywhere
it's just you and me so you know that's
the funny thing in it you're like if
you're a vlogger if you're blogging you
feel like well I feel like I do get
privacy because we would love whenever
we want but you know if you're at home
when you're on you're like downtown
you're still like in front of the camera
sometimes which is funny isn't it hey
guys you want treat we've got all new
treats one today yeah here Albie Albie
Albie
you know you want it good boy he does
this stupid thing where he won't eat it
fast enough or like won't even stream
then she fits
kind of a little fault anyway so I'm
just making simple pasta tonight because
we're not doing anything special really
occur Monday night usually a kind of
passive some sorta sushi are where they
like
so I'm making the squiggly path stuff to
see me with this sauce which we actually
had one last week as well when I bought
it it's so good it's the perilla ricotta
sauce
and then we got some partisan here we
got lot of cheese actually and I forgot
I wanted to get it was like you on my
list and I must've overlooked it I
wanted to get like my friend through
from America oh so sore I wanted to get
like baby bells or cheese strict no no
leave her alone I swear he is just a
little sexual pest all right Wow yeah I
wanted to get like snack cheese's and
stuff but I guess it's okay I have
yogurt and everything it's fine it's not
like I'm gonna be starving the whole
week okay
oh and we have some cookies for dessert
I might make these tonight for dessert
let's see cuz I found these Betty
Crocker
have like taken over I mean oh my god
the roof my back that's still buried
I need some water Oh I mean buddy-cop
here if you live nuestra familia so
that's normal but over here in Ireland
the Betty Crocker is like not that I
mean we have like maybe in like big
shopping centers maybe three or four
Betty Crocker products like I'm not
joking like it's not more than that and
that's about it we don't have a lot of
Betty Crocker products like we would
have I'll tell you what's the most
popular is the the normal chocolate
cookie makes chocolate chip cookie mix
the one of the brownies are usually
there and I think one of the cakes like
the chocolate cake or devil's food cake
or one of those anyway and then you can
get sometimes you can get the icing not
always
that's gross there's no it's like
peeling egg and I went to we went to
Tesco yesterday and I just saw like all
the they had like the whoopie pie things
they had the white chocolate chip which
is my favorite they used to have that
and now they don't any more like I mean
or they didn't anymore so I was like oh
my god I need to get this so I bought
two packs in case they decide to stop
making her to stop buying them again and
they had like kept the carrot cake
they had like two different types of
cookies they had fudge brownies if they
had so much stuff and I know in America
it's pretty normal but here in our Linda
well at least where I live it's like we
don't have that access to that much
money buffer stop and
I really like it so love the white
chocolate because I'm not a fan of real
a chocolate chip cookies unless it's
white so I'm gonna make them so really
happy I thought it was kind of a big
deal for me actually
and where is my little measuring spoon
you should put salt in water I'm gonna
start right cigarettes bull rock have my
cookies in the oven they are on a pizza
vase not base but like a pizza baking
tray because we don't have like a cookie
sheet or anything so oh all right yeah I
thought we did but turns out we don't so
unless it's shoved in the back somewhere
I'm gonna count Planet book so they are
baking for 10 minutes a pass is almost
done and everything is pretty much on
track right right Tina
so I think we're gonna eat in there
today I think Jonathan has some shows
for us which is good because um I love
watching shows name in time and we
watched what they call the something the
increasingly bad decisions arson they're
increasingly ba decisions of Todd
Margaret and it's so funny we watched it
last night we've been watching it since
the beginning but it's so like it's so
cringy it's so funny I love it and it's
with that guy who played like oh what's
your name it's not a lot of if you
watched Arrested Development it's got a
lot of those people in it it's got that
guy who played the the sister is husband
and like they like didn't love each
other it was oh my God he's just so
funny
he's so cringy and then will arnett
isn't it - who's hilarious he's like
favorite that is pretty funny too so
we're not gonna watch that tonight
obviously cuz watch it last night but I
don't want to let you guys know how
funny it is if you haven't checked that
you should definitely check out the
increasingly there's the increasingly
poor decisions of Todd Margaret I think
that's what it's called actually yeah
check it out
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
