oh my goodness no sleep last night
back off spin out to the server making
sure everyone's having a good time
everything survive tonight so awesome
did say I gotta stop talking X I know a
lot of you people I know
how do you like you guys don't like GM
play minecraft are any interest in
everybody like I wish you'd stop talking
it up - well I will slightly yes it's
just cool you know her age goes into I
was like I was like well I set up like a
forum you know who we can like you know
because I don't want to where people can
go and be positive and shadow a teacher
and you know I love when you guys are
like get to know each other in comments
and even though even when like people
are being negative towards us but then
like other people are being negative and
then they become like Nike no friends
you know and they're like oh my god you
see when my job is yes - oh my god
Chavez is such an idiot oh my god I
teach office is an idiot - oh my god
that's me that's how that I hate your
first well and then then you form a
community around hating me and then you
you and oh you mean the community oh man
mocking me it doesn't matter it's all
about community it's all about you know
let's all have a good time you know
leave a comment and whatever you want to
say however you feel leave a comment and
someone might reply to your comment and
then that will spark off a thing and I
love when that happens you know I think
you and what everyone's like at each
other and doesn't matter what you're
saying but the point is that people are
like communicating with each other so
yeah not only is it like a
one-dimensional thing when you sit here
and watch but now we'll YouTube in the
comments it's like it's like it's got
its it's a two dimensional system
because one dimension is that the
viewing and you just like yeah but then
the other dimension is like dead the
interaction that's like white that's why
I like this mind wrap thing is awesome
because although it's a it's it's it's
so multi-dimensional you know and that
in fact that like you know and want one
side you're looking
and you're hearing and then you're
playing and you're you're adventuring
but then you're communicating and you're
interacting and you're being social and
there's so many different aspects for
but growing in community and you know
people building houses everywhere and
making it their own and it's a place
like and I'll try and keep it on all the
time so it's a place people can come and
make friends and I don't know it's just
awesome because like back years ago I
remember I spent so much time in chat
rooms like I was always in chat rooms
like you know because I like I loved
being able to just like you know chat
away to people to make friends like and
then you know being like you know
logging in every day to my friend he
spent like our more when I think was
like 1997 and 98 when like my dad and I
used to work for this like eastward in
this communications company right the
first one so like trial this what's this
internet system internet something that
for take off you know and that's what we
kind of started it started coming out in
Ireland and then you got access to this
thing certain thing I didn't know there
was no Google ran back then like so you
go to the insane there's like wait
there's nowhere to go unless you knew it
domain name you know what I think I
don't know somehow I found like this
chatroom like you know and I actually
sat there for like 40 hour just a whole
night long like day night day night oh
brother like I think it was a way that
we can but he came in you know he's kind
of strange like oh you're still there
and then he left and then he came back
like a day or something later and he's
like are you still actually sitting
there you know and I was like yes I am I
was so addicted like you know it was a
boom instant spark like and then I were
like just so many different chimes where
I've had so many different ships and
friends that I never knew when I never
met but they were just habit artist it
was just like there was something I
don't know awesome about that that you
can just do that and then when I see
people communicating with my in the
comments and then and this little
minecraft thing and stuff it really
brings that back in it really makes me
feel like am i creating a platform for
you guys to develop that interaction and
have that kind of fun that I was having
in a platform and someone else made good
morning
that is like Cody Jones sofas is doing
his manly chores mm-hmm plastic thing no
it's funny good when you eat healthier
it's about before nas worse
whereas if you eat all processed food
which is terrible when it's true oh oh
oh it's dripping you I need that job
just like the only job that and
vacuuming those are Johnson's jobs and
then I do all the other stuff like
tennis full of cleaning stuff so I made
a list of shopping for the week because
I got really inspired I was watching
Marny miss gold girls other channel like
her vlog channel called that stink so
bad I could smell it too called life
it's called life with gold girl or life
life is gold girl I think anyways yeah
and she had like all these videos of
like you know organizational tips I'm
like how to plan your grocery shopping
and a lady we wouldn't even matter and
you just like market really quick
oh yeah yeah yeah I'm just gonna hold a
rut dead flesh off my hands if it's okay
with you anyway so she had all these
really cool videos and tips and stuff
and she made this video on grocery
shopping for the week and like weekly
planning 60 was so hot in here guys I
need this so um no just spray that
little patch in that's fine but Amy so
she was like yep you know tuck my hair
to plan for the week and everything and
we like never do that like we are so
badass up I don't think my mom did
either
I think my mom did like bi-weekly shops
because I definitely don't remember
forever like planning the week's food or
anything like that but I feel like
that's something that I could definitely
do so I was really inspired by her
videos and I decided that I was going to
make a list for the week and try and
stick to a budget and then like just try
and do the week shop and that way we
won't have to go again like every single
day and hopefully we'll save money as
well so I made it a plan of what we're
gonna eat all next week it's probably
gonna change a little bit because we
have to travel one of those days
so one name nanos Tuesday knock on time
Wednesday Pizza Hut Thursday Domino's
Friday
mama mamas yeah but yeah I mean look
before experience but I feel like I feel
so motivated now and you check out her
videos they're really good she's really
like smart she's got I don't know she's
got some really good tips so we're gonna
go into our weekly shop now and see how
that goes
she looks so bad in here I swear it's
because of all the fruit weed I know I
was that well when you juice yeah forget
about it like although we're offenders
we have a thing in the map in the
gardener yeah okay well sorry can enjoy
our weekly shop looking for diseases I
know my favorite win you forgot the
magical device
to be arrow why are we walking away from
the car with no banks and other vices
were no heroes
sorry
I have no Euro on me or anything why do
you say something in the car leave that
perhaps you forgot guys bring that with
us it is like the worst was ever this
kitchen your body I don't know if I have
a gyro I'll know the bikes are
definitely in the boot but I runner we
had a gyro instead you know like we're
supposed to shop for the week and you
forgot to bring the charlie money we're
not gonna fit our shopping for the
weekend a basket about sceetos oh no
this is a bad situation lads are minors
like euros all over the kitchen
we're gonna do that first
what but no no no chunk we don't need
the bags cause we're gonna charlie
Oh
you can grab a year off from
we like stick it up buddy take
everything none of just just for your
openness so we are thinking getting some
lunch Marks and Spencers or bake the
factory or O'Brien's it's kind of funny
is kinda boring like anything I like I
like you better - what's that
probably just a massive big sea turns
out that if you don't eat butter like I
don't need winter there's nothing you
can get because everything is buttered
all the time which isn't everything from
a land father in every garage that's
pretty but shame on you want some
exercise let's go to O'Brien's we can
get unbuttered Sandra let's say we go to
Pacino's after this guy steady makeup
load here
oh sorry it's my upgrade I go further
shut down shame on you FBI
shame shame on everybody today no just
doesn't make upgrade its joking new you
I don't understand
kind of that kind of humor you know you
guys know what I'm talking about
you know
like I calm ping ping calm laughing that
doesn't mean that are you gonna get
Belgian waffle but ice cream in Italian
sir
for that
we've got a new green tea comes which is
kind of different likes actually also
came to lemon I should are we lemon we
lemon to my green tea that's kind of
cool tasty just a bit hot warning dumb
pinky get this down he actually just put
the lemon on the end not squeeze it just
Oh Oh what are you thinking oh you put
in the tea but oh yeah okay okay
these inside
pour it in oh really
yes I knew this company mines gonna
water all Pacino's this is actually the
place where Anna first met my mom four
years ago over four years I mean five
years ago you're pointing something
whatever that cuz I'm Eric is that I
didn't know what I was basically only
here for university but I remember I
knew this place oh she used to come down
like every few months so I might add for
like when we just like chat about what's
going on and then I was like oh I want
you to know I want to introduce you to
someone she's like who is like it's Nina
like all the leaners
wieners
we went we did we did I remember I
ordered something vegetarian and she was
like yeah I wasn't biting though what
let you me into that table dude she
loves me but now I am yeah okay did we
get it
like she thought I was vegetarian
here with the vegetation okay this is
where I am when you first meet your
significant other his parents must
accommodate probably one of the two
clothes that I probably alright not
great thinking
Great Neck with no shirt on me oh yeah
yeah I know what I was I was running
back tonight
when we met I didn't have a lot of
clothes I bring a green Ralph Lauren
polo shirt and skinny jean
oh my dream nude short hair in it yeah I
remember what I was doing that morning
on the computer for different occasions
I think she was dressed on
probably mom don't put some crazy
earrings or something like that oh yeah
this is where it all started over in
that corner spot over there
over in that corner sorry that pointed
it out oh yeah look at this now my child
and away so I'm thinking of taking up
reading their books because she spends a
lot of time in bed these days and and
you just like totally read that book in
like a con hour or two hun yeah it was
like a 500 pagers on that boom flew to
it so if you guys have any suggestions
what kind of books do you like their
worries if you just look at the names of
books and you just sorta like pick it
and author and then just like say all
the names in their books like out loud
like he always seems like what'd it
sound crazy you know the charmer the
friend discard to control the love of my
life the heartbreak of my life no which
one do you read first likely to die
killers heat the silent man dryer look
great there's many many I just go just
just rent the movie it's easier change
plan junior everything everything's
changed the world has changed the world
looks different
that's bananas
so we decided to hear not going to buy
all the stuff today we decided we're
just gonna get what we need for today
and it may be at a later date like
sometime I didn't know like tomorrow
because it's a Monday isn't it it's like
a Monday you know something something is
a day of relaxing in there playing
Minecraft servers but it's not really
gonna day where you want to come
chop-chop day long is it do that
tomorrow
guys do I see when our child looks like
hey if you're watching this said child
this is what we called you we named you
after a delicious after meal treat or
sometimes two for meals or sometimes all
day long treat my embarrassing you for
all your friends watches like oh we go
to duds an idiot I am
I have she running low on tea green tea
with lemon justice
Anna look at this thing it's kind of
actual like pizza or something in it
is it weird Cory tea with lemon but I
think it's actual the lemon things okay
well tell me if I should buy it if you
guys know about this and I'll come back
and get it I'm not gonna get it this
time because I'm kind of afraid of it
until I get that if you've ever had it
there's another close-up look that's
what it is there okay thank you very
much for that information baby inside my
wife I put a baby inside my wife I put a
baby inside my wife now she is still
with strife that's the biggest song oh
wee wee wee wee wee
what's the worst that can happen
where's the dr. pepper pepper Oscar same
thing mozzarella pesto chiesa di mama z
it's Mama's pizza still have enough some
time in the server by the way yes
thanks all the new awesome people that
have joined the server today oh that
looks like a satisfactory situation
that's bestow'd he's like brand new I've
never had these before they're like a
brand new deep that you want to go
outside little website you want for
Sammy's movies
don't open ami oh my god guys there
apparently I like it is snowing in like
every country in the world except for
Ireland and look tonight oh my goodness
and they're like a scary movie misty
that's crazy
no snow for jovis dare I say it
it's not much office imagine his little
of religion the you guys server snow for
chocolate
could you imagine it snow tonight oh my
god I think I would actually wet my
pants
yes come on inside inside let's go let's
go let's go come on come on come on come
on good boy good boy
oh he's speaking of wetting my pants you
know that thing I said everyone forgot
about it
well you see see early this MUCC show
it's for charity
I can't remember any of the details but
um they're upstairs on an email from
people and yeah basically it's on I
can't even remember that he said to 26th
of February now it's 10 euros for a
ticket and it goes to a good cause
but you can see what what well I'm
presenting it's like um I've been like
hosting in summer maybe like the crash
blood Bill and he was like a hundred
million people going that's what that's
what I that's what I'm expecting
100 million it's in DM the everyman
theatre which is in Cork so if you're in
court and you're like oh my god enough
to be Chavez and do something nice for
charity whilst being entertained at an
awesome event in pub in two weeks then I
have just the thing for you I will tell
you more details probably tomorrow if I
remember your night Prince and the first
books but yeah it's there you see these
are used to see come bouncing compound's
with me come dining me UCC companion me
and yeah it's it's rotten it's poor I
didn't want to say it wrong thing right
the hospice - I don't even want to say
it wrong just to get it wrong oh my god
I'm such a horrible person but yeah on
the 26th of February I'll give you more
details coming to it because we're
actually we might be doing something
next on Valentine's Day it goes it's
going to be happening about as ever were
according in next week I think which is
like totally Otts
but I'd only tell you about that yet
because we're gonna finalize the details
on that kind of stuff but uh yeah so a
couple of things coming up but if you
want to come meet Joe ffice yeah yeah if
you come if you come to the FCC thing
right and you spend your 10 euros and
you give it to the good charity until
you see people who are gonna give it a
good charity I will do sort of a meet-up
type of thing I'll say hi I'm
what's up well by 5 Shh that's the kind
of thing that you're interested in you
know I know making out okay married you
know oh yeah
Casa Casa de mama hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
