so just wanted to let you guys know I'm
a little secret well this is my outfit
of the day today was yesterday the day
before and you can expect you can expect
see this outfit right here quite a lot
in the next few days let's just say
weeks because um I just like leggings
right now yeah I feel more comfortable
in the news and so that's pretty much
all I wear like skinny jeans and I'm
just more comfortable in leggings right
now so yeah that's my little secret
leggings not returning anywhere like I
know I'm not showing or anything but
it's just right comfort for me it's like
it's super bloated throughout the day
anyways um I need to make my lunch
before this gets cold hold on you guys
can go there see the biscuit Tim came in
handy an amazing thing as always because
you really don't have anything off in
the fridge I know it's boring but
whatever I like it it's healthy and
that's all that matters so we got some
really cool stuff from some of you guys
yesterday and I think Jonathan showed
some of it but not all so I'm gonna have
to show you guys some the other things
cuz I got some I got a book oh my god I
was so excited this morning I thought
it's a test tube and I thought the hunt
is for Jonathan this pass that came to
an exam
that's his present and then there was
two separate Paxson's like folks and
weird maybe they sent them like
separately or something know what the
smaller was for me and I didn't
even know because I opened it just to
see what it looked like I know it was a
book for me it was like the cutest book
it was like Jenny McCarthy's book on
pregnancy I'll show to you guys upstairs
but from finis
so thank you so much I should not expect
that at all like you did not have to
send me anything guys you don't have to
send me anything please like don't feel
like you need to but it was so sweet of
you
so thank you so I'm gonna read that like
tonight I think or like we started
tonight it looks really funny and kind
of cute so can't wait for that thank you
so much and then I got some other stuff
that I'm gonna show you guys but I have
to make it fun which first before it was
cold okay so hold on okay so I made my
sandwich so this is from let me just
check Amy Adam and she sent me look how
cute can you see that their little baby
like footprints or like feet footprints
feet footprints maybe on like a silver
chain it's not like focusing right now
but you can kind of guess just from
looking at it what it looks like so that
was so sweet it's a necklace so thank
you so much Amy Adam I think it's Adam
yeah and then so you got all this stuff
from James I think Jonathan showed that
yesterday so that was really nice of him
and then we got these which are so cute
for all being see now look how adorable
two bows with little Maltese on them oh
my god so there's a blue one and a pink
one for senior and those were from
Phineas Valley
because I think it said it somewhere on
the label okay right now but I think yes
so thank you so much guys that was so
sweet and then Jonathan got some
birthday cards
I'm just lovely because we love getting
cards and then this is Jonathan's
present but I think I'm actually gonna
bring this upstairs because I think it's
too tempting using it here he kind of
you know was what I was already so it's
not like a surprise or anything I'm glad
I might do like a treasure hunt or
something so we'll see so and then my
book is upstairs I'll show that to you
guys that are bringing my lunch because
my mom's coming over we're gonna go to
the Italian shop the boot specialties
and that's gonna be super fun so I might
I might vlog some of that what is going
on here
I'll be and I need to have a little talk
okay you just stop harassing your sister
thinking you'd stop licking her no no
okay so we are at the Italian shop oh my
god what it is and
and just get this camera right I'm gonna
buy some stuff some food get some shots
toxin kinda low on fast alright alright
I got this
I'll be good
more pasta sauce is too if you get a
good quality jarred sauce it's not a
sadist any nice quality Napoletana
I think I will
we also got Jonathan's birthday present
from my mom so I can't show you that
obviously yeah
and I got some olive oil
oh when I got this
I know it's really bottom
that's what Jonathan got food for
America Christmas
they look really I loved wait I'm not
really chocolate fan but I love white
chocolate they love
hi Oreo do you do it in there you're
going to the vet we got this pot oh
you we got this box from the Italian
shop cuz we got so much stuff and then
you just put Oreo in Oriya why do you
hate me oh so dark in it oh happy Miffy
you okay boy so I didn't have well cuz I
already had my lunch but Emma and my mom
had lunch Emma made butternut squash is
it but I'm not squash yeah yeah soup and
I'm taking some home cuz uh
looks really good I shouldn't have eaten
before I came I should have known
anyways we got some really nice stuff
well I show you what I got
actually I'll show you what I got okay
this is like a food haul okay so I got
something for Jonathan for Valentine's
I'm not going to be that I got this
which is amazing it tastes like it's not
from a cabbage are chickpeas I got this
em I hate like potato puree it's not
like it's like the easy way out of doing
mashed potato but I love it I don't know
why I just really liked it my
grandmother like myoma makes it at em I
hate that but I've always hated it
okay and then I got this which is good
for like family Friday because it's the
pizza you know the pizza dough
that's already kind of made and then
people like ready-made but anyway so
this is Pizza pronto and it's like um
she went in
what are you doing you're so weird
do you like it in there or something
this is a new bed sorry it's so dark but
you know mi likes to save electricity
so anyways umm no seriously she likes
okay everyone turns off for like um got
some squiggly pasta from tenday I think
that's it oh and Chili's Oh YUM I love
anchovies so much and oh and I got olive
oil that one right there alright I can't
do this with one hand but um it is
disgusting look at that well not the
garden but I mean the ring again yeah
it's really rainy outside it's horrible
so we won't be going for a walk today
actually I was going to go for a walk
this morning and then I thought like I
wouldn't because I have so much cleaning
and stuff to do it shows you're gonna
tell I'm doing right now
well no I did a little bit before we can
I have to fill my January favorites
video after all day guys not finally ok
I'm on fire but I'm in my mind it's Paul
whatever nice jumper so yeah this is our
oh god this is our Minecraft world it's
gonna be amazing
it's kind of like so it's got like the
biggest roller coaster in the world ever
and it's like so amazing you see it off
there and distance like is amazing I'm
gonna invite a couple of people in with
the IP address tonight to see em to see
how it works out with em oh my goodness
I'm so excited to still be so long I
wonder this for so long I just think
it's gonna be so much and I had been
working on it took me an entire pack of
Oreos
entire pack of Oreos to do this but oh
my goodness how excited if you play
Minecraft are you awesome luck our first
textures in look oh this is 100 around
his birthday this is the first room that
you come into like quizzes wouldn't
going where you gonna go so much fun oh
my god
come we'd invite all you guys in here oh
god so now I'll have us broken out
somebody left the monsters - I had them
trapped in but so we let the monsters
act
oh no no it's not it's not working out
well it's not yeah well
so much fun though look we got everyone
in here now this is so cool like this is
so much fun like yeah there's my world
over there you guys world but is is
where you start here and you have to
make your way over this is so much fun
so that was an awesome first day
yes everyone in here now it's so much
fun like there's still some people in
there but I'm I'm gonna leave it deserve
$1 I'm now but at it was so much fun we
made a you guys village and then we
expanded out of that to make a huge city
which we're working on then which
they're still working on now and oh my
gosh did so much fun but I can't believe
it's a 3 in the morning so again thank
you to everybody that and that came
along like at one point man like I think
you're like 17 18 people in this server
like it was mental like like I only like
tweet like DM to people that were like
all available so I'm really cool when
I'm like I'll make it I'll make the IP
address fully available to anybody with
minecraft but at the moment if you do
want to join our UI server make sure to
follow me on Twitter and DM or lucky on
me follow me on Twitter so tell me that
you want to join a server a lot of DME
the IP address and that way that's why
I'm doing at the moment just started
keeping it slow because I want to set
all the permissions and stuff because
we're building this whole like we've got
like six or seven different little
cities on the go you know and it's like
everyone has their houses with their
names and stuff and I want to make sure
that someone's not gonna come into the
server and like ruin everyone's fun but
I breaking their assets and stuff kisses
like if case of cubing and I could see
it like everyone just like chatting away
through themselves and having grown the
phone that's like oh my god like this is
so awesome it's kind of like chatroom
2.0 because it's a chat room but you
build it up my house and the chickens
and just I don't know it's totally
awesome once we get like the main
structure and stuff done I think I'm
let's start to go on adventures and
stuff you know what it's like I don't
know these are like putting the fun
stuff like I don't know what
I was an awesome first day like oh my
god I've actually been at this since
like 10 o'clock this morning trying to
get the server up call my ISP like
getting all the ports bored it like said
all my goodness I can't believe is
actually it's so it's awesome it's
awesome that's what I spend my Saturday
night then just pick just a turd a night
there I'm sorry just block it's probably
a short one today but it was working
because we got this thing up and running
I love making the community awesome
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
