I guess I'll bein seen I got the mail
today right thanks for that guys thanks
for ad for appreciate that oh goodness
did you get the mail for bud did you get
the mail for every inch of the body says
no no no but my brain is saying yes yes
yes so cold but we must go sure shocked
it's Chuck's or walkies could make stuff
for walkies good luck sir
oh goodness so I'm thinking about seeing
Chronicle later because everyone's going
on about it and it looks really good it
looks kind of like heroes but like it
film kind of like you know that's kind
of like hang with camera and stuff like
that
so if you get me going tonight maybe
hitting up nanos as well gonna go put a
walk Popo Nando chronic Oh Michael
sounds like NCIS yesterday I haven't
seen you know what no no no no Quantico
is a Criminal Minds isn't it wonderful
it is it is indeed so yeah so M that's
pretty much today's agenda agenda also
I'm trying to get to mine that server
working because guys I mean what are
coasters I made the most emetic roller
coaster in history plus I made em when
you arrived like I don't know root of
fun but I made it like so you spawn in
maybe he does cool roller coaster need
to get all these questions like where
it's like awesome mom are awesome dad
you know and only you guys know there's
there's fun stuff like that like there's
like little quizzes and then if you get
the wrong one you'll burn and die
essentially you'll fall into a pool of
lava but if you get it right you're
carried on you know just like a fun
thing like that cuz I wanted something
cool so I'm I'm trying it my friend
were called from the studio yes Rand
Paul so M he's trying to help me build
in some of the stuff but M just can't
get outside access like you have a local
connection and then I get like a
land-based connection but I'm so Nova
networked who is my ISP I was talking to
him this morning and they're gonna try
and see if they can get the ports sorted
to allow access in so you can have an
awesome time awesome time because I like
I'll come on so we can bike you know I
once had a hard week you guys have been
doing your mocks like oh that's got it
that's gotta suck so you guys have been
to work he's just like he's been like
it's been a tough day college school
worth and she's have a nice fun weekend
control classes minecraft server oh yeah
be good you see Roxette for I'm back
together rocks at what that's harness
the power of the doggy dog oh my gosh
you can look see you can walk come on we
get job in a circus dance dance dance
dance dance dance dance tux yeah oh my
goodness we should totally exploit her
we should put her on YouTube and we
should got like a record deal and then
you can tour her and then we could live
off her earnings we did it
even though every part of my body
anything I don't want to be here oh yeah
it doesn't actually fit my one does fit
all right that's a let's set the
application so post to Facebook and
Twitter and then everyone be like oh
yeah look at this waiting for GPS
waiting for GPS I think the hardest part
is like you know you're sitting in bed
it's really really warm and stuff and
you're like sipping your tea and you're
like just watch a couple of more YouTube
videos no just a Coney Joey's now just
watch that one you know that's a nice 20
minute I'll just have a quick shower I
need lunch I'll do it after lunch I've
had my lunch I'm kind of for wiggle I
digest maybe I'll watch a bit more
YouTube where I'm digesting I what guys
is that time alright you gotta start
making dinner ready
okay all right I'll go after dinner it's
dark and cold yeah I'll go tomorrow yeah
a few deer tomorrow but if you just get
here you say I'm just gonna walk halfway
I'm just gonna walk the corner but when
she get here you're like boom committed
it's just beginning here it's a problem
isn't it yeah a little bit
it's always so nice out here you always
feel connected after this what I'm gonna
do when I get home I'm gonna make myself
a Paula Deen deep fried chocolate filled
cheesecake oh my god you have to turn up
or something rolled in sugar deep fried
it and pastry like oh my god I cannot
believe he's rapping at pastry I cannot
believe she's deep fried I cannot
believe she's put chocolate that I
cannot really it just kept going on
there was like lasagna sandwich yeah
this is like Epic Meal Time the original
Epic Meal Time or something like no
offense when you guys actually like like
her and watch her and I now put em it's
just very shocking because I don't need
people that you know eat that much stuff
over here but was an eye-opener isn't it
you know it's not funny like there's the
dream has that has that we wanted
remember that we talked we were gonna
get in the other cup with the baby had
it and imagine now pregnant and so we
told him that and it would have given it
to us I think what I was saying about
the gods unanswered prayers saying I
think it's right because I do prefer who
we have now like you know it's a nice
area like if he's like shot I just send
her like and everything about it like so
close to your mom's house like here we
better like also the hairs is
yeah yeah on the inside yeah yeah that
wouldn't have liked a blue card I think
that might have more square feet there's
something in it
you know but they're like the only thing
that's had gone obviously with this you
know which is awesome but that's but
that's living where we used to live so I
like to read somewhere new and I don't
know I really like we are living now so
I think it was good thanks guys
I don't know I just feel really in the
mood for super super cuz I haven't had
it cuz I had the hoops then I had the
spaghetti and then the hoops and then
this big Eddie's Party nominee super
super in a while so I decided I will
venture 14 get some soup that's some
soup pea soup when it's boiling like the
lava the sky not sure what's gava means
but looks tasty and my toast this is the
kind of toast looking for you see that
it's nutty and brown and it's got poppy
seeds and rye and all sorts of goodness
inside her I had to go at four
I like to go over for them good stuff
that we received from local Jaime MC
sent me that will be an appropriate time
he also sent us am little ad think it's
like you're gonna keychain thing a
little pumpkin and he said I'm not a
little pair of headphones or your phones
then he's give me a USB thing which I
forgot to stick in the computer but I'm
going to get around for that now how's
it got like a birthday card you know
your favorite song in the elevator
that's kind of true Suzanne the lair I
much happiness even your special day and
year oh thanks a lot
any birthday cards are the best oh
goodness from Erica to you find Erica
you like a week to eat hey weeks
resist everything you achieve clean 11
obese your ego
just as good oh no it's a product snores
snoring mm these are my birthday
presents these are my presents from Ana
think what's inside okay sometimes I
like hmm Tostitos oh yeah oh yeah oh now
my special white ball I own shoe system
because it's got a wide base I do like
my wide bastes oops it's white design
pulse matrix I don't even know who it's
from you know his matrix so yeah it's
what you deal with nothing do it again
because like I said it's like a gel
spring wax you like this and then you
spray it into your hair but then this is
what I trademark
okay whatever anything it was spray me
to scrape spray you have to do it okay
one two come on girl it's a work out of
it and then you don't like Missy cool
you know is that your secret yeah beauty
secret day-to-day to hair everybody
dance your way to date you hair yeah
thanks your hair
and Jonathan uses it to is ready to go
but I don't know who it's by or where to
buy it or anything with us so once it
runs out that's a no what are we gonna
do so if you send this to me no it was a
company I know what was the company in
are watching this and you sent this to
me please let me know because I really
like it
wasn't that it was like 10 or 20
projects like I've never not that powder
stuff it's like by the same breath is
very small and I did it on my sister's
hair it says like a tennis isn't a
worker ball and I just like put it in
her because she is we find our hands on
me like I really thick hair but I wanted
to give her more volume and it's just
sprayed it and it's like a powder and
then it was like wasn't it it was like
nitrate 60 is kind of like like a poof
or a bouffant or whatever
coupons Frazee rules oh my goodness it
is such a mess in here are you trying to
come back from the P o box it's like
such a mess if Jonathan show you
everything that we got I change the date
so thank you so much to everybody who
sent something and you know what
this is Jonathan's birthday present I
need to take those up to my room
but I'm jumping what is this
when you see general while ago we were
so young for something young you can
feel it then we went to super bio we saw
I never saw the Toblerone geeks in the
spine I said Tom no I can't deny you
I was just coming down here to fix
myself a healthy snack and then I see
them and my comment later another I
can't have it now you have to be healthy
for the baby
what oh my god focus everyone on Twitter
okay hang on I'm gonna yes my role now
is out of focus like every single time
ah okay I think I need to eat some
yogurt because are you always are like
not don't eat them both
what don't leave them both what but why
not you said you wanted that yeah I
might want it later later
you always miss everything cuz I just
I'm like I'll save that for later
and then
come back to Tron
I live in the know this and maybe an art
you have your cupcakes
should I tell you what I also did what
should I come clean and everything
I love you you got a world and I just
want to say one thing
oh and one thing you just done it I just
want to say one thing if you ever feel
the need to buy this don't buy it ever
in your life because it's disgusting see
these letters right here UHT that means
gross milk is what that means that means
grow yeah it does don't ever buy it it's
sick
are you seriously having both of them oh
no no no why would I take em I have a
specific way of cutting it and they
don't like nothing okay bringing back a
little bit orange not that one
I use a different I use this one I need
it Mesa right this is so sure nobody's
it would have grown oh no it was like
films on like five minutes or something
like that and we're like sitting in this
horrible traffic here no I just want to
go over there I think well this first
started so annoying
maybe night I tried to go earlier cuz I
hate that crackling and then it's like
the item is to start the film and it
take a machine automated system thing
won't give you your tickets because
you're laid and then you go in and it's
dark and you can't find a good seed and
it on there's a queue for the popcorn
and move my life
look it's cream for hella backdrop up
where everywhere so clinical when I did
like you better was one of those her
like I like to call it YouTube film
because it was all done on my cameras
and stuff yeah
do you agree yeah you know what am he's
not offended I thought it was gonna be
you know I thought it was quite good you
know but don't go any expecting like I
think I think people that didn't like it
expected they didn't think was gonna be
one of those time quartering type of
films like a pointed do you type of
fellow but if you know that it's gonna
be a POV con it you know when it owes
camcorder type films then I think it's
pretty awesome life so I'd give it I
give it a thumbs up
you know it's better than a lot of the
kind of stuff we've seen recently this
weird Canadian cinema so areas like plus
there's no queues which was totally
awesome long way hmm I think we're gonna
go over to Anna we got invited we were
gonna go to Nando's but I think my wife
Darla had said that she's getting Thai
from Mac on time so I think we're gonna
go there instead
yeah sounds like a better offer I can't
I own endows I will miss you I will mr.
chicken one thing now after going to see
the film you might start walking home
and start going like no didn't work I'm
just gonna fly home I would love to be
able to fly though you get any
superpower I would like to really know
why not
that was like no it was sad but Oh
spoiler alert I nearly spoiler alert it
so M yeah
the plane he doesn't spoil it art but
something else would but never really
cool if you had those kind of powers but
it'd be kind of like looking in a car
well well if you're if you're engaged if
you're an apex hunter you are hello car
hello did you all miss house
dudududududududu bitter woman hey pedlar
you look hilarious we're getting some
chicken daiquiri or some green Thai
curry because that's how I roll
what's your favorite Thai curry flavor
tell me tell me leave me in the comments
leave me in the comments don't leave me
in the comments take me home Tiny Tim
mmm
dippy dippy dippy dippy hmm I know brave
wrap anything I like to dip it in there
Oh through the hair
look what we got guys
check this out um you just cover the air
cover the thing over so look our
electrician our ultrasound our abstract
speciality and look look please drink
one liter of water before you arrive no
doctor to the consultant it is
imperative that you would check the
receptionist to make the follow-up
appointment professional abstract Rick's
gynecology and neurologic all right why
does it know to Stan Stan okay guys a
notary said scan during the pregnancy
high frequency sound waves are used to
make pictures inside your baby tummy is
it safe yeah dude why do I need a scan
clover club has this camper for how
long's it last ten to twenty minutes oh
I didn't realize is that long did you
ten to twenty minutes and a dating
scanners offer to all over in 1014 me
the dating standards are I must be the
first one we're gonna get and I'm turnin
me scan the details when I was got 21
weeks that we
fellas can detect abnormal easily can my
partner tend to scan yes your partner or
one other person is welcome
please remember that ultrasonographer
needs to concentrate on the scanning if
for some reason you asked me to limit
the number of 10 DS do not bring
children to the appointment can I put it
out there maybe yes of course but it
depends on the baby in the right
position and to get a good picture hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
