oh yeah make it happen make it so make
it the most amazing coffee you've ever
had in your life could you say ah you're
faster the coffee water the coffee
machine your Faso's coffee boy it's like
my Peter
oh hey then what you do you ready
is it ready is it ready wait isn't ready
ready we've done so well the walk you
know guys have my product champions like
heroes of the universe okay I think so
miss you later
oh my goodness so how does it do that
when I'm really busy then I feel like
I'm going to talk to you even though
you've logged in something just feel
like oh my god Peter you were there what
oh my god I'm genuine right that's time
coolest I almost look at that I'm
editing I was a genuine fright I had no
idea you were there because I heard you
upstairs talking to your mom and then I
was just like
actually January is scary
oh yeah oh yeah 2010 awesomeness oh we
just been in Bolivia 20 turtle
24 February you guys can have sea
hunters end today after all
but how exciting it does seem like it's
so long away it's like almost a month
away yeah bummer but I'm pretty excited
like that though I suppose you'll be
able to tell the sex in the United
States
yeah so what'll it be just it's alive
and stuff
it must be big though it that size now
cuz it's wrong like so it's actually
gonna be quite you're not showing now
because you're like huge so we just
realized that we don't own a can opener
who uses can openers these days like I
don't even know I just assume everything
comes with one of those like you know
tabs that you can just flip open click
yeah so joke this is doing good thing I
was a Coast Guard oh my god that's so
dangerous
it is dangerous careful cuz all the
juice is gonna come and are you gonna go
to the whole school
that is crazy you carry care so sharp
yeah that's pregnant room isn't it no I
need just yeah cuz I need to dream oh my
god I can't believe that I didn't even
check when I bought these cuz I was just
like Oh
see everything has can oh you know what
are these this is what I need
nice this one had it what else do you
know or not tuna cucumber you drain did
you say yeah just make sure yeah I'm so
happy when her elephants am but
everybody keeps asking like are you
gonna find that these that that doesn't
happen until like week 20 years one
things so a friend of ours is 20 reasons
but it was a 12 weeks cameras off so we
actually seen what you'll see at the
12-week scan yeah pretty awesome it's
like an actor a little human life yeah
it's really cooked over here they don't
really give you an ultrasound or
anything like that until you're at least
12 weeks so that's why everybody was
like what I don't understand how can you
have it like are you for real do
something you just leave like it
disaster behind you no regard for where
anything goes
also I come down and Jonathan's like
left as usual like this is only half of
it like all these crumbs were everywhere
there was soup spilled like all over the
countertop what a zoo it was me Oh oops
oh yeah missing it and I was like oh my
god and then there's all these dishes as
well because somebody who ain't stood
all the hot water last night
every single day he's got something in
your teeth our mashed potato yesterday
oh my god I'd to like beg you to do it
and I did it and there was pretty darn
tasty I was like I don't force him to do
it I opened your time Tim Oh No one
second I can't have this don't have any
name know what can't use up - no no
mayonnaise he looks disgusting human al
fresco yeah it was no no that sounds
weird fresh yogurt and tuna what I
should have remembered had that cream
isn't it I think you do it with olive
oil really want you I should've
remembered because that's what was the
button rid of it because it went off or
something so I just do the usual
mozzarella what it's okay sorry I made
you open that for no reason you know and
now I have to put this in a tub which I
don't know if I have because I feel like
no go yeah you are
you hate me you don't hate me or you do
hate me why don't you hate me I make you
laugh sometimes you're not making out
all the time no like 90% no I most of
the time you're just annoying oh did I
ruin your video okay guys apparently I
ruin Hannah's video so I'm gonna need
you two guys to go over to the scholar I
felt so sick and then you can tell you
can't Alan right that I shot yesterday
that I'm so sick like I just feel so
sick because I did I felt terrible mMmmm
so it's just kind of embarrassing but
it's okay everybody knows you're
pregnant it's really hard across the
video wanting to know how to make the
cupcakes they're gonna be like you're
not a weirdo I don't understand what
it's like to be pregnant so I don't know
but I just oh like don't worry you guys
understand don't you it mean is in the
vlogs and stuff a lot because it's
harder than the second trimester it's
gonna be all better isn't it
we just hope for the second chakra which
is one of you a couple of weeks away
right it's three months for a trimester
more like two months in a week for 12
weeks is the turd trimester try a nice
day you know I actually kick in weeks
but yeah so was that like deciding
around time oh man it's like three weeks
ago that's true we to a right
you know it's in two weeks it's what
birthday it's my birthday I'm not a pond
like get your stuff should have been
shipped back
nice maybe ten you said you the Popo it
meets in the Popo tomorrow I can't open
it though you can put it you have to
wrap it up
you change your test same to me
oh oh my god I'm so nice to you there's
one there for a cup of tea is I'm going
to brush your hair
give you a manicure or pedicure hey
what's your eyelid what's going on here
what's going on here you crazies all
right I'm getting a cup of tea did I get
her up there you go now make up G and
then I got a record minecraft you guys
think I sound like Debra in the
Minecraft thing you somebody have to
come we're like oh my god you said it's
just like Jagger and then we may think
like that okay obviously this is a bit
more high pitch but I think it's like my
couple of accent when it's a little bit
more high-pitched it probably does and
it's a little bit faster and more
excitable and it probably just kind of
like sound like jet ready it definitely
did when I hear they put em oh come on
drink into my glasses here's the secret
dice this is what people don't know is
that over the next until the baby's born
I'm gonna be making no series all the
time and I know as an adult you might
you may or may not find it funny what
kids will find that
with the little man runner and the voice
is not dead whatever
what are basically doing here okay I'm
creating a TV show for my own child so
every day when I was like feeding it or
it's bored or something that or you want
to like you know what you need it to be
like distracted for a moment anyway it
could be play if you have a child make
the child watch the Minecraft video and
see if they yeah see if they like it now
I'm gonna have some double stroke double
stuffed Oreos green tea with lemongrass
green tea lemon grass healthy double
stuffed Oreos not so healthy but when
you combine the two oh boy
Mongo snack it's radioactive
lucky dick pick one talk with our batter
one
okay so lucky dip game oh what'd you do
how'd you win did you get that one that
one's harder ya know have a good time
now what's these guys wait come here
come on let's go oh and I'll be kind get
down then okay guys this is a tricky one
I'm gonna put my pits inside first
oh no no come on let's leave mom in
peace we love you now no huh oh yeah oh
yeah
the gourmet range oh yeah cuz that's how
I roll and I'm a gourmet type of guy you
know what I just did you already just
said oh yeah oh yeah all of them all of
them and I don't feel bad at all
whatsoever
I actually feel pretty good about my
achievement in evening every single one
we on a website for oh my god it's all
blurry
and I got a top Larry I can't want
everyone just to stake at stake and all
ooh
and wait is that better sort of still
still a little blurry
it's still a little bit you want to go
out or what free weird what it crazy
crazy crazy excited know what to do I
miss that I miss mr. Morgan oh my god
it's full I don't need is it but you
shouldn't end is she's good like that
poor thing must be tough being right as
women tell the ladies out there we am as
a man I apologize I apologize for what
we do but in the end and full our
fridges oh my goodness you're broke
being like good and resourceful because
we're Adam we're getting ready for the
baby but how do you feel kind of bad
because it's like she's oh he's sick and
always tired and everything
and I'm always like oh man like I don't
feel any different then kind of like 20
do ever 10 and bringing glasses of water
and stuff just to make life easier but
um it's just never really enough is it
you thought you might want this
yeah welcome is it good we all love you
very much took her to get her get out
mommy needs her peace let's go let's go
come on come on let's go let's go let's
go
herding the sheep herding the Sheep all
right I skip my glasses again you're off
to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard
of Oz miracles because because because
no just because it's
come on guys you need to move this
because every single day you just pee on
it if you like Gandalf the Grey with
that thing good it's chilly out here
Wow look at the moon can't see that it's
awesome it's so like bright and vibrant
I love a good bright and vibrant moon
got split up god I'm gonna go inside I'm
gonna go inside you be good
what have you got Xena that's not in in
in in she'll Snell absconders nope get
you I'm gonna manage it
I'm gonna go in at you okay bye wait
forever
bye for everybody Oh too late to
apologize but it may be because I'll
become Xenocide Celica Cena sucks
whoo nice guitar I like the mess in here
oh thank the police oh I did the whole
thing
Oh a grown man I'm a grown man kind of
afraid to tell you guys about my hair
not my plan because to riddle what is he
doing sitting down right there
gimme mommy's kinda lost his mind a
little bit
so I regularly piddly planwise and we're
really cool
I'm ridiculed forever is that inside
inside all right let's go let's go let's
go
I used to be the matrix you know Lizzie
so I'm I'm thinking my shows a hundred
and seventy pounds whoa right Anne don't
want me to know kiala just saying just
saying that's a hack nine pounds on that
just imagine in a world in a world I
don't know let's see what happens
I've been juicing every morning did you
see anything you just don't have it it's
so good I don't know let me just put the
back on o'clock actually cuz I keep
forgetting but if anybody lives in
Ireland right now you know what we're
going to you know it's like it's a to
the bone it's like my bones are
shattering I'm like it's like to the
bone kind of cold you know they're kind
of cold where it's like chill you put on
top it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
how many layers you pile on to yourself
I know I can see it now that's not cold
- ten billion degrees centigrade where I
am
well I'm not where you are and I'm not
adjusted to your kind of wet earnest
when in the white earnest Lima just to
do it is so cold and it's big ray which
is springtime or something like that you
know oh my goodness it's almost like my
breath it's almost Valentine's Day you
guys got anything Rose mantle around
Wednesday
all right I gotta go to the PIO box and
always like joke this would it be my
Valentine oh it's me not gonna send me
about it why not cuz I'm married
what that's good I was that up day
minecraft you try hard ring because it
bounces off the keyboard
all right t-man this is the part where I
make you guys won t you got a cup of tea
don't you alright goodnight
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
you
