good morning friends did you enjoy it
wireless little introduction bad spray
so we this thing here why do you have a
hanging down thing their eyes but him
and Amelia our Masson right like I'm in
a meeting are messin hi they broke it
photo but then we got this other one
from Maria in jelly bean when we were in
court ages ago and I'm going to try to
put this little because it's a rising
one is worried do you like Game of
Thrones did you watch the last week's
episode of Game of Thrones
no spoilers in the comments no spoilers
and discussions before people have
fevers it was the things it was the
thing that dreams are made of
hoy de Triana noir no draconian
are you a Lannister Korean Minister
correct and dependent dependent detente
- stand and defend and the tonton anyway
the thing still up there which I'm
hoping will do the job should be able to
just but this is cool I'm right right
this be careful of a toner guy here you
unravel this guy here is all
no don't think that is there it's a
little touch
well now you have something to reach for
and you guys you get older and bigger
you'll soon be able to reach the dragon
and we'll check you all the time now if
you want more dragons you want more
dragons yes okay let's make this cake
ooh
the cleanup song Ward oh how could our
you guys to the queen of song huh right
understated feeding last yeah cuz I'm
shootings up with Alessia I had a plan
to shoot a different video this week but
then you guys saw the little thing that
I put up when I record just a little R
and a bit of me messing and left yet and
then I felt like I think you could take
that a lot further and so I donned the
green suit I have a set ready outside
I'm gonna bring a lefty out and finally
get left yet we wonder need friendly
trends videos because I did I did get
her a banana suit but it only arrived
but four weeks after I shocked up and on
a video so that didn't work out well but
I have a fun idea you're going to help
me mister yeah you not a stripper well I
hate when that happens
okay what happens you need another color
he says I think that Jonathan is like
you to get a friendly in friends video
going to be amazing
there's are you ready already do you
want to play the song or anything oh
yeah sure it's in one Watts up a panic
room
you happy you happy baking
you have fun oh are you going to be a
superstar one day
oh man
all right now we're just going to turn
that into something wonderful Jimmy
Choos rising shoes here why it's the
most wonderful time of the day it's that
time huh yeah it's the most wonderful
time of the day boop boop I think she
likes this bunny yeah that was from
Caroline Dahms Caroline I would have to
differentiate between the two because
those dumb Caroline nothing to belongs
to Dom but like she's not employed and
then there's Caroline hyerin's
and it's funny that I always say them
like that like I don't say Caroline
snails and Caroline hiren I say DOM is
Caroline versus Caroline island oh yeah
I do
there's lots of nice Caroline's around
no hmm yeah you like this bunny don't
you always on completely all the focus
completely out of focus
hello hello completely out focus
completely out of focus
hello my name is funny
right so we are about to take math I see
ya there for me is that a funny story
and I feel like I've done nothing today
I meant a video but unless they didn't
take her nap today
well she did which she took it like
split so she did an hour and a half and
usually she does two and a half hours
together which didn't hour and a half
and then she took her morning that fine
but then her afternoon nap took an hour
and a half and then I think I think it
might have been my fault for not closing
the curtains I've closed the curtains in
my bedroom and their black outlines are
like blackout curtains so I've closed
them the last for the last two days but
I don't really like doing it just
because I'm usually I usually have to do
things in my room still like it's still
my bedroom so it's got to do things that
I hate blocking out the daylight like I
don't know if any of you are like that I
really thrive off of like daylight like
they you know during the days when I get
the most things done and I don't really
like my time at I've not really in my
era on more like a morning person and
like daytime person definitely so I just
don't like how it makes me feel and I
know this is really like X like seems
real extreme but I just it was you or
her separate room it would be fine but
it's because it's my bedroom and like
there's still things I need to do in
here or like things I need to get from
in here or sometimes I just want to like
chill out in here or like edit in here
or whatever when she's having her nap
but she's getting to that stage where
she's just way more aware of her
surroundings so I was closing the
curtains but kind of hating it at the
same time because my room was just in
total darkness and I had to just leave
and get out of the bedroom and I just
wasn't ready for not but I kind of knew
that that's what I had to do and then
today I didn't close the curtains and
she woke up after an hour or an hour and
a half
yeah been almost an hour and a half
later she woke up and she still had
another hour to go
like no and it told me because I didn't
close the curtains I think or else Oh
something wrong with her like she's
keeping or something but I think she's
always doing so I'm going to run her
bath now you're going to play with bun
bun the bun bun okay and she's also
going to the stage where she's really
clingy like not clingy the wrong words
but like she wants me to be there that
is the right word all the time but she
wants to see me all the time like she
wants my attention all the time so if
I'm not talking to her like I am right
now it's just us and but then when she
see my face again or when I come back up
to her again she yeah and she's like
that if I like leave the room or leave
her like point of point of view or
whatever you like where she can't see me
anymore
but then when I step back in she's happy
again so it's funny it's cute I love
this stage I think it's really really
cute but it's perfect condition in a
city a city yeah so I'm la la la la la
you live your pop star being here in the
layers your practices your I am yeah get
ready down lad listening okay I covered
up weirdo but but I have coming out with
nothing music video over a year ago
another number one second another no
more Zingo yes wanna swallow lalala okay
it's not explicit it's not an explicit
song oh it's a very implicit son an
implicit on this way as both to eight
lubglubs
using the big word rosa de rosario jesus
getting the best chance to make it all
yeah she get it and they accent there
now look look around and out okay
they have moved to a bit for that still
see I happen the block from both of them
oh yeah thank you for the block okay
don't worry said so worries the accent
hasn't changed has it though still these
are section tested all right make sure
all right all right mate no we didn't do
any more to vlogging since we did other
things it's the date nights we want
anyone watching that auto bright have
any guys watching the big brother big
bro taking over the flow I think the
thing is that around it is big bro and
you guys wants to be one of the thing I
don't normally participate in it but
because I made sure she was in it this
year we decided start watching it and
then now we're still watching it so
there's no if you're watching a big bro
and here you think who would you like to
win this is big bro who do want to win
big bro you like the Google box throw
the goggle box very cute forever it's
got my sauce to me saying after you know
the whole spiritual thing direct
Googlebot my Google Google ah I didn't
like funny anyway if you want to win the
Google boxer the Google box oh
goggle box any way that you want to in
Gaza boxer
no no I just so you know it you got some
more peeps though and so I feel like no
I don't in a bad me back I think it
would be cool to Tricia one know the
power of the Internet and then keys are
dangerous to not die it was like all
like yeah I suppose the Internet to be a
bit of a big deal yeah like if no idea
no idea mate no idea mate and I dyes
know who I want to win left yes next to
Pastor forty jam and time our Georgian
about so you know makes jam jam Sam
where are we I'm sana and Jonathan all
right Jonathan and on a jet
hey we're like John John and John we
could be John Jenkins IV ain't gonna do
me behind your time yeah you see I got
take a Navy alright friends on these
bombshells we should leave you yesterday
thanks for supervised and do something
else today oh you guys leave us am
shipping names there for all of our dogs
yeah yeah yeah oh so very oh okay survey
oh I'm forget I love you see that hey
yeah what salvia cedar
