so we just got up
it's kind of early in the morning what's
not that early but we meant to go for a
walk today and we would have had to get
up super early because we have to go to
the body shop for 11:00 and we're so
tired we got back in bed our alarms went
off over like we're not doing this we'll
do it later on today but we will try and
get it in today since actually gonna
have a nice day so come on in
amen amen amen good dogs okay that was a
weird sort swing but good boys sounded
super sweet okay no where are your trees
where could they possibly be don't mind
that brick yeah kind of random okay here
you go
and I'll be stop stopstopstop
be for those good boy alright so I just
made my breakfast wanna see this is
Jonathan's coffee but this is my
breakfast you know it's part with or
oatmeal with chocolate bananas and many
blueberries all that yummy stuff so I'm
gonna take this upstairs and feed myself
before we have to go I have to go in
with no makeup and my hair it looks
really weird right now I know I also
need to take shower so yeah I better
hurry up hi hi you guys ready to go
it gives ready to go are you you're not
going No mom and dad are going back
clean myself up little guys so I mean
look look at my hair my hair is going
crazy like oh hi it stands up now I have
this forever
strict regime in order to get the love
flu at the perfect vertical which no
product involved guys no product product
new pas hello - of a proper that to
control a little bit I know but M what I
do is like shampoo twice conditioner
once blow-dry you go to sleep wake up
the height of it go get abit same
competitive generally JJ Jo password
I'll have to change name with a band
ready to go oh yeah forgot to take it am
nobody got the reference of its from
what film called money pit I won I
finally beat you because everytime I
always say that everyone's like all
dudes from like blue blue blood I'm like
but I went Tom Hanks places at his
record producer guy who fights is like
massive mansion with his new wife and
the whole thing just like falls apart
every day gets worse and worse and worse
and worse like it was such a con it's
really funny I don't even know what son
Eugene cuz it's like very old I think
was writing the time when he feel big or
something out but yeah it's really
really funny though it's an oldie but a
baby
we're in town we're in the great city of
cork time it's so wonderful I wish that
I could live here forever that's a
that's a that's a trailer an excerpt
from the new Disney movie called Cork
the city of Wonders if you're watching
Disney call me we can we can negotiate
some sort of a deal for some copyrighted
rightness so we're heading into the body
shop I never got a facial though maybe I
should get a facial is there hurt
you see people like you don't live like
Redskin or something after or is that a
face peel I'm thinking of it sounds WAY
worse like would you like me to peel
your face off
um no thank you not what he sure had has
happened it's like I'll let you know
it's gonna happen in the time that it's
gonna take us to walk there something
will happen we'll get distracted we'll
probably end up being late somehow I
yeah okay
it doesn't look like it oh this oh
that's like empty
you do not look beautiful
oh sorry
okay well the here we go because Jim
another thing I bought in Tesco was
rubbish look at the marks & spencer
collection it's like perfectly look at
these like that one looks really good
fruity beauty mmm oh it's really good
these are way too bad look at all the
different food separated ends I'm gonna
it's way better than still others
nice the girl phase in the bottom of the
Pips 90s other shop going up good ol
belly eater right now
okay okay we've got half an hour
Oh background okay oh my God look at
this kid
little tiny one doesn't know kids
relationship I just have my people do
that's what I'm thinking like maybe I
maybe it's too early because we're gonna
go so by afterward
forget this thing
some are very competent granola what are
you gonna get
the other thing
or get atius now I like to
this is cool I never knew where I
started or a cafe up says mmm look at
this it's full of like seeds and stuff
my yogurt on my glue UT and a pepper T
this is nice
look at you so that's that package sheet
the mainline clock speed this is really
nice to the rice fan cafe even the way
yeah yeah everyone's here although it
was ridiculously overpriced expensive
exactly exactly
Jen here we're here with that the snobs
that's trying to end it did you catch
the peridot match this weekend
Marvis applause oh my god it is so close
you need to call if a of the world it's
officially the coldest thing in the
world
Green Man Fremantle crossing where is
the bunny shop
oh look at the huge big the body shop
I'm like huh
you guys the party in your hair man yeah
that's Koko's they can smell like cocoa
stuff yeah cuz we got that recently so
strong like is that you got a shower
that town was like on oh my god yeah
although deep forgettable as well I know
I like I want to eat them it's like can
I just commend you on Twitter yeah and
she em up chocolates and I know it's not
my god your makeups amazing looks so
good it's really late is it
yeah it's kind of like warming ah what's
it taste like it's up creamy cuz I
thought I was gonna be one of those you
know those like PD off ones you know
it's not no it's really come from
yeah get a little chair everything Oh
any one of those chairs well jealous oh
yeah yeah Sweeney Todd yeah
all right it's like what's underneath
then this one somebody else a customer
said this is fantastic for pregnancy for
of immunity door opens well you can try
it whichever works for you difference
the monoi miracle oh and the stylist and
wings and interest musician thi when
your hair is now quite drying like I'd
to apply it to the dry hair you don't
write to a hair we leave it in overnight
and then shampoo it out a couple of
times so if you really make this process
a shiny hair and then you can use it as
a body oil you can use it as bath toys
if the entity has been loads of
different ways can rub it into the
layers and using dog different ways so
anywhere you feel enjoy and neglected to
come China and then finally this kind of
response Ellen's fantastic vitamin C
that is brilliant can try that one
investigators try to hold it yeah
because then yeah you always intend to
try to cut it but you know if yourself
I'm here sorry isn't it that's my
favorite and if you don't like it don't
like it there I like this from out yeah
it smells really maybe isolated right
from the tree could find
yeah how's a nice morning to be stretch
marks oh I get the comfy chair
again this is the actual cocoa bean that
they use like yeah and should you -
breaks them open
let this man that smells like Nutella
probably not come to the body traveling
quark free chocolate any nails
beautiful package point out like get it
off with the light yeah they're gonna
make up done go okay so I just got my
nails done and they look super shiny
we found the fellow dog lover the whole
time has been talking about dogs let's
name it out okay Ozzie Ozzie attaboy
does he look like Ozzie
we know what that's like I've got her
I'll eat it
the Alby has that Napoleon complex as
well it's like the bigger the Dalek the
more like when he runs out the dog and
then dog runs back he's like oh god mom
mom it's your father you make him like I
feel so thanks so much
I think she's going to be brushing for
you guys
almost almost like that
don't forget my am
oh my god it's so close don't overdo
cheek it's a call if they of my life
steal the body shop was so nice and warm
which is made it you've been twice as
cold here where we going for dominance
my god you guys seen that facebook
picture that was going around up my
phone off it was like pink goo you're
into wild ways guys good luck do you
remember this look isn't it like back in
Sorrento this is like the water that we
used to get all the time the author's a
Pellegrino but that's a sparkling one
kind of sweet chili wrap would you get
lucky this thing sweet chili would have
been solid
oh my god smell actually I'm so excited
y'all my yo
we should try and get into a little bit
of Sun here it's not a bit of Sun that's
just it's just wallow in the Sun for a
moment missable
if somebody are you at Wednesday
half-day Wednesday
love a half-day Wednesday maybe she's
into blogs now is like half-day
Wednesday's no no you got right up to
the car and then realize that no money
on me to pay for the car thing so I had
to come by town on now
good luck the help on in here off to
y'all behind fruit and veg where's the
freakin bench
it's behind there I'm so excited
which one's the ghetto splits for
tonight but we do need sports for
tonight
no no well you can but like that we kind
of pointing this we wanted roosters so a
good rooster potatoes but you want like
you know a big thick one like that idea
of perfect for boiling or making chips
no booster potato you don't have a
matching Gosei on it
roosters yeah yeah yeah
rooster papers Kazuki a big banner you
know just perfect like we don't have
potatoes here my goodness I'm gonna when
I was kid my parents used to buy two big
stacks that's nice like Eva it's the
kids hit by like the shacks because they
can chew on them or you bought snacks a
pasta will see paddy paddy buy a potato
what have the bangers nice this doesn't
make any sense to me
maybe you can explain this so panadol
painkillers
why is there a special one for women
advanced and women what the hell is that
how is her special painkiller same does
that make any sense to you look
painkillers especially for women we're
gonna make it
what but they do wonders any idea where
that means nothing below that that makes
no sense to me maybe I should buy them
and fight of it see what it's like to
have the pain of a woman come on in
did you miss us
did you miss us huh now I want you to
say hello to Ozzie
say hello to Ozzie you crazy
Oh unfortunately we didn't go for a walk
east this morning so we have to go
walkies sometime soon we're gonna go
walkies you want to change and then
we'll go walkies it's okay guys play
there just I know they're not fighters
we're all the lovers when our fighters
it's a person it's a first day of my
birthday one mother
in the comments all month long you can't
hate on you guys it's my birthday that's
Tina stop licking your parts
lousy you're gonna be nice to dad what'd
you get him for his birthday it's my
birthday it's my birthday once you get
them for his birthday
hmm is this like a new bed here they
definitely need a bed out of that what
is always somebody asleep over there
Oh Xena wonderful walkies walkies
walkies walkies
Jonathan was very very premature with
his walking
I was I was prematurely born one day
maybe I was supposed to be born about
that day my parents mocked they said
they were going to call me Val me
imagine me being valid ID by looking
about no I get Josephus right now
because I chose it over your head but
what are you doing he looks Alvey will
find like hanging drapes or just
anything draped just like a cardigan on
a chair or just a piece of cloth like
anything and he'll go underneath it like
he goes underneath my mom's apron
strings that are holding follow them
yeah he's like he said it's like
snuffling them it's so cute oh he's so
adorable it is cutie patootie we need to
go I need her to get earth scarf I
noticed that there's loads of little
grooves in the wood here from then they
kind of scratches and stuff I guess it's
okay because it's it's a work for we
signed it dammit really like cuz it's a
little staircase and smoked a little
scratch is so cute anyways
so I need lots of layers that's why I
was gonna get changed into like workout
gear but then I was like too cold take
off my clothes hang it up just gonna
layer up my glove this much isn't that
so cute oh my god I love it oh you know
what I should do I should wear this
thing
no not doc where is it oh my god that's
where that scarf went oh I have so many
scarves I swear that I never wear
because I always forget that I own them
so bad but anyways yeah that's what I'm
gonna wear it so I set the app on my
phone to go from now because I'm we're a
bit late but you know you guys can do
right if your friends in your facebook
if not let's be friends on Facebook and
then you can go to my although I had to
go I was forced to go to the new
timeline thing on Facebook yeah but the
saga more like what's that over there
and why is that over here you get you
written you're like oh I don't like the
old one anyway yeah so um the app
amusing is like RunKeeper something it's
one of these Susan I'm running but when
we finish this walk and I go finish
activity and it posted to Facebook and
it says how long we went and how long we
went for now we're support we're gonna
try and do this every Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Friday of every week so you
can check on our Facebook on my facebook
every single day to make sure I did my
walk yeah and how many calories you've
burned how fast you did it and the
distance it also does it also gives them
oh my god I bought those double
chocolate chip how are you we have like
tons of red velvet it's also another
exciting news we have a name for the
baby yeah not a real name for eBay
because you already know
we have real names but this is what
we're going to refer to the baby as
joining together thank God because you
remember him because we were dancing
unless I go I don't know what it's
called I didn't call upon Koga of me was
like best pancake day ever
something like I so we decided we're
going to refer to this little thing in
here
that's Patton Koga until it's born so
you may from this day forth prepare to
our unborn child that's pain Koga how do
you spell Punk over PA and Co GA okay
because that's like we're not doing
nicknames like after it's boring it'll
be its name yeah as soon as it's born
will tell you guys what it's real name
is yeah well there are two oh well panko
girl panko get fun times fun times on
the walk which has to be kept
step off you what are you doing
come see how do you enter - whoa what
the hell is that
no was disappeared oh whoa whoa he's a
crazy dog all of a sudden okay hey you
gonna get down come on I know he is come
on let's go come on off up here up here
let's go let's go let's go
it really is so pretty isn't it okay the
Sun is coming down over the lake and off
it's so pretty isn't it oh my god okay
beautiful you are
ah you know we should do we can make a
baby I mean dead already
oh and it's forming the eggs in the milk
at the moment is this no oh you heard
the date so I have to go oh my god yeah
yeah you don't have the eggs
what do I bring them sugar yeah is that
it the sugar no I think it's better when
I brought the nut me because you have
ovaries
my boy boy Xena Xena Xena look at Cena
Cena oh he's running lazybones is
running I love ya hi hi hi baby you guys
every time I watch it I just think it's
so funny I know a lot of you guys
probably don't watch like that mine have
to Go's itself but I just I did
something the other day when I was
editing and I made it so funny and then
I ended up keeping it in it and I put it
up I don't know have you seen it or not
and then ratchet well I think it's
really funny so I was like let's not put
a little bit in the vlog because I know
a lot of you guys don't want to come
across much video games for those people
were saying that they don't normally
watch video games but this is really
funny so I know no one's gonna kick it
in so I'm gonna play a little bit for
you and if you think it's funny you
might want to watch this series all
right so we just zoom in here I'm gonna
have the diskens my own video I actually
had to water in my hand right away ah I
want to take the heavy again oh man one
star let me dude oh my god that was so
intense I hadn't I'm still advanced or
it's like a third time dying baby
oh crap yeah I did I know
oh my god I've got the one with me No
it makes just so funny and she's got
like the voice I actually am here down
the key because I have to mock out for
when I'm editing to speed things up you
know I can just click on the little keys
and it's just sort of happened and I
played it and then I was laughing so
much was I going oh my god it's so plain
I was like oh my god when I do the
entire series in that little voice and
yeah everyone seemed to like it so click
on the link and watch the series if you
want if you wanna but yeah if you think
that kind of thing it's funny because
you don't need to watch video games to
find that funny cuz I just think it's
not everybody could that was like I'm so
hyper well what if I was like extra
right that's me like a million times
more hyper than normal
also I'm turning the heating on because
the mashed potato turn that awesome guys
wasn't it yeah so we're just making the
yeah video the end of the video for the
a stylized okay okay mood oh we go
reaction okay guys oh hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there would be
