we're doing it the doers the doers will
not say here's what do you think that
you were really good event as well
thanks because this morning I was like
so tired yeah but they don't have my
alignment set and then I just gave up I
actually just switched it off on but
it's what like 12 yeah that's for 12
okay
he still did it I noticed she didn't say
anything and I actually rendered out the
video and then it came in I was like
should we not go but that's what
teamwork for I did want to go on it's
just like so fires and stuff but then I
was like I know I'm gonna feel better
after I do it yeah teamwork for to win
okay so I'm a bit late but I just
started there my running tracker thing
I'm gonna see what the distance is now
we're I don't know what were five
minutes in and I already turned it on so
it's not gonna be exactly started at 25
the GPS thing is going and it's going to
tell us how far and well I don't mean
calorie think matters but I hope this is
this we're doing here you go
hey you going I know it's so windy and
cold cold what do you guys want a sneak
peek of my next Johnathan Jolie project
that's good scum it no you know all
right here we go so we'll just give you
a little sneak peek I'd say from some
around here it's like a rap song type of
thing I don't know it's gonna be plenty
I've seen those people deer before and I
was like I'd like to make them some
songs did I always make up so you guys
know I'm thinking up songs all the times
but um I like the ability to
professionally be a musician right
singer but I might just have the ability
to be a youtuber anyway the first the
first song at the moment I think it's
gonna be called tasty toast
what if I change cuz I'm all street cred
awesome dudes like tasty toast
the second song might be called CP soup
and then we'll do a combination of
toasty soup it's that time again where
we totally forgot to a get rid of
Christmas tree and no time's up look at
a peanut what are you doing wait you
peed on my tree so I'm gonna chop it up
are we guys all right we're gonna chop
it up and we're gonna figure out how we
dispose of it yeah okay okay I didn't
realize it was that tough let's start
with a little branch oh there we go one
time you branch it at night
hey no you're my only sense of it's
summertime someday soon in the future no
I thought this is gonna be easy
oh wait a second I can break those ones
off no it's not that bad actually
I wasn't even let's just I wasn't even
filming it yeah okay um I wonder can I
put this down and then like last ordered
it up and we can actually see me
and there we have it one lump of three
one big berkey Branch thing ah I'll tell
you what that was a bit of an effort my
hands are in so much pain from like big
dude twisting of this thing oh my
goodness clinking pink pink
but uh yeah the smell is so good smash
so that's it wasn't so crazy I just put
it in the fireplace and burning building
but Christmas trees are so flammable you
know just kind of like exploding like a
second but a job with my boss
got this crazy think I just go ahead and
turn over the wall you think the
neighbors are like this alright I'll
leave it there for the moment because
we're learning we're gonna be moving it
today but I just wanted to get it done
otherwise you would linger oh my god
guys they did it again
fondest fancies bound Wednesday okay
this ancient wanders fancies that box
looks cooler quit love let's find out
pop that is solely justice
what's he that's already I think they're
all the pink ones should we we should do
it better then I didn't put it in put it
we don't need them like isn't that so
cool they're so clever you know
since you could marketing cake whatever
is it maybe a little summer one there's
nothing else now until like Halloween
though isn't it oh my let's say six
euros for seven plus
okay so I think I was four hundred
billion chocolate bars
six million hundreds of physics and some
professor burns a potato custard that's
a potato
how awfully versatile in custardy Oh
read a copy
what that's kind of odd
and enough maybe where you're from
you're partying like what that's normal
but in Ireland that's not normal
no I don't think I'll eat them thanks
thanks all the same
hey I I wasn't that excited about the
take until I noticed the Philadelphia
boom
so the red velvet cake that we had on
our wedding day apparently was in the
apology wasn't I mean like regulars in
America
with the neapolitan wounds still alcohol
yeah yeah that's why I didn't like it so
much I was kind of dry but it was not
right though I mean I basically said the
picture so they just made her present
it's like
right okay okay I'm excited I'm excited
my excitement has returned for the stand
right above a cake but a milk buttermilk
I'm up I'm up I'm up
cool thanks but we did the game
ah the dish Matic put this manic refills
no nope if they have them here they're
here they're here they have to be here
like if they sell the actual device they
have to sell have to sell
they don't have them that's stupid why
would you not have the refills have you
salad the actual device I just like a
point and I'll turn this the best day of
my life you know why that's that double
stuck for normal
thing tastes me in store now you got
Riley no where do people call us people
could have been touching them licking
them and putting them back oh my god
I just filmed my cupcake I'm not
finished though I needs to be icing are
the frosting but I just filmed the
beginning of my red velvet Valentine's
cupcakes for you know this is why I
don't bake that often because I love
baking but it makes me want to eat
everything like everything that I'm
making the smell from this oven is like
the most divine smell ever
Oh oh my god one ate them all they look
so good I'm scared to open this because
I didn't scared they're gonna like flop
or something but and I need to like wait
so long for them to like cool and
everything before I can do the frosting
alike oh they're so good I'll show you a
picture this is what they should turn it
like beautiful I got such a craving for
them last night I was like looking up
recipes and stuff and I just saw them
and I fell in love with them so now we
have so many trees small because we got
the fun fondest fancies the Valentine's
fondest fancies and we have Double Stuf
Oreos we have red velvet cupcakes on the
way my issue is I don't know how I'm
gonna cook the salmon now because I need
to do it in the oven well I guess it's
probably almost finished but I need to
fill in the video as well so oh I'm
trying to do everything at the same time
and then afterwards I'm gonna store them
in this cake tin which we got in Meadows
and burn so that'll be fun I made such a
mess but I cleaned it all up and really
proud of myself yeah so but then I'm
gonna have to go ahead and make dinner
as well so now who create another mess
so hopefully Jonathan will do the dishes
after that well he usually does he's
quite good at that so I am just gonna
bask in this lovely smell and also
because my pregnancy is making my smell
my much hot what
my sense of smell really really strong
and like so heightened you know like I
can smell something from like a mile
away like I will say - Jonathan like oh
my god what's that sound he's like what
are you talking about
I can smell bread and he like ate bread
like an hour ago you know like it's just
gotten so so strong and so it's kind of
it's a good thing and it's a bad thing
because I get hungry then but then I get
like nauseous
so it's really conflicting pregnancy is
very difficult especially well at least
in the first trimester oh and these are
Jonathan's birthday candles for his cake
I forgot something lasts everything
laughter and I forgot to use them and
look at my little this is so great for
Valentine's Day isn't it a little tea
cosy or oven love evening so yeah time
to relax and sniff all of my cupcakes
that are baking in the oven and making
me I want to eat them all oh oh and I
wanted to I wanted to eat or lick the
balls so bad that's always being like my
favorite thing to do since I was little
it was lick the bowl of the raw mixture
but I can't I'm pregnant I can't have
raw egg so I was like so upset I washed
the ball and I was like what a waste of
all the sides you know like the mixture
that would have been left on the sides
oh my god torture so they are done
they're out of the oven and look how
good they look that looks so good so
there are a little bit big but I knew
that would happen
have enough thingies tins oh oh my god I
just pulled his hat off
oops well maybe Joe oh well that's what
happens when you give when you get them
too big their hats come on
but anyways so I'm really happy with
them I think they look pretty good have
to wait for ages until I can make the
frosting
I might actually start on the dinner now
because the oven is free fish fun and oh
god I forgot the rats right well they
always want to get excited now on let's
go lb lb lights going off come on come
on come on you don't have to mark the
Christmas treat you already did it oh my
God he's like staring it okay bye
but it's closing it's closing close like
the boy you're such a good boy and
you're the good girls here's such a good
girl
you want cupcakes yeah
I'm sure I'll get like a tiny piece
maybe not the frosting though I need I
need to get started dinner so I'm making
this salmon amazing brown rice baby
brown rice which if I can find in this
horrible horrible look guys it's
terrible oh my god here it is ten
minutes which is a light it doesn't cook
in ten minutes cook something more like
15 to 20 but that's okay cuz that's how
long the salmon takes though
it's all good in the hood um and then Oh
cucumber cucumber salad with Jonathan
heels but I don't care because that's
healthy okay and half a cucumber salad
which involves cucumber it's not my
recipe it's what she used to doing
they're younger so um yeah cucumber
yogurt plain yogurt this one right here
you use low-fat and dill and salt and
pepper and that's pretty much it it's
really really good
with Jonathan good feeling agree so
don't ask him but according to me it's
good okay so I'm gonna get started on
that so you know the way the picture
here it's like red and then white my
frosting is brown and I'm not really
sure because I follow the recipe and
it's brown but it's brown because I had
vanilla essence and cinnamon obviously
that's gonna make it turn around
especially the cinnamon so I don't know
I didn't do anything wrong but it's just
kind of odd I mean I don't really care
just so long as it tastes good but it's
just very strange I've never seen a red
velvet cake with a cupcake with like a
brown frosting that's strange
anyways we're almost done here and then
quickly make my cucumber salad I'm like
multitasking all the blue plates and
these two are obsessed that's going
outside what do you have diarrhea or
something what is wrong with you hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
whooping ass
