here's the plan folks here's the fitness
plan 2012 right so every morning we have
to get apparently I want to go and do
this which is about an hour isn't it
yeah it's about an hour walk yeah so I'm
it's exciting we're gonna try this every
day well five days a week anyway yeah
maybe five days we can we take the
weekends off or something but it'd be
good fitness regime for for the babies
and for us and everything like that what
Abby I mean the dogs are loving it as
well and the first date today was this
morning we look at the wind I was like
oh god oh god it's a horrible horrible
day for them
 the power feel good I feel
motivated look how peaceful the lake is
this morning it's absolutely nice look
at the mist and the mountains like
there's mountains behind that look okay
the heels fine
Jim and I flogged in the Miss Georgianna
you guys around again lost in the mist
or something that are in the mister just
go to videos and type in mist and I'll
probably bring it up if you haven't seen
it but that day was like insane we
couldn't even see in front of us like
he's not even paying attention
these are the risks these are the risks
you take it's actually raining guys
these are the risks that you take in
nature no will we're under way back
under way back was only about 20 minutes
to the car so if this rain doesn't just
hold off paint your trees now anyways we
are going to trees
I feel so after our workout this morning
okay
we did exactly three demands like
I'm like that's enough for me thank you
oh yeah we're gonna expect you to flower
anyways week nine doctor's appointment
so we are officially
usually
that's so confusing because then you
know head you know tomorrow that's week
ten he makes no sense I read something
like seriously on the what to expect
ah it's like that's I can't think it was
broken because last week it was like oh
we you're you know just a tional age or
my intrepid
is
week eight our eight weeks and four days
are eight weeks and one day or whatever
is it's plus one day then it gives you
all the info for a week night
so once you pass like that we've marked
your in week 9 that's how
best way of explaining it so today we
are week 9 days zero tomorrow what to
expect my objects that will be giving me
all the information for classes already
I know what when is the historic arrive
actually
one week
one week so it crazies 31 weeks of
freedom left
anyways that's a weird way of looking at
it
so 31 weeks
quickmarks 7 x 31 is how many vlogs we
have left until the baby right
and anybody tonight I've been in my life
7:3 worn as a Evon setts
7231 but
so 200 and
yeah
box
yeah I read about it man so that's fully
run I suppose I can't do much like even
like when I write a damn it's difficult
people are like I'll do the countdown
thing like there's no way I'm doing
detector not 200
if you like me
and it's like pregnancy vlog
I'll do it like ten days or something
out because to go and like create the
EFT change every day and compose it in
and it's like yeah that's valuable to be
soup time I wasted a waiting in the dark
and I
just drank some water so I'm hoping like
I have my bike
I'm making a brave step guys I'm going
in yeah I'm going in I was saying like
for to a - what do they call me and
they're like I never write what I really
what are you doing here
no you only the doctor because he's our
GP while he's actually my parents GP and
my integrity but I had been out of the
country like we didn't live here for so
long so that's why so many people were
freaking out I just feel like I need to
clear the air anyways so the first time
we went to the doctor like I had not
seen this man in years and so my mom
went in with me because it's her doctor
you know it's her doctor kind of first
and foremost so she was kind of like not
reintroducing me but you know what I
mean like he said like Tony he looked at
her exactly so that was white and then
people freaked out and they were like
why didn't Jonathan think over there
bleep Jonathan it's not his you know
it's not your doctor and plus you didn't
care never intended to go into yeah he
didn't actually know that we were both
gonna go in that was just like because
we all knew him it's like almost like
family doctor yourself whatever so
anyway and then by the way this is not
the OBGYN he's just a GP like he has two
trance I mean it's like people can down
you know yeah so then the last time
right oh my good my mom I couldn't even
come with a costume
I just anymore the doctor last night
went to the nurse to get blood work and
we both freaked it they were like I
can't believe that you heard the
heartbeat without dofus like when did I
ever say I heard the heartbeat like
nobody heard a heartbeat nobody like
none of that has happened yet I just
want to clear that up so this is just
our family GP it's nothing crazy today
we're getting our blood work back
they say our might actually kind of
might not babies
I don't know no one is mine and yeah and
then he's gonna transfer us or like tell
us because we have all you need the
blood work to be transferred to the
hospital and that's when we got our
first ultrasound
so Jonathan has been involved the whole
way I started the whole process
binaries so yeah there was no instance
where like
I heard a heartbeat and Jonathan doing
her and you see like that
I'm sure he will be there the whole time
and you guys will probably be there too
you are always with us it's like you
won't go away you're just like always
okay oh yeah we're almost out where it
like late looks like one minute
and you guys how's this crazy motorway
flyover that appears he's like I've
stopped going to the studio and then I
came Haiti today to the hospital or the
doctor so I was just like oh my god they
built an entire flyover over the entire
bishop's Iran Tibet it's
the week it looks or move the toy I
think I thought it was us but the date
here he look like a Salesman or
something you know it looks like he's
gonna sell them something
oh yeah making old syringe in a couple
of drones yes please
look he's got my cat already hope it was
not waiting around making record my
brother bought a PSP when he was giving
birth so apparently this do have a puss
for Meg if t those men do still play
under his bed mm-hmm he's going to find
out about public and private and all the
difference is possible look we have to
fill this thing every time I come down
into the kitchen and Jonathan has made
his lunch like every single time there's
always now you clean it up now pretty
much but there's always like a sieve
crumbs here next to the toaster after
he's made his bread it's so funny do you
think this is I think this might be on
its last legs what you guys think
oh I have another one here I might just
start with this one because that one's
going a bit soggy and I'm just making
this thing same old same old things and
I always make which is with mozzarella
tomato cucumber olive oil and salt and
I'm the food doctor pitabread because
it's really good so just got back from
the doctor everything's fine I don't
have I'm not HIV positive um and yeah
everything's fine
I was really happy that he said that I
probably won't get my first like stand
thing until like well next month
definitely because next one is like
tomorrow birthday opportunity but
probably the middle of February or
something I thought or maybe even the
end of February I don't know over here
they're just much more relaxed about
like ultrasounds and like finding the
heartbeat and all that stuff it's like
you're fine
and my doctor I really like him cause
he's so relaxed about everything and
he's just so laid back and he like when
I first went in there the first week I
was like oh so is there anything that I
should or shouldn't be doing or eating
or anything he was like no I was like
ready he was like just everything in
moderation you're like you couldn't go
horse riding you can lift weights if you
want to everything in moderation was
like okay it's so I can drink that
smoking no but I think you just well he
knows that I don't drink or smoke but
you know it was just very like relaxed
and I like that about a doctor I think
you know it's just nicer to be that way
so I'm gonna make this for the cutter
Brett gets cold
anytime coat that time guys like manner
of weeks what date is my Koga
first it's like a 30th of January today
less than a month away
see Chilean was amazing yeah please
pushed away that's why everyone bought
it was an amazing
no touch no smell no fuss sweet chili
dressing be able to stay friends okay
let's get that one
Steve village
switcher is spectacular and salmon oh
you know what that is because look there
a foil bag these are different you know
grilled and these are open made this be
easier for you nice pan Koga Koga Koga
no okay
my god it's way abort abort the
situation
my luck
let's put our ABS alright is it a
stuffed pepper No
the prune put in the right charlie
what would happen ever and anyone ever
done that where they've actually taking
the wrong probably I've walked off with
around Raleigh
that's he she do sometimes like
adventure shopping you just grab a
random trolley go pay for and then just
go home and see me again
you always need soup I never saw them
where the in sausage form I'm gonna try
to America guys I'm being converted I'm
killing gorgeous
destroy them for a lunchtime thing you
can catch up
that's what you've always done is it oh
yeah this wasn't it you
different normative dinner dinner dinner
dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner
dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner
dinner dinner whoa nice we haven't had
this tasty dinner in so long and we got
some parmesan Joe's yeah okay so good
idea guys I got a fresh pineapple I did
not get bananas but Nina got bananas and
I got some apple because I'm just gonna
go ahead and chop it up myself my newly
tomorrow you guys want to go inside
where day one single right go
hope you pop you joining him Cena won't
stay out there have you got some permit
oh my god that candle oh my god it
smells like heaven heaven heaven heaven
we have watch TV in ages because Horrell
Nene's been sick for the last while so
they have watched any of our fun shows
but M we've been like dehorning them and
saving them all up and now we have like
a mountain of shows to get you it's
gonna be an awesome night Fringe 30 rock
double turning rock parks and rack
office how he tries Oh bring or anything
JJ Abrams is made we're going to watch
it go ahead and eat it I'm just getting
my what you have for water would you
like some ooh
there's one for you guys who knows the
name of that Phillip now that's going
way back when I don't know watching that
like that's a Nina was made before I was
even a created but yeah
I'll be very impressed if I app than you
guys can name that though what in good
boy boy now let's go have some nom nom
mother mother effing nom noms zina it's
your favorite show it's your favorite
show and you guys watched California
hookups and heartaches it is the most
unrealistic look at life ever right oh
my god you're like walk around the house
wearing bikinis themselves like oh
because everybody in art and walks
around the house wearing bikinis and has
a Jacuzzi and goes parties and makes out
with millions of people hey that was
when you're like really tired and you've
left all the washing till the end and
you're like I don't want to do it mm-hmm
I just want to go to sleep but then if I
do believe they don't men tomorrow
morning you'd be like so grumpy because
all of this is like still left to be
done
yeah I know you did you're awesome
Oh getting this look at this oh no it's
lashing rain
it's so cool about the night this
morning though we're gonna tear it oh
look at them the likey tails we've got a
little wacky dance gravy leggy tails huh
actually it's not that much to do you're
a good person and then I just I put it
always
yeah yeah that's what the confusion
hidden tell us a nice that they're not
gonna go ahead they're not gonna go
ahead
it's always what the trick is you bring
you build it up like oh wow
come on PPC go peepees good
come on hey get them to come to the door
right this is really mean fun learning
spaces and try to make one go ahead come
on what go on go on come on you
you'd be grand you'll be grand you'll be
grand Jeffrey grant come on just get
your pee pees done get your pee pees
done I'll let you in as soon as your
puppies are done that's a check today if
you cruel about it I feel cruel and
unkind you just turn this light off so I
can see better what I'm sorry no no I
turn off this light though you guys hey
I noticed a couple of people are
tweeting me and I was kind of a tweeting
tweeting back and it's like hey is
everybody didn't air box this week I
think it's like the genius or Marx or a
couple meetings there months I think
it's you sir so begin your genius you're
months you're probably not watching this
so you're probably watching this a week
later because you're not allowed watch
it's important to do well but having
good luck on your marks wish them good
luck
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
