now I can hear all the naysayers telling
me that it's ridiculous to even come up
with the idea of doing something like
this but I decided that something I love
doing on YouTube and something I love
watching on YouTube is minecraft videos
and I decided I hated have a B I joke
this channel where there's nothing on it
and the Johnson Jolie channel is like my
creative outlet for like fun videos or
the one I like talk about stuff or I
don't know do other things and the vlog
is like everything else that I do in my
life so it's like I wanted something
else now I was like liking Minecraft
videos then I was like never ones are
like oh we're just gonna start and never
finish your and my dad I will stick to
it I promise you a stick you're not like
in Asia where like it's just so hard to
record it and then transferred in and
added and dupit and stuff with Minecraft
it's like it's not so one-dimensional it
can be anything I want it to be if I
want to just like buzz around or if I
want to do it so anyway what decided to
do is I'm gonna start an adventure where
they'll be just like I have to go in
like quests and stuff like that like but
and if you've never watched through
Minecraft video it's just like google it
they're hilarious because they're like
whatever you more creative and stupid
and funny you are the better the videos
actually end up being so I'm gonna put a
link to my oop I joke this channel here
subscribe to it and want you to be like
it I'm gonna record and upload today the
first episode of it I think they doin
sunburn island where it's like I have to
like collect 20 pieces and put them in a
chest or something I don't know it's so
exciting
but I'm really excited to do it I said
on Twitter and loads people oh my god
totally do it and I was like oh my god
guys like you guys are just give me like
permission to do it
thanks a lot so I'm pretty excited first
thing I'm gonna do though is I'm gonna
get some soupy soup to get my energy up
what a fun time this is like my staple
although look they know I do rye breads
have to get like oat bread I hope it's a
I hope it's tasty four slices of bread
and a big bowl of soup oh yeah she's
everything about it the my own half
thing is that I play like everyday all
the time I have
my tons of adventure laughs I had so
much fun and every time something crazy
happens in it I'm like oh man I should
have been recording it that is so funny
like that I lost everything or I got
lost or you know like it's just so fun
or something I don't know you know and I
know so people like some people based on
a common taint that I get so I'm so
excited you know and I do get excited
and I act like an idiot or a kid or
whatever like what you know but that's
just who I am like you know and I feel
that like I'm competing that's over over
emphasized by about a billion percent so
you like hyper doping you minecraft give
you hate hypertrophy and you prefer when
i'm auram talking in being more just
like I don't know like calm and quiet
and maybe you shouldn't watch the
Minecraft series or you could watch the
Minecraft series and turn the volume off
maybe I should make two versions of it
wouldn't be like oh I got a diamond to
pickaxe
this is fantastic news now with the
diamond pickaxe I can go and mine some
my new stuff or okay 6080 okay that's no
hyper I just have a non hyper day
where are you going are you going yeah
he's ready to add the minecraft
minecraft' who are you going are you
going because we're going on maybe or
walkies walkies
you guys wanna go walkies you guys wanna
go on a Sunday stroll Sunday stroll huh
it's trouble I've got our new bed oh
circle and it comes in like four
pillowcases nice cuz normally you got
like two pillowcases but like Jeremy
this isn't a shrimper saber this is like
a height a high-class quality product is
that right Tina
is it a high-class quality product come
on let's go
furnaces on because we are going away
we're gonna walk this one
what dude a look at this thing here oh
nice
that is kind of nice isn't it it's like
I don't know what that's called it's
like a a table trow or tablecloth or
some proper efficient airy kind of word
what did you have to get your you have
to get your stuff let's check zena's
leave clothes Oh
jumper furs oh these leave thingy got it
all here guys you got it all here
getting all the good stuff ready for
Mentos oh this is my sis who's so
excited it's been so rainy lately that
we haven't I feel like it's a big
special super awesome walk area they've
been like yeah the weather's not
improved
it's the wet outside but I feel like
it's a Sunday it's the least you could
do right now right yeah surely she could
do so funny you've seen every season
that's not like somewhere between a
bicycle and a person sitting on the
ground
that's what else kinda is wasn't it it
was like one of those three-wheeled
things I don't know what there is that a
go-kart it's kind of like a go-kart but
a go-kart has four wheels whispers you
probably can get go cards that have
three wheels as well maybe or something
put the two whom were like yeah
or she's actually scared yeah should
never bark people oh my goodness is so
cold
yeah yeah we're gonna be happy I'll be
happy a little campus and Sunday is the
busiest day for this book yeah a lot of
people come with dogs though which is
good for the social aspects they get the
hang out this is I always say down like
be so easy here because if we're pushing
like at I was gonna say trolley a
stroller we let them off all the time on
this walk which makes it a whole lot
easier because you're even have to like
kind of picture just weren't having a
time in their life kid ringing her Bell
and it's going that way because it's
nice and dry in the past but I know that
they love to run in the green grass I'm
gonna go track to the mud but I wonder
where am i running out of my tracks eh
come on guys let's go crazy go crazy huh
we see you please see him spy on her oh
my god don't forget to spy on her pretty
girls they're a bunch of crazies come on
look I'm fine now where's mommy come on
Tina Shh mom's up here
they sound cute they're so cute
I remember in the summertime me so it's
the oh my god seniors go back Cena oh no
Anna Anna
Cena's gone back that way
he's here
and you guys read this book ontology of
classical myth it's pretty awesome you
know I've read it a few times
no have you seen it have you read it no
it's really cooked you ever notice that
and sci-fi shows and geology are not
talking it's a causing an MIT kind of
because if you read to dislike all these
names aren't all that like in Stargate
looked at Prometheus there is pounding
is a quest it's all the names that were
used in all scifi shows it's really site
by show isn't mint it's not a sin so cuz
they're both fiction yeah totally oh
nice what should you dead
don't you get that oh wow it's so
amazing oh wow okay look what we got mmm
it is so good when you smell that
you want to actually eat it I don't know
what happened in the edit oh my god but
you know right you get to eat that looks
like a shepherd's pie but creamy fissure
lines pie oh what's in it what kind of
fish is it mate um peas I see looks so
good
oh my gosh it is cuz normally it's pasta
here Dave got some potato nice nice
shoes okay you're it's like taller than
me now hey don't stop me anywhere close
to me I'm not wondering what's broken or
something
give me shot by my romero my shoes yeah
cuz all growed up that was the most
amazing feast I've ever had my entire
life and now to follow up with some
minty chocolate ice cream oh my goodness
and some of these weird things
Harley wanted to see what the boxing on
what they're called curls biscuit curls
more like a biscuit Carl you guys see
can you guys seat you to biscuit curl if
I put it up into the little thing
oh you can't actually mint delicious
it's called delicious there's no tea but
look I got lemon grass though pink lemon
grass is like lemon what Oh No
so that's kind of the same thing that
what about as an emergency supply
unsweetened
Sunday
you know it's usually like nothing here
next Sunday but my goats milk
No
it looks kind of like nice he was a nice
wrapper in a nice box like or something
and this is one minute
see it's a yogurt it's a soy yogurt I
have I'll at Nene's
wait a second your stuff in the back
oh it's just the same thing I am
what's unsweetened
is that better just get the normal line
what
boys how much more expensive
these are not the ones that keep for
long
oh yeah you're right actually
okay well get it anyway like yeah and
then tomorrow we'll just get the normal
one since I'm sure we're okay Tesco
tomorrow that's what we do it's a second
home before we hang out
whoa terney tree percent Oh pick your
local spar now no this is a team
oh I wanna see if they have the binky
cats apparently baby peanut butter Kit
Kats
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
