I'll tell you get a stretch yeah you
know I find it if I stretch we're making
any sound I just it's not as fulfilling
as making it known you know you want
people to know you're stretchy
anyone who's like oh good Saturday
morning to you okay so maybe I won't
actually buy them again because I just
didn't taste that good to be honest
maybe it's cuz I was a Jeep owner some
Anatomy because I have tasted the fruits
of fresh fruit the fruits of fresh fruit
that make any sense so maybe I'll just
go buy
pineapples and apples and chop them up
okay I tried to take the ladies away out
it did not work you know what it is it
is my mommy's birthday today so I'm
gonna give her a call she's over in
Scotland with my brother and my sister
because her kind of partner lives in
Scotland so let's do the north phone
she's not joining the Irish fund or if
she's on the Scottish wanna know all
right Charlie out it is not been
possible to connect oh oh please try
again later
see um and he did this thing where you
can get people's names to come up in
your phone I think I have a UK number as
well you can size into UK because it was
like it just meant possible to connect
you know me it's more like oh wow this
is a Vodafone here yeah haha okay this
one zero zero four four it's a winner
okay ready guys why everyone to say
happy birthday Tory
 that
hey it's Jonathan here I was trying to
get free but I got her phone with noob
NAB wouldn't ring oh okay alright well
you let it know I called anyway okay all
right I'll call it in
alright thanks bye she wasn't even there
guys wasn't even there all our effort
huh all right back to work
that's the only good dog for a few
minutes I just go ahead and annoy Aldi
for a few minutes that's just annoy
Alvey for a few minutes I'll hold it
then I'll hold him down get him get him
get him get him
Jeremy Jeremy didn't do oh wow Cup how
Oh who's the man who does what he can
host again it's Joe I'll be yellow Oh Oh
Cena done trying to look out the window
huh look at balloon me huh
yeah oh he always rolls over easy roll
over roll over roll over and all that oh
she was just gonna mean looks at me did
mommy say fishy my shoes you might have
a wish
somebody watches this is yellow where
you pee you need to wash uh-oh someone's
got a yellow Willie
that means watch time don't you you're
so cute you guys you guys are gonna have
a new friend soon pull on your tail
mm-hmm-hmm be a tail puller I'll be I
think I'll be wants it to be a girl I
was like you like boys oh my god well
better just vocal yeah he's just very
vocal like you didn't like he's never
ever bitten one of us except for like
maybe by accident
mmm at night if you step on his tail or
like you know lean onto him he might
kind of go like but it's like a fear
thing
he's never bitten me whatever you say
things he does responds in there right
no explain explain yourself changes
everything do that spike invent treats
treats treats and changes the tune very
quickly you are too he never like she's
not evil at all
no no she's very quiet she's never know
ever I have another two what she got was
like it's kind of like it's weird
because she doesn't if it's like if
there's a stranger or you know if
there's something weird going on yeah
yeah well but never like with someone
familiar and it is Mara she does a howl
she's telling me she's telling me your
hold on nice good job LEM sippers limsa
Peyronie's Ruiz that's what I always do
I never call I just live on LEM sips and
eventually it gets better
it's the trick isn't it yeah I have
lambs up for like I don't know three
times a day here twice a day my cold is
gone by like day two or three so nothing
like it was taking so long to recover
from it because like nothing being
lingering for ages no no but now the
first day I woke up and I was like I
actually feel better I don't feel like
you know mm-hmm I still feel better you
know I'm coughing a little bit more but
it's like a lot of you're just
blammo just just spit in my face do you
think it's gross when you guys in public
I've never been this better I know I
think it's so disgusting when I see a
guy go
and he spits you're just like oh my god
you have just gone like from you know
average normal person to like scum of
the earth
it's so disgusting you'll be glad to
know I have never done that I like to
mean it's like littering it is like
littering your bodily fluids because oh
my god can you imagine like I'll get you
know lick it you know tell me everything
you lick yesterday I want I want an
account of everything you lick before
you kiss me ever again
like most if you're like a hardcore dog
lover like especially Maltese owners and
feel like they are they make more not
sacrifices but like you know they just
think I don't like choose not to see
things yeah yeah yeah that other girl
had Maltese and she was like I was like
how do you like did you think of it like
you know where they've been and what
they were smelled and what they liked
and she's like I just don't think about
it I can't take like well being seen her
so nice they would never ever entertain
things like that Germer they chased that
dog because it was drooling because they
wanted to lick on its drool awesome kiss
but so do most like if you have a
Maltese most people do that with their
Maltese and the Maltese are not like any
I mean they're not unlike any other
doctor well thousand it's known but it's
just like different I don't know it's so
weird if you're the small whereas I feel
like if it were I know actually I think
if I had a big dog I'd let him lick me
too I don't care cuz it's not really
fair is it no it's not fair it's just
harder were two big dogs you'd be like a
huge big strawberry yeah I generally
don't let them lick my face or anything
unless like like sometimes Cena just
does it anyways they do love the facial
hair
they love to lick the facial hair
flavors or like they don't do it to
other people
no like Cena will try to I don't we're
different
it's like cheating at us yeah but you
know they're all yeah okay it's cookin
uh-oh I opened the fridge door and look
all the eggs bail out and they smashed
smashed crust this is okay this one's
okay
but this one is not so okay let me just
take the good ones out and I will just
plop the rest in the bin
well yeah it's funny because they
balance in the floor and then I was like
oh nice they didn't break me man I was
picking them up from the other side
pouring everyone was like one didn't
work out very well for me I'm thinking
I'm gonna have Anna's left over from
yesterday's dinner for lunch
oh this work good work nice I'm a savior
of the day savior of the day ooh
Riverview free rejects say my mirror of
the day so look what they are
I get ridiculous that was just sitting
there it's just like tidy it in here
alright it's just a passion to here and
then I'm gonna have some cream with
those cake things that Anna made
yesterday which I cannot find what are
they let me help
that egg stuff stuck me 200 ways I think
don't you put them in that magical pin
place in new tins as a treats one
leftover cakes oh oh oh that's a good
place for them those are the most
amazing things you have ever tasted in
your entire life even though you
probably will never be
but you can make it yourself just go
back to yesterday's video and I'm not
probably talking about I actually made
them probably whoa
that's what I'm talking about how like
eat it up though you decided do not mess
around with that dependent a lien plays
next door and just go to where the food
is tasty
you keep them distracted I'll try and
grab them it's like I get a puppy puppy
cool hundred other cover down we're
cutting the tight guys because ooh
8:27 we are a freaking hurry
smells like wearing them me like
you'd be on the heights because of what
happened to them that's very moving
just like donkeys like we're going in
just wondering often support out though
I think date night should be moved to
like I'm one day afternoon no candy no
this is us pretending to be normal so
did um you see EastEnders Gator night
I did watch a campus Courtney and him
k kt c TN y taking take a CT d NY now
I like I like Courtney
it's not the Salone Jonah's on YouTube
no no Nicky man would you mind before a
grand piano
which is like what like $50,000 right so
you can play like twinkle twinkle little
star
baby
okay grand pianos RV folks as we know
so in stupid
yeah and he went inside
yeah yeah that's funny wise yet I must
be crazy creation like a million euro
port nano
and you watch that like in the Middle
East somewhere about like a pie chart
without the princes and
you know thank you
very
Maximillian strategy on line number
chironji be tripping over Ferraris but
look sorry maybe like money he'll be
dropping like hundred-dollar bills and
you're like too lazy to pick it up
she's like serious money the similarity
to it you know is that we drop them a
lot nah Polly money yeah so we're gonna
see intruder hollowface has no name
hello casing shoot intruders was it you
may have may not approve you mean I
won't ruin it but em probably like the
best
you know what it's supposed in terms of
everything else that was an option I
suppose it was
was a fun date night years are a bit
options are like kids bones you know and
I think you know in a few months that's
all we're going to be able to watch kids
films man
we're gonna say because all everyone
else is gonna know it and that's Cooper
ja in a big long
come on little JA India popinjay make up
I'm just having a cup of tea it's very
important when watching a horror film
not to go home and go straight because
they would use you like in your life
sleep at night right and then you look
at in the hallway you know and insulated
the shadows form
hollowface if you've seen the button
yeah you know what I'm talking about my
and same I know she's living a great
aunt she's from New York she always was
like yeah they sneakers same things and
then she says but yeah she's funny about
that I was really a couple of comments
though I am and trying to clarify that
when I was saying yesterday was like it
like a nickname to have the baby at the
moment you know when you know when we
were fair to her at the moment some sort
of unisex name because we've had like
baby name we know if we're having a boy
it's already named and if we're having a
girl it's already named we actually
named the child like about three years
ago you know we said it about kids like
this is that's the girl's name and this
is the boy's name you know and I don't
know I I don't know if we're gonna say
anything scary night keeping a shower
the movie I don't know if I'm gonna say
anything on YouTube until the kids
actually born Twitter or not and we're
going to tell you guys what the names
are that's no offense to you but it's
more like you know it's like what if
someone else like we know a few people
that are praying at the moment unless
they stole your name there's native
stealers you know but I'm pretty sure
nobody's gonna take these two names that
we have because they have a lot of
meaning and your specialist yeah also
Tibet the sexting of we're definitely
a.m.
we'll definitely find out what the sex
of the baby is as soon as possible like
I know let's do better like oh you
should wait and stuff like that you know
to find out and
- surprise ah so if my brother actually
surprisingly did wait I asked him and he
said oh we found out into the livery
room whether it was a boy or here on us
like oh my god that's crazy you waited
but I know I I kind of want to know you
know I kind of want to know what - what
- you know if it's a boy and to start
thinking about have a little a little a
little mini gopis and you know setting a
room and thinking about finding clothes
and stuff like that brought it and you
know orbits a girl doing the exact
opposite run it in you know one waiting
until that day and then sort of like oh
yeah oh yeah you know I don't know I
just I just think I'd rather no and I
think you know it's kind of like it's
here you find out oh my god pregnant
that's exciting
halfway through it you find out what the
sex is like oh my god and then at the
end of it you actually produce the baby
now some identities there's like three
main points along the way plus then even
just like subcategorized important dates
you know you've got like a first
sonogram thing we're gonna hear like the
heartbeat you know and then we're gonna
then we're gonna see it then its legs
and its head and all that kind of stuff
and then you'll find it's activated and
then the breeding the Lamaze I thought
it's cause the baby classes for you rub
the Tommy let me know awesome gonna be
awesome like Nando's it was such a tasty
meal which I've never I should have
never strayed from Nando's and those
nanos for the win right my tea is just
about ready so I'm just gonna talk you
guys into bed for tonight
oh now sweet dreams we just we just
picked your cover - oh sweet dreams my
night-night hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video
and favorite the video because there
will be
