I'm going into town with my mom because
we're girls and we like to shop
Jonathan is kind enough to bring me a
book he was going
going to the p.o box and I have a really
bad stomachache
I might I think Michaels getting better
I like
it's one of those ones I haven't lost my
sense of smell or anything it's not even
like a real
it's just like a little
kick me up the backside called like
you're pregnant so I'm just
watch me
I still get comments
see that
anyways late to the party
yeah it's just one of those horrible
look-alike
that's not even a real one like you know
Naren but it's our yeah it's like kind
of free Riesling yeah yeah like would
you just like do either commit to it or
not yeah but anyways yeah so I still
have my sense of smell
in fact it's have been very heightened
it's not the kind of cold where it's
just ingested all the time I just
it's like they kind of fooled where you
know I don't feel like I need
we know help
but you know how you know it's the end
of your hold when you're like blowing
constantly that you're getting rid of
everything now that happened to me this
morning and I'm like
means that it's overtime
it's the truth so I was actually quite
happy with time
you know I do have this stomachache kind
of nauseous thing going on but every
time that happens I think
I'm thankful because I know that it
means it
Oh
like a geek you know I was like I'm in
so much and I heard the baby did not get
Simon Terra's my mum I'm just picking up
some underwear because my cup size has
gone up considerably I need to get new
underwear and I tried on a pair of my
floozie which is this brand right here
joj and it was the only bra that really
fit nice so I need to get fitted let me
see what size I am in the Langham I got
maybe some floozy bras because they just
seemed to fit a nicer I don't know and
they're really nice as well they're
pretty expensive though but maybe I can
get something to say look I'm cute and
for Valentine's Day they don't have that
in my side and these ones very cute
so we just went to the gap because
somebody told me or
that they have really nice maternity
wear or even just like if I know they
have Judy with loungewear what the hell
is that oh my god I never saw none
before talking about it and I didn't
have a clue it anyway there's a cow and
I've tried anyway so I got some stuff
from the gap and um I'll show you guys
later catch you know that's so cool
that's what Todd was talking about that
time and I didn't even realize getting
away Danish ran Meadows and burn down
ha
but we're getting actually those three
tins in there
and it's one of the best treats women
has biscuit for them having cake and
that's for me my mom gave me a frying
pan
these letters are so cute for babies
industry and you just don't really like
letters that you mind I love these so
now we're going to eat tell me you're
gonna like this place here and we just
met Eric handsy and she wanted us to
carry her bike
he said no
Thanks we go hungry
thank you cheese oh I call it cheese
Harry tomatoes capers phenol red pepper
and my mom got 20 ET charlo evening they
look pretty good
well we are in the car park we just
finished we did tons of shopping honey
and we had a really nice that was a
really nice lunch like there's no
comparison do you remember that
restaurant we went to in mind point the
Italian restaurant that was like
compared to this one because this was
actually owned by Italians like she's
really nice
the waitress I don't know she's really
really nice and like we always talked to
her and now she knows yeah and there she
knows like that were half done so she
talked to us in Italian you know but
yeah she's really nice but um their food
is just so good I don't actually
understand something
anyway I think yeah sometimes their
ingredients taste like really like their
mozzarella and often I don't know how
they get it to taste that good because
whenever I get mozzarella here at East
Lake land but there's always secret to
taste amazing so I don't know how they
do that but it was really yummy and they
had a salad but I love how I hate places
that don't serve salad with bread cuz I
feel like I need bread as well and they
always have it with bread and olive oil
and stuff so that was very nice and I
got to broth because I needed two
different sized bras some kind of
maternity ish like loungewear from the
gap bed linen a table runner for girls
coffee
oh the thing that treat tin for a Libyan
Cena and the cake and a lot I actually
want to make a cake for drove mrs.
birthday although then I also want to
make red velvet
cupcakes for Valentine's Day so I might
do something like the same because his
breast day is the day before Valentine's
Day so I might make it kind of
Valentine's themed and he loves
chocolate so it has to be something kind
of chocolatey and yeah I think we might
be going to log of Mama's that day
because we have factors from my own and
we haven't used them yet and he likes
Wagamama he doesn't really like my butt
look bigger it something nice so that
was a really successful day shopping and
I might do a video on I don't know it's
kind of a mishmash of different things
so I'm not sure if I will even remember
me wasn't English blog today jump into
the gloves day classes will come over
yeah promise Charlotte will be back in
no Chris Meloni
he doesn't even know what to think of it
then uh from California
we get trolley dancer
you know it just seems easier than
having to push it then the magical
upstairs you I said you didn't buy that
house come on look at this spaceship
here coming in Brenda's I'm thinking
eating fruit pods everyday guys because
I don't eat enough that root veg I've
been told and informed all right I'm
gonna be a bad example for a little
Sloopy mini people saying give me a
nickname but I just don't know hey look
you put them in there three ways I feel
like I need a name like at baby baby flu
baby boo our baby's sick only Jolie I
don't know leave some comments of some
ideas for some nicknames there has to be
something like short and sort of I don't
know a one hit name you know series in
prayer if you create the interesting
responses than those roasted carrots
they're bunched the car little green
things yeah
Sana's maybe something magnificent and
exciting but I'm back on what I was
saying fruit points
I'm gonna try and eat my five a day
because I don't need fiber they got
somebody bad at it and forever the baby
Jewish I find like juiciness awesome
here maybe somewhere in the warm months
but it's so cold all the time that it's
really hard so I want to start juicing
again but I'm gonna wait let's like
blending himself we just think you can
put in a bag put it in a bag
like you can't just walk up there but I
doubt it like that doesn't get making a
snowman or something
Oh God people are gonna be shameful so
yeah what was the same my fruit thing so
I figured if I buy those little fruit
bowl things that you can buy and then if
you eat one of them every morning for
breakfast Oh Dan and you guys that's
what I'll do that's my new thing I'm
gonna eat fruit for breakfast I'm gonna
be gonna be awesome like that I'm gonna
I'm gonna make a stand to being a
grown-up not too much I don't know I
don't know overdo my glow no Fitness
whatever I feel like if I just have food
for breakfast every day and you know I
don't know well I'll be healthier and
better yeah you hit me on that guys you
at me yeah bring me to the proposed look
I found the perfect pasta but it's
faster
now this kids a star different adult
pasta would you get your kid that kids
pasta
know what you can do right you could get
the spaghetti and break them in half and
then they'd be like kids pasta no yeah
it's pasta like oh maybe it's not like
fun shapes or something that makes it
like better I don't know oh yeah look at
the deal and I forgot the shortcrust
pastry you know the entire structure and
support and most important thing needed
when making like some sort of shortcut
things upstairs like oh I need to go
back and get one more thing and I was
like Oh what was this important just
like uh yeah I think so
like was like well the shortcrust pastry
it's like that sounds important so I
packed the car brought back the charleen
and all that kind of stuff e's just in
case like oh my god you left your
pregnant wife to like walk on her own
down to the shops and like the a but i
did all the other stuff okay okay and
speaking of which you know i haven't
asked you guys do in a long time and you
know i was thinking about this today and
I was like imagine my child come into
the world I was a loser don't you want
my child to take his father's a winner a
winner like a shorty award winner why
shameless self-promotion there's a link
below if you have a Twitter account dude
do the right thing do the right thing
click on the link I don't even know if
you I think you click on it I think it's
still there you click on that link and
it brings your page and you go like I
nominate John and joy for a shorty
warrant and video blogging and then you
say why you think I deserve Ward if you
think I deserve it it would be a
bullshit I don't know I'm just saying
it'd be kind of Awesome if my child
taught I was a winner if he was like my
dad was a winner on the same year I was
born I yeah I know what you're thinking
oh my god he's using his child to
further his dreams I don't know whatever
yeah so what this is what he told me he
told me in a dream he said that's what I
daddy daddy daddy wasn't there
oh yeah ah you got to pull on it
I thought big fan of the uncooked stuff
losers losers did you make them extra
good because Emma didn't come home it's
like extra birthday we've always been
holding back because Emma can make it
tonight we decided we're gonna go all
out and make something even more amazing
that looks amazing
everything looks amazing you look
amazing
your hair looks amazing they're like
Rapunzel does not look like a witch's
hair I like it I like where it's all
kind of like I'm free with nature you
know I couldn't find any my present no
presents for me can't believe that
that's not your school somebody stole
Erica's thunder probably probably or
maybe they're just more important in
your school or something did you make
love hearts cuz you love me oh thank you
Thank You muchly no no water I'm just
gonna get a glass of water
excuse me gee mm-hmm anyone's in the
water
oops I spilled the dog water oh look at
this that's merica hmm Erika trot
throughout swamp water just me and Erica
can on it's a busy it's a busy road here
today is it the clampers are out tonight
let's make a good blog everyone is gone
it's kind of Jamie Oliver is very like
trying to do everything like you know
like almost like good like everyone ate
it it was so spicy you know did you how
much chili do you put in it bullets
really things yeah Oh guys rook account
awesome that picture is milk I'm wearing
my nolan t-shirt i got my check thing on
don't worry about the faces thing she
said am that i said like don't worry
about the face it's her style of drawing
because she doesn't feel that she can
capture the essence of a person which is
right though which is a Hannah you're
right there actually
because you know how people faces is
really hard to capture thing but I'm
yeah that was from Hannah and short was
trying to do anything look at him look
at him sitting there lazy lump didn't do
anything
wanky squaw swanky panic critic oh yeah
imaginations I'm sure you make great
parents
yeah I could've getting oh and John when
you're trying to say to me in German
thanks Allison thanks Alan and I meet
Hannah look at this word hello it's high
surge office and mine um my mug fish
daven fishing what are you making me say
hello it's high surge office hello my
name is javis one Mike fish Jabin fish
job
what does that mean us what am I saying
somebody is too many analysts boiler
brunch
there's never enough panels in the world
oh no oh no no guys look at the two unum
okay them they deal with this chili in
there so yeah look away hi guys because
look we had you might have actually
while you're eating that you might talk
this sausage tastes funny if it tastes
real I actually that's heavy like a real
sausage but bangers and mash succulent
me feed corn I gotta try these though I
miss eating so I haven't eaten this
oxygen so long and I kind of miss eating
sausages we should try this
yesterday what's that oh yeah okay oh it
has Chilean have a little look at her
i'll be i'll be i'll be get in there get
in there
you might find it too spicy I'm pretty
too scared to put that in there there we
go there we go get in there get in there
okay so he said shake it a gentleman
ladies first ladies first and so he
should be he left from the jet himself
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
