hmm another lovely day in Ireland
yum-yum
where's the Sun what do you do under
Neath there what are you doing over
there what are you doing over there what
do you you know were there what are you
doing over there
how big abou applicable just practicing
guys because the pig of poo the pig a
poo is probably one of the most
important aspects of a child's life if
you get to pick a pill wrong I could be
setting my child okay
you can turn around like Dexter Morgan
if I get to pick up around there go the
pick up to the key in anybody's growth
and so I just recorded a really funny
video um I'll put a link to here filthy
self-promotion filthy self-promotion it
I love this alright you got the video by
the way it's pretty funny but I love
this this is so funny you're like a shop
steward steward are shopping no TV are
you gonna merge all of these together oh
it's a DS pants video your necks are so
small oh my God look at my big manliness
but still like they're really small like
to see those small legs not for much
longer
mm-hmm all this in the bin well actually
I was kind of you get stupid because
afterwards you my life no clothes then I
mean these probably this is probably a
reason way
you know the probably the tightest pants
I own and I know I'm not gonna yeah
number Songer that you should wear them
every week until you finally figure you
can't wear them anymore
Thank You book oh my goodness
oh my god I can't believe it I've never
been this far away from home
what's your problem
but it's like that Lobby system there
goes it alone but you made function huh
yeah it's nice
when the dim light is on and the
curtains are closed you can't see
anything good place looks spotless at
night what you major Op bündchen me to
my bündchen get him Xena Xena get him
get him get him
go and annoy that dog right now
that's me silly dance silly dance what's
happened but yeah I hope you mind in the
house oh sorry I didn't make sure you
mean that come on I don't know where to
but I think I think I might have been a
hint to clean the table not very subtle
hint of hinted but a hint all the same
and I would take that quest because I
even may Anna breakfast in bed this
morning
mm-hmm because that's what you do when
your partner is producing ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba would you like to buy a ba ba I
don't know where I'm just gonna stop now
okay it's probably safer for all the
children watch it yeah so I still feel
sick say I don't know what that's
happening with me I think well I kinda
know what it is I think it's because I'm
not taking anything for it cuz I'm just
so afraid like I know that usually I
would take lemsip but I've just read so
many horror stories about lemsip and
even though Jonathan asked the
pharmacist and she said it was okay I'm
just like not
I'm scared to take it so I just haven't
been I feel like you know I'm coming out
of a cough or something or so I throat
now I've gotten a cold I thought it was
over I don't know what's going on a
favor I just think my body is like so
like my immune system is just so low
right now which sucks I hate being sick
I can't stand it and running sorry I'm
making dinner I'm making pasta with peas
and onion which I copied my mom that's
like what do you making for dinner she
was like help us tempies was like okay
good the same except she makes hers with
bacon so obviously it's not like bacon
but Jonathan really likes this dinner so
that's what making it this smell looks
like and I'm kind of using a Jamie
Oliver recipe but kind of going by my
mom's at the same time his didn't have
onion in so I added onion then the pasta
boiling it should be shells but we don't
have any shells but he's a pen name so
this is the recipe I'm using right here
see that's what it should look like
so hopefully Joe piece will like this
dinner well I know he does like it but
he looks like what my mom and my sister
cooks better because they're better cook
than me but I'm trying okay I need to
blow my nose yeah this is disgusting
excuse me stop staring at my hair okay
that's what happens when I take a date
I'm sexy I try not to have daytime
showers
I have nighttime showers and then the
conditioner everything and then I go
asleep when I wake up it's like perfect
but I decided to have a daytime shower
today and this sort of just happened
so put arrested today let's just look
beyond the hair situation okay when we
do that look at this magnificent
magnificent what have you got here talk
to me George
tell me about it you got peas pasta
parmesan
oh my god it all begins a pea
please pass sometimes you just look at
my hair didn't you what you were fair if
I didn't shower
it's just normally I do tonight I don't
know I didn't think it was I didn't
really think about it that was my first
problem I think I need some juices see
Jesus and Juicy Juice do you guys want
any Juicy Juice right now do you thing
like that any sort of thing like that
you tall glass of water okay the light
in here perfection it's bouncing all
right but some shows and eat some moms
come on guys it's a game so I'm left
with the kids let's get some treats
together yeah yeah okay you guys have to
stay here no no no down down down up
okay give you a raise just wonderful ish
I'm gonna put the camera in here one
each okay
did you get one mmm put the tip nice
that's it you got some bunch of treats
remember don't get on look at them they
know where they are another metric
beggars all right here we go here we go
lads
here we go oh do you more okay buzzer
all right and let me see what happens if
I said sit let them lie down
nope nope lie down lie down
come on Cena lie down good girl good boy
good boy
you're the best doggies they were the
best dogs in the world like me I'm like
my Fox guys so um
she sounds gone too bad I'm actually
downloading the update for Drake snore
but you know what I did I made the
biggest mistake of my life
somebody said I should watch the show
somebody said I should watch a show
called I'm one born every second no one
born every minute or something like that
let me tell you guys that show I cried I
was scared I was disgusted I was excited
and I was afraid that is an intense show
like I'm not going to show how to show
it's someone we really scream like
I think I mean you guys never had a
water bird what's up with that like I'm
like that instead okay no it isn't it's
like they just kind of like swim out so
I did my circles like my mom and dad
it's not like that is it no it's not
I've an itchy nose of such a Cheetos but
yeah apparently there's so many
different ways to give birth I thought
it was just like guided I didn't know
backwards or forwards or something like
that but yeah there's like so many
different ways but it's so like I don't
know there apparently there's an actual
domain maternity ward in court like in
Dublin there's like I think I was born
in Halle Street and I think there's a
few different ones and in Dublin you can
get put in court because of me like well
just two of them actually but and see
you age which is like Cork University
Osborne's like the big one anyway the
big maternity ward but parently they
shot an episode I'll would born every
minute in court
there's a couple episodes of it and I
was like oh my god I don't know where
they are like cuz you can em I think
this on you for the UK but be good to
4od and which is a channel for like the
channel 4 player I don't think it's
forward e.com
actually have no idea what it is just
Google for a d1 born every minute you
can actually probably find a few clips
on YouTube of it but get a four D player
but like okay you go see does that anger
like and I was kind of like we were
talking about this you know it's like
you know how much of it would you
actually show and stuff and I think like
we've always ball ways been like strong
on like dignity and stuff like that and
obviously I'm not going to show you you
know but I think it's more about like
you know reaction and stuff like that
like I think that's that's better
for what will probably show rather than
in actual that's a bit private that's a
bit of a private situation I'm gonna go
inside you know I don't know where's
that under that's like if they think
they're gonna get a cheek if they come
back in afternoon peepees that's our
plan that's her little plan look she's
gonna wander around do nothing and then
come running back Oh dad dad I need
something no way Jose buddy
one two you look at you to coin what
play your little game play your little
game play your little game cuz guess
what guess why daddy's got smarts oh
yeah my next triumphal battle this well
as foes knees made the dinner so it's my
turn to wash up although I do I do a lot
of to wash it up right but I'm not like
bragging you know respect but I had a
bitch or like I taught at first not
having a washing machine that it was
gonna be like hell he's gonna be crazy
whatever look growing up he swam he said
like we never went like on holidays
outside Ireland we always act like we
rent like Shannon boat remember and you
guys remember when I was on my mom's
boat a while ago well a boat like that
my parents used to rent him at the
Emerald Star or several on cruisers and
from character Shannon and you would
rank them and you just drive open and
lakes and so forth and it was it was
more of a kind of I don't know I liked
it was growing up as a kid you know cuz
it was pretty simple holidays like you
know cuz I think anybody well we never
had any money growing up like so how is
like not like you know what I wouldn't
want to cheapen my memories of my
childhood but they definitely wanted
they were there were budget conscious
but fun names you know like we have like
a rowing boat and as much dad my
brother's highlight of the summer was
getting our little rowing boat and like
you know rolling into little where am I
going
where am I going with this any he'll
they take me over to watch machine so we
always had to watch you open it was kind
of like he'll be wandering the washing
wooden did it drying I'm wondering to
put away you know and that's how it
always lost doors for of us I have
pretty or there but one of them is like
four years younger than the rest of us
controller in the same age so em it was
always like washing drying and putting
away and then like Julio Pia whose
illness what kind of sit there and like
play with her toys you like slightly
like oh yeah wait am there's something
suiting right because I'm I'm a
daydreamer I I enjoy daydreaming me I
like to just wander in my taught so
especially the moment
like babies just amazing and okay so if
I lean on this test turns on and if I
lift it
okay let's ignore that for the moment
and hope it stops oh my god is stripping
them you know I'm looking forward to is
the actual heartbeat thing my brother
told me that he has this device thing
that he bought it at home
anything like no no Sam I bet it but you
can listen to the heartbeat of the kid I
don't know what that what it's called
but he said I was like going who's like
I was like I don't know if I want that
because like wouldn't I get obsessed you
know when you get obsessed with
listening to it and then what if you
can't find it one day but if there's
nothing wrong you just can't find it you
know if it moved or something like that
you're freaking out I know what they are
but so we have inherit any like
heartbeats or we haven't seen any like
and sonograms are ain't that kind of
stuff don't worry guys you'll be there
for the moment the first I don't know
what time we can do it out alone we get
to do for the first time but I may
actually get to go and hear a little
like although you think it's gonna be
like boom boom both screaming by like a
hundred and sixty beats for a second and
something crazy and not what you think
Mike boom boom boom you know that's
gonna be amazing like and to see like I
don't know it's like it's like they're
saying at the moment looks like if
kidneys are formed in spine his form
that he its brain this for him its eyes
informed you know Scott it's like it's
like Azula see the fetal position that's
gonna be mental life to see like I think
it'll really make it real I can't wait
for that I'm not sure when you get to do
it like we have we have private
healthcare because we're obviously we're
self-employed so we don't have like a
job that gives us like healthcare so we
have to like pay a billion euros a
minute for it
and we recently am i recently upped it
to like the video I'm really high one
would cover like a mom and dog mom and
daughter mom and child and stuff like
that so I think within that we get loads
of like extra stuff to go with that but
still like I don't know in the first
scan it's at the hospital building so we
might have to go off and get our own one
down or something I'm just I'm really
excited to like see the oh bugger you
know like wait dude in there and I mean
I mean standing on like a second Willy
is that have Winnie okay and
it'll turn out that's his toe or
something like that you know but like I
say all that kind of stuff does go to
your head like there's no way there's no
way it's a girl we means boy means girl
I'm making some tea for Nina oh boy I
cannot believe that start dripping again
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
