I am never getting takeout food ever
again for the rest of my life
putting are such a silly pair I lose
remember morning sickness retching I'm
like last night oh my god
you murdered that pizza I ordered from
that restaurant I don't know what it was
maybe there's food poisoning or maybe I
had an aversion to it or something but
like I was throwing up all last night is
and I'm still pretty it's not fully left
my system yet you know that kind of way
but oh my god I didn't say that this is
my punishment if we had just gone ahead
and made the salmon everything would
have been okay
well because lazybones here was like
let's just get a dick away that's it I'm
never getting take away ever again
oh my god I feel so sick I'm like I'm
the worst I am such a little baby when I
get sick it's like the last time I true
up we can said Donna's like oh my god
Jim the last time I talked 2008 2008
well actually it was Christmas as in
seven almost 2007 or 2008 and his 2012
like that's what I'm like I never
usually get sick I have a really good
system I don't throw up I don't even
really I'm very good you know I mean I'm
careful and stuff I got you know on it
and like when it happens like I just
feel like my entire body goes into like
panic mode and I just think like oh my
god this is it like I'm never gonna see
my child grow up oh my god my life is
over then I can't breathe and run I'm
just like oh I'm panicking I can forget
I am not making it to Detroit tonight
like you know I'm not going to gently
lean down lift the lid make sure it's
all nice inside oh you know I'm like
Wow okay wasn't that dramatic but it was
all over the bathroom floor and stuff
missing you know because it's just I'm
not good at it you know because it
doesn't happen enough that I don't know
do you good are you good at throwing up
do you have discipline to go over and
lift the toilet lid oh but then you know
I know was asleep dope but I think that
woke her up and it scared the crap out
of the dogs because I was alright in
itself but AB and I when I cleaned all
up and disinfectant in everything saw an
open window so there's no smell or
anything I have for them oh my god I
feel so crap this morning thank God it's
just a point Anna was at it this morning
as well like you know cuz a comes and
goes with her it's kind of like you know
and guide you right now and there's like
gossamer you know buzzing until this
morning I was like you know drinking my
water she's sitting over there Connery
like hey we're right there okay no more
takeaways normally I have like half the
pizza tonight last night and I know it's
at the half a pizza now but forget it
you know what is awesome though there's
so much ginger stuff in the house I
might just have some of the ginger stuff
because you know it's supposed to make
everything better
Jeeter makes everything better did you
make the world go around okay
worst day in my life ever so the dogs
are like so crazy every time they see
somebody outside they start barking so
we have to have the blinds closed all
the time and it's so depressing I'm like
not in a good mood with them right now
because they were just like taking it to
a whole another level like I understand
that dogs like bark when
Massett their territory but like these
dogs have just taken it way too far
today I'm just like I feel like I'm
gonna kill somebody
and I know it's opponents pregnancy
hormones or something but I literally
felt like I was too smaller than both
they just would not stop barking at
every second like every person who like
dares to walk past and like doing the
kind of a busy not busy but like I'm
you're wearing like a residential area
I'm like obviously there's many people
are at me so I'm gonna make my lunch
what time is it actually bus covered his
dolphin on boats it's three we got up so
late last night to earth hops night this
morning
plus I'm sure Johnson told you about his
little experience last night which was
not very funny oh I know yeah so that
wasn't very fun and then after that we
got a phone call from some random taxi
driver at like 6 a.m. and he threw up
everywhere at like 3 a.m. then the text
this Brandon had to drive her cause with
the wrong number at 6 a.m. so like we
were just up like all night seriously it
was a disaster so we got up so late like
out of it we me xi er yeah 11 and I had
like the worst by the morning sickness
ever it was so scary I wish I was sure I
I know I told you guys before that I
don't throw up usually like I'm so I
have such a strong so I'm walking really
good at that and I have a really good
what you call it like gag reflex is it
good or bad I don't I can't remember but
whatever you know the one I'm talking
about why you can actually control that
some people can't
they have like yeah I don't know but
anyways um so yeah I was I took a bite
out of my breakfast this morning and
literally was like oh my god I had to
like back off I was like holding my
stomach like I knew I was gonna throw up
I was like this
that I'm gonna throw up this is like the
one too I was like no sigh just taking
my prenatal pill and I was like so upset
with myself was like please don't rob so
I lay down on my bed and then I didn't
throw up I was so happy with myself and
then it passed and I finished my
breakfast and here I'm at lunchtime so
I'm very proud of myself
um because I did not I do not want to
lose any weight I know that sometimes in
the first trimester you do lose weight I
don't want to cuz I know it's not
healthy for the baby so yeah so if my
sandwich remember yesterday I was making
my son right and I was like I think so
I've gotten so used to halloumi cheese
and um I was making it with mozzarella
and then I was like oh we probably don't
even need salt yeah it needed Salt
badly it was like so I'm just like kind
of bland so I'm gonna have to look at
this cover it guys like it's cuz we have
hardly any storage for food oh there it
is I see it but yeah it's like chocolate
and I still need to eat these she might
have them tonight for a dessert because
they are proposal
yeah am I gonna bread is ready so yeah
I'm gonna make my lunch now
but Nana trying some super it's because
it's probably like really like light on
your stomach so probably the best thing
to do because thank you
actually never want anything ever again
but probably need them
because she wasn't grad and so maybe
of down by Huntington crunchy right
without the crunchy my
so punish me right Brad some soup pea
soup
better
sick sick and in sync guys I've been
asleep for about I don't know most of
the day and I feel a lot better now but
am yes I am in the fridge because all
the lights are now gosh kitchen I just
give me and flick the light on it it
wouldn't turn on I was like oh why are
you doing this to me
it's so funny when you get rented
properties because the last one I moved
here obviously bought all their lights
and then they moved out a year later
so all those lights are gone now so then
you know I think that's just a cycler
but probably all I all I have never this
is it so I'm using the fridge it's the
free your light I have to tell you guys
my story so I'm I'm going to go in a
mission I'm going to go in a mission of
vital importance and I will not be
returning until I find the light bulbs
and I think he's saying some people were
saying before that I should bring the
light bulb with me whatever breaks are
something I think I real though I think
I think I'll bring one light but with me
till we come back with the right lights
and I am buying 5 billion lights that's
what I'm gonna buy that's the kind of
seriousness I have attached to this
quest and then I'm gonna have some saucy
fishy company well is Ben here oh hi
noggins she isn't some honey and some
apple juice but a one the eggs or you
know I don't spend a lot of time inside
the fridge you should go to your fridge
right now and spend a little time with
your fridge toy your fridge
I appreciate you refrigerating my food I
do I appreciate it let's go all right
ease Afghanistan College was our secret
secret magic key wouldn't free Charlie
please
pretty cool right
like Charlie jackers
awesome
rule-breakers
nobody else has a key like mine I'll bet
somebody else
yeah they say you've no no
responsibility you really need to bring
anything back that's it you guys want a
Charlie cam
yeah and then you don't you don't have
responsibility she could dump it dump it
so it dump it
I always thought that was magnetized we
found out it was not you magnetized I
think he did explain to me how it works
Thanks you're gonna be a great mom we
can explain how the trolleys in Tesco
work
well obviously Howard I guess that I'm
you guys explain like mommy wouldn't
understand those things
come on come on come on
all right let's do this let's do this
professionally guys so this is what
we're looking for I brought one with me
I need I need as many as these as you
can find that does kind of look like in
there listen it those ones
let's have a look back um hi could you
get me down some more buildings so I can
have a look at them thinking a jewelry
the jeweler's or something that does
look like it doesn't it Sam it's double
check yep
that is the one we got the one Nina the
homeless okay
they're 40 watts okay no more maybe
they're energy saving 100 cases - in
there so for six that's it six yeah we
are going to have a light party tonight
guys I know
Oh customers if you guys are customers
the task for you guys should listen up
green tea but I don't need these are
decaf healthy choice no antioxidant now
it would say on a decal wouldn't it
buddy clipper one oh wait a second wait
a second you must have brought I liked
it well you get yourself each oh but I
like it I like I like think the same as
you
oh so give me twinsies and I can be like
they make a cup of tea
and then we have tea together cause
recently you've been saying no and I can
have an intent we're a team
let's hug let's hug it out in the
t-section hug them in using ginger lemon
and ginger caffeine free just in case
all right nice teamwork
nice teamwork guys
what you got the big Oreos double
centered everything bad view huh
okay guys you ready you got you ready
ninis let's do this here we go
three and three nice look you know light
in here oh my god that one's flickering
over there oh oh that one is not good no
I got it I got it was kind of slippery I
love it it's not why not hey that one's
the one oh my goodness look at the light
in here so much light we could achieve
an e we can come as a TV now but all
this like oh wait I don't even know I
had to fake this one though I don't even
know what kind of a bulb it takes I
don't know how to get the bulb out of
there yeah yeah I know it's so good
finally it's a daytime light boxes made
a ticky-tacky and they all live in the
houses and they all look just the same
there's a blue one then the green one
Nana yellow one man ray if you know the
name of that show leave a comment below
it used to be awesome but I stopped
watching it a while ago once it left
good yeah
screw you and more hello
Oreo oh I didn't know I was recording
huh whoops
okay so salmon finished cooking just now
it smells so good
brown rice cucumber salad a new plates
and we need oven gloves and we need to
do something with this all right boil
this and then what we're gonna do is put
the chili sauce in a cup of boiling
water because that's what the
instructional aides do so see now you
make me nervous when you when you're
there because I don't know I'm here
gonna jump into the oven
cute cupcakes on it see oh it's a
Christmas one whoops
oh that's okay now
let's see this delicious feast that I
have prepared
YUM
all right switch this off and that
smells delicious
so now this is boiled we're gonna put
this in the cup and put the sauce in
need some more water it's kind of a lot
but it's okay so we're just going to
leave that oh you couldn't even see that
cuz you gonna leave that for a bit a
minute get this ready and then we're
good to go I'm so excited for this
dinner I love it and I never make it
like I think it's a lot if this dinner
was an hour old old house cuz obviously
we couldn't cook in the last hair that
stupid problem but the house we lived in
the like duplex mmm sweet chili salmon
mm-hmm the rice it's nice that whole
grain rice or something yeah
nice good job ninis I don't know what's
going on over here like mom makes us eat
our vegetables all the time this smells
amazing oh sweet chili salmon nice nice
I'm excited and delighted no get down
well do you have my share if you want no
no no no it's like it's so much light we
just even the one life so look look what
we get there tea guys it actually came
with a free cup of like this pack
contains English breakfast tea treat
isn't that kind of sweet
you have to smell this this is the lemon
and ginger one oh my life it smells
cray-cray let's get some tea on the go
freshly boiled cup take chick balls team
and the go go go that's quick all right
this is probably gonna taste amazing so
lemon eats a gingery which is actually
perfect because we bought I've like what
said do you need a spoon in here one
you're not gonna answer me oh did you
topside thanks thanks thanks like does
that make me one T do you want to make a
tea right now
mmm even look it look like it's
naturally caffeine says like just lemon
and ginger actual lemon and ginger this
is gonna taste so good
that's the official teabag area mm-hmm
so we decided we decided to call it the
official teabag area it's just kind of
putting the official teabag area all
right ease all righty is T for the to
tea for to you aren't I unborn child
yeah you going upstairs yeah but I need
you to give me that oh yeah the files
cuz I'm playing as we can see here I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm just gonna do a
little bit of modern warfare
little bit of modern warfare brofist but
sometimes you get a little loud on me
yeah yeah sometimes be a little loud
gets exciting it's an exciting situation
so you guys want to go with Anna or jus
want to stay here and play games with me
leave your comments go upstairs
cuddle in the bed watch the Kardashians
banana stay down here eat go to cakes
and play modern warfare at me choose hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
