so I'm going to the doctor this morning
again and yeah the secret said you
probably all know why but I'm also my
sore throat has not gone away and I got
likes to stick acting up all over my
face I know you probably can't see it
everything wearing makeup but it's like
on my cheeks which I never get acting
never ever like that never happened to
me one like on my forehead and a few
more but like on my cheeks both sides so
that's really not fun and one else mamas
Dada it's bringing me in and then we
might mean and my sister afterwards but
because she's in college so she's gotta
walk I hear
Mac there's Wilden shopping center
that's near where Jonathan used to live
and oh yeah I'm basically all I'm doing
today is getting blood samples taken and
then the next week I'll see you my
doctor so I'm not actually gonna see my
doctor today I'm just gonna see a nurse
so and I have to I don't I'm not sure if
I need to give a piece ample as well as
oh I forgot this morning I meant to take
one because every time you they tell you
to peek and that you need to give a
sample then all of a sudden you can't be
so I meant to do it this morning and I
forgot so hopefully I'll be able to pee
on the spot I can't you figure that okay
look maybe you can help I'm here okay I
have to get into the castle somewhere
whoo like my enchanted sword look
enchanted it look nice how's the
enchanted on my armor look nice nice
nice these are the important things in
life
enchanting I just began to get into the
castle
all of them rose am one of those
MapQuest ones once your morning as busy
as mine oh my goodness one day closer to
having a Bambino in my life my life will
be full of strife I like you just about
to UM put up a little screen chance you
see yesterday Facebook I like to just I
like to toy with your emotions like that
it's fun to be excited for something
isn't it isn't it kind of like my train
said oh yeah by the way I'm pregnant
ages go well wouldn't it told you guys
AG go for an insanity and it's March
like oh we're pregnant
you know and then if you just like over
and be like oh cool but this way it's
like building of the sudden it was like
you know she's more fun that's exciting
when they's always boring I would be
always known as the man that made Monday
fun day that's me javis so not to be a
bore and film
the same location again but I couldn't
really film in there unless I hid the
camera and set it off or something
she actually probably wouldn't have
minded but I got my blood work done
whatever um plaster it's just two or
three reasons I think to know my blood
type because they don't just like guess
white go by your mother are you eight
so I think that's wow I don't even know
but so they do that and then to check if
I can't remember there was three
different reasons maybe to check that
all my vaccinations were today or
something like cuz she talked about when
I was a baby when I got like
vaccinations and stuff
and then she asked me was i squeamish
and I was like no and then she laid me
down she said this vein is good vein so
if I ever need to produce blood for
anybody to offer up this vein because
it's a good one
she also asked me if I had broken my arm
this one but actually no it's just I
think I'm double-jointed because it goes
back like really really far and then she
asked me if I was feeling okay and I was
fine I didn't even didn't even notice
that
actually this arm is a camera but that's
about it
and I have my little plaster and then
next week I go back for like the results
and then I think I get an appointment at
CU h which is the hospital and that
means I can get my ultrasound I think ya
think so the first daughters then
the baby's heartbeat and everything so
went well so I are going to Wilson a
shopping center to meet my sister and go
to Tesco
the best place ever
you're not gonna believe this guys
I didn't make CPC I didn't make soup pea
soup I'm changing the rules rules of the
game
go outside go outside copy go Xena
good girl good girl
I didn't have Snoopy sing today I had
spaghetti spoke at you come on tonight
I'm telling you know what I mean cook
meals you know this is a fresh pasta
this is like homemade path that's like I
basically made and the reason is they
look so one if I eat five an M without
my five a day
oh my god I am like a nutritionist
people should pay me to give you
nutritious advice leave some comments if
you need some nutritious advice so we're
in Tesco and
I got this for tonight and look ginger
this is my favorite and I really like
these but you get a little pouch of
sauce and you just pour it on top and
then it's while you cook it first and
then pour it on top and it tastes pretty
good but this is the first time I got
the ginger so it's like I'm gonna do
cucumber with it as well
cucumber salad oh yeah do I need to
plain yogurt for that yeah
I'm gonna be a good husband hoes and I'm
gonna clean the toilets because they're
making me do I'm going to make you pay
for this and I'm going to make you clean
your room so let me go wash my car and
then I'm gonna get to order your cooking
the gutter cut the grass
oh yeah just remember this day cuz you
only have to clean the toilet but see
glad I do okay the other day my mom
brought me this Rachael's organic ginger
over it's great style and it's so
it tastes like dessert I had it for
breakfast morning for
so I got this one for dinner to make my
cucumber it
Tesco does not have any deal
in this full section there is no deal
so that's go you've ruined my dinner but
it is kind of weird but it's not here at
all so I don't know I might have it at
home I'm not sure cuz I have that big
spice rack but I never already know what
to make so I'm back home and I'm making
my lunch at a reasonable hour of
half-past 1:00 all right
I love apples how many are there 1 2 3 4
5 Oh 5 I drove my mom 6 oh and
apparently you can get them in
anthropology if those of you in America
it's in London as well isn't it are
interested that's where you gotta get
them but they're not from anthropology
they're from
were they from ham top but it's weird
because Charlotte from crawling in my
web on YouTube she showed me a picture
of hers from non-apology
and they look exactly the same that's so
weird anyways I need to put this down
now for a second to watch me make lunch
it's not very interesting but if you
want so I have a closer have a food
doctor multi-speed or what is this close
I want to see it in a cereal or
something like that
pitabread oh no I can't cut that right
it's not that difficult
this one is wonky though monkey chomp
there's these new dog toys or not dog
toys dog treats called Wonka giant I'll
bet there's Rob
no fine so I'm thinking mottrot tomorrow
that's always delicious actually it
could be just like that by itself but
we're gonna make it a little bit more
interesting and add some cucumber
Leaning Tower of Pisa okay and then drop
some olive oil just like yeah and that's
it my one key I want to chop my one key
jumpstart would see it was weird formed
and guess what
it's almost Pancake Tuesday well
actually it's not but I know it's coming
up soon I'm asking my mom about it
see these are the things that get me
through this time of year because I
don't really like this time of year very
much
um this is a German calendar so it
doesn't say this isn't a gang shooting
in February
let me know I know it's called different
things in different country like some
you know HUD Shrove Tuesday some people
call it something else I think it's in
February let me know I'm gonna try and
find out anyway it's upstairs because I
love kind of Tuesday so much it's like
the best it's probably my favorite
holiday of like this time of year maybe
even more than Easter because I'm gonna
like chocolate that much so why would I
even really I like Easter the holiday
the lake for other reasons but you know
I heard a rumor I'm better walkies
did you we could go into walkies
it is the right time for walkies to go
for a walk ease I just don't know if
there's anyone here that wants to go for
a walk ease do you wanna go for a walk
ease do you wanna go for a walk ease
nope gotta put your clothes on Sina
can't be showing the boys your boobs
they're excited to be here No poorni
nice is that tough I think it's like at
the end you know you're getting yeah
yeah you getting over to pregnancy yeah
I think it was the Galway saying I think
anything that everything's over over
exactly
who better speak correctly
good Tina what's your dick I'll be
that's the call
it's like they changed Xena Xena what
you have to coin you wanted to walk
let's go have your walk
I mean that you're gonna have a chat
about your future but your behavior
recently I just put all the washing
outside but look at that dirty clown
over there
I better not come and spoil our fun am I
like the most amazing husband ever all
the chores I've been doing of lately you
know I'm so supportive I know it's just
a part of money twelve people more my
hand fits under your coat
come on guys
I never noticed those railings there
come on guys
get it out of your system get the
barking ash debark do you park a
vacation listen we call this I've got a
blind blinded by the Sun blinded by the
light any cravings for a No
just like oranges every morning that's
normal
would you know what we have to do what
guys we were talking with this a while
ago of any you actually had children did
you do any of the tests you know the
gender tests like yeah there was like
was it a ring over your stomach I did
trying to use gender test no yeah I came
back boy but we've heard from another
source friend of ours he just had a baby
said she did it and got a boy and then
she had a girl yeah those people do the
ring thing and have or the baking soda
pee in a cup of baking soda
if you know we're talking we're thinking
we're gonna do them right and then we'll
find out what all the results are and
then in nine months or in like and in
like two months we'll find out what the
sex is and then we'll see if any of
those things actually work yeah this is
my technique for extra barrage to
completely remove them so they sleep for
most of the day yeah I just want to go
up here because if she doesn't get messy
but I run around with him guys what's
his fourth row Graham Cena needs that I
just needed so much like he's kind of
happy he doesn't bark that much no but
she if she doesn't get her date one day
runs
mendl's my pants are falling down
my pants are we coming I've got some
serious panting solids damaged so as
soon as I'm eating for pretty basically
now what I mean for you and the baby
he said Street yeah me me you and the
baby
Xena what he's definitely amazing mmm
looks amazing amazeballs oh the light
looks really good here she can't go
fossa but I got as a celebration pizza
because we told you guys tonight's and
then it's kind of like telling everybody
it kind of felt like because that was
like you actually see an end to like an
hour and a half almost a thousand likes
in a video and I was like what up
that's my awesome community but I was
like it does kind of feel like it's
we're celebrating so I was like why
can't we be all celebrate because I
knows all like Oh cook the fish and I
was like the fish back in fridge
lady let's get our party let's get our
party faces on um no one said anything
about your party face okay nobody said
any but you're having a party for giant
snake peak of my party oh my god oh my
god dude it but I hope you have a good
time did you have ready talent in it
what what what do you want why do you
love me right now am I your best friend
all I need the mouse for the thingy we
need to get a second Maris because I I
have the Madison the laptop like when
I'm editing itself I need to use a mouse
on the laptop here but then because we
use the TV downstairs
I need to use the mouse on the TV as
well what always seems to happen is that
the badges I don't want to play some
theater it's never a place that I
actually need it at the time of meeting
it so just take the mousie plug it in
now we can control the television it's
amazing technology is it good oh yeah oh
yeah hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
ah
