good morning friends
so Alessia slept in this bed last night
so she did not have a joke joke who
cheered every cider ah sisters are doing
it summer dresses for themselves are you
dinner for yourself what do you soon
what are you doing sisters do you want
to let you sleep in your bed yeah we're
going to be so cute but unless you had a
big-girl bed because is that huh water
sage a nice know me very well be a cutie
whether you think Eduardo here mommy and
daddy is daddy like squished in this
little corner here yeah oh oh oh daddy
goes ed here does he oh no way oh my god
is matching ballerinas
hello there welcome to GJ hey it does
really did you see it last year I didn't
see what they bought yet those working
on I don't even know you did that
they're so cute just had to go on that's
my money my ears are maybe like it I
already have do now maybe I've already
got I can get to do like an advert in to
bring up ah
so tasty then you have to show the label
the camera and go every on and then is
it no no you me all you rule this yes
yes I could mean your first brand deal
right there wait I want to show you how
I and I'm a baby
Oh what we got here you look really
pretty alright show us how to be a
babysitter so we said oh oh I always
forget to do that and then I have like
yesterday when I was editing the effort
as vlogs and I was driving to the
airport or train station America like
without my hoodie
we're like baby vomit all over my
shoulder I never noticed till I was
editing it was like oh boy yeah well you
you make the milk excuse and people
don't see the guy and think like oh
that's why we just baby talk they're
just like guys do not watch this close
all right guys welcome to my video today
and babysitting Shh full slice cable
unwanted hair they are going to go
tomorrow I don't think you're very nice
one-zero and I together else yeah
if you ideas you got any tips and tricks
for the boys and girls at home yes and
this shaft has got a little flour and
some buttons but the a stop button
jello that's called velcro yeah
sometimes she kept technology is she
yeah one of the kids are a bit naughty
what do you do with naughty kids I don't
get in my college rally to them cool
shower
I'm so she is in her grade a 350-mile I
think I might put up one next ice block
Oh laughs ya-hey
oh yes a naughty one don't worry you're
gonna get a big girl room something okay
you have your own room hmm you can have
all your own things in this but media
may not let you have your own things
just let you know she was here first
Robin I could wired oh he'll let you
know with any girl wanna me ask Allah
Thank You story
we'll get your swords Nora that's the
baby got to do with it okay so we are
going to get our nails done
she's coming whistle clear I thought
come on guy yo me right you sit in your
no wait wait eduarda wait cuz I should
take that seat out no not that one
alright come on guys were late come on
quantico get away oh that is like high
an e-card
right come on they've already made
friends of stinky you know donkey right
I know they're beautiful
yeah like those ones yeah no thank you
yeah we're doing this maybe a skin and
nails done you excited yeah
you're going to take a test on one the
breeze is gone really quiet it's really
showing the tattoos yeah and as far as
what other that side is it'll clean in
the book you know what colors you're
going to get me yeah going to show what
colors you getting oh wow
everybody good thing you're not in
school
oh oh you clean with the doggies okay I
want it
her name Missy Missy
who is it lifting my kitty cat do you
remember we want from this bitch we want
to make be it was one day one rule and
try to idle can you solve the Rubik's
Cube well he solved the Rubik's Cube
careful each color to one side hmm okay
how now what do I do
hey Gigi
I haven't solved this it's too difficult
I think can you do it Wow
almost hmm is finding is there he flux
inside that excess Alessi huh my little
Bambino you wanna make up mommy and me
unless here aren't here just us
unfortunately it's just you and me
remember to turn it off first
good morning again my little friend
least friend you know I've actually
recorded a full song for that my little
friend Lee's friends we have a wholesome
record and everything but it's such a
special song that I don't want to just
like put up like any old music video
under would you want to do it a very
particular style so it's going to take a
long time to get it together but just
know there's no official good morning
again my Nana Friendly's friend song
coming soon do it friendliest friend
channel near you
so do you want me to put on my little
harness think I own all the green which
will help my little harnessing on and I
see anything like hang out or daddy is
going to mess in here is what happens in
productions in the swings the swings of
things against me so I'm trying to
explain to Alessia that my babies don't
make the mochi mousse she's not very
impressed but the fact that these
boobies don't work and she's just like
your what's up dad
what's up that where's your smoke that I
don't know okay turn I mean I just think
this thing's wait yes sir is there
anything a man's body does that a
woman's body does not don't go get out
of the gutter
get out of there now that you're out of
the gutter
it's anything because women's bodies
produce milk but sustain her am i
useless or made useless
what do we do this yeah I'm establishing
that I have no actual worth in your life
okay
I Drive a Honda drives I work banana
works
I cook banana cooks thank just literally
nothing Wow
are women better than men maybe maybe
men can breastfeed we just didn't know
was just to know all this time we're
know oh I don't even know my children's
names I real class let me see
all right they look lovely
Edward was getting his done now okay
there's the part of getting his nails
done
Eduardo you excited yeah you look so
cute mm-hmm you're going to get a tattoo
as well like daddy
what can I own a pink
yes mania yes What's Up now all the
different colors of the light the light
the light there is no maybe I'm gonna
have to done and I'd worry about his
nails done three two hold on Jeff that's
a great honor they are so excited
Eduardo was a really good boy weren't
you yeah how come you can be so good
like that sometimes and then sometimes
you can be really naughty
why can't you be good like that all the
time for mommy huh sorry or something
okay you always want something when
Armenia has it wow this is nice better
turn this off because you are safely
here my friends now one of these has
milk in it and this one here yes this is
exactly what we need
you know I believe this one here an Oreo
ice cream and I interest you in an Oreo
ice cream Olivia probably not
mr. Lukey nice nice yeah that's a dog
food is ice cream the Orioles meaning in
your new meaning me oh oh oh under the
pier aha 25th all right I should as I
lie in there so this one looks for radio
you have two of the molestia one from
each boob huh they said daddy couldn't
have the milky moon someone else's me
okay right
it's like deliver ooh hey amazing
business idea friends
delivery for breast milk okay so you
have like you hire lots of people who
are lactating okay and they got like yes
Hey ladies listen up do you want to earn
$200 an hour from the comfort of your
own home you know look at now you can
presenting boo boo boo boo boo boo bond
poops a wheel proves on wheels
we need to do is when you have a spare
moment get the pump pump
get your vowels that a delivery man a
motorbike man comes by like uh hi I got
an order for five melody Talas of milk
150 US ounces Miller 150 milliliters
milk and then you on the app you press
the green button when you're available
when your milk supply is is on a level
amazing it's all coming together
I don't know any way anyone will
actually use the service that's an
amazing like $200 an hour it'll boo
they'd be driving maybe try and then
like in the video we have this like boot
driving thank you for inspiring this
right why was getting his tattoo done
now Boyd will show everybody what tattoo
you went for Wow
fairy tattoo design it's actually really
cool how you do it yeah I didn't know
this whole thing last time yeah how does
not communicate oh yeah we lost a bit of
Pluto it's alright it worked it was just
a little bit from immediate phone number
yes it's fine now you can have it
mmm-hmm Wow
always Marge oh that looks so cool half
the asian let's round it really girly
what do you say it right oh good boy
well I think that looks really nice they
lasted a really long time last time
overloaded right that was a very
successful afternoon Eduardo in a media
love their tattoos don't you we're
heading home now poor Jonathan's alone
with her last year it was only about
half I see
come on no because you really need to go
back to Daddy
oh okay
come on guys we also parked a million
miles away
happy
shut up
put them up
come on
