previously antic immediately
Oh
in two hopefully fingers crossed how
they be nobody put down okay this is
just a mangy situation okay but what's
that right now oh my god that's the one
that's the one
if our children watch this
21st birthday oh good luck see you in
three minutes after we talk that like
pregnancy test like we had no clue like
it was so funny you know but wasn't
excited my name is like I'm glad I'm
actually pregnant I was just like Ryan
for real like I was like cuz we just
bought I think I'm like okay we'll just
go ahead and we'll buy it for fun you
know which is like get this thing and
just for fun that's what I like it was
just a came out of nowhere because we're
gonna box me like come on like cuz that
and then fine I was like I'm actually
playing rodent within a second I was
like oh my I watch the deficit like
everything is change right there and it
was like oh my god that's why it's we
like everything changes I was like I
really want to like I really want to
document this moment like I bought a
doctorate pose of my wedding on it stuff
you know but I knew that like I can't
just come at a groom you know it's kind
of hard because of the way we're trying
to diary eyes what does the word I don't
know your life but you can't just go
ahead and just like say like our page
does because it could be loads of
complications and then you don't have to
turn on enough for NSA kick you don't
you know it's like girlies you don't
have to go around and say like oh and
then plus like imagining my entire
extended family finding out from like
cuz on Twitter or Facebook until my and
she's not writing on we just not expect
it I was like oh my god are we gonna do
like you know like why are you I you
know and then so since then open time
now you know we've been just trying to
like and it's so hard not to share you
guys cuz I share everything with you
guys no wonder like I want to document
it you know I want it to be known like
you know so like when little little blue
brain is it is allowed to point out
tomorrow so when you're watching this
little big right now but when green
olive grows up like it was a watch back
in being like oh my god like a girl my
parents are doing that a year before it
had me this is when I was made and what
happened and how it all happened you
know what it's so exciting
it's like come on already you just pop
out you know what's the delay what's the
what's the creation process for huh come
on in in in in in in
and I'm whole time as well I've all the
comments that we're reading like and
people are getting angry and stuff and I
know it's just like Akamai like just
just shhh
realize look we told you the sprays and
the rub-ons and all the hints and every
time something just like wait okay you
know just you know cuz I'm so excited to
tell you guys like just so life-changing
experience and it's so exciting and oh
my god gonna get parent only about a
week or two after wedding actually
coming up to the wedding we were talking
about like you know it'd be cool to have
like a kid himself and then we got
married then was I wanna win hell not
you know you're married like why not
went out Chicana Dale okay
go out with you now yeah yeah babies why
not and then you know and it was like
kind of you know you kind of like try
for beer we didn't talk that long you
know but then coming up to II just gotta
like you know remove your contract
accept it and all that kind of stuff you
know and move on to like you know take
your body and reverting back to age
normally beaten to be in a habitable
position you know and then it was like
December you know we're like oh and then
I was trying you know when we did the
test you know we were taking like you
know what we weren't thinking anything
more actually just like trying something
a fiver like we just buy the cheaper one
with whatever you know and it was like
we went to the doctor's and afterwards
what we actually went back and bought
like em their 20 or one the really
expensive clear blue and afterwards
because we're like well like this one
says we are like let's let's go and like
let's invest the funds in an expensive
test you know and then it was like oh PS
you're like five weeks pranks
it was like five weeks you telling me
for the last five weeks while we were
like we're never gonna have a baby
we were actually pregnant what the hell
what the frack she got like an app on
your phone it says that morning like
beanie
PS you're pregnant oh thanks and then
fine and were five weeks like and now
we're like eight weeks it's like holy
crap like eight weeks is two months two
months preggers oh my goodness oh my
good god miss remember going in for that
first day that first doctor's
appointment and then her mom you know
went into the doctor's office and I was
left on my own the entire time like all
our members member and I like I was all
like yeah whenever we're happened to
baby like not yeah whatever I was like
you didn't do this is so Coomer
mañana was talking about teachers
reading something on the bump or
something and then it was like yeah and
I couldn't feel that baby's heartbeat
and I was like oh right
pretty witty I didn't mean was my baby's
heartbeat I was I got oh my god and I
was terrified the entire time I was
sitting in a waiting room because you
don't need a waiting room and you don't
really know what's going on so you kind
of editor loop you're sitting there and
you just got like terrified of what's
going on all I kept thinking was like
all these horrible thoughts it's like oh
my god like what if something goes wrong
like oh my god oh my god likes me so
horrible like you know and you know and
then Hannah and her mom I could see them
- the glasses walked out so I came in
and the doctor was talking about
something you know but like that's their
like their doctor has been with them
like since they moved to Ireland so he
was Richard a whole process of her dad
and then he knows her mom and he knows
Anna and Eric and Emma you know it's a
bob standing on like oh my god my
imagination was like kind of creeped
what helped me thinking like what if
this happens what if that happens
whatever where am I going what am I
going alright tío destructor oh nice
and yeah and I was like ah oh my god oh
my god it came out I was like you know I
was like oh cool what happened he's like
what's it be a cup like that it you're
like oh yeah you're pregnant like they
did a medical pregnancy testing I was
like oh my god doctor was actually
saying he's like oh my god you're like
one of you is like incredibly fertile
like either both of us are or an is or I
am or somewhere not because he was like
normally like when she stopped like
taking the pill or something it takes
like three four months for it to leave
your system so you're able to like so
actually we only got like one month and
then boom straight away so I was I go
yeah I'm a real man
oh my god this is going to be an
emotional nine months guys I hope you
got your seat belts on and your tray
tables folding away because we are in
for one hell of an adventure we can
depend on each other we can look to each
other for help and encouragement and to
z of them and during those emotional
times right I'm not gonna even know what
the hell is going on you know you guys
are gonna be there this is gonna be it's
gonna be crazy right are you ready
salsa phonetic and actually taking them
subs yesterday so can you see if I can
get anything for morning sickness from
the chemists damn cuz I don't know I
just if I press down stuff it so he
could take my multivitamins instead I
call this stuff I don't know I won't see
Carolus support this is next to change
your complete form huh
she got this one
I'll go out as well just in case I'm
hiding something rictus pharmacist boots
really nice she was actually pregnant
and she came at us by the wire she was
like I'll talk to him like you know
she's telling me all about it like they
see like can take them slips like you
can take up the four tests in mg a day
like which is like one pass and Perko so
shall I just try and take like as little
as possible I suppose of anything you
know I love ginger so I'm gonna try and
buy some raw ginger like I'm applying it
into something into tonight's dinner you
know although I said like you just have
to talk to it so let's simply get the
ginger so the due date is actually 5th
of September which sighting is that like
almost one exact year after we got
married we have a baby actually like not
just like get pregnant actually like
make a baby
hello of its areum actually came out in
the 1st of September
although that's the birthday of my yeah
my niece nephew Austin
so Austin when we are behind in have
your wedding anniversary the same time
as your child
Bertram next then you'd only have to
remember one day here but I yeah
exciting stuff let me just put my ginger
everything ginger biscuits Ginger Rogers
ginger flakes ginger yogurts ginger milk
ginger get rich injure everything I
bought so much ginger ain't I had to
work ginger in it I just bought it
it's gotta work and back
okay you guys behaving you guys looking
after mommy hmm
why are you please mommy locked away Oh
see how mommies
mommy's fast asleep let's go out let's
just meet mommy asleep sleep so what did
she wakes up with no idea telling little
bit of it okay
so I think em I think part of Ossus as
well as I you know although I might be
able to do any anything in terms of the
baby and stuff for this we're like the
husband's time or maybe it's not your
husband but the man's time to step up
and you know do everything else
well she creates the child back to
everything all right let's get some
luncheon ago
spaghetti Betty sure spaghetti Betty is
making spaghetti and toast and you put
it in the same bowl I think I've told
you about spaghetti Betty literally
masam fresh fruit ginger ginger nuts
hmm this is actually the kind of thing
that I would take a picture of and tweak
but because we're not talking about it
till tomorrow I can't actually read the
picture but I'm this is what I was going
to tweet the yogurt the ground stuff the
ginger nuts to change back the pregnancy
ginger back but enjoyed the Tendai
tweeted that picture cool for Oh sleepy
sleepy bong hair I just woke up so I
said which might as well include right
the video up this is what I look like
when I weigh home how very
wow wow marriage is so amazing thank you
so wonderful it never gets boring
he does you b'lieve on that get away
from me oh gosh Tim I like this hey Dan
ah Peter did you so look that's sort of
like saying whoa it's faded a lot more
husband or in the beginning it was like
I peed on it and it was like oh wait
three minutes and then like two seconds
later the positive stripe went I know I
was sitting right here you jumped that
in a toilet and I said lot I tell you
already joking no I really thought is
there me and then I took another one
which told me how far along it was and
it was like five plus weeks I was like
why why and even trimmer right December
January we were like freaking out gone
like oh yeah that's the part we didn't
tell you guys
mmm because now everybody was like
through all these conspiracy theories
going around and like it's cuz we don't
sometimes we don't tell you but
everything like we might keep some
things private so after we got married
that was when we decided that we were
gonna have kids and um I stopped taking
birth control I stopped taking the pill
the month after we got married so in
October but I when I made my New Year's
resolutions video that was obviously in
January so I had actually been off and
it's always before leaving me like
advice on you know coming off birth
control is like yes if you're not birth
control for like - what is it - two
months three sounding yeah and then um
it happened actually after what two or
three months and when I told the doctor
he was like one your very for that means
you're very fertile because most people
it takes them like six months to a year
because he was like how long have you
been on birth control and I said four
years and he was like wow that means
you're really fertile cuz you got
pregnant like freak well I didn't think
that was probably I didn't
the time we thought we were like slow I
know oh my god everyone's having babies
like I said for me it would be the last
people on the planet our babies Sunday
that's why a lot of people were confused
because they thought that we had just
decided in January but we actually
decided in something yeah yeah newsy
let's have a baby
January 22nd announcing we're having if
you like wow you got how to make a baby
there should be a video but that was the
first pregnancy test I've ever taken
about yeah like I want no idea because
that's what we bought the test or you're
like look we'll buy a cheaper now he's
probably gonna end up buying loads of
them every month like we're just gonna
be like trying these things and then I
was the doctor week later and he took
another pregnancy test he was like yes
you're definitely pregnant and then he
went today and gave my due date my due
date is well my estimated due date
because it's always it's never even
talked about all of this my friends know
all is you're late to the party
generated to the party link to the party
environment we have Anniversary baby
oh because we're gonna go to sorrento
for the 1st of September but 10 of
course you had to go huh oh no we knew
we were gonna get by you this year
well we hoped we can it knew them yeah
bottles are like oh crap cuz I have to
start eating like your whatever of
course yeah I got a jar yet lived in
less than as company and we start
thinking like hold us in a water in the
last 4 years
we're in Middleton and um like this was
all happening in like the other house
like that's how long ago was I remember
going to the gym and like thinking there
were so many times when I thought I was
pregnant and I was at all and like you
have like this you know pregnant not
pregnancy brain not something else but
when you just keep thinking that you're
pregnant
yeah but it's actually not plus you know
I had not had like a proper real as the
doctor says period since because when
you're on birth control it's all like
different and it's all very controlled
and everything and so I hadn't had like
a real period so you're having all these
period like PMS symptoms and then you're
like I'm pregnant but it's actually not
it's just your period
oh I fell asleep there wait honey where
I'm sorry I love you on your period
matter they're the best ones okay bye no
more though
periods next time at the baby uh-huh
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
aa
