where is my beautiful and fabulous wife
hello is that how you feel today hello
hello I love it I love it you're so
fashionable oh the guy the smoker a
smoker Joker you don't smoke that's
right in someone's garden each other
smokers and stalkers the clothes mix
just spend the day in bed Nene's worry
about anything oh yeah don't worry about
it
oh I'm gonna impose I love this one I
know I want to ride that one yeah but if
you feel sick like don't bother like cuz
we do we care Albie hasn't made shorts
today because there's no Kinkos for
Chagas though the new crows Bernina new
pose for Nina Schwartz for Jabba's I had
opened a summer the summer collection my
2011 summer collection
I gave didn't you join 11 I'm something
when you go get some Oh is there a
penicillin in it something yeah you know
this theater scene is this theater their
minds inna yeah mine
why please
they're asking shoes osmosis shoes so
you guys got excited for tomorrow it's
just a day away I'm pretty excited for
tomorrow actually did a little bit of
work in a video now and well well yeah
tune in tomorrow oh look at this look
it's sitting here do not open until
February 13 2011 or 2012 I'm just
leaving it there so you guys can see
that it's there every day he should
think that I have open it I have not
open it have I opened it all B might eat
your desk
let's eat my desk mm-hmm so cute
who's accused ugly northern end toys
mm-hmm what do I pull up part my general
so apart from well whatever team wrap of
available at this particular juncture a
real life and actually is but I have
soup tasty soup okay tomato soup I can I
feed tomato soup with toasted rye bread
and a cup of tea which one no no I had
one last night then right after I felt
like I had a sore throat I understand
that so I felt make make you a bigger
baby yeah yeah that's nice there top
right as well you read right to left
like right down okay so soup and rye
bread I know deep are you sure you want
to speak anybody so you did bite what no
no I'll go there shocked knees together
Betty the ponies - I see
it's not that by feet oh it's like pasta
in my tomato sauce it says part of your
fight of the day and it has a little
green stamp on it and it says it's full
of fiber and vegetables I'm not making
it up that's why I eat it because I know
that it's good for you
Oh do I have my seat is it yours
well you can have it I don't want to get
have one but I bought two yesterday no
no but I'll go to the shop if you want
something else just you're not having
tuna yeah
BG what I'd like loads of human busy I
had it once
yeah once too many okay that's it once a
week you can have tuna why are we going
to get 200 this time in today yeah why I
can make this eat well if they heat up
does it I'm going to make you a fresh
and huh how many times do I do three
four do two slices I'm a nice bowl of
soup
yes common a lot and I guess mmm love
you what Elena's was Vicky gotta step in
I gotta bring Matt my stuff for my soup
cuz I already handsome today okie dokie
let's get there
let's get the low key froakie ah get the
soup pea soup on the go
the second time today I've made the CDC
the first time I've loved it okay ah ha
ha now get the CDC pond to go so
I was on the phone to my sister who
lives in Australia for about like 40
minutes and I was like okay that's gonna
that's gonna sting that's one hell of a
phone bill there and yeah and then I
gotta make a couple of more phone calls
later on today to make sure in
preparation and then we're all good to
go we're all good to go
good good good good good Julian all
those enemies you know those editing and
production so you guys okay want to guys
go peepees
ma'am what's what's this little path of
destruction here this is gonna path to
destruction let's play zombies last
night in my bro for ages I'm like that
in ages because it's like modern warfare
3 has this like and co-op mode which is
like cool but then we were playing now
it's like so bored and I was like come
on I guess let's go old school let's
take it back let's take it back to when
it was just me and him and a couple of
old guns and win an asylum and there is
armies and that's what we did and we had
fun yeah it's so much fun sometimes you
do that like it's the older you can see
older simpler like games and stuff that
are way more fun than the new
complicated let feel about modern
warfare do like just like you know
what's going on I don't and it's like
boring but then I can be playing it
something so simple as the zombie
moaning and on the world at war or a
black ops depends on what area you want
to play it just say it so simple it's a
simple and pimple soup sink pea soup
she has also Sikhism I could drop you
guys it's not nice that's big enough to
nameless come on let's get mommy let's
bring this up to mommy
Oh careful little ones it's not real
it's for the most beautiful girl in all
the land
Oh God oh my god Red Alert red alert
okay it's just very heavy Oh
liquids hot liquid hot tomato hot tamale
Hollywood every side doing a little
friends oh yeah I love you you love her
so Ines mommy came to make her banner
but look we found a use for the bulbs Oh
cuz I don't mama stylist balls were
broken so I got I actually did buy the
right bulbs in around the back kind of
way
she also came and eat all my Hobnobs you
did or who ate them was it you
well someone at my hot props because
that was there was way more than four
would have to do a full inquiry ginger
ginger good for setting your tongue amen
but hold on I got a head white benefit
from that well I don't understand how I
benefit from the ginger yogurt what
that are going to need the thing yeah
how's it going you always do you come
down just sitting there scratching out
you know gonna need another bar that's a
little game she brings up the stairs and
drops it down yeah yeah I know you got
that for free
we're all matching she got this for free
did you get that for free oh that's cool
target I got her free sale we just
quitted big stuff bro were like cardigan
type thingies today it's kind of a car
deed a tinted moisturizer what you need
moisturizer is not fair I thought I was
conceived by God so Alvey was on the bed
upstairs and it was just really weird
and he just had it via his back to us
and we were just talking and then I just
started wagging for no reason and you
know nobody had his back to us when you
didn't know you're looking when you
stopped talking' me tell you gonna go
over there yeah no I think I was me
actually anyways because the sound of my
voice suited your soul so I was feeling
really bad all day I have a sore throat
and it just I felt it come on last night
and I was like when I woke up this
morning in it I couldn't even swallow
like it was so horrible so where's the
curtain where
I did not feel like cooking and because
my husband is such a wonderful cook not
we ordered Chinese I know it's bad but
it's Saturday isn't it sorry
yeah so and Saturdays and folks look at
our new plan so what we shall we shall
we it is yeah I know so javis got
chicken curry and because that's what
all these people do and I got can you
again I always think the same thing
almost the same thing yes thank you too
Polly tell me yum yum is that my life
one no can you put in half yeah that's
why I asked you here my one no problem
okay just let me do mine so do you want
Saturday there I was trying to help
Garrett but why do you think I asked you
that hold on I was in the middle and
then we all fell fast asleep because the
Chinese food was so filling in or
tum-tums that we forgot to turn the
bucket is back on but um don't forget to
tune in tomorrow for the super exciting
special most awesomest video ever
how excited are you I am so excited to
change with you in fact should I just go
ahead and tell you guys right now okay
okay here's the thing work hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Sakuni Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
