oh my goodness the power battery back
today
well 9:57 so it's gonna run between nine
and one they're gonna call and they're
making them the engineer is gonna be
there to fix it all up and stuff like
that but it's like we're in a half and
right I barely slept it's like I had
these dogs and then you know in someone
else's house and you have dogs and like
when they move around upstairs oh my I
like of obvious seeing like the ribbon
oh you know because they don't know why
people are moving around upstairs in
their house they don't get it you know
and then like you know and then the kids
go to school and then I read it again so
I got I got broken sleep you know and
then when there was a home and last
night because we're here we got the two
single beds instead of like a big double
bed so we're like Anna's off in her
little bed not in my little bed but then
I talk sometimes tend to come to me so
to know more and divided me you know and
I'm always considerate of them you know
so I'll kind of like try and sleep
around them instead of like instead of
like trying to like just like you know
whatever get him away I'm always like
I'm so I'm like on the corner to bed
like bunched up in a corner in a certain
way and I know cuz I'll be here like
seen this here and I don't wanna upset
them you know so I'll sleep like weirdly
but then all I'm gonna get half Steven
then I woke up and then went wrong
yesterday and last night same again like
and this is like I'm getting more and
more zombified as it's getting like more
and more days going on from less and
less sleep and just like I just need my
own bed go home to go hit sleep in it so
like they didn't fix it today they'll be
the whole weekend would you suck because
Sunday what and where I'm gonna stay
anything on Facebook or Twitter and lie
down on Sunday okay Monday
6 p.m. GMT sharing the Sicari jollies in
fact tune in every single day to the
cony jollies and don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to press like and
follow us on Twitter and follow us on
Facebook you know Facebook I don't know
but if you don't I do all of that Monday
it's gonna be it's gonna be awesome guys
and it's gonna it's gonna explain lows
the things that's been going on recently
you know which I've been doing because I
wanted to build up spending some of the
a long I don't want to say enough but a
long make a lot of sense and it's gonna
be you know me I can't just say like hey
guys
blah I have to go like you know that
kind of got I'm a screw from the
rooftops kinda guy you know what stroke
creative so I like to have a creative
thing to it as well
alright I'm gonna make some coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
coffee coffee a cup of coffee just got a
call from the engineer that the house is
making a lab and powers alive we're
gonna have power nothing makes you
appreciate having in power and having no
power nice
anything you want
pull your foot stuck on nippers how are
you
everyone who sees can be packed up no
place to go hey monkey we're just gonna
go Yahweh for extra points even named
that song
oh I'm the artist that's sung it oh it's
a tricky one folks
but I freaking love them all that stuff
not pleased to go here monkey yo I think
I did a good job good job and it doesn't
believe I can clean up after myself mint
I'm looking up after themselves let's
just hope we don't wanna and we don't
you'll do it afterwards do we can do it
downside is we have to try everything in
the fridge and now shrink right the wine
in the beer Jim that's okay
is that Daddy has everything kind of
went off see ever enough to say oh yeah
yeah all the vegetables you read are bad
like yeah
she's open bye-bye mushrooms in there
good that's nice and open
peppers I think he's probably right the
garlic bread Oh God
oh no when there's a garden growing in
your fridge you know that's not a good
thing we're going on the bench the
apples oh yeah
did you just break that stuff in oh
goodness I think we had created some
sort of an ecosystem in there oh I don't
know does that happen to you boy I've
never thought was a glove on before I
was just thinking how you'd be glad
without weird you look like some sort of
people villain
you do so we're going to Cafe Paradiso
which is the vegetarian restaurant that
we are at that one time where I made a
big scene oh my god I couldn't figure
out the toilets haha remember it good
enough in the door yeah I have to show
Jonathan her to use the toilet because
he forgot but um no he didn't know where
the key was like I don't know where the
toilets are then we told him and then we
were like to just go in and the door I
didn't open like the first time so he
just gave all anyways yes we're going
there for lunch we're actually a little
bit late but my sister is in college
until like a certain time and then she
has like a huge gap so that's why I'm
worried
faded us and I'm
yeah I thought it'd be a nice Friday
oh it's fine I took a girl to get out of
this place this is the little stairs
over here
no wait is it wait it always seems like
every time I come here I'm like that
just seems like one of those alarmed
emergency exits no it's okay that's
straight ahead I think I may not get the
last time I swear why don't I don't know
I'm afraid like yeah like a week at Tony
with Sperry broccoli oh yeah Macario
cauliflower
squash turnip Dominic that's my honey
great Chris
- curry squashes my sister like Halle
Berry
this one's called bad way
pumpkin crap camera is red onions goats
cheese cream mashed potato fennel
because I ordered something new what oh
yeah look at that potato my heart makes
it all better
this looks really good that's what I got
last time which is also yo Missy D would
you get pasta
when is that like vegetarian potato hey
babe it's very impressive
what's that milk
that's why I always have clutter go to
you excited I'm excited myself maybe
just half of my obese problem as it
recently can have as reading the
contents yesterday and based on my
height and weight I'm actually obese to
diet
yeah but there it's the ingredients it's
not the one that I got
it's just tree vanilla and then you and
it makes no no the same as like if I got
the fudge brownie but if I got a fudge
brownie and like Walker Mama's something
out like you just sitting there like a
beached whale I I am okay you know you
just can't even move like way ten no
this is really really good
yum-yum Tyrone send us
Oh kill kill some Oregon we gonna kill
I've never walked to the pillbox before
I know this is like a new experience
little big signage sign huge now
hopefully you guys didn't send me a
billions boxes of Awesomeness and then I
have to carry them out home although
what the pretenders hopefully it's like
a smaller box small box would be nice a
large box would be kind of inconvenient
this particular juncture in my life that
you never noticed anything you know any
drive-by all the time you never noticed
anything here we go I think because I
sneak in yeah
so that was just making my Joey Kenny he
sent loads of stuff because I had to
walk there and I didn't drive there look
what was waiting for me to carry all of
this stuff back to the car
oh my goodness we made a dough go back
here but I was like oh why the hell you
just kept handing me stuff and I was
like oh no okay I guess my joke is
backfired actually do have to carry all
this stuff like what are you guys doing
huh funny guys look what Mikhail said to
us I know he was missing on holidays why
Allah get me in Hawaii University of
Hawaii look at this some crazy coffee
konna dark French Roast I think this is
all from that Hawaii innings like
Hawaiian coffee look 100% Hawaiian it's
so awesome
precious Teddy what is that a phone
that's for your phone and look a nail
file looks like a glass and look oh my
god it's like nail art NART yeah what's
that how does that work you can't dance
oh there's stickers that's amazing and
of course that pocket already
I love them good Hawaii its Oakland
University oh I also got a present
thank you my cow me hell I also got sent
a present right
but it's the funny thing I've heard the
present I am NOT allowed to open this
until my birthday it says on it do not
open where did you actually see that
what where is it safe yeah look
do you not open unto the turkey to
February I'm like oh my goodness how am
I supposed to sit here now I know
nothing little monkey doodles
better late than never
Christmas guys the Christmas coming from
Georgia Georgia oh geez
how am I supposed to wait but she never
is into notes oh no I know Heather hey
what is this what is this
Bulgarian face oh it's squishy anyway
squishy and mushy you guys can see that
you guys can see that on Monday no no
it's good Laurie Laurie yeah I know we
without I got I got hundreds of stuff
like fires oh we got an entire shop work
on stuff from L'Oreal what with the
knife or with the big box
boom alright where is the keen if I can
F up
yeah so I don't think I said this to you
guys before I know I'm sorry I have my
coat on still I was too excited but um I
got recently was contacted actually not
so recent
it was like back in November October I
think I was contacted by this company
called love clothing calm and they are
basically like a website that have like
lots of different clothing brands and
stuff like that on there and kind of
like just a what you call I can't
remember the name for it but it's just
like it's like one place where you can
go and get like a variety of different
things and different brands but it's
close and so now I have this like
monthly kind of like almost like
subscription with them where they send
me products or they send me clothes to
share with you guys in to like show on
my blog and my my videos and everything
and I know I'm probably gonna get a lot
of like negative comments about this
because it's like I'm getting things for
free and that always on YouTube is like
people just hate that but having said
that you guys know that I don't spend
like a whole lot of money on clothes
like I get like a certain amount of
clothes probably a year like I just
don't I don't like half the money to
spend on like clothes or even like
beauty products like that like I buy
like what I need and then I just gonna
stick to that and I always try and like
make the most of what I have in my
closet already like this coat for
example I've had four I think like four
or five maybe five years now
you know these boots I've had for about
six or seven years so you know like I
really I really take care of the things
that I have and I don't like impulse
shop or anything like that so I was so
excited when they contacted me and they
asked me to like to work with them and
it's really great because it means that
I can do more you know like a fashion
videos fashion outfit of the day posts
like on my blog and I don't have to
worry about just recycling the same
items all the time because sometimes it
does get really and you guys have even
said you're like oh your style is boring
and it's sometimes because you know well
I know my style is really like classic
and it's not like really out there or
anything but it's always being like that
that's not
gonna change but I'm saying that like
sometimes it's difficult to show you
guys different looks because I just
don't have access to the clothes that I
thought I need you know I don't have a
huge wardrobe I do have a lot I'm
thankful for that but you know like a
lot of things you've seen already so I'm
just so happy that I will get the chance
to share those different looks with you
guys to do different fashion videos
because I know you love them and you
know I just have this great opportunity
to share things with you so I wanted to
give you a sneak preview of some of the
things that I got okay so this is
Chinese Laundry which a lot of you
probably know is a shoe brand and I got
these boots which are so cute oh my god
so amazing especially for Cena it's okay
just kind of right especially for like
when it's really cold out then I got
this cardigan which is by some selected
selected fun love it you can't even
really see part I'll show these all
properly at my channel don't worry but
it's got the little like duffle coat
button thingy and it's gray it's just
like a cardigan and then I got this
shawl from Vela it's like just one of
those kind of Aztec print shawls you can
wear it like a lot of different ways I
got this waistcoat with like the
sheepskin it's brown faux leather I
think and it's got like sheep oh my god
it's so cozy on the inside I wanted one
of them for ages one of the things that
got her gray but you guys know I love
great this is another cardigan by
selected fun that's what that looks like
it's got a lot of zippers on it really
cozy and then I got these which I think
are leggings or jeggings I actually
can't even remember I think that's what
they are they're kind of a gray knit
like a flannel like a warm so those are
the things I got I think I think I
mentioned everything don't notice I'll
be marked under the table great Oh
anyways but I just wanted to show that
to you guys in like
that little disclaimer because I I know
sometimes people are like really angry
but you know getting stuff for free and
everything but I really try my best to
like share everything and be I've always
you know being as honest as I can
possibly be like I've always just been
totally honest about everything and if I
get something for free you guys know
about it and if I don't like something
you guys know about it if I do like
something you guys know about it but
it'll never be like dishonest so I just
wanted to put that out there and then I
I got all this stuff from L'Oreal but I
never got like an email to tell me that
this was coming so it's like wait I got
like so much hair stuff it's almost like
I'm running a salon here and I didn't
even know so yeah we'll see where that
goes I mean I'm gonna use it cuz I got
it but I just don't really understand
where it came from
hey wait now I have to clean up because
everything's all over the place and I
also need to film my video for today and
I'm also gonna open these blinds because
it looks really gross and dark and we
need to get rid of our Christmas tree
it's still at the front I knew that
would happen we need to call a guy about
it take it away take it away I also
forgot to show you buy something that
came from my grandmother on my mom's
side who is my only like living
grandparent um and you guys had met her
before and she's lovely and she had got
so much stuff for Christmas and like she
got us a lot she was that calendar over
there and like just lots of and lots of
stuff but she decided that we needed
something else for as like a
housewarming pendant gift so she said my
uncle pick up this package for us cuz
when we were going up to after I which
is in candy go away and my grandmother
lives in Galway and he like just gave it
to us when we came over we're like oh my
god why do we what's this prison for but
she had given us these bowls
how cute are they and they're like
proper like you know they're not plastic
they're what you call that or not
porcelain
I don't China no not checked you don't I
mean they're not plastic
anyways improbable is what I'm trying to
say and they look like the mini baking
bowls that's what I like about them so
they're all different colors and I love
that I think that's really really cute
to have like lots of different colors I
feel like if I had you know like if I if
I could decorate my own house like from
scratch like all the furniture and
everything I would probably do and I
know this isn't everybody's taste but
like it's just kind of my personal taste
like for home decor I know a lot of
people are probably like oh your taste
is probably like beige and bran and
stuff well that's because every time we
go to her rental that's like the color
is the easiest colors to work with but
usually no I actually if I had my own
like everything I'll probably do like
all or a lot of mostly white furniture
or like very pale furniture like cream
or white and then like lots and lots of
like bright color like accessories I
just think that looks really really cute
like when you have say like a white
kitchen table or like something and then
all those little colored ebolas that is
so cute
so it's um that was a great present and
she sent a card and everything and I
just I wanted to put it in the vlog
because like I know she won't watch it
because she's not internet or anything
but I really appreciate her because you
know she's my grandmother and she's
always very nice for stuff
Thank You Alma how do you feel after we
yeah you know we got the opportunity to
do that school thing he turned up you
know something that we tried to do what
we didn't try to do we thought about
doing like about a year or two ago
something like that you know when I was
putting a book ahead and I was like
really like yeah I don't know inspiring
and motivating and talking to people
about bullying and stuff because a lot
of it's very I think it hunger age
especially a lot of it so taboo and all
that stuff and like I was like horribly
bullies when I was in school and I
really feel that like I went to like
such an ordeal like and I was taken out
of school and I was I was put in like a
school for like kids with emotional
difficulties like I went through the
entire system of like learning all of
that how to
I had to relearn how to live you know I
lived in like a fantasy world for years
and you know you just it's like but it's
like no one knows that about you and
then you see you as a little confident
and happy and full of energy and they're
like whoa you are like such a depressant
as a kid I was like yeah but I came out
the other side and I know all all the
tools that I needed to do that and I
really feel that like you know when I
was in that class and you know and I was
talking I was not like yeah a beta test
for us and it's like it's just something
that we could do you know go around of
all the schools in art and like I do
little things seminars and stuff we can
meet people and like you know making one
feel good and you know behind I can help
with like body image and consciousness
and I can help but like motivation and
bullying and stuff like that when you
merchants gather like actually you know
when we did it it was like this is
really good you know when I took the
second years himself I said no like this
is actually really good stuff you know
people are really engaged by this now I
was like can I do something you know
something awesome that's what I'm I'm
working on right now which is like super
complicated but it's gonna be on the
John Joe Lee channel it's it's a video
and it's it's a different kind of
YouTube style video it's it's very
different like but it's gonna be I don't
know how I know when it's gonna be off
because it's like super long complicated
I just feel like I felt the calling I
feel like is this what I should do you
know is it so I want to define invoke
the people you know in college do you
think I'd be good I don't know just I
just I just feel like I want to do
somebody does that really feel I really
felt like it's just what I'm supposed to
do you know you know you ever get that
when you're kind of like doing something
and it's much like yeah I like doing a
fax and then vlogs do not exert things
and then you're you're just for some
reason all those things together
combined if somehow put you in a
position when you're standing there
doing something and you're just like oh
my goodness like this is what I should
be doing ever since we've already had a
kind of big meal today I decided I would
go with the Hoopoe special this is where
you get loads of hoops don't you get I
saw - did you see that you got a little
thumb in there get away from there you
get the Hoopoe hoops and you get some
like brown bread you know this is the
Rye bread
it's nice and chunky with nuts and he
said I plop it in there and you like
scoop that on and then eat it
scoop and eat I got some apple juice as
well yeah I told out my apple juice but
AM is the Hoopoe special it also works
with spaghetti and alphabet ease and if
you're if you're super awesome you can
get to Sesame Street ones or the
spongebob squarepants ones or there's a
multitude of stars and all sorts well I
went with hoops though I decided to go
with hoops because I'm Hoopoe like that
I'm having a hoopla mm-hmm
have you ever made an awesome meal like
this hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
