it's always done that sort of tractor
beam drastic things happened that you
always think like oh my god do you think
like why she come to think of it look
where we've actually come through where
we were like I remember like we I
graduated college like and it was like
no jobs and there was no prospects and
there was nothing and we moved to London
and waited like no money and all we had
were like the savings and stuff what we
had and we just ventually like ran
through all of that like I had nothing
like you know and then like everything
just started worse and then we're living
in Dublin it was like worse worse and
worse and like it was either like look
for something else to do or stay
unemployed like everybody else and
that's that's kind of how we fell into
YouTube because I was already doing it
and I was like well look maybe I'll
start doing YouTube to sort of like I
don't know like get my work out there
you know and that was that was the
reason I started doing like a food DVD
was just really that get my work out
there you know I did not for six months
I just enjoyed it I suppose no not to
know how I start didn't tell you
blogging cuz I just wanted to see what
would happen because I was like on where
could this lead to like you know but
things were getting better and better
and then enough in the studio and then
sort of like still being kinda broke you
know and then just sort of working our
way up like you know so when when things
like you know think that this happened I
just think like well it's not as bad as
it used to be you know it's just a
little hitch in the road you know a
couple a worse you know but it's not
that bad it's just like two days
possibly two days might even be to you
that it's like you know and we're so
lucky that you know we have a supportive
family right beside us that are able
feel like help us in times of need yeah
nice families awesome so we're not gonna
might get the track
and we're getting veggies we're getting
rocket and some other nice my hair is
wet so that's the market
now we're at the olives and you can
now getting a sushi for lunch even
though I don't really like I like a
veggie sushi they have the veggie roll
no see that's beetroot and goats okay so
I would take any a couple of their
present a cheese yeah
do tell me know what's in them
so there's a queue for the coffee
because it's so popular once they're set
for coffee roasters embryo but I
actually made these here one is why so
much of your last year it support coffee
roaster
yeah
sushi sushi she soon sushi
excuse me you guys like sushi used sushi
eaters what's a now ins up peppers are
these are these fish the sushi that
sounds better though like I think I
prefer a vegetarian sushi oh no I'm not
gonna steal I'm just saying like I like
I like I like the idea of the rice rolls
for not the fish oh yeah because that's
I think a nice like eating a raw fish
finger stop yeah rice rolls are nice
why just call it right yeah this is
usually Emma's darica CDs in Miami sit
on our seat muster in the pace Buster
Buster rooney's that's what I'm having
Oh open wide did you eat some of that
that's good my couscous rice dings yeah
yeah and the best coffee in the world
oh my goodness oh my goodness you're
like crush crush it her question corset
on time
beans what hey
now do we have babysitters means we're
here for tonight why don't we go to
cinema Erica you guys want to see are
using it is nasty know much as they do
they love it her - oh my wait moans the
horror factor all from home well T Dan I
heard something what happened he has a
pigeon oh my god the cat has a pigeon oh
look away now if you're queasy but one
of the cats did some did some business
here oh no oh no the downsize you happy
now smudgy could you explain what you've
done here could you explain what you've
done here
okay I'm gonna cover it over a little
bit so you guys don't see it but it
didn't end well
it didn't end well at all okay nice my G
what's that tasty wish you weren't
supposed to do that
okay so wrap it up
smudgey oh no oh no and you guys have
cats you guys have murderous cats how
did he get a pigeon now pigeon anyone
for some pigeon soup where'd I put it
mm-hmm I suppose I should just give it
back to nature or something like that
because it's can't just like you can't
put it in a bin right or put it there
that to a cat to get it back oh my god
like a tree fell down guys holy crap you
can see that it's like a massive tree
okay I pardon my pardon it's quite
discreet these days like that's really
dope look at him where's my bird where's
the bird okay this is horrible guys my
needs confirm that it's actually dead so
I think it is because it is horrible I
couldn't you know I think if you ever
find a bird like that its neck like all
ripped out when I get it still alive I
think you should actually kill it
because I think it's cruel to leave it
but uh I'm going to dispose of it now
rest in peace my little friend let's all
say a little prayer for the birdie okay
see some comments and prayers for the
bird well I might hear a my he'll do the
rest of my chores which is this dispose
of the Christmas tree because it's a big
fart at the back of this hill
excuse me there's a big forest at the
back of this house and that's we're
gonna put the Christmas tree look at it
though I get it actually like it's like
like you just touch it it all just falls
apart alright let's drag this up let's
just drag this up the garden I should
probably get up backwards are you going
and is that way Ruby laughs damage may
be less damaging situation we will
string it over all the trees knocking
everything over let's go
all right regardless
o Christmas tree o Christmas tree we're
going to miss dito let's GE o Christmas
tree I will miss you so but it's time to
bring you back bring you back to where
it all began you back to nature you can
grow you can grow into a big tree tell
them guys Tommy's gonna be an amazing
tree you could be whatever you want to
be as long as you believe in yourself
you guys want some popcorn what you want
some apple you have a newer Staver like
ever
I'm sorry about that so it is maybe it's
so bad maybe SOPA I've somehow got into
your life we wrap up votes mom how many
poeple ages feel about and that mm-hmm
mommm message means you said em all I
sent you a parcel life but you send it
to the PIO box I don't even know my new
address do you know I know address
huh you gonna share with me
it's nice here though it's like a little
holidays now who's like our holiday
guest house we come and stay in it's
nuts FK ring and school oh because it
comes with like it's like bed and
breakfast oh my god it's like bed and
records it's daddy
cuz it used to be host our husband now
it's hotel oh ma you gotta take it out
what do you think yeah mm-hmm I don't
think they like it as much though
because of the cat situation you know
you need a hug I can offer hugs love
words of encouragement and where's the
discouragement this discouragement and
encouraged when coming together combined
I can combine them together and turn
into some sort of in this oh oh yeah
place it down do it homemade brownies
excited for home irani how excited like
your home advantage in terms of cows
versus and hopes have excited then
gently now hmm
hmm I want a middle one as this gonna
work
which one way one here slide it on oh
yeah oh yeah
that I wasn't a middle one no it looked
like a middle of you got a middle one
any middle ones left
alright swapsies my middle grab see the
middle is the best is that way you don't
think I can go to chocolate ice cream on
my chocolate brownie what are you gonna
put there Randy what's the other option
though cookies in dough what would you
go cookies in dough or chocolate praline
and I think I love a chocolate ball in
the camera Oh a third option that's just
come in to fray Gallifrey just a pair of
glasses that or cream
oh no the thing is just broken hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
