what's that good morning from the
countryside who is in there
why is he in there who's that case
mm-hmm
unfortunately run outside yet though so
you can't see them but every step just
like reserved an advert for country
living or something like that you need
to get see this last Mike is it so dark
in the middle say that's where the half
a mile of the other side huh they're a
little bigger and dated in chickens and
that corn will stick up a bit more on
the terrace happy happy you've got you
so wrapped around there
he wasn't signing on the top of the bar
in the morning it's not a morning get
woken up by a rooster this is that this
is what I always hit down right this
would be an awesome dream type of thing
right you see this right they grow all
their vegetables themselves how amazing
is that the chickens get the eggs
they've got like a bees there for honey
and pollen and wax and stuff like that
this is all the wood and stuff for like
the fire killing suffer like it's all
natural it's all like raw it's all like
it's kind of amazing isn't it to think
that you can completely be
self-sufficient off the land at your own
land I'm like such a city bugger I'm
like but but where's your Tesco that's
our task oh whoa your test goes
different to my Tesco her clean living
come on guys have you seen I love it
here but I can't let them off because
the country ducks here fine like that
was wrong rain different fields and
stuff battalion see you know aren't
really used to a roaming or having
different fields and up but we just
twiddle about Oh God oh no just it up
here so I have to sorry to keep them on
oh shoot a basket guys come on we get
some nice brewed coffee here's some
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
where's mommy
Lucy's mommy's oh okay so
over itself and we're on our way to the
school where we're going to give a talk
and they're really very good I know I
shouldn't be probably cuz I wasn't
feeling that well anyway but I want to
do this like I did want to do it that's
obviously why I agreed to it in the
first place but and my aunt was really
doing like a really nice singing for me
oh that turns makeup in by organizing it
I'm really excited about it but I'm just
gonna nervous I'm like what if they
don't like me you know and thankfully
Jonathan's here so okay so does the turn
coming up here but like
summer and turn left toward and 63 what
is it with this one because like it
looks like we're right on the turn must
be this one really be sure no
not be chairman at me
it says for like on the turn
yeah buzzing man are you
I think what one's not turn that one
just there
it's like and it has updated like
this is the school hmm
hidden in there now just left my two
little friends oh they're gonna mind the
car what were inside I am just getting
the because we're gonna film it and
we're gonna film basically talking
because we might go and do this with
other schools and stuff and I was like
it's good to have video record and oh
and if it goes really well we might put
it on the starlight so keep an eye on
for that and that's getting motivated
you know it seems kind of odd when
you're standing around do this because
people like dude you realize you've got
it Cameron you're happy oh who put that
there
you know I mean you do kind of feel kind
of to start you thinking like I don't
know but then you know just teach you a
lot to be like more confident you're
walking on your own you're thinking like
yeah whatever
what what up you know buddy and if
that's the thing about YouTube it does
teach you a lot to be more comfortable
because right now as much as you're
sitting Arizona like we're all here in
their own you got a camera there but
there's a couple of thousand people
under you know if you share that with
people if you say guys I'm really having
a crappy day recently I had a big
breakout and I loved it
we're all done I kind of annoyed because
I didn't actually record the ad the
second year as one yeah are you talking
to you I didn't actually record the
second year's one cuz I was like oh no
actually found wise I mean the sound you
mean no I actually didn't record check
my camera yeah yeah yeah yeah but
actually turned out to be really good
you know big thing I'm bullying and
stuff like that I didn't know what I was
gonna turn into that like we don't need
a recording to transition your one make
sure there's a lot of fun but we ended
up guys this is just cool it's a crazy
skill that dogs not no leash
oh my god the science is good all signs
so that's what they're like in Bali gar
guys
rarely know we're in boundless snow snow
snow any guys from fouling the snow
little slow he smells no hi so yeah Wow
how do i how do I get home
joining Dublin are going what if you
don't want to go to either um I'm gonna
go wait call us call us o go it I called
it I don't know well I think we just go
to here we'll check the map and check
the map it's look at a big church
are you I'm sorry we need to get some
footage in our system egde can I say
edge at the end of every word okay Paula
Jan Harwich okay pull it in here just
okay we stop bitched and because it's
the window edge do it this close uggh
they aren't yours oh my god
we are chilly in the middle of nowhere
again oh my goodness is like endless
circles nowhere road I think there's
some factory or something coming up
there but this is welcome to middle
Heartland Middle earth
you don't really know where we are but
we're somewhere between go away and work
probably closer to go away hoping oh
look at this fancy rope you just got
onto now oh my goodness this is what is
this this is like some wine these are of
a situation
oh my god I think what a roller coaster
up and around
Oh
all what is that
anything Oh fishing oh my god River
Shannon listen guys I don't know if you
can see it all maybe it's Lambeau sit up
here River Shannon is cool Shannon
bridge yeah I used to come here when I
was a kid on the and the Shannon boats
if I shouldn't stop in the middle of the
row just oh wow that's look oh here we
go here we go
I guess it'll bridge wrong guys
so it's like a one-man bridge let's go
to Shannon boats
the river yeah I know it's deadly now so
awesome haha this is Ireland
oh what's out up there gonna get it
looks like jump that in a minute is that
always a supermax wherever you go
there's always a Supermax I got it back
full of my green applets new
No prepared over they make it as
allergies
don't be good
strap in
qe apples in the line gonna go with that
one
oh it seems pretty good
there may be actually
they get a rap
I hate this club so much I've been stuck
behind this truck for a man
that is so dangerous
okay in cash
welcome to Berlin and you guys in from
turnes did you go to the premiere
so it's called premiere yeah that's that
place is hip kind of hip hop hippity hop
in hip hop Peabody here knows a bingo
hall or something yeah doing a bit of a
kid down the Caleb I know they roll ha
ha music I like we were always stuck in
whoever taught there was traffic in
tireless oh oh my god late for the next
one Nene's channel
I'm Way too got to cash out cuz I'm
gonna hop on the motorway Rome tota
total a bit of money
OOP trying to get home and try and get
the video uploaded I'm carrying the
video I stayed up late last night guys
just for you and I edited the vlog at
ease because I knew we were gonna get
home late so I was like look i'ma stay
up late get the vlog these edited and at
least when we get home I can slap it in
the oven and the oven takes about 20
minutes
is my head hit the pillow you like when
to say I was so tired last night and
like it didn't matter what it was going
on I was just like asleep as soon I hit
the pillow and now I feel the same
well no it was so funny because you know
one you're really hungry right and then
you eat something and it's like the best
meal you have ever eaten in your whole
entire life and it might not be like it
might be just like some like I don't
like for me just there we were so hungry
cuz like I had breakfast Jonathan didn't
but so I shouldn't even find but I think
it was cuz we did the stalks and
everything I my aunt like she was really
nice and she are performing yeah you're
kind of performing you're like on you
know you're you're my adrenaline that's
kind of open like you're just on go the
whole time and then it stopped and
you're like
you know and my aunt was really nice and
she offered us lunch and everything but
we just knew we knew we needed to get
home because of the video and all that
stuff so we stopped but it was like
after a while because we passed through
like lots and lots of little small towns
we wanted like a mainstream shop like
Sentra or something so you got to ascent
revenge Lee and it was like three
o'clock or something but we had been up
since like what half past eight
yeah well I did my thing yeah so so
hungry
and the reason I don't usually want when
I eat lunch so late like usually when
I'm talking to you guys is and the
reason why I don't get hungry until like
three or four is because we get up so
late this time it was like early so I
was so starving and then it was like
three o'clock I was like ravenous like
both of us work and then we stopped when
we got to wraps have I got a tuna wrap
and you got like a chicken wrap and I
swear that tuna wrap the white poodle
that tuna wrap was like the most
delicious food I had ever tasted in my
whole entire life and Jon's gonna say
we're like oh I'm seriously I was just
like this is
the yummiest things I've ever tasted
seriously like I I've never had any and
there probably was and he was thinking
of a rap like that's such a big deal but
we were just so hungry
you know when that happens you just feel
like oh I'm starving
this looks cool yeah it's like Turnus
shopping center and it's like a mom oh
my god I hope that's not her daughter
oh my god can you guys see that she's
like younger than way younger than Irish
like humans they just dropped holding a
baby got in your own okay I don't think
you guys saw any of that oh yeah she was
holding your leg she was its mom anyways
and if you guys haven't already noticed
this is a very different charity that
I'm the one we usually take to Dublin
because yeah it's like through towns and
like I mean you might think it's more
interesting which it probably is but
it's just a bit like because you get
stuck behind people then and you get
stuck behind like slow drivers or like
god bless the motorway yeah it's just
very difficult sometimes but I think
I'll be and see now are dying to go home
yeah like they went through we did the
fridge for a little walk
but they had stated I remember no they
want to get home when I theater does a
very exciting journey there was like a
cat a crazy cat that like tried to
attack me and two big dogs to contend
with so a B and C and plus for Albie
which is like more stressful I think
there were like two young boys and like
there's so many people out that's fine
frisina but not too much for elevating
and then one other thing I thought the
chickens in the morning Haley but I
think they were fine like they were my
aunt saying how she was actually
surprised she thought she would be like
breaking up dog fights the show but
everybody was fine with each other so
long
but yeah I just can't wait to get lunch
me - yes all right my turn first news
okay tell me if anything comes No
oh yeah oh yeah this is the stuff lights
where
Oh homie oh we have just arrived me
welcome to Cork so cork did you miss us
did you know how about how much did you
miss me corn thanks porky I missed you
too I mr. Rhodes
they know they know they know we're just
discussing food options thinking of a
Chinese
I spared carry chips okay any tips um I
gotta go chicken curry get my chips in
there what are you thinking about prison
for the light and a veggie curry
vegetarian the light's gone OOP sorry
just informed me that she has take
medicine because she's a Dumbo boom give
me that
what do you have what is this shot
seized and the dollar okay what do we
got here
fruits fruit topic whatever language is
the same
why didn't you why don't you just eat
normal so what is it it's like a fruit
cocktail whole flavors in there
chocolate Oh tropical a hazy tropical
tropical situation what you always a
writing on your hands oh my god I hope
nobody's ears bled there
I says the words come on try it try it
try before you buy do it do you even eat
any of them is it go go get a big chunky
part what's it like soft any like real
fruitcakes the one I wanted but mom Oh
God Oh golly silly mommy golly golly
pinky journey is it you guys you'd still
wanna know what is for dinner anyway
today oh I mean the school five minutes
I get called into the principal's office
oh my god and I was having flashback to
the olden days it was a fun Gio
hot cheese my job for today
halloumi ha loom me in the 7 hello me
I'm having a little bit of humble Umi
today there meet the Hammond - roomie oh
my god
Oh yum-yum's oh yeah MEMS becomes none
of that a juice situation a
justification justification of the
situation what spit back in it that's
the best thing to do
this fits at you stay back at a chore to
spot don't let it spit at you like that
vamos some problems think I'll endure it
is yum yum if you're a factor when you
know what oh I already ate one so I have
a second one I dig I really lonely go to
waste
oh it's such a beautiful thing it's such
a tasty beautiful thing
you know me too
then you wanted me to beat you up Oh No
so after about five hours of travel we
finally arrived home to find that that
there's actually going to be no power in
the house for two days all I wanted to
do is watch my TV I look like a burglar
Shh
that's my hat by the way I use all the
time you guys took right there so let's
see what we're gonna do is we're gonna
go em we're gonna stay in mama Scala
it's night cuz we got a tasty dinner we
got a nice heated bedroom it's got you
know an apartment in moments that
lettuce is my purse Nene's you just
getting enough stuff actually look like
I'm a burglar I wonder what the
neighbors think it's like a somewhat a
torch like wandering your head has good
stuff I'll miss you bad miss you bad I
know you really have an option well we
could stay here but I just got really
cold
oh yeah sorry it's bright it's bright
oh it's not tough here okay and that
nothing is products laptops products um
should we bring this oh god looks like
it's moving
oh really oh oh oh wow that's kind of
cool
my secret special oh alright alright
guys so I guess we'll blow this joint
event so we power problems and spits
like gasp others but in two days well
might even be two days we're we're
there's an engineer calling tomorrow
morning and then he's gonna tell us like
Oh might be tomorrow or the next day but
they're like I was like so Friday is
like the second day don't leave before
the videos like no no but anyway let's
see what happens with the engineer
tomorrow it's kind of spooky hey ready
to go spooky guys go spooky like she
blinded ah hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
