hello why is it the morning coffee
tastes the best coffee of the day Liam
because like you have like actually have
one cup of coffee date but whenever
right in the bed or in the city are you
know doing the thing like tomorrow for
example cuz you gotta drive to Galway
when you're doing that you'll probably
have another coffee but it's never as
good as the first coffee probably it's
the first coffee we make that's a core
coffee roaster and it can we make the
beans and do it all ourselves maybe
that's why it's better but I don't know
what is your favorite coffee of the day
if you drink coffee if you don't get
coffee and you're like a tea drinker
when it's your favorite do you have
different changes I like the M I like
the nighttime teas nothing like midday
teas or acting because once I doing one
coffee and we move on to the teas but
like you know kind of like I don't see
like the nine o'clock tea you know
because it's kind of like chillaxing you
know I have a couple of biscuits don't
donkey dunk chunky chunk and then
watching some shows oh man it's just
like the camel ma the cinnamon bit of
spiced apples or something I don't know
but I'm good morning to you hope you
have a great day
do you know why I love the most in the
world you know you should eat your
wife's ears my fears didn't like your
ears having fun on Facebook
dear facebook.com before you could just
like xxx yeah thanks and then like yeah
but it's my fault because I started
accepting people yeah maybe or true one
at a time
I know I know no I forgot I was even
friends as much oh my god like this bite
reinert corn when you were like
yesterday you were like who's my inner
corner I was like I met him in Munich
like he was really nice to me and like
he showed me around and stuff your
father in heaven like he didn't even
know his friends with them and now like
oh yeah right what's up because what we
did is that we both like me and I like
you know my laptop these are so many
we're about 22 and I just like calling
it names like you know I was afraid that
Jonathan would delete somebody like like
a school friend that like he didn't
recognize the name of and he just go oh
delete and I'm like no cuz that person
will get rid and some of my school
friends like they've changed their name
I know okay do I know you or yeah it's a
complicated situation
babe you all they understand it's just
like it's my private face it's my
personal Facebook and I decided to let
people in like ages ago but then I
didn't really realize what would happen
in mmm like my mom's on there
like my close family members and when
they see like nasty comments that kind
of loan on YouTube they get upset and so
I obviously cuz I get it like straight
to my song and I'm like okay that's not
very nice I don't mind whatever you want
to say about me on the Internet is fine
but just don't direct it to me
personally on my private Facebook but I
love you guys who don't do mean things
like I know that feels a box and like
deleting people I'm like I know you
never see anything wrong like you never
like or somebody messaged me and it was
like why did you delete it'll all make
sense but I have a life sentence you
have like honey yeah yeah make sense
someday someday when you got a frog
wrote up okie dokie what am i doing no
I'm going to make soup I got confused I
got confused with the motions of
movement jeopardy I thought when you're
driving somewhere or going somewhere and
you sort of autopilot because again if
I'm driving somewhere oh you know and
someone calls me on the phone
somehow autopilot kicks in and you end
up driving to like the place we were
like that when I worked in the studio I
go to every single day so if I was going
somewhere and sometimes I'll be chatting
on it and we'd be like oh yeah we're
heading off to like a shop or something
that way and then some yeah I'm I'm
driving that to the studio and I'm like
what am i doing
why am I going this way take Sarah with
you guys or is it just me right now
guess what I make it surprise surprise
oh my god guys I just pulled this out I
just broke that means now we now have
one single little bulb left in all gone
all garden bar that one and this this
was the answer to everything
I just opened it wasn't
panel
and they just to give the new world
hello when they played together
sometimes I'm sitting here we were
working away and he comes flying in the
door and jump into the beds like out of
separate beds now but they're so cute
you'll come in the tutor must be asleep
on coffee sugar into one bed like I
really am really affirms that it was a
good choice to get like a second of his
like whenever I was on his own like I
wonder is that how people feel if you
have a child or two children like that
who you felt like is that why you had a
second child because I know that for me
when I grew up like having my brother in
my life I think it would be really
difficult if I was to grow without my
brother
you know I know I have two sisters and a
brother like I think my sister's
probably felt a bond between them and I
felt fun and I have a bond obviously my
sister's too but I think you need like
that I like companion not like a friend
like a family friend or something you
know and your name because I think it's
really important know that I'm there
like you know taking the mutants outs on
your own like a bit of I consummate
engine it always looks we got attention
nowhere it's like they leave they learn
to sort of amuse themselves you know
we're not around from that so Jonathan
is stealing my hair she's dead what I'm
sorry I don't feel that well right
uh-huh
Jonathan is stolen up my GHD is what I'm
crying they need to make these were men
this is the best invention in the world
I do not believe they are for men too
great yard violence that's just like it
this is so cool you make your hair do
anything you want
I know it's like external flu well then
she burned her scalp it though Penner's
let me know when you're done cuz I have
a lot of hair to straighten smell
burning I don't know just use some of
your gel stuff Thank You Gillian this
thing is our no I mean afterwards okay
thank you have toys yeah that stuff that
you got in your glass box I like the
natural good Wow look
well baby daffodils oh my goodness look
actually bobbing look Xena if that
videos are coming out that means spring
is underway although that's quite early
it's January didn't normally sprat in
January look at these two little guys
about to pop out but so cool look it's
the first flower in a year oh wow so
cool cuz the rest of the stuff is there
you keep munching on the grass there
that's great there's summer time she can
cut her grass but just like a lamb or
something these ones are kind of coming
out a little bit but I don't know what
they are but definitely that's so cool
isn't it huh
okay guys we have to go so you've got a
mind a house you've got straw over face
chair go peepee zombie before we go
I'll go peepees go peepees come on go
peepees go peepees so javis is just
collecting my mom because um we're just
going to my doctor's and um I have this
like weird this happened to me like a
few months ago as well you know I'm
getting like oh this happened to me a
few months ago I have this dryness like
on my eye like we're just on my eyelid
like right up there
um yeah it's really annoying I was
getting in the car no stop I don't wanna
vlog the way I said you should get that
it go that's what it's here for
we're waiting
it's not only that we get tricked but by
coming here mama Stalin said oh by the
way Erica needs to be collected from
town it's like oh that's pointless so
we've been roped into driving into town
and like the era catalyst sometimes the
cool breeze cool breeze head squeeze
so town traffic I try to avoid it but
sometimes I manipulated and scammed and
tricked into coming here oh there's
press and you guys impress our prize
boys boys I made a presentation though
when I was a minor junior hey what's
that
I'll let you something
he's got his tail between his legs and
everything he's so cute
where where are we actually picking up
Ricky's that's like Joe's shoes are
fairly
Oh God oh god sorry I just just wait a
moment it'll fix itself it'll be okay
it'll be okay Tiny Tim you just turn
this off got a block quick before the
light comes on because we've got no
bones so I'm I just put on a Twitter
Facebook there if you follow me on
Twitter or if you don't follow me on
Twitter why just go ahead and follow me
on Twitter it'll be a fun time we'll
have a fun time with no fans or you can
add me as a friend of Facebook or ago
today anyway I was saying that guys you
gotta check out January 20 turd one day
thanks Monday which is like seven days
for me today which is like six days for
you tomorrow
but then in seven days I mean just in
case there's any confusion we will be
recording on Sunday so it'll be the
video that you guys get on Monday it's
gonna blow your mind
Oh be excited be very excited be more
excited than you are excited for next
Christmas are you excited nice Christmas
maybe snow for Jo PES 2012 of course
that's of course if the Mayans Oh anyway
it's that some waffles just go right
down your diary
wait here oh my god both before show
your work oh that is so cool-looking
isn't it so pretty together you but
maybe you should put it here in the
videos oh my god everyone's jealous
everyone wants what I'm just so watching
the two of them together that's a really
good idea
oh and America together Lily's we work
together teamwork and it's oh I could do
this because if any
she's a spray bottle oh yeah you have to
water the plants
/ not gonna help but hopefully they
don't like chrome is so cool again it
really is I love it wow I love my room
mhm I love yo oh come on you know the
way it's a Monday Monday you know what
make that better
you guys done out there already obvious
look like he's done
no no employees Brown be obvious not
done yet it's a team effort hope I cook
this mmm I'm going to enjoy this talking
what did you get Nene's one side Oh
spaghetti Oh spaghetti oh oh god yo
would you guys get would you guys get a
Tosti pizza or some spaghetti pizza
spaghetti pizza spaghetti garlic bread
pizza spaghetti garlic bread garlic
butts paddy garlic's beets espagueti got
to beat skips speaks and we got I got it
the trike since pizza together got it
hi can I get some spits up you gotta
garlic come on anything any minute mmm
what a smell fresh
clothing really sad point in my life I'm
gonna be able to eat half a pizza
oh-ho-ho God minor he set it on fire
I was like
oh my god pizzas on fire
there's nothing here look at the tale
look at the tail
you know dad guys half a pizza like what
is the world coming to when Joe Faso and
look at my site look at my popcorn bag
what the heck it's like a teeny popcorn
or let's have half a packet of raisins
and half a pizza what's happenin Nina no
I refuse your fries allow me I'll be
telling me refuse it he's a good friend
of mine we're making cheese guys Helios
what's that agree to go tomorrow what oh
no if she finishes we're gonna quarter
to four and then she I think it takes
for like an hour to get away so I don't
know
all right kids would be there like the
kids will be there but like I don't know
so we don't know where we'll just go
like with the intention of wait for
dinner okay how long is it to get there
wife oh no way like because it's there
not need to go in to go away and then
air to go away Oh guys some bad news he
attended a dinner like six yeah but we
have dinner at eight I know everyone has
different dinners a different 11 o'clock
at night I was actually looking at the
footage today because that I was doing
something I was editing something up
you'll find out soon and I was looking
at the footage of strength or not and I
was just like oh my goodness I need to
go back to Toronto it was so sudden we
were soaked the color of a sauna the
color I was like I know although we are
going out just right though we just
booked our flight yeah we're going
tomorrow my fans some really good
flights and then I found Tony stole my
brother's like hotels hotel so I was
like wait a second look it up and my
brother's a bit of a cheapskate I know
it's gonna be like one of my brothers
let me just say one of those a
cheapskate the other one that's like
doesn't need to be a cheapskate Oh like
oh I'm gonna look at how much that is
for a week and I'm like mmm interesting
and of course it was like you know cuz
my dad was like that too like you're
just very like frugal with their money
yeah unlike that all in the time though
I'm like why don't you want this even if
I was a trillionaire I would like I'm
not spending six end on that I think I
should save energy
yeah but I mean it's not like it
crappy like hotel you know being overrun
with cockroach it's like a four-star
isn't it no it's a yeah but streets are
down Sorrento and it's like Oh best
Westerners all right something like that
it's like it's an American thing yeah
and you go in like it is like American
guy to death oh okay
I cannot you speak Italian but it's very
and it's got a pool and everything they
see you comon they see it coming they're
like hello I'm like buongiorno there
like yesterday
okay nice effort Italian like I am the
sister of you know one of your guests
robot and then he like calls from
chessmen is like hello your sisters do
like but there was a couple from Texas
remember sitting average thank you it's
very like American friendly which is
saying solely and it's a two minute walk
to the town ya know last time anthem I'm
stood on the beach I gotta write one of
those that you know the house is where
you get changed in no right we're never
to even live in that one I feel a lot
like this time though because I think
that like because we were gang what are
you doing you trying to get them yeah
he's trying to get the pizza me away you
know free garlic bread they did that was
pretty hungry to me except I wouldn't
afford it food then she'll have my
scraps
it's okay what I'm gonna have that bad
pizza tomorrow no I haven't week instead
of dessert
but is it I don't need I regret it's got
butter down or any butter
I don't think I'm butter but I stand
aside I think it's rented this time it's
because last time like it was all like
we arrived here and it was like all
words to dress and said let's go meet
the wedding planners and then it was
like get to go see the hotel and then it
was like plan I was in Denver was the
rehearsal dinner and then after
rehearsal dinner it was like the next
family dinner and it was the wedding and
I know it's the next day and then it was
a day off and then it was get going to
Naples and it's just like the whole
thing was like so fast because there was
thinking there was a wedding it this
year actually there's a wedding in the
middle of our holiday again but it's not
our wedding which is like the big factor
which i think is gonna make it way
better you know we can spend like time
there and I think you're valentina and
Andre over there well it's time he was
wedding so I mean she would ever be we
entre again you guys remember him
it was the highlight of the vlogs he
does he can he actually can't speak he
can't speak alias Potenza I do yeah yeah
I don't my chicken in Italy it's just
like perfect though
pretty much where I put like O's
afterwards just for fun
that's like Italian would you like all
those seats on the channel closed I
betcha it's goes is it what is would you
like to sit in the chair in Italian what
is would you like to sit on this chair
in Italian oh you know in Christ our
Savior I think oh it's actually nothing
like
chera yeah say yeah yeah say that so I
was know so Joel misses language but
only at first it say to somebody would
you like to sit in this you'd probably
say like
which means like to sit down like you
would yeah it sounds like an order but
you wouldn't ever say something like
would you like to sit down in this chair
II just we like to sit down you know
please sit down it is ugly I don't think
you're gonna get that with all your
huffing and puffing we're all you're
hoping and puffing huh ask them master
subscribers ask them please leave in the
comments if I can have the pizza y'all
so sue me for the valley or the garlic
plant but do it quickly before Cena
wakes up cuz I don't want to share hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
