it is super dark this morning oh my god
it's just like a blanket of cloud and
like all the little Bert we're not even
a little all closed and like big birds
are like hi or taking shelter like under
like well you probably won't be able to
see that but they're like under the like
rooftops so horrible today and we
actually didn't forget to get our bulbs
cuz see were those three are out and
then I think only one of those works and
if all I was saying to John then I was
like all sixes those bulbs worked I have
a future would be so bright at night and
I'm so much easier to film but last
night remember we were like don't let us
forget you know and then we didn't
actually forget but then we're like oh
wait a second we don't even know what
kind of bulb it is so we're gonna get
them so Jonathan when he came home he
checked so we're gonna get them today
brought me um it's not a bring apart I'm
putting oatmeal like porridge oats I
mean in my yogurt because I feel like
it's nice and I have an RN check every
single day like I don't feel right if I
don't have an iron for breakfast lately
I don't know why I think this oranges
are in season and they're so good if you
can get like a good one there's nothing
I don't know I just have been wanting
like a really juicy sweet orange every
single morning and you have to get a big
one like a really big one otherwise it's
not enough but you can't just have
Mandarin or something but just watching
I'll be poop yep great view of this
bummed
thank you and they hate it because it's
so awful outside and it's like he's
parking in the win look at I hate toys
then you it's it's go store me all night
last night like it's just being so
rotten and I forgot to tell you guys we
are going to it's not even Galway it's
not even a tomorrow I think it's like a
smaller town than that I'm not sure but
we're going to Galway like can t go away
which is if you don't know it's another
County in Ireland it's up north and then
West
yes West get that right
that's West and it's where am i it's
actually where my OMA lives but that's
not what we're going I'm going to handle
our way to act and Irish where my aunt
and godmother lives because she is a
teacher she's a schoolteacher
and she asked me she was so nice to like
do this for me come on in it's just a
been fun okay bye she was so nice
because she asked me if I would do a
talk and I think she's the transition
your coordinator or something
so she asked me if I would do a talk on
like positive body image and all of that
he's all that kind of stuff to her I
think first year and
first year on transistor your students a
fig so I'm really excited I'm kind of
nervous though I'm like what am I gonna
say I'm gonna bring my book and like
kind of go you know we use my book
obviously because that's kind of what
it's about and then Jonathan is gonna
talk a bit like self confidence and like
motivational kind of stuff alright I'll
be stop stop no it's a bin you're just
being silly come on in anything you
wanna be wet you want to be wet come on
so I'm really excited but nervous about
it and I hope it goes well that's
happening on Wednesday so it's not for
another few days but I just wanted to
let you guys know because I had
forgotten I had forgotten like not all
about it but I'd forgotten to tell
anybody about it so if you don't know
transition air and Ireland is basically
where you have like kind of like a gap
not a gap here but you do like different
things you don't have exams or anything
like that you can do like different
subjects like I don't know what presents
we did like Japanese European studies
film studies like just loads of
different things that you wouldn't
normally do as part of the regular like
school curriculum so it's a nice kind of
gap or break year from doing exams
because on either side and Ireland you
have like a ton of exams and it can be
stressful so that's what transition year
is and then first year would be usually
in transition year you'd be like 16 so
16 year olds and then first year is like
13 year olds or 12 yeah 13 year olds so
that's exciting the other only other
thing is that the school is mixed so I'm
gonna be talking to boys as well but oh
that's too much but my aunt was like she
thinks that she has three boys herself
and she was like no I think that it's
important for boys to know this stuff
too just as important as it is for girls
and like I never even thought of that
you know
so if you're a boy and like I mean what
what do you think it's like if you're a
teenage boy like would you like to
like this or like or not see that's why
it's kind of good to have John's in
there are because if I don't cater 12
like boys kind of worries and needs and
everything then Jonathan didn't do that
so that's kind of what we're gonna do
but we're really looking forward to it
albian seen are coming and they have
this big house in the countryside and
like chickens and dogs at their own and
like a big huge garden and like yeah so
I'm really looking forward to it don't
want too much so my sister's on her way
over
Oh with her husband owes and her little
Australian guests murmur Austin from
Dublin dinner party party he was a
little guy I was like that's a baby
sound like should we get a baby clothes
- you're here when it's a little baby
you just kind of put them here and
they're like no idea I'm talking back
okay okay yeah - does one end Oh
can anyone can Hemi these I've actually
consumed it test as long as tesco has
deal okay I will keep buying these okay
and when the deal ends when the dealin's
I will change my mind and now on the buy
supey toward the Dillon's I will choose
then I will know around about a soubise
I will buy something else that's on
offer until that upper expires oh boy
how was your Sunday whether the musical
is mine oh no oh no which one was that
the candolyn where did we get it
oh okay I'll light it is oh my goodness
even this is that oh oh stay stay stay
no no no no I'll be you have to stay up
here okay it's safe up there guys it's
not safe down here
listen I'll turn on the big noisy device
no we didn't have any candles I fit that
anyway yes I mean like it was awkwardly
sized and everything so it's not like
the worst break in the world something
else is broken yeah you just put candles
in that without the glass glass got
dirty all the time anyway
make sure you read all of it the doggies
they'll find it
these are the red skies that the Sunday
cleanup Wow yeah these cool little chair
guys and you guys have one of these cool
chairs or Brazil Hannah oh so cute is so
hot look it's like my little hat yeah
the dope is that Oh say ah will train
yeah cuz the first words out of you you
hear me
what's a long word ah just that'll do
that'll be it suffice go go do it do it
go I'm gonna show everyone your cape oh
the monkey pop cave superhero I have to
look cool in a bit put it out backwards
yeah yeah
you wear your bit forward oh my god who
wears a bit forward
oh I should make my like crisscross
where they're in jumpsuits yeah yeah
babes are often gonna make you go
no you should get the glass and so he's
like giggles yeah
I'm put him on a bike and psycho laughs
evilly sitting up front taking it all in
buddy yeah yeah corn you're studious
type it seems funny mmm
back to Dublin right foot open oh yes
Clark was fun but I'm ready to go home
now oh no it's my house Oh em are they
my mind Papi's gonna eat that damn be
getting their pharmacy if you feel
really sick they're like ice and freezes
work there now do you have a list
guys I checked the Bulls there's a
little small bulbs with the tin twisty
thing in so we are getting Bulls we
leave here with our bulbs but
okay well those are a lot more
complicated name you think I think this
is the ones that we need the spotlight
ones but it's kind of like this little
spotlights and then there's big
spotlights so it seemed it's big spot
uh-huh no look numbers even bigger
spotlights no it seems more like these
ones isn't it yeah like it's look
there's different sizes in them yeah I
think these are the best ones it's very
complicated meaning I didn't know wine
light bulbs are so complicated doesn't
it cuz they don't even goes bigger again
look oh come on every time every time I
move over it keeps getting bigger and
bigger
look I started with this little thing
and that one and this one and then this
one and then this one
all right gonna go these ones all right
now that's under it like a four
yeah but a little bit she quite
expensive oh look so let's have them
here they look like fancy ones they
don't need fancy lights you wanna live
in a fancy light house fancy light house
and his brother lived in a lighthouse
where you stayed in my head to me oh no
we reach a conundrum in terms of hop
neva G and you guys hop non-experts
because each one of them is the same
price okay so you've got like normal hob
knobs just such as these ones look just
hob knob novelty hob knobs which is like
YUM but then and the other thing they
have luck these ones which is like the
Chuck what no look the chocolate ones
but you're like awesome
yum-yum then over here under the same
offer to have the caramel ones
oh no which ones you guys get I don't
know what to do another no we found two
fingers too
yeah what is this
why would they do this to us
oh my god you don't get that much though
they're quite soon they are quite small
oh my goodness
damn you're my kiddies dad knew about
the tears which one was you guys big or
would you pick them all did I get them
off what if I got like one pack of them
all or a hundred what's that Oh may I
remind you at the homeland okay so we
ended actually with the Fox Amber's and
we decided to go the Amber's just as
we're leaving what the B spot Oreo Oreos
oh my god now what are we gonna do
Oreos are numbers or make goodies what
do you want to do you haven't had them
in ages drop them in see you later
Foxy's every time you get lower okay
each time you get have more and more of
them now what's next oh my god take taxi
tic tacs oh no it's the wrong ball did
you guys know did you guys know when
you're watching the video but you say
see me pick up the wrong balls and go
like oh no I can't even buy anything
like I'm really no I'm honey we're gonna
MST for some munchies my hair can arrive
I need something now I need to fill a
void a void filler that's fine yeah good
old good over void filler yeah what do
you eat - that's your favorite a void
filler if we will we're all masa house
oh my goodness look the pumpkins are so
there but look all the worms but if
slugs living under pumpkins all right a
little bit what I mean - like tonight
don't go to the Lego you don't go
through the night
what stay what's the holdup that's a
delay ah oh my goodness look at this
these are all for me
are they because I picked up the cream
that's what I did this right come again
what is that Mentos oh I like the
lentils you see I know now I like that
release oh I think like what they
sounded like linoleum yes yes yes -
liam's Petroleum's is not
what are we going to what is that said a
spider polenta polenta is bouche max Oh
are we not do you guys like polenta find
it I find polenta's to plenty times are
tough guys dinner by candlelight
candlelight study mmm
Lanta those things like if you get a
name off please oh my yeah what I think
what Gus the brown things oh my goodness
I eat you jealous oh you have some oh I
see that's it you make it remember I
tried to make that look what I did I
went and made an amazing mince pie even
more amazing that's what I did that's
what I do until I took ignore I had an
origin for power sorry exactly are you
just having an ordinary mince pie oh oh
you're just having ice cream you don't
have an awesome most amazing thing in
your well over amazing what are you
saying
makes me happy let's be happy if I had a
nappy I cut my hands who needs a
dishwasher when you've got a Cena good
get to work
come on wash those dishes they're not
gonna wash themselves get me Erica I
need to get the cream Oh in the Lego
Lego Oh most you got like that again
hobbies are these Chaldees to posh like
a little cream spoon Pritam or something
you're probably right oh no something I
stepped on the ball I stepped under a
cat food thing No are you calling me fat
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
