I actually never thought I would
actually have to go as far as to make a
short video explaining myself about a
video log about my life
guys you're leaving all these comments
and you know what the only is not making
this is because I feel really hurt and I
feel really sad for the community that I
spent a year and a half almost two years
I spent you know two years on YouTube
for first six months I was like doing
comedy sketches himself and then a year
and a half and the journey that year and
a half we all got to know each other we
all spend time together we've had
amazing moments we've had amazing
memories we've had highs we've had lows
we cried we got married and we came to a
new juncture a new position in our life
when we were going through something new
and amazing and and I said to you guys
let me just try and edit these things
for you let me show you real life let me
just bring you inside unedited and I did
that and I brought you to say the most
personal things in my life and and I'm
what happened like I don't ever feel
that I need to explain and mostly I know
I know because I know it all your names
I know you from Facebook and Twitter and
the good you know the people out there
and I know of one uncommons is leaving
now like 10 saying like all they're
haters I'm not calling anybody a hater
everybody is the right to interact in
whatever way they want because that's
what it's there for that's the freedom
of speech that's what you choose for it
did you feel that you need to do that
but I just want to I just want to make
sure everybody understands because
tomorrow's vlog it's already edited it's
already ready it's been sent off its
gonna be uploaded and it does not talk
about this at all whatsoever and I will
not acknowledge people that are doing
this for just trying to get at me and
trying to be rude and mean and they're
talking about how they feel betrayed and
hurt because of something i tweeted and
i talked about guys I'm a joker I'm a
Messer that's what I do you know then
the shorty award thing like what what do
you think do you think that I was going
to
to you something as intimate as a
pregnancy test result if you voted for
me do you know that voting ends on the
17 to February on the 72 February the
adjudicators a panel of judges will
decide it winner is nothing to do with
whether you follow you for me or not you
know and that sort of said like you know
what are you thinking about why would
you why did you jump to the conclusion
of the day before we've had a year and a
half of a strong community I got
developed relationship I know I'm gonna
help and I don't like she thought she
got to the point now where she was she's
really upset and she's like I just
delete her I don't want to have these
people on Facebook because guys like
people coming on there and seem like the
c-word and people were saying horrible
thing I don't know people think about
what they say or what goes through their
mind when they feel like they want to
express this much disregard or hate and
you know unsubscribing or whatever you
are doing but like you know this was the
community I'm a good community and a
awesome community and I still love you
guys and I still appreciate all the
people that participate in this
community on a regular basis but we will
give you the results off you see we're
gonna and people I read a comment and
someone said like it's like somebody
turned off that the power during a TV
show or a movie wouldn't that upset you
guys if this is a movie we have not even
barely scratched the surface think about
it if if the results of that test for
positive Ana would be pregnant therefore
we would wait a certain amount of time
before that we would share that news
with our family and friends and at that
point obviously you guys would be in on
it because it's the vlogs ain't gonna
stop it's gonna keep on going and you're
gonna see it and that's gonna happen if
that didn't egg the results off the
pregnancy test or no I would not be
pregnant and she might be upset and
sensitive about that situation like most
people who are trying to have children
might actually think that because we
live under public we live
there and we are we are here for you
people to scrutinize victimize and
whatever you feel but whatever you're
saying whatever hurt you're doing don't
attack other people don't attack the
people that come here all the time
because they're in a community that
we've helped build open this is all just
getting out of control and go back to
our regular viewing schedule tomorrow
but I just felt that I was sitting there
and these comments were flying in and I
was just like I don't want anybody I
don't want anybody to be upset you know
I just don't want that this is this is
this is entertainment this is an
entertaining this is YouTube guys you
know there's no need for anybody to get
like upset about it you know like if you
follow me on Twitter don't think
anything I say seriously if you follow
me on Facebook do not take anything I
say seriously ever
I signed me never take me seriously on
the blogs on Twitter on you unless you
know me in real life and we're sitting
here and I have my life my grown up and
all right yeah yeah okay so this is this
is a pretty serious situation that right
that doesn't happen much but you know
that's what I'm being serious guys vote
for me and I'll is like come along now
come along now Pond
so I'm putting me do you want to vote me
for the Shorty Awards just kidding guys
let's say can't we all just get along
huh
