good morning clan welcome to the
situation I'm trying to sneak out of the
house well I don't know why
thing about keep out the more annoyed
you got at the fact that this is oh wait
old man Thank You Jonathan Oy okay I'm a
fan of you two as much as anybody else
but every time I connect my Apple phone
to my car and I haven't got Spotify or
some thought bring in defaults playing
you to that gets annoying after a while
okay it gets annoying after a while just
saying and you guys have a problem
harp is your other music I don't know
why maybe it's just like automatically
Apple just I don't know how that happens
but I'm not even I've changed phones a
few times is so happen anywho Z watch
this I'm off to collect Erica the new
nanny babysitter lightsaber explored an
error and she's fresh from crises I
probably writing all weekend near
pictures to be followers to them it
looked crazy
so by quite a party since I was at home
with my children
hahahaha
you know go get him go get her we can
get this get this day started get this
party started in here a pink
over here this is where I always Park
right while I'm waiting for Erica I
wouldn't say partners where I sit but
last week in the comments to result
dramas drama is kicking off because that
means like you part industry was very
that disable play there factor disabled
a there I am basically parked at the
bicycle rack I'm not even part I'm just
sitting here but I am at the bicycle
rack I would never park in a disabled
Bay guys oh my goodness and if any of
you out there who don't have children
ever part in a baby whiner
I will come and I will eat your car mama
that is an equal crime perfe no where is
this where is this Erica I ordered by
origins and Erica where is she so lungi
just when you don't see something a
video don't presume to rule but you do
know mMmmm jobs I downtown JA signs also
what I was she six miles us it's now
turkey mince I hope the old cars and
also start situational Texan well thanks
I'm on Peru Texas good morning so unless
ya is wearing a new outfit today okay hi
everyone I'm the pretty baby she looks
so cute I think I think this was sent to
our P o box by pretty sure it was the
brand called tight clothing code at UK
and I think it's organic cotton that
they use super soft and I think they
sent one to her and one to Amelia I'm
not sure where me as one is actually
might be in the spin room it's crazy
like there's just so much stuff
everywhere um the media well that's for
you so people have been asking me like
why how about you started putting her
infos and the reason is I already
started with him you know and she was
like three months that's when I started
like I think she wore her first bow when
she was carried out of the like her
coming home at set but it was massive on
her head and then I kind of didn't put a
bow on her until she was about three
months because I remember that's when
her she started getting like a little
bit bigger
whereas unless
is smaller baby so her head is really
tiny so sometimes when I put the bows on
her they like these ones which were my
favorite for Amelia the ladybug ones
this if they're just too big for her
head but ladybug designs don't leave
these as well so I think I'm going to
try one of these on her because they're
a bit smaller I think maybe one of
things to do with the reaping
maybe this way I would look to you or
this one actually let's see what we can
do here hmm
okay you can't really see but say hi hi
this is what it looks if you recount
seeks I'm not the wrong angle I've got
her in the wrong hand to be able to show
you let me show you in the mirror you
kind of see she looks cute she looks so
cute that's good and see what immediate
detroit okay hi the bow why oh hi
Eduardo hi
so eric has over and she brought some
sticker books how are they guys you
happy yeah well she brought her book
you've got loads of toys Eduardo what do
you think of last year's bow can I get
oh my goodness sense I am working my bum
off today so it is an opportunity I
can't tell you the name and a brand
and because there's a lot of people
pitching it's probably I can open briefs
to wear to a lot of agencies but I
really trying hard with this friend in
French Channel and it's a really big
opportunity so I made a whole animation
pitch to this big brand about me and
creating an entire season like in a
season of a series on the channel where
I create the whole animations of
episodes huge big thing work in a while
and just extent it all off there to
submit and they'll be such a good
investment for the channel hopefully
they always mean that I could bring on
more people to help me generate more
content and to build a series I'm really
excited about I don't know if I'll get
it you know that's the nature of the
beast you know you can't to make
pitching for for shows and to try and
get commissions but you don't only get
them you know this is not a security or
anything by the way this is friendliest
friends series production animation
stuff but hopefully you're going to see
it on the channel in the next month or
two if you see like a big brunt you will
know it you will know it and you see it
you'll just be like well done Jonathan
you pitch hard for that hopefully I get
a friends I really want to I think it'd
be cool anyway just like that's why I'm
probably how do you have any meeting
this blog today I'm not sure I've been
just sitting here there all day long
working on this let's check out idea
guys you get a graft you want something
you'll work hard for it don't listen to
anybody
head down things will happen things will
happen okay you guys have known you've
got a lot of you guys I've seen me with
Sigourney Jolie's for a long time so you
kind of people have joined the channel
now and you're thinking of setting up
YouTube
look what I'm doing all friendlies
friends because a brand new channel but
I just started this year and it's taking
a hit I mean you get to watch the
journey it up from the start and
hopefully please you know please go
watch them I know it's not for you guys
but what does help is that if you guys
just watch the videos what do you like
them or not if you just watch them
it helps the videos get recognition by
popularity and then they get syndicated
and and YouTube kind of delivers them to
the more audience that I'm trying to
capture which is you know young kids and
young people and you know what maybe
some other people might watch them too
you know that last video is very mighty
boosh drops to the box we're not me nut
job of a cup of tea it was also like
Flight of the Conchords the humans are
dead
I tissue it anyway that's my inspiration
Mighty Boosh Flight of the Conchords
friendly is French so where is there but
anyway yeah we just watched videos but
just watching them but just supporting
me but just watching them for me and
sharing them it really helps you don't
know me now yeah you know really helps
get a get get the videos out there and
get them circulating get them popular
and stuff like that and hopefully go to
subscribers and hopefully grow the
channel yeah bye I'm excited about a
friend I'm also doing this little thing
I'm making my kissing what am i doing
goodbye I feel so bad I have not really
blogged properly today Erin I came over
and then I don't even know I didn't work
it this morning oh it's Lucy which I
keep forgetting but I did I don't know
why why thoughtfully why shouldn't why
not funny wake up and wake up honey
oh she's like look another sorry hi he's
loving your Bella thank you yeah Oh Jo
quick little update so we there's a lot
of stuff that like obviously goes on we
don't talk fair that we don't show a
blog whatever and there was a lot of
stuff that was been stressing us out
like as a not even as a family but just
like Jonathan and me feel kind of bad
for the whole family Nell but we made a
decision and so basically at were nose
task force out of date and we had said
to ourselves that we were not going to
let anyways task force go out of date
before
like our next trip away because it's too
stressful like kind of because you know
going to London and like deal with tasks
for office and it's just early embassy
and it's just very very stressful when
you do it last minute and I hate it
so we made like a pact when why would
San Francisco with the last year that we
wouldn't like let it get to last minute
ever again so we were like okay let's
just do it word was now because it's
about to run out to reg to Eduardo and
then we just erratically booked we
weren't going to take a holiday this
year sporadically just booked a holiday
and last-minute and it was going to be
in like two weeks
time which is fine I really wanted to go
but I did really want to go and I wanted
to bring the whole family
and like the kids that's what I feel bad
for but then it was just getting too
stressful and like a lot of things are
just up in the air at the moment a lot
of things that were on the moment and it
was just something on top of all of
those things so Jonathan and I today we
were like I can just cancel it like you
don't lose anything and cancel it so
we're still within the time or whatever
and so I was like I'll just cancel it
like licious cancel it just doesn't make
any sense like we're just getting
stressed it but passport thing and
stressed out about other things and it's
just not worth it I was like you know
when you're really stressed about
something and then you just like you
flick a switch you like do some things
that just cancels it all out like just
erases it like when you realize that you
can actually do that it just makes it so
simple and like so easy I mean obviously
I know not everything is like that but
like there's something there is a switch
that you can flick there is a big screw
 you can flick and it could just be
gone even though it seems like more
complicated in your head it's actually
very simple so I just cancelled it and
then as soon as I did it like a big
weight was lifted off I know this sounds
really stupid and like first world
problems and people are quite it in a
comment being like oh my god like you
should be happy that you can even afford
a holiday but like us not the point the
point is sometimes you have to just
realize that it's not worth the drama
and not worth the stress and I just
wasn't you know like what's the big deal
there's going to be tons of holidays
going to be tons of you know family
trips it's not that big of deal I am
part of me is really sad but another a
bigger part of me is just relieved
because it was just too much like
anything there's too many things going
on so yeah I'm sad but at the same time
I am relieved
oh we just blasted open up a very okay
okay
I kind of don't want a mediated water to
know as well because like they were
looking forward to it I mean not majorly
like they didn't really they really
won't know if I don't say anything still
you know I feel like we would like to go
away maybe in like a half term than
Johnsons like we can't go in after
Micah's workshop so hard sometimes
because you work really hard and you put
your jobs or your careers first and
everything but then you kind of
sometimes forget to have like how many
time like just doing and I'll think
that's what I want to do for like 10
days to nothing
start with it what all day but I will
come definitely always know what I'm
saying anymore just feel like people are
going to hate on me because I'm talking
about taking a holiday anyway yes yes
yes you're so you don't need to kill me
kisses kisses oh god it's so long it's
all alone
so long problem anything goodbye
Oh
