hey guys oh look I'm wearing my new top
that I got from my mom yesterday and I
loved it now it's this one right here
the knitted one jumpered and then I
cannot share it honestly
I'll probably do an effort up today cuz
this mother
for others we don't see it 2013 guys
it's Friday it's a turkey - January
what's going to happen in a Montana
there's no ID on together but never know
what to get him
a minor
he's like the worst if you guys have any
idea
please let me know if you
I can't think about good he's gonna be
32 I know he doesn't look at but he's
gonna be 32 or when you look at it
backwards so you guys let me know
because now I'm not a mature grown-up 32
year old you know I mean I'm mature
childish very junior I don't see things
like a new part because I can't afford
the box on my birthday I want a a brand
new car parked outside don't send
anything
do you imagine I designed your car keys
when I get wrapped up in a box like you
could have knitted in your slot yeah
don't send anything one is in the
McCleary that's fine that's very nice
already love sorry but we do not need
anything from anybody so please don't
feel obliged to that's not what the peel
box is for
we love getting your letters there cards
joining them yeah read drawings like we
love those kind of things so you don't
have to spend money on please don't just
like favorite and watch the videos that
end that is that is all you need to do
that's the only participation I want in
life
okay so we love you guys and we really
appreciate you and we I actually was
thinking about this yesterday I was like
because I feel like I forget to say it
because I kind of just like take it for
granted or I feel like you already know
or whatever but and I think Jonathan's
probably better at telling me things
like that but
I personally do really appreciate like
every single one of you who watches and
comments and like sends messages and I
wish I could get back to everybody and I
tried really hard like I try so hard you
guys know like if you've gotten a reply
from me before I do reply but I just I
can't lie to everybody though I'm sorry
but I appreciate every single one of you
as though I'm very happy because I'm
wearing my new jumper and I think it's
very nice I Jonathan gave me a complete
comment on it this morning it was like
oh thanks for the compliment give her
that's what good husband's do yo look at
this with her horrible way to be lived
in this country I don't know oh guess
what guys we're going to Sorento again
basically my cousin Valentina
came over and she was on the vlog yeah
you might have seen her in a club or
something no yeah you did see her
thought that she was she was like
welcome to our room
but anyways she is getting married and
she's getting married and that date
blows from ceremony talent and Grammy
nominees
yeah and we're invited and we are so
excited because we're gonna stay in
Sorrento just cuz it's easier and then
like obviously problem for the wedding
and family stuff and I'm so excited I
love my family I love like
just being there I get really emotional
just thinking about it but I love going
there because it's like my dad said if I
decided the phone I'd love that but you
know what I mean like my dad's not there
anymore so I just feel like
I'm so excited guys and my mom just
booked her flight that I'm she's always
look quite prepared so she's trying to
figure out accommodation now and we
don't know we might staying together
we'll see but oh my god my hair isn't
like so we're trying to figure that out
but it's gonna be in June so it'll be
like near enough to where I'm not ready
kind of mirror you're not first reaping
day either it's it's gonna be really
really hot just all I think so so
excited I just want to like go there and
eat the night yummy food hola GP Oh
let's make it a goal to go back to Italy
every year yeah
well I was gonna try and do it for this
for our anniversary thing but I was a
bit like close so we're really looking
forward to that and let us know are you
guys going away
what's your holiday plan or if you're
having a staycation what are you doing
alright haven't even funded yet let us
know guys look what I got from the body
shop I seriously love the free show up
so much but look what I got I got stuff
from their new choco mania range which
is for Valentine's Day and oh my god
guys look at this stuff you just want to
smell this like this smells and looks
like chocolate pudding this is what it
is it's an exfoliant body scrub this is
their body lotion this is amazing they
have shower cream and they sent me a lip
butter I think yeah lip butter yes I
love these things and love the things
that smell delicious and oh my god it
shows you like everything that it's made
I love and like look it says like Brazil
nuts aloe leaf coconut soya beans sugar
cane olive oil from Italy oh my god I
love this so much thank you buddy
oh this is a man's job I swear to God if
you don't wipe your feet when you come
in I will kill you
maybe they'll talk to her
yes go website Cena's going to your
peepees to your PP bedside oh you know
what
dribbling oh yeah she's like whoa free
food seriously guys this stuff is
amazing oh my god I cannot wait to do a
review on that like seriously
huh wifey wifey wifey wifey wifey whoa
whoa wait beginning is brightest day
what how could I just take them off no
take one off and then put your foot on
what am i make it over to the Titan I
swear look what you okay
it doesn't matters freakin hate my house
not being like yeah yeah we need like a
second Matt that's like our problem
anyways guys I am like beyond excited
some things I think Jonathan's we're
gonna steal everything on me though
honey I wanna eat the pudding yeah me
too but no you know what this thing is
for the shower oh no I'm gonna smell
like a chocolate pudding okay
just warning you guys and we got this
from Benny who also gave us damnit a lot
of other things but this is so cool
because she actually was like really you
know attentive and like listens to what
I was seeing recently because she sent
me three those spray bottles or like
pump bottles for remember I was telling
you guys I needed to spray my my
light I don't know if you don't remember
them then whatever I was think I needed
to spray them with water you didn't have
a spray bottle so thank you so much
funny though it was really nice and she
sent a card and everything as well so
that was very sweet of her and oh she's
from Indonesia let me put this up here
okay so um thank you so much I know now
we're gonna go out for lunch
come on treat me in uh tell em cheese
cuz we don't ever stop going out like
fern for food and stuff but I think it's
so gloomy and everything I think we
could just quiet so we're gonna go out
for lunch and it's one run to my
birthday so obviously you guys think you
do
oh yes well go to it we should go to
Walker Mama's for your birthday
so we have what it's like I saw you
looking at the garden
I know you need to go she's so like no
it's raining and I don't friend you want
to come good good one go on good dogs
that's close look do you see those two
lumps of hair that's for me I threw them
at the window because I think they go
away in the winter like birds that's
what my mom used to tell me when I was
small that birds used the hair for their
nests and I used to like imagine these
birds using my hair and look like
amazing
yeah my hair is in two clumps right
there and they're on our own are not I
am not being in my own Ian Quinn
Changez move further reductions all sale
coats 119 RS did you get a sample walk
pass it beeped me don't beat it beep at
me thank you sir
that's just gonna cost you 120 heroes
now so what do we get
trying to go to you and the baby I think
the bagel bar I think I will not get a
bagel from the bagel bar Genoa I ran on
Twitter yesterday that they're actually
in recession or receivership
receivership means when the company is
shutting down am i doing that yeah they
were it paid all of my back
oh my goodness
these some suggestions or where we can
go now guys now
munchies oh my god
I'm kind of boarded avanza barkless I
never get a bagel from the bagel bar
okay let's see maybe it's all changed
this time round yum yum
look II didn't actually feel more like
normal bread nice did you get
to a shallot oh my god is that chili
sauce oh my god you can smell a chili
jealous jealous oh my god noticed a man
point em food places like totally
changed look good Tobago par now look
see how different it is and look at
different KFC as plus just like a new
sort of was like oriental food or some
like that this is a whole new place for
them you know if you're not from
Kourtney you know I'm talking in that it
isn't making a difference - but
everything's kind of changed in here
which is kind of cool though I really
like it plays with empty today which is
nice oh that's what it is all right
let's eat this up look I didn't even
come on like Brad it came in like fun
right now I said
yeah yeah I would like if that was
cooked like I ran here I was almost
gonna bite the og this morning then I
found my old gym bike and I have like a
big bonus huh good thing I don't go to
the gym anymore I just realized that you
know I will we will though whenever we
find one in our locality if I don't want
to drive to Middleton whoo firming
butter which one is it
um see I had this one a minute now you
have a new pump
with this one software which is the one
that you're informed
oh no I like there's none of these yeah
so that one
skin therapy hmm this is all a bit
complicated I probably just get normal
butter you know and just melt it and
just pour it on yourself
it seems cheaper not stupid
would you perfect you're not prepared
these things the little pomp ones the
pumps I think the pumps are better no no
I like a pump well I suppose one in a
shower
where do you put it in the shower Oh Oh
laughter see that's where I scream if
you need to get some of that what's this
sound like real honey you know we'll get
the best one whatever the best one is
what's that one that seems right
Burt's Bees why is everything to move
bees really expensive
oh my got a honey-do I like these are
the expensive as well 14 euros will be
real I get it then
you not get a big one maybe you can buy
it online
oh yeah what is the best caffeine free
going routine let's specify on him just
when we get the moment it's the orange
and load this one but I remember we
loosely got one that was talking plate
you know we're looking at going right oh
is it gonna taste different not the
Lions weren't whining pure green Oh
kipper decaffeinated green tea yeah but
what the hell is white tea
it had a white kid
so you kind of want a flavored window
you know because the one we have now is
like lotus flower and orange and stuff
like that but I want to feel free enough
over camera mile pure it doesn't specify
that it's a caffeine free though
naturally caffeine-free okay
memory okay here come up I'll look how
my let's teach I don't a detox tea what
I really want is that one oh there's
some lotus flower Odinson Lotus Otis a
lotus flower but in ginger I like lemon
this gingers are they're happy
oh my god cinnamon cinnamon and spice
Apple oh yeah are they all cup now she
caffeine free ok let's try all the
caffeine free ones because last time we
got there obviously the caffeine ones
yeah okay boom boom chicka give me boom
chicka mm-hmm give me a boom chicka one
more more homes
are they caffeine free oh I said LeBouf
oh ah mysteries LeBouf but let me live
mysteriously bouche
if you know I'm talking about checking
the Starlight did you get the light one
or than normal one is that the only Hulu
me they have they don't have another
brand
is it
Oh apple juice shop these chapters
so oranges but we get the old oranges
next one over and the Japanese went
after that boom boom so Anna has already
abandoned me over to Mom's style a test
and I was left here well I think she
rent a couple of hours ago but I was
like oh wait a video comes lives we can
share it and stuff like that and stuff
like that no oh oh goodness oh goodness
like this seriously like ties the
Kardashians guys like look III I'm
entitled to say what I want and we were
entitled to share what we want when we
want to but you know when you see this
when you see like 400 Commons of hatred
or something and all these dislikes and
all this stuff it kind of makes me think
like I'm glad that we did choose not to
share it then just like what this Frank
like if you're all supposed to be our
friends like our subscribers tonight why
are you so I look at all this like what
oh boy oh boy
so ever made trap 1az am I saying that
right
amazing oh my god it's not amazing oh my
god this oh we did a vegetarian the
light yeah get into the vegetarian food
I said that I was like I hope it's not
making something meaty and I was like
what I know cuz the last time I whenever
you don't eat meat for ages now you do
it makes you crazy it does
can your mom made their lamb dear today
oh yeah
sick for hours yeah cuz I'm so used to
not eating it now see now I don't think
you're supposed to eat the cat food okay
you enjoying that huh
this is a slight cuts no minor is no cat
food there
well you cleaned up you got it all good
job
it's all gone your voice you guys ever
seen a Portagee this time I run the job
the joke is groans look at these things
Portuguese tarts
oh it's a custard oh my god we should go
to Portugal
yes that's reported these people are
from not Portugal is guys what I got a
porn it goes for the galleries corner
Ichigo a teenage spook Portuguese in
Puerto Rico this book Luis spoke in the
Greek cool they speak Rico Rico and you
guys from Puerto Rico or Portugal and
have you had a Portugal tart so yummy
where to give them in Jose I did thank
you very much
this video has been sponsored by mamas
doll light sponsored did you add your
dinner was amazing yeah that's it
that's it sir that's the Jamie Oliver
30-minute whoa whoa Liam it's got a very
strong garlicky occupation and that's
mm-hmm it's a lingering well both the
pesto and way the sauce oh it's
beautiful
did you try what they call again trap on
easy trap on the bus but luck attendance
it's not mess around a DJ oh oh hey Papa
Papa Papa Papa means Pope yeah
so dad means Pope in Italian accent you
can make a relief you could say my dad
is the Pope by mistake
let's get some tea let's try out the
fancy tea you guys know what is the
fancy tea so much cheese in there
jeez Andrew alright which is the M would
you guys recommend would you favor one
come on kinda orange mango cinnamon
camel my spiced apple African honey bush
and mandarin orange African robo
strawberry and vanilla kill my honey
vanilla mm-hmm I think I will go with
that way if I talk really slowly
yeah wait oh God the kick some tubers
tuber tricks
come on keto toh Liam Liam what is it
Noah I'm actually yeah guys you know I
pan out I'm so excited what 30 rock is
back oh I love turn around I love the
comedy it's so clever it's so clever and
the office is back and Parks and Rec is
back and just a good so all the shows
are back you know for Christmas I was
starved for entertainment
actually I just spent most of my time on
YouTube just watching like everyone's
content - loads of channels and stuff
but now I'm like you know you're like
cuz that we have like the air in
internet TV so like you can like stream
and stuff and stuff unnatural TV but I
was like on come along come along the
pond and then finally all the shows are
back nice what is your favorite favorite
show on TV don't off let the comments
and it says the Kony Jodie's but if
you've got to I understand because I
guess today is kind of the best show and
the internet isn't it second third top
top 10 top 100 shows it's gotta be gotta
be I mean that's voted for me have you
guys been waiting for me on the shorty
awards thing told me because at the
moment I think I'm like fifth or sixth
or something like that she'd always just
above me don't tell him because I don't
him tell anyone else cuz he tells all
his followers then he'll have like a
million ahead of me but if you there's
nothing to see over here okay the links
down below and really appreciate it will
be awesome because then we can have a
New York Meetup okay and that have some
Twinings tea roll the credits what do
you mean there's no credits Oh bro the
ND thing that you click on to watch
other videos yeah
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
