not joking but this is probably the
worst I've ever felt in my entire life I
think I have some sort of a plague or
something okay so men tend to over
exaggerate but like I don't know I meet
again yes there he goes lamb or
something like oh my goodness it's so
crazy because ever since like not eating
meat like being kind of vegetarian like
they're honest whenever I do eat meat
it's like oh my god at that time I had
the lasagna but this time it's like my
life so let yourself know get some soup
it's gonna help the situation
come on zippy and I'm sorry if I'm
bringing you down on your day like
telling it as it is yo so horrible like
you guys remind me next time not that
you probably can in time but I'm honest
it'd be super their thing now he's
Bernie's but you can watch that that's
easy enough
can he just up hopefully I don't make
everything better cuz I got like no
people don't say justice system was
having like some sort of a freak attack
I can't digest bite me my little wooden
spoon
it's like he'll have the baby wooden
spoon I'm going to go out with my mom
later and I just need to get some stuff
but Jonathan's not feeling very well
good girl but Joe fish isn't feeling
very well and um I don't know did he
catch whatever I had her I don't know um
but he just feels kind of bad and plus
he had red meat yesterday when he had
the lamb at my mom's house which we like
we forgot about you know like I didn't
have it cuz I have beingness but I just
kind of forgot that he can't or he
thread meat anymore apparently yeah he
had the red meat the lamb yesterday and
then he woke up this morning or know why
she last night she felt terrible and he
came home so poor Joe kisses perfect
she's sick but he also feels like he has
some kind of a cold or something so that
really sucks I hope he does not get sick
we are actually really lucky because we
both work from home but kind of always
been like this anyway look even when we
did it like we both of us are we must
have reading high immune systems or
something - cause we hardly ever get
sick like we would get sick like once a
year and that was it like I've never
been in the kind of child even when I
was a child like I've never been like
sickly or anything like I've always been
pretty strong like even when other
people would get like tummy bugs and
stuff like I wouldn't so that's good
hopefully we pass that on to our
children um I think this is done I'm
having vegetable soup and
put up cried
so yeah the I'm gonna go I think
shoppings a little bit with me long she
pick up some stuff and yeah and I have
to edit my video and put up my blog post
and alright all that fun stuff
no it was like well I think she's dating
grass actually yeah you know how they
eat grass and when they do it if there's
their tummy is upsetting anything and
then it makes them throw up but she's
been kind of acting hey Xena don't eat
it and then she tries to eat her second
who did wonderful it's nearly as bad as
when she ate poo and then threw it out
up so she had throw-up whoo so great for
like a lunchtime
treat my language okay I need to rescue
her from inside so another light bulb
blew and right now you guys are probably
like oh my god it's so dark in here so
I'm really sorry but I thought I'd like
to turn this thing on and open the door
but that doesn't really do anything that
just looks messy
and the whole kitchen is a mess look at
it Nanni's we were washed up well it's
actually not as bad as it looks because
everything's like all over the counter
and it's dark in here so super getting
me and like weird anyway from chopping
with my mom we got some stuff from Zara
some stuff from French Connection which
I will show you guys actually lighting
but oops this is the top hold on let me
just grab it so I can show you guys
properly that's the top I don't know if
you can even see that but it's kind of
like a long cardigan but then it's got
like silk sleeves and great now it's
just on macro for some stupid reason I
swear this camera sometimes it gets
pretty good quality and stuff but it
like won't focus there we go okay so
that's that and then my mom also got me
oh she got you coffee she got you coffee
and she got me this jumper it's really
really cute
it's kind of like cropped blue I know
the lighting is crap guys I'm really
sorry but and that's pretty much it and
then I just got some stuff I just had to
get some other boring stuff and that was
it and I didn't film anything because
the music was really loud everywhere and
like I'm always really scared of fully
copyright and stuff you know but I'm
making on the asparagus tonight with
pasta and I've never made this dish
before
I've never even cooked asparagus before
so we'll see how this turns out it
should be interesting I've got all that
ingredients kind of laid it but we know
but it looks super yummy and I can't
wait to try it now and see what it's
like because it's just asparagus
spaghetti egg and Parmesan garlic I
think that's it olive oil super simple
so we'll see how it turns out and I will
show you guys this time I promise
so I'm boiling the asparagus now that's
what it looks like
I had smells so good I love asparagus I
think Jonathan likes to actually that's
kind of why I made it because he doesn't
like broccoli and I love broccoli but I
can't really make it not much because he
doesn't like it but I'm gonna try and
find a way to make it that he actually
likes it
oh my god it's not so good but anyways I
never cooked asparagus before how weird
is that
so if you're curious the recipes that
I've been kind of using lately have been
from here which is skinny taste calm and
it's really really good and this is the
dish I'm making as you can see I've
already done something wrong I've cut up
my asparagus hard to small but that's
okay I don't think that really makes a
difference but I was fine really this
doesn't mean the picture hmm but anyways
um it gives you like the calories and
everything but I don't usually sticks it
in fact I usually do Stoffel because
it's for like people who are trying to
lose weight or it's for anybody but like
it's it's healthy recipes that's the
most important part but I usually double
it cuz like for example this recipe I
think has for like one serving it's got
it's four servings per for this recipe
and then each serving is like 227
calories which is really low and it's
good it's good if you're losing weight
but I don't want to lose weight so I'm
gonna just double it and have it like
for two people it's not make sense so
good girl so what I'm gonna do is wait
for that to cook
so we can have to wait like five or six
minutes something like that and then
cook the pass down and then saute the
garlic asparagus and all that stuff yes
on the egg I think I'm not sure yeah
we'll see but it smells delicious if
you're interested and check out that
website skinny taste because one of you
guys sent me there I can't remember
we're 20 it was I'm sorry but thank you
to whoever it was because that it's
amazing it's a really good website so
definitely check it out this is how it
looks
oh my god I'm so excited okay dick jokes
is his for the moths ready yay there you
go
kind sir Joel fizzes fake sick just give
it back to me sick hey yeah what's that
ringtone I hear I feel so bad I don't
feel so bad
sick oh please what he's like 24-hour
things and it'll be gone soon cuz I hate
just like sweating for no reason giant
edition so I'm sorry if this is a short
vlog today guys please forgive me it's
gonna spend for Esther today drink loads
of green tea with lemon grass once we're
all set her green tea which gathers like
does I have to go here often
then I'll it was gone all day long with
her mom so the my lonesome lonely long
me she sucks
to be lonesome lonely lonely but uh I'm
just gonna climb I got a couch
you can't beat this thing and hopefully
tomorrow back to my usual how do I go
look yourself I'm open I mean I'm I'm
taking comments of sympathy hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
