I just filmed my rachel bilson lookbook
thingy had to dress like her thing and
guys oh my god it is stressful to make
fashion videos I'll tell you that
like I always turn into some kind of a
monster like the people and my family no
I'm coming a fashion video they know to
stay away well actually I see that don't
but they pretty much know that mom goes
a little bit crazy she's filming fashion
video because I have to go outside of my
room because my room is too small to get
a full-length shot excuse me um so
basically I have to go outside of my
room and like set off the tripod
everything outside of it and then like
film inside my room but that means that
like I can't close the door so anybody
makes a noise and um I should believe
actually know if I left in those bits I
would get so many hater comments because
you should not get happy shut up you
know like I get dirty to a monster like
Jonathan maybe I don't
everybody fears me when I'm making a
fashion video it's terrible one of my
goals this year should be to be a nicer
person well I am a nice person but like
sometimes I feel like I just lose my
temper like really quick um when I get
stressed out well one of my new year's
resolutions was actually to stress less
so kind of goes hand-in-hand with that
I'm really liking these by the way these
are the food doctor ones um I really
really like them they're kind of like a
lot harder or something than the others
then micro regular bread we don't do a
lot of veggies clearly yep tomato and
you go Merc so um yeah I don't know a
lot of stuff to go in this savage and
guess what it's - its - and I'm eating
lunch at - usually it's like four but up
I'm trying to get more like unschedule
and stop with like you know waking up
early not very good that but um yeah so
I filmed everything this morning I feel
great because now everything's done and
now I'm gonna
my lunch and just made some tea and just
relax and edit me but I hope you guys
like it or the people that are
subscribed to me anyways because uh I
didn't put a lot of effort into and like
that I prefer doing a prefer filming
fashion videos but fashion is like my
first lost like makeup kind of comes
second but um I thought missing
losing my train of thought I love making
fashion videos they're like my favorite
ones to make but they are so much more
hard work then then makeup because or
beauty or anything like that because for
that you just have to sit down and like
basically you can be left alone but for
fashion it involves wardrobe changes and
oh yeah as other thing I'm sweating look
I was sweating for life and like the
bright light and everything and then you
change the voltage times and it's just
like being in a stressful situation like
which follow like when and when you're
in a shop and you're turning things on
and nothing fits right and you get all
sweaty that's kind of what it's like a
little bit but anyways I'm gonna have my
lunch now what a busy morning it has
been you guys may or may not have
checked out my vizio which I'll put up
yesterday which I just finished now I'll
have to reread it evolves because there
was a problem after this rocket it but I
have two rear end right now but I yeah I
just try something different because
every time I like pullo's effort into
doing stuff you know and people always
like oh just tripping back you just be
yourself like I'm like okay fine I'll do
a show bye for now see this is a showman
is what I am you haven't checked it out
links there it's not a job to Jolie
Channel
um I'm gonna find commits to add oh okay
I'm gonna try and commit to instead of
just sort of like doing it and then like
doing it for a little bit I'm gonna try
and go say one a week you know and then
I may be too weak because it's different
but I'm not gonna say that it was you
see how cold see what goes oh yeah cuz I
noticed when I did this I live video a
lots people were like really enjoy then
you know update I am you're all saying
like oh yeah you really funny but they
don't really like you wanna watch didn't
want to watch blog ADIZ and stuff where
that isn't you long and stuff so I was
like oh well what am i had like another
little thing that was like five minutes
wrong max or something like that you
know what it was just kind of like me
acting the fool as I do
what are you doing so yeah that's
basically what it is um someone just
give me a random topic and I'll make a
random funny video about a random topic
well I'll do you like plenty of facts
and stuff I doubt I'm not giving up on
that but I think if it came against
personality or technical foodie Fruities
I think personality is probably better
no I think oh yeah update update
yeah yeah not good guys not a good
situation
DM give me a tea
can I have the tea please the
mint ones are really tasty but I have to
admit guys caramello ones are not tasty
at all nope they are not tasty at all
nice nice bit of tea action right I see
what you did I like the way you port
that in yeah let's go to comments about
this
it's just leasing Meester least in me is
it I don't even know why do I have a
frame vert because she's just like look
photo frame she's just like the stock
model that they just stuck in there it's
nothing to do with her not buy a picture
of her this is the Commons my job is a
picture of Blade series to be taught me
star it sounds like crazy name unless
coach name is I love your name oh my god
it's so nice I wish I had that name
let's make your teeth look in the team
Oh No why do people put things inside
the door you want this
you have gone already Kayal me hey you
like ah do you like this see that you
have your honey no hi there what are you
doing you do it Bobby let me do it
help me I'll be holy I see you in there
jiminy yeah lb come here come here
sorry old charger sorry sorry
come here Oh would you do it in the
bathroom huh you doing it away yourself
oh thank you cornered in check cornered
and you know it is that right that's
right here is so cute oh you want to
weigh yourself
he's like stepping on the scale okay let
me put this on now
good boy so you're not an awesome
thing that we got for the trolleys nod
we got that Oh
it couldn't put
like chubby fingers hard to get on
those little hearts them
yeah I know
so we don't have it but I think we're
just gonna bask eCos mine actually be
enough for today we may not need a
caution pushing P so please don't motion
poor guy I don't know oh oh my god
so could you just like cam yourself huh
could you turn yourself huh
time for the vlog in your ear look like
it oh my god you know happening ziget
it's the best toothpaste in the world to
get that's under 2 euros this is a
two-year deal but look is a 150 deal on
the total anything we go total
one-eighty-seven one-eighty-seven
one-eighty-seven is the police code for
murder in the United States
Oh what 187 over there over 450 join
that one advanced yeah okay you really
know
sorry Aquafresh Colgate coping each
Obama
you got my mom okay nobody freaked out
okay but this is just a maybe situation
okay but what's that all right now okay
what is the difference because that one
is 22 euros and now one is five euros Oh
turkey turkey knees kind of in the
middle oh isn't it what's the percentage
and I think so is this like a joke
that's two goes no yes oh that's you
don't Robin I guess means that you have
to go to the first and they go right
shotgun pregnancy tests
how many goes to that I mean how many
goes to bottom
oh it's all too
we're going
what if we start with like a cheap one
and see how that works at
and then like work a way up using the
app it's expensive points are you
thinking that's different look the big
name
that's not our pregnancy test
ah that's good
they complicated instructions
it did happen you have to go through the
thing anyways I don't have to take that
from you image it to go over and discuss
it with her friend and then unlock it
and then take it out and put in some
special code all the time you're just
like cooking no it's not purchase please
it's not for me it's for my friends my
friend told me to buy it oh let's go
home and see if it works so it's all
like your best chance to do it is
tomorrow morning everything we're just
like we just do it now we just wait -
yeah exactly 1:00 tomorrow morning I'm
one now just like how can you wait how
can you wait to find out like do it just
do it can I do it I'll do it for you
there's a work of I do it can I pee on
it what do you do like is that you're
scared of it I'm like you you have to
perform see I'm like 50% scared and 50%
excited you know yeah but I'm like okay
I'm knocking it I might just do it
tomorrow morning for the second one yeah
yeah yeah yeah we're just deals one for
fun down / fun just for fun what if it
says whatever it says yes though let's
think about this for a minute
do you just know what stop okay how long
does it take what do you do Dee shake it
three minutes - my god three minutes
what I'm gonna do for next few minutes
invalid results okay
Catina the pianist stream frenzy will
edge and familiarize yourself professor
I just take a moment there to
familiarize yourself with the product oh
my goodness I've never even seen one of
these only ever seen it in the films you
know oh my god 3lb do you know things
it's work everything this is a treat for
him all right so this is what you do
what's the blue part for okay so my
parachute a cap oh the blue part and
place it over the thumb grip
this is very complicated
I thought let's go get a little cup all
right is that the bit that you put the
peepees on oh oh it's got I can absorb
them oh oh you put it at the end what in
case you let it go or something that
falls in Xena yeah yep yep we're all a
little excited
Oh huge illustration is there a
penetration step 1 enter bathroom
hold the midstream has quite a catch
long grip like it's closed absorbent tip
pointing downward directly into your
urine stream for each 10 seconds over 30
mutations kind of funny oh no stop stop
stop not urinate on the test and control
windows you prefer you can earn it into
a clean and right container and then dip
Oh dip it in oh you'll be able how do
you going to get into a container
the mystery of castamere immediately
replace the cap over the internal test
on a flat surface to test and control
windows facing awkward right um I'm just
back away from it then and then we begin
climbing so I need it like a stop what
what in three minutes will allow just go
yes or no test begins to work you may
notice a light red flow moving across
the test control windows 3 through those
at 3 minutes if no colored line appears
wait one minute longer some positive
result may be observed in one minute
last-minute changes
sheesh do not read there's old every 10
minutes why what I was after 10 minutes
what does it say pregnant is line and
line not pregnant is line where Circle
Line valid result is either wise or two
things go sorry
complicated cannot just be yes or no
fine oh my god wait what are you doing
oh my god this is so scary they're
excited they know they know they're
excited stop following me
oh yeah okay well we all have to wait
out here in the waiting room guys oh I
need my phone or something where is it
so my phone it's the least I could do
you see second dude to be involved
nothing to do what we need on inti yeah
oh my god that's the one that's the one
if our children is watching this and
it's his 21st birthday Oh No good luck
see you in three minutes
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa
