somebody's in trouble
somebody's in trouble I think it might
be you not sure of its you I think it
might be you who is in trouble
who's in trouble that 1yp I don't you
sound pretty what it is though it looks
like you but it's very small it's like a
little mouth speed how would we be able
to make it vanish mm-hmm but it's kind
of weird I don't know if that was like
anything that looks more like a relaxed
have any spend anything else maybe she
was like running for the door and then
no so we have this method that really
works
it's called insert foot in massive shoe
grab some tissue paper is it pee you
know what's not pee what is it you don't
rub it in in it's definitely not pee
well then what is it it's pretty strange
you blamed the baby isn't sick but
doesn't look like sense Oh No
kind of unlikely I mean she never
appears in there and well they gonna go
peepees I mean it's like a little mouse
beat maybe you have mice oh that would
be awful and then you apply the vanish
oxy action get your husband your fly and
then you rub it in or well you don't rub
it in but what would I mean you do that
I raise it be gone Livan and then
Johnson likes to do his shoe-shining
method which actually works
it's so weird it works really really
well watch for the shoeshine there you
go
no yeah it really works
where's the Mart guys where's the March
all the time boom call 1-800 mm-hmm it
really works so if you have dogs and
they've do too little boo-boos all over
the house you just need to get yourself
some box that is not where you put you
have to wash it so typical like men do
like half jobs they never do like the
full oh my god I can't this name is gone
yes stain is gone what's the problem
because you'll just put a dirty pasting
spun this up oh my god doesn't matter
take it off the windowsill that's gross
put it under the sink or something but
no no no that's not where it goes now
job done better okay you need the air
into that now because if guests come
they don't want vanish oxy action on
their windows oh we got foul beast you
can't kick me oh my god
we did so much this month in me I need
food I need food okay
prepare me a meal wait I can't oh you
have your chicken
oh my god gave me so many of them but I
don't have any bread I suppose we could
float fish roe liam is no Liam Royal
young but the best kind of ready
pitabread Peter Bratt yeah kind of
boring no healthy for you I like I'm
homemade I like bread in Italy yeah I
was watching a video of right when we
came back from our honeymoon and wedding
and everything and we were both probably
but I know it's been wrong yet
like I was like oh my god I was so tan
yeah I looked so much better because you
know like if you're country but we live
in like a gloomy great country northern
and lately the weather's these are to me
January February and March are like the
most depressing ones they don't like
separate is the best man of the year but
boarding 13 is my birthday your birthday
is February 13 leave a comment and we'll
birthday my fire but I just don't like
those three months I don't I can't even
explain it
they're just the most depressing to me
cuz like I don't know and that's ruining
me
still this is birthday by God in that
one
but if you say that she doesn't
understand get the quarterback zone she
missed it the most ridiculous ever pass
oh my god it's okay
out
he flinches he doesn't like roughs
where's my son
come here boy yeah come here boy come
seriously though I'll be like did you
see that he flinches every time you
throw a ball he goes like yes that's
exactly what he does okay
programming the development that's the
video yeah kind of on the August turn
yes and then sometimes you see Albert
doughnuts that is me and she's like I'm
crazy but um
don't don't Jonathan look at his face he
looks upset
oh boy I'll be damned it CNET go get the
ball fetch the toy oh you never know
sometimes you see Alvin he's trying to
be brave and then he always messes it up
somehow or he gets him stuff himself
stuff somewhere just it doesn't work out
for him and then he just like be brave
anymore like it's so sad he's so cute
but he's always been like that and
Cena's always been the crazy one no baby
you're okay that was there originally oh
I love your hoodie I love here honey
do you mind yeah I think we so cute if
they did thumper dog yeah looks to me
like that
take it and never wear it Seanie always
eat circles I think we need to go to the
shop though because we do food food is a
no Liam we're off but uh foggy I'm a
better mother effing we're all gonna
walk that was more - harmony Park
they're supposed to be double double
double up a Nash come on these knees
it's actually a quite one today well
it's like there's a bit of a chill in
the air but it's actually quite warm but
there's a bit of a chilly but it's
actually quite what does it
hey PS thanks guys for everyone else
nom nom me on the a shorty or thing if
you haven't link is down below we you
have to go make sure to go into the site
don't just like retweet yourself what
you said before can see that doesn't
work and we found that the Hardwick but
what did I say we're saying it we call
it nom nom and I've decided
nominating me well I don't think I
should been assured you work because I'm
short so I've decided tonight I'm gonna
cook pasta fagioli which is not for Joel
wrong it was a actual word he thought I
just made it up because I like pasta
fagioli why would I make it to be pasta
for ciccone Jolie yeah anyway if you
don't know what that is it's just
basically pass time with beans but it
was not just a pot that was really
strange but no it's like it's kind of
like a hearty kind of soup type pasta
thingy and it just sounds very like well
I've had it before but I've never
actually made it myself before so I'm
gonna try it it just it sounds like a
real kind of winter kind of yeah already
have dinner I think it'll be really
warming and everything so cuz I don't
know the days lately have just been so
clean
and it's just like there's this blanket
of like piled weighing on your brain
yeah it's it's kind of horrible like I
would prefer a little bit of blue sky
I'm not asking for much just asking for
a little bit of food spike but anyway so
I have my little list here my cupcakes
and this is so cute I got this from my
sister for Christmas it's a cupcake like
shopping list notepad thingy well I use
it for shopping list anyway and I have
to get cannellini beans vegetable stock
pasta Parmesan wholemeal pitabread
because we have not lunch today yet look
like three videos
darling me in the soup and then popcorn
excitement
I kind of had forgotten you guys went
shadow call my son to me
no no that was online oh it's a treatise
but um I'm at my phone has 2% battery
except I never charged it last night I
forgot like who was that milk 21% now
no battery family no percent but yeah so
oh yeah I kind of had forgotten my
popcorn I kind of stopped eating it
that's what about popcorn oh how girls
like it so I'm hasty yes it is kind of
healthy isn't it yeah but it's really
tasty
you know I suppose like the bad thing
about corn spray like the salt and
cheese or whatever is on it but like
well you just don't get those things you
just love them much because it's like
sometimes it almost feels endless you
know no matter how big it is because you
put into it
popcorn is like a really low calorie low
fat snack so you cannot cheat a lot of
it and it's not bad for you is it just
you know corn on the cob
yeah is that all it is is the dose
things popped and I think so so if you
put corn on the cob in a microwave no
would it turn into now pop corn on the
cob I think not why not don't I think
would blow up we have never put peeps in
the microwave it is what the hell
what's a peep thing it's so huge it's a
peep a chick
maybe but it's a mush all right mushroom
is a marshmallow the marshmallow chicks
like it's not real it's to eat but it
it's a marshmallow shaped like a chick
and you got them for Easter in America
and they're covered in sugar and stuff
like they're so bad for you but explode
in a microwave only anything I mean
anything like that will explode in my
face
no but literally like you it's a little
chick it's actually it this sounds
really sadistic what it does it's not
like that it's like it's it's funny but
anyways it's not real gay but you put
the chick in the Micra other peeps in
the microwave and then you watch it and
it grows into this like massive chick
like it just goes huge and really like a
huge fat chick
can you slow it sounds like a creeper
and you minecraft people sound like a
creeper in Minecraft I love boom yeah
it's it's like it's not a statistic as
it sounds it's actually under that corn
no oh
cuz we got there from when I was saying
can you make popcorn at it it's just
things it's like an Easter treat but I
think it's only in America I don't think
people I've never seen come here maybe
Twitter choppers to replace informants
yeah and you guys his informant I didn't
even know what the name in a straight
high street I don't know it was in like
the main the main square area wasn't it
and it was like a road going up the hill
off the main square in an arcade it was
in yeah yeah but it was the main street
and then it was like it rolled off that
but it was like all it sold was like
American sweets like Lucky Charms and
Reese's Pieces and all this kind of
stuff like that you can't get over here
you can't get here yeah yeah but they I
bet they had them nuts I've never had
these I know an Easter thing so when's
Easter like how he wants to know what
Cornell Tesco it's now that school has
like Easter starting already
like that's kind of sick and then you
guys are puppies in the microwave let us
know yeah let me know if you've done it
and if you haven't done it and if you
can have access to oh they'll be careful
cuz I'm not even sure if that's like I
really lived like we used to do it okay
maybe you shouldn't do it anymore
actually we used to do it and I'm pretty
sure I've seen other people do it and
it's like a thing you know how like that
chubby bunny games and like not supposed
to be safe like oh she choked dying it
yeah everything's dangerous
everything just don't do anything straps
off in a plastic bubble and
never ever just keep it up in there and
watch the sacani Jolie yeah it's the
only thing that's safe that's what you
should do okay I've been excited to try
this since we got it try before you buy
we are going to try and use the magical
trolley device alright pick your charlie
just one okay do it
oh my god I think so no it comes oh my
gosh we try to steal a trolley and you
guys want to buy a Charlie leave me a
comment and it's so cool oh my god this
is so cool thank you so much yeah it
when it deals are gone that upsets me
mmm it's really good but this the skinny
one
it's weird I never seen that before tofu
mints I gotta fire my special
well you like farmers and vegetables so
why not yeah boom dog food and soup
we're sorted we have it all we have
everything we ever needed go get some
halloumi there is a halloumi in our
budget
what about tomorrow
I can't illumi dinner
okay
they say right thanks
look how things are look at the size of
these bags resilient merci
are we thinking who's this one this cuz
they it's gonna nice font on it
have a nice font it's like must be bad
to you it's got an antibonding you guys
are for fun we've sliced lemons
Sherri's we got cannelloni but I get
what about the mixed beans one no no no
no diversion from the plan or diversion
from the list the list obvious the list
is the rule must follow the list
see I like to divert from the list I'm a
bit of a d-lister and all fish turn this
Joe is this Joe
cool new pita breads and what the jury
company I'll get the food doctor one
maybe it's 11 1 expensive no it's not
morally well means you get six six
probably get the food doctor 1 then it
sounds better cheapest doesn't always
bestest see you doctor I knew you guys
eat the food doctor see you guys oh
what's the deal cuz this ASCO
oh that's Multi seed look at that it was
sitting there but like that's the Tesco
is actually 159 yeah yeah well what we
could use you could sell one of the dogs
I don't need to buy that instead and you
guys want to buy a dog
alby's half price oh my god guys
Romero's temptations and I was like a
150 I was like they are tempted look at
this
74 cent now oh my god obviously they're
not selling so they're trying to just
get rid of them not so much okay okay
one by one I'll support you guys Oh
they reduce them to 70 cent Wow yeah
I mean stuck up here stock up under
stocks no that gotta last quite a long
time oh it's this one ready to use it's
already watered and everything
it's the collector I wanted to check
them on under vegetable one little herb
infusion mixer seasoning stockpot like
this one here it's new
I don't know it's very confusing maybe
they're growing up we need to go on tell
us what to do
hey look this is the one everyone this
is the one everyone needs to buy it my
mom used to buy this one look if this is
the noir one instead of that there's
some fancy one or something yeah oh is
that what it is I know
okay um
have fun maybe some bikinis for Java
he's a bit of shaft ease in my life now
239 ORS hey I'll go with this one cuz
they do not stock innocent apple juice
in Tesco for some weird reason they only
stop orange juice from innocence what's
up oh my god no way is that it well on
the good side doesn't good news there's
no VAT increase bad news there's no
popcorn out what about these look
pleasure
oh they're different actually company
didn't actually realize that they were a
different company I thought they're all
the same thing
yeah here's the trick guys right you
wouldn't think it what if you were to
find one big bag of this or a few little
bags the little bit better yeah it's
weird isn't it but for some reason the
little bags are nicer we don't have a
microwave waiter microwave but that's
how corny we don't put our pips in this
Oh like this thing here yeah
oh my God look it's so cheap 1:39 for
all of this
how many popcorns does that make you
thinking is it hard
no hey come here younger oh that's it I
come here young there I miss the only
way we ever made popcorn
what the hell is spooky popcorn what
does spooky taste like you've ever
tasted
without boy leave your comment OHS let's
get the frak out of Pisco I just did my
vlog og interview whatever we call it
I use like moisturizers and face masks
and things very weird but am I love all
the stuff you get though it all smells
amazing
you want to take pictures of it from my
blog should we oh you want to cuz I'm
lacking a post I'm supposed to do and
yes oh oh your post lacking oh I turned
it off I didn't know okey-dokey
yeah okay send out all the stuff up and
I'll take the pictures oh my god this
kitchen smells heavenly
mmm just frying garlic just smells so
good onion garlic and you're gonna make
the broth really excited to try this
because I really liking your mom makes
these type ones yeah yeah the soupy
pastas yeah hey pastor for Joely Joely
hmm do you guys like the smell of onion
and garlic when it's been fried only
beans if you're wondering why this blog
is really long today it's because you
guys are awesome and I thought you
deserved it because every time I look at
Twitter it's like I'm nominating I'm
nominating nom nom nom nom nom
like this or something you know I'm like
holy crap you guys are awesome thank you
so much for all that hard work and let's
do it again tomorrow cuz they need 414
noms to be at the top right but then
like your burner people guys are sharing
it and pushing that's gonna go up so
it's much like I said you know I think I
need about a thousand to like really be
in the running to be nominated and stuff
like that so and then oh yeah that's
just thinking right the thing is on in
New York if you actually win it you get
to go to your house it will do a meet-up
dance a dancing meetup morning even
moving the Stars my glass about some
Nvidia's back to the life I'm excited
and excited
if you haven't seen it explained to the
starlight channel check it out whoa
what's that
oh you dice the beans I thought their
beans are gonna be popped in she's a
trickster
it looks like amperage now or something
frightening purge I'm like partage on my
frying pan hmm yeah you should come over
and check this out pop on by Oh
celery
so Louie agree so I'm cooking my pasta
fagioli and is this the first time that
I've ever made a soup like homemade ever
in my life like I've seen my mom and my
grandmother making them so mouths so
much I've never made a soup before in my
life
like myself from scratch you look so
terrible and supposed to be one of the
easiest things and I was putting
this is actually gonna be easy anyways
I'm just quite but um that's what it
looks like and it smells really really
good I wish you could smell it because
there's tons of like oregano and basil
parsley what else is there I think
that's the OH onions garlic there's just
a ton of yummy stuff in there so I have
to do this I feel it well until what was
it that I figured it oh okay for 44 45
46 47 okay so until 947 it's late cuz
you have a late lunch so you know what
are you doing I gave her some carrot
she loves carrot and it's very good for
the teeth and Jonathan's glossybox video
just probably don't know for it is so
funny
excuse me it makes me laugh so much
because I put like a kind of a dirt not
dirt but like I think that's like she
sorry Xena sorry oops watch that but
yeah I put a kind of dirty affect on it
when I did the frame part down for the
thumbnail and it looks kind of like just
really manly and Mycroft and stuff so
that's pretty cool this is kind of weird
because I've never boiled pasta inside a
soup before so that's kind of odd but
just think I'll I'll hope it works I'll
hope it works
pray for me okay hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
the ass
