I consider today to be like the first
sort of day of 2012 you know it was like
the Christmas trees gone now so it's
kind of like right down to business you
know the first day of work the first day
back the first day to sort of you know
if you've if you've had any New Year's
resolutions or anything you want to
start or end like today is today where
you have to start everything before that
was kind of like okay but you know trees
gone it's kind of like that's it that's
the end of it looks like she's just
sitting outside the window there but
because it's kind of quite let's get
into words hopefully you guys actually
like and appreciated like my friend
that's my that's my other girlfriend you
know that I don't show any videos I keep
her in this room thank you / here walked
up nice and safe all right
I like my skiddy okay let's get to work
I need some shoes
it's shoes pink ones over these ones cup
of tea for milady mix the miracle go
around miracle miracle around just a cup
of tea for milady you're welcome
busy at maths do you guys have busy at
maths orange peels did you already have
one just today yeah fish fingers in the
freezer I know I was all set to go to
the shop and then left and eyes open in
French I was like oh my goodness a fish
fingers I was saved neither going
through with it which is melted hmm
which way you gonna do the video
stuff my slowing the process down be
honest now don't lie to me let me know
if I'm annoying I can take it hmm guys
so nice comments okay plenty nice hey
she's the most beautiful girl Rob
because she is the most beautiful girl
in the world
goodness you are you are the most
beautiful girl in the world I wouldn't
know I've seen all I updated all the
girls in the world oh wait they didn't
have you guys you're the most beautiful
girl in the world you are come on
everyone has these days welcome to my
second office let me just pull up my
chair like I do some a treaty work but I
need this computer cuz it has all the
cheesy stuff on it what I totally forgot
about that because it's not a laptop but
I'm like yeah yeah my workspace is odd I
have an odd workspace guys alright now
where is the stuff let's see if I can
use from compositing now I'm going to
create an indirect illuminated source
using an omnidirectional light
I will cast some shadows using ray
tracing and of course yes you're right
I'm going to use an m/l optical system
and I'm probably going to use some red
acity and maybe some physical altitude
spy is a particle system and I might
reflect what about 20% refraction in
order to create realistic effect right
okay this okay that's me all right I'm
gonna bore you much longer but I will
also eat my fish fingers when they
arrive
I hope they arrive soon I miss fish
fingers do you guys like fish fingers
are you am i are you a fish finger eater
alright if you like to choose between
fish fingers or chicken dippers what
would you choose so I'm guessing
that what I'm struggling with here is a
time of the month freakout but yesterday
I broke it so bad like so toto so Nomad
and it's just gotten worse today and
it's actually like store on my face
and it is my time of the month so I'm
guessing that's that's what it must be
but oh my god like it's so painful it's
like cystic just horrible I can't break
it and I have them on my forehead she's
in the fat as it usually is I got them
like on my chin here at the side of my
face if you can probably see it's gross
oh I'm not even gonna draw attention to
a but seriously like this is awful and I
didn't even like my skin was so clear
this month it was so clear and then just
like yesterday can I started the day
before yesterday but like yesterday it
was like Repat and then today I think
it's I don't know I think it's nothing
worse in some areas and then better than
others done I am just not sure must go
on I have two video today but hopefully
it's a fashion video so my face isn't
really gonna need that much in it it's
gonna be more awake poses and stuff but
it just sucks when you get that like I
mean I'm 24 now and I still get acne and
I've been getting since I was about like
60 well I would say it was probably my
worst when I was like 18
I had it all over my forehead like
really really bad and it's still here
like it doesn't go away I mean I don't
get it all the time anymore but it's
still pretty bad so if I'd seem a little
like not sad but like grumpy or
something in the vlog city that's
probably wipes I'm having skin issues
and it's not fun and any of you guys who
have it no one I'm talking about it's
not fun it's not name I wish I clear
skin but I don't and it's like one or
two about or maybe it's yeah I think
about to harden the day but I just was
trying to give my skin like a break from
makeup I wish I didn't actually have to
wear makeup but I have to film so I'm
just trying to leave my skin with it I
might actually take it all off after
which is kind of a waste but I might
actually take it all off after I stopped
doing because I just want to give my
skin breaks honestly I just don't think
I even should be putting makeup on
outfit so those are the joys of being a
person who cry this makes me happy
this little Maltese it is so cute oh my
god and um
the Christmas tree is gone which sucks
cuz it's kind of lonely inside without
it in that corner but I know we need to
get like a lamp or something so we'll
probably go and like try and find one
this month hurry up it up run hungry I
want to eat you I'm gonna make pita
bread this I've been really liking this
combination rate me just wholemeal
pitabread with soft goat's cheese
cucumber red pepper and cherry tomatoes
and it's really really good actually and
I really like that for lunch lately I
don't know why especially um because I
love goats cheese I could eat like goats
cheese all day so here's the dealio
folks it's been quite a while since I've
asked you guys to do anything for me and
you know do something for you I make a
video and I taught you know what I think
it's time for you guys to work so here's
the thing on my facebook I just put the
add the link here for you now you can go
to my facebook if you want to stick the
link in here or you can go I'm pretty
put a link in the about a video just
somewhere here or something like that or
annotated I'll put a link in so the link
will bring you here okay now I don't
know if this is going to mount anything
or will it go anywhere or more than
likely a wall
today I'll say like you know I look at
every mealtime because they probably
know there's some reason but on the
off-chance guys the off chance that our
little vlog ''tis can actually stand up
against all the big peoples in the world
when it'd be awesome if you want to say
hi or is it I macro nominate at
Jonathan's early for a shorty word and
video blogging because and you can fill
in whatever the hell you want whatever
reason you want to fill it in under the
category video blogging and my you have
to use my Twitter name like that's my
twitter name but he knots how they do it
for some reason he used to Twitter name
thing but it Oh awesome you're awesome
you're an awesome person
oh you've gotten you frayed it away but
yeah it will be super awesome if you
guys could get it would mean the world
it would be a Christmas but oh my god
guys it's my birthday in like 36 days or
something how does it so exact because I
the same thing on Twitter joking about
but like this would be an awesome
present to me not only like even if like
I'm pretty sure like you know the shades
hard to see Eric C or I don't know
whoever else does video blogging thing
and they're all like the big ones and
they're like everyone just vote for
themself just a little guy the little
guy has to win every now and again away
for the little guy
for the Irish to listen how's the board
cousin all vote would you so M don't
mean the world to me guys if you guys
could go and vote for me or nominate me
not even vote and he's the nomination
section and then after a while up the
nominations they're probably gonna
shortlist him or something I have no
idea but it will be super awesome super
I need like I probably need a couple of
thousand to even probably getting the
nomination thing so if you're sitting
there you're thinking like whatever I
hate it even if you hate me this would
hurt me if you hate me don't whatever
you do don't do it no and if you love me
please please from the bottom of my
heart I've never asked you for anything
don't even like this video don't even
like this video don't even favor this
video just going on what is your deal
okay
and when you've done that come back in
like a favorite video
the dance I'll do if I can't nominated
I'll do something what do I do a
decently ridiculous I will I will not
shave my beard until I win a shorty
award okay I'm not gonna win not chance
but even again no I think she's speaking
now it is awesome anyway please just
thanks okay so that up there there's an
actual page now you're gonna go to your
nomination look at the salmon that's so
look it's really easy look make sure you
always are calm for Jonathan Jolly
that's so easy
Wow oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness so I'd only have to do is you
get in here and then you put in with her
oh oh you're awesome to wall window
world you'll put in your dog's name look
I'm gonna make sure to put the big fill
in the because thing though oh my
goodness those of you guys have already
kind of go okay I think you Sunda by
Lane I'll write yours on I'll pay
someone else's in use on elbow in that's
probably last for me is a sick huh mommy
supposed to do so I mean these to me
sickly is a sickly site as a sickly site
so not much is going on today's just
gonna get some food page 50 Netflix with
an Arlen now ah so we can like download
stuff and standing oh goodness
here we take the dogs just as I said it
boom
there's a restaurant the next village
over to where we live
village yeah guys welcome to Ireland but
yeah and they do add they were like you
can order like dinners from them and
they deliver so it's expensive it's
dinner dinner chicken nice that might
make me feel better
Oh someone said I look like Bob from
jackass or by Margarito mark there
whatever but now it's like oh yeah like
that I'll take that one Oh check it I
like it he's cool he's a beard and a
hood Eileen I was a skateboard which I
do not own I was never good at
skateboarding as a young as a young
child what the hell's on a TV oh there's
nothing to see there it's pretty and I
started this is always this always
happens right I come open an idea for a
John majority video I'm always like yeah
Jonathan it is what we're gonna do and
while working on it um I can't we'll put
a better idea and then I'm gonna go
ahead and make that one this week but it
always that way you ever did that like
when you're like I'm gonna like whatever
it is like I don't know making dinner or
writing an essay in school or I don't
know I remember my tsys as well I came
up with a great idea for my teases in
college and I when I was a couple of
thousand words in it completely changed
into something else that came up with a
better idea
it always happens doesn't it normally
this thing's over we never see them
that's what this is for cover sustains
you sit down there now huh
oh yes Nina doesn't like the big lights
sorry
you sit down there now and I will serve
you your food you don't have to worry
about anything for the rest of your life
well for a little while anyway so I'm
sorry I haven't when you've logged on
all today
and well I feel really sick and stuff so
I've kind of been feeling under the
weather even yesterday I was I'm just
like kind of drained or something so I
did um I did film today even though I'm
not sure even how it turned out because
don't be mean she can sit there too um I
filmed yeah but it kind of turned out of
it I don't know I probably look really
sick in it but anyways I did my best so
I do have a video going up today but I'm
probably gonna be late with X I still
have to edit it and it's like 7 o'clock
oh man I usually am using it my videos
up by 9 but that is awesome so that was
a really yummy meal we got it from a
restaurant like Jonathan was saying that
deliver and it's so good because it's
like not bad for you you know it's like
it's like restaurant food and rather
than like take white food it's so good
cuz I can have like passed up meat for
me yes somebody help
um so yeah oh and then I meant to tell
you guys this is like something I
decided like over the last couple of
days I decided that I was gonna start
eating fish again because not like in
huge quantities or anything but I was
doing lots of research on this and I
just decided that it would be better for
me especially if like you know I'm
trying to get pregnant and everything I
thought that just based on the research
that I did eating fish is probably a
good idea because I know that um when I
first went vegetarian
everything was fine the one thing I did
notice though was that I was feeling
kind of tired more often and that's
probably due to not getting enough
protein like I probably wasn't getting
enough protein from like you know beans
and although I do eat beans and
chickpeas and stuff I don't eat like
two reviews very often or you know you
just have to be more careful and you
have to get in like certain things and
you have to be really like diligent
about it whereas I feel like I couldn't
past every single day that's fine but
like I could do a few seafood dishes as
well and that would probably like just
make me feel better and have more energy
and I don't ever I never really had a
problem with eating fish before like I
always is to eat it um I actually was
pescetarian for that whole time that we
were in Italy that week I think I told
you guys that and that's kind of what
made me make the decision to go
vegetarian I know most vegetarians that
I know actually eat fish and I think I
talked to somebody who eats just fish
like she doesn't eat meat or anything
and she said she started doing that
because she actually felt really really
tired all the time and that's why she
incorporated fish Baggins so yeah I just
decided I was doing my research and
about like proper nutrition for like
pregnancy and everything and one of the
things that they said was like it's
really important to get your omega-3s
and not to do it through flaxseed and
instead to make sure to do it through
fish oils and then I was like oh because
I don't get any fish was any more so
yeah I'm gonna start doing fish again
they're probably not in huge quantities
or anything but a big one yeah I'm like
I miss fish you know I never had a
proper just eat food you know like
mussels clams things like that crab crab
yeah what's your favorite seafood mine
you know I love crab and lobster I've
ever had lobster you're lost no that's
the only thing I don't think I'd ever
have though because I I don't really
agree really restaurant yeah the way you
have to in a restaurant you take them no
I would never do that like I'm still
like all pro animal rights and stuff oh
just and I know actually somebody left
me a comment once and she was like you
know there's like an over fish problem
like there's too many fish in the sea
too many fish in the sea
that like it's actually bad for the
environment to not say that's because
they over farm them over populism
they're like making them mate that's the
problem
naturally there's probably enough fish
not at all what caused my white no I
don't like hot I was like no I miss like
um or no I don't even miss it by just I
like Samus sounded them and I know
Salmons really good for you and I just
feel like fish is good for you like I
will never go back to eating me and I
know that for sure
yeah yeah the stable one no oh yeah the
fish company no no not the salmon get
Irwin the fish company with the J it's
um with the pesto and sup I'm talking
about the other fish not the salmon do
when I get into ever bought it mackeral
mackeral check out the macro on my macro
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
