so six hours three is not enough your
language she go guys
the LAN is you go when you're there as
you grow come on come on baby
make that beautiful thing they got a
beautiful thing
okay so it's my uncle's birthday last
night there's this stuff for all the
court and they all went to a party last
night and she is like Oh something going
to might see your house but she doesn't
meet her yet and I was like yes like an
awesome idea at the time and then phone
calls this morning
well there is an adapter tonight it's my
phone he just become a light Nomad was
different times I am on Pacific time
living in GMT time so this might have
the situation yeah
get it in there get it get it into your
Cynthia and you guys stop it
what happened yeah all right get this
stuff into me
let's go collect money I am I would
consider myself a people pleaser
and I beginning to realize that I cannot
please people as much as I really really
really want to make 100% of you guys
happy I don't think I'm gonna be allowed
to do that because you guys want a lot
of videos the shorter videos 25 to 30 or
15 to 20 it was like 30 20 by 30 odd
videos do not like my buddy yes you sit
okay let me go see sure now what am I
supposed to not compute
so I've established economic everybody
happy but I have layered a dam to my
little process of them ridiculous your
editing thing is good but sometimes
scenes might be drawn out and I even
feel that way when I'm looking at them
but then I'm like I don't know I don't
want to ruin anything
so I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna like go in the middle of like
unedited but shall we say we have to go
across on because somebody came with no
food or money always forgot the old
person help you on it okay problem and
normal tea the giant antenna
that girl grades things are all great is
the same as royalties all my god guys
got my back here right Earl Grey normal
tea light and fragrant a pale golden tea
with a delicate flavor of birds Montoya
crap you can't put milk you could put
milk and anything you want exactly old
taste it's not so you want me to get tea
as well
yeah alright let's go guys yes you guys
have to come with me that's my keys now
you guys are coming with me let's go
totally yep see laters Hudson said to
get some berries berries berries back
lines
berries because went back online
original brand I suppose so
oh yeah just found a per se just nice
Justin you're go and cross my husband
bought breakfast is over it Oh mmm
coincidence I think not come along now
let's go let's go folks say goodbye
take a bite to Grandma you're not coming
there to cover two coconuts senior yeah
for two minutes anyway I'll be new so I
have to show them how to get out of
course lost in court lost in translation
it's very sunny today two overs in one
day what is this huh it's all forgotten
about mamas conversing level okay tea
tea please
punch it punch it whenever Lisbon what
more needs as well so you want normal
tea so Earl Grey
that's picky in äôt well I like flower
flavored Lotus an orange flavored green
tea I like my lotuses in my orange of
course you like to send me low just be
nice did you like the Batman cup what is
no cops this kingly but they're all
dirty
there is no cups inside there so many
cups inside there you've got this one
would you parity Islam cheese it
hmm whoa whoa whoa there you sure that's
the cup you want you sure the selection
of coffee is very important so when you
are done in a cupcake using its couple
two guys like you make comments
pick a cup figure cup that's the ones
you got that you got I'll be one see no
one princess one Batman one doggie one
and ocean to City one tea for that's the
ticket sure there's your hot ticket item
and that is the christmasing the house
all the Christmas decorations our gender
our first three for our tree she's a
little droopy decoration hey see you
guys next year you guys next year in the
hunt the things I couldn t see obviously
seen a guy at this cuz it's got no eyes
yes it's losing its if it's missing its
eyes and its nose it was probably seeing
that all right do you think I should
like chop some of the brambles off
before I drag you didn't just take it
full yeah do you think so put it back in
we're gonna have to drag it through the
house again well no you've got a side
gauge and door and everything oh yeah
because you can oh you can open the
double doors and you kit in the back
garden yeah more like hello get rid of
me knowing you yeah put in the back and
it's like tidied away and I'll be like
I'll do it tomorrow and then tomorrow
present in February which turns into
July it turns into all this returns into
next Christmas and we bring it back in
and we put it back up no show me to help
you with this and you trying to deep
delight us yeah maybe I'll pull up pull
I'll just pull the tree out and then get
the lighter
fun's over no no way I would pack them
away neatly okay she did that part even
like way morning I was on the treatment
this seems like way more
that's because remember I put everything
on the tree and each looking emergent
off the tree one day maybe next year
absolutely put the Christmas tree
look it is like Oh bend it up oh my
goodness no right there it's in a corner
yeah well me this corner or out the
window at the way no yeah cuz you'd
really get to see the front of it
whoa look at this big empty spot in our
house now
we didn't happy need something leave
some ideas guys of what we should do
with this corner because we moved in I'm
pretty much like a week later we got the
tree a bookshelf or something yeah
yeah but I mean what are you gonna buy
one now yeah I know
leave me some suggestions what we should
do with this corner this can be your
corner of the house guys it's a bowl of
boys corner the time that's can go on in
there okay
operation bring this out here know what
sign was its app is it's a P you're such
a SAP this is where the Christmas tree
starts you know moves along here follow
the trail follow the trail of
destruction
who's that here that's here and look is
actually just standing up there it
wasn't that cool look it's just like
sleek beside her tree
she's kind of standing there okay yeah
yeah I brush it out we're trying first
of all at the door I reckon not mine
he'll look at this maybe she's got a big
tree it's a bit late for that I think oh
you put them inside yeah the same thing
okay
Sweet Pea should we get rid of the Holly
thing off the door as well yeah okay
Christmas is gone guys Christmas is a no
Liam so I went to vacuum up the pine
cone I realize we had no vacuum bags bar
this one so I'm manually taking the
stuff out I'm putting it into this bag
you guys ever done this before it's like
a manual baggage empty edge I know it
looks I know it looks like it's one of
those cloth ones but it's not I was
looking on nothing is it a cloth one
nope it's not it's like a look at all
this like acting stuff
I would say there's probably a lot of
spiders living in there but um yeah this
is this is yeah this is the manual way
to empty your your vacuum cleaner by you
gotta stick your finger in and then you
gotta pull this up at oh goodness I knew
you guys ever ever have to do this
before or is it just me I might be on
the person hey I could have a barbecue
while I'm here
you guys wanna barbecue barbecue BB q oh
hang yogurt are you Oh No I'd like a
yogurt really you want to empty the bag
here while I grab the yogurt oh what's
happening here let's go down here jump
yeah will you make it make it uh he'd
risk it all right back to work now get
all my extra effort pay off okay I'm on
the thing is stuck yeah
yeah
like a charm right
and that's it guys Christmas is over
this is over let me look at dark at
spaces now sorry AMI
sorry little dude hands up
although environments we had a frame we
did have a frame just swapped another
one out we did we did yeah well William
this is so clean now what do you make
the dinner ask dinner MA
ooh-a ooh-a ooh-a did we tell how that
when he got lost for that didn't mean I
was got lost guys really we were walking
the normal way and then we decided
because it started it was getting cold
plus we don't even play in the boomerang
that we would walk the other way back
and then how we didn't know he know we
didn't realize because we never turn
back there and he we called him and we
saw him clearly like running in the
opposite direction because he just
assumed like oh this is the way when you
could hear us and he was like running
and I'll be like never once he's so lazy
and he was like running look at he looks
so sad he was running the opposite way
and were like no Albee it wasn't
dangerous like don't worry we saw him
the whole time we were watching him we
were like oh we're gonna sing but then
there are loads of people there and it
was so sad because all the people were
just kind of going we thought is very
busy and you could tell he totally
thought we were there
he thought he was behind as always
because he's always behind and then he
saw a big dog and he like he kind of
water was nothing but he saw a dog and
he walked over to say hello and then he
kind of got confused because anyhow
when I and then people were coming from
all different directions you could just
see him he like turning to look for us
we cut over that Said's but he didn't
see us
oh yeah we were like going towards him
and his tail web between behind his legs
and he was just like and then people
were just walking so fast and you like
trying to like step forward but he
didn't know where we were like little
head popped up when he ran over and then
for the whole rest of the walk he just
like stood at my heel he would not move
away she was fine but and you know
cruising actually it's a homemade job
she doesn't care I like it I like you
yeah because you can't see it how did
you do you like ever cooked your own
child heads put a hat on my sister
caught her hair and wasn't anything to
us me it wasn't my sight
Yeah right speaking of her hair and like
yeah yeah I was like - I was like
explain your lies
explain your lies all right all right
you were invited for this but you turned
it down you know I wasn't turning
anything again I was told you said to me
let's go
dinner's ready and I said it's a nice
boom come over here what if he wasn't
even by
is held are this this does look inviting
what you got going on here piggy hi
Becky he is better
you stole the last big heels squiggles
little what is this anyway
oh my god what is that he's it's true
Russian where does Emma come up with
these things
Russian the Internet what is this
internet you talk up this amazing
amazing place it's just I should visit
this Internet
if you have the address of the Internet
how much dad I need to greater her
Christmas tree look at the monkeys
Herman Gilles grotto ovo 149 job bargain
there's a lot of past in there are you
uh are you rationing case of the end of
days or something really what over in
German houses they gotta put it all back
50 years of Irish television hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because that would be
