carbides so we just went to the PIO box
and we got it so many people be careful
the thingies so okay this one I don't
know what we're gonna do it this one so
this one put on this one had wait I need
to save it from so this one is from two
girls who are friends and because they
said that they were friends they drew
pictures their names are not Li who's 12
14 and was it Ellen Ellen Ellen's Ella
that one is Tenzin and they drew us
these really cute pictures and look they
even did like Albion Xena and like us
opening our Christmas presents and
everything and they put louis of doggy
treats inside the envelope how cool is
that
so we're gonna come true Alby Cena
what's this
this is a toy for you
I know so cool but look they love them
how did you mean Diablo yeah so that's
like a present open and then look what
we got I think that's cheating cheating
anyway so we got these cool things and
called scoot ease and um I uh he's the
guy contacted me like ages ago and I had
seen Sam did a video on one that was
pink and I was like oh my god I love the
Navy one and then they offered to send
Jonathan one too
you never told me I never told him um
because of his this channel so here with
you boom no it's really cool look it's a
hood with a scarf attached and you can
wear it like all different way to turn
anything into a hoodie essentially
they'll hear we donut is now here's the
men's one so it shows you all the
different ways that you can wear it you
Maura oh yeah yeah and you can tie it at
the end as well but look how good it's
such good quality it's like a pretty
thick that's how I didn't expect because
you know you never know when a company
emails you it's like it could be yeah
happy quality but this is actually
really good quality
I wonder what material it is actually
material usa-made
double net yeah it's like a double knit
scarf and this is wreath thick as well
so I got the Navy one the girls one when
you let you guys learn with the black
hood and the grains you guys today cuz I
got a boomerang guys yeah got a boomer I
feel like I'm gonna wear that all the
time on walks anyways moving on moving
on we got a card from cadet is that
hazing your name I don't know see a Det
I think she sent us this card so hold on
I'm gonna Christmas is like not ever
gonna end
no we got this one from Nia's from can
see Claire so that goes there I know we
got this one oh okay sorry I did not
mean to do that
got this new home one oh my god it's
really hard to do this with only one
hand from Keira and Bella her cocker
spaniel and she oh yeah and she sent us
this how cool is this look so basically
it's like a key for your trolley so you
don't have to look for a gyro every time
that's amazing yeah apparently you um
you stick it in you put it on your
keychain and then you stick it in and it
like releases it and then you can take
it back it again you know so the thing
is like yeah so like the actual trolley
isn't there is this like magic inside
information that patients in the slide
it was like you know like Jackie knows
every bar Robin card that was from Keira
so I'm gonna put this new home one over
here because it's kind of more I know at
the scene is hair enough nice hair
mm-hmm
and did you see the back point us with
our present oh we got this one from sue
Pete and Ashley mm-hmm
snazzy sheer Martell and then oh this is
my favorite one oh my god seriously this
is amazing look at this card card it's a
card look at that and it's fluffy isn't
it so cool this is my it's fluffy it's a
Maltese Oh careful look you know how it
opens yeah oh my god what amazing right
I know it's
Joan from Taiwan what's this Oh
steak from Taiwan that is amazing
I'm gonna like keep that up in our house
like all year long it's so cool it's
like a Maltese and then she was like oh
it sheds a lot more than a real molecule
put this one on with you and then forget
all the pretty tired things yeah I think
that looks really cool obviously I look
like a sick boy oh why it's born from
Star Tours no like that is ours
it's very cool seriously it looks very
good on you it front feel like it's
funny kind of suit you better than being
a bit whatever yeah I know but sometimes
I'm jealous of him with his hoods
because like when it starts raining you
need so this is a really nice card I
love this card how cute is that picture
I think they're cookies and this is from
Suzanne so with Thank You Susan
let me put that on the bananas mm-hmm
well I'm running out of room there we go
okay and then we need to put these up
somewhere as well all right here we go
guys
so Duncan McLean 400 millimeter standard
how to chew your boomerang had to catch
a boomerang assignment my brofist tried
to do this and he said it does not work
there hold the packaging yeah no no
you're just gonna lose it or follow the
instructions no no no instructions
specifically say number two look cake
boomerang over shoulder yeah throw
almost as in Sean
now it is super windy so I can even see
that you're doing this wrong you can see
someone's gonna lose their head go I
have a that was that wasn't very good
take this and I think that worked out
very well
go here now
ready yeah I know
oh my god I know
so vertically at a hundred eighty three
angle Oh
almost got it
I don't know if they can see it on
camera but it flipped very the veering
 this is impossible
I don't believe this is actually
possible oh no big thing
okay do we have any Aborigines watching
because this doesn't work this is made
up it's make-believe isn't it I think
it's something they just tricked Torres
right there like it doesn't actually
work because it's a little fella to
Torres slice to trick them I go
I like I almost got it by like go
it's way way might come back my combined
excuse me coming true okay you ready see
if he can hit me from here you've got
like the worst aim in the world and has
the worst aim in the world seriously
Todd try and hit me free Diggs go
hit them yeah no I think it's okay
I'm trying it this way maybe you throw
it this way you try that okay so far
he's buying you this way okay matches
like yeah I know go Oh God
oh no I'm very effective though you know
boys it's really strong I know your
fists
I think it's gone so marshy here Oh what
are you gonna do
where is it right right I am Shh yeah
fetch the toy no she counts me me I
reckon you could jump at me yeah no I
think you could boots on on your face
yeah sure my legs are not that long
yeah no that's not gonna work oh no I
wouldn't make it yeah it's all course is
awesome look she could get through she
could party swim across the borough hey
guys okay ready you can actually stand
in there you almost got it this is what
his life depends on my hand my grip oh
you got it yeah well done don't fall in
yay got a boomerang by he got there
because we'll probably need it again yes
alby's like now that almost worked
that time I did all right so let's just
win yes no it doesn't where I need more
height
I think it needs an Australian
temperature and weather oh god it's like
a marsh here seriously Oh like my glutes
are getting installed
I think there needs to go higher so much
in order to get the turn on it okay
probably it's very marshy that's the dry
line okay Oh oh my god it like twisted
and everything yeah I don't think this
is gonna work but it looks like
everybody's having a good time so that's
all that matters
my fingers are so cold I should have
brought my gloves to begin to use for
everyone well it's Thomas a kiss to Tory
boomerang flat or paradise I read it
cannot be used to turn boomerang a
little red sharpie grandpa's heavily see
things back so almost vertically as
shown catch in this manner will forget
about catching in complete return as
illustrated 45-degree is an uncommon
breed this way yeah exactly yeah what is
it with the breeze no breeze oh yeah
doesn't work okay it's going to go viral
yo let's go it's flipping oh my god it's
a wind caught it I think yeah it like I
twisted and then it was like oh trying
to come back sit in the wind blew it I
think a Miss goody-goody up spinning up
everyone
Oh God Oh God you look really pretty
though you're super funny thinking this
is the best day of our lives
boomerang sit there okay okay we've come
on leaps and bounds guys any of you guys
toy boomerang I'll be awesome I can't
throw a boomerang but I like to eat
meringue my count
yeah okay here we go Olympic world
champions trophy stands up first place
representing Ireland in the Olympic
throwing thing shoots you ten points you
hit ugh you know how you know you've
eaten a good curry like so it's because
as you eat it every orifice in your body
rules purpose or passes knows I'm
running your ears your eyes eyes like
this massive like snot and drool that's
a you know it's a good one oh my
goodness that was good
that is what you need after a failed
boomerang a boomerang
oh yeah that was tasty tasty tasty you
guys what's your favorite kind of curry
I always liked the green curry but weak
side be a Chinese instead of Thai this
time so you start your basic chicken a
mushroom curry but out what is here they
were kind of curry to have what's your
favorite kind of crazy now every now and
again in their life
you need to make coke float it is time
to make a cooked fruit because I asked
people on Facebook and the Facebook
people said don't go forth and float the
coke before we going with oh he's a book
farm yes I suppose so it's like standard
ice cream right standard standard but it
wouldn't work with viennetta romantica
or choc ice the same veneer look at the
bhp farm like the one liter block hook
float with Pepsi Pepsi no there's no
coke here plus C is on the cheapo Pepsi
them achieve so if X is on the cheap
obviously that's
go Liam situation is the orange is so
much cheaper that sucks
maybe juice adjustment alright and
coca-cola
well Pepsi Cola okay now call froggy
frothy already okay I don't know about
too much in because I'm not sure how
much front is going to be generated
you ain't real he's a book vanilla
vanilla now I'm just oh my in there
okay what are they doing no oh oh yeah
oh oh oh let's move it over here safety
purposes because that's growing it's
growing in a normal range oh oh oh oh oh
it's calm down when was the last time
you had a coke float and have you ever
had a Pepsi float Pepsi Florent nice and
if you've never had a coke float before
and you're thinking like what was I
talking about on some coke just go ahead
and get yourself a glass of coca-cola or
any sort of cold I suppose and just drop
it as well
it probably works with anything isn't it
just bright or find there anything along
those lines
look at this mountainous mountainous of
beauty that is something about it that
is what I'm going to leave you guys with
today just a little something remember I
got nothing to say remember that what
that's awesome nice nice is what I did
on my Saturday night cuz I'm a rebel a
rebel I went ahead and I put Diet Pepsi
with some ice cream into it but had
that's the kind of rebel I am what did
you do on Saturday night were you as
rebellious as I was
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
