talk to be wearing their junior Bell
Bell is that real tree Heidi openness
yeah this isn't a remote control or
something hi all right seeing a few
hours it's tall isn't it yes we got up
there an angel oh yeah I thought it's a
remote control oh oh it's semi-automatic
spread that's your mother's oh the bike
might give gifts remember that more
presents you can open it don't over the
next Christmas he's really a really
really ahead there's been Sarah they're
breakable it
it's any Christmas tree downtime they
would just run back in remember look
like you really liked it
he's over there mix it just gives the
inner paper it's okay
that's what Christmas is for Oh comes an
extra fancy paper oh is it a frame
that's perfect
yeah yeah I can be my picture in your
picture Cena Cena come around my
goodness
calm down you'd be sent home Christmas
tree yeah get out of your system
hi Scooby did you know I guess Scooby's
not here yeah put it in the bag the bag
of goodies so one of the tests a little
bunch thirsty bunch don't drink the
crater Carlsberg or Carling oak osburgh
probably look at this thing here steam
cuisine
stealing potatoes did she make though
something's in there two minutes ah no
wait a second
nine minutes hundred degrees they're
almost like an oven or microwave oven
that's cool
I know what it is though exactly drank
puns Oh someone over drank I was too
excited
was that the calendar yeah your mom made
it she did it she knitted the cardigan
showed me her yeah so you guys were
Austin Austin Powers so how come you
never made us clothes really in there I
did I don't remember anything I don't
think I also want to remember set up
stage
where's our one what did what one did we
get you got September September
September April May October oh is that -
oh this you that's right you what ah
September harlech anniversary yeah it's
so cool the Graduate mm-hmm look at me
handsome devil Sunday give you an end oh
yeah I got loads here yeah it's like my
calendar hello it's like who's popular
who does is a her little boy little
Ashton come on we all calm down now
yeah let's get some juice for Uncle
Simon go Simon The pieman he's holding
his neck for a baby
I know what to do baby uh-huh
we found out so we did make a chicken
casserole got a chicken Chasseur
Oh chicken saucer saucer trousers
touches on the trousers oh did you
always date everything you make super
cream grated mozzarella
apparently it's ideal for cooking sorry
right right sorry come in for the pig my
nose it's brought me why didn't you peel
them when you want to wear a jacket in
this weather I know shall be yours
oh she's know what to do now give me a
shot yeah I know well yeah
with more teddy bear oh this is your son
he looks really lovely mommy never know
does he like respond to stuff like when
you're like that's his toy does he know
- he does have a strong grip is he
everything the dogs everywhere
Simon handed me Dylan at the christening
I was like the first time is an idol if
I held a baby
you know and I was like oh my god
uncle even throw it over my garden
that's Anna's favorite Oh nicely done
oh good guess downer but out oh that's a
unique way it is nothing in here for you
to see go on your way on your way yeah
Bobby um auntie won't come I have
something he doesn't actually like
bananas Oh Albie oh it's the casserole
is it Oh No well Feeny it's everything
all right but he doesn't he doesn't like
bananas
this is Cena's newest thing look she's
Landis to go into the dishwasher climb
into the dishwasher because she can lick
the plates yeah she does in there Anna's
mom says the dishwasher is great so is
this the
banoffee yeah
well you don't have to watch you can
just go home a night per slice oh and
what did you say this was Brazilian or
something no
this first C dulce de leche do it fit
the leche Oh most amazing things every
in Argentina
yeah Argentina if you're ever in
Argentina and you guys from Argentina
I've ever attend ours over apparently
there's rocks in Argentina
it's those Newsies included in Argentina
that one is slightly bigger than the
rest of them but Lana's understand -
yeah although it is banoffee pie though
be no skimping
well no I'm gonna shave a bit off this
year here Oh tendon being a - yeah I
feel Janice is someone that - I never
seen is key I know yeah quick nap
looking for cream and then I just throw
around terms by normal cream hold her
legs my normal brains but then I do an
ice cream though
Oh what didn't we - the ice can you hold
the ice come ice cream I don't know ice
this is definitely a unique way to make
banoffee pie makes thunder please make
another plate that can be good name for
it not a proper official - nothing right
Julie octiline pie TARDIS sorry right
are you tired are you Tony guys
uh well lots of things are Jolie and
that's things under yeah a pre
changeover yeah yeah high score still
Joey
20 yeah but my drug sizes derrida's
expires okay see some things you think
like I'll change that and then something
yeah yeah hello my name is Austin Oh
fingers here he's very advanced advanced
it's nice nice I do love this style I do
love the air yeah yeah especially for
the Jodi's the Kony's a double talkin
cuz they are doing you choose do do the
blue do the blue no one expect me to
perform is it is there a trick to making
no he's his father so no Cena yeah see
me though he's laughing haha yeah you
laughing at me aren't you and she
laughing at me just spend New Year's
together they're reminiscing we have the
crazy night yes
it was a great night it was a great
night thinking I hear also mean alright
remember you
oh yeah Becker what'd you get I know are
you achieving what number you always I
can do now number yes you get to know
wait a second oh it's a wind except the
wind a mouse and the camera yeah one
second what what is this Oh are they all
the same thing no my hat I can't read
music that good I think I know that I'll
be in yes he's not quite sure fine yeah
yeah sometimes he leaves now we forgot
about in four hours don't watch started
rings or something
Ricky Kodu applied so it's like that's
what I go and do it with Clive so is
everything a blow instrument like the
wind is your tree I missed one you're
one somebody you know I need one
and 1r7 I think it's warning bells ever
do you so girls are our numbers yeah do
you know you're horrible
do you know I'm number eight six six has
a big role that doesn't look like seven
cuz I'm white let me see your one I'm
eight can you just put the sticker on
there's something what did you one look
like cuz that looks more like a 1 minute
7 what do we have to do we have to do
something
yeah yeah no what are you really mine
yeah we go to smaller you can be alright
give me another one ok Pass is that
there you go go go go Hey a being senior
get me Pepe what do we have to play you
gonna play out
yeah yeah you gonna go Santa now you you
should know this I'll be and Cena Robbie
go what composer is the favors and monk
dogs genies like Puccini hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
ah
