boys come up now I don't know her phone
and I grabbed the hairdryer is she like
run downstairs
then I like this hair dryer
now that I know how about we gonna get
my husband I said that I think you know
the last three or four of the Box I said
like getting the hair quick facts
seriously
okay so that season I was getting back
worn out what if we just get her to like
cook the size and he's going push the
top I know I look like I was exactly
what I said yes
way to go do it
yeah we do need that guys if any you
guys I'm over here at Mitch can hear me
any you guys in court you know what to
do with the Christmas tree because I
don't want a situation like last year or
the year before but you guys want to win
us here before it's okay
you have no idea what we went through
but I'm the Christmas tree going
somewhere sometimes is like you know
like a service where I remember in
Dublin where I used to live in turn here
and a fly pushing Park he used to be
bring your tweeter and they would like
grinding them up you know to just drop
your feet at em please turn into a bag
of sawdust and you big neither and you
deserve it but they're like recycle the
trees and then they use that for like
fertilizer or something but I don't know
in chorus where the place is you can
bring your tree and drop it in heat to
the machine but I really want to do it
in next today so I've loaded up another
Friday I'm probably gonna stay in Dublin
and then we'll be into on Saturday as
well and then we're back here Saturday
night and then it's Sunday and it's
Monday and then it's like an eight and a
nine to some and there's a tent and then
you still have it and I feel like oh oh
oh so hopefully we can hook something up
what it was I was thinking we could just
like drive down the motorway and kick it
out at the tour and then I'm Roli Hind
you bar we can go back over used to live
and just like jump it in the forest or
something business what about that plan
someone someone did say you should chop
it up and make it for firewood and burn
in the fire and I was like that's a
pretty good idea but I remember we were
kids he's like said our Christmas here
he ever said Oh Christmas tree on fire
have you ever said a Christmas tree on
fire oh really you don't
that's crazy so if you guys are
accredited any comic never sexist Champa
we're gonna plug it up oh nothing really
he's such a little fucker
oh this on your phones you have tonight
this there you go huh no I've seen this
bone you don't even want it you don't
even want it huh come here
you don't even want it here sharing is
caring
actually oh I told you if they season
I'm here they'll try to come in but if
they don't think that I'm here they'll
stay out there and do more peace into
himself
you guys have to do this with your dogs
he's condemned I can't end it there
sketch sketch seen them doing think of
the club that's meeting
okay I'm gonna go get my iPad you get
another calendar from satellite taxis
how does it work on the taxi computer I
didn't realize when I came out it was
okay I told this place empty so you get
internet and look at my hot husband it's
really nice is it you can always get
here haircut for Iraqi people yeah guys
northern Iraq in you're so funny he says
these guns of dogs and we're just joking
about is it nice put some oil in it and
stuff as well yeah it smells like
clothes I'm sad you're gonna take a
shower now no it's not so good it smells
like clothes you put her back in my hair
everything no so don't take shower no
fits and always took one so father it's
fine
your wife yeah
she thought that she was just two kills
doesn't he look so good with his hair
like that's you and your beard oh we
need to take out the papers I don't know
you guys you at home about your
adventure well I'm not too really dizzy
right now oh I need to eat something
hey so oh god you're out of focus
I'm sorry she's I was just thinking
about you know that walk you think oh do
you like walkies yeah I'm pretty I am
she quite like going for walkies walkies
are fun yeah walkies are really cool I
don't know we want to go milwaukee's in
that yeah I have no idea thank you guys
for walkies do you want to go for
watches what is this nice yeah if you
want to go for walkies
well you have to decide like is what
he's worth it hmm you really need to
decide if the walkies is just gonna be
worth it you know if you wanted a walkie
if you want to go for walkies that would
be great
let's go for walkies walkies walkies we
do this that last you torture that were
just like you I just go into the bedroom
and like you know they're in their beds
whatever I'm like so I just thinking big
legs for walking and to their heads like
sodium ding oh excuse me you are putting
on your panties what am I swear oh yes I
know
I like how your left and there's a
little pile like a little The Wizard of
Oz you know and I would let's get your
coat son ah nuts
so Justin I was like that remember we're
going literally like if I had said that
a split second before he wouldn't have
made that motion you turn left to go
like everywhere else oh my god Abby or a
crazy person um you excite just for them
but anyways you either turn left for
everything else or right for the walk
and we're going on a walk and Jonathan
just as I said it turned left my tesco
off to pesto we go to add a little
wooden hi there little one well hello
there my name is Albie seconded oh man
I'm excited for my walk you know
please keep guys believe me nice
comments for me and don't fuck me
because I have only one eye and I can't
help well yeah sometimes I I tend to
part of people that I don't know Oh God
especially men that I don't know
strange men but apparently it's normal
so seeing us just a lot more confident
than me in those matters you know I'm
not a very sure dude
why do I have to well basically I just
day I hope my elbow I hope the best for
all of you guys and thank you for your
comments and and your your liking of the
videos and watching it really makes me
happy thanks by Cena
I'll be I'll be oh boy he's so cute is
that runner coming no guys oh don't
chase an attack and kill the runner
unless we can cook him properly
well if the sun's gonna go nan over here
sent all it's easy it's already kind of
dark as well my goodness looking forward
to the summer
he's like once Christmas is over like
bring on the summer where he's a bee
house like oh no he didn't he didn't eat
the runner come on come on
oh-ho shake it off shake it off come on
work it up
Deidre thankfully Cena did not catch up
with your runner dog dog everybody likes
our crazy old bat oh you think it's him
but his horrible man like hates dogs
feet on the ground dog Bob to kind of
insinuate that like this place is
covered in dogs to which it is really
clean it's so funny because it's like
graffiti there and receding if you know
you're trying to say that like the place
is dirty well you're adding to the dirt
by repeating what is so funny because
everything over like dogs bark because
it has it written like I said in the way
out but it's like way in the car park
yeah and then they paint it over it
because like obviously it looks terrible
candy cancel I want to get rid of it and
so he wrote it again I cried Bob
they love the dog box that tree is
cool-looking
because it's sort of a Minecraft to us I
could mine that down get some wood made
a crafting bench and then like put that
together and create a chest or something
come on what okay I know you're
determined to get yourself run over
kiddies
what's that did she just pick something
up I know she picked something up I do
not hear a rustle you cold
come on
get your nose out of there how are we
always go did it way down there it's a
nice lake it's all nice Oh God oh
goodness
that's kind of scary Xena you want to
get in here
good choice good choice good choice okay
that was a bit cold I don't want to swim
in let's go back Jackie it's kind of
snotting a bit okay hmm
cause you're not through there no don't
jump to that one there is no rocks there
was a rat here last time or a mess or
something was dead but I'm seeing likes
to disembowel and roll in dead things
like we had you guys remember and you
guys with us back in the the rat cage
what you got assists no no no no no I
don't even know where it's around here
somewhere
let's keep an eye on her this is gonna
she's gonna roll in and if she finds it
and then now would not be good okay I
think we're past it okay well wherever
it was for pasta okay you ate it come on
slowpoke
we won here so pretty come on I'll be
alright
Oh the moon's out you guys see the moon
I don't think so here's other running
see I visit the whore said I said what
you guys gonna beautiful view isn't it
so awesome
oh you can see the moon cool it's a blue
moon come on we gonna run are we gonna
run run
these runs and stops where's crazy
Garrett
Becker's the fakirs police dog sir
I stole someone's wallet I stole his way
when I run along my side I go where's
the car keys the car keys that would not
be fun that would not be fun yeah maybe
it's getting dark it's cold it's cold
it's dark look it's the band of kiddos
over there
hoodlums like for the trees this is some
sort of a gang glad you can hear them
they sound rough Marsh which way should
we go that way
yes hey are you sure got a gang scene
roadie are beaten oh oh my god I
seriously street fights the street fight
and gone over here can you guys see oh I
think they've spotted us and I'm
concerned for my safety I know okay
waterlogged pitch that way crazy gang
that way Oh seeing us about the gang
scene ah
go all the way over there I'll be come
on Tina
straight you Tamar that's the way that's
the way we do it we've opted to tractor
back to the marshlands oh no no you hear
the squelching is it oh it is I think
there are neither sacrificing one of
their gang members crap where did you
step he's in the back leg kick out
it's a classic galbi move we made it we
made dryland whoo
Scott no dark and kinda spooky light
looks cool isn't it it's really cool
we're in a forest at night we've started
this walking what the hell's that oh my
god through the path yeah Frank I forgot
about the bats but under the bats
chimera this is no what the hell is
going on come on I think girls rolling
could you roll in you get wishy-washys
now for that yeah
oh my god what the heck Xena her entire
side what I don't know it's getting
washed we get home the lights cooler
isn't it
just think he's thinking and that my
friends is why you don't wear the plus
cement on a men don't get lips stuck to
their flies pretending to wiper on you
know I didn't break guys break your face
with my fleece you need a nourishment
because I don't care about clothes like
you care about clothes people have to
wash it though because that's what good
wife he's doing Xena
you got poo in your face someone's get
know what she washes oh my god I forgot
to tell you I was in the bathroom and I
was filling the mop bucket with hot
water from the bathtub pop seized and
I'll be came over and he was like he
heard though he heard me tell you she's
like what are you feeling yeah and he
came in he was just like looking up at
it and stuff and I was like and I didn't
see anything and then I turned off the
tap he was just like he didn't he was
like I'm prehensile when the thing was
on but then as soon as it was switched
off yeah when it's on he's like well I
have until it turns off he's a funny one
he said you have dogs that reacted by a
time or do children when their message
you go like if we do that you get in the
bath
no you see whether the ladies who should
worked out nice are we ready for dry
time come on you like fry time peanut
oh they see those signs works better
with this thing off now here's a little
special safety brush yeah you love it
you love it
who
well because I'll be head of long hair
see you have some that long hair and I'm
soaked as well look at white and fluffy
yarn now huh yeah yeah oh isn't that
nice if I get a big ball of cotton wool
you know faces next wheezes shivering
Cena seems next Zima next hello hello oh
no you're next let's go let's go
please seriously need to get bulbs it's
like only one light on each like trio of
Lights it should be three on each and it
actually would make a huge difference in
this kitchen but anyway so I'm making
dinner for the first time properly this
week which is the total fail on my part
number of my new year's resolution was
like to cook dinner five days a week
well it's not like we ate fast food
every single day this week because we
didn't but we did at my mom's hair
something like this weekend thinking
yeah I was into men so anyway I don't
mind that I just I would rather have not
or did take it some times that's that's
really bad but anyway um so I'm gonna
make this vegetarian chili which you
guys have seen me make before it's like
become kind of one of our staples
because we both really like it and well
at least yeah first I was thinking that
Jonathan wouldn't like it it doesn't
have any meat in it but then after last
night when he thought really sick and
everything and also he he ate it and he
didn't feel like it was anyway um I
don't know
I knew a bland or anything he really
liked it so that's a good thing so um
I'm gonna make the chili and I make it
with chickpeas
kidneys and also I'm going to use a to
the pet because you guys know I hate
look strong enough I told you that
there's a sensible friction that's so
lazy isn't it using like a semi but it's
actually called very lazy this is a
present from my uncle yesterday
it's a Christmas present so you know so
says you will need 500 grams is frying
steak 250 sliced mushrooms
we have mushrooms but I think they're
out of date Oh 300 real sour cream we
don't know not book whatever serves for
it small just have it and I think this
is suitable for vegetarians although it
doesn't say anything mmm-hmm yeah I
think it is I don't know there's any
meeting this no there's not
anyways um and we just do that that's
like really really lazy is not I'll put
in the beans and the chickpeas as well
and I'll just put that in and I might
use some mushrooms or like peppers or
something it's kind of beef it up a
little bit yes I just sounded great
alternative to what does induce I was
gonna do like a whole from scratch
you've got no 88 cooking um but what was
I saying yeah so I'm gonna use a tip
that was given to me by somebody on I
think was tiny Murray actually on my
blog she said that um what she likes to
do is she likes to actually watch videos
or like listen to music or just watch TV
or whatever while she's cooking and that
really helps her to kind of if for it to
make it more fun so that's what I'm
actually gonna do today I brought my
laptop in and
I'm gonna actually watch some YouTube
videos and then I won't be like oh hey
cooking I hate my life you know because
um I just don't like it but I think this
won't even more enjoyable
plus I have drunk four glasses of water
today plus two green teas which didn't
have caffeine in them so that can't as
six so I just all I have to do is drink
2 more ounces of water and they made my
goal yay so um and I feel way better
about myself actually I like I feel
better just inside in general I didn't
need to pee a lot today which annoys me
so much so we're on our walk and I was
like oh my god I need me and it's so
annoying plus if you're a girl it's not
me well I would never pee on that walk
in Ewing foot the only time that I've
ever peed at the side of the road or
like summer boob like recently like not
when I was a child was when we're coming
down from Dublin at that time and we
didn't vlog it I think we should we so
should have loved it but I don't know
why we didn't because it was so
hilarious and it was pitch dark and I
had to go up we stopped on the motorway
and I had to go up like a hill and it
was kind of dings well I wasn't
dangerous for me but I don't know just
cuz it's off the motorway it's just it's
so scary to go up into a ditch but like
it was so scaring because I had to like
climb this kind of Hill
and because we were kind of driving like
through almost like a valley it wasn't
real valley was almost like one where
there's two like Marilyn's on either
side of you of grass but it was so pitch
dark but there was it was the middle of
the country I could not see anything so
I didn't know if I reached the top and I
stepped into the darkness is that like a
sheer drop like that's why it was so
dangerous and like I didn't have any
light on me or anything I didn't have
like my phone or anything I was dying to
pee so bad there was no like services or
anything like squat it down cuz that's a
girl it's very difficult I suppose and I
really needed to go so bad so like a lot
came out and I remember I was like I
couldn't see anything I was like oh my
God my shoes getting company like this
is so embarrassing and like a couple of
cars went past and I felt like what if
they can see me like really just seen
you just like some random girl like
squatting in the bushes oh my god it was
so embarrassing so if you were any of
those people that passed us on the
motorway don't mean the comment let me
know what I don't want to know okay so
that actually worked
I was quite entertained about making
this dinner and the only thing I would
annoyed him it is not Uncle Ben's like
changed their rights
or else I just did I just I bought the
wrong boy I thought it was getting boil
at the bad grade and it was like I
opened it and it was like like this like
what the hell
I've never cooked real right or more so
I thought up the instructions on the
back and it's at ten minutes that's what
threw me I saw the ten minutes on the
boil and I don't know it's been about
ten minutes I think hopefully this is
okay they've never cooked rice eggs
before it always been in the little bag
oh my god I'm so like freaking out right
now I think I mean I hope okay what why
why isn't it in a little baggie makes no
sense
oh no pump even seen up at the door for
a while and I forgot about them good
girl Cena was cut some more looks like
now you don't get treats every time guys
I'm sorry but um I'm gonna make potato
get her now and then make it really nice
it's like little placemats and
everything because we never met that
table over there we always eat in the
living room
when there's just the two of us so I'm
gonna set it up for you nice for yoga
dofus come down
Oh for me you like it wasn't it you
don't have to find out yeah I hope you
like it
I hope I like it I've never had it
before thanks so much for making me the
inner meelo yeah Xena hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
