take a seat do don't you take it easy
right now just installing the files
installing the files yeah
why am i installing the files I'm
bringing them in bring it forth the
foilage Oh
today back to school sort of dark and
cold rainy Christmas is over everyone
gathered that sort of festive fever you
guys back to school or college or work
or whatever you do with your spare time
when you're not sitting here what what
do you do when you're not sitting you
know watching these boxes ah I only know
you like it's like we're all part of a
club you know and we only know each
other inside the club this is the club
like inside this club is where we all
know each other I can they can see you
sitting at your desk or in your back
wait what you do it but am i TV you do
like when you're not here if you want to
leave me a comment and let me know it
I'll be kind of awesome because you guys
know what I do when I'm not here I have
yeah I'm always here I just stay here
and wait for you guys to come along
that's what I do my thing right kinda
gets to dead good day to you sir
I just realized I had already spoken to
Gotham's normal yeah can I get some heat
off that heater okay okay guys it's so
hot I looked at him here
my homelessness is coming along nice day
then I get my hair cut bill already
we're not a haircut you see um because I
noted chested is a fibrous like in this
sort of area and she's like just sitting
there and falling yesterday Texan
hours so she's obviously bored what are
you stalking no I should talk in here
so I was thinking I don't think anything
off the top nothing
I want to see like what if I like never
cut like the top right because it's like
the last haircut remember I was like
don't quit the top and the only I put
the sides inside you didn't actually
touch it
I don't like you're always like quick I
have the old tin and scissors I'll give
you no Tynan don't in there my top I'm
10 my top so I just think you're like
alright just keep going with like
cutting the side short but keep letting
I'd be like pineapple head because it
cool wouldn't it yes you look like crazy
after like a year
whoa we'll be crazy after year before
needle isn't it totally totally they're
just for the funsies ever on
hey what's wrestling here let's go mania
7:40 WrestleMania 500 or something SME
de7 when I was like six
no needs a bunch of the credit reduce
means much it look it is another surface
here look at this service I just come
down here and all these clothes are just
sort of laid out petroleum is new Liam
you know awesome service the best hotel
ever hotel wife um do you live in hotel
white or do you live in hotels husband I
think we're kind of like odd like I
considered like for the hotel chores
you're not having soup today are you win
a brown banana a brown banana
brown brown only come to see brown
banana that's a brown banana good good
this is so cold anything like this
why no I had a deal I can cover I can
heat myself up against this thing
it's the plan it's to plan so as a uncle
and us are up in court today
Timothy Casey cheer he's in at or I
think he's being in a few times actually
here when I think 18 in Erica I couldn't
act used to be buddies
she actually took the two room I think
it's like girls stephenvlog or girls
hijack or something like that it was
like I know like a hundred videos ago or
something up with him here they were all
here she's coming up Timothy Timothy -
Bujji - Bujji I can't open this I can't
open this I'm sorry no no we should get
a tripod we just like attacked you over
there okay oh oh my god that's for me -
hi okay it's making us whenever clicking
sound - here - oh you got in sale is it
a up in there Oh I said is that
we need the poo wrapper yeah it is
driving off please add the meat-beef
struggle enough you can put anything in
it strong enough
you mean I like to its very lazy that's
it that's it to me perfectly hey what's
what's this what's going on in here
give me this come on Albie Albie and
will gazebo Oh Albie much you want for
it cider so you can behave right that
might be a while and we never saw them
again a little mini casserole dish not
like the long one yeah that's right
that's perfect science it's good yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah you go ahead I'll
keep an eye on him
we have to behave yeah okay thank you he
is a cutie pie mystique is evite look at
Cena she is insane our bellboy fans a
monster you lion Monsters Inc
she look like at night yeah he cooks my
hand they can they can
girl you chickens chickens good boy
aha she can't shake him
no not fight now chicken chicken little
muffin who's a muffin man who's the
muffin man the muffin man there's
nothing missing man
when you get in on the white tees you
know really funny and you can hear the
scream that's like oh oh oh my god I'm
upside down backwards but just like that
- how are you even doing your audience
say hello
it's gonna make sure it's love today is
it oh you just say that oh no that's May
VK ooh a password I don't know it's not
what the pig latin is can you speak Pig
Latin
no that's what they do you know why did
nobody have done their Facebook it's
like some cool thing that I'm not a part
of what since you work for things
everybody has it it's like some kind of
joke like inside joke I don't get it
mm-hmm people have xax me know they have
like under languages that they can speak
pig latin is that a joke like is that
not a real oh it's a real thing it's
like isn't it you take like the first
letter of the words you're going to say
and then you change it with the first
letter of the word are you going to say
after that and the system ran yeah so
behind like let's see bad shall be like
Bauer isn't right it's something like
that it's something like that leave some
comments in pig latin if you know it's
be pig latin and all i don't explain
explain Tanis somebody explain to Ana
how it works I just taught like cuz
first I saw someone do it and I was like
oh haha that's funny
and then I saw like a lot of people do
it and I was like is this some kind of a
joke that I don't know that I don't know
I don't know when you learn I think you
learned it so that you can like talk to
each other or without like your parents
knowing or something like that like x8
engage that's proper Latin I think is it
you spoke Latin in school I never spoke
well you wrote Latin then you read Latin
you did Latin for six years I never
spoken you don't learn to speak that you
know it like history I know you don't
end to speak it what's the point of it I
know I didn't like it anyways I'm good
at Latin clocks you know and it's like
the X and then the XB XB oh really yeah
oh it's pretty like 15 million know any
better
oh milligram you know like millaa millaa
whatever yellows italian only latin
l'Italia know what in Italian I mean
that means peasant katzie's going on
there uh-uh okay fine what's the five
what too easy
Ivy baby grows in its green vir IV for
what is L hello well let's say merely as
a thousand out of the leader mm leader
is there a million 100 what is L if you
make it up
no tell me you made it up you're a
you made it up he said well I know that
the clocks cause clots always Coleman
like like 1 to 10
yeah bringing me on that's a bit too
advanced
ok L tricky L is 50 loosely and then
what C hundred well I kind of guessed
deduction how is what does it mean
century no some centers
Decimus Maximus Aurelius what is okay
know what what is 155 in Latin a Roman
numerals every c LD nuts there's an LLC
little turn Leaving Cert v vocational
Leaving Cert that's the LLC in like
there OC the hills the hills is LC the
hills that's all Oh soon as the hills
no LC is Lauren Conrad Oh in not in the
hills in Laguna Beach everybody colder
LC forget the hills mine it's all about
SJ t SJ that's another bad I could have
no that's not that's a Coney trollese I
don't know I don't like that acronym t
SJ I think it sounds like an engineering
company or something I don't like
MSD and
it is you're pushing here boring your
life is boring I'm tired
oh now look what you've done what are
you doing out of focus get in focus
thank you
least you could do is be in focus how
long is that L so I filmed a video today
but it was like really late and I hate
filming late because the lighting sucks
even though we have like we only have
one studio light so it's not actually
like as good as like originally when we
first purchased them there were two and
they made it like daylight but was only
one it's hard to explain because I don't
know the specifics or anything like I
don't know like professional terms or
anything but um all I know is that when
I have one bright light it just looks
really harsh
unless there's daylight behind it if
that makes sense so that was the purpose
of the two but now we won't have one so
it's just too harsh and then like that's
why I just prefer filming like in the
morning time or
like really early on the afternoon but
my mom came over and we were busy and
stuff so I didn't get to film so well I
did film but I don't like how it turned
out so I'm gonna just probably do it
tomorrow but I'm still opening up a
video today though because I pre film
most days anyway a little bit of
information for you bias so we're going
to my mom's house for dinner and just
remember that's kind of dark freezing oh
my god like the thought of going outside
right now it just makes me makes me feel
cold
and just makes more like curl up in bed
and like doing nothing on day one and
like I'm sure I'll be and Sina probably
feel the same way they oh my god there's
something in my shoe
oh it was just piece of sweet wrapper
okay that's not embarrassing at all but
anyways um I'm sure I'll be in soon I
feel like we do it's just gotten so much
colder alright ready to go it's not a
very good sign let's go yeah now where's
your guys need to get the dogs clothes
on I'm so I know well that's it
oh great come on let's get the dogs down
in Cork City
just kind of wait you makin so you got
the better ones
how come you no one looks better do with
this why yep how do you know her
ah look that's a you know meaty meaty
the greens food anything else because it
isn't like a casserole dish is what that
works like so I know how long it take
you to make this did you sneak over and
cook this le Ron is this pretty little
mama italiano package no oh that's water
that's okay I have to run to munch take
a it's any water do you guys thirsty
cuz the waters kind of empty do you all
know water lb I can fold it up you know
no no you get the filters always I gonna
hot water that's definitely not gonna
work hey Bobby oh good boy yo me
good boy yeah doesn't know what to do
he's like he's not sure like he's
wagging his tail ladies today he's in
between so close
come on now me everybody's friends more
presenters huh I think today I think is
a team here there is a bit of a circuit
it's not very subtle though that's cool
I thought it was hot holder for
something to put on - Anna yeah what's
the deal with this now huh that's mine
is your I get half of this half of this
is mine I own half of this Mitch
domestic goddess yeah she does not look
happy the cat and that is not look happy
I think she's got a calendar so
everybody gave you calendars and baking
equipment who's on it
oh cool the Arctic Ocean they all look
like Amy Winehouse with the eye is the
cat eyes and stuff no not in a bad way
like maybe wine is sort of ah
are you gonna put it all those thing
you're not very fashionable no I think
the count out here oh I suppose then I
need a calendar you can't have two
calendars in your room you get confused
holiday track up all that joy there so
guys I had red meat there and you know
how long it's been since I've actually
had red meat a lot longer than I
probably thought probably like a couple
of months anyway yeah probably like like
I prayed I gave up like dairy and sort
of red meat or at the same time I do I
do eat bird I eat turkey and chicken are
still Midlands and Turkey and chicken
but it's been a long time so happy yeah
kind of different a benign area like nah
you know III just yes geez geez okay
this is true but I don't like
consciously go I don't get a slice of
cheese I'd love a slice of cheese
that's pourcel oh that's Port Salut
goodness worker man worker man okay milk
that's your piece right anyway you don't
drink less when you don't eat and you
don't have eggs so you there's a lot of
dairy products there is a better day to
have cheese cheese I do have chocolate
yeah so I had a lasagna and I swear to
goodness like I felt like so like my
stomach was all twisted up and I just
didn't even like oh my god what is wrong
on me like what is wrong with this guy
did he have just more than two like dude
that is not your party
what the frak so I was like oh my god
I'm so twisted on the inside and it's
because I at red meat and it's been so
long since I had red meat and my stomach
was just like it just couldn't handle it
I couldn't digest it I couldn't do
anything
why aren't you sitting there going like
oh my god I need to go buy a ton of
sweets no idea I was bad but I was like
oh my god like I just feel so like I
like bloated and is he just gonna be so
angry
what that's so unfair the trolley thing
I know I was looking back thinking like
oh maybe I'll just nip in and I thought
I'd most like a effectors but I'm yeah
that's like oh my god so crap so my
question to you to you our community
have any of you guys ever given up meet
a veteran and then had to meet and then
felt like oh my goodness
what the frak is up with this one my mom
made me a really nice vegetarian her mom
always says that now it was so good yeah
she always makes such an effort for me
be like a huge one too so
yeah I think in the future I don't know
like I'm I'm being swayed in this
vegetarianism thing it's like when you
do cook dinners you know they are there
are quite good you know seriously like
that vegetarians up there like like
hello me every bad halloumi he's amazing
so I wouldn't be I wouldn't I've never
shy away from being a veggie I don't
think I'll ever be vegan I don't need no
I mean I can live without milk like yeah
no I can't I can't do cheese please oh
it's a cupcake one orange wall which one
you're on
do you feeling like he's ringing a euro
is you okay travelling cuz I'm holding
the vlog the keys and I have to close
the boot now
I'm actually trying my shoelace while
actually oh well I'm not grabbing the
pink one then oh it's bit of a party
gonna closed
dunh dunh geode let's go huh people I'm
thinking I got a pink one who have what
people say to miles around will come up
to me and think there's any trolleys oh
oh
deep fryer and shallots garlic shallow
one all aboard give a licensed driver
thing you can't just drive that thing
willy-nilly whenever you want
who figures it what about the brown
bananas are we done with the brown fur
hats
it takes Oh some apples and some apples
I think over driving I just put an
automatic closed Oh God whoa that's like
the biggest happen in the world oh my
goodness
where's the pink ladies all the pink
ladies all the pink ladies put your
hands up put your hands up nice pink
lady oh you said freedom on the effort
whoa whoa there
oh there move there
and
just jump run they're like suits and
stuff like management's know hey guys
and thanks for watching another
