No what are you doing come on alright
okay but look got one from the ciccone
family tennessee ward Oh sir that's the
letter from we're taking the court place
up you're not going from the Sherman's
oh I see you can't you are dressed but
look the stinker
ha ha ha it's cute mr. Phoenix
Ingrid brand o fun zo Soren this thing
here open this thing here doesn't matter
you stood up to them right if you don't
know what it is we moved out of this
apartment and they held our rent and
they wouldn't start again another
deposit you wouldn't give it back to us
because they said that we'd like
replication stuff we're like no you
didn't because obviously we've video
evidence to prove that we didn't so we
applied to it and take them to like your
protection agency the government body
was they just say like we received your
thing you know for today it's not a bad
that one get today
this is what how are they happen to
dress I was wondering yellow mellow
yellow
what's brother these two brothers we've
already seen that old news yeah my Chu
and Sophie yet you guys remember them
from the wedding love new cards well
they're like January cards
we've started a trend in the world
tournament yes before us before we
existed in nobody's enter no they didn't
creationism sticking cuz on we never got
these before okay while I was eating NJ
last year
well there were problems Francesco and
then all of a sudden boom never forced
the mean guys the trick you see they
were there and they walked away but in
the back again you sometimes you be
ignored
they go anymore see that I was gone away
we've got more anything you see more
peepees that had me like a little angel
on the slide
see German yes she cried it in our
husband had just died like a week before
hundred-ton was very sadly she still
came when she sent me just before
leaving for her give it at the end the
nuts the confetti she was like like I
was with my husband for fifty years like
and she's like just Jerry called me
she's crying she's like just enjoy every
minute of it you're so lucky like I was
like so from that day on I decided I
would love my wife every single day I
would say I love you wife every single
day that's what I decided then you
hadn't orange and you decided you'd have
an orange every single day since then
and I never Joffe that was an exciting
morning okay put some clothes on what
would you like to see my penis doing a
goggle in your hair we pick a goggle
today can you shake my hand
oh no that's kisses shake at good girl
good girl you guys like my nails I
painted them last night they're not
actually black they're brown because I
hate that polish on me I feel like it
looks too glossy or something it doesn't
suit me so that's as goofy as I'll go
but come on see now let's pick a little
a little hair thing for you what color
do you guys think she should wear she's
done turquoise and she's done purple so
will we do orange or green or red
oh there's red that's kind of festive
mm-hmm but it's not Christmas anymore oh
well we're gonna go with red we go with
red Cena yeah that's your phone girl no
no it goes in your hair okay let's put
in your hair Cena look at mom look uh
mom my good mommy show your Coco
oh you're so pretty it looks so crazy
it's always like a struggle to put it in
I have to do it super fast cause she
like
it was crazy and she like waves our
header and we need to get her another
cookie jar I know it's not a cookie jar
but you know treat your because it's
broke it's broke
thanks for pointing in you go go
anything in this house huh I have to
stop like we were so bad over the
holidays like we fed them you know they
get like tidbits from the table and
stuff and it does make a difference and
it's not good for your dog's like you
shouldn't do it
I shouldn't do it so we were feeding
them like off the table and stuff like
that which isn't good and basically it
does make a difference with like the way
they poop I know this is gross but the
way they poop they poop like runny
that's bad it's bad for everybody like
you guys know it for humans as well but
if they poop like hard that means that
they're eating like a good like not like
rock hard but you know like you know
what I mean I'm not gonna go into detail
but it means that they have a healthy
like that and diet and they eat their
own food like we buy them like pretty
high quality food and buy them Royal
Canin
for the small alec dog and if they eat
that and only that and then just have
like dog treats which are like the
bakers rewards and bakers gentle
delicious that's what they get for like
when they have to mind the house I think
eat only those things that no human food
you can tell it's the way they poop and
everything and like they don't have
accidents really as much in the house
and it's just better so I'm trying to
stop like last night Jonathan they were
sitting on the couch in like we kept
like well he did and I did a bit as well
but we kept like hanging them so they
just beg it's so bad I know it's so bad
to do it so I'm trying to really stop
and like be strict and if they want to
treat I'll give them like a dog treat
instead because I know how about a bit
and it's actually dangerous as well so I
don't know I think about and I'm just
like oh god I don't I
can't do that so um we can't do that
anymore
we had to trace your new calendar it's
from lip my grandmother in my OMA and
that's so cute let's see oh yeah and
then it's one of those ones where you
like write your name but look what the
idiot did me yeah I brought it in Sunday
because how confusing is this like the
name like obviously you would think
you'd write it there but God anyway I
did it wrong but you write the names and
then like you say like say Cena has like
a doctor's appointment or vets
appointment you write that in there so
see we're all going to Dublin all four
of us on Friday it was Erica's birthday
on the first and it's my mother-in-law's
birthday on the 28th I think that's
great
yes and um they're so cute the little
puppies that they have because everybody
knows I love dogs so they always get me
oh that one's kind of crazy that's
alby's month because Albie turns three
let's see what Cena's needs is Xena and
I share a birthday kind of because hers
is one day before - oh I see well that's
cute that's very cute like that yeah so
they're very very good and it's um it's
it's German because my grandmother's
Germans that's why in case you guys were
wondering but is that your Lina's pie
this was a mince pie rawhide treat that
she got from Emma my sister for
Christmas do you love it
I'm sad that Christmas is over I have to
get rid of our tree soon he's kind of
sad though but I guess that just marks
the start of a new year and everything
now I'm an impatient be wrong here but
um do you think I should change this
thing do you think that's done enough or
do you think there's still life in a
whole crap Porsche screw up in the pot
and I was thinking it's not as effective
as it used to be and they looked awkward
I was like wait a second
isn't that the scrubby bit and that like
this spongy bit
like there's pretty much no scrub in
that left use it to the last drop
see you like it's supposed to be like
that thing precise we're gonna try and
do Jacob's walk with you today video and
as soon as she is finished filming her
video we shall play tail go for walkies
but um normally this is the right time
when I upload the blog because once I
upload the vlog it's kind of in
YouTube's hands as you would say to
control it manage it you know I just
like send them off because I'm you know
in the show thing automatically
scheduled for 6:00 p.m. delivery
something happened yesterday and it all
went wrong
it went terribly wrong and it went like
it like three o'clock is online so kind
of cautious today to do so I'm like wait
a little bit later just in case the
check you mean is still a little bit
Caputi you know but um yeah what the
other thing I was just want to say
because I was just reading the comments
there and people were saying why isn't
Eric on the blogs or why can't you see
more Eric and blog just wanna say it's
just like yeah we keep asking about that
if anybody is not on the videos if you
do not see someone's face on a video but
they're in our company it's because it's
their choice not to be on the videos you
know so like you don't see mama
starlight it's not like were stopping
here it's like she's requested not to be
on it
emma has requests whatever doesn't
really care but she's wanted up in her
face you know and Eric has requested a
you know because you know she still
quite young and she just doesn't want to
be you know we're putting ourselves out
to be scrutinized and to be feeling
something she doesn't want that in her
life so that's kind of the reason why I
am I would say like if we never ever got
any hate ever on a video she thought it
would be fine about it but you know some
of the old videos and she was in it she
read the common
like she can see what people are saying
being critical on us upland hail I was
14 I wouldn't want that in my life so
you know no I can take it picture to an
RV beach interesting that mm-hmm
gentle is you gentle is one 100 puppies
Jenny I say all that that's moved right
no he didn't he just wanted to get seen
as pumpkin pudding she who wants to go
for a walk ease think they're hyper so I
just filmed a video and I did a
different setting because I really liked
how it looked in them memory yes was it
yesterday day before yesterday slot I
did I was showing Eric has presents we
just set up the vlog camera like just
randomly and I really liked the
background because it was like the
little pink orchid in the window and
everything it was just I don't know it
felt more like holy or something then
the other setting which is just like I
mean I know I have my my lights now like
my candle lantern anything knees and
they're really nice and I might actually
move them into frame but um I don't know
it feels more like a stop feels more
like a studio whereas like the other
when I had the plant and everything it
just it looked more like my room you
know I don't know if that makes sense
but I liked it so it felt like you know
you guys are there with me like having a
chat like a girly chat and like my my
room I don't know if I'm just like me or
like if that doesn't make any sense but
to me it does so um
walkies I can't see much it looks like a
crazy person um so yeah we're gonna go
for walkies and it's super sunny outside
it's also very cold but it's super sunny
outside for for once so we're gonna take
them out and I think we're gonna do the
long one it's not right go fit yeah yeah
we're gonna do the long walkies
and look she's making progress on her
pudding can you see Jill mom can you
show that
oh god it's wet yeah yeah it's almost
gone she's pretty good for her to sees
hello come on let's get your harnesses
on come on come on let's go Liam it's
going on he always is this little thing
where he has to run away from the
harness it's like a little game he plays
it's so annoying because every time he
does it
you have to like try and catch him yeah
let's see let us see about your harness
this is alibies pile yes this is alibies
pile though you need to get your one
okay
okay looks good seen us thanks you know
might be under mine here
Cena's with her two coats become
actually it makes a difference when she
wears two coats because she's like
obviously got shorter hair than I'll be
right now so she gets freezing and the
so cold outside so we have to put two
coats
under what do you want aren't you with
your two coats you're like some kind of
I don't know like a homeless person or
don't thank you yeah we're two coats I
don't care it's cool
nature glorious nature cool-looking
there looks like something from Lord of
the Rings or something doesn't it I'll
be come on and get run over by the bike
pressure huh
come on guys it is because all the
doggies out there I love house nature
nature in here like the nature you
fonder the nature e'en kissing nature
and nature's kiss that'd be a good name
for something wouldn't it
it does kiss leave me a comment if you
can name products called nature's kiss
or something about nature's kit yeah or
if you can take a picture and stick it
on my facebook oh if there's like
something there has to be something
about nature's kiss or I need to
register nature's kiss calm I don't know
what I'm gonna do it but it could be
amazing oh my god is gonna be the best
idea I've ever had in my life a little
slow poke come on intercepted poker face
slow poker face okay but I'm going this
way
thank you like walking himself just just
wondering how long I'm gonna come to
them it's like a love story when they
meet each other
hmm
all grown up
oh no no that's probably your plan all
along hey splash woman dad nothing he's
right
give it your all like what you talked
about you'll never know
you think horsies want to see horsey
horsey he's having his lumps calculate
the horsies yes sir what's your old TV
part of the pack now I'll be this way
right this way
Xena Xena
are you a little buddy hi hi there oh my
god come what do your example for mommy
girls not a speck on him guys no oh
goodness they are so muddy
oh not a speck of mud on them but Xena
please Lee covered them or have to pay
the toll okay I'm ready go find the lady
of white pants and papa
yeah they have a dog I get real low it's
so cool like imagine growing up I was
thinking be so cool to grow up with like
these two because like they're so small
and when our little boy is growing up if
you like really little horses you know
like to play around him like cuz I Dylan
my godson nephew he my brother has dog
Scooby he's about the same size be a
little bigger
yeah he's tight yeah Tania but Dylan's
always giving him food and cell phone
ordering him around - no but I've grown
didn't turn a special relationship
come on monkey lucky nickname my
goodness look the cars still there and
it's still all crashed if you don't know
what I'm talking about you should watch
us to this video they even killed the
car look listen oh it's up yet oh well
actually it is a penis
I think I should get a haircut now that
I get top haircut I was head down and
just like it just decides but I wish I
could just like just cut the sides and
don't touch the top of my head because
I'm trying to do something like I know
I'm always afraid I've got this bright
blue but that's what I did in Middleton
and I was afraid of like what would I
look like and he didn't push might
happen I worked out really well hurry
get into dinner what he goes on for
dinner beans what are you thinking oh
yeah bean chili yeah okay that sounds
awesome and fajitas all right
mmm awesome
don't want any joining she's at
tomorrow's I do want to get a jar oh
really
what are you gonna put it in like fajita
if I don't put it in rice did you
you guys put that hair if I like to joke
with why you're beating this up
don't forget pay attention to your wife
rice long grain rice hope papadums Papa
bones
so let's blast kupo
whoo-hoo poems yes sorry alright just
acting the fool mmm oh you did say that
recently you need olive oil beans
and we have peppers wrap green peppers
because I think they might have peppers
over there yeah all right awesome high
five was ahead five you see Cena walking
around oh oh hi Abby
you see Cena is that the door didn't you
and now the end is near it's a sad time
of Christmas when you're eating the last
of your Christmas cake this is it guys
Christmas cake is going to be goalie
immed this is the last little Christmas
cake here oh how I missed you Christmas
cake that was made by Anna's mom's
friend
his mom was that Edna's mom yeah Anna's
mom's friend's mom made this cake she
was at our wedding but I'm oh so good
it's so good I'm gonna chunky cherries
and fruits and stuff but this is it
that's the last that we actually ran out
of ours and I asked my stylist and she's
like oh I just have some left if you
want I can she does really like and I
was like oh my goodness gracious
goodness gracious so she gave it to me
and this is it this is it I'm having it
with some peppermint green tea and we
are going to we're going to enjoy it and
say goodbye to the Christmas tree and
then a couple of days we're saying
goodbye to her Christmas tree I just
said tree tonight Christmas cake gone
and then the tree is God is it snowing
again
no it's pretend snowing sleeting or
sleep is such a tease it's the enter
time I think I'm gonna cook some whoa
what the hell
I was about to cook some dinner and look
what just arrived holy crap oh yeah
put some a wholesome salad oh my god
oh my god I can't explain it
I don't understand I was getting the
couscous ready next thing you know the
pizza arrives he's even drinking some
water he's thirsty no it's dead beg hard
is raining in the toilet I'm not ready
to give up yet okay I tell you what when
the Christmas tree goes we're called
with say Christmas is over and then
we'll start being all like you know back
to making the dinners and on an SL
well the Christmas tree remains it's
pretty much Christmas all as long as if
the tree says Christmas on it what's in
here Oh
Oh Oh YUM yeah I'm excited
I'm sorry excited hey you except out
sick
I'm excited that you excited I'm excited
I wasn't very good voices Nina does the
better voices like Nina's like the voice
drove them el maestro voice broke a lot
of ketchup is the only catcher we're
talking about our course - this is Heinz
ketchup who makes ketchup HP but you
hate me make ketchup or hates me make
brown sauce I don't know no you know
what they did though
look at this they gave us Pepsi Pepsi I
know it's a parody of your choice it's
new generation let's be honest who
drinks Pepsi Gucci do drink Coke or
Pepsi because always always coca-cola
never Pepsi Cola like you like section
right I was trying to be funny with my
coke Cola and Pepsi Cola but yeah I
don't even think I've seen a bottle of
Pepsi in so long but that's what it
looks like guys if you guys have you
forgotten what Pepsi us struggle peepees
do you want to go peepees huh encouraged
by the idea of getting some food hey you
pee outside yeah get those going
come on said you know chances because
they know they can smell the tasty food
looking at liquor straight out to pee
smell tasty food she's thinking like
this might be a good time to go peepees
on the off chance that might give us
some food I'll be glad I can see you
she's already back
wait Tina look at me she's gonna stand
there there come on do your business
your bee's knees
I want to see some bee's knees bee's
knees peepees I watch him once he got in
the movies let me know tree oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah anime be damned get this
joke off pretty alike
you guys watch that isn't any good well
I enjoy it
probably not what's it about is there
robots
their spaceships is your tribe travel
what's in it
what's in the bag come on it it in in
yeah that does not guarantee you're
gonna get some treats but guarantees I
love you guarantees I will allow you to
stay in my home for one more day it's
not right Nene's mm-hmm okay bring port
the food yeah all right okay so you send
a guy out that would get us up yeah all
right thanks
that was ridiculous
it says that on the site oh man
and we've Isis gone to the bad guys I
played a second half the stuff is
missing oh those guys they're pizza plug
huh Pizza Pizza - it should be called
pizza - hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the Ciccone Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
that's a fact
