good morning world would stay that way
too late again didn't we
you'll hit the old 4 o'clock here little
birdie smells like nuts but we did watch
the shell at home and you guys watch
Sherlock Holmes last night or and so
it's coffee at home if you Steven Moffat
one boy M I saw a friend of mine in the
u.s. tweeted me is like oh I'll watch
that last night so I was like oh some of
you guys in u.s. kwacha or maybe
downloaded it from a site or something
but ads yeah it's pretty cool like it's
a really good isn't it like a baby
it's a good area for its fruits and
yogurt I just have a Joffe dopey NN pee
your pants man pee your pants
yeah what's the thing I got yeah yeah
but I like getting over you I hate
people getting very fine when you end up
going bad like ridiculous o clock and
getting a very fast look I saw me it is
yesterday yeah that's like it did snow
now go
three spirit for a Jacob's place Jacobs
walk tonight do you guys wanna go for
Jacobs walk pin it right here ooh
skip the dough fees what's that part in
the yogurt yeah jarred breakfast is my
breakfast there's my lunch
Peter Hurley heard some toys guys get
some toys if you can't pick it up
yeah you guys are hilarious
I was just about to head over to the
shop to get some soup - making my bowl -
cooking my finger at my soup and then I
came to the fridge to see is to actually
sleep in the fridge oh hello hello there
hello there my friendly friend then I
remembered because ah Monsieur this is
beautiful because my Chinese guys never
eat a whole pizza eat a half a pizza
have a second half a pizza the next day
second a pizza F T mm mm oh yeah ftw my
little beauty how much it even easy
become oh yeah pretty excited about that
pretty excited about that I must say it
was excited with me the turn I beat the
system by not having the other shot
because of the pizza but I had no juice
I like my juices in the morning time
like a tasty juice in the morning time
do you like to taste the juice more
anytime you like a juicy person this
place looks like an abandoned like after
some sort of an invasion this is like mg
no that guy's car it's not a good
situation
you guys want from the shop this is what
I like my favorite apple juice at the
moment the end of someone definitely got
your face we see them in white dusty
right yesterday's one for is like the
apple juice like those can a produces
like clear like the p1
you know it's like dusty in clarity
that's
just anything else I'm a such America
Sosa's I'm about to eat the pizza I
should probably run up the stairs
you know just summer I need the pizza
you know just yeah the workout versus
the sitting on my ass making myself
luncheon and I'll be outside and he had
just done a pee-pee so gonna give him a
treat enemies treat jar and then I lift
it up by its lid and this no the trees
are fine no it's just here and stuff so
the doctor it's like I don't want them
to get little their little paws
scratched this one and I it was so
stupid because you know how Yankee
Candles like it's the same thing when
you pick it up by the lid so sent my
love I was in hong storm orange to
suffer a Yankee Candle by its Lin it's
smashed but like in the store but it's
so bad thing when stuff like that
happens because you know you do it you
know you do it I know I'm sure people
are gonna be like I never do that I
always told about well you know you do
it like for laziness you always do it or
at least I probably Bennett I play yeah
I was stupid I was like trying to get
over those suction ones they're quite
shake you know yeah yes you think it's
gonna change that was such a good people
you know they're from TK Maxx maybe
they'll have
more there yeah well we get the exact
same one in with two minutes hmm
well I left them in because it's kind of
free oh no make their nearest ISM get
stick in their paws so straight in
straight maybe she got a fright because
she was in here when it happened and she
hates loud noises and stuff okay come on
in no no come here
okay first Sina you know where is he
nice she might be like traumatized let's
see oh my god she's like cowering at the
gate what no she's she's so scary cuz
she was in there when I thought that can
you get her okay
it wasn't your fault she gets so upset
for life choices I'll be no no no no no
it's too dangerous
oh okay it wasn't your fault it was
mommy's fault she's like that for loud
noises and alby's never close the door
behind you alby's never been in that
because he like grew up for the first
part of his puppyhood in london and
there was always like fireworks and
explosions like not explosions but like
lab boys
and she's always grown up in like the
country
not really but like cork is a small town
yeah so she's not used to like sirens or
like loud noises and when something
lands like she she doesn't like it like
I was watching a video this morning and
somebody stand in it but yeah somebody
screamed it and Cena went running into
the back there's more here Jonathan I
know but it's here too just in case oh
hey you got your Chort you're getting
your toy done accidentally yesterday I
could have and the only toy that I hate
doing and like we're supposed to do is
vacuuming sounds like I know I'm just
gonna deface anything so like can you
direct me please and the vacuuming never
got done you know when you cuz don't
know you know when you like dust and all
the dust you like you do it like top to
bottom so that everything ends up on the
floor but then nobody my lunch which is
probably Poland now how about your cold
package because I like when the bread is
more in oh you toasted it yeah anyways
I'm gonna eat this upstairs and maybe we
should do the dirty work
thank you
if you didn't watch yesterday's vlog
well you better watch it and you know
realize that many ways own the place is
covered in stars from these little gold
stars that we got the ones on the table
I actually took care and all the crazy
part
oh yeah
they can hate the vacuum here
so I was sitting in my room and I just
uploaded my video and everything and I
was like it's just thinking it's so
going it's like I don't want to go
outside but I know I have to take albums
enough for a walk and remember guys this
is one of my resolutions was to do like
to exercise some hell or another every
single day and my kind of goal was to do
it in the in the form or the shape of
taking you for a walk yes because Albion
Cena needs to want every single day and
sometimes because of the weather and
everything it doesn't happen so I mean
there are small dogs anyway so they kind
of get a lot of exercise just running
around the garden and stuff but it's not
even like the exercise part it's just
like this social part like they need to
socialize other dogs and like smell
things and mark their territory and all
that kind of stuff so plus they enjoy it
more and I feel like they're happier
when they get walks all dogs are happier
when they get klux isn't that right
so um plus I always feel better
afterwards I'm for exercise so um the
walk that you normally do takes about
three minutes and it was like one of my
resolutions was to do this every single
day and I'm sitting in my room is like I
don't want to do it it's too cold
outside or you don't want to do it and
then I was like no I have to I made this
a resolution so we have to do it okay so
if you're feeling unmotivated about your
resolutions pick yourself up and
remember why you made it in the first
place because you'll feel better
afterwards okay so we are going for what
we did yesterday you know it's only the
second this is gonna be a long year but
uh so we're gonna take them for a walk
and we should have gone earlier because
it was brighter and it was let me
but mom is stupid and plus she was busy
is not right okay so we're gonna go for
the walk now
isn't that right joke this and she's so
excited for your walkies you're playing
minecraft I got it I got a diamond pick
a diamond sword I had it all and I died
and I spawned miles away and it took me
like three days to get there by the time
I got back everything was gone he was
dying about this yesterday it was and I
was like I I'm trying to understand okay
so come on guys who wants to go for a
log ease a mother effing mother effing
walkies who wants to go echo for a lot
Monday afternoon
oh my god is so cold my hands are frozen
I actually don't know where my gloves
are oh my goodness I need to get my
gloves and I'm stuck with the slow dog
and it's got the speedy dog as your bask
in the Sun but you wintertime it's not
fun I want to walk fast
so lucky you got the speedy dog come on
come on Odie
come on slowpoke one heights dog doesn't
add up the right it's time to go to
Tesco and get some num nums typical
Tesco and get full of love what do you
think that I see all right God I'm kind
of splitting headache splitting head
ache
I'm a cruise my head is splitting you
just go back there sir I don't even know
where the goggles are that used to
belong to that but we must go and get
some num nums what should we get today
guys I can't decide should I buy all the
sweets and treats and food in the world
or should i buy some vegetables and oats
and who knows who knows these things
Alvey what are you waiting for you know
what's going on come on in there
ready jeez this bitch treat
vegetate first your treats
first your cheese please don't focus
guys I'll play the best Ajit game you
know oh good job Ali I should treat Sina
her feet right
oh good girl Cena what's the bet you
tell me I don't even know where they are
so I can encourage them oh yeah sure
Serie A B you get another one I love the
smell of laundry and it has it smells
really good
this is God is your name uses what's
that Oh
who got it who's gonna carry is there
more a scene is seen as hyperventilating
scene has had too much a clothesline
Albie Toby you just track Cena no Xena
Xena you know your boy wait I got the
whole Cena back like did you know she
went out he find her
I know to find it I didn't you just read
it over I like pushes they write in a
way it needs it like really some more
you guys aren't very good at it today to
be honest
yeah you're not really usable no hmm
you're not going to use your abilities
use your nodal point it's important it's
important and likes to use your nose
kids right we must be on our way to
yonder Ville to get some num nums don't
worry I brought a gyro for the trolley
gonna outsmart me this time
three Jack Johnson it's always dark in
the car at nighttime when we're going to
the shops in the nighttime because
there's only doctors into the winter
time it's actually pitched are going hon
even fear right now you know I can get a
picture right sorry
we'll do a radio show hi guys I'm going
to 102 point you like my heart that was
a radio show yeah gonna be a windscreen
the waiters oh sorry okay wait and we're
back we're super 5.8 hi it's Joe Pez and
welcome to 16.5 minutes it's so what's
shaking at news recently radio show this
is always happens done no no I was
rather when it's like a billion minus
one degrees
we were just talking about like what we
were allowed to do when we were younger
and just talking about like it's so
funny how's the more kids your parents
have like the younger gets the more
you're allowed to do like so Eric has
alleged to do a lot more than I was
allowed to do because I was the first
year the girl Trobe yeah and I was the
first of my mom's kids so she was always
really like protective of me obviously
and I think it was only around age 15
because I looked a lot older than I
actually was and she kind of like I
don't know she just she let me do more
stuff than like I was allowed to go to
discos and stuff like that and yes over
here in Ireland you call them discos
before you call them clubs because all
the Americans are like my trying to call
it discos we don't disco damn yeah in
Europe they all call it discos but
anyways so bass discotheque and then
when you reach 18 you go to a club
that's how it works but anyways so you
can do business so injuries
I was allowed to go eventually when I
was fifteen hierarch I was elated to go
last year because she's my mom's third
child you know like obviously it just
gets so scared more relaxed it's as you
have more cheese
just care I was a turned child so my
mind I was like yeah whatever whatever
you know I don't run her over
walk faster she had she doesn't know
she's got a shiny tell that you do you
want your job so there's that's happened
it went like you're like oh are you say
something or not even you don't even
acknowledge it and then someone's like
oh that's me in the blog at whatever is
in it in the bread and she said hi we're
going to be heading to that Testament
are you working tonight could be a
second glad this guy left to comment he
was like that was me in the fog and I
remember him he was like he works in
Tesco and he was Oh Brad yeah stocking
bread and I remember him because I
thought he was like he looked nice call
me but I remember him because I think he
must have smiled at me or something and
then he left a comment whoa whoa whoa
dude you smile at my wife he was like
why that's the nose thank you it was
absolutely ridiculous like but anyways
if you see us you should say hi but then
Jonathan said that oh no you get in
trouble if you do that well they're just
released Rick goes look at this and the
buzz in the Christmas tree it's not
plural
don't worry Christmas is over so who
cares fine white light was saying Google
insert yeah was very confining late now
you can see us again whatever I see
noticing it sounds really scary it's
nervous
control over you like to get married oh
yeah I just asked people question every
time I see an ad would you like that
would you like a trolley
would you like a no would you like to
clean your car this is great very quick
yeah would you like to go to Tesco we
like to go to Max's ooh this is the fun
blog so exciting and we're eating like
advertisement oh we do like to go next
would you like to exit that is really
work I think I think you're done and
become done I think you're done goodbye
goodbye the Christmas section is getting
to what
oh my god it's Easter it's like two days
after New Year's and it's Easter time
already
hmm I got smaller it's getting and
smaller is getting that is crazy guys
already eat your stuff lunch what they
were so expensive it's like a fiber
which actually makes cases stop-motion
yeah they're the best ones they either
than that does that damn as well mixed
cases yummy
that's awful if they were jelly we think
oh man spires I look a little left
peloton oh no no no kind of
did I know I do that sometimes I just
get it all it's kind of suck yet no
waiter so small
is it cuz they're out of season
utter in season yeah as far as like the
actual individual ones are huge when
thousands
well that tiny breakfast or they're all
right that's not she good-sized one
too much or a big matter of this observe
obstruction or obstruct the call those
things are popular
that's probably what this is everyone's
got the same plan first piccolo from
Italy Italian Pomodoro this where's your
one little when you want all the way
back there standing I think it'll be
really funny
if you like put the lady please stand
off the aisle they don't actually sell
the apple juice here ghost when I bought
this morning and in a while maybe the
apple juice doesn't sell the same oh oh
what what what how do we got nice
but he said these are the membrane
things
my views of remembering things great
value it is great value oh wow
only two heroes 70 cent Wow boy you
should get one of them yeah yeah let's
break the bank
I know forget it do it I don't know what
kind of options you have or the
highlights there was fridge brownie
anything forge brownie flavored is going
to be good that's just best one or
another Joe fast tidbit of information
if it says rowdy just get it you'll be
pleased
well that's because it's chocolate
brownie chocolate chocolate brownie can
also be a good substitute for fudge
brownie but you know it's probably gonna
have a better time with what Franny but
if she's going to samplers
we were you gonna commit oh nice nice
moves yeah break it down whoa yeah what
do you think I think it was good dance
what do you think guys I like when you
bite a sampler because I just feel like
that's committing
what do you want I don't really know I
like Miss madness we do ooh I like the
dream would you write caramel I like to
belch my chocolate boom Jim yes best
January yet reads in my kids
you see this is why you always try when
something new comes out what do you do
it's another talkative bit of
information pleased to meet you
pleased to meet you oh yeah boom boom
still and still and special offer we're
cleaning up look consider washing up
consider American soup we have to have
like a frat party or something well if
we have a 12 frat party we'll know it oh
my god Wow how does it do it
it's like magic magnetic magic until you
get to the end
what are you partying
possibly possibly thanks this is part of
a crossing
wait a second you can't get in there oh
my god you actually have to go to a
whole long way around oh look I could
sneak in there
sneaky sneaky sneaky I do think so oh
goodness I didn't use quite the English
and we all hear your concerns okay
oh thanks
we made it
who made it to Kentucky's all right if I
eat it I got the job of bringing the
trolley back
got to push it from here all the way in
no that's a menace
the game the game
believe that it wasn't work those are
eminence
report for
victimised delicious hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
