Happy New Year guys
and it's Erica's birthday it's her 14th
birthday today so we got her some things
yesterday I don't know if you guys even
really saw but this is her card it's
purple which used to be her favorite
color but I'm just kind of assuming I'm
not sure if it isn't but I think she
still likes it and then we went to one
of her favorite shops which is called
new look and it's actually really good
because I had a really great sale on it
so I got her a lot of stuff so do you
guys want to see you up here there we go
all right so I got her this which I love
I would love this for myself isn't that
so cute it's a kind of chunky knit it's
got little pockets in the front and it's
like a cream or like champagne color and
then it's got some gold thread running
through it so it's really really cute
and yeah long sleeves really chunky
kinda heavy as well and then I got her
this oh it doesn't have what I don't
know my husband's it doesn't okay so
this skirt because you know she's a lady
now um but I thought she could maybe
wear this out because she's kind of
getting to that age now where she's
going out and stuff so um this is a navy
blue kind of like a pencil skirt but
it's it's amazing really well it
probably comes to like above the knee or
something so I thought my mom would
still find it a broom pregnant so um
it's really cute I think this would look
really cute on here um and I got it in a
smaller size so that it would be really
fitted and get it yeah my mom's probably
watching this like oh but anyways Oh
it's like a pencil skirt it's got gold
zippers on it and then I thought it
would go really well with the Joker if
she wants like I mean maybe not to go
out but and then the last thing is this
which I know she loves because she has
told me before that she is obsessed with
Peter Pan collars which are really in
right now apparently and this is what I
got her so it's a little shirt or blouse
and I got this in a kind of a blush pink
which apparently is gonna go with
something else that my mom gutters I'm
happy about that and then it's got a
cream lace collar and it's got the peter
pan collar and it's really loose and
flowy and she can like you know where
this tucked into the skirt if she wants
to
underneath the jumper yeah I thought it
was really cute so I hope you guys like
it everything that I got let me know
what you think and yeah we're gonna give
them to her later on so at eleven
o'clock we're supposed to be at a momma
solids now for Erika's a prize-giving
and what are we up to
oh we're wrapping the presents that's
typical us should wait until the last
moment and it stopped working go ahead
don't actually like do the thingies
thingies does your em up well you've
probably already seen this but I just
think this is so hilarious isn't it you
probably already know we're just in the
middle of creation so I did something
that wasn't like so serious no you know
when it's being annex stupid stupendous
you guys like big rolls the question
though how do you import the figs in the
fake roll I don't know do you guys know
do you guys know we're gonna go to
Erica's office where's Erica oh oh you
know you know no one
um Marcus 14 heads aren't dogs and seven
years every year thing I don't think I
can get stupendous I guess but it works
for a big dog but not like yeah yeah
kind of odd
it's an odd one Irish for them I know
everyone always says it like oh it's
seven years to win your I know what do
you think of that you think like the
seven year to one year thing makes any
sense I personally do not think I think
that
alby's two years old because I go by the
human in human years
what about these 14 years old he's 18
years old yeah yeah yeah oh my god nice
packaging thank you ready okay guys we
rehearse tonight it's okay we're not the
most unorganized people in the world
like it's not even written but I have
cutest fashion this are gonna look at
this thing that I just made really
quickly as I arrived
whip that together Hello Kitty candles
Hello Kitty
they're cool they are day one are they
rose ones that you blow out that don't
work oh god the wick is waxed huh it's a
wet wick and I blew a flaps over like
that
don't touch it my meringue Smashbox oh
there's another thing Wow oh yeah right
my socks dave shoot a fun socks I got
them from Santa Claus
you are near Santa Casa it's an
appropriate for my show yeah no no no
I'll be has always been so close to his
oh my he's just been sitting there
because she's getting stuff from him
there and he's just been sitting there
the whole time is so cute
she knows her hell he just sat there
like really loyal like come on I'm just
gonna wait for you now ya know the
present owes me
none of them sorry they look that's our
card our Christmas paper got proper
birthday later the whisper I think some
yes
I'm thinking of annoying come on come on
Emma
everyone's watching this is how
professional cook Emma who falls over
you see em they're kind of wiki are they
they're waxed yeah he treats them really
hard to light you're running in a match
that's right
well Emma get all the candles lit before
she burns her finger
Gina next week to find out know
Bernie got one match we don't have a
second match we lost three look at this
my uh my HTC iPhone my app so mark
player Aldo in it goes like it came with
Erik is one like if you kind of just put
the sticker on it's like me like I can
have street cred come around like yo
check out my iPhone my my HTC iPhone the
apps don't work very well though it's
got FaceTime on I thought school you
don't she don't know if a space
isn't it yeah yeah anyway wait no D you
can't talk to people anymore you have to
talk through a device yeah it's like
it's like yeah exactly exactly
FaceTime in the kettle so today Sunday
which means it's cleaning day and point
me when I know it has to be done and
look at this I'm gonna show you
something really gross right oh that
didn't anything well it did in real life
but you can't see it on camera but
that's super dusty and it needs to be
dusted so also another little problem um
because of our little issue with the
tumble dryer being broken due to my
inability to know what's going on and I
did not know that you had to convince
builder um that sentence didn't ring
ever since but anyways because of that
the laundry has been piling up so
certain laundry basket right here I
think you'll find it's very um
great size you know like that's
basically it right there that's where it
ends and there's a slipping pile so I
need to wash everything I need to strip
the beds and oh my god my life is so
glamorous you know we have so many great
choices and then a need to clean all the
bathrooms and everything I used to do
everything I need to clean everything
because Sunday's cleaning day and it's
important and hopefully this video will
motivate you guys to clean your houses
okay because you don't want germs it's
important to clean okay okay almost
finished
almost finished I got my little helper
here you just got up here
stayed up I'm easily up Lenny went over
to sleep
Oh My Little Helper yes cuz then look
I'll tell you what I'm in this cage it's
a ten to three so I gotta get that vlog
me see the broad least because it sheds
me has to be done at a certain time so
time crunching plus I'm okay the pizza
tonight boom we're all very proud of you
but I love you very much for the hard
work and cleaning that you do because to
be honest I wouldn't do that I'd be
useless until I get distracted with the
fairy dust dirt and end up playing a
game with the dogs I do but I love you I
know it did almost worked
it almost worked guys did you did you
show them the stuff you take out of that
yesterday we taught me company figured
it out but no it wasn't the block up
filter thing whatever you call it
part of that but maybe that blew a fuse
and then I flus is burnt now so maybe
the plug the fuse plug socket thing is
my next objective to test okay which I'm
sure your I think I will go with the
creamy Bayes law let's try not to drop
it today okay came a free net lovely oh
yes this chick this apple juice sucks
like it's not like one of your five a
day pure day just it sucks fruits
sort yourself out because it's crap
apple juice you know it's like um
apple juice kind of saw myself where I
like apple juice it's my favorite kind
of juice to be honest I don't worry my
mother a mother is citrus suggest your
finger which is like orange she's not
fan of the orange juice boy try to
sample a few of them and we're open
I like climbing the apple juice that's
where I look for it the coyote sort out
because then you know it's kind of fresh
but that's like it looks good well it
looks like pee you know it's pee colored
and it's just clean and pee looking and
it's like no I like my apple juice
Clinic cloudy if you like your apple
juice pee for Cody Oh golly
Oh golly gee golly first walk of 2012
I remember 2011 like it was yesterday
what two days ago for you so I hope you
or appreciate my joke maybe I should
just tweak that now just so I got this
so I got the street cred for saying this
thought about shriek radio good it's
good for he's freezing cold freezing
cold I'm in a rush because I get said
you're done get the thing uploaded you
know I find out Santa Ana when I'm
editing I'm watching the routes back I
kind of feel like I'm all new again on
YouTube or something cuz I'm like
leaving so much in or and ended it and
it's like what if you guys realize you
don't actually like me what if my
personality sucks I went at all a quick
cut editing it's kind of like you can
protect yourself by hiding behind all
the editing but now it's like you can
see everything and it's like what if you
don't actually like me what are you
doing easily are you trying to build a
heart or something
come on look mommy's gone they've left
us they've abandoned us because we're
taking like a million years
so come across today do you still like
me even then edit it by family no it's
okay bye guys I'll see you in a minute
do the old job' cuz the judgement won't
work if I if I continue on plus the
rendering took too long so oh oh
goodness you can get my computer to send
me text messages about their projects
that's working on so the render harmless
basically told me hey bunny your video
is finished you want to upload that I'm
like yeah actually I don't often almost
have to get some pizza pizza for Eric
Cass birthday she's there all her
friends like so they're all hanging out
so we're gonna go over embarrass the
hell it at the mall what do you guys
think of that huh
your dad's from Kabul Adil you guys that
check out what what what just in case
you haven't checked the link below
goodbye one but yeah looking forward to
it I think we're getting Domino's it's
our two four twos down today's Sunday
what's the pizza deal on Sundays do you
guys have a pizza deal on Sundays 0x1
get home free
I like to for Tuesday that's the best
deal ever whoever invented two for
Tuesday isn't it what about six for
Sunday seven for Sunday seventeen
seventy pizzas for Sunday buy one get
seventy free now sounds like a good deal
I'll take it
from impossible and impossible and I
can't I want to go through this
impossible land and get 70 Sunday pizzas
oh my god she pregnant oh my god Jesse
Jesse Jesse put it in the comments type
it in good shoes on Abed what the hell
is a bedsore that's like old and they
people say from laying on one side only
number boom it's called number so in
your thing Glee know something it's just
like it's sore like but you're only
sitting there you are like that whether
you're 24 now what about you want to be
taking it easy
I know for WikiLeaks this morning but uh
good if the intro completed and the blog
duties up loving your comments PS thank
you very much for your nice comments
about our blog ADIZ we have to walk
around this now I right let's blow this
joint
you ready to blow so you blow come on
come on come on
Oh already dry music enhance Marcus
what's this plan does that miss you
David West Road need a dude you like to
run over there does a hidey-ho neighbor
at see how it's called
oh look happy birthday to cooking
birthday just know oh see universe
there's like a gunshot maybe that's a
good and we're seen in that time in that
place we don't talk about that one went
in for three months I don't know why did
you hole in your birthday
it wasn't even the place we don't talk
of those in Jacobs Oh
can you guys remember when seeing a
burst of loan yeah
Toby's for the boots and Jacobs parties
every day this is like party central
look happy birthday I'll be careful
oh you just messed him all up
I had them arranged alphabetically geez
look chapters chatzi's hey you're right
and that's so cute
he's like backwards he's like a
backwards Pig look at his hands
it's kinda like a backwards big she does
like cat food
oh my tours been done look it's like we
round up a little kids party vanilla
cups we heard a little kids party this
is sort of a star team I'm an I'm
dressed for a fifth birthday
oh yeah you can't move in until progress
on a sham a party no no we had the
greater the balloons because one of them
burst and about two and mentalism
yeah she's packed up Vinnie she's a bit
traumatized Oh
well she's 14 half her age is the amount
of people that are here we order some
pizzas but you get which ones that I got
I got I think it has bacon in it and
chicken really I think is it happen the
chickens got chicken anyway I'm like
passed over some not sure I'm sure all
over don't screw your words how's this
yeah
Paris is to find ashlar because it's
napkins
Oh sugar sharpies you guys like sure I
don't drink all that I like it's like a
real party now show your talent yeah
show your time cry-cry stars wait wait
Christ's eyes funny it's gonna buddy's
actually stuck here it's a New Year's
crying how many cheeky can stick in your
face see we can make the world record
okay it's kind of painful it's worth it
yeah baby I know how do they just like
stick on you like that
is yours like boys oh yeah
yeah bring on the Doritos the pizza
people again I'm gonna put on speaker
hello yeah yeah all right you can turn
arrow no no okay thanks
all right thanks okay thanks
so we rang me afterwards to tell me by
the way you could have saved 35 euros
but you can't let's just like rubbing it
in my face he said something like the
double deals or something that's
annoying those put it in like a note
then afterwards but now all I can think
of is like what can I cancel my order
and replace it and take 35 euros oh but
it fits damn well why are we calling
them dude we don't need to call them
they can stay upstairs and watched our
movies oh goodness
so is the tree three pizzas each was it
yeah that's what I'm talking about would
you get snore even more snore can't even
get many more Snorri than that can you
is that what is that that vegetarian
yeah that is that even cooked
look cook there's no cheese on it
I feel kind of uncomfortable around
impedes with no cheese that was the best
meal I've had this year swear to God
best man about this year look it is I'll
do the washing up boom
we should get paper plates and how did
you just wrap paper cups and never use
soap ever again be so good that would be
such a good idea if you do that leave me
a comment
no it's not what don't listen to her
it's criminal
don't be listened to it's criminal
watch the plate or the paper plate ooh
kind of expense the paper plates when
all I've liked shiny goes oh that's got
some - listen - yes and that's
snobs here so it's price enough from
Marks and Spencers do you mark
suspenders do paper plates they do their
printer like you like a party place I'm
a nice party
for my - yeah for mark or Spencer oh I
said mark or Spencer's all right what
you're confusing the words but I have
now at all your linguistics all right
that's it there
he's got it delivered would you like a
pizza
sorry timing me know if you guys know
Andrew Reuters leave a comment below
mmm YUM Rooney's look at this badass
badass euros way back oh oh it's gone it
didn't last very long did it
was it tasty boy what am I in for
talking about my experience this bit
here I'm gonna save that bit to the end
then rang strawberry oh my goodness is
this on your blog Emma take out Emily
did you go to Anna's blog it's the
little side picture I don't know I'm not
very good at the words have you ever
given your significant other a good ol
you love me as much they don't you yeah
even though I smack you in the mouth my
new thing now if I'm say god it's my New
York resolution just smack Anna in the
bone more and you Abby wasn't a proper
smack now I thought you wouldn't hit my
guy yeah I think in the time Anna likes
to draw blood and that's it you know you
get your point across
Oh God Xena don't go in there it's
better he's not coming like yeah a nice
straight knife like that will struggle
and you've seen it it's the story of
Saddam Hussein son and he it's the same
technique of slice twice on the belly
pull entry test on it shoot in the head
it's just it's a simple technique you
should try it sometime shoot in the eyes
oh shoot me i Iost I was completely
wrong there oh my god guys it's snowing
it's actually snowing ah oh my god it's
actually snowing and I was only stating
to I later on it's like imagine actually
snow cause it's so cold
oh my god it's no
snow for Jabba's worked oh my god
imagine it sticks oh my god I'm gonna
come back in low I'll check oh my god
this is gonna be the best day ever oh my
god it didn't stick hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolie's can don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be
