that bear oh hey guys hey everyone hey
everyone oh that oh oh what's going on
back at you it's getting this scary uh
I'm up I'm up
nothing garden is alone so I are you
guys today so much to do today
yes I'm in my underpants neighbors I
don't wear underpants no but the boxers
Wednesday I don't wear underpants that
would be an odd statement to be making
cuz then I'd be walking around naked
isn't that right wifey
yeah that would be nice right where are
we going
he Minds are gonna be mental this in
there no no how's it Douglas we have
four it does okay we're gonna matter
what we're gonna expend hours in traffic
so you can film your video I've gotta
edit the vlog of you get head uploader
the schedule so what the PNG
transparency portable Network graphics
yeah just just many viewers I don't know
where PNG is basically has an extra
channel to a JPEG so you've got a
fortune P which is red green blue for
that PNG has an A at the end or GBA into
the Alpha channel which gives a
transparency or you can just think more
like this that it's really up to you
alright so yeah we're gonna Manning so -
are you under your video first
musical number okay
well hopefully I'll get flogged in the
Eternity dance much like very much like
15 ants about chocolate really so we're
going to get Erika's birthday present
we've left it extremely late for dessert
if you're watching it it's today so
leave comments telling Erica happy
birthday and then I'll make her watch
tomorrow's video will be birthday we
weren't invited to the birthday party we
were worried invited tomorrow yeah and
not the pizza to the cake party I want
to watch Twilight over and over again 50
million times while eating pizza and ice
cream oh yeah I'm just pausing it at the
Taylor point
don't um okay we're not like users or
anything but you know that hole is do
you talk thing well I kind of forgot
that it was Erica Sprint's down the
first and I wouldn't eat birthday cake
so I'm gonna put that on hold
temporarily forget it
forgot I swear we will do it eventually
but it's because a lot of people like
yeah our detox 2012 late January read oh
no it's just that Erica's birthday still
it is still a celebration I'm not not
eating
okay seriously yeah my just really
committing to breathe detox won't be an
everything happy birthday or whatever
yeah I know
so what we're gonna we're gonna tell her
to be one I like that one I like the fun
smoothie ones with the be brave one
oh my god yeah those smoothie was the
best funny cuz normally out when music
is too loud somewhere I'll always like
edit it and chop it up but considering I
can't edit anymore
I have to just turning it off every
minutes instead like this cuz that needs
to lead and you know it'll pick open to
be like hey that's copyright metric
who's this on here
Black Eyed Peas just quick well-known
get you wondering why this all choppy
that's nice though little black dress a
little white dress that's very little oh
my god that's a nice dough it's a bit
too classy for her like yeah yeah for
like this goes and stuff you know no
sale
salad solos in case you wanted a
different languages that's awesome I'd
like that I would seriously have to take
30 office
all right so we left that job because we
picked that loads of stuff and then we
moved away we're gonna new lunch I think
you gonna go ght check the GIC cuz
sometimes they're like students stupidly
priced and I don't want a stupid priced
GHB present okay crazy prices Oh Peter
ma'am
if it is a sale on hopefully hopefully
fingers crossed for sale
so Peter much did not have a sale on
boots instead Hey look there's none then
babe ulis a fridge Tara be free therapy
she's always going over she was first
happy addition is that Astra its first
therapy a straightener okay it's a boy
thing to do just walking like this one
Revlon
what about skin live slick does she have
hairy legs when you start getting hairy
legs
ooh Vidal Sassoon sounds Continental
what is it Pro Crowe she doesn't really
care
yeah she's not a hair person she is but
she weren't a straight hair Peter Pan
colors oh yeah oh that one is a Peter
Pan color
this shop is always so loud do you think
so we won't be blocked by a line yeah
will try to go to quiet stores it is
apparent pain was gone with that one
it's kind of cool
pencils here and this
you can actually read them together you
can actually be killed well she's just
been styled by the style ads as well
no I'm goodness okay I hope Eric is not
watching this seriously it was a nine
year old in his 90 euros we're just
holding the other zero that's kind of
cool and then actually pay a bookie
cannon crows awesome do what I'm waiting
here
which one we're gonna bite him the runt
of time I like that one then get that
one and get that one shopping now are
the teenagers getting the lunch you know
it's really funny look buy two and get a
what does that say
Tiffin always not see that a turd Free
Bird isn't no turd turkey Turkey Trina
turd
I don't know it's just like an Irish
thing I think y'all just say turd
somewhere but you say turn to air dry
air do you like oh you pronunciate a
cracker idiom which one again we're
gonna buy two and get a free one alright
well I'm gonna go offer excluding my god
that's the one I reached for that is
really mean well there's chicken and
vegetable I'm never coming here until
tomorrow
I don't want chicken event so untie
chicken and it breaks my heart is her
deal ended
yeah I suppose tomorrow basil you can
never go wrong with trying on basil it's
everyone's favorite vegetable the
Skinner tomato basil then oh and then we
gotta go we gotta go
oh thanks thanks thanks a lot I start
preciate that thanks thanks bye oh my
god I need to hiss like I finally
convinced me oh my god get her this one
look at the toilet
is there one with Taylor in it is their
tally card I have to get her Taylor card
Taylor Lautner
your sister oh that's pretty sister one
I'm telling you just see if it was a
general while I do you want how do you
want we got all right now just got like
whatever happy birthday sister from the
50s no but I would leave you guys maybe
that one star sister I don't really -
alright Plato one she's the kind that
looks like Miffy now looks like her cat
Miffy boom sold sold like same thing
just like exploded yesterday the scene I
was like we put them both outside and
then see now they both weigh just like
they didn't do anything they came back
in you know went upstairs peace what is
wrong with my house duty in the
summertime there's so much better
because they won't go outside cold but
they got in trouble for that
so trying to mop with one independent
very interesting experience always dope
this is a little footprint
cuz he's like does not get the concept
of wiping your feet before you come into
a green let's call it hey I like the
bring nature into my home I think nature
I mean we should be one and you like my
stars look how nice they are
you even see them so cute I love them
they're very festive
what do you guys think they're just the
heads that I just could have liked to
give an like long luscious hair and then
me just a few pictures that show us how
to make out being seen it now and then I
have the car and stuff hopefully did a
new intro with at the start of this blog
so you've already seen it and this is
what I mean yeah putting it together but
just making a cup of tea because
sometimes you need a cup of tea and a
couple of big rolls well yeah but that's
um give credit to whoever suggested luck
drippings gone I said on Twitter and
Facebook boy I don't know most you guys
quite up on me Twitter Facebook but I
fixed the drip look whoever said right I
was reading through the comments and
more like this and someone said
something about like the rubber
underneath the actual and tap ting but
if we call it so I am I pulled it up I
twisted it all the way through it was
like fully on and then I didn't feel it
was really loose so I turned it all the
way off and I pushed it down and I made
it click like Boop and now it turns out
enough so whoever suggested it was the
rubber problem thank you very much for
your and our suggestions still haven't
fixed this little problem
I don't think this actually does
anything to be honest it was like that
when we moved in um I think I might even
for an older tumble dryer or something
but I am gonna try and get new fuses for
their fuselage they start crack gate
joke oh no wait a second don't all
aeroplanes it's a fuselages
oh I guess it's not but yeah I'm gonna
try to act my next endeavor is deceiving
it the Tommo dry working on last day in
2011 2011 it's been a been a heck of a
ride guys and what if you got
resolutions have you guys public many
resolutions I was going to talk about it
be silence juice am editing her video
which when the starlight yesterday about
the resolutions I'm just thinking like
what kind of a resolution like I don't
make something like up like oh I want to
eat this chocolate rolling news weighs
up cuz I don't really because I cut it I
want
turn up and stuff a few months ago and I
did exactly that like I don't talk about
it much because I don't like the kind of
an emphasis on like diet and some way
that because that's just what I want I
just do exercise and stuff but I was
like what could I do and then I seen
that I wasn't sure I really like to do I
really like to stick to it and put up a
video on the Jonathan jory channel once
a week that's for a month outdoors like
creative stuff you know like their first
date and that stop-motion and the paper
band and that kind of stuff but I really
like to really push myself and to do
more stuff on that channel not too much
just like one a week you know so I think
like if ITIF I say to you guys you can
hold me to it I know have fun under
there like two weeks now but it was like
Christmas that's up so starting in a new
year so we're not Fri whereas Saturday
now so starting there will be a video
next week on the Johnsons right channel
and then every single week after that
because if I just keep at it and keep
doing it like you'll get results and
you'll get what you want and stuff like
that so that's that's my new retina is a
resolution ooh
infusion despair mint peppermint and
fennel whoa whoa it smells like sweet
it's a peppermint it's drunk oh look you
know there were like really good from
they come in like they look like I don't
know second hand tea bags or something
it's not work can you use the key back
place although it seems really posh
because I'll get tears in the back right
like you know how to make the right use
only fresh boiled water as we boiled
water has lost its oxygen I'm like who
refill star careful do you eat
physicality because basically when it
kind of goes down like to pass what I
want to do I'll just like we fill it
back up put on top of the water that's
already in it in a month you know that
bring the water to just to boil and then
after the tea straightaway brew for
three to five minutes and serve with
which over that milk 50 percent
spearmint 55 spearmint
30% pure peppermint 10% fennel you
temper sin cara cara mom
cardamom card but am free from cathy
haha was the point of drinking again
I gotta get back to work I was inside
getting custard bastard so do you enjoy
that you looking good so far are you
funny I hope I get it finished by
tomorrow's video cuz I really wanted
first January new intro and you format
everything but I'm and since i gettin
custard she is in a bit of a stress
bucket mood yes every of the going self
and get things organized and do
everything shows gets like how it all
has to be perfect like it on time and
isn't that and I'm like total opposite
I'm like you know like yeah we'll get
there sure don't work out you know which
we drive each other insane sometimes you
know because it's like opposites yeah
opposites do attract and it works well
together it keeps things interesting but
um a lot at a time we're just clashing
cos like she's like and I'm like you
know that song it's at summertime that
was the trumpet I was in am the trumpet
and the evening is yeah hi it's okay I
mean youtuber it's perfectly normal if
you see somebody walking around talking
to themselves it's okay if they're
youtuber because it's okay to talk to
yourself there's no right teenies guess
those for me what is mommy mommy mommy
oh my goodness people are like raiding
the drinks cabinets
it's cry cry cry cry miss jinkx oh my
god I never would go out on New Year's
like do you and did you go out last
night did you have like a crazy New
Year's party I know I weigh my mother oh
my god I just pull the clamp off the car
okay I was just visiting no and you're
like fidgeting cuz you hate talking away
I just pull the cab of the car okay put
that there
but yeah I don't know I've never really
been a go at her cuz Nietzsche was
always so overpriced and stuff and
there's everywhere is packed and all I'm
just like oh forget it you know I just
couldn't be bothered gets custard yeah
custard and cream we decided we all love
you and it'll all be okay did you get
that bacon-wrapped shrimp wrapped in
bacon
yeah got it you ready to do that living
in such a dated thing goodness what did
you just do Emma feast a variety feast
what's that oh is that my chance of here
ah just so you know the White House was
not at our wedding hmm but everything
else was Oh
children outside the Pinocchio shop
that's where you run in and I'm off to
the beach or yeah then you're taking
that picture I think that one okay
they're trying to beat us so our doggy
pictures put one up on us okay just more
oh my goodness it just keeps coming
Oh some more thank you you do it me
three before this looks store-bought
everything here looks store-bought okay
you didn't store by what where'd you get
to put it what's that yeah store-bought
chicken skewers no you made them excuse
you
ball ovens boom I got my name on it
this is great this is just like this is
joy once at a mine
no only there's a bit of shaft ease the
tablet juice who's my little beggar
that's my doodle beggar definitely we
got something yeah something for a
beggar something for a beggar that's
tiny and she's a biter not be a chooser
beggars can't be choosers do you want
get you little get you a little
something else Danielle thick district
something to cross the road there you go
now hey you're good good good good
so Anna was sharing to upload the video
tonight the her new year's resolution
video but there was a problem with the
rendering earlier on today which meant
that we actually had to go and she had
to leave it and step one love onto
YouTube um I'm just gonna bring the
laptop because I'm not really sure what
I'm supposed to do at this point but me
being a good husband I decided to M to
drive over here because going like five
minutes late and actually and collected
for her which is a pretty darn nice of
me but I by now most views of obviously
seeing her video from yesterday if you
did not just in your video why I am what
I said on Facebook yesterday how are
today just a few minutes ago minutes got
a couple hours ago with Sam better big
announcement I think that you know cuz
those new years we've been thinking
about this for like ever since even
before we got married you know then we
got married and then we thought like I
know we wait and stuff and we wanted
like it's kind of like you don't know
whether we should talk about it or not
we didn't know whether we should like
really you know bring it up because it's
not something that's happened yet but
you know it's bad children itself and
like I just feel that we're kind of a
place where having a child wouldn't be
the worst thing in the world that's we
were a few months ago and then I was
like will we have a child and it was
like a little baby I was like no no
that's scary and then it became less
scary and then you know talk to my
brother had a child my sister had a
child you know and I've being around
Dillon and Austin and I thought like it
doesn't seem like that's scary of a big
deal you know and then the more you
think about it the more you're like
actually you know what having a little
kid is kind of cool the only downside
supposing it's kind of not like oh I'm
gonna have a kid boom
you know can't have to wait the law
process happens and all but em we were
pretty sure we just desired we'd say
like in 2012 next year we're probably
going to produce a a little little guy
or a girl I don't want a girl I want a
guy I don't know what's better boys or
girls but I just my brother has a boy
and my sister has a boy and I was like I
don't you kind of think like we could
have like a little mini version of
yourself you know but then Ana's
probably looking for a little mini
version of her stuff I know she wants a
princess and I I want a little odd I
want to like build Lego together I want
to like play games and play I get
jealous when I see some people and like
my brothers and I like you'd be but I'm
paying like you can hear to his son feel
I'm playing it's like it's like I want a
little friends you know like to hang
around in me and subway I like I think
we really cool but then I want a little
girl it can be like Oh daddy put a
little princess dresses on and all that
stuff - I already know like and should
you rush it and find out and because we
could press a button and choose to sex
your trial but then if you do that
doesn't it take the whole mystery out of
it isn't he the only Simon out I don't
really know but this could be like a
really exciting year you know it could
be yeah this could be a crazy air you
know this does happen I hope it does you
know but like like everything you just
you don't really know when you're trying
to get your hopes up or anything but
she's pretty exciting so we decided we
decided today we're talking about what
we share with the community you know we
tell them that I was like you choose the
under New Year's resolutions and you
said it's me pride it's like oh well one
of my resolutions I suppose like I
really want to have a baby you know in
2012 when I was like I'll put it down as
a resolution thing you know to share it
like him let's say you know let's say
you know I'm changing the vlogs moment
to make it more like reality like
like I was like a vlogger for a year and
a half I made a vlog every single day
editing and entertaining and stuff and
now I'm like stripping all that away and
this is like this is almost like reality
like it's just it's it's dirty it's sad
at times it's happy at times and you
know going into this next year and
usually night for like holy crap man
could I just be about to start a whole
new like making another life making
another little personal like what I'm
probably adding all my so I'm gonna get
it left up guys I hope you have an
awesome New Year's I don't know why I'm
sounding like I'm ending the vlog
because I'm right now but just this
could be an awesome year
should I get locked up head should I so
get here so quickly and efficiently wow
wow that's pretty amazing
oh my goodness bread and butter put
bread and butter pours through the UK
probably no bread and butter pudding but
I don't care how about in America did a
yellow cluster just heat it up no oh I
see what you did there
oh my goodness pudding they had pudding
in custard whyphy telling them what they
did tell them who did tell them what
they did we could put them in custard
and they didn't tell me I wasn't
embarrassed it was polite a part of the
endless poor little Emma's feelings even
wonder purport Emma's right my skirt I
was such a stealer
ah nice this pudding was just lying
around for hours unbeknownst to me he's
making the copies
this is the last pudding I'm gonna have
this year I'm gonna say that everything
I do that the last makeup you're gonna
put on this year yeah yeah it's the last
time we're gonna walk by you this year
okay well maybe not look at my festival
fund it's the last customer I'm gonna
have this year this last phone I'm gonna
pretend this year it's the last night
you know gonna try this here let's get
get annoying the last time for this year
so Jonathan calls me from upstairs I was
just filming an outfit of the day of my
New Year's I outfit news events it and I
was just I had just filmed that and then
I was like just you know changing into
my pajamas and everything and he's like
he calls me he's like I need you to come
here and see something when I was like
oh what is that you know I'm like I'm
busy I come downstairs and this is what
he shows me oh my god this was in our
tumble dryer and that was the reason why
it wasn't working
cuz my mom said to me she was like did
you clean your filter and I was like cuz
you know how I heard tumble dryer has
been popping lately and it just won't
work and it keeps blowing a lot of
electricity and I was like oh my god
like did I not pay my bills or something
you know but she was like have you
checked your filters like no and she
actually told me about the first time
that when she was living in America and
the first time that she ever had a
tumble dryer which was in the house that
I grew up like first grew up in and one
of her neighbors he was actually now a
friend of ours had to tell her explain
to her like you have to clean it every
single time because my mom didn't know
she had never had a tumbler before well
this is the first time that I had a
tumble dryer in my own home like my mom
used to do all the laundry in our home
so I never knew about this little issue
so yes that solves the problem because
all of this cloth was in here and that's
why I wasn't working clearly so I'm
gonna try and why I will have to rewash
them because they've kind of gone
moldy smelling so but now I have to do a
laundry because the pile of laundry
upstairs is getting higher and higher
and higher so yeah kids clean your
filters in your tumble dryer don't be
like me no way no way this is are you
people
that's her resolution was Abby's
resolution oh my god you both pick the
same resolution huh
oh and I said let's end today's vlog
with it for the dance-off poor wait what
have a four-way lad swing
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
