look at Cena
she hates 3-wood they both do actually
but they need to be so they're like I'm
not going to this tree oh he's like I
hate this
it's pouring you probably can't really
tell but it is pouring it he's running
really funny like kicking these back
legs behind him he doesn't like when
they get wet ah I hate you tap um oh
they're so cute I actually really liked
our garden that's one of the things that
drew us to this place because it has a
lot of trees and plants in it it's not
like your typical like rental kind of
you know garden which is like if you
remember the one in Middleton the last
place we lived which was a disaster
anyways but if you remember if any of
you guys remember that that garden was
kind of more like what I was expecting
you know like just kind of nothing and
then like a ton of grass that I haven't
been cut one of the actual um that was
another crappy thing right at that place
was that we were told that if the grass
would be cut we were lied to like so
much in that place but we're told that
grass would be cut and it never was and
then we didn't have a lot more so we
were like how are we gonna put the grass
was so ridiculous that usually if they
want you to put the grounds it'll say it
in the contract somewhere there was
nothing like that cuz they said someone
else is gonna comment but they didn't
and then our grass got like super long
it was kind of gross like we can I don't
know but here there's a lawnmower in the
shed right over there why are you but
anyways yeah
not shed right there there's a lot more
and one of the
one of the like rules or whatever in the
contract okay please big dogs states
that we have to we have to keep our lawn
um Cup tomorrow lon
which i think is actually really good
because otherwise it just gets horrible
looking and maccreedy unkempt and kind
of like okey so I was actually I mean
everything so right like it just stands
smallest details you know like the
landlady's just so like and even the
previous tenants like they were also
particularly at everything and like you
know everything was handed over properly
and done constantly and like we were
told everything about the place and
there was no like shadiness or anything
like that so that's what I like I just
like people are honest like I don't care
if things aren't perfect or whatever and
I'm like there's something here that was
kind of like but I remember it was like
a tiny thing wasn't even a problem and
we were told about it you know like
they're fighting because this what
happens they get wet and then they go
insane like even after that has a 5 or
just anything the cow rain is it's
horrible it's horrible you don't want to
you're up late at night and then all of
a sudden you start hearing the birds
chirping that's your self crap I should
probably be in bed before the birds
start chirping that happened last night
half of this always happen everyone we
live informants and we were in a
university and we'd be like working away
so I might
and here these little birds chirping me
but like not again no no yeah buddy
that's just that's just a university
like if you go if you guys are heading
into university this year next year but
prepared to live in some sort of weird
and it's not like you kind of think like
oh what if I just lived in a different
time zone like if I was in like Pacific
Coast time or East Coast time or
whatever you know what it but then you
probably end up living out why did you
stay late I don't know
is that like doing you aren't doing
prefer being in the dark you know I know
I go definitely when I'm was I'm working
on like a big project or something that
like I can't to get more done when it's
dark outside on my computer but then
obviously if we're getting more
productive teams doing like shopping or
walking the dogs or all that kind of
stuff you definitely tend to do that
stuff in the light like the daytime but
what he said are you in are you a night
owl or a wanna see how to sit to an eye
now a paycheck to a night out right cuz
the night out at at nighttime and in the
pigeon it's just like flying around
during the day pitch it on at night out
that's crazy
what is missing I don't actually eat
this soup every single day but it just
turns out but for the last few days
there's like an opera whenever it is an
operon that's that my dietary pattern
follow us to Tesco deals that's how it
works
yo just when the deal ends on this and
they go back to being like three euros
each or something like that I'll be like
over the soup and I'll be moving on to
whatever the next deal is it'll be like
two for 50 black well I'm a tracker for
a deal that's why I always roll okay
look at all this I feel like I'm I feel
like a royalty of like pots right the
pocket by the pot game and it's not sad
like it's a new steel pots but like Iman
and the pot game that's more like what
what I think of when I think of like the
pot king
all right more like well I was thinking
like all right let's see beginning house
just gonna house just the words the
balance I need to balance it on
I'm pop King your royal eyeness so pops
a lot hey I like ease ISM it's got my
hair goop in it I like a bit I hope in
the morning she's like better hair dude
what's wrong with that
look at this one little piece let's take
a look at all that what's wrong with
that piece
thank you appreciate that cuz I would
have to vacuum that up I would not have
being a fun time alright let's get your
soup in the bowl and that's pretty much
it right you stretch like a man it's a
men's stretch Xena what did you know
anything about that because you're not a
man and you don't stretch manliness like
yeah alright I like I like to spend a
good bit of my day just like staring at
the window and daydreaming you know I
think it's important oh I think it's
time to have my Monday shower well how
long did you go into having a shower
that's just crazy though but how long
did you go without having a shave or a
haircut would not be kind of fun though
cuz I kind of like you guys remember and
you guys remember back in the day when I
started dad David about he's not like
crazy hair was like I'll see back here
somewhere like who's mental I kind of
like him like crazy big hair I don't
know something about it's gonna cool man
- like we'll be done well I don't know
but uh you can't shake journalists maybe
I have a no shame January see I look
like it it looked like a gorilla by the
end of it dope how would you feel about
that you love me do you know an old cave
man all that to beat me like lads stay
away from the beeping light
you look pretty pretty
you know what your hair yeah oh yeah you
didn't a video that's in your pocket
take your pockets check your pockets
mm-hmm
not so much into the wrappers more into
the content inside your wrapper excuse
me excuse me excuse me what are you
doing
silly Moo okay let's get some tell edge
to tell it you wet oh sorry tillage Oh
is that wet from your chair this morning
no normally Nina doesn't like to leave
me our dried hell she likes to leave me
wet towels maybe she thinks I like wet
towels or something along those lines is
the floor time let's say you do it guys
oh look I found my an my slippers what
do you think their fat face you guys got
back pay strippers it's a really comfy
okay you know although I found them at
the end of window what's at the end of
winter but it's the end of some people
think it's the end of Christmas I'm not
kidding when are you taking your tree
down we're tired to take an arse down
then what is it the Epiphany or the
thingy it's like I think it's a sixth
yeah I think it's a six to December but
that's I don't know that's just the way
I do it let me comment though when
you're taking your tree down like how
arity do you take you to me down because
I think I think you have to have your
Christmas tree for a New Year's night
what
we're pretty grave got your Christmas
pudding from which one of the fat face
one I don't know if I face knock-knock
my folder is wrong but my mom good hey
your mom got her feet
yeah sure before you got sleepy
unwrapping it I don't know where do you
get that brother stuff that mums no
their own it's an actual fact a store
yeah is everybody with all the staff out
five faces that you go in and you guys
play Saints Row my can you go in and
have those like big heads like you know
huge ablated head like a bobblehead
welcome back phrase come on
welcome to get burn candy new order
what's that
welcome to good burger home of the good
burger can take your order to keep me
calorie off in station yeah okay I'm
just gonna sheriff I'm I'm
procrastinating you know and since you
guys might have noticed a few sort of
like changes in yeah finger blogs that
we've been doing these last few days
because I've been I'm always playing
about we're trying to make the vlog
experience better then I'm always trying
to you know figure out a way to like you
know improve it or make it better or
take it to the next level and you know
I'm coming up to two years on YouTube
which isn't like two years I'm making
daily vlogs it's like I set up my
channel on the first and 2010 was it
2010 no 2009 first James days in nine I
set up my channel with the intention of
new users I was like I'm going to you
know cuz I watched and I did it and I
wanted to participate yourself and I was
like I want to do something with this
you know and for about six months
I made this sort of parody sort of fun
stuff and then I started dating Robin so
I'm about a year and a half David
robbery I'm two years on YouTube and
then I was like how do we keep this tuna
next
push this at further you know and I'm
always like toying around it in is it
better editing is a better production
you know and that's what I've always
been doing I've been looking you know
one way thinking maybe it should be this
way maybe distillation I don't think the
whole time I was completely blindsided
to the idea of like what people really
want is that connection that sort of
real familiarize the human experience
that sounds like what have we tried
something like crazy and this is this
will actually make the vlogs like super
long every single day I like the idea of
the vlogs tonight at 6 o'clock every day
or 6 & 6 p.m. GMT it's 10 a.m. PST and I
don't know what the hell it is DST
there's too many kinds of but the one
that's easy is PST PST Photoshop
document so what it would do is that you
you'd be almost looking at 30 minute
videos every single day but the key part
right off what days do is to rebrand the
show while not gonna do banner any but
I'm just gonna serve a noob teen
colleague unedited but own which is like
a stamp thing a Photoshop to make it
like fun because the videos they'd be
kind of weird and start because we'd
have to get use this idea that when I
press record it's like then it's like go
it's on it's like go time and then it
kind of like stays on you know and
anything that happens within that time
of pressing record depressing stuff on
record is like live footage you could
say and there's like no editing allowed
within those times like like yesterday's
gravity is like 98% or an edited but I
needed like 2% to kind of click the ends
because I felt like sometimes it's kind
of like you know this kind of stuff
happens or you know the other things
that happen then it's like they'd be
left in and even the start it would look
really rickety and all over the place
but what you might find what you might
catch is like a worry of human
experience the stuff that I end up
editing at stuff because I think like
all you'll find out boring but then I
think the stuff that I'm editing at that
you guys will find boring it's the stuff
that actually is the life is the good
stuff instead of trying hard to like
entertain and self just like try to you
know just live unedited
now I think if you like a really
interesting experiment to do you know so
em we're gonna try it I'm gonna start it
either tomorrow or the 1st of January so
like Oh new here new exciting thing even
comments if you think that's the most
awesome thing you've ever had in your
life okay it that way I don't know I got
babies need some comments name job that
no joke anyway so don't listen to me
crazy
did you back you mini Harry that's
pretty nice appeal
oh my god you can't see anything what oh
yeah what's not really secret but
basically I was working all day today
this is why I not that I don't like them
why she enjoyed them more so than any
other kind of videos but everyone's
always like made fashion videos make
more fashion videos say my fashion
videos there are so much more work than
any other kind of video because you have
to get the right angle from of like the
camera you need to get the right
exercise you need to get the right just
everything like everything has to be
right the lighting everything and if
it's not right then it just messes up
and it's just so much heart it's
difficult to explain like unless you
make youtube videos or whatever but and
like there were so many things going
wrong with alle B and C now are barking
at everybody
then there was kids playing outside
screaming I was like oh my god you just
hold on for me to make this video and
then you can play and then what else all
the the tripod and the camera I kept
switching off and then there was
something else all the lighting was
wrong and then like oh yeah my bra kept
showing because it's a like not
fluorescent but
like a halogen light so my bra kept
showing in like every single table it
was so embarrassing and and you can't
really see it like you can see like bits
on the screen but then sometimes you'll
make a video and then you watch it back
and you're like oh god that looks
terrible I need to redo the whole thing
so I'm just praying all the guys even
though it's not really like that
sexy it's just like it's just awkward
that's what it is so no don't put them
down cuz I I like one night when we come
home I'll explain on them just but it
yeah today but anyways why was they sing
that yeah so we worked I was like
working so long today and it took much
nobody Berkey they can't see anything
their point but um anyways so that's
fine yeah wanna sing sorry ok yeah so
he's working so hard today and so long
and now I have to edit at all as well
but it's family Friday and um I have no
time to cook anything well I've only
technically do but I'm not by the way
too stressed out for that cooking
stresses and yet so much that I have to
actually take a whole entire gate plan
it's true it's true like I don't attend
it's ridiculous but it's true so we're
gonna go to our new favorite place
called Marks & Spencer oh that's why we
tie the blog to our hands
I saw it for a second Oh God
camera anyway so why are you sniffing
there why are you sniffing there
oh my god did LBP there no how do you
know the only no wine saying no when you
don't even know fine
did he maybe not today maybe yeah maybe
it looks a little PP what do you like
look it's time look no it's not that's
the color yeah that's all these P no
look the whole thing is tie-dyed look
it's not it's not tight I ate on that's
that reflective well fixing at home okay
anyone hey guys it's our secret move you
know what we should do we should smoke
it yeah yeah something just like keep it
there and then put them up look good
under and then like so cut left together
rectangular market what a little okay
you guys saw my dog abuse video
yesterday
come here look watch this he gets so
upset come here excuse me yeah he knows
he's in trouble hmm
excuse me I need to ask you something I
need to ask you about something what's
this what is that what is that what is
that that's bold do you hear me bold
bold peepees bold peepees bold peepees
all right it's over oh don't don't do
that don't do that
meat horn okay do you think we're tight
yeah you like don't you know
I tell him not to do that no he's never
gonna alert Johnson
seriously that's ridiculous like he's
never gonna learn that's really bad
what he just did he's too low annoyed he
always does that
like elevators something wrong and then
secretly absurd fairy godparents ollie
anyways and that's why he's still doing
it at two years old okay yeah that's why
and he's such a little brat assault he
starts growling
as soon as he knows he's done something
wrong and he's in trouble
hey guys I've been back to my original
conversation memory upset now we're
gonna just go to our new favorite place
Marks and Spencer and we're gonna apply
some things that are quite easy to
prepare I think we probably will tell
them but you know so you're gonna mind
the house okay is everybody aware why we
actually came here was it food shopping
hours at Marks and Spencers I can't
fully remember I am
whoa 100 euros down to 50 half-price
that's killed we just take this off and
like put it on anything he's like what
the Half Price sign anywhere why are you
so expensive for people with really
small feet or our children that's a I
thought we're under some sort of a tiny
of it there's some sort of a limitation
of plan know how it's been turn out the
window because boots crops mm-hmm
they're like futuristic or something
there's like something yeah like that
they're like get that little bootie one
so you got from Beauty crashing was she
he's got the same yeah she led she led
you to believe you have a better life
with them look at this chap they having
sweets hmm sort of insinuates that
they're gonna get sweets if you have
those shoes your life goal shoes
crochets your cultures golden shoes deal
yeah
no 95 to 75 oh yeah maybe it's for like
really stupid people and they think like
half of 95 is 75 I swear you probably
would
repeat cervesas yes you didn't plan on
that's a good removal for next week for
more time we've only got like an hour to
cut everyone's here you know and so I
don't even have enough time to prepare a
Juno Juno Juno Juno Juno hey cook did
you going to pick up I'm so starving and
like my mom is coming over in an hour to
eat more food I'm like I haven't even
bothering me salad no but that's just
how life is
it's unexpected and you don't always
know what's gonna happen so you can't
really pun very well so I hope Toph is
finest in the trolley Bay because
there's one over there
but they're all different and we had an
M&S one and I think it might be
different like well no it definitely is
the little key thing these are different
so he's probably struggling to find the
right one he actually should probably
have the vlog right now because it's
probably really funny he's just like
walking around looking for trolleys that
match up with his one cars backwards did
you see what I had to do yeah Oh God
didn't know M&S ones there's our test
going so I was trying to jam it into a
test I was like there's no MNS ones over
there there's no airman essence over
there I had to walk like about five
hundred million miles away I actually
walked to South Africa to Johannesburg
and put my trolley there and got back in
time wow that's amazing was the eventful
afternoon okay why did we not get
forward
Oh God gives it us with the ability to
move your hands don't eat the raw pizza
you know open the thing although Peter
you can't even see what am I even flying
this I don't know Oh where's Ouma
where's Ouma wait wait where's Alma
Erika's birthday in two days one day
have we got guys we got a shedload of
pizzas oh it's all out of focus one two
three so first off if this thing ever
goes in focus every damn crisis right
we got a mozzarella tomato a Pomodoro a
blue Cola yes all right 20 minutes all
pizzas internationally take 20 minutes
pepperoni which one you want guys you
want the mozzarella tomato pepperoni we
haven't got to the best you spoiler
alert spoiler alert dear ham pepperoni
Mon Milano salami or Anna's one which is
a char grilled vegetable pesto pizza Oh
delightful all handmade what I did all
that last night I need to get the house
ready for I guess yeah let's go let's go
let's go let's go you come here anything
about fit what is your kind jobs
Oh tell mommy lover boy
Cena has never growled at me and her is
quite vocal pick up the pizza pick up
the beat now while there are Mari you
don't look what I got here I got this at
Mediterranean where is it gun there was
a signage on us you see it it's like
Mediterranean fruit puskás where yeah
you think you are oh nice nothing
nothing you need to be worried about
I gotta go upstanders get some work done
last night what do you need oh you mean
like the soup and the tomatoes the
oranges I take you a turtle of a Bibble
I should probably let them in come on
inside it crazy doggies what have they
done to you
what have they done to you what up
what's this see you know let you poop a
monkey did you poop a monkey you mean
mean people like a meanie good did you
take them right out of the oven
look I go for a jog do you must are your
eye okay you start your nose I'm sorting
stars don't touch that my nose see my
poor little monkey bomb
Rushdie I'm tasty oh yeah all right
let's turn this off because they all
seem doing forgotten about it okay done
it looks pretty darn good
oh just pressure and put under you know
I don't work well under pressure
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
