this is Cena's plan every day right when
we get up and leave the bed she always
comes back to the bed because I think
she wants to lie in is that right is
that your plan every day is it
you know always gets up like about an
hour to later than everybody else
she shows like she was like up in the
bed and everyone's God and she's like no
she gets up earlier yeah and then she
I'll be starting this sock here oh is no
bone there it's okay Xena whatever and
then she gets a bit hyper running
threatening room and then she runs back
upstairs and then she stated that for
ages I'm like teenage lion yeah and then
everybody else like I'm here you're
there then I start getting ready and
it's literally when I'm in the shower
she's still in bed he's a lazy bum
lazy bum head do you like to lie in
every day are you an early riser or do
you like to get up what usually Amina
and I go to Mike's makes the coffees and
then she brings it up and I'm woken by
the sound of the order up I'm like huh
that's what I really appreciate that
extra like five minutes that I get over
Anna all the time or do you like to you
like to be first up or last up that's
Lila people comment oh isn't it we know
you're gonna snuggle with me or up with
Dina doesn't like it I'll be loves it
out
so yeah I'll be roles
yeah
in the hairdryer
I'm starving can I have that soon
can I can I pursue
I'm gonna go look suit I don't
understand what you said hmm but wonders
did me receive but wonders that we
receive big savings la ceinture
zipper waha Ashton school adult
education enroll online all right and
get courses body Pitts body bits heart
of watercolor Alexander Pilates yoga
Douglas Community School oh you know
what it is I think you know it is you
know why all these em school things are
coming in but this is another one yeah
look learning because I think at new
years everybody makes like new year's
resolutions and stuff I have so they're
kind of saying like oh look you know
everyone's gonna be thinking about doing
something next year and committing to
something and then they just go ahead
and spam you when I'm with all this
stuff I must have clicked on an ad
what's he picked on as you walk and I
was like whoa Tran don't click don't get
the ad so yeah drippy drippy tippy drop
drip drip feed drip feed drop the suit
Shore is a moi vine ripened tomato and
basil
how did you say italics you know when
you say bold is he Oh have you say
italics you know things I don't you read
it what do you think of in your head
think of like so like one ripened
Tomatoes you know that's because it's
kind of like squiggle it's sudden look
no it's like if awareness I can fold so
it was like this is bull and I
question comment I'm gonna go ahead with
the biggest heart in the world because
the bigger clock faster it boils that's
fruit that's hey just watch the yeah
daughters literal trailer for The Hobbit
you guys you guys you guys internet
connecting The Hobbit we're not I'm
sorry I'm not I'm not into wizards and
spells and swords and casting spells and
little people and tall people and
walking trees like garden rings is okay
you know what I was all about the matrix
when everyone was bad lord of rings I
was more like that I like sci-fi and you
know she's never we like wizardy games
either anything like wizardry more of
life no you made comments are you a
wizard or a star thing star wars star
engage star tracks stars you know I mean
why are you like a world of wizards
Wizard of wor world of wool wings
alright see the trick with this if I do
not watch that ball straight away you
know it's gonna happen it's gonna be a
pain in the Holy mone later on to give
it a wash I'm going to wash it now he's
a funny lad so welcome to my room I love
my room guys it's got its little cupcake
pillow and like its little lantern
and these things which I'm trying to
figure out how the hell I'm supposed to
use them okay so it says you have to
spray them with water so that they bloom
because right now they're flat see but
the problem is that I'm gonna have one
of those spray bottles unless I use like
something that isn't water like
hairspray or something
so use a mist bottle to spray water on
the leaves gently shape the Strand and
use your fingertips to help flowers
bloom if necessary repeat until most of
the Pirates have opened hang the flower
lights and enjoy seeing life in your
life so I'm I wanted to either which
actually I think I will do because yeah
it's not gonna work the range but I was
gonna like wrap them around here or I
was gonna hang a picture and wrap and
run air but I think because of how my
video setting is you can't really see up
there so you can but this is info you
did get me so into the right side so oh
yeah and then I've got my orchid
I think orchid and everything is pink
and white my cupcake
calendar from Sam and Jay oh and my
little Anna on the door and paints like
everything Steven wait so cute so I love
it now javis is room is mess because he
was like I don't know I'm looking for a
mouse or something not a real man's like
for the computer so alright sorry I
didn't know you're on the toilet um so
we're gonna take albian Cena for walk
and I think we're doing the big long
walk because um they everything like
that one because they can go off the
meat and everything and it's just so
little nicer and we have to get Erica
birthday present because she's turning
in what like three days or something
yeah on first so that's gonna be
exciting and as far as I know she
actually is having a birthday party she
doesn't usually have them because she
her birthdays in like an awkward kind of
time it's like you know during the
Christmas break and everything like
Christmas holidays and people are not at
school so it's really difficult to plan
that um which I can relate well I can't
really relate because my breasts ever
though it's like perfect it was like the
best time of year for like parties and
everything but my other sister Emma for
essays in the summer holidays so she's
in June and she always had that problem
too like she would like not have parties
because of the fact Herbert her birthday
was always like during summer break and
like everybody was away or just doing
stuff so it's definitely easier if
you're in school at that time to
organize a party and then you just have
it like on a weekend or something but
hello
so Erika actually told me and then it it
made me laugh so much because she was
like I have not had a birthday party
since I was like four years old because
I remember that birthday party and yeah
I was like 14 I was like her 8 because
I'm 10 years older than her it's not
like 14 and I remember her friends that
know really small I'm like they had like
an ice cream party and like you know
they played game I mean it wasn't real
like baby baby parties this is like much
much later on and having another party
of where's your pretty and I think
they're having a pizza party
I can slumber put okay so yeah we get it
um they're having like a slumber party
and
and we're gonna kill that dog I'm
actually gonna kill them you're gonna
witness me being already crossed him
bolt so what happened yeah you think
you're so cool standing there at the
window but you're just barking at people
huh huh what are you doing what are you
doing what do you think you're doing
Missy huh
did that slap when you're one not even
deter you no of course not because
you're her brat you look like a little
human anyways um that's what I do dog
and Sina I hit the move no I guess I'm a
little slut a little not even a slap but
like it's half on the bone if they're
about it so anyways I was saying and I
asked her if I was invited but I don't
think that they got too old I'm too old
to go to Eric his birthday ah what am I
like yeah you know come into my room
you know it's seen as doing she's like
standing up at the window looking at
yeah she was like I came down and she
was like standing up to her she's super
bright everything some wheels she's
gonna declare something baby Jonathan
took my soup we bought two packets of
soup I asked could I have her lunch and
Jonathan had his yesterday and I had
leftovers cuz I'm good like that and
Jonathan's like oh this looks nice can I
have this soup same thing no oh yeah
yeah so he had my soup and now I have no
soup so I have no lunch to eat so I
don't know what I'm gonna have because
he's right either eat remember yeah
doesn't mean plan was your resolution
for 20
no more eating okay yeah you're a bit
you eat a bit too much like like come on
yeah I mean sorry did you guys see the
doggy in yesterday's video
he's so cute I'm gonna name him
I named him Goldie oh the golden
retrievers that's not an easy few times
so he's he's gonna be like he's gonna be
the point of an intro I love him he's so
cute I wish we had a big dog sometimes
like I love small dogs too but I also
love big time oh my god something
disgusting just heaven disgusting happen
evident something embarrassing I like
look I'm just looking tomorrow's like I
thought I felt something on my lip like
a hair I was like what's out of my lip
and then I rubbed it up it was a fly had
gotten stuck to my lip balm it's
disgusting
there were two Santa's helpers walking
under walk video I'm sure they are
come on slowpoke Cena would be one of
the minute and she's so hyper she's a
runner runner bean dude you guys and you
guys have like two kids and one of them
was like super hyper and the other ones
like super quiet and all like that I'd
know which one kick right you have to
choose between like one super hyper
child or the one super cuddly child
which one would you choose
I don't know I love the super cuddly one
but then I'd like to go and play I love
playing with Xena you know it's a tough
one my brother rang me there and he was
saying that his
his parents in-law like his wives mother
and father are from England his wives
from Birmingham so they stay with him
over Christmas and they just went home
this morning he said his two-year-old
Dylan is just gonna sleep and shooing
his 9-year oh no wait a second they keep
changing 12 year old has just gone out
with her friends to some birthday party
for today just right he's like Christmas
has just begun
he's like an Eli God because he haven't
played in the place that usually like I
know like two or three weeks or
something
it's like Christmas is hectic for him
through the kids you know he's like
Christmas has just begun until did a
little Dylan wakes up and then Christmas
is sadly over again this Latino he says
like he runs down and she doesn't know
where she figured it out hey thank you
no I was told if I come here Derby is
true now if there is no stew here Nene's
we are leaving straight away with great
haste do you hear me you got my deal
because I was like after the big
Walker's like juice like if you go to
Mom's I should get you and I was like I
think that's some sort of a ploy okay do
you have this too what do you know I was
lied to
how do you feel do you feel guilty at
all no guilt at all in your life no
guilt at all you're like look we got
Erica's birthday pass it's this here
we're not sharing okay she might like it
my life it's just normal action but you
never know so we don't show it to you
but it's awesome it's all it's got
street cred surprisingly enough puddin
don't be soft on me now I like Turkey
I like it in this gym
that doesn't look like a stew haha I
come here for this Jew oh I'm not very
astute here inspector fine yeah I gave
you an extra like two hours to like
lavender and and watch the blogs like
and favorite the blogs so no I like I
mean I watch I actually watched gotta
birdie go to runner up here look at this
bad boy here
gourmet handmade just for me kind of has
a J look like a J alright let's
microwave
they just plop it in the microwave when
I put on a place what would you do with
openness cannot be fancy smancy boom
i'll there that way I'll put some
microwaves into us you should never hurt
anyone
I mean I did it in wrong order ate the
mince pie first no I have to eat these
things are the exact same size it tomato
yeah how's it taste like you again
good okay nice are they already sweet
spicy sounds good
got a cup of tea as well in a cup from
the old back in the day mmm-hmm that's
me there that's my my future son getting
his car ready and where's Anna
there's no I got Anna there and that's
all being Xena going off to school
mmm there's mama style life and all the
kids in the area running after her give
him some sweets
I'll be seen us Missy and Daisy and
another stray dog the Labrador we found
today well he came back again did you
see him behind the puppies that
yesterday sluggish days but the golden
retriever smart Lapid roses golden
retrievers have handed the same thing
from an untrained
what's the difference longer hair no
they're about the same thing the same
thing for tree B can you get a golden
Labrador type thing video and that
retrieves for essentially a golden
retrieving rapid or that's what I think
anyway it's like if you said Bichon
instead of Maltese I know it is no way
no way no way tell me if I'm wrong that
sounds crazy
yeah I have to check some Google Images
they don't kind of the same in my head
everything looks kind of his name in my
hand one tell me what you think I am
really boring I don't want to sit here
all day long with her mom and just drink
tea talk about the local gossip and eat
pickled gherkins and talk about the
gossip not something gossiping
giuseppe's yes which is our go upstairs
getting close you're not when you finish
your tea you don't understand
PlayStation is important that's because
you just take too long ago we would have
gone somewhere right now but I haven't
had it how do we not be sitting here
drinking tea talking about the gossip
gossiping Gossip Girls isn't it if you
show after that come on whoops doesn't
get yourself what isn't it yeah I think
you won't you finished your tea I think
you don't
like there was teams oh and that that
works have eyes you can go there go on
slap it in would you like some more tea
dear
there's no point there's no point
there's no teabags apps I just checked
and I control them all
let's go a little boy come on go yeah
yeah yeah okay okay yeah great okay okay
it's but you're not going are you no you
do that though it's the international
symbol of what time is it um yep you
guessed it I am up here getting close
look at this world's first phone that's
even on of those spiders thing Siemens
it's ridiculous
okay close what are you guys up to what
else have you got here any good stuff
and you get stuff floods and you get
stuff telescope pots oh you did some
pots and the guitar got a beat hard and
of yeah is actually though the pots here
there's no the pots here okay a couple
of good books Oh what's this one just
start diet Vienna saucony
well that seems amazing a Waterstone
voucher for a pound is that a punch I
think it's a point where's the UK pound
little tiny baby part okay why don't I
put all the pots in there first
it was like oh we just give me a hand
bring on my closed-end look at this
really matter please
like oh there's still puns here first
you've got three wardrobes fall in the
house chic she controlled half the world
I think I like the clothes half whoa
look something of mine
look my one bit of clothing here
it's my Ducati info strata biker jacket
thing one I really like that jacket
I'm warnin ages on my bike and gear
obviously but uh yeah you should get the
most clothes or is in right there it has
more clothes than Anna leave me a
comment if you have more clothes than
other because I think that she should
win some sort of award for the most
clothes in the entire world shop so you
know something slay right now ready okay
no do not try my baby
Suzy's okay okay
good girl Sina alright now second part
now for the corn in the end here what I
mean I think it's like a suitcase or
something oh yeah look at him he's
trying to get up on his little for potty
training him we decided to be super posh
today we're gonna get one of these
little cars we're not actually we're
gonna get we're going to go to Marks &
Spencer's because we've never been there
but before we go ahead and go out and be
all passion all we're going to try and
put a 20 cent into here like we were
told the 20 cent works
so did didn't
I'm sorry I don't know to 20 cents oh
look at the commenting a 20 cent work
instead of the euro on a trolley they
are wrong but we could take off street
rallies could it work
he was a different type of trolley or
something maybe that's why it was locked
or something regard to a difference
probably they tried when a ganar 20
now
no backers so the only one that works is
the one that was attached to something
else maybe they're working the Tesco
wings I look over here over here and
either side it's never try to be on
either side you go in 10 minutes before
using it if you have if you have time in
your day not to abuse me that would be
amazing
be an amazing experience for everybody
it's actually quite cool it's like take
away through
but yet not take what I used to
opportunity
if everything to do like your hobby
oh yeah they're a really posh that's too
posh for than a surprise you should
totally get them
I'm attorney 219 pounds euros he's gonna
get them
seriously the song like really get
suffer only amber dinner
it's maybe though
little sofa day knowing whoo-hoo
target down Sam
no no it looks like Han perfect for you
I'll have the chicken in Baltic salty
salty you think the chicken part is
quite salty
this is like going to a new universe so
you already going back to England this
is the other packing stations in England
we used to go we'd only have like some
Marks and Spencers oh yeah I remember
that services yeah it was like Tesco and
guns all kind of stuff the same stuff
yeah no but this is like what the hell
everything's different
it's the same products when we get that
Fame oh dear
okay Oh lay down lay down good
now what'll I make you do chicken
chicken you already got yours greedyguts
it cuts effects look at their little
cookie jar it has just in it so we
decided to get this chicken touch Miri
and I guess some kind of Chicopee thing
I was going to make chickpea curry
I like homemade style and then we were
like hey why don't we check out rice and
since it because we've never been there
before because one just opened like in
our kind of local supermarket place um
beat him beat me
eep-eep anyways oh very dark in here and
look how clean this is not organized
anyways so one opened kind of recently
not that reason anymore and then we had
never been there before so why don't we
give it a try and of course my son
Spencer have like a lot of ready-made
stuff um which boy isn't that good for
you but it looks all fancy and snazzy so
we thought we get some a mess and now I
have to edit my video I did not
god this is way heavier than expected I
did not anticipate going out for so long
I thought we would be home a lot sooner
so my video needs to be edited here
javis take your rickety old thing Cheers
oh that is so much heavier than my one
it's like insane hello so let's see
what's in here oh my big box of clothes
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
