that is the bane of my life do you see
that is the bane of my life I hate that
rip it's gotta be the new thing now from
living here the drippy drip sons I'm
wearing the same t-shirt I wore
yesterday and for anything track seed
okay I've changed my socks underwear but
this time it's Christmas time one is not
supposed to change your clothes too much
at Christmas time don't you understand
how Christmas so you can't change
opposed to your Christmas time it's the
role of Christmas I tell you I did not
just make it up google it worlds of
Christmas what it as much chocolate and
sweet as you possibly can because you
know what guys myself a Nana had this
bad idea last night which I think she's
gonna hold me to it though this doll is
also a good back scratcher it's a nice
little monster but um yeah so we're
thinking in John Yoon and all that
because we're having so much fun way to
eat as much as you like beat on 1
December it's been like you've gotta
have like so much Swedes every day oh
look this is my breakfast apply it just
get some breakfast
yeah I have six of them and little bear
yes but yeah turns out we had this
bright idea which I regret entirely but
it looks like I'm sort of blocked into
it of doing a detox thing again for Jon
first second and third
you guys want to participate feel free I
think a couple
they're on Facebook and stuff they
actually got juice during machines this
guy over here for a Christmas or
pocketbook Juicy's for Christmas so if
you want to participate with us that
would be awesome
and then we can all be grumpy and moody
together and then all the comments would
be like I hate we're making me dude is
that like that's okay because I hate I'm
not for making me do this and then I'll
be like I know will probably hate
somebody else for making a bit it's a
circle it's a circle of life and hatred
you can be part of that do you want to
be part of that you don't have to do
employee you can only you can just have
an apple so guys I just finished filming
my video my glossy box video and I he
did the worst thing possible before
right before I filled my my video I was
bringing my light in here the big light
and I no idea that scene I was she was
in the Sun which is kind of gone out but
she was like right here she's just lying
there minding her own business and what
did I do
first Jonathan watched the whole thing
first I poked her in the eye or in the
face with the stand of the light and
definitely actually didn't even realize
that I had done that and next thing I
walked into her but I actually like
stepped on her a little bit it was so
bad I like stumbled on to her like oh so
so bad and she kind of yep didn't even
get a chance to scream she just kind of
went like just been going around
shivering with her tail down look Xena I
said I was sorry
she's so upset she's just like super
depressed right now because oh my god
look at her she's actually shivering and
she has her tail down it's okay I'm so
sorry
I'm so sorry I gave her a treat and
everything and I like hugged her for
ages but I think she's just not gotten
over the shock I'm sorry
I'm so sorry I promise I'll take you on
a really long walk okay Jonah do that we
just have to wait for daddy cuz he's
he's babysitting the video cuz joke this
actually it's a really good idea he does
he uploads like with the video scheduler
thing so now the vlogs go up at 6:00
p.m. our time every every single day and
I was thinking because some people were
leaving me comments being like oh I like
when your video up regularly and stuff
and I was thinking of maybe doing
something similar on my channel but like
9 p.m. because I think that suits people
better and I kind of like my always
uploading my videos with you like anyway
so so I might do that so let me know if
you want me to do that um and yeah my
room is such a mess right now because I
have to get rid of all this stuff from
yesterday's video look she's just like
frozen there I feel so terrible when I
put my um my lantern like tree right
there and you know actually it looks
really nice and videos I should light
the candles but they're shoot all I need
to cut them and we're gonna take out the
pictures and then we're gonna take
albumen scene on a long walk because
they actually have not been walked like
properly in a couple of days like fruit
like I would say the whole week I mean
over Christmas because we were so busy
with family stuff and I felt so bad for
them every single day and then the
weather was like really wet and rainy so
it wasn't even nice for them to be out
so we'll go for a long walk isn't that
right okay they know what I'm talking
about
you're so smart both of you why are you
shivering Sina mommy is a bad mommy I'm
so sorry okay I really am I will never
do that again I promise okay
shake hand shake and let's make up
that's kisses that's kisses shake my
hand shake my hand and we'll make a
promise shake shake hand shake hand oh
good girl good girl you want to shake my
hand
the boy yes here's such an intelligent
doggies hmm okay let's go get daddy
let's go get ice daddy if we can go for
a walk okay you have to see okay one
five six seven eight
who wants to go for it a mother nothing
mother nothing who wants to go for it on
Wednesday afternoon so you know recyclin
well something is great because it's
like it's not dirty or messy smelly so
you start to put it away places and then
it's on it builds up in its own sort of
way and you end up with this kind of a
mess like this so I'm like oh crap I
gotta bring all this the very much but
enters this and then this and then this
and then all of this and then this is
here crap it's time there's an because
you can get just like like recycling
centers all over the place you can just
kind of like pull up dump all their
stuff off and be on your way like a good
lad what am I am a TARDIS
but it's been such a mess oh my goodness
I can't believe you let it get like this
you know what it's very simple Anna okay
you know do I need to teach you I need
to teach you two ways just close this
door put that in the car what do we
close the door and never open it yeah
all right we gotta fill the car with
this do one good thing is at least it's
not stinky rubbish is different like
yeah yeah exactly that's what we tell
ourselves hello have you come to help
with the recycling can you can tell oh
you're kind of wet though
yeah no best friend this is a good boy
cheap ah oh good boy oh thanks for the
hug happy Christmas to you you bring in
all the recycling out well sandy good
Oh all right we're winning guys we are
winning winning winning chicken dinning
look at her now see what squishing does
look we win Rock the room
we've won back the room was not done was
Cabo first but it's got a lot darker and
it started raining we just dampering
literally dampening together and see
what I did that was easy
okay all this stuff you still out there
I know I know Hey oh good hmm because
I'm a big job but you need like a big
house in a big area that we big dog
huh would you huh what did you did you
feel good if you wanna help made this
you so good that he's not coming in
though isn't he oh good boy okay we
gotta move this out of the way dope um
oh no no it's okay it's okay it's okay
oh goodness it's horrible rainy oh my
god guys look at the back it's okay guys
hey do you want to come up to mommy come
up to mommy now
do you bring the leads yeah I know I
brought there okay cuz I was like no all
right you wanna come here come on come
on come to mommy now
that dog was so cute and he's so
obedient is all you say go home and he
goes on home oh you got him I gotta I
got you so why people in traffic don't
you have somewhere to go look at that up
there guys can you even see how much
traffic is up there like we ride we're
heading for his mind look we're in the
man thingy here and we're sitting in
traffic
Oh God you seem closer than they are
should one of things under you know hey
when you're looking through the video
camera like objects are a lot closer
than they seem
it's like not like hey looking at cars
Kahuna Coast Highway affected by cars
also there we're kind of moving along I
think before your Christmas everybody is
shopping I know everybody it's like they
take one day off
no it's Mentors really they do they do
Christmas Day Off and that's it and then
after business everyone's like so
party party product I also had like the
idea guys for my awesome next awesome
project video thing coming soon to the
cinema near you but probably not a
cinema probably your home theater system
if you have a home cinema and it
connects to the Internet and you can
watch videos on your home cinema leave
me a comment because I'm coming to your
house but also you can you can watch the
vlogs in the cinema you're so lucky like
one room was like a cinema it was like I
don't know headache he was like it was
like a projector because it was on where
the front window was they had it was
rolled up during the day and then you
take a button and it like and it all
rolls down and then you can watch like
your favorite movie but it fills the
wall so you're watching like it's like
you're innocent it was really cool time
is ridiculous when I was younger my
brother we see like you know you see all
like the rich happy families we also say
like they're having a happy Christmas
it's like oh look they're having a happy
Christmas you know the the dad would be
leaving the store would like you know
like all the like fancy gadgets and like
the 50 inch screens conservative like
they're obviously having a happy
Christmas I'm getting the alarm clock
and socks by everybody cords to do like
you always think like oh she has it so
good I know I'm sure people think that
about us as well word we choose not to
show in the vlog obviously like we don't
show you know the kind of
wait what are you talking about no no we
do you love it this is it we're awesome
all the time you know I always do it I
still do it like we can't even kind of
realizing it I'm like I wish I had her
life the grass is always greener things
you would probably be looking back yeah
yeah or you don't know who you were
thinking that she's so lucky so lucky
and like you wouldn't even know it so
lucky
yeah totally hey you know you see the
person see they the guy or girl sitting
there beside you
they are coveting you it want to be you
but secretly you want to be there don't
you dojo ribbit leave me a comment if
you want to be somebody else and tell me
who it is today's question
oh the old walkies oh my god it's a
rainbow
and look it's actually landed right
there
oh my god it's so amazing this is not so
amazing oh but the guys are gonna really
appreciate this because this is what we
get to we can actually let them off and
they can have the time of their life I
love the dogs and all but you know one
really cold rainy days and they make you
go for a walk I do mind the rain and the
cold oh come on
huh what's your deal yo look at Cena I'm
free look at that big pointy thing
Cena's going straight for that portal
come on let's go let's go let's go
forget the slowpokes
forget the slow cops come on slowpokes
I thought you were running a triathlon
Oh what
yeah did you kick him didn't you know
the way oh yeah he was kind of trying to
grab him brother Frank and the guy was
like I bet you take him and he was like
okay all right we always fight about
this because I'm always like when
someone's mean Dalvi and Xena I never
like say sorry and I'm always like you
know I mean get over yourself like
everyone wants the dogs and I'm here
press is always more apologetic usually
you apologize are like but then I forget
this dog here like there are all the
dogs on this walk or off the lead
because this is a dog walk you can a
police there's no where is he'll be
sometimes it's okay I'll be if you want
me to go back I'll go back and kick him
just let me know okay
good look at that the way the Sun is
like blinding us shower yeah shall we
rain no it's cray cray cray here at this
exact moment you go get the stuff I'll
stay here you know what I hate about LA
I love long cardigans but they always
look so odd on these coats you do like
oh yeah which Juna water you go
I've seen stew for lunch
what was it what's close to you like
you've ever had crossed your pigeons to
leave your comment and you yeah oh my
goodness look at that pile of water
what are you amazing people are the
answer to my quarrel my quandary
quarrels a fight isn't it ok so we turn
to hit the water tumbles right on ok now
this used to work willy-nilly no
problemo now after after about like 10
minutes it's on my I like it always
seems to trip the power the power of a
power aid if I put this on oh wait a
second I should turn this off first and
Roy's well let's just say we made that
mistake once already so close that over
now if I were to turn this back on ya
the power would trip so anyone have any
idea why that's happening I kind of
talked this is partly why we got married
all of us I came because I thought maybe
there's too much stuff in the room and I
thought maybe this thing has something
to do with it I don't even know what
that is I don't know where that goes
or what purpose this has in life but
that's the answer please tell me that
would be amazing
because I missed a tumble dryer
I missed a tumble dryer greatly Oh God
it's topically or you stopped a drip on
oh I didn't have a drippy top anyways I
feel like I woke up this morning and I
had like a not a crick in my neck but
just like it felt painful like I think I
suck for me hmm
I hate that it's like there's nothing
worse than that because my neck just
just kind of sore but now I also feel
like a bit of sore throats I hope I'm
not getting flu or something I'll be so
upset if I do but I just made my
sandwich
it's like recorded for I think somebody
actually left a comment on my Facebook
she's like I had lunch at 4:00 today
really late my part of you because you
always have lunch super late because I
always like either I get up too late and
then I always have breakfast so I'm not
hungry until later or else I just I'm
really really busy and then I do I have
lunch really late so it's really quarter
to 4:00 but I just made my sandwich it's
all great and Pitta bread with halloumi
a red pepper in that roasted red pepper
cucumber and tomato and some green tea
this is orange and lotus flower I think
mmm it's really good it's very
Christmassy so I'm gonna go upstairs we
have our sheep drying there because I
tumble dryers broken which is so
annoying we can stop with making things
so much easier and laundry was just
being done like super fast so I need to
get my washing room back so my mom's
house unless somebody can can tell it's
kind of fix it I might actually Google
like lawn or tumble dryer keeps popping
electricity or something I've done
didn't come up I'm gonna go upstairs my
house
it's food at any time but what the guest
I want minimal effort but I want so
somewhere in between unhealthy and handy
not too healthy but not do unhealthy
this is what happens yeah you don't need
anything and then you get hungry and
then you go and you buy yourself some
peppers and you think oh I'll put some
halloumi and my peppers no and then I
get laid and then they get cold who the
shipper oh wait I should just close the
fridge all right look my was gone
look at this carry on because of the
tumble dryers not working well it's kind
of work though that's crazy
who wouldn't talk you can just hang
clothes out and they'll just drive
ourselves
all right then what was a push cause it
so much cause how do you make this place
so Jonathan is being really nice and he
said that he would cook dinner tonight
which was very very nice of him
because I am babysitting this is my
first day doing well actually it's
that's a lie I did at one time and then
I messed about so this is my first day
hopefully successfully doing the
scheduled upload with YouTube so help my
video here which is December GlossyBox
and as you can see right there it's
going to be scheduled to go up for nine
o'clock at attack past 6:00 right now so
I'm just kind of trying to sort that out
and then the vlogs go live at 6:00 like
I said so I just wanted to do it my 9:00
if you guys don't already know I have
for the last like month now I think I've
been uploading five times a week
so five like usually it's Monday to
Friday but this week it's gonna be
Tuesday to Saturday because I was super
lazy on the on Steven's day place the
course goes into a heatproof bowl and
add four two and add 250 millimetres of
boiling water if desired had an oblong
seriously it actually says that what
what the hell is a knob of butter and
salt do we have a knob device measuring
device cover leave in fact I'm gonna
separate grains and a fork
I have to separate every single one of
them would have for it yeah so and loads
of you guys when I please make more
videos and I know what I was like
slacking the last couple of months and I
tried the five days a week one for a
while and then I just kind of kept like
not being organized enough but I mean I
have stuck with that for like a month
now I think but a lot of people don't
actually know and then they keep missing
videos they're like what I don't know
you
videos a week but yeah so that's I'm
doing right now I'm actually gonna paint
waiting else tonight
now this does not seem right at all
ignore all the kousaka's everywhere okay
so I have to put 200 in here but look at
these guys right this is gonna blow your
mind right the COPE nothing whoa
so I put two two hundred grand he said
Chris gets in here that was a problem I
kept feeling like two hundred five now
so right now just put that in there I
think it matters how much water is in it
I usually don't really bother paint my
nails but for some reason maybe because
the festive season I feel like painting
them so I'm gonna paint them I really
like this color it's red it's kind of a
dark red as well but I kind of stood out
because I've been wearing it a lot
lately it's a nice Christmas color so
tonight I'm gonna paint them
navy blue and this is my balloon forever
strong professional this is called Oh
midnight blue okay new plan
did you think I'll go ahead and anyway
that's there I don't even need that okay
I'm gonna go ahead and just plop these
on here like so but this may not work
out well because a lot of them are cut
to small and they're gonna fall through
I you know what I should I keep
forgetting to this but I should put the
little light the little lights in the
candle or in the what light the candles
in my lantern
because that would look cool in videos
but I keep forgetting to do that so
anyway and then I have a blog post that
I'm working on right now and I that's
not a thing I'm trying to get back into
blogging regularly because I just like
get so lazy with my blog like it takes
so much effort I think it's just like
one of those things where you don't even
realize that yourself until you kind of
try and do everything at once if you're
making like videos like say every single
day or whatever the vlog and the
Starlight and everything and I don't
even add blog post it's alright if you
try and blog as well but like blog
properly like with a proper big camera
and take the time to take every pictures
and take them outside and you know good
lighting and everything it's just so
difficult to fit all of that into one
day liquor really is okay I just
realized a small problem I just checked
the see how it was doing um I don't know
if you can see that but oh crap oh no
but they've all melted in to the grill
thing I knew that tinfoil was important
you see you see the small problem here
the things have melted and fallen true
no misty Fork
no no ideally I would like to be
blogging like five days a week as well
but I just it's so difficult like every
time I have to ask Jonathan she takes
pictures cuz I don't know how to work I
don't understand his big camera or like
I don't know how to set it up look if
somebody sets up for me it's okay but
otherwise like do it so it's really hard
but I'm trying to it's a new year
not yet but it will be and I think
that'll be one of my new year's
resolutions just to be more organized
with like everything I'm just so like
you very do one thing 100% and then fail
out the other thing or I I just don't do
anything at all so yeah cuz I'm like an
all-or-nothing kind of person so anyways
I'm reinforced in her I don't know what
Tyson's making he hasn't told me yet but
I saw he tweeted something asking for
idea so I'm really excited to point out
cuz I hate cooking but well I don't hate
it I just don't really like it that much
but I usually I'm the one who ends up
doing all the cooking and I just find it
so boring and however you like one other
people for me like everybody everybody
like that so really great to see what he
has it's just I was just playing about
their you know leaving you guys no
strength
yeah good nice coloring on and
everything let's not talk about these
little bits over here okay we just say
they were like trial and error give it
maybe a couple T genies tell me or not
Jamie palamino see the guys named Jamie
Jamie listen yes that's not happening
yeah there's a much better idea what if
I were to cook hook into here and make
some sort of like a stir-fry you guys
man this one this is working out pretty
awesome right now if you want the recipe
for this it's called Joe fossils I've
spent all my money on Christmas presents
and I've got no money left to buy food
therefore I'm using the leftovers that I
have inside my kitchen to make a tasty
dinner for my family dot-com you can
check it out it's pretty tasty hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the sakuni Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
