you
I woke up to the most disturbing news in
my entire adult life yes that is pretty
awesome
well tis only the fact that there is no
coffee in the house no coffee
what you got to say for yourself as you
shower down on your oranges I hope there
if got good citrus protein for you
because I honestly gong to do nothing
today because I have no coffee coffee
Anna that's the kind of thing that you
wouldn't wouldn't lately neglect now
would you maybe my friends here come on
pick up one to know my there's no coffee
no
precal will be sent to the store to get
the said coffee
oh what a surprise it was I who must go
and get the coffee
I'm not only no I'm not gonna get any of
you nicest
but after trying to the best like you
get until we get to Astoria type 1 so
king
from
Italians they were talking
okay
I'll go this one apparently it's Italian
favorite coffee and I'm hurry gonna tell
you those funny around Christmastime oh
yeah
walk around your area some tiny see all
the kids like a new bikes or rollerblade
or some sort of devices that's moving
with the motion of power you get a
device to music motion power panel is
done I'm what I'm not so good you go
curly it's really weird I have curly
hair I admit it oh no my hair's short
clothes we'll name the boy Bob and the
girls ooh
curly Bob and curly sue curly Bob Holly
handle holder look oh yes that's
fabulous
like a pendulum Oh to me as well guys
now woman get to bring the Joe fees for
you cuz you are my favorite oh my your
friend the job where you are with a
written waiver in here oh oh wait it's
the job oh that's very funny scrubby
scrubby I need a second didn't it a
second go guys it's about time you guys
participated in the cleaning up the
house all right so let's divide the
subscribers in half half or on scrubbing
and cleaning and dusting the other half
or I'm vacuuming washing and organizing
leave me a comment if you were if you
pick a chore and leave me a comment we
keep we vacuuming with washing floor
scrubbing like to show you any chore you
want leave me comment what or you would
like to do and I will get back to you
with your time
toilet I'm cleaning the corner you clean
the toilet time for some nourishment I'm
gonna go to the fishies like leftover
turkey or something oh you have no idea
where that is
oh my god fishy fingers face chicken
fingers fingers all right a rich source
of omega-3 sounds like the kind of
people I would like this day day of
daily ding such oh he's just so wrecked
after Christmas like I don't want an is
like how does it why does it bring you
so ho Christmas why do day me so what
you kidding me so I'm gonna have four
five six seven I do you think I am
alright any pop
Oh dip this one say about 200 she doing
nicely actually prayed some niceness why
is it a Christmas time we just want to
do nothing which is it makes you makes
you want to do not think it takes your
laziness and it amplifies it by a
million percent do you find that meaning
a marathon does make you feel irony your
area
oh I'm just gonna run away even your
destination you should do that right you
should say for New Year's resolution
right that's a corny I am a Sikh holy
I'm talking for you look I did I haven't
think another thing what it did okay hi
now you put your hands down I don't want
to vlog is hi need you to talking hi
my nose my ears and those ears do i do
up my makeup channel nothing closer okay
hi hi guys hi guys so I come to this
tile die so today don't know my mom
Nina's gonna run America next year guys
you're gonna be in training we should go
triathlon together as a Mayan couple
should be the first thing you should do
we should run to media travel on or
margin or what did we do a 1k I was
thinking of doing a cycling first
thinking of doing a quarter at 1:10 cake
a 1/10 cake is I like to the kitchen oh
well congratulations you're first you
would I was thinking we should get
cycling bikes and go cycling but then I
remember that that's probably some
father ha ha ha ha and I buy the bikes
never known I'd be all like yeah let me
buy too close me we get two acts and we
join the Cycling Association of Ireland
everything there you go like one time
and then I that happen too late I know I
don't know cycle it might be better than
running because you go further and it's
more stimulating but it seems easier is
it yourself
my they like my hair so I love it it D
up do the light in this room is awesome
I wish I could bring this light around
me everywhere just sort of tiny there
now it's like the best light in the
world it's a makeup mirror oh what's
that
there's not he vana
there's not even Sun in this guy what's
the point of a heat protectant straight
or curly oh god oh
are using the god uh I better check on
my flesh fingers God uh do you guys have
forgotten the duck huh I wish I had a
gun you're on your own man Sarah always
like Oh after that in the last step it's
like tradition you go oh that's
seriously my I just do not have to why
is that trapping
oh you always seem to drip on me you're
such a dripper know what no no off
switch oh my God look twisting off
twisting off twisting off goes back on
again go off and then bite on no off
again this please put that there
yeah okay so if there's a water drainage
problem in the world don't blame me has
my fishy fingers nicely done all I need
now some custard ah anyone get it the
doctor you reference custardy fish
fingers Oh Amelia pond how do you make
me laugh that's very good why are you
doing why are you doing that is this
your new thing now is it I command you
no no oh my god I command you
come on G from the volcanoes of Mordor
oh did nothing right I'm going inside to
sit on this couch
um this one here at albi has the right
idea
it's not the right idea I'll be you have
the right idea
you don't you think it's fun to move
around i hmm
will be here if anyone needs me you know
like I'm trying these iswhat fiddling
let's try a red myself if you find
yourself in a Christmas situation
wearing white blue gray black and all
sorts of different colors but all sorts
of different layers noted it's okay know
that it's okay for some of us always
seems to work it out me yeah
no red and black yeah no but I have like
a really long time you'd only need this
short coat so so it's not as bad as my
situation but it's okay because I was
grazing grazing went and brazen look at
this thing
I'm getting through it slowly guys a lot
of work but I'm we're getting there
we'll get in there well I'm applying
myself I haven't I haven't moved on to
the teddy bear and his decapitated Santa
Claus yet
hello but I'm I'm getting there I'm
working hard and working tirelessly
tirelessly out of hard for you guys I'm
not doing it for myself I'm doing it to
show you how much chocolate is possible
for one man to consume I do it for you
everything I do do it for you oh honey
why are you on where you are why is your
life on whew
miss Perez Rose Christmas virus road
driving and Lucas the forest rolled gold
all my time
all in one lapse alright let's turn in
to be a bliss I saw a car drive line it
looks me like almost car I want is that
all mr. wouldn't it be really funny if
Alma drops our eyes at the same time we
drove her that would be crazy if she did
the phone or ring now
oh just quick jack quick check and it's
okay yeah
Theo Liam ah we had all mrs. Olech on
reverse back a bit because she's better
space I've got the space and I'm not
some sort of a disgrace okay now that's
what free food we can scrummage boom I
got some turkey soup my plan it didn't
work it did mmm rock turkey and pass the
broth ruff you are a plat cien do your
homework look around a niche you put a
thing beside - oh my god I'm on fire
shouldn't stretch across handles it sets
you on fire what is this look at the
skin sharpness you guys wanted in
starving
what's your favorite there's Christmas
trees just hundreds and thousands sugar
Leafs neurons what it doesn't it is
cookies oh whoa what what what kind of
cookies today
throwing mine
YUM
Oh jolly Joe first let us go let us go
let us go Oh jelly Joe first let us go
and go Jane I've only got one key on it
key on it t on it I don't think anyone
can see us cuz it's so freaking dark
Neil
haha you cook the workshop in your
stupid phony oh brother Tesco but we
don't want to have to carry your boss
Kito's but we cannot find a euro for the
trolley guys because mean I didn't bring
a euro for the trolley Felice
oh-oh-oh-oh bingo-bango
what do you think of that why do I have
to kayak this is what what I'm the man
so I have to carry the euro I don't
think that makes any sense whatsoever
the sense police need to check that I
need to open a case file because I don't
believe that that makes
and what defense
you have the keys in the car crap no
vicodin
oh yeah it's not a manic one
Saur key
my god look the actual asking is turned
off huh
and now funny he's gonna turn it on
he's like alright cuz the thing actually
got stuck
that's back but
I was crazy right the actual Charlie
just like steps and they couldn't
actually move and the rest like everyone
was like piling up behind us
stop can't stop here who's Jess plate so
yesterday on the shower I was squeezing
the life out of the air the dog thing
trying to trying to get the last little
dribbler town well we've just
established as I said to a machine we
got more well would you say oh no no no
we've I extra wanted me keep them in the
drawer mmm but we don't tell mister me
now so here's my deal I'm of the week 20
chocolate chunk brownies mmm or
millionaire bites that you get 22
millionaire bites
hmm hold you go with 20 chocolate
brownies but 22 million air bites
remember the rule of the new product
look brand new products brand new price
have to get it that's just the rule
that's just the way it goes I don't want
to get it but I'm just forced what
warpath no Nazis for tenure you buy not
even 10 euros cheap gratis ooh-la-la
vanilla or told you dollar guys would
you go the crackling hazelnut will
happen in love let's imagine we meet I'm
trying to get cracking you're cracking
me up
it is crackling oh I'm just no Ling okay
well they come there's the Ling list
that crackle inglis his hurt
this star does not look very good is it
I don't think I'd buy that happy only
yeah I think actually like you melt and
actual be chocolate
no way girls a lot dry then it's like
the most expensive cup of something I've
ever seen in my life what no I got last
time I didn't like it you didn't know I
didn't I didn't I didn't get the full
maximum whoa I wanna wanna come down
there
feisty wife in want this one of these
automatic trolleys look he just kind of
let it go
it sort of walks along itself my dad
there Chad there I don't my charlie this
relies I got the bum deal ringing the
old trolley back
now see if I win see her oh good one
this is the best day of my life I'd like
to thank my mom and my dad for having me
from Tesco for supply trolley hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the ciccone Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be aa
