I don't know why but it still so crap
today like I just feel like hungover or
somebody you know even though I didn't
drink anything so you do eyes ass or my
head is all over the place I'm really
tired and I can't I go I want to murder
everybody that speaks to me you know
that credit heh yeah you see her over
there
I just everything she says I just want
to like beat her like I don't know if
you got like that guys just I'm just my
tolerance is like zero it's like what
time was that it's like it's five I saw
for God's sake it always bloody fire
fries and of course we're late I'm just
like oh my god I'm just so in a bad mood
today it's gonna be a bad mood that's
the kinda thing here annoys so many
nobody wants to party with someone when
the partying is wanting to be free don't
you say anything you're gonna be to
everyone's get the beat today today baby
birthday pic motovun birthday baby
give you a big buff Santino I'd say
right now CF of vitamins
for all you non Irish people or no
uncork people what been to the County
Cork but it's like in the middle of
nowhere no offense if you live there
like seriously but it is like in the
middle of nowhere and it's not even on a
motorway
nothing's in Browdy bark is in County
Cork and so that's the butter in the
face cutter she's a mentor you guys
don't know what she's like she's a nut
job
anyways Caribbean heating and plumbing
supplies because you're in my way you
already but latterly
what are you doing that is a new car my
cards but it's going on a white Volvo
and you guys have watched that show why
Batman not now not the documentary no
thing so we write this show is called
the white van man yeah boy hi
oh so late and most of the grains like
so
we wanted to watch The Strokes we're
told it's really funny and it actually
is quite funny no and then I tried dad
he had downloaded a documentary very
late so weird it was so random we're
both like this is really boring like
what the hell is this and next thing is
let'slet's Whiteside yeah II really
liked Britten's white and like all this
documentary about like the life of like
a plumber and like a repairman
I signed up for a documentary and then
turns out we Joe but the actual TV show
is quite good it's by 20 it's over it
was only helpful I guess exactly yeah we
watch like something about in your
shoulders right I love English shows
because it always like really well
thought out and done and stuff but
there's always like five or six episodes
in season then he got American shows or
like 20 or 30 episodes to this season I
am going to murder this I know it's like
slow but he's taking slowpoke into a new
level I know is a record of snowball
he's dirty cuts here's a Looney tune mmm
Amish darling if you're watching it this
is why we're late it wasn't our fathers
Kieran's fault
Kieran runes almost birthday and also
may have something to do with the fact
that we had to get petrol you were like
okay we're going to be about one so
we'll be there for 130 that is now well
we got text that's number one
all right that's kind of like over here
and they're gonna sit down for a while
order a bit of water friendly yeah bit
of bread Puzo animated ever like text
number two yeah
you know you come in yet we're going to
order and then just order me the
vegetarian option order your chicken
option that's what you do and then text
number three crap you want you'd want to
be in can sale by text number two you
guys yeah for this vlog it will be a no
Liam situation petroleum is no joke this
is a no Liam so we got here we survived
we made it sign in the card sign in the
old Cardy Neal check out cancer what a
beautiful little town close goes up high
you can't even see that hi how's it
going how are you today ok problem
number two somebody doesn't know where
we're going
oh oh you mean on a telephone what
that's very futuristic what's a cop wait
the White House we found kind of stands
out a little bit there dear reindeer do
return of with the thing that's kind of
cool I wonder is Obama in here
only the best back in my day back the
Emir up there the last longer
yeah nice we're gonna be reduced at the
chair is gonna cheer me up
stepping up out of my blue meanness is
your first nacho it's your first two
notches try some guac ease yeah I think
it's hot YUM
we devoured that good bit of teamwork
although Erica seems to have left all
the vegetables you've got your
vegetables Erica I tried to trick Erica
T the jalapeno but it is not work
see I could and they would have like
different people oh my god a place a
place fish the once was a little jockey
he ended up on that place for once was a
little fishy he ended up on that place
every chick is okay is a happy chicken
nose yum Italian chicken with ma she's
and sweet potatoes you know what is how
you want what are you doing that's fine
but I don't I think I need right there
sharing economy the Rambler is around
look everyone's laughter what did you
say
goodness miss jeren should stand against
the caustic coffee oh my God he's like
Tia Maria there I don't think there's
any coffee just call it a fast one
hey for Ricky's gas if you think I'll
let you chase a copy - this is a brownie
on the way as well there's a brownie in
this building with my name on it
somewhere awesomely good but so does
this taste you want that right now you
will do whatever you can oh my god in
the bucket
hello kick the bucket
can you see you good is there a training
here I've eaten so much food we planned
that we planned that out we'd had this
last year and then the jumper this year
so we are going home because I don't
have to film video and I got a blog it
is and I ricky still with us because she
doesn't want to go for a walk or in the
streets if you want to get a lift is
homies with Aziz cuz we passed a house
on the way home so all in all that was
it good oh yeah yeah very nice food is
awesome
so did you get up to a hair sequence
estate I'm stuck in traffic
wait stuck in traffic again around the
way home from Ken sale that was a nice
day except for the fact that it's
raining now yeah there's like kind of
mild but rain rain awaited just till we
got there ya know and I feel my grump
has been left you guys good that's how
he's like good food well they do not
roast a plate of nachos yeah me and
Ricky's stole all the cheese off the
nachos oh really yeah
it's Erica's birthday and it's my in the
five days yeah five days she's turning
14 it's very easy for me to remember
because she's exactly 10 years so
halfway yeah but yeah she's turning 14
in my day
we're expecting a Taylor Larkin what's
his name
Flattr Lautner Lautner should she be
making your way over for our New Year's
Day
uh-huh yeah Eric I was in New Year's
baby there's not so cute that's how it
works me every year we change it what
are your new year's resolution eric has
is to turn 14 that was pretty easy
that's going to happen is the Mayan no
Mayan heart when I show you what I got
for Christmas
here versus this one Eric I got for
Christmas for one of her presents I
picked well no actually my mom picked
this color but I told her I steered her
in the right direction I was like just
you know acting like she would just do
this one from Santa Claus anyways yeah
it's really concealed and she picked the
blue one do you like the phone it was I
think a pink and white one her it wasn't
painted with some other color we thought
that was yeah there's tons of traffic I
don't know why drugs could be a crash is
something to check them for drugs
I kind of breathily actually it might be
a reckoning well maybe I did be on the
other side
to see what Irish going
yeah whatever that closes the garden
I was the head of us
these are packs walking guard was he
good run
sorry guys I thought I was gonna be
exciting what's going on hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
