Oh Oh Merry Christmas
Oh were you good dis year kids did I
come and visit you last night because I
decided after all my travel tonight just
come and stay and live here with us
Akoni Jolie's Sandow why did you take my
vlog oh I'm sorry I decided I take a
career on the youtubes Oh little girl
why are you here you go little girl
Alvey what's this is this for you there
you go see this just taking it from him
Oh dad what's to have nice dad what's
that Oh lv lv what's this
avi now present number one this one
might make a lot of sense because I know
how much you like candles plain white
candles just go with it I don't know you
never know what it could go anywhere oh
my god
there were last night I was like hey we
should get those things I don't know if
you if you could figure out what the
deal is here consumer to hang them or
something or you could put one like a
window upstairs well it's not really
related but it might come in handy
someday in the future what you just hang
them from that now weighs somewhere to
put them I do good yeah happy first
Christmas wife it's very happy I love it
here you go I know you have no idea what
that is no clue whatsoever
yes good LP he's just like making its
little bed in this thing
look how nicely my things are wrapped
yeah Christmas you have to play it all
day long well I was that's the one
oh never mind you don't know what it is
huh can't see anything music lair are
you happy now I don't know if this is
any good or not so I don't really know
about these kind of things but I know
you like receiving these kind of things
and I love you very much
there's wouldn't be the kind of thing
that I'd like to see you but I know you
like to receive these kind of things
hmm
who liked the shiny things oh my god
it's so pretty is it
I'm sure thank you honey I really needed
this perfect I know I tuned a budget out
the window okay
sparkly it is hmm yeah because I had a
gold one and I didn't have any silver
one and everything every time I would
get ready or something like hey I was
always like I wish I had a silver
bracelet the girl in the shop said she's
like she's like would you like him a
return receipt just in case she doesn't
like it you know okay boys cuz it cost
so much and she was like oh god I love
it
yeah because you're saying like you like
getting jewelry and stuff I know that's
the whole point I knew you wouldn't
think together and it goes really well
with your your dress again what a fancy
bag I know you do buy burn burn burn
this one I'm so scared because I don't
uh-huh is it fragile II don't do that
overnight
this area yes it's a massive box of
cereal I know my rapping is like so it's
thoughtful and caring okay I know it
Star Wars and I know you don't really
like Star Wars but they didn't have a
pirate ship and I just thought that
spaceships are more like a fight from
pirates oh my god seriously I know I'm
like a 30 year old Idol but like Lego is
the best Christmas present you can get
anyone ever and I promise not to make it
when you're asleep I was like eight or
nine my dad bought me like a pirate ship
was like the biggest leg of pirate ship
and I told me it wasn't a let make it
till after dinner
I couldn't first news I came down him
and my brother made it on me it made my
Largent the whole point of Legos make
something and it's so awesome no like
are you sure you like it yeah Lego
though you kept saying it best again I
you know they go they fell for boys
diamonds for girls yeah we see they had
like had no pirate ships like they had I
was like yeah I know but they had like
you know Lego is so freaking experience
I couldn't believe it I was like oh my
god my budgets like shot already but um
oh god what is she doing oh it's a B um
yeah so I saw there was a pirate thing
but it ended up being like a castle with
loads of ships around it and I was like
you don't really like castle if you're
not like a world up what is it Warcraft
person and I know you're not really into
like Star Wars but there was no like
Stargate Atlantis or anything like that
no ever Stargate never
so what was it eight year old 14 but I
thought like it was actually make it
then you can put it like on your desk
like a spaceship no totally like I won't
I don't make ya animation it was like no
no awesome no it's awesome like I know
they go and I found like there are
different spaceships there was actually
that was the biggest one like the most
the most expensive but no there was
other ones and they just worked kind of
boring looking like but that wasn't much
she looks cool do yet new sucks yeah no
just editing the vlog from from a I say
narrow we've seen our presence but I'm
gonna call my brofist and see the Dylan
get his ass feeling get his present yet
and what he thought of it oh happy Drake
day it is as I said happy you're happy
uncharted 3 day the dips with Dylan open
is their present and we're not too big
and we're not too nice that's how I roll
who wants to go to all of us house who
is gonna like there's no Santa Claus
little Santa's helpers oh look I'm Santa
Claus in there my little helper yeah you
can be the gift angel hey I know what
the gift angel is already
what's the Eric and imma get some
presents
Oh
these people look at me funny hmm
because Santa Claus hello if he doesn't
hello my beard run twice over light away
in a manger happy birthday
it's just birthday today oh those routes
are you a good girl oh ma this is what
you write so all of this is mine the TV
the digital box the DVDs this oh just
this oh my hair just mine the shoes you
can have the fat hamster oh did you get
Audi ah oh that's for bone abuse the
dogs are the dogs were wearing cat cat
colors hundred little bells are and see
is it a clutch sisterly love
oh she did oh it's a hamster a fat
hamster a thumb stir it's a bum stir
what I got sex to do I was just saying
what you mean you put them in I thought
it was cool dogs what's this one what's
this ah the perfect gift get to work
Oh more jewelry girls get such boring
presents I got the best present I got a
leg oh yeah once jewelry I knew that
before you did you did you pick it out
pet treats Emma oh is that is that
edible oh no it was that was like an
earring or something okay hold on let me
let me open it for you let me open it
for you oh my god oh hey Patty's done
man - does that mentally mental has
devoured everything that came in her
selection box this morning
and I think she devoured Alby streets as
well look it's to tour them to tear them
hold on hold on I get into it this is
when someone called Amy me Anna
for my little sister in law little
little little say I think so
it has my name on it has looked across
this image no no for me is decapitated
that's awesome thanks Emma motorcycle
see kids that's why you wear a helmet
when you're on your motorbike hoist
you'll end up like Santa Claus there's
more okay what do you want what color oh
look at this one this is from m-mean
nice guys what's the plan here what's
the plan here see the trick is to shake
a present to figure out what it is but
look nice look we have to open this
together at the same time for both of us
from Emma so funny sounding 100 it's
gonna hook dogs
what oh my goodness another one just
keeps on coming
this is great this is the best where you
go wow you can open it oh what's that
a pile of squishy paper carefully yeah
oh look at the way it's made look at it
carefully yeah more presents more
presents who was that Anna and Cole
well I've I've been demoted to Cole
that's it
go Anna go Anna Cole Anna
where's Albie he's left mm-hmm she's the
mannequin
see you've got loads of treats here
you're not coming back
do people think we're dog people or
something and it's some calendar but it
locust supporting yeah local local
animal welfare groups moving on what's
this one and another one from Emma so
far Evers giving me more presence in
Erica so I'm with my favorite new sister
that's how it works it's so cool big
cupcake
plus I seen that
give her tweaks like Benji she wants to
open thanks Tina
woo seen that Stella tape on her foot
oh we're just talking my gloves
yesterday
yeah so much look what I bought Eric I
suppose I bought it too didn't I good
luck it's two-faced just something that
I see face is it big I've never heard of
them that's so awesome you got look so
pretty I'm sorry the Christmas lights
you have to water the lights that
doesn't sound right
what they realize or obviously they're
like yeah I know yeah it looks really
nice so show my mom laughter mm-hmm
and I was any morning this morning I
need a new ID mm-hmm cool yeah it is
actually
really nice on and it's Jersey on the
inside of jerseylicious Jersey
you know you're married with all the
presents you're getting you like them
they are cute they look really good when
you're making dinner every day what's
that Oh a surprise gift oh don't you
love when you get a gift inside of a
gift it's like a to give a double gift
the earrings
no bogeys hey donkey
Toki's earrings I just seem to keep
going what's going on under there some
sort of a party or something oh is that
so
Garf it's got a hole in the middle of it
I don't understand what that is is that
a poncho
it's a cardigan yeah these are my
favorite kind of party that's awesome
what I got another secret special gift
that keeps on giving
no it's mine my screen wet is over the
card a fun screen way but is a ste open
a computer oh it's a dog oh my god a
computer scan oh yeah cause look it's
none study the best thing about
Christmas the only downside the
Christmas is this do you like that memo
little balls of hell
do you like Brussels bats leave me a
comment if you like Brussels friends or
do you have any Christmas dues or don'ts
that's a big turkey is in here getting
ready to be getting ready to pop head or
the neck moves from here to here stage
to me well they're Christmas Christmas
Christmas Christmas
whoa what her name gherkins chickpeas
melon maybe all right
chickpeas are disgusting guys we're at
it ain't world exclusive little
coordinator let's put it in at the dog
coat hanger wait a second each of us for
needs hey that's perfect
no no specifically for leads
yeah yeah cuz we do cuz lucky put the
coats and the leaves and everything on
one go nice we can put in the back of
the door because it's wouldn't look you
can just screw it in - yeah
Oh God oh goodness
whoo look at this hazel the Mandarin
actually has what's his name don't keep
the name Oh Albert no hey look he's got
his own hair that isn't that is a big
turkey did you choose that a small one
oh my goodness look at this guy's
minster meat mm-hmm fresh minced meat
how about freshly minced or also having
some pork so much pigs so many pigs on
Christmas I've got almost you said sure
look she's such a brand look she's
walking out with her tag in the back
like you know Ivan illa Villa your Villa
villa is that the Germans do you guys
just keep your tags there is that a
tradition this is for sale you can you
can buy a Noma
they're available at OMA calm yeah from
the UK yeah yeah what is where it's gone
holy holy s--t ins look Anna got a
special nut roast nuts roasting on an
open fire
are they from an open fire yeah well
what's that yes
nothing what's that
the Christmas dinner rule is that when
you feel stuffed I have to keep going
until you fall asleep you eat till you
sleep does it makes you fall asleep no
way that's crazy
could we track use a cocktail collapses
leave you ate too much turkey would you
fall asleep have you ever fallen asleep
from turkey babies puppies what if you
have a turkey sandwich in a poppy seed
roll
I like guaranteed to make us sleep you
should try that the second-best meat
called on your life I can get up here
Christmas is being YouTube's queen and
you accidentally ended up with a spoon
full of sprouts do you know dude I would
pick your dogs no you don't feed us the
air dogs Benji has been do you want some
green did you have some turkey guys they
have turkey Turkey and cream there's no
shortage in my pockets Turkey pocket
let's get out what's the big family
movie oh the Doctor Who special oh must
not watch it must not watch it well I'm
gonna watch it I'm gonna watch him to
get home
you're gonna have to watch it too yummy
espresso coffee do you think you always
have to remember at Christmastime
there's always plenty of time
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
