good morning friend Amelia and I are in
her room
we're just about to get dressed it's
nine o'clock and let's go just one down
for her first nap although oh that was
just a lot of dogs barking it's not okay
last night was not great
Alessia did not react very well to her
shop she got three shots yesterday I
think it's the 16-week ones or whatever
I think that's one she had I'm not
really sure she was said three and she
had like six in one pneumococcal one and
MMR I think first off a media wouldn't
go to go fetch she like kept coming down
which happened some times and then at
about nine o'clock well she was just
Fosse like the whole kind of the whole
day Alessia and then in about nine
o'clock which is unheard of
she was just crying and actually she
wasn't that bad once they got her off
but she was like one two week I don't
understand usually they make them more
sleepy and I was giving her Cal Poly
like I gave her two doses of Cal Poly
yesterday usually that would make them
sleepier but like yesterday she was like
come on same day from kind of like
caffeine wrangling and then this morning
of course they all came in at like well
since putting them to bed like an hour
later it's I know Eduardo does get into
bed earlier um but they don't actually
wake up until 7:00 or like quarter past
7:00 which is amazing so like even
though I didn't get to sleep early until
about one o'clock I did get a lion to
7po it's fine it's fine I'm really happy
Robbie term on Saturday don't be late or
run away you're knitting haha is it a
nuts
Wow it's funny
I mean I'd sight in a while legs are
like when it's sunny you have to put so
many people you do art oh that's very
good advice for all the boys and girls
at home so we go well we do have some
cream it's a very good advice no God not
there it is to put it here huh I knew it
was around here somewhere duardo I got
really big bustle there's your water
part well I got you want to here with a
little sticker on it apparently I didn't
oh my goodness so I've spent the last
few days nights all in on with my tree
the animation I don't know is a suit or
something come on hop in
I don't know if you guys can appreciate
all right all right
you better go to my trim it out I hope
it does really well because I really
want to progress a series using a lot
more CGI stuff because it's a lot more
convenient with the chilies and trying
to work I know it's not something proven
are you thank you
anyway it will be up on Sunday hopefully
possibly not depending on it oh yeah so
yeah please go check it out what they
say this is this area using Sunday's
vlog right hey welcome to Sunday I must
have already been uploaded on the
silliest red channel it may not be okay
if it's not there just no dry struggles
because
little drumbeat kitchen out there well
yeah it could be over on the old friend
friends three friends give no watch see
these things
yeah I'm just playing around toying
around with different technologies
breaking to watch anything like Joey
look you minutes on that how did I take
you so long you know go yeah I've also
left my mind ha ha ha please send it
back to me
it takes you get thirsty yeah ok we are
on the where you can look there who
should be suffering at a pizza Papa
John's a Papa John's Pizza hmm what do
you can say there's only one oh sorry
yeah hey give everybody one
oh I tell you that there is only one
with a new accountant on the corner
let's walk underneath you think this
spooky situation what yes oh look at
this word oh you see the little kitty
cat oh yeah streetwise magazine and who
are you streetwise are you okay only to
your left you wanna press the button
looking fucking crazy fuckin oh it was
some good button pressing that was a
good program right I've seen a lot of
people press buttons in my time but that
was pretty good what you did you made
the green mango
yeah it is
Oh somebody eager for his room to be
don't be worn out before you get there
huh oh my goodness
mommy's ready their chosen how their
mommies and daddies go with our children
hmm what there's no time for picking
flowers
oh yeah oh thank you thank you thank you
I will treasure it forever
run some water we've decided we've come
early so we're going to sit we're going
to show by this tree here just means
wardo just chillin chillin like a bunch
of chitter did you get it watch watch
you gotta do pick like so I shall not go
you're too much
oh no we're big on do you know hey when
your tongue muscles just go like that
you know sometimes I hear and then boom
it was gone you've got no tongue muscles
oh so in fairness I think that in a
cloud somewhere a comfortable yeah is
that the birds hey do you like what be
me Dad ate my son didn't tell me do you
like rugby are you enjoying there will
be classes yeah kind of blah what is it
a biking you kind of put a different
label you do what would you like playing
with me with all the boys or would you
rather play ballet Oh
who's that huh oh my goodness what's
going on here watch you have a chicken
pox
your guys messing in here are you Oh Oh
Jim nastic closers so this is at the bar
you do work at our cheetahs in
gymnastics yeah what wait a scooter as
well
oh this scooter is for like sitting on
oh that's an interesting move you got
there well done mr. Robbie man a gymnast
and a rugby player huh okay one more
things me whoa that was a good tumble
Wow
thank you I'm just editing the vlog this
is the way edit the blog's now I got
last year
hang it off me huh can you help me you
just can you like do a ripple delete for
me babies editing video still ripple
delete do it already for me look cool
buddy huh so oh oh that's not your hands
challenge who have done it before
anyway it is literally light it's like
almost 5 o'clock and I have been working
on my little 3d video presentations that
were thrown all the live long day and I
haven't actually got around to editing
the deal ugh yep that is the situation
ok and now it's almost over Todd and I'm
like oh no I've got to get to it if you
know where to do it
if any you guys aren't familiar with a
truly tougher brother-in-law I'm
currently making this increased mocks as
you can see I'm using a V red render and
materials library um this is a little
city one of you if you have actually
seen the video but this is the car that
we were driving in load up there now in
a second
as you can see boom I still Acharya
we're driving and I have H bases on at
the moment that's why it's a little bit
funny but am yeah it's pretty cool yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed this video or
you've got to watch it and I made it in
20s max using a v-ray on a renderer and
I edited or the D effect in After
Effects and I can pause the video and
Adobe Premiere Pro are you sorry you
bored
I want to shout all on the green screen
yeah I think that's pretty much all the
programs I used please check it out okay
it's amazing
it's a literally amazing is this why
don't I was amazing enough what I can
tell that she's getting annoying me so I
better as the block otherwise your we
complain or so block no time for
everybody's learning about for everyone
as in immediate world oh and then less
yes that one
yesterday you react is so weird like
this never happened before and like her
bath water is probably on the hotter
side and like the warmer side then it's
meant to be because I always just do
that so I like bath for like I like
showers and baths to be really hot so
sometimes I have told my kids from like
making it too hot I've never left for
everything you know they mean like
Samantha says like mommy is really hot
I'm like really and so I definitely like
about the more YouTube a level of heat
and yesterday she was shivering like
when I talk rare and she would stop
shivering completely gorgeous goosebumps
all over her new in a way he sings so
big so anyway and yeah she was like
shivering squirrel on shivering him I
felt so bad for her and I think it's
because of the shop that survived she
not fully too hot I was pretty cool in
here and because what the hell one woman
you're like burning our favorite so that
should go to show like her bath
yesterday was on the warmer side and she
was still shivering so it wasn't like I
had made it too cold it was just a
reaction from getting her shots I don't
know and then today she like leaning
there in pain and I think he was when I
was holding her and it was like all of a
sudden and I think it because I touched
her leg but I think one of her like was
really gross like I could see a bruise
on it but from the injections were feel
really bad for her
and she's kind of been a bit like she
happy now who's in her boss well I just
kind of been a bit out of sorts like
today as well so
oh it's kind of made women late with it
right now but I wanted to get too cold
ready so one step above all huh I know
right let's go those flowers belong in
the sitting room bow in my father I know
it's so cute it's like a proper little
laughs like no joke so when you can go
in there - come to Daddy camera mirror
good you can be close
hmm you growing your goal I am luckily I
haven't grown in about 20 years old
all right everybody go ahead on my
clothes yeah it goes I don't aim well
you're haven't gotten any taller
yeah taller horizontally or horizontally
taller
hey you're looking a bit horizontal
taller yeah baby what have you gained
horizontally tallest hmm I've just
thrown a few inches yeah gun fires only
I'm Horizonte challenge short I did wait
a moment vertically challenged yah yah
yah how's it going in here that's every
behaving ourselves boys and girls
Buckley's I'll just call you yo are we
behaving right oh hello George
hello Peppa what oh no George are you
afraid to swim charge oh no right
Oh George is afraid to swim I feel you
not afraid to swim
hi behaviour South Wales government
right so he's is in general our dad a
puppy did come in at you with it with
separate hard drive toasters ridges
under laughing did you took apply it
that you with a lion rub underway repeat
this every day you really wanna be a
robot
low-five low-five
I'm a robot
