there's and the class please send me one
selfie blanket some treats a cake for
seen a pretty color and lots of love to
you awesome Sally you guys making some
fishy fingers cuz I need the nourishment
what a day that is and it keeps changing
there
do you guys like my t-shirt brother area
okay come on she was doing nice looking
see the two in the middle there Amiga
and the other two are the Donegal catch
once it actually look different I didn't
think that actually be different at all
but turns out they are different so
today is going to be so I'm going
Christmas shopping I'm going to get
Jonathan's present and I know it's Merry
Merry Christmas for all of you guys but
for me it's only Christmas Eve so we're
gonna split up today and I'm going to
get his present with my mom and the
reason I realize it so late is because
well it was actually on purpose because
we wanted you guys to see it like the
day before Christmas and then when
Johnson edit the vlog it'll be over so
there'll be no secrets from that's going
to go now know what woody yeah ready
I'm the air one has a flu you're going
it's like that's like you and then this
woman is like exactly that's the old
this one has like a weird function where
you have do you mean he was like I'm
like I'm already stressed out person and
talk about it so every time you guys
record basically you're gonna have to
zoom in one bar hmm okay off good
luck with that
and the camera just cut out guys I'm
gonna have to plugging this broken in
camera that Jonathan gives me cuz he's
to me to be his good new camera he's
like you've been of the old one so I'm
gonna have to keep these clips really
short but basically I'm gonna go visit
my mom now I told her that as um as
payback for her going shopping with me
cuz I wanted somebody to go shopping
with cuz I hate driving on my own um she
said that I would wrap her presence her
Christmas presents because you guys know
that I love that all right no time to
waste
got to be hasty but there's I know over
there okay yeah it you know is syndrome
okay hoodie a check jeans iou's a check
check shirt a check go bring a check
your t-shirts I'm going to check shirt
today
alright let's go do the Voodoo that you
do so well
hope to god it does not clean because in
here everyone is either shopping
something or that hold what their family
you where this should be
so these pictures right now who's gonna
win the house for us huh this is the
reward that you're gonna get you're
gonna mind in the house you're gonna win
house up up up in in in in in in in in
in menders i'll he knows the game up now
he's gonna mind the house mind the house
mind the house good doggies and I'll see
you later guys
can't get up the name is Jeff so I don't
know if any of you guys realize how warm
it is right now
things like this all over the world but
I'm not wearing a jacket or cardigan and
jeggings nuts pretty much this is really
really cool he needs like his pack
gloves so I just did a drive-by a mama
stylist has and I can see her car is
still there so I guess that they have
not left yet because I'm not actually
going to go into man I'm actually going
to Douglass guys but I'm actually
breaking the rules because I know we're
talking about like all we're just making
sure presents himself but I was kind of
a slight distraction you know me and my
distractions yo you guys remember a
proposal okay oh my god I gots go
antlers in this car it's kind of cool so
they haven't left yet and I'm going to
go to Douglas this is I'm in my a
starlet
this is their new laptop look Harris
snazzy
see what's his name again Chloe oh I
don't know the password
well I will not show you me playing in
the password I don't mind my sweaty face
because I didn't I want really fast wake
up the happiness no radio game today
guys
turn that off but look at this traffic
oh uh
Christmas traffic oh ah crud I guess I
wasn't the only person that left it to
the last second what's a mail room look
can you guys see that look mail room not
mail isn't message room and not toilet
or mail toilet so it's just a mail room
can you even see that and this is like I
don't know if anyone's ever actually
seen inside that room but look mail room
it's so weird well at least I notice
room 638 just went up oh my god oh my
goodness it's gone up like will it go up
again over look at that oh no I will
never know we will never ever know
oh look at that guy's spotted her versa
net
boom bountiful thank you very much and
have a Merry Christmas ha ha oh my
goodness there anything a few minutes I
thought I was actually I'd actually like
severed off a good like you know half an
hour to 40 minutes of trying actually
get parking boom straight away okay so
I'm allowed to show you this because
it's by the time you watch it'll be
Christmas but oh look there cinnamon and
stars tempt sterna right yes and these
were probably all baked by Emma yes I
did so much Christmas spirit that's been
wasps nests oh and a happy Christmas to
all the German people that are watching
because it's Christmas oh no it was
Christmas for you never mind anyway this
is our how the presents laid out and
cookies and and my style that it doesn't
like wrapping so I'm gonna wrap some
things for her so in exchange for her
coming with me bringing driving me
everything in the shop but I don't think
I don't think that's very practical
everything in the shop was here last
time in here a few weeks ago look this
is from Mama styler to Erica's and
that's so cute I wish you could smell it
because it smells really good as well it
smells very strong but these are and now
I'm going to have her up oh yes and this
is Jonathan's present from fat-faced and
isn't it for a jacket yeah it's a warm
warm jacket I know he's gonna love this
so I'm gonna wrap this okay so at the
birthday party clothes is a good chance
that I might actually come to this
center so this is the homemade thing and
I'm going to build for her this is the
other presenters so I need to the back
of the wrapping paper they're pulling up
in the car that way that she might come
here and catch me I'm not to wrap it's
not funny at all
anyways so this is pretty the worst
wrapping job I've ever done of any
present ever look at this this is a cup
for somebody I'm not gonna say him
because I don't want to hear me but look
how bad this is
I mean come on seriously like oh if it
were me I probably would have tried to
get a box or something because I just I
don't know how you can even laugh at off
like it's round and circular as
it's kind of awkward it's got a handle
and everything so yeah and look what my
mom got for Sina little hair things
while they're actually not them so these
ones right here this inner ones so cute
oh my god actually found the perfect
thing look at this laptop cushion with
LED light and she always uses that I
actually wanted to get one of these
that's actually functional by the same
time the perfect distractor haven't seen
it like yeah for the car cause I wanted
to grab a few things that I know I'm
gonna need tomorrow okay I need this and
I wanted to grab a dress look at this
this is actually such a mess oh my god
all my things
where's my dress that's the question
Joby dunny and Donny can fake phone icon
alright is now to home time to prepare
the surprise of them celebrations oh my
goodness I always say I'm never gonna
shop in your New Year's Eve again New
Year's Eve joven so you're okay
exactly I'm early for New Year's Eve I'm
planning a family for Christmas Eve oh
my goodness it is crazy in there it is
like cray-cray you do not do not go in
there right let's go let's go I feel so
good now that I'm all done I'm looking
around I'm like hi hi how's it going
okay oh no hug you guys just going in a
huh well that's until the last minute a
hug goodness oh guy yeah good luck good
luck all of you I'm done
so we're getting a candle from the
candle side
we're getting in the
yes I think that one
kick it up let me welcome everybody to
the wild wild west
California knew how to party I heard
they knew how to party
my idea is on my Facebook so I'm going
to use these two colors give me that
give me that give me this this is not
for you backers these are well is that
actually for you well you've already
ruined them now let's get everything
let's get everything gone before mom
gets home okay okay let's go you guys
wanna go peepees you guys want to go
peepees you guys want to go peepees
pause the videos go
BB's Oh start is nobody what what look
Abby's gone out come on Tina go peepees
go Coco come in yeah you're insane again
they decided and I am home I am very
happy for your excitement but you must
endeavor to copy beats good boy yeah
whatever you are
I also found this which I know he's not
really a fan of Star Wars but I know
that she likes Lego and stuff like that
and I know he's a grown man and
everything but in fact when he was
younger he told me that his dad got him
a Lego pirate ship one time for
Christmas and then he put it together
that night I think unlike Anna I do not
possess the skills needed to be a master
rapper okay I didn't a manly rapper okay
I get job done efficiently and fast may
not make the prettiest rapper in all of
the land and then he put it together for
ten minutes
day and that was really like unfair and
he never actually got to enjoy the
experience everything it together so I'm
gonna cut him a little thing that's
related to size I'm also getting Drake
this for Jonathan I don't know I'm gonna
regret it anyway it's gonna look really
cool when it's done I love what is there
I need to take a little sparkly things
off them they're really cool though
you know houses lay testers and then we
got this me and I'll put this together
here and it's gonna turn this with lunch
anything or hang them off it it's gonna
be awesome stuff for Elvin Cena as well
how awesome is that small problem though
the candles are boxes I had to buy this
all separately because it's not coming
together but look it doesn't actually
fit so I think I might ask just like
chop these candles and like half or
something to make them all fit otherwise
it's like way too tall if you're a girl
would that be an awesome present to have
like of course is also that okay so I'm
at home and I'm so excited to make my
little surprise sorry I feel like I
didn't really love that once what we're
talking about it's just so hectic like
there were so many people around and I
know I'm not as good as Jonathan at
vlogging and stuff but I tried everybody
try it anyways so album scenery outside
Rainier peepees and I'm having some
lunch asleep 3 o'clock or something for
like accessori o'clock and I haven't had
lunch yet
and I am starving so I'm gonna do that
and then I'm gonna get
starting on my presents huh we're back
to the normal camera cuz I'm home you
big meanies
Jonathan are eating spinach I got your
chocolate look oh my god I'll be things
therefore he oh no no no no for you no
this is their bag of treats up here oh
and he knows that she knows it anyways
come on guys let's do fun stuff with me
alright so nobody's on here alright
really hope you like this guy's because
oh god
what I hope you like I know it's like
Star Wars and it's not anything just my
sister on but I feel like
hey nobody's allowed me okay you can
come in you can come in yes well then
you stay out okay it's one of the other
now we have to move this so it looks
very homemade but let me know okay
be honest does this look kind of crappy
like I'm proud of it well we'll see you
let me know what you think
okay ready for the reveal okay three two
one tada
what's your face think that is is the
one key oh my god okay so it has all of
your comments which I couldn't fit
everybody's in unfortunately I could
only fit a couple in but they're all
really nice comments that's all the
people that got on Joseph's is present
but I will show him the entire service
honey
like seriously there was like over a
hundred comments and I was so
overwhelmed because I was like oh my god
I did not expect that I thought there'd
be like five so thank you so much to
everybody who left such nice comments
like you have no idea he's gonna really
appreciate all of them I'm not gonna
show him them all to me can you read all
of them so if you have to comment and
you can get on the board that doesn't
mean that you didn't make it for it like
because it was crappy or anything I just
went living me from like start to as far
down as I could go
hi what's that ho for you do their
stockings were filled so when does
Christmas start they have to wait until
tomorrow I want to give all the presents
now
they have enough Christmas Eve Oh guess
what Tina Oh Cena it's fine I got
something for you
from Alma
with me I showed you guys their pink one
can't tell if that's pink or red that's
red okay we'll go with purple hey sit
there and close your eyes all right okay
now we decided that because it's
Christmas Eve where I let open one of
our presents and seeing as Jonathan for
Fault me a million presents and I bought
him three and we're gonna give him the
whole made one now okay okay you're
gonna open your eyes now they wrote it
you guys yeah oh and I put all their
names so you could see recognizes I know
he's not here Oh how'd you get them to
write you I didn't even think the best I
mean I'm sure they're all amazing but
it's not like I even picked like my
favorites or anything I just picked the
first like I went from any is there
that's so cool oh my god do you like
that everyone should keep writing this
you should keep writing these I want
something like this now Oh
often we're being like too nice and they
were saying nice things about me as well
and I was like no don't say that I think
because I can't like I wasn't gonna
write Ana his beautiful is amazing on
your thing with one ski huh she all
events I yeah yeah some people had
really long things because I wanted to
include them because I know that you
love okay
now how's Nina Stern you hate it are you
confused what it is it's kind of cool I
think I was thinking about getting one
of these ages ago
Merry Christmas it's not a laptop it's a
multifunctional laptop cushion so it
doesn't get too hot on your legs he
hasn't like it's for reading books look
at the girl like it's kind of cool isn't
it no way even better nighttime oh my
god guys that is I cannot believe I've
just read a few of these I cannot
believe this out your pencils cannot
believe the stuff you guys were saying
like it means so much to me and I just
my veto was over so I went on Facebook
and I was just reading cheering I was
like oh my god it's so amazing you guys
have no idea how much it means to me
that you know what you guys were saying
like it's so awesome hey guys thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
ah
