graffiti war no kinda cool it's all
graffiti like so we got went to the Pope
home we got a couple of cards we got one
from Colossus the massive biggest dog in
the world he's so big he's like Colossus
resize cutest Colossus oh it's from
Colossus Mall Lok I think that's how you
say their names mall and Lok and
Charlotte and money the only person who
isn't on the garden Charlotte who's the
person who probably did the whole thing
it's so difficult that's like what I'm
like as well oh um usually the mom is
like the one who takes all the photos
and then like isn't in any of them but
look how cute they are
that's so cute so thank you so much guys
I love that picture of Colossus it's so
funny oh this is from Suzanne from she
works as the PR manager for the bunny
shop that was really nice of her oh this
one turns penny so thank you funny and
she said Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year wishing you the happiest Christmas
no for trophies hope you get your snow
javis this one right here is handmade
guys Merry Christmas
how cute is that and it is from Natalie
from England oh and she made it herself
look not me from England we got one from
Evelina and this is really cute she
is from the US she said as Lena Robin
and our little kitten Henry oh we got
this one this is a really fun one Merry
Christmas and this is from designs by
Sara M so Sara she she designs the XO a
necklace that I love so much and she's a
subscriber and she's really it that was
very nice of her
so thank you so much you fuse into the
card we really appreciate them we're
gonna put them all up in our house what
is this this came from the US I don't
know what it is it's so well right it
looks so cool it's got a little card go
and open the card it was addressed to
you that's how you open cards guys to my
favorite family love Rebecca interesting
plumed handcrafted pillows oh my god
Christine Dinsmore from Portland Oregon
Etsy calm oh my god this is so cool she
said this at handmade like pillowcase
well what is it it's a tow case I'm not
crying to my wedding and cranky that's
where my dad is from oh it's Italy oh
and look it says the date of our wedding
oh thank you so much for that that was
so cute it's the pillowcase and look you
can even think there's Sicily I think
that Sardinia miss Capri feel small oh
okay so now that I have recovered from
my emotional breakdown we got another
thing from Finny the girl from Indonesia
she always sends that stuff she's so
generous and she said in her cart I know
you didn't want it anything for
Christmas but please consider this as a
very belated housewarming gift big hugs
from Jakarta Jakarta Jakarta um and she
said just this what I love most about my
home is who I share it with and it does
the saucony Jolene's ah that's so cute
we can put that alike in our hallways
look guys the cook Jonathan got what are
you doing what are you doing at my
glossy box for men I think it's got like
a PlayStation game and some like
chocolate cakes and beer and crisps and
like tools so he's gonna do yes he's
gonna do a review on my channel because
you guys have been asking ever since we
did the gift guide everyone
like Maury Jonathan videos are Delphis
dofus sorry Joe this is my stage name
yeah more jovis videos of like reviewing
products that would be amazing and like
so many people are like oh we should get
glossy box for men and then glossy box
contacted me and they were like oh do
you want us to send Jonathan a glossy
box for men and I was like ok so I asked
Jonathan and he was like yeah alright
I'm calling it though we talked to GB my
joining GB hooked me up with a GB Herman
poor man gbes gbg4 men we could make
some we could make some cool after I
went there and I got my glassy walks and
then I got this
no one says like a sneak preview for all
you style dieters it there but I'm it's
not a candle no he's Neil Wolfe shine
spray alright no this is the shine gift
gift box or whatever cylinder Center
gift cylinder
gift set and there's like three
different ones I think and they sent me
shine because they knew it I really
liked the shine spray it is amazing
so many people okay I know my hair looks
crap right now cuz I didn't get a chance
to silence mornings you're like rushing
but usually my hair looks better like
Menace and it looks shinier and people
are always like why does your hair why
is your hair so shiny it's this stuff
right here you get um some different
products in here I think three different
products and it's like heavy this is
really heavy but the sad thing is if
they wanted to send it to me before
Christmas and they did send it to me
before Christmas because it was also
slow I didn't get a chance to review it
in time because I didn't get it until
today and today is like the 23rd so
we're kind of too late
look at the sizes Charlie left feel like
a massive ginormous Charlie because all
of you guys in this traveling so big
could be fun you guys want to see
Charlie is what I'm pushing this thing
you get some fish for tonight or a
community-funded over here you just want
to get them here or do want to get them
on the fishy Condor
hey give any salmon bullets yeah right
it's 1kg I'm looking for a salmon fill
it it's fun if you ordered two it's
awesome this guy's necessarily funny
look fresh fish and fish fingers for the
kids table or the joke is did we were
thinking about you know Christmas
presents and all that kind of stuff and
want to do it I was in here planning out
my present you got plans plans what's
their lifestyle and what's what taps if
you got open on your computer system so
I'm just gonna really film my video for
my style that channel but my ass Anna
with you but I just wanted to let you
guys know that I know Jonathan has
already told you but I'm so excited
about what we're doing this year for
Christmas like so excited so super
stressed about what to get him because
we both have everything that we need
really and like we've had an amazing
year and a lot of it is thanks to you
guys so we really appreciate your
support and just you watching and
subscribing and commenting and liking
and favoriting and all the things that
you do Jonathan asked me you know to
make a list and like let him know what I
want for Christmas and I really just
couldn't come up with anything like of
course I would like a MacBook Pro to
edit my videos on so that my laptop
doesn't crash every single day but do I
really need it like is it a necessity
not really no not at all like I have a
laptop that works fine it's just a
little bit slow and then Jonathan's like
yeah we see I'd like a new car but you
know do I need it not really so it's not
like it's not really I don't know it's
just it's different this year so we just
don't feel like we need anything at all
and all the other like little things
we're getting from family members and
friends and stuff so it's not I don't
know it's just we don't really need
anything
so we don't married
and a lot happened and we were just
thinking about it and we were like okay
why don't we do something really
meaningful thoughtful homemade and that
will be a lot better because we can do
it like on a budget and we can show you
guys and take you guys along for the
ride and for the journey and you can be
a part of it so the thing that I decided
to do for Jonathan which I can't say on
this vlog but I can say it on tomorrow
so make sure to shoot in for tomorrow's
vlog and I know for you guys it's
Christmas Eve today but right now it's
the 23rd so we're gonna make everything
on the 24th which is Christmas Eve but I
have everything planned and you guys are
a huge part of Jonathan's present that
much I can say so I want you guys all to
go to my facebook look at what I posted
on there and participate because I know
how much he appreciates and loves you
guys so much and just like lives for you
guys like he just does so much he takes
all of your ideas into account all your
comments everything and I just I know
that he would want you to be a part of
this present so that's why I thought of
that and not gonna say what it is yet
but just go to my facebook okay
and do as I say alright um and if you
can't go to my facebook cuz it's full oh
god I didn't think about that oh yeah
you can't go to my facebook oh that's
well go to this Akoni Joey's like page
and I have to say anything goes to there
Jonathan's fan from those two pages for
the next 48 hours so that's why it's
gonna work it is gonna so right now I
have my green tea and oh I opened my
glossy box it was red it was so cool and
I got so much cool stuff in it so I
can't wait to show you guys on my
channel but right now I need to film but
it's family Friday and uh oh and where's
the light
it's family Friday and oh my god it's
dark in here dude my mom and it's
actually a little bit it's gonna be a
little bit bigger party tonight because
my mom's coming my two sisters and
monarch are coming and my grandmother's
so because she's here for the holiday so
it's gonna be on a little bit bigger of
a cloud and I hope I have enough food
because I checked and like I I'm doing
one of the Jamie's 30-minute meals Jamie
Oliver he's my secret lover I always
have done such a hard time at monza why
can't you be more like Jamie Oliver and
cook me meals whenever I want them but
because I would love with Johnson's
cooked more but it's okay then he
doesn't it's just like sometimes when
I'm reading hungry and I don't see like
cooks I'm like why don't you ever cook
cuz Jonathan doesn't really cook that's
okay I don't mind too much um so what
I'm gonna do is make this there's like a
salmon meal that he had and like I don't
eat fish but I got some falafels for me
yesterday so I'm gonna have them instead
and I hope there's enough fish because
it was so crappy and guns they were like
oh you can buy like Cod fill it the
tripe fill it's like all these different
fish Phillips you couldn't buy salmon
Phillips you could only buy salmon
Darwins I think they call them isn't
that crappy so yeah that kind of I kind
of annoyed me priceless trade still
there there's so much to do and I need
to buy full decisis job me five you may
feel um but yeah I have a lot of stuff
to do look at this mess oh my god it's
such a mess okay and my presents are
wrapped I think I might just not give
them to my mom and my family until
Christmas day because I want to see them
ransom
so maybe okay so I just put the salmon
in the oven
I put in some some falafels for me as
well so that's what it looks like right
there and then it smells very um spicy
yes me
there's chilies in there because if you
know anything that Jamie Oliver he loves
Chili Peppers and chimi and like spicy
stuff so he always has chilies and like
everything which I like too and then I
have the rice is boiling and now I'm
gonna set the table it's only like 10
power 6 and I think they're coming out
like 7 usually that's when they come so
I have a lot of time so I'm a bang on
edge whoa and look we put up our picture
from Fenny it's not so cute no much as
our kitchen because I kitchen is red
well let me explain this table because
we're lucky actually we have a big table
that can fit six people my mom is like
are you sure you want to have this
family Friday I'll understand it at all
just because I don't think I'm ever for
this many people before I know it's only
one extra but for some reason six people
it seems a lot scarier by its tennis but
I was like no no it's fine I'll just
follow the recipe and hope for the best
mMmmm holy crap holy Nene's you've
outdone yourself look at look at this
thing
oh my god this thing is a ginormous
chocolate yeah did you see the Sienese
what it's a ginormous profiterole or
something
Erik is sick Oh little Erik is sick
hmm okay
thanks um juices I like these peppers
are cool oh it's my lovely bathroom
well whisking sighs look what we got
right pesco six mince pies Juna max
couldn't can yeah we win thanks that's
go for the air free mince pie look at
this thing and it's so awesome that's
the best thing I've ever seen in my life
- wait what let's use lots of whiskey in
that I got out of the whisking a mess in
the whisking I think you just you just
break them off okay just one just like
oh no you don't wrap the whole thing
that's what happening let's go sobral
our German subscribers what is it highly
highly happening say good hgil IG HT is
the adjective
what that's how you know I'm good
I'll get this little thing in the way
here so you can see we got a new plenty
let's hope that Anna doesn't kill this
plant because you know what Anna's track
record is always like one two
you see this one all my at the earlier
dive is your best friend Bobby who's
your best friend
who's your best friend me Fame maybe
pain close to home our water oh my
so you can't so you can't put your
hammer so you can't
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Zaccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
