nice I have a very important message for
you this morning if you're in the
situation where you have two dogs like
this you've got an awesome in here this
is the best even in the entire world let
me get a stiffening I love you so much I
love you so much oh yeah Cena is not cam
there's no off switch right here it's
never off site three days for Christmas
that's highlighted here Oh or if you're
in Germany because you guys have
Christmas kind on the 24 what I prisoner
on paper but it is a student at Cross
you put a homeland over something
sticking a homeland on it boom it's a
German word that's how it works as what
she would say so um I'm thinking I'm
thinking I'm thinking I'm thinking fishy
fingers that's what i'm thinking i have
a craving for the fish fingers it's dark
inside guys how can it be dark outside
already I'm like another thing what is
the point of wintertime if it's not
going to snow answer me that ok keeping
one good reason why winter exists if it
is not going to snow I know love's
mirror I like yes no well I'm not one of
them I'm a saddle sup die in the Lord
with my head on the phone thinking of
you telepaths about what how can I do
I'm so connected to you all I love so
lost without you I can't be too late oh
goodness i am going to the Popo but mr.
popo that would normally go to you know
Liam the reason we have a pope all boxes
so we don't miss packages oh look
somebody sent a package to our actual
address well actually i think it was and
the broadband supply company novanet
worst is over network sir you guys are
in the cork area hook yourself up with
some Nova network internet providing
because they are awesome plus they also
do a phone system whatever happened to
go through slow calm here in Ireland you
might know it's slow come is slow commis
eircom and they're slow and there are
calm so they're kind of like slow calm
so ya know but Network hook us up with a
phone so now we can have a landline
because you have a landline the end up
using your mobile E and then the moberly
is expensive ba-ba-ba-ba
bah bah blah blah blah kick it up all
right i played a radio game
anyway
this is a wide range of music today my
gosh hello guys I think that maybe
you're for you
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh bah hi hi hi
how's it going at beauty huh there's
Emma kz ok I'm disco car disco car
straight as far as far as council disco
car i'm a disco car i'm hopping on the
phone and i'm going far and me just go
her stalker where the hell has the map
sent me this does not look right this is
matt look right at all my phone is
malfunctioned oh wait oh wait a second
the biggest open box in all the world
now where do I go where do I go hmm i
don't know if i want to go to the
assembly area resetti on that sounds
promising that sounds very promising wow
I'm like God for power steering unless I
just got home and I realized I forgot to
buy my fishy fingers having my adventure
to the biggest post office box in the
entire planet oh my god Cena is
attacking me she is attacking me oh my
god Tina okay I love you too I love and
miss you too sir I love miss you too but
seriously oh my god she's got mental
she's got mental vegetable soup Nina and
I got dumped on I don't evoke a plus two
years is awesome 4 1030 dog
now I need some hitter Brett Brown I
should be a pita bread seem to be any
let's get a bag of red stuff we go so I
have this new tactic okay this new plan
it's called don't wear lip gloss before
you eat something okay because the thing
is look at this such a mess yesterday's
lunch plate and then this is all
breakfast and then this is mighty four
now I really need to start taking things
again but um I always apply lip gloss in
the morning when I do my makeup and
everything and then I go to eat and that
all the crumbs that struck me right lips
and it's gross it's really disgusting
and then I have to just like blot it off
and it's just it's crummy it's basically
what it is literally we're just we've
just been very busy and ma um I can tell
you something is it that is not boring
that's going to happen and that is that
Christmas shopping is happening the day
after tomorrow so you guys are actually
gonna wait until have to wait until
Christmas day to see us Christmas
shopping what the hell is mother dreams
it's a cena light effect she doesn't
like being picked up so much i love
these a lot more comfortable with being
picked up like breakfast she likes
cuddles
so oh my god I smell fish fingers
Jonathan what came in the post why what
came in the post oh it was the adapter
device here now have a telephone cool
pretty awesome that's cool Jonathan has
this thing where when he opens a door or
a cupboard door he cannot you never
close them oh I came into the kitchen
you guys were asleep you guys are ahead
being put to bed every time you say
goodbye to the blog that's your bedtime
okay so you guys were asleep and I came
in here and no it was past her bedtime
so I open all of the cupboards because
this is what he does I come into the
kitchen right seriously I'm not even
joking I've come into the kitchen and I
know Jonathan's been in get out that's
helped ah I'm like okay so i opened
every single drawer and cupboard and
everything that I could possibly open
and left it there and we were in the
living room watching TV and then I asked
him to let the dog in because they were
like you be that side and he walked it
he was like but he knew instantly that
it was me and I was kind of like I was
so sad I was trying to make it into this
whole like what that wasn't me but I my
name is great face so I failed yeah but
anyway so you're gonna watch my nail
wrap tutorial oh my god I've got a 40
stick it in you I'm gonna make my soup
now but look this is my new I was just
telling them about my new um my new plan
tell me about the plan it's called don't
wear lipgloss before eating so after I
have my lunch I will apply my lip gloss
and then hopefully by the time dinner
comes around it'll have worn off my head
what about before you smoothed your
husband
I don't want you to miss fortune yes you
have Portugal you must fortune no I hope
you boys are gross why would you want to
kiss a boy I wish I everything dirty
right your girlfriend has really manly
had those packets matching that here
that's gross just what I have you for
lunch vegetable soup and bread I am a
weirdo and I always just drink break up
all the bread and put it in the soup so
you can actually see the veggie soup but
time handed for lunch then I have some
tea herbal tea that Jonathan made me
think Jewess is making are you making my
outro thing thank you that really
appreciates me like Susan whatever the
smell of a bakery or toast or something
isn't
No
maybe it's exhausting yeah if I means
exhaust I've confused Oh spitting lost
we are going to have a hunger video
December fun time here let's get five
pins haha it's so funny last time
because we were getting Charlie and it
was like GP for Charlie's wonder to
clear something up when you bring the
trolley back see you put the thing back
inside of it and you get your money back
at it man awesome that's it what's not
actually I came for a trolley look at
these guys right nothing mrs. apparently
you've got honey roasted peanuts biscuit
pieces and milk chocolate what do you
think you're not like I was saying like
wouldn't it be honestly we actually took
out the peanuts and you just had like
the biscuit and the Chocolate no but
then I think I would not be Hannah
pointless yo just always though hi I'm
going to murder my wife right now why
minute because I'm you're not fairly
nuts look that's what they consider God
seen it looks like arwen
Chris Rhea what we're doing here oh my
goodness they're all the dogs here so
crazy look at the wall pick one that's
you get the food out stuff from kids
you're collecting from tesco pesto dogs
each other how is it because your life
is over thank you Bob yeah oh my god
which ever like put on a few pounds the
only black ones I said why don't they
make a Christmas one you know like the
way like it's like lightning it's funny
I crispy exactly they're expandable no I
mean like if they had like Christmas
delicious or something you know it would
be kind of cool like I know the dogs in
there but I would care I think I'll be
awesome he would care for sure what is
this
deeply jacket and raspberry vanilla or
chocolate is loading them now just way
too many you're not wolves they look
good too they'll approach okay oh my
goodness oh my goodness
wait 595 somebody said for 499 maybe
that are roses 1 i'm gonna check that
out because sometimes even make comments
or false advertising okay
you know hello check check it yeah a
little bit hidden got 50 percentile yeah
up to 20 get one free 118 get it free
way better deal no one cares my calories
invito December you move 50 oh my god no
wonder everyone so let's see these guys
see this 84th sent everything's gone
with all the good stuffs gone I like
there's no deals going on here I'm nuts
that stuff we is we crossing that's a
ridiculous because like elves are
christmasing city should totally be on
offer no one in a downsides to eating
food is washing up but it's all done and
then you're asking like do we not have a
dishwasher nope we do not have a
dishwasher I'm the dishwasher but we
don't need a dishwasher because there's
only like two of us here and then the
dozens own use a lot of delft but we
have a strict regime of never ever go to
bed and leave it without washing up
because then tomorrow morning you feel
like crap when you come down but it's
all done now and I am going to enjoy
this I got this in shop I never really
been a big drinking chocolate person but
look at his Belgian chocolate it's full
of promise it's like super awesome and
you guys have these options I was
looking at the menu one as well I was
like boom ain t options I was like on
too many options in my heart Oh guys
look at this but she we close the doors
they're not weird nor close the doors
before but I wanted to keep them in
there for the moment why not when I was
vacuuming in here otherwise they'd be
all upset wasn't that kind of weird at
the doors closed but am yeah also look
at the size of this bottle of Listerine
it's a leader it's not mental massive
this one a nigga cuz I don't like to
drink milk um I love that but I don't
mara passed away from Ontario chocolate
superior I know I said a lot of dairy
okay I don't drink me uploading my
cheese and yes I've noticed Jesus would
you stop confidently everything I say
all right boiling the kettle going to
make a nice hot how much how much more
cup tea is no this is pretty awesome um
hope you guys have an awesome rest of
today and you know what I'll see you
guys tomorrow and you know what just a
brand new intro is a brand new angel I'm
have to start check it out hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
