sapporo mama star lives laptop it's
kaput so we're gonna go and get her a
new one just what good people do isn't
it well you're gonna mine the house
right you're gonna mind the house -
you're gonna might know you can come she
can come okay guys my nose mine the
house that's your reward for my new
house only eat it upon minding of the
house you can't just eat that
willy-nilly mm-hmm whoo nice Holly nice
touch here minding my own affair driving
on the road and you know when you just
realize guys well I've kind of realized
this before but I just I realized it all
the time my wife is super hot
oh yeah hi there's no denying it you can
deny it if you wish but I seriously
think you need to consider your options
this or this I don't know why there's a
dis involved but Duckling they're so
pretty
obviously is because I'm super ready to
do they don't flood the Commons with
Jobos are so hot because you know it'll
be like oh you're just spamming me you
know you wanna that sometimes happens
when your vacuum you know to be aware
yes what you need you need a two minute
team you need a two-man team known for
person just to watch your front side
channel on come on guys let's go for one
whoa that's kind of freaky those doors
open I want a PC wearable for as am the
phone tracker would say oh you guys
watch porn Jagger are you going on color
related are you looking at the color
someone's going based on college like
this one it's kind of light up what you
see telescope is your warranty and after
parents
yeah that's probably why what the hell
is no yeah HP's good is our laptop
they're decided to go with a blue one
and see so I know was saying that she
was gonna find this thing for Christmas
any of you guys actually have this or
have any of you guys actually given your
husband or boyfriend one of these things
but look there's different types ones
right it's a jet one then there's the
rocket air the pilot games movies music
if you have one of these things leave me
a comment goes because I heard they're
awesome but no no
the kind of cooler 100 your else today
is today is the shortest day of the year
so is this gonna be the shortest vlog of
the year we should probably get one of
these shovels you know for when the snow
comes in maybe the snow tires just you
know when the snow comes you see it's no
purpose yeah I know I know what you can
get me from Christmas Hannah addy Ward
it's 18 valve 1.8 Nick on par this
that's a good stocking filler that's
what manly men get for Christmas two
beds like if you had like a split
personality see we need to go on for
Cena because I'll be husband we all have
one except for Cena and we can't let
poor little Cena well it's a snowman or
is Andy right
yeah so men are Asante yeah probably
like Xena so we're like fancy yeah yeah
she's kind of a super fancy one are they
kind of fancy at all okay jealous no
maybe I should think that one do you
guys remember what we did last year with
the swapping of the cameras so what were
suggesting this year is the same thing
again
I said Anna is gonna go and completely
see we waitress we went boat went to
mountain point last year and we did
split peas and then she went I think
before was definite actually and then
when splitsies with the cameras this
time we're gonna split the whole day
right in the morning we're gonna do
Christmas Eve that way I will edit the
vlog on Christmas Day but I will be
editing the vlog after we do the
presents in the morning so that way I
won't know wrong know otherwise if we do
it any day before that when I added the
footage I'll know straightaway what
everything is so I think it's like an
awesome thing to do for the whole day
we're gonna go off and we're gonna turn
you can Anna will walk with one camera
I'll go off with the other camera and
then I'll interest lies all the footage
together on Christmas Day yeah I gotta
work on Christmas Day cuz that's the joy
it's the kind of job it is guys what am
what do you think and if you have any
ideas that you think ladies would like
leave some comments and if you have any
ideas I'm just gonna hop out and here
because if you have any ideas what to
get a gentleman because of guys I don't
know what I want
do you know what I want no no okay guys
so our stockings are up it actually
looks really cute we so need a picture
there I was this close to buying a frame
and Jonathan's I know that one's fake no
so we're never gonna get it in other
words is what I'm saying yeah that would
have fit no in a bit way him you do not
exactly we need to measure this out
measure it remember right now right now
it's never gonna be done that voice I've
imagined taping
of course it don't this is you'll make
it all weird it's a really nice picture
don't you think that would look amazing
they're amazing because I don't want to
play with a frame on it it'll look nice
there was a nice big frame I take advice
from me I'm the woman okay anyways oh I
don't want to put the cheat neither of
us want to put the TV on here because
number one it's too high will be like
this you know we'll be watching TV or
whatever and be like uh-huh and then how
do you guys and then oh my god
number two I don't really neither of us
really like the idea of the TV being the
focal point of the room of fireplaces
you know you want you don't want your
life to be centered around TV oh look
they've they've seen them do you see
your stockings gonna fill them with
goodies
yes oh don't even yeah she can get up
there anyways can you guys guess who who
is it - who's who yes you're getting
tweet shows in there I know it's gonna
be amazing
alright so can you guys guess who all
right so this one is Jonathan's and
Santa Claus
this one is my one the snowmen this is
alby's the reindeer and Cena's is this a
new one you know this fancy this is
super fancy yeah I just got a little
snowflake a cute little nose that comes
out a heart and lots of flake designs
and so it's kind of obvious we got hers
later but they're all the same fabric so
and look Xena and I are the two girls we
both got snowmen who's that with you
remembers oh yeah he's like hey Jimmy's
on with treats I remember correctly from
last year
yes you could imply stalking you have to
wait oh Christmas all be okay she's
using noise oh my god what have we done
you should wait for Christmas guys so
I'm helping Jonathan with his new video
that's gonna be up on the Jonathan Joey
channel so check that everything is all
knowing Jonathan the pony will be up um
because he's such a like he's so driven
he's always like trying to get
everything off like straight away after
we make it was like no no delay so
that's it oh I need scissors as well oh
the little girl and the little boy is it
hmm
okay so we're cutting these instruments
out which I have drawn so amazingly
okay it's sufficiently crumpled that's
totally uh - and that's a wrap
oh my goodness I am so hot I am sweating
like a crazy person like my jo fats oh
my goodness the elbow from Jory sick the
second eagerness that's very calm
available now free shipping until the
31st of December oh I am hot to trot
right let's get to the editing process
Oh
crucible I think it could be a slight
problem with this so what I'm thinking
of doing is because it's still bright
outside as a backup I think I might
rerecord it in the garden just as a
backup because I just think that I don't
know it's not like a hundred percent I
think there's a problem with it so this
way I think yeah it would work a lot
better
sure Chuck okay let me try something
else I just finished cleaning all of the
bathrooms right and next thing I come in
here and Jonathan filming his video and
because we're not very diligent um
picking up after I'll be in Sina in the
garden because you know when they poop
and everything which I believe it it
should be a man's job because it's one
of those girls on but anyway I just
finished cleaning in the bathroom
your mom thanks man
hey we have a relationship we have a
bond anyway so yep I just came in here I
had just cleaned like all the bathrooms
and I have mopped in here and everything
I come in there's poo like dragged
through the floor through the house
through the kitchen I was like so angry
Oh
what did you do and then Jonathan and it
was really nice and he mocked it all up
so home on everything and it's all fine
now but I think it's kind of a lesson
learned we should probably you know the
poof
I do any of you guys have like a method
of wrapping presents I'm just curious to
know if I'm the only person who does
this which I'm sure I'm not and I'm not
even I don't consider myself to be like
the world's champion present rapper or
anything like that but I like doing it
for some reason I think it's one of
those things that either you like or you
hate because my mom used to always get
me to do it for like crap like Santa
presents and just any kind of presents
that like we're from her or provided
there weren't obviously mine would you
always get me to do it because she hates
it so I have this process I'm gonna
sitting here in my room and I'm wrapping
all my family's presents this is my
grandmother's present my almost present
and I just kind of have this method so
like first I'll graph it you know then
I'll take some ribbon and or yeah would
you call that ribbon or string ribbon I
think so then I tie the ribbon and then
I do the little Troy Lee thing with the
scissors and then my last step is a bow
I always have to put a bow on because I
always think they look so much more
exciting with a bow on for some reason
so here's my bow
and I'm gonna stick it right in the
middle there and then see how it looks
nice cuz the little thingies are coming
in there I don't know we left just me
like do any of you guys have this same
like routine when when they wrap
presents I'm curious to know or what's
your wrapping method or do you have any
good tips for us oh it's crazy it feels
like February or March or something not
like December 21st 21st yeah it's like 2
1 1 2 1 0 2 2 1 what what the 21st into
12 2011 that's a lot of twos and ones
you actually have a massive twig are you
chewing on that are you bringing out
with you she's got a stick you know it
you know what this one is then
I was dialing yo home dog thing so we're
putting that up there and then I'm gonna
shoot my Christmas decorations video yay
I can't wait cuz I'm gonna show
everybody on my channel cuz I know not
everybody who watches my channel watches
this channel
vice versa so I'm going to show
everybody how we decorated for Christmas
god it looks really cool Oh Christmas
time or Christmas so cool
I love it I love it a lot oh my god it's
so Christmassy hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation just click
that yellow button it if you're the kind
of person that likes to uh likes a bit
of computer game he's also get to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are
lady or a gentleman that liked to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out Ana's install that channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out at Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
Ciccone
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page can also go to our friend
pages well until our friend page is
still up because of course Facebook
society section to be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos not see you guys tomorrow
