I ordered pizza last night you know what
that means I'm having today for
breakfast you got it
second a pizza oh my god it's the most
amazing thing in the world it's even
better than the first thing you get it I
don't know what how maybe you should
just cook all their pizzas right then
the next day it's better and then you
sell them like you know any by wine and
it's like mature for your palate maybe
have to day should do with pizza to
revolutionize an industry and of course
the ever healthy get yourself oranges
and yogurts and stuff for kept I forget
your oranges and yogurt I'm having some
pizza which is gonna be amazing which I
decided this is one musical thing this
time just used up this device see here
it's a Pro Tools device see did you
design that's what you may call the
music with it's awesome so some of you
guys are probably gonna get deja vu
right here because I'm making lunch and
you might say why are you making lunch
at the middle of the night Anna because
it's frickin dark outside
well that's because I could start here
at like 3 o'clock seriously I try to
filming at like 3:00 and it was dark so
I had to put on the big studio lights
and everything which actually probably
made
they look better anyways but you know
what I mean it's just kind of annoying
so I just finished filming and it's kind
of late now what I didn't have anything
so I'm having my lunch now and then
we're just gonna have a late dinner I
guess but I'm having the exact same as
yesterday guys so this is why you might
have a case of deja vu because I'm
making halloumi red onion cucumber
tomato subway oh yeah so I made a video
on Christmas outfits for your body
shapes and everything like that and I'm
pretty happy with it I thought that um
seriously I'm Charlotte Jonathan fix the
sofa okay it's all sound like supposed
to be fair Oh Jonathan anyway so I yeah
I'm pretty happy with that I think it'll
be it would be a good one it's very
positive message and everything like
that which I'm happy with my bulb just
freakin burst or whatever you thought
not burst flu isn't it flu
yeah yeah my bug blue so what we have
another one don't I know you used your
genuine here oh wait a second yes but
see smart thinking um so yeah my Burt
Mike with my bird
my bird is but um I was great I was kind
of upset because I don't know the last
yeah oh my god it's way bro wonder
what's yeah a brighter than before whoa
I need to get a new lampshade it's kind
of boring once there you go miss the
studio man you may have your
professional light back Oh God
for your information okay this is a
halogen light that I use for my videos
and Jonathan uses it for his videos as
well because we like to share turned out
pretty nice don't you think
and then um I'm gonna get to work
because otherwise I will get nothing
done
you guys all day which although it's fun
you can waste my tights oh great
Cecille yeah s tread on the block just
ask me a question of Facebook and I
answered it without even thinking about
it and then afterwards I thought that's
like she are really good sort of not
answer but I don't know I just said you
know you just kind of say something and
then it's like where is it since the
question here Oh Michael Michael Michael
are you ever gonna finish a media game I
miss watching you play because people
said it's me all the times like oh you
know are you gonna play or eating more
gameplay and stuff and what I said was
that I might do it on like a live stream
or something but it's probably not gonna
do it on YouTube because I do think that
YouTube is oversaturated or over
subscribe to like video game playing if
you make video game play that's
completely fine but I feel that like I
don't bring anything new or creative or
unique to the video game community and
therefore I don't think I'm going to
continue to participate in the community
because I just don't think that it's
unique enough it's is it's creative
enough for me because I'm just kind of
like doing the same thing everyone else
is doing that's a hosta you guys watch
when I watch the unit but now I'm doing
all these like creative videos and
stop-motion animation
digital stuff because I feel like I can
bring some it's not oversubscribed or
saturated yeah like there's still is
room for some really good creative
content to grow and explore the sort of
in traverse of the universe of interwebs
the old downsize to an a nice tasty warm
fire is having to clean it out all the
time wouldn't be cool if that putting
like you know this like cleans itself or
something that would be amazing
what do you think Christmas tree Oh
all righty now you look at your hands so
dirty when you do this because of all
the ash that's the stuff for October
guys it's the stuff they're all looking
for all right give it a scoop let's go
Cooper scoops scoops gives a few scoops
we just place the scooping in there and
pretty much just repeat the process like
50 million times job is Mac doneness as
you can tell nice but sometimes if you
want to take it a little bit further
make the extra effort
using an assignment Alby Cena sucks for
a little line one line she's like a
little lion with a little line playing
mad mm-hmm
I clean that the fire oh yeah so we can
never fire again tonight nothing after
two goes it gets a bit stinky old boy
she does you better go and get that get
the gold go go get that means what's the
story bow the Mauri wouldn't you like to
know
make it here so cute the world I mean
you're not wait you're leaving - don't
leave us we love you you get you go go
in this okay - eating a foot is a foot
either a feeder oh happy you're saying a
foot a foot eater that's going insane is
how Peter saying we've got no ketchup
which is probably like the worst thing
in the world but you could have a red
sauce got red sauce or ketchup
what catsup get up ketchup ketchup gets
up so oh I need to go get some I don't
know about you but I just cannot eat
chips
mm or Browns us hmm get around sauce
don't you choose that you have brown
mouse person or a catch a person I'm a
catch a person absolutely little
something for afterwards little
something tasty oh look where the focus
I didn't mean to find them were damn
that's awesome when that happens he just
see things just remember me remember
nice that's me very liquid just remember
okay does anybody know what Straub's are
these things here wild fool kind of
weird like I think better than the fire
lighter things that we're using at the
moment I don't have straws oh this could
be a good team or it could be a bad
thing but there's a new restaurant look
opening on Wednesday at 4:00 p.m. that
could be a really good thing but I could
be really bad thing because it's a bit
too close and convenient and tasty
I have a plan look if I run up all those
steps that'll be enough I think I'm
gonna do my Christmas review right now
what is going on here no that's mine
no that's mine Xena see that you let
that go you let that go write this
instead
Xena Xena you let that sit give me give
me
becquer where are you going to wait give
me back sitting over there my fingers
your money builders yeah may I have my
filters please may I have my filters
please please may I have my filters may
have my builders please well Xena give
me this give me this give me this
Oh give me give me give me give me
you know stay nice and calm stay nice
and calm I think you have something that
belongs to me
okay think you have something that
belongs to me
may I please have this oh my gosh mental
filters like Cheetos are over okay now I
was a I'm going to do my Christmas candy
review so I love minty chocolate oh and
I don't know if you like minty chocolate
oh but my options were Tesco mint which
is kind of like after AIT's a cheapo
after eight for the quality Street
matchmakers cruel mint which are pretty
awesome too
it's a snap makers want you snap them
anyway they're the same price don't
waste your money on these go straight
for the Koala Street matchmakers and
that's why Christmas that's like
Christmas information do you want to go
outside she's crazy she's my craziness
okay I want to do is refill our sponge
do you guys have one of these spongy
things they're awesome you just put the
fairy liquid or whatever you call it the
cleaning stuff into the spongy thing you
fill it up right look at this basically
you just get the fairy liquid and the
thingy and then you just put them
together and just kind of squeeze it in
see you just kind of like squeeze it in
be careful then see it's completely full
so when you wash your stuff it's like
very liquid comes out of it it's not
amazing it's an amazing device I love
this I'll never go back to traditional
old school you guys treat our you
traditional old schoolers or do you have
the new schoolers like that are you like
totally cool like me you probably are
and to keep the Vito Christmas spirit
alive holy crap
oh you see fruit and veg give him a
fight of the day like a boring my boring
Steen over here mmm I met healthy happy
person are you a healthy happy person
somebody has to be a healthy happy
person leave a comment below if you're a
healthy happy person that's all like be
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
ah and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just kick that yellow button
it if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer game
he's also get to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like you
start us at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the stolid channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out I act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
Anna ciccone we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where is
it's a community page you'll also go to
our friend pages well until our friend
page still up because of course Facebook
society section to be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos enough see you guys tomorrow
