the old fridges making a little add
chickens is all the mischief I hear some
mischief I hear some mischief you being
mischievous
oh my monkey
they're supposed to be like that and if
you're watching this sorry about burning
your pot love you what's going on what's
going on what's going on here crazy
comply with me kitchen you could be in
any band right like I'm not me talking
about back in there like oh just be like
Nirvana or something like that but then
I suppose badly broken up oh maybe I
maybe I did maybe I set up two fighters
but I'm talking about like right now you
know not like you know it's like I keep
you in please man you know right right
now I think I even because I'm really
just I don't know
because the sky like in Ireland right if
you an are you probably know Christy
Morris and I really like Christy more
because he wasn't just like sing songs
you kind of like tell stories I don't
like I like the storytelling sort of
that music you know and I really liked
about Tenacious D on their live show is
that it's always like a story or
something like you know you always like
you know kind of you're curious open a
night and you say rather than just like
singing your song I do enjoy obviously
like this thing he sounds tough as well
but I know just something really like
that kind of stuff father I like that's
that's what I rage cage
I just am I think I'm just heart monk
ulis I just stole your place but and if
you know what I'm talking about
that's okay that's okay that is
perfectly acceptable but em leave me
some commenters if you do have if you
could be in any band right now what band
would that be now take it like it has to
be like right now like where they are
right now it can't be like oh I don't be
like Backstreet Boy backstreet's back
alright but you can't be in them because
they're broken up let's tie with that
one today
give me some commenters while I eat my
soup which is slightly burned so I woke
up this morning to some really sad news
basically friends of ours Simon J that
they had their own daily vlog have left
the internet completely because of cyber
bullying and hate like hate messages and
I hope they just spend Christmas with
the people that they love and that love
them that's my only wish I hope I wish
that for everybody I wish that for for
myself pushed up for you guys watching
right now
think about what's important if you want
to leave it and asked to comment just
think about it before you do it like
it's gonna affect somebody's day or it's
gonna affect somebody's confidence or
heart or whatever and it's it's not nice
I wonder would no snow for jumpin so I'm
trying something new today I thought I
would do a salami sandwich and I'm gonna
have it raw enjoy fresh grillak yeah
okay look like wait a second it's not
really can you eat it wrong did I get
that wrong yeah
so I'm gonna have it raw I'm gonna see
what it's like I know they're very salty
which I like salty things though but
sometimes I think I'm gonna put it with
some Tomatoes red pepper and I don't
think if I have anything else and I'm
gonna put it in this bread this is quite
nice bread um I'm not sure what else
should I put in it any tips maybe you
can make me tips and then Oh cucumber
cucum right that's a lot was anybody
gonna say cucumber I don't know okay so
if you can think of anything else even
in the comments below but I think this
is gonna work okay I'm just gonna work
so let's make this sandwich
I hate cotton I hate cotton that's why
you don't run with coffee cups in your
hand folks this is what happens the
spillage why didn't you drink it what
review not sponsored or anything but
seriously guys inhale the stain pick
your lights is actually dubai vanish up
see action perspiration works does weave
use it on anything anything and it
always connected it's amazing so if you
are from opsi thingy you want to send us
a shipment cause let's be honest we
spill a lot of things come on let's go
let's go into walkies
let's all go on a walk even
mother-effing world
come on what do you do let's go
Eric and over here they came to say
hello and now they must go no I'll be
I'll be white I don't think that's right
way that's the adventure
don't be an adventure what no no no no
everyone remain cam but one of the
things I like about Christmas marks is
that you can actually see everybody's
houses look at the city you guys see the
city there's not really good can see a
city of his lights on you put up like
Christmas lights in your house if you
put up like Santa Clauses and snowman's
and stuff snowman's snowman's
can you have snowman's what what is a
group of snowmen together cause I didn't
remember in school like a flock of geese
these yeah yeah you did actually do a
better outline in these guys you can see
this bit on the top one you can see a
bit of scruffing they didn't get any
scruffing we should go over and cushy
call in to them now and tell them do
your safe cross-code look left look
right
oh it was about to go oh
and craw we're pretending as a zebra
crossing even though it is not know
we've decided it's going to be a zebra
crossing now let's go want to complain
to these people it's magic it's a kind
of magic one dream one goal one fries
one move I was thinking about Christmas
cake when I was singing that look at
that slice of Christmas Kaka millage mm
nah baby it's cold outside for me with
some green tea and citrus keeps your
troubles away
a cupcake a day but the little thing
fell off oh wow the boiling water they
supporting water into the cup tasty
boiling water now I always put more hot
water in Anna because he tends to forget
about hers and drinkers later where I'd
like to add a bit of cold water to mine
cuz I remember oh I do and were
remembering man what are you doing in
here what are you doing huh welcome with
the Sigma I was just reading comments
from today's blog cuz it just went up a
while ago and um somebody said wrote
this comment right it was HMS to 102
so if you're watching this is your
comment it made us laugh like good like
five minutes okay she said or he I don't
know you'd be surprised the number of
people who try and by about tenten's
roses in quality Street and we have to
deny them and it's like the end of the
world for them laughing I read it aloud
to Jonathan and we both just like we're
in tears oh my laughter oh my god that
is so funny your comment like made my
day
you know like what do you mean I can't
have my morning for but like each one of
them is a kilogram a kilo four kilos of
chocolate this is not people you just go
in and end shopping buy a bike go ahead
to your car put them in your car go back
in get it on the floor go to a different
tale do you remember when we lived in
donkey and there was a storm coming we
got like a storm warning went to just
happen to go to done Serrano is Tesco
that day and there were people there
like literally like just scooping stuff
off the counters like one of his things
like butter and like flour and sugar and
eggs like things that you know like
survival basics it was so funny and
people were just like clearing out the
shops like oh my god you know and then
it turned out it was like a little
blizzard it was like nothing a little
worried of snow that was it it's like
the first or second not the first he's
like that Turner for the flute video I
look Irish storm warning or something
like that
and that's when it was like yeah I know
you have I thought it was so funny
people are just like overreact to so
many slightly but thank you for your
comment it really made me laugh more not
more comments like that please yeah can
you be funnier in your comments okay
what are my intake challenge who can
leave the funniest comment by this blood
it has to be something related to your
body can't be like knock knock who's
there doctor doctor who it has to be
something like that way okay also leave
some funny jokes in the guns okay some
jokes then tomorrow
entertain goes for a change yeah yeah
and then tomorrow we'll I will have a
good time is enough
should I cook a fresh and healthy
vegetable supreme dinner or and now the
end is near I face my final battle my
friends I've said it clear no vlog ADIZ
ending but I'll see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
click that yellow button it if you're
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer game he's also
get to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like be stylish
at all times don't forget to check out
anna's install the channel if you want
to keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out I act Jonathan
Joe
and of course follow at aniseh pony we
also have a Facebook page where you can
post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
