like my friends hello Wally Wally
starburst is waiting on the uploading Z
because the YouTube share which I really
like to watch or I really like to use
and sometimes is really work and then I
use the yesterday cuz we were Dublin and
it worked when I was like nice because I
like using Schecter because that means
that I can any video or uploader and
leave on a shed roof means that exactly
6 GMT but you think this like 10 East
Coast time and this video goes live at
the same time every single day because
she's already watching Joe's it's always
on the same time every single day so I'd
like you mind always mind the same time
every single day but sometimes a jeweler
doesn't exactly work the way you want to
do but now it does so
so OMA and grossa
OMA are coming over yo the Cena has
never met her grandmother before isn't
that crazy
oh my god who is coming over today
is it your OMA and your great oh I think
in German it's or OMA wore off I think
it is or or gross motor or something
oh I don't know I never had one I never
had a great what is it in this value
bees not enough I think these no not
I've never had one so I never never used
those terms you know her pretty sure all
of our deutsches sprechen zie you guys
like your bank don't you buying couple
of OG banks can I leave it in the
doobly-do and let us know yes what's the
proper pronunciation I'm looking at the
window cuz I'm walking I don't know I
hold my legs walking she does she fell
yesterday don't rile up your daughter
you little half there are these pairs on
my end
Oh guys look okay sing about so I got
from d'oeuvre oh they'll air I think
it's just OMA and OMA I don't think
there's any children involved any and
hey that is an important document
Jonathan Jolie don't even mention it I'm
just jumping push that
oh my god I'm so freezing God and
himself freaking hungry but there's no
food in the house because yesterday so
we didn't buy anything so I must travel
and get food I got some moving I have
enough fingers it's so long I'm not
anything breaded in so long to be honest
but I decided it's so freakin cool and
of course Vito went seeking out whatever
I want I think of this waste it is in
there and sent me down with a good
roasted almond or or almost together
evidently she knew and Anna doesn't like
the Christmas cake which I'm totally
awesome because that means it's more for
me that's for her sharing is caring
but having Roland yourself well that's
better
hmm Oh Matt's homey older me too I got
you soon after some soup du jour
it was a handmade fresh vegetable soup
fresh vegetable from farmers choice whoo
Oh Nike I went with the delicacy the
fish listen girl from the freshest fish
fingers well that you don't eat all
catch fish fingers so this is pretty
good I'm slightly busy at the moment
we're making this and of course living
my life
haha
all of them what do you mean all of them
I mean you're gonna climb atop me again
me okay that's not gonna work we need to
not have to hold this we need to put
this on a tripod what are you guys needs
to come by and hold that breath okay
that's gonna head out
you can just follow it around Oh
someone's gonna get the toys this is so
cute guys like she actually picks the
toy thank you
like she'd choose one she brings to
choose the toy then she brings into the
room play with it that's it I don't care
what anyone says I'm throwing caution to
the wind we are putting the heating to
on oh it was at the clock Oh God and
I've gotten broken a thing he was that
the clock we've just said at our little
munchkins right let's play BB station
maybe this slab over here oh Christmas
tree oh Christmas tree oh my god guys I
had every intention of cooking tonight
every intention and then my mom was like
do you want to go over to my house for
dinner we haven't been to their house
for dinner Dan like ages so I was gonna
make chili cuz we liked it last time
Java's liked it last time so last week
was like my practice week where I'd like
you know practice a few meals see what
Jonathan liked and why you didn't like
see what I like you didn't like pretty
much like to everything because I just
like food in general so whatever but
yeah everything was pretty nice except
for Jonathan didn't like the broccoli so
obviously I'm gonna have to make
something else instead of broccoli but
um now we kind of know so that was
practice week and now this week I know
from last week kind of what we liked cuz
I was saying to guys that I was trying
to make an effort to do more cooking and
everything that was like my goal so now
that I've done that I know what people
like and what they don't and what kind
of works for us and what doesn't so I'm
gonna try I have like a few ones that I
know that Jonathan really likes I'm
gonna make them and probably make them
like weekly things and Jonathan has had
this doughnut this one right here
since yesterday yeah you got in the
petrol station I did I didn't need it
it's just wish you don't know but you're
just like you have it there and you
won't even need it your pet Antron 9%
come on little rendering come on little
render it's not focusing happen whenever
I want it to go micro it doesn't go
macro and then when I don't want it to
focus like I don't want to talk macro I
go back why answer me that question who
would like to go to Oma's house
Tuomas house Tuomas house who would like
to go to Ouma's house on a Sunday Sunday
night who has go to all my house who
wants to go to
Sunday afternoon right let's put on the
layers get a lair up guys because it is
cruising time oh look guys it supports
on their Advent before time those are
all it now oh what actually just quite a
lot of candles been lit here today we're
all having a spoonful of parmesan for
dinner today huh
you excited for your spoonful of
parmesan oh nice nice moves
oh nice like it looks like you look like
a cyclist that's what I think I'm lucky
chase you be stylin oh my goodness no
you know it's not our thing what are you
what do you win what did you bring down
her smell like Benji you got painted a
sniff thank you 16 I was turned away
they are in my house in my room when
she's at my feet yes Benji Benji shoes
oh look he's giving it a snip a G's
almost that how do you put your parmesan
on your food I did the shovel you see
the effect I go for it's more of a
shoveling lunge and I sort of sprinkle
it slightly more of a shovel or myself
have you put your promise among your
pasta No
you know we've only got a two we don't
have a one and the thing only takes ones
this Christmas tree look so we're gonna
have to get a basket
fools hmm really want this will never
work
they don't look actually like massive
presence that we can totally be got
those presence
I think Anna is actually gone and scored
us euro so we uh good job going a little
one so this one this one looks nice I
feeling this one this is the 30-minute
meal one I look kind of crazy to go but
look kind of great it's Sunday night
shopping people what do you expect yeah
how much sweets and can and treat can I
consume during my video and that is the
challenge
who's with me on it who's with me
oh my god cumin matchmakers 1:34 they're
so good they're so good that dark
chocolate mint with a slight crunch
would you like to try a biscuit this
side before you buy maybe they're
cheaper maybe they're individually sells
very wanted just quickly to check out
what one hey hey why did you do that
lady he works here Oh Lizzy
do you know him you like your friend you
know how you live in a society where we
might miss like over eaters you saying
it says maximum for my customer quality
three boxes four of them charlie just
swing it down why is it weird it's pecan
Oh red is oh wait oh nice nice lights
nice lytic pads village
you have any idea where you're going
we put over there hey we're 20 guns it
where you going
my trick guys right a little bit of
information for you okay if you want to
buy loads and loads of sweets and you
want to be a fatso and you don't want to
be judged better because you're like hey
yo Christmas Vito Java says it's okay to
eat loads of sweets and cakes and teach
your own Christmas don't worry about it
when you do right guys you're piling all
the crap onto your trolley right you
just say oh honey how many people are
coming to the big party we're having all
right do the kids like these that's what
few and you've got kids you can like
totally blame them for everything you
know like pile on all the sweets I mean
I have to check out you can be just like
you know they'd be like God Ali's future
by like kids got a sweet tooth you know
kids have their uses hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation you just kick that
yellow button if you'd be the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer game he's also get to check out
my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that like to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's
dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out I act Jonathan Joe
and of course follow at Anna ciccone we
also have a Facebook page where you can
post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of our essays for
society that should only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
