this is not snow this is horrible what
the hell man
tommy was supposed to snow for jovis no
rain for Jabba's so this is sucks a big
cloud came in and I was like oh maybe
it's a cloud full of snow cuz there was
snow this morning when we woke up Wow
barely any snow but there was some sort
of a snow foot situation it just melted
away and now wait a second oh my god
wait a second
look at those drops the way they're
dropping anyway those dip drops are
dropping
they're kind of Inbetweeners they do
have some moist tendencies they have
they went to snow they want the snow but
they just they don't they're not sure
about it look the way you can tell by
the way to hit I don't know if you can
actually see that well kinda
you guys see the way they wayne hits the
window where do we stop here right look
at the way the rain is hitting it
they're big they are
yeah and that's got the tendency to snow
we got so many Christmas cards and
things so we got this one box and it
says please open on a vlogs happy
Christmas and it comes from James
McCarthy FNC Jamie and he wrote snow for
jovis and this is her card look guys she
made it herself
happy Christmas and a Happy New Year
isn't that so cute and it's a
gingerbread house that looks so cool
and then it's from Sarah in knees no an
Irish subscriber and then she also went
on there's more she sent us this little
thingy is not so cute it's like sparkly
did she make the cat the house I don't
know did you make the house I don't know
if it's a photograph or it's from a card
but it's really cool and then we have
another box to open but we're gonna open
that one of our t-shirts arrived and
joke t-shirt so cool dice I really want
one - I didn't get one - me
I asked about morning when I was
ordering them
blue navy blue the petroleum is no Liam
how cool is that
it's really it feels nice look at its
slushy it's getting guys getting like
your slushy and stuff without my turn
into snow you could still have a snow
poor joke the situation at the moment
it's not all my I can make them very see
anymore
holy crap holy yeah pulling together
oh my goodness you guys even see
couple
oh my God look how heavy it is now look
look look oh goodness guys look I'll
pull back here so you can see it more
look
there's definite Snooki actual snow look
it's no snowing it's just it's flushing
experiment we'll turn them off for a
minute
that's definitely it's like wet snow but
just definitely snow fist oh my goodness
guys it's snowing it's snowing everyone
else buddy sitting there I got like no
like a window it's no so much guys and
we can't go to Dublin tomorrow this is
not a pleasant situation this is not a
pleasant situation no I wouldn't mind if
it's no good stuff guys bye - you get a
turn free that's really good
vanaf and this other stuff up the skinny
suit
time to make this gimme of you drink it
Oh send sunny Chi chicken is the
sunshine of fusion stupid era spinach
and Thai spices so being that it's a
family fighting again today guys and
this time actually doing it on Friday so
honest what are you making today mac and
cheese is just like the posh mac and
cheese dough mozzarella cheese
gorgonzola at the funny name
gorgonzola hallucinogens like a filament
more important Zola gorgonzola and
Lancer
you know we should ask okay so what the
heck
come outside its back there could be a
snowstorm and look at the Sun the Sun
that's what the heck it's nice I ordered
snow we got guys forgot somehow me yum
yum the cheese you grill we got some
gorgonzola and mozzarella and parmesan
not sittin up here we got some cheddar
looking at cheese's we got some more
cheese well it's kind of cheesy and then
some and some apple juice some paprika
which is annoying that they don't sell
it in like the normal one so it's not
gonna go with the rest of them so why to
see this here free nice crazy O's and
some yogurts
yeah because guess what guys what I know
what I'm doing there what my video told
me and I think these yogurts right here
are not vegetarian is not so weird
and so and I'm not doing my vegan
because obviously it's not vegan it's
dairy but it's not vegetarian it's got
like some kind of Adam would you what he
wants his present he thinks every time
we go ahead the petroleum as an earlier
and alter this one there's a corny Joel
is what to call your own
name it is Spreadshirt that's it Ciccone
Jolie's dot Spreadshirt com.com so call
me Julius dr. Joffe is an Anna please
open in the vlog that would make my day
where do you open it
where do you where do you open it let's
go open it I like we did your era with
the little thing here I key are you hard
on me just check from dirty girl
what a Beatty from Kenny am i destroying
your action I'm really sorry about that
is it this cottage isn't it hey Kenny
hey you okay mommy this oh my god
oh my god my door will read that will do
that off camera oh oh
are these oh my god what oh my god did
you just tell oh my god guys we were
just just got a haircut so she's she's
shivering all right you too mom in
majula given you we do up here to live
with him yeah I know
look I could have heard last night guys
I did she's full of Matt so I actually
like shaving really really tight so
she's back she's almost no hair left
what absolutely done no a little bit
bigger just perfect healthy come on give
me a little push shows that my god it's
okay okay don't you love it ah all right
I read the actual note right and
actually says and it's from Ferrero
Rocher mr. happy socks and candy canes
are for me and Anna gets the high priest
chocolate decorations we'll see about
that
and this door sign in the candy canes
this is so awesome
oh my god is a d'oeuvre lat oh my god
thank you so much that is so sweet of
you to send is that I
I'm having for washing for lunch back to
work with my millionaire friends but
what do you think guys huh
I just mad you guys see it how awesome
is that look the petroleum is a no Liam
isn't that freaking awesome no it is the
other one over here Ciccone Jory's on
I'll just go pluck that one out as well
and see what it looks like
was it so cool I love it like don't
forget to check in that links below
would you like a t-shirt you can have
one of these okay I've just realized
that even though this is medium as well
I look like something out of the Jersey
Shore much hey hey how's it going to
lady I don't know if they're both media
but they are they're all different
brands and different types of shirts and
so forth that's why the class is like oh
yeah it's a little a little bit tight
under you wouldn't you think I'm the
corny to remind oh my god bad on to me
like ribbons were a muscle man a muscle
man but um yeah it's kind of good luck
you know isn't it
it's a Coney Charlie's if you want to be
like a muscle man get one of these tops
the ladies will love it I loved it when
Tito look at this little Santa's Little
Helper here hey Santa's helper oh my god
my hand is so sore I cannot believe guys
we made treatment look at that right
they are frames there's three minutes of
frames oh my I cannot believe it's three
minutes none
Oh hope it's worth it my hand is in pain
I love these two little munchkins dog
thank you excited for your OMA yeah you
sure yeah
let's make some tea first we need some
tea you some tea in this situation I
feel like Superman you know I'm in a
situation who's gotta go
Ciccone Julie's spent a bit then didn't
you know it's like wait blok didn't it
didn't
okay Twinings green to you Jasmine but
look at the situation no last few bags
though it's a bad situation it's a bad
situation this would be a good time for
you guys to go get yourself a cup of tea
or a cup of coffee or something you know
just you know you want to pause this
video go this one wait for you okay I'm
just gonna wait here
I wasn't buzzed but an yeah he's got a
cup of tea a cup of coffee something I
enjoy yourself but if you're like
Arizona or somewhere like that we were
just like oh my god tea on coffee this
time it they put yourself an iced tea or
something you know Christmasy iced tea
do you know okay this means village okay
guys so you're gonna have to excuse the
dressing-gown but I'm cold I just get
cold really easily and I don't feel like
well actually the heating I think is on
but I don't feel like always turn like
jacking up the heat yeah it is on
jacking it up and stuff like that
because it's kind of wasteful and you
know we kind of are at home most of the
time anyway so I I I don't really feel
like putting on the heating all day long
because that'll just get like super
super expensive and wasteful so I have
my dressing gown on even though we're
having company over tonight well if just
my mom and Emma and Eric how my sister
so um I'm making dinner
it's family Friday disaster that was the
oil okay
don't spill oil when you're trying to
make dinner alright so I'm making
macaroni and cheese but it's a special
one because it's macaroni with force
cheese's do you want to go she's so
funny she keeps like sitting down
because I think her bum feels weird
because it's so naked cuz it was
probably so matted before but anyways
alright
defrost the peas because this my friends
is like a healthier version of macaroni
and cheese in it we're gonna do it with
veggies and what else
oh yeah we're not using cream or
anything I'm gonna use creme fraiche
which is like a slightly healthier
version so that's good isn't it
I think so and we're not using milk or
anything so it's pretty much just that
and look isn't this so cute we put it a
little car it's a little Christmas cards
there's Jonathan's mine
alby's and cnn's so cute
yummy yummy family Friday is a go Liam
mmm peas what do we got here peas and
cheese please cheese gz peas you believe
me you said we want to cherries yeah
look what think we got more colors for
you yeah your pink lady Louise a pink
lady she has been wearing it since we
got home okay the video up before I put
the vlog up but there is no chance so I
had to go ahead and upload the blog at
ease which is almost uploaded now just
waiting for the process of what time is
it oh my goodness 22 nine it was a late
one folks it was a late one by NAMM oh
it's because like there's just there's
still a few little things wrong with it
you know but I'm like I don't want to
just put it up if it's not a hundred
percent you know I want to I want to
give it up I want to give it the best
chance I can in life you know what
parents always say oh my god it's done
it's done I just fell there's always you
know I just thought there was just
something I liked it
bigoli thing that I just really wanted
to change up but you know just wasn't a
hundred percent I want to give my 100%
not my my half percent my actual hundred
percent and that's how I felt about that
and I was like oh because you know what
I don't want a sort of that a petroleum
a no Liam situation that is indeed you
know I don't have my ringtone it's not
my youtube channel I don't know what
you're talking about
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation you
just click that yellow button if you'd
be really kind of person that likes to
uh likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the stolid channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out I act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
Anna
Koni we also have a Facebook page where
you can post your pictures or you can
just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where if it's
a community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course a sponsor
side is that going to be a limited
number of friends thanks again watch
your videos not see you guys tomorrow
