good morning and welcome to the
seventies today is shooting my shooter
Sunday
I've already am then the establishing
shots at the window bed and the alarm
over here must you know I don't sleep
over decided a bad and I have to move
all of Anna stuff and yeah snow glow Oh
put that back there okay now I need to
set up a bedroom shot this is going to
be a funny one and like I always say if
I happen to get this uploaded before the
vlog ADIZ click here to watch and enjoy
it for your viewing pleasure but I can
as always I cannot guarantee that I'm
going to be that efficient because it
takes quite a while but and that's gonna
help me this because I'm gonna need some
help but hopefully this one works at all
so I was gonna be in this one tip over
dog okay that's da clothes changing Park
done I've got more drains on in the bed
roll up it was really cool hope that I
hope that looks really cool and it's
done okay now let's do the short
transition part thank you pop oh girl
argh
and I'll set up the shot in here and
down look good yeah quick break in
production the batteries died these
things happen all the time
now where's my good little a production
crew huh you on catering divine let the
battery charge are you happy you're not
be giving up homie I'm just giving up on
us there is they do they're the bestest
boys in the world it was a missus for
in the world we're not too big we're not
too everything walk by ton I press it
you know it's gonna happen right Chris
this morning Dylan's gonna get that he's
gonna press a button and it's not gonna
work because we've used it too much
they're gonna stay go mental when I play
it where is it rich
what is it somebody's making that noise
their governmental look look I just want
to fight the mentors they're so cute I
want my get sort of a green tea I think
it's got green tea with citrus in it
nice have some Nutella on wholemeal
bread yummy yummy all right let's bring
this upstairs because anna is getting
ready because she is in the next scene
that we're gonna do outside I'll try I'm
never am what Jackie funny recording
outside because I hope not too many
people on my cuz I was like no but other
funny funny scene also did she poop
might notice I'm not wearing my wedding
ring
that's because I'm this is called first
date or something like that
maybe I'll maybe I'll just call it first
day something I asked got a wedding ring
on I'd be calling it cheating on my wife
lunch over I'm bored
alright that's that done now to try and
record outside and it still it hasn't
rained and it's still a little bright so
fingers crossed
let's go ready yeah Larry isn't someone
actually comes and ruins the shot at me
okay
do this I was gonna have like more of
that but yeah the card actually filled
up on the big camera so I actually had
to put the vlog camera card into it for
the hair we're at Norwalk right now Xena
come on let's go let's go let's go say
goodbye it was really funny to hopefully
at the end scene because I wanted Anna
to be in it and the two of us could run
together like and spin around and hit
and like fly off you know going shudder
just there but I hope it looks awesome
it was so much fun
Jonathan edited my his-and-hers Gift
Guide video and I'm so thankful and
grateful that he did that because my
computer is like kind of old actually
it's super old it's like four years old
or something or five and um you goes
okay yeah my computer is really old and
it's just a laptop so it's not really
made for editing especially every single
day which is usually what I do so and
Jonathan's is next PS and it was more
expensive and it's kind of just older I
got skills yo
yeah I'm Jonathan well he's qualified in
this in this shiz so he edited my video
for me because I was so scared because
it was like 20 minutes long and I needed
to edit it down to like 10 minutes long
because I don't like uploading more than
ten minutes and he edited it so that um
it was like kind of shorter and snappier
and if I had done that on my laptop like
a 20 minute video editing it would have
crashed the laptop like several times
like oh my god this is like the site of
vlogging or video making that people
don't see is that like there's so much
lost footage last videos computers crash
everything it's like completely deleted
yesterday I didn't actually upload a
video you might have noticed because I
accidentally deleted it it deleted the
video I deleted it off my camera and
then
I put it onto my I had put it onto my
laptop and then I emptied my recycle bin
so I'm gonna upload a special because it
was just an outfit of the day but I'm
going to upload a more special outfit of
the day on Saturday because we're going
to a Christmas party like family
get-together things well upload video
and outfit of the day for that so maybe
it'll be like better cuz I'll give you
guys some ideas for Christmas and what
to wear for like holiday parties stuff
like that I feel like we lost a bulb I
think we might have lost that one there
umm because I just noticed earlier the
kitchen is a little bit dull dollar than
normal
okay so I'm gonna make dinner and I have
some sweet Thai chili okay sweet Thai
chili I have some left over chickpeas
and kidney beans protein and what else
some veggies let's see pepper yes this
is I'm going to use a pepper today hold
on green pepper and last but not least
we have Martha some whole-grain rice
because whole grain is better for youth
in weight and if that's what we're going
to make tonight guys just very very easy
quick simple not really putting much
effort into it because tomorrow is
family Friday so I'm going to make
something more special so I'm going to
whip that together and these are drying
right here these are the things that
can't be can't be tumbled right I'm
going to whip this all together and
maybe I'll even show you guys what it
looks like after because I always forget
to I'm always like too busy you know
cooking and doing whatever and then I
forget to show you guys what
like what the final product looks like
and then I feel bad people right never
showed us never go that's your food so
I'll try and remember okay and dinner is
served
I put some sour cream on top so Joe Pitt
thank you for babysitting my video it is
done and it is shared and what the hell
is that I hope you like it
yes ice cream I see the way to a man's
heart yummy yummy in my tummy are you
gonna mine the houses are you gonna mine
the houses are you gonna mind the houses
now don't I've saved that game there now
do not continue on lose my safe spot if
I come back and find out they take my
game I swear to goodness now skitty
older Oh
treats yours oh there's some pot out
like this we're going on and midnight
adventure even though it's only about 9
o'clock there we go I need them I have
some sort of a problem with my pizzas SS
town
I like this place it always feels like
an airport we're still here but I had
the thing on Christmas time as well is
that the deals are insane look at all
the yellow look at the sea of yellowness
it's amazing way better than its way
that one season didn't redonkulous guys
I don't know you ever seen this in your
life before but look at this
can you see that Vince hi ice cream
we're just we're trying to it's so small
no and then like should we French brandy
and ruby port whoa that seems like a lot
of alcohol I do not like alcohol in my
food plus why is it on offer like yeah
it's a new cat yeah
I don't know
let's go let's go you little tease oh my
god it's like PI ones like buy one get
one free you don't even want the product
but then you're like how could I not get
toffee crunch and Pringles it's not one
check one free baby there's no one a
mistletoe tastes like these look galaxy
mistletoe kisses
pendular mistletoe flavor also guys I've
decided that I'm going to end Vito the
healthy eating until January ok so I
don't want to see all these comments
like oh root I'm just saying that it's
Christmas it's a time of festive fun and
food this isn't really funny guys
that's why ex-girlfriend both you guys
in the same place that's so funny she's
in Tesco which is not on TV ages ago
oh my god
you see that you'll know there's two
guys as well yeah Oh Christmasy
Missy Korea it so quickly though
so only for everything we put everything
through the machine right he gave us
like a total and then at mine is like
everything we bought
we got something free wind that's pretty
awesome isn't it
that's why Tesco is kind of better
innocent like done stores is better
because it's like Irish Irish yourself
how old me for a while so with all these
money but it's not fresh and everything
done stories is all like mostly Irish
but tasks always have such good deal
idea like buy one get one free
everything we bought we got something
free Wow
you know like anything it's amazing -
for 3 years
that's why we go off to Tesco we just
went right there off to Tesco we just
right right Dyer I am like a genuine
fire starter look what we've got here
again more fires and before you start up
twisted fire started I was looking for
dared eventing they was talking about
but I can't find a vent thing I was
looking in the comments and videos and
stuff so I'm not really gonna be able to
vent my situa
the thing at the bottom though you know
it's like you just pull it thing but my
thing doesn't have a thing that has a
thing you know the thing I'm not gonna
matter that's the thing I'm talking
about
haha also we put up the UM the gifts
guide one when with me in this doll line
it's kind of it's hilarious the comments
people are leaving you know you think
I'm funny
my moisturize all over my face if you
haven't seen it check out the starlight
channel cuz it's gonna rock your socks
off but yeah that sounds nuts that this
you know that's pretty much what happen
tonight you know tomorrow is a busy day
because I've got a um Eddy dope -
stop-motion thing and which is probably
today now so let's go ahead
boom I'm rotated it once more watch the
video please send it to your friends
that would be awesome
also I think I mean a lot of people said
they wanted to take in the making of the
Christmas
I wanted to do which is like everyone's
picture has and so if you could take a
picture right like the only way to judge
this right is to see if we get enough
people zero and I'm trying to figure out
the best place for you guys to send it
to so what if you just went ahead and
put it on to the Ciccone Jolie's a
Facebook page so it's facebook.com for
throw to ciccone Jolie's the link is in
the description bar go up there upload
your picture to that Facebook page
because you don't need to friend it or
you don't even need to like it if you
don't want it you can just go and do it
whatever even like in the page if you
don't like us but you want the
particular picture go ahead and do that
keep the resolution as high as possible
and do this many as you want like don't
if you're sitting there thinking like
she'll I could I would like the more
pictures I get better and I need like I
think I need like 650 pictures to make
about a 30-second video that's 650
pictures I need to make 30 seconds so
you know quite a lot like you know I'm
not like a 50-buck thats crazy but
that's only 50 frames which is 2 seconds
of video so that's not really enough for
me to like you know Nate this 10 year
because I wanted to like I'm gonna make
some easy to go with it so go pretty you
know let it
you're something fun like that you know
but if you want to participate that
would be awesome
link for Facebook account force of the
Sicari Jodie's link is below in the
description bar and you know what I hope
you have an awesome Friday and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah and if you want
to subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation you just click
that yellow button if you're the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that like be scottish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's install the
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at AK Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at Anna
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where that's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course they
specify that that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos I'll see you guys
tomorrow
