good morning friends for watching us by
morning
ah thank you Amelia's having bagel with
cream cheese and smoked salmon for her
breakfast and while I was having already
breath I have read a bit Alessia had
breast milk and AdWords is a good show
for them to watch though be in the
morning they give mother dies because
unless you actually consume so it kind
of keeps her distracted people them
structured it's perfect and we a busy
day today I need to get some stuff
organizing me to get in Juarez passport
or nice because this expired like
there's always something I swear with
passports and it's always last minute
today friends we are making the boom box
video maybe debate the pain camellias
fake with a in the soft end of a
cleaning brush snazaroo alright so
different look at it alone I got a
snippet away so you can little arm that
has good look amazing now Enid you want
to be a good robot or a bad robot good
robot wow you look robotic yeah
okay so we did some tests with the
chroma cream screen and I asked the last
few days building the 3d environment
when I updated you guys after I built it
but this is what she's looking like so
we have the green screen hanging off the
thingies because it works really really
well and then we've got our our back lot
of fill lights our key lights Oh what
yeah me just getting our face painted
done
her face done but it's going to look so
good luck you guys do that free scream
means things like
so they should cut that out
Eduardo come here go be a nurse man
it's Gary man
no no way look this could be funny look
let people let people stand here and do
a funny face and people can cut us there
and Photoshop us go walk with your shirt
no shoes on it look at this hello hello
hey no he so we are off holding my boob
okay we're off to the doctor's for last
year's vaccination third one I think
she's done for a bit but um yes number
of fun things because she's so happy
right now actually hate it like hate it
with a passion ponen yeah I really hate
getting the vaccinations done um
it's necessary I think anyway shortly
after she was born the kids were back to
school or were at school and it was a
lot easier because it's like having one
child again just one baby when the other
two are gone at least in the mornings
like in the afternoon that was hard but
they were tired out from school whereas
now it's not like that a new constant
entertainment and Jonathan's working all
the time and I just don't think people
get that like I think people are always
like you're so lucky you've got your
husband at home with you but it's like
really full-on like because he's working
he's not actually fully there like it's
not the same as just having like a
stay-at-home dad
you know um he's actually working he's
in his office so it's being really
tricky like I'm kind of looking forward
to school going back which is weird
because like I never thought I'd say
that but it's true I think with three
it's just pretty really difficult like
and then I end up losing it with them
and then feeling really bad about it but
I just get so stressed out and it's just
like oh my god like what if I even
become I don't even recognize myself
anymore like the way like sometimes when
I get really angry and it's like oh it's
just stress like that's literally all it
is like both calm like I wouldn't share
with them or I wouldn't like have to get
cross with them but they also like have
been paying off because their boards was
like oh I've been trying to organize
things for them to do but like every day
is very very hard
robot Amelia wears robot Amelia but let
me see I haven't even seen yet oh my
goodness why you robot do your best
robot bleep oh I am because they kind of
like cut it in the shape or the head
yeah maybe we should do not daddy has to
do his faces - we're all gonna be robots
together everywhere every week right
what are you doing we're not paid in
full buddies here yeah all you can do is
well okay no we didn't get broke all
right with the costume on hand in here
please
and then this has had a setup avatar
when you're filming avatar basically
basically making avatar in our garage
okay now pull your hand out a little bit
ho letters
oh yeah move your newbie robot hunter
and can we make them like fall all that
can you hold out your hand put your hand
out and hold it so hold on to the thing
yeah yeah yeah yeah the hole that I also
stays extended yeah that looks good
now show me a robot done now I know your
elbow sorry maybe staples will staple
them to your arm it might hurt a little
bit wait over to be okay put it there
there when we're good at the video you
make your cute robot
alright I'll sweep it up okay got
parking this time you excited well not
really cuz it's not very nice of it very
nice place to go to for you if it
needles put in you both like
anything mean yeah okay
oh yeah for little bit more come over
here that is here like this okay we did
miss me look so cute where all the green
is because if you can imagine I want to
make you let's ping does opening
hey so I went for am a spray tan this
morning everyone got a knee should go
for spray tan so I was like you're sure
I should go for a spray tan but I think
I might have selected the wrong color
tan or something I'm not sure what do
you guys think let me know in the
comments if you think it's a good a good
luck for me what lady I just want to be
your robot robot robot looks dope Jorah
and you guys watch the nation that I
look like a guy well actually in the
last season well you've lost yourself in
I can't do undo that from here but yeah
you know I can't remember his name but
this could be this is how he did him a
lot robot you excited guys all right
that ain't support on here the costume
now let's get it together career
together
hi guys Eduardo get it
oh did you wanna come here come here be
in the photo no no no be in a photo good
with kicking off
bah Oh No hello we are robots welcome to
the robot video presentation office
situation presents plan we can run for a
little bit like a robot robot Wow what
you have to ask you to in robot you need
big robot or no can you speak robot I
just want to be a robot run zero there 0
1 0 0 1 0 0 0 by the way this is for a
music video I'm pregnant friend channel
please check it out
I'm coming together now please check it
out guys it'll be on Sunday actually
p.m. ok ok just watch it
this is for ass social purposes okay
let's get your moon buggy answer oh all
right done oh oh sorry
whoa
Oh Oh
you guys can't study drifted anyway that
needs to go and do all the main points
though just two little robots enjoying
the sunshine going to show your faces
they're half rubbed off now but they
were doing a robot song oh my god the
light is like I don't even think you
guys can see me but um okay who said
anyway I'm having my lunch it is a
whole-wheat wrap with salmon avocado his
have thought baked beans on toast and
some cheese which they finished and I
don't really like to feed my slave I'm
just so Eric I've got nothing oh hi I
have some serious concerns for my hair
what
what's going on
like a fringe I'm Janet Johnson song
weather way in case of dingoes actually
to know what that was quite nice like a
side fringe oh my god
yeah like that anyway
what little make a baby with me here no
she's not even better happy today though
she was like there's me she was happy
this morning but then after her
injections she just hasn't really been
herself of course there she's fine
oh-hoo-hoo huh I think her legs are
hurting like I think they're bruised or
something because every time I pick her
up it's like she gets really AM it's
like it's sore she threats like tensing
up where look I've been going through
bush
anyway um her vaccinations went ma they
went really well but like she screamed
but the doctor's visit went well because
I actually got to see the doctor as well
as the nurse and they weighed her and
she's gone up in a the next scent aisle
which is really really good and we're
really proud of her because she's
gaining weight so one you are mmm-hmm
she's just always been measuring small
ever since she was inside my tummy and
there's absolutely nothing wrong with
her she's just like a small baby I don't
know Robin yes shall we have a bath
whoever bars are so hard oh but we put
the bed put beds we put the kids to bed
early last I sorry later last night an
hour later and it worked for the most
part like Amelia didn't come in until
after seven which is heavenly and then
Eduardo did come into our bed I'm not
sure what time because I always click
through at Jonathan's one who kind of
deals with like I deal with the baby if
she wakes up and then Jonathan kind of
deals with the corridor if he wakes up
also because the duardo typically goes
into him and to his side of the bed
whereas the media will always come to my
side I don't know why they do that but
it's just the way they do it and but
yeah when I woke up he was beside I knew
there was a child in that I always know
like when there's someone there but I'm
never sure which one is because he and
Amelia are very similar sizes so I'm not
ever sure but I mean I know it's not
Alessia that's for sure Luba ever sort a
little bit analyst yeah
Jonathan's been editing all day and
filming her friend his friends and all
that stuff so I haven't even really seen
him properly all day but yeah I'm going
to run her bath now and I think we're
going to put the kids to bed later again
tonight like cat what we did yesterday
because that seems to have worked and
definitely didn't have anybody coming in
at 6:00 or like waking up at 6:00 and
like wanting to start the day at 6:00
that was good news alright I'm going to
get a wrap started
you like that
