order up dofus thanks a lot
the best way in the world you guys are
the best
we're late well technically we're not
actually late so we were actually on
time but now we're late because it's
early still no snow and the snow pyjamas
notice so Cooper stop mr. Compton
oh my God look how cold in this guy I
wasn't like that a minute ago
whoa we've hit a cold snap ha ha you can
actually see the am the self
condensation and I love to do it but hey
look it backfired guys
isn't that crazy look at the size of it
it's huge that has got to have snow in
it just got to be snow on that cloud
listen to me cloud guys it's a small
affair it's a small operation now where
can I just pull in and hold it out hold
that for a moment yeah we'll just stop
here for a moment don't mind well they
want to talk fair to mine and friend
shelling Strasse oh my goodness look at
the hills up here the snow in it I don't
know if you can see it but it's Cody
you guys see the top of the mountain
unlike zoomed in I got it shake I smudgy
thanks for my G oh I saw in the comments
I think was to comment someone said M
what stay between smooching Oreo this is
smudgy I smudgy there's Miffy up there
Nikki just left here you wandering
around an Oreo if you know there's four
cats here he one two three four might as
well feed you guys a jaundice chin each
dish is it was a what is a oh I love it
I'll eat the chocolate just just cuz
I'll help them out like that I'm good
like that
mmm you start munching t-shirt nice
Thank You Sean vielen dank chuckle Kate
Oh YUM I'll have that too this is the
best day of my life oh my goodness look
at this place mmm you know what they are
you wrote the person on one the grossa
someone go come on you guys get toys
with that toy is that what's gonna
happen here oh I'll be gutted
Oh see you toy I'll be watching
oh you're so spinning
it is so disgusting outside but where do
I go excuse me
look at the girl chairing the man chair
you know
whoa you guys want to see this video
don't forget check out the style hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of this style diet there is some serious
storage going on out here guys
dead sky it is like a blanket like look
at it it is going to either like rain
like a mental person or it is going to
snow like a mental er one way or another
there's a storm coming batten down the
hatches so people come into my office
you know and I was going to get a couch
and then I thought like sure I'll be bad
is there so that's where people get the
stick when you come into my office you
look really cute is it don't be in your
bum
look at him nosey you never know the
difference sometimes with them in Tibet
internet internet internet internet he
did love you last night Colonel India
I don't know I mean sometimes this is a
it's not so cold it's so freezing cause
you got no food also I want to try and
make a big fire instead of in Rome one
we just turned it off for a second I'm
not gonna turn it around cuz I don't
even think you can see me because it's
so dark I'm using the illumination of
the man in front well yeah I want to try
and make a different kind of fire I want
to roll on like a man let's see like a
like an like turf I think turf and peat
logs or something that cuz they burn for
longer because the ones that we usually
get only lasts like about an hour or so
when they end it is like too fricking
cold oh my god I was just a bag to step
outside the door right look at this
I open the door there's a massive puddle
right there
I don't know you can see that my sucks
backing up back in a backin up backin up
backin up backin up backin up back it up
I think part of the problem with the old
overflowing thing here is like it is
this dream and there's the water all the
rounds to drain it's completely flooded
I mean it's probably gonna get crazy oh
my god it's got anybody feel like proper
man it up actually but the proper like
under they call it Pete things can't
pick it up oh I got it so heavy
alright oh my goodness I got rain is
gettin I've got some pizzas the safety
and comfort of my warm car pizza in the
oven
hmm actually for a vegetarian one it's a
super thin look at thin they're super
things I love ten pizzas I don't like
really thick beats I like a thin pizza
and it's got mozzarella roasted tomatoes
with pesto this ovens cool look it has a
countdown timer on your luck - your
ticket isn't that kind of cool it's like
oh let's go some just don't I don't know
it looks like Kenny Cooper gets there
now doesn't it looks like Christmassy or
something like Oh dad's going to put on
a fire we need to get the tools doh you
know the fire tools little brush in the
shovel and stuff I don't earn that
because I do not want this to get smoky
I figure I just put the fire lighter
thing in the middle and then build a
little house around it I'm sure that
will kind of work right so I won for the
forum II can see that
my shadows in the way look actually no
way - figured I am so I went for four
which is two on top of two I'm gonna try
that out and see if that works a little
bit of fire lighter so hopefully that
makes a fire okay here's the little
house that I made can you guys see in my
little house so this may just go out
okay that could happen or could you may
just go out or it may actually start a
fire I'm not really sure I'm hoping it
will start a fire
I had it was kind of going out so I put
on Facebook he would like add newspaper
so I don't have any newspapers to sort
of talk what if I just had some frosted
panties but I think it's just gone out
I'm really sure what's going on in there
I think it's just kind of like smoking
oh god oh god
oh goodness so like are we sure like
that kind of burning but I don't know
how my dad used to this thing where you
like hold a piece that hold a newspaper
up against it here we have the Irish
Times that we what about the sports
section no one we have we did you
remember cheer your dad ever make a fire
so Marie used to hold a hose like papers
limping against it no hold on it might
be something to that Irish Times sports
began there because it gets to be honest
who actually meets the sports section so
it was something like he's gonna like
hold it up like this against it
okay I've added newspaper balls that's
my new thing now I'm making newspaper
balls
it's just weekend a review yeah he looks
kind of upset oh my god is that Nathan
from misfits the guy at the top there no
well it looks like Nathan a bit but I'm
okay it's sort of kindling what these
things really happening yeah it's like
it draws the flame oh cool okay so are
you sure well it blows the flames now so
let's hope we never made a fire come on
II hope hope is why undid them it's the
first words of a Clive Barker book hi I
think we'll call that somewhat of a
success there's a fire burning now right
yeah fire burning Gammage pledge oh whoa
I just earned some respect
nice nice all right yeah catch you later
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation you just take that yellow
button if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer
gaming don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like to be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's install that
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at aniseh ponies we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where it is it's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages but
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook societies
Exeter you get a limited number of
friends thanks again for watching videos
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
