it's idea day that's what I call today
today is to trying out normally which
like happens a day or two before it put
up another video but I am just trying to
set this up because I haven't actually
shot anything yet
using yet the green screen here so I've
just tighten it up a little but
tightened up the hatches and I'm gonna
test some stuff out and see if it
actually works and then which will give
me a lot more range and idea for some of
the things that I wanted to do but um
looks pretty cool so far like nice and
tight like it's a little wrinkly but um
you can take that out and post pretty
simple and After Effects is pretty good
filters for that kind of that kind of
thing what you come on over here hey
Aseema nice bed Sina
you ran out of my room when I start
hammering you just came in here where is
Nina Bernstein I got is she in here this
is my bitch all of us all of its money
bloody Jimmy oh my god it happened you
happened it snowing
it's snowing it's snowing what if it
doesn't stick though oh my god you've
got to stick you've got to stick come on
mango a tasty mango with some pineapple
and apple and blender hmm Juicy Lucy
tasty tasty right now upon this aside
you need to blend this up to make it a
blend a tasty blend can you just stop
dropping in there for a second cuz I'll
be awesome because I don't isn't magic
then we take the world's most expensive
milled organic flaxseed we have to like
live by our pot type of thing in which
we do not possess right now then we have
a tasty breakfast smoothie type thing
which has got lots of flex it and chunky
lumps enemies oh yeah are you sure you I
am just making my lunch
and 17 I'm about to spot it for me sorry
excuse me
but it's be empty
yeah I'm just making my my lunch and
because during the colder months like I
just love to drink green tea let's say
we have like a few different flavors
this is with pineapple and grapefruit I
didn't really like that one so much so
I'm not gonna go with that Twinings do
this like kind of like a variety pack of
tees look how cute Jonathan is like he
juiced this morning and he cleaned
everything up but well bless his soul he
he tried
he's a Trier he doesn't always get it
right
I reckon daily earth no when uh-huh Sina
I always know what Jonathan has has came
back because there's always like maxi
lapis of mango right here there's like
stuff needs to be it was the same rap
wait okay Sina seriously stop it what
are you doing that's bold um it was the
same with my dad I remember like every
time he would clean up they're not happy
Sina no no barking do you hear me
yeah when my dad would clean up if my
mom is away for the weekend do some
things could always be like little
patches of just like not perfectly
cleaned areas I don't know like it was
just more thorough and my mama's at home
so I think that's just kind of normal
role maybe and some family is it's the
other way around but usually it is the
woman who is like more
I don't know thorough with her cleaning
because we're fussier you know like oh
we notice things like I always noticed
like every little thing it's like how
did you even see that I'm like I don't
know it's just that's just how I am
um so yeah oh that smells so good I love
the cranberry one seriously if you get a
chance or
can pick up the Twinings like selection
of tea selection of teeth because you
just have so much bright in there and
you can really choose like a different
one every day oh well that doesn't
belong there get in there I'll be
where's dad
say no where's daddy he's disappeared
good dad fix it no no no no no what are
you doing you're going the wrong way
Oh Gracie where is he I always realized
it where's dad
but where is he rich dad cruising
cruising he's not in the bin oh oh oh
where is he is he in there he's in there
pretty sad
I love you oh so um you wanna overall
having an emotional breakdown I look
like the violin and we were joined
conjoined yeah that's pretty close you
sometimes dear dwellers I had this idea
for a video right now in order for this
to work okay I'm going to need like
hundreds and I mean like hundreds almost
thousands of people to participate okay
all you have to do is take a photograph
of the front of your house you can be in
it if you want if you're in it that's
kind of cooler like there's something
like that right and then we're not doing
this I make a stop-motion animation of
all the you guys run to your houses but
it has to be our presidency you know
like so snowing and non snowing or
lights and all this kind of stuff if
you're interested do not leave me a
comment and I made that video but it'll
only work if 500 people do it you know
it won't work it like nobody does it so
leave me a comment if you're interested
in that kind of a thing okay who wants
to go for a walk ease a mother effing
mother effing bodies who wants to go for
a walk ease on a Tuesday afternoon Oh
Love Hurts
so I'll sing it and then you guys have
to go okay and then you have to say the
square it every time okay so say every
kind of pause right so let's sing
together and all of us okay one two
three go who wants to go further I love
that every mother Evan did he do it oh
my god
and then I snow for like a second there
you're on today second mind you I didn't
even seriously believe me it's no what I
tell you oh my god it is so windy so
cold my face bouncing off police in
tight
how does it even pull that her at her
birthday half come on come on before we
go please it's so marshy over here I
don't want to walk and I could leave in
a row my boots this is like a repeat of
Sunday's vlog because we're on the same
walk obviously because this is where we
live now but huh
Oh No
don't you hate when it's windy out and
then you wear lip gloss
and your hair gets stuck in your
lipgloss it is so annoying it's like no
lip gloss I should have worn lipstick no
no it kind of stick to your lips oh my
god
I think it's snowing the rain the rain
yeah yeah I know they're not full
raindrops when they're hitting they're
turning to rain it's just not cold up we
need to turn the temperature down just a
little bit more guys the sky does look
blankety it has a blanket of snow
Oh God could this I feel it on my face
Jay I'm gonna have to get a couple of
weeks so I just got a couple of wreaths
in the Charlie here are you ready let's
go how much you need call coriander
I like that now call it calls for
coriander you buy this thing it's it's
dangerous I know what it is maybe it's
the fluff on the camera although I do
tend to generate the static charge quite
a lot I don't know I think some people
just do are you wanted are you one of
those people I think I said that last
time I'm at the car rumor the Alpha kept
frying me every time I get out of it get
in there static discharge or charge I'm
not really sure which way this could be
one way neither did live mimi's and
enough did you suffer from a static
charge you see that guy there he gets
like an overeager Wednesday can't talk
in terms I've just like to point out for
the record then what I'm about to do is
a really bad idea but I can't resist
myself I'm going to take this entire
huge box and purchase it
okay Nicki where have you chosen to
sleep what what thank you something at
the back under the stairs hi everyone
hey Miffy indie pop hmm hello tears
my name is Nicolas or you are you hey so
are you are there the geophys is
rendering the vlog and I am rendering my
haircare video and we're both kind of
waiting this is like the waiting period
is like because we can't do anything
else while it's rendering think it's bad
for the computer I've tried to do that
before and it's broken so it's just
better if I don't
oh my goodness so I just finished
rendering and then I checked the recipe
for the grilled halloumi turns out I
forgot two ingredients
I was in the shop today and I checked it
and I was like I don't know what I was
thinking I think it's because I didn't
read in but yeah it's exactly what I did
I didn't read see you some things some
words are bold and then in between here
there's like stuff that isn't bold
well I only read the bold words so I
didn't get 300 mils vegetable stock what
like the vegetable stock cube and I
didn't get any sugar snap peas what's
going on here nothing here concern nice
apron lady apron lady the Hypertime she
does take a little too far sometimes I
don't know what it is but it seems to be
getting very smoky you know like smoke
or like air blows back down the chimney
or something you can see what's up there
no it seems okay it seems to get like
I'll smoke you something maybe you need
to clean it out or something like that
I'm not really sure if you guys have an
idea let me know leave me a comment it's
like we need to clean there is that way
it's getting smoky cuz there's a stuff
underneath like I'm trying to have a
conversation here why don't you step on
you what am i step on you the old unfun
part oh and not touch the walls or
anything the old unfun part of lighting
the fire all the time they have to dig
out all the ashy stuff because it gets
him see every smokey if you don't think
it I think there's a little vent there
that needs to be emptied all the time
but I'm I won't take long and we'll have
our little firelight her Oh better not
touch the walls or I'll get in trouble
do you guys want to hide
last treat I realized my face probably a
total mess cuz I was on the fourth Sina
and I'll be my makeup right like but um
do you guys want to wanna hide the
last tree are we gonna hate it here okay
ready or not here I come
Oh fishy fishy treats hey sweet thank
you watch them use their little sniffers
oh you found one
good boy Aldi good dog
Sina use your nose use your noses oka
girl Cena good girl
use your noses come on snip snip snip
snip snip
good dogs I wonder where the cheese well
it can't be it there I'll use your head
okay oh wait till you find them on the
vlog it is head mmm
oh you're good he'll be except you just
let Cena to it there's one up there on
the couch
you guys probably can't see it did you
find it did you find them oh no Liam it
fell oh no silly me links what's the
score uh one one I think yeah one one
leaf LLB Cena's gonna get it oh she's
clever okay girls Cena did you get
you're a good girl aren't you thanks I
got him oh I think she got it yeah
that's the one that you guys um hid she
did get it I'll be I'll be
Xena all right seeing I gets the you
guys one person's Nina and there's
actually two more
there's two more where's the treats
fetch the streets they should treat
easier no difference where is it oh yeah
you got it you got it
see that
you can get it you can boy boy hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and dont forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
hey if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer
gaming don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at act Jonathan Joey and of
course follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there we get that where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
societies have to only be a limited
number of friends thanks again watch
your videos now see you guys tomorrow
