oh no it is not a pleasant day today so
I ever put you out there so I have to go
to a dentist EO just to make sure
especially over Christmas kiss let's be
honest I'm going to eat a lot of sweets
and cakes okay I all year long I can't
have actually M shrimp and a good bit of
day I haven't weighed myself or anything
because I don't I basically work it out
why when teachers pick me or not that's
how I know whether I've lost weight or
not boy then now it's time to gain it
all back
what a beautiful day it's not it's an
icky horrible disgusting day I'm hoping
the rain will just go away somebody by
mistake tweet rain for Joe fights
because it worked
congratulations now we just need to make
it snow globe not right now though
because we're just be icy and slush
that's not fun go on dry snow okay so we
need like no rain for a couple of days
bit of Sun would hurt enough just just
to prepare the ground for the snowstorm
that will
like my start I love this garden I
watched and I watched the Portman and
collector that damn what do they call
them so you might be wondering why I'm
going existing as I don't need to go but
it's because I need to send out all my
cards and I kind of got fright the other
day we were in Dunn stores and there was
this like sign up and it was saying like
the final dates for sending Christmas
cards to different parts of the world
and the American one was like the 8th of
December and I was like oh my god
because it's what is it the 12th or the
13th anything today so if that's the
case then none of my cards are gonna get
says like but I don't think I don't know
I think that might be just like a
cautionary or something because I know I
just know from experience that I've said
part before
God they've gotten to like my brother a
lot of people in the u.s. in about a
week and I always Center at the same
time so
but anyways I have all the cards in
there and I have a couple going to the
US a couple of points to it
Europe and a couple also point
I'm not even bothering Lea if you're
watching this I'm sorry but you live in
Australia and they wouldn't you didn't
get my card for like till next Christmas
so I have her Merry Christmas like the
worse I'm like do you have her aunt's
dress like I don't know and then I'm
like oh dear half your sisters dress no
can you get those for me yeah I just
have our stop watching this video
like 12 days later they don't like I
want super got no so half the cards for
Jonathan somebody go inside today we're
going to double
I'm feeling together against only as the
only person around
and I hold his hat and make the Pima
Rowland to be overly relaxed to it
everything how was it
I'm on them I'm a nut man so you did get
him how'd he get numbed by them that was
a pro a preemptive strike sighs I didn't
wait there was no pain we just thought
that three important structure of the
other one that is normally weight hurt
hurt and then he goes to the dentist
oh no oh no Joe Paso nose same cheap
save the world but just longer than they
thought so it wasn't so bad I really
like to go easy always an attack oh yeah
and your whites in the meantime is 3c
change my name she's like in the files
ah we Came journey to
to
I had a nice little chat with my brother
very 16 today this is so like suggest
you what because I never text people but
let alone people in like a different
country but my sister Emma texts my
brother is like I don't even realize I
don't understand Harris does like a big
attacks before America yeah well knows
no dudes texting Stefano because my
brother except none of them said now it
and I just asked him was like what's
your new address he just moved in with
his girlfriend he's gonna kill me
he's gonna kill every single girl he
just not like being online at all like
he doesn't even have a facebook he's
such a loser anyway anyway just move
they just that I had it together he
actually told me that he had seen it was
so weird because he's so like not into
like the internet or anything like that
he's like oh I saw your new apartment on
your one of your vlogs
okay oh my god you watched a vlog and
then I was like some department head
yeah yeah yeah it was program you know
but those knees what if there's a new
girlfriend's kids what yes yes
well his robe is really nice and she
told me that like they want doesn't talk
but I don't know if she's just being
nice or shooting it what happen ever
I don't think so noise
but it's not like things of no then I'm
presenting your cards so yeah I got his
new address and then we texting I was
like this is really weird I've never
like tested
hice my G nice to meet you it's my duel
anyone else
mm-hmm no not that one
smudgy ear ones over there no no no oh
this one that's your one Mikey's gonna
eat all of them and then leave I know
everyone else is what are you hiding
from the rain somewhere turn the light
off
Oh guys look let go to Charlie there's
magnetic ones look it just stops now
really cool we nearly got screwed by
Tesco don't mind if I mumbling because
half my face is now but they nearly
scared us but we asked if we got our own
back but we didn't get to Jamie Oliver
then get to stuff and stuff my ass for
Christmas my family look I got this for
Dillon so cool I show you me get back as
that I got Dillon is that cool if you
have kids would you enjoy this he's like
- that's cool look you can push it along
and I don't like we do you annoy the
crap out of everybody Wonder Pets a
wonder pets cool guys Majin yer I want a
dress and presents that we got for other
people because that grown-ups and they
might actually watch this mm-hmm
some Thai chicken soup yummy yummy yummy
and it's all going in my tummy mmm I
think I figure Suton is probably pretty
a wise thing to have when you've only
got one side of your mouth is actually
useful
oh good Nina got though to get the
stockings - are they inside where a
gingerbread man do you make him or
something
yeah oh yeah keep an eye on everybody
okay have any idea what he's talking
about but it's a new show in Ireland
about a face called Allah oh my goodness
it is so close Nicole's look I can talk
again this that we then those that I
know you think and I look the exact same
as I did earlier on but I'm telling you
it's different
and I helped me design him and he looks
kind of like me well these the ropes is
like a gat to looking like me because
you can you can change like hair I
resumes and cheeks and all sorts of
stuff okay now he's got his top off
which is pretty similar to what I look
like when I have my top off as well like
you just come here sir into the light
okay turn top no no turn turn this way
there we go
okay so do you guys think he looks like
me it's slightly sort of a little bit
like me yeah that's similar body type do
you guys think he looks like me leave me
a comment you think this a me but it's
so awesome you can actually make your
own little character and that's cool
mm-hmm okay so we're gonna light the
fire because we're frozen crows and cold
Thank You Nina for making me what you
hope you have
design him right fire log fire this bad
boy in movie so it's time to make dinner
but before I can do that I have to wash
up I'm gonna wear my Anna one that my
mom got me she brought this back from
Italy and the woman who made it or who
avoided it did it like right in front of
them so you basically like buy them off
the street like off the market or
whatever and then they ask you like what
name you wonder and she said Anna and
she did it right there and it says queen
of the kitchen in at argan sea by Regina
did like Russia mm-hmm it's pretty dirty
actually I'm gonna wear this one
mmm yummy yummy dinner is served
can't wait to eat this looks so good and
I'm starving you ready Joe fit you go
fork no just one
that's why 100 on you take whichever one
you want this one looks like it's got
the most meat on it okay you can see all
the beef here beefcakes no I put
parmesan in them they never tell you
guys I am actually instrumental genius
fortunately there's only one note to it
though it's fun oh hell I'm marched
better by much relevant didn't work much
in your eyes are made of marshmallows
eat the mic I'd steal and eat your eyes
yeah what but the smell of nighttime no
sort of smell of nighttime here it's
been sort of raining and that's the sort
of sky and light and water and trees and
stuff like the smell oh no that's so
awesome
don't we confuse with the light rocket
the moon
that's your big little house we have a
race of the SAPS my wife on this side
ready
Poochie
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Joly and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa and
if you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
kick that yellow button if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer game he's also get to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like he's stylish at all
times
don't forget to check out anna's the
stolid channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at Jonathan Joey and of course
follow at aniseh ponies we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that way there's a community page you
can also go to our friend pages well
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook society
that's going to be a limited number of
friends tend to get watch your videos
not see you guys tomorrow
