Sunday Jonathan's like doing foot intro
so that's my foot intro thank you okay I
mean I'm a break so Jonathan and I are
getting divorced because I don't have my
son yeah okay um hold on I have to put
them on cuz otherwise I'll be comments
being like why'd you that seriously
happens sometimes
oh my god get on my finger stupid rings
oh okay so I'm doing laundry that's why
I bed looks crazy right now because it's
got no sheets on yeah I need to watch
this because mr. peepee puddin's peed on
sometimes when Albie has like an
emergency he'll pee like in the night I
don't know why he doesn't let Cena is
younger than him and she doesn't do this
but he has cause he's a boy he pees
there underneath the toilet which is
kind of like a loud not technically but
you know technically there's a no peeing
in the house rule but sometimes he gets
away with that because you know it's
like the bathroom so when it Stiles is
easy clean so we allow him to do that
sometimes in an emergency situation but
great babe who's I should probably do
tells his mother there's so much to do
even though Sunday supposed to be a day
of rest and then what else do I have to
do today there's laundry already drying
yeah I have to clean so you could I on
Sundays I usually clean the house and
kind of just like get things done around
the house that need to be done because
Sunday I never film or edit videos Oh
if you guys work from home that's a
really good tip is to keep your weekends
free like try and work during that never
works though it's always like I'll say
I'm gonna do that and then I always end
up working like on Saturdays so good ed
you go your babies and um I always try
so I always try and do that and I always
try and keep Sunday like free like no
working on Sundays but then of course
spend the whole day cleaning so that is
technically working okay you just watch
okay
I'll be lets go peepees inside I know
you need to so that's what I'm doing
today do laundry everything and then
everything will be done you ready you
ready okay all right
good dogs hey can I have both your
little greedyguts
what a greedy good dogs our room looks
nice to them that it needs something
right there I forgot to measure I keep
forgetting to measure my picture from my
brother which I want to put there stupid
stupid me and look I got a magazine
yesterday except I don't know who the
hell is gonna come for her I got glamour
who is that I have no idea I'm so like
uncool I have no idea who all these
celebrities are so do it again
pinnacle peepees again wow you've got a
lot of teeth in you you said you wanted
to go out make up your mind you want you
I think she just doesn't know what you
want okay anything so I got magazine and
like I never get magazines but my
favorite one to get if I do get it one
it's always been glamour I feel like
it's got the perfect mix of everything
in it it's not too like too much fashion
there not too much beauty and it's not
too much fitness and it's you wait right
and that's not too much like it's just a
perfect balance of everything so let me
sort it all this laundry which is so
boring oh my goodness irony in sitting
here since about half 10:00 this morning
it is now if we can tell if it kicks in
look it's now half - holy crap and we're
pre composing now oh my god I think I've
got like about they even focus they've
got like the bad I think it's got like
eight and a half thousand frame summer
made nine thousand frames and that's
just a little stop more bits and then
there's like the video bits before and
after whoo you better watch out
got to ma'am I went with some green tea
with citrus for it's not gonna it's not
gonna make our green tea and citrus for
energy energy and sustenance a few euros
a few euros that's your rose yep so I'm
gonna precompose it now and then I'm
gonna bring her back in and I'm gonna
scrub it we're gonna color grade it I'm
gonna add some audio it's gonna be a
beautiful thing and then hopefully I'm
gonna upload it and Dan I haven't even
edited the vlog ADIZ yet so then I read
a blog but I was trying to get this up
first you know you know that's just the
old unseen glamorous side to life Sunday
mopping it's very cool there isn't it
such a cool little device testing
testing as I see mopping I did a
vacuuming heart with my device there
these are all confused they chase your
one and they run away from my one all
wrapped up for the walkies again get the
gloves on there's hope it snows pay for
snow snow for Joe fuss or or is limited
Novus which it thought was really cool
did it come on oh it's so cool look at
the Sun just like bursting over there
it's on its way down it's on his weight
good night night I'm sorry it's like
what's the thing we have to go
underneath the rope
you know they bang the drums oh and you
have to like go underneath it that's the
game are you doing you like taking me
you taking the offroad you going offroad
come on I know he's just like give
enough he's like going back I should
have enough thing you know that thing
where they go underneath it but the road
where the lines a thing and they're like
uh is it like Jamaican or something like
that crud
speaking of Jamaican I watched the
trailer for this new film that Rihanna's
in and oh my god it looks like probably
like stupid storyline and stuff it's
called battleships it looks amazing I
want I want to make out with it but then
it was like May 2012 I was like oh why
don't you even show a trailer I hate
when they show trailers like way too
early and then you're like like the air
the snow queen 1 whatever that's called
or the hungry the hunted the hunger
games hungry hungry games I'm not sure
but it's like way too early and it's
like don't do that I don't understand I
have no patience like wait
and guess who will win probably seen us
he's like dragging Albie along I'll be
so cute he wouldn't walk or he he
wouldn't run up there because there were
loads of them running there acorns
there's something else
and they were all over the grass so he
wouldn't run there with this was all the
little acorns
boy he's so funny he doesn't like the
feeling of anything on his feet except
for like soft grass that's the only time
when he go run
he doesn't like Bravo he doesn't like
concrete he's such a fusspot you always
been like that but I'll be with his
little feet he hates like pebbly beaches
or anything like that
oh he likes soft sand but what are you
eating the little crazy person I think I
think Cena found something disgusting on
her way down and rolled in it and then
now her hood is covered in yucky stuff
Martin oh no feel wet here
you know turn back yeah this is a good
walk for them though they have plenty of
running room who could L be he's just a
drag do you strike him yeah give him to
me give him to me
come on are we gonna be slowpokes
together all your shame Showtime oh and
it's live I just put up the stop motion
Suites video if you haven't seen it I've
already probably annotated it started a
video I'm just gonna go ahead and
annotate it again there now just in case
you didn't see it cuz I just put it up
and as low as the comments and stuff and
you guys are really liking it so I'm
like yes I'd like to go make your laugh
now I have to render out or edit first
off this recorded or news for today
which everyone started yeah but you know
what do you know what I did get Oh
Saints Row they turn you guys have this
it's supposed to be like Grand Theft
Auto but like way fun look what else you
got it I got some like a professor cat I
got some like cat clothing or something
but it's supposed to be hilarious to go
with that
I decided to go all I got myself 10g
cakes I've already eaten - I didn't need
those - it's just there was two missing
that's what it was they're like the best
tea cakes in the world so tea cakes Plus
this one Sagami work done oh my goodness
because I sucked down this morning at 10
o'clock and start working on the edit
for that I finished that at 10 past six
and I clean the house I did vacuum
banana clean as she says she's a trooper
today and then she's gonna make dinner
choose a card and I'm going to edit the
vlog now so I
and there are loot on YouTube things
they do nothing when they launched it's
a hard craft
did you doing here Sunday okay yeah see
miss dad you say to me why'd you say to
me Dad cuz I look at you cuz I look at
you
Amy yeah
there's no how he's having a look at her
oh snap I love a freshly washed bad oh
nice hey hey we leave the windows open
and then you're blogging and it was easy
and the vlog ADIZ is rendering and i am
installing look how long it takes my
brother texted me because he bought this
today and he said like there's a 20
minute install oh oh wait a second honey
this is eight minutes here for me Oh
move it is there a download as well or
something like that but uh woohoo that's
my reward Wars ah look - Dominique so
sleep is agent either side good good you
know just like mmm I'll be like every
time I stop like rubbing him or anything
he starts to give me a little kick yeah
look at the foot on you look at the foot
ideas over a more words please respond
this isn't character whatever that's
what I'm making for dinner
look what I'm making for dinner and look
what I'm making for dinner
okay good stuff now so I'm making chili
scent sidecar name because I'm not
actually making it with me
ignore the beef part that's not going in
but this is from jamie oliver's website
and alright so these are my ingredients
for my chili
that's a car name wanna see huh huh
how cool is that I have it all laid out
and I'm gonna cook a yummy meal for you
okay so I just instagrammed a picture
and it failed so I will go again
let's go again that's mine by the way
anybody's interested oh my god it failed
again so we have such crap white art
isn't white life I'm never getting a 3G
signal in here some reason are you a
name work so it has to be three yeah so
why is this oh my god I know it because
I wanted to make a picture so that's all
the ingredients that's going in so cool
you know it looks like when I make the
juices for a video yeah it was like so
like yeah I did this all the time I
don't like to lay out my stuff before I
make it it's kind of cool okay
let me train Instagram this upload this
because it keeps failing so somebody
asked me before how do I get my onion to
look so finely chopped and I am like
crap at chopping like I am so bad of it
so what I do for my onion which is
something I learned from my mom is I
actually use one of these mini blender
things so I just chocolate into like
quarters and then pop it in there
because you don't want to put one in
whole or even half cuz it pod won't work
pop them in here and then just blend not
too much otherwise it'll go soggy Wow
look how good this look all the colors
it's so pretty
I am pretty much done
with the chili and now I'm gonna make
the rice that was super easy to do I
basically just added in chickpeas kidney
beans and chopped tomato and then some
balsamic vinegar and what was the other
thing
Oh a little bit more salt that was super
easy at this point if you guys eat meat
you can just add in the minced meat but
that's pretty much it and I think this
will taste just as good hopefully well I
know well for me because I don't really
like you but hopefully I didn't well I
think this is good you know this happy
in that but oh yes and I use one in the
black rice because it's so much easier
and I know it's probably not as like you
know all-natural I don't know I don't
actually know like how can they I'm not
sure what makes it different than
regular rice this is what everything
looks like this is getting a little bit
dry I think you're supposed to add a
little bit water a little bit of water
in there so I might do that but um other
than that everything's perfect and I'm
looking forward to serving it up hey
guys thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just kick that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer gaming
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that likes to
be stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the stolid channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out I act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
Anna ciccone we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where if
it's a community page you can also go to
our friend pages but until our friend
pages fill up because of course a
societies have to be a limited number
all friends thanks again for watching
videos enough see you guys tomorrow
