every single morning I wake up the
coffee machine is cleaned and the filter
has been thrown out and it's all empty
and it's all good to go and it's like by
magic it's obviously Jonathan because
it's not me
but it's so nice that he always thinks
to do that because I always forget and
he always has it done for me and he
never said anything about it he just
kind of does it like no matter what so I
think that's really nice because it kind
of shows us that he cares about me and
she was I care about him because I
always make came coffees and I actually
haven't liked it
I like doing stuff Rachel there isn't
it's nice I think if you have if you
have a husband or a wife or boyfriend
girlfriend it's nice it's like both of
you do different things for each other
you know it just shows that you guys
care about each other in this very nice
breakfast is served
Hydra job meanie bum when you're doing
it there take your vlogedy well that was
a heavy weight have you weight lifted
from your soul I would never use a
coaster forget to use a coaster or in
Ibiza coaster either way coasters are
irrelevant I'm a coaster I call steel I
have why do you have a coaster what's
that present you guys getting an immense
glossy box I am I'm excited yeah you so
excited I just don't say yes so excited
so today being Saturday we're shooting
of Lindsay Oh with the camera I am
are you excited because I'm excited
because I'm not due to claim one yet
because I still need to see something
like I've done some testing and stuff
and then just about had to like people
publish that afterwards and stuff I
wouldn't even bore you it but um an idea
for another one that I wanted to do
which is like doing something completely
different you know and I probably have
not finished in an uploader yet if I
have uh put a link there but there may
not be Lena do not be alarmed if there
is no link there you can stick all
course and watch some other stuff if you
want but you're the one filming day and
it takes quite a long time to edit
stop-motion as I'm sure you know if you
have a roommate stop-motion they gotta
take that just your old problem with
living out of boxes is that I need some
sanity not gonna make a lot of sense
right now but it will make sense at a
later date it's somewhere and there's a
motorbike someone's at me you can stop
on my papa board
there's the philia Franco thingies
there's the top of the camera Italian
Italian stuff now where would I find it
I just have to start here I guess
there's empty frames of my life my life
is an empty frame oh I don't even know
where we're gonna cut to me finding the
salad a found a sellotape to see cut to
me fighting ability already is to up to
thank you you know hyper designers drain
her hair look I didn't install this bad
boy it's the wide-angle HD camera cuz
that the little one in here is okay but
I like this big-ass bad boy
so they notice what would you like
vocalist oh we're like squishy in the
screen Alyssa makeup yo in the screen to
go to this job because I had bought a
box of chocolate cones to use as a prop
in this air video that I'm making right
now but I accidentally did last night
which is totally sucks
and if I've ever if that was like it's
not so much better content it's more
about the Fox as it was that the content
is important so just getting my genes
ready this is my am this is my trick on
a cold day quickly tumble dry jeans for
like a minute or two it just makes the
nice and toasty and warm so we can walk
in that road you like I got a toasty
bump
I got toasty bum you are the boss tumble
dryer jeans the advantage of course of
living really closely shop is that you
can just quickly run downstairs when
they get chocolates bought these I think
that'll be a pretty good to use
and concern zero firewall prong may not
end turmoil
oh yeah so we're getting the punch fat
guys and the Deutsche Mark and the
French franc and the pesetas hopefully
not but there's all these rumors now
that we're all taking a step backwards
what so I'm what's getting some light to
the team ganush Neverland fo snap wonder
whatever this is but it's just their
their brain matter and tah-tah try blima
degli knocks Brunton it presents that's
as presents that's as presents
so yeah let's make some creamy tomato
basil soup what do you think is it like
an it girl parasite which should be the
front side maybe I'll use well that edge
was a bit rough what's the inner side
like oh yeah perfect I know you can kind
of see orchard jelly but when I draw
over it it will look better so you guys
think Jolie's jellies why because that
motion all right
rule of making videos if you have your
own t-shirts always wear them I can't
wait for the new ones to come by that
for the moment it's flashing now does
that mean it's ready oh how do you use
it if you can't touch it
alright hair is done giant plug this
thank you okay what'd you guys think of
my hair it is alive oh my god nice oh I
just can't dance like scowling at the
door it's raining as well in here so
much oh I might use my eyes it was so
funny
oh I'm sorry doesn't look the same until
it's done
so funny I destroyed I love you and see
that and I was like what the hell is
going on and I was like Jonathan then I
was waiting at the stairs for ages
because I didn't want to like ruin the
shot or anything so I didn't know you
were that way
oh I'm so hungry you made it
I bought lunch would you be able to do
it for picks mm-hmm no can I say this is
my ol lair this is my skiing thing or
used to for the bites as well when
you're in the mountains you like ski
town of Athens or it gonna be like a
terrorist right right
oh wait a min terrace that's my money
bank robber is the word but yeah cuz it
is so crows and cold I am wearing snow
apparel look at this he's frozen he's
actually frozen look at him I'll be I'll
be come on scooch scooch scooch oh my
goodness I'm actually wearing gloves as
well and I'm wearing a new hat you know
listen when the new hats not the old hat
because this one's got better
installation the other one but it is so
cause my base is actually but I have
like a frozen face I need to good
another time I need a balaclava or
something like so good I hope you
appreciate this I hope you appreciate
this your little God look at
this massive green area we just found we
never knew about this is so awesome
look at the houses the lights on it's so
cool when you give it up come on let's
go let's go
it wasn't like it cuz I think she sank
did she think did you think no
everybody's attached your ice skates
back on when it snows probably come on
guys let's go really in here Oh use like
a lake over here or something
it's very marshy so that was like
totally rad man shut the door get
ourselves some munchies and the H well
it was a toss-up between meeting crochet
and this
my interests never done this up for one
I did in my portfolio so I thought I'd
make getting something fun where to
start so it always reminds me of my
grandma my grandma is this one Cracker
Barrel when every went to her has she'd
always have Cracker Barrell I heard that
it's like a cheese it's a type of cheese
like when I show we have that like I'm
horny itself think it's my grandma right
listen to me now I want something crispy
I want something fried I want something
full of artificial colorings flavorings
and super producers what have we got no
but pesto flavour crisps holy crap that
kind of fits the bill but I kind of have
my mind set on some extreme well roast
turkey you can't you can't thank you
wait sausage and bacon so I decided to
splurge ad and get Hein again 20 bottle
behind him I don't know it just feels
like instead of that a Christmas thing
to do you know have a couple of beers
you go to my school
hey dogs computer games I just said
what's the thing you do every year I
always like I like to have my fridge
full of like beers and stuff they just
be like I think I'll just have an OB
nurse anymore
I know it's your eyes you have a
Christmas tradition like that join some
food mickey join some food we're here to
feed the cats
but cone we found his momma stylers that
it was in the fridge and I can have it
look savory halloumi oh my god look at a
Duns don't even sell it
Tesco actually make it they have their
own brand of it this is my friend Mickey
maybe Mickey loves me he loves me oh god
oh god okay we have a love-hate
relationship it's complicated okay so
guys today we're having a competition on
the vlogs okay
I just found the most craziest word ever
known to man
if you know what this word means leave
it in the comments below because it is
the craziest word it actually looks like
admit is wit Vogel fluffer is that I
don't know but look at this word here
let's just wait for the macro to kick in
look at that it starts there and goes
all the way on reason flutters up
phezzan MIT vlog in fluffin Friesen
flutter
zap fen reason floor for certain if you
know that means leave it in or look at
the word of they're needed
oh my god ear guns songs flopping Mittal
fleur oh my god the words here are so
wrong if you know a longer word than
that leave it in the description below
pronounce that word then the big huge
crazy one what you think that ruler is
that thing that's just sounds kind of
normal
ok what I do underneath it it's even
longer okay again some footer middle
that's one that's insane would you like
to see a Christmas fridge with all the
beers loads of beers and pineapple
that's a Christmas rage pineapple
pineapple honey hop behind a pop oh hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because that would be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just kick that yellow button
it if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer game
he's also get to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the stylized channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out ackd
Jonathan Joe Lee and of course follow at
aniseh Kony's we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where if
it's a community page you can also go to
our friend pages well until our friend
page is still up because of course a
society that shouldn't be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
