juicy machine haha I was gonna have a
juice you guys are you guys do someone
whenever we like haha bring a few buddy
old pal I was gonna have a quick apple
carrot and pineapple for breckel faster
because we're going to always gonna make
a big mango smoothie thing that I
remembered for going for a big special
lunch today because mama Schuyler and co
are going to Munich tomorrow they go to
the immune of winter market I want to go
to a winter mark what we could have done
but then all this crazy stuff about
moving and stuff is like us too much
it's just too much I tell you but yeah
so we didn't know that we didn't decide
to go but I you know I think it look at
these these crazy things it's like a
packet of handy received a are
handy for juicy people here at juicer
get yourself these because they are
perfect because we just have to give it
a shop and always like yak bags but now
I have an unlimited supply well yeah 20
but 20 is kind of unlimited in terms of
juicing okay okay let's get this bad boy
chop it into it and in your boy hold
your sister of your num-nums hmm so here
we go juice is made nice that's your
anything that's left and of all of that
is this little pineapple and I don't but
don't come also edge of the stickers off
because I was like oh the sticker is add
flavor to the Apple our petroleum is an
early on
it's an orally arm situation but we're
late at the same time Oh argh girl what
you do we get to petroleum yeah we are
we're already see the place we're going
is close to the popos we're like will
drop into the pow pow say hi to how to
the pow pow and then hit the restaurant
but you know we can do we can just do it
backwards you can go to the restaurant
first foremost then to the p.o box I
think I think the p.o box to be okay
with that I think it would be there's
some kind of christmas market or
something like this um it must be
because yeah look it says like very
Christmas and Irish no not all good can
you see that I'm gonna I'm gonna vlog it
while we go around the bend but mom talk
about some red oh yeah I convenient is
that it's so annoying when you really
want to vlog something and then like
something gets in your way of blogging
it or maybe they set green okay all
right i'm gonna show you guys okay the
Sun lightest i'll give you a little
music like 1k dallas and then here is
the i'm guessing this is some kind of a
christmas market or a market that
happens every friday and i just don't
know about it I've actually stopped
we're all the gods where we met in case
you're wondering what this emotional
moment we posit like every day every
week on our way to the p.o box this is
Washington Street by the way in case you
didn't know it's not in Washington no
it's all right so that's really
emotional and then we move on to the
next stage of our life choices choices
there's a meanie guns yeah there's a
letting agency that did not give us our
deposit back even though but we filed
like it complained to me and so we're
apparently taking shower apparently
taking them to court because they're in
the wrong we have a video that proves
that um that were right so searching
sucks for you choices experience well
actually I don't know if we if it'll
even like happen because I guessing
we're on some kind of long list or some
things we haven't heard anything back
for once but oh well at least we kind of
pursued it and did it just you know bow
down yeah what do you guys think of my
new boots actually they're not new
anymore but this is like I think the
first time I ever wore them look I got
them last year um well a few months ago
let's just say huh and they're kind of
weird like the Sun is kind of being
awkward right now but look at where they
are there by lacoste and I got them on
sale so they kind of are like from last
winter I think and they have like almost
like an ice skating kind of designed
them they're kind of cool i like them
you ready you ready Oh what job are you
ready for christmas
oh that's how is that it's really nice
what to say warmest thoughts and best
wishes for a wonderful Christmas and a
very happy new year Jonathan and I'll be
and Cena because oh my god many of you
guys leave me some comments if you guys
do like family pictures come on Oh me
that she did it after seeing my tweet or
the other thing yeah she was like oh my
god it's such a good idea it's like we
did it i sat on it oh and that's like
the cutest you don't have to be a big
family picture thing I sometimes it's
really hard all right oh well then oh
you can see all you can see is the
envelope with her keep our dresses up
there as well the saucony Jolie's I
think the fact is just plain but yeah
it's kind of cute is it White Way isn't
why is nothing to our our YouTube
channel right Oh miss your friends oh
that opportunity to promote yourself
lost in a car back that's my boy edge ah
you sure it's not an emergency exit what
you just like yeah it's like in harry
potter like polenta brick yeah you sure
I know whatever alarm goes off or
something what yeah yeah yeah oh god we
had to sign let it go G ga ga kind of
left with GA I'm really laughter hang
out
freedom oh my god this is so cool look
no rough it is gonna show you on the
phone there today so why is this
restaurant we're supposed to be going to
oh my god I'm sorry I can't blog anymore
i cannot hold my handle anymore I just
found as a rainy vegetarian what is this
what is this look at the cafe parties no
books it's not like I don't like your
normal restaurants to have like a
vegetarian option whatever I've been
chamber so you're not having these are
optional so it's called cafe are you
still haven't you guys been here before
anyporn yeah I saw that it's kind of
cool really yeah famous restaurant yeah
I know and that's why I brought you guys
here that's what I do I got no answer
that's everything in here don't do knock
on stair don't care act normal I don't
eat meat it's horrible you guys look
vegetarian Warner we like vegetarian
water look it doesn't taste the same as
norm order oh you'd know that it's
carrying water doesn't taste quite the
same we just ordered I got pumpkins I
don't know if show me though as I like
I'll kind of act like a president is all
I go can I get leave that Andrew Markey
excuse i gave it full of here's my
pumpkin soup with a meatball wait a
second that's a
ah it's not a meatball what did you get
is that not news I like a new shoe
that's a new celery funky price salary
or something like that all right it's a
deacon what a difference because I a
very weird well apply heathers were a
vegetarian and look to it survey she was
like what would you know you solving the
skin we should be like vegetarian
monstrosity here we got here look look
what I ordered oh I what do you get I
think you got a beef burger when it came
out but it's not is it no is it looks
really good Oh waiting over gene on I
ever got some sort of a party no it
looks like chicken what is that how do
you mean oh my god that I'm so good it
looks like grilled chicken you buy oh
man did I get a good one oh my god guys
I figure today and you guys never happy
haloumi halloumi is like technology it
is Emma have moving or a hug like oh my
god what time I ate it was like chicken
it's actually chicken out from a
vegetarian chicken oh it's amazing
so I get my all my potato stuff but I'm
just gonna go ahead
whoo this will eventually enjoy to crack
flowers flowers
that is unless be censored of it
vegetarian device we really just feel
like I love it or something quite sure
how it works movie black black polish
and now for the reward for all my hard
work all right looks like a ham and
cheese under you got a Humpty so Emma
got a green g 00 cancer forgot out
folder was that hearing movies oh my god
you just you just gone on my foot hop
Nicholas have any warning wrong this is
no beyond I can't pinch me pincher
picture the picture do you add you
picture going off when you blink them
some of this stress thinking I'm really
thin oh I'm not a linkedin I'm not going
to be your business konpai want to be my
business contact businessmen would come
to buy the magic chicken cheese I need
to have some of that it's amazing glulam
hello me how many keys Oh Martha what do
you tell me guys they're supposed to
keep me up a prize of certain
knowledgeable things chicken cheese I
love it here what I don't even know
nurse is to look for though is it a
mushy cheese actual pineapple pineapple
cheese
allegan firm
so many
let out of Adam I want to get a read
oh yes thing oh my god you trigger that
with Christmas tree oh my goodness it is
so cold it is like the coolest it has
ever been in my entire existence if it
does not snow to rain to code she good
one together you know you want let's do
small which put it on top of it we're
standing here cuz it lights here but I'm
if it is not actually snow I swear to
goodness like it is actually just like
toying with us I am so cold I can't even
hold a camera up here guys I'm sorry I
love you hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
jolie and don't forget to like the video
and favorite the video because there
will be ah and if you want to subscribe
to the channel it's totally free there's
no obligation kick that yellow button it
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer gaming
don't forget to check out my Winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like you
start us at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the solid channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out at act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
Anna
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because back where there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course a
specified as externally be a limited
number of friends tense again watch your
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
