welcome to nap blah parties but what is
hot race high-five compadre
so it is a horrible rainy day and it is
dark a 10 o'clock in the morning what's
up with that it's not an enjoyable you
like this little conceptual idea kind of
I hear from somebody else we're all but
that's the downside isn't it you mean
wake up and it's kind of dark like I
know why you should you know what when I
take the night vision goggles away from
this guy here - using that video I
forgot to put them back now it just
looks like we have a head in her book
sure which is emptied all the books are
over mamas trailers but yeah it looks
like hello this is my great-grand papi
does it look like me it does not but I'm
just a small-town girl I went on that
today guys oh yeah Jeanie I oh I am
Ginny are you gonna Coco tomorrow but I
don't think my new t-shirts my hair
petroleum is a no Liam and my Sakana you
only see I don't think they're in yet I
really wanna make a hoodie go cuz I love
wearing hoodies but then I should just
go ahead and get her like you know
little Warner this situation is on me
and all we have Assad someone on Twitter
said to me I'm worth only for the
teachers it is
Ciccone Jodi stop Spreadshirt calm or
daata eak or net and are you sure got
something link is in the description I
think I change the description so their
link is in it I would have put in a
child page but they're all kind of like
crazy now so there's like site links
something like that but um I had a funny
idea for an awesome mom video which
this does take this economy away soft
Saucony for Jonathan and you get this
Jonathan Jolie's this that burn up hero
because there's nothing what it means
but it yeah that's all my other channel
what I want to put a link boom there's
the link okay I'm just gonna do it I'm
shamefully advertising myself because
sell it like I'm selling it what what
did you can you sell yourself out to
yourself then you some sort of a
multi-functional what an ugly disgusting
date and over the last two days it was
actually quite nice you know like I
don't mind when it's cold out I just
hate the rain but yeah it's grey it was
like dark when we woke up it was
horrible but anyways hopefully it's
nicer where you are and hopefully you
know order have snow
yeah snow would be nice because that's
not like well it's wet but it's not wet
way
yay he's gonna go have a look at our car
first where's that dog gone he called
him
Biddy then I run over to guy his dog
he's all like we're like run over his
dog what's up my foot did please who's
government off my foot he shall hold me
down he's gonna mentor my yeah
all right so I'm praying these are
problem with the lights if you could
just you just take it okay he's my new
best friend the summertime you don't
really mind not having lights but in the
wintertime when it's dark all the time
and there is light it's updated anyone
now we have light now we can drive out
to dark oh my god that's awesome all
fixed we're going now they were really
really nice that mechanics he's actually
it's kind of like confusing when I say
it but it makes sense to me so my dad
when he used to work in the university
here his secretary
Aisling is that guy the mechanic there
the that we call a mechanic yeah yeah if
she is his sister so it's their dad's
business and then when their dad passed
away Trevor the guy the mechanic I took
over and the younger brother was there
too so it's all like in the family it's
kind of cool but I felt good because I
felt like I did something that was kind
of
I don't know relate it to my dad in a
way because my dad always went there
because of his secretary Ashley who's
really nice and that's her brother and
we went there and he gave us a little
bit off which was really nice of him so
if you guys like dogs and if you have
problems with your car you should
definitely check them out
it's called tidy mechanics and it's in
court obviously because we're in Cork
but basically it's it's kind of in the
Industrial Estate like pretty much near
the airport if that makes sense to
that'll make sense to those of you that
are better in court but I just wanted to
shout out their business because like
they are really nice people and it's
kind of cool because I got to be with
the dogs when they were talking about
mine's dolphin I've seen this bed they
are cumference
really not a Christmas one because it's
like that's not just a rug we've unique
vet bed huh it's kind of cool thank you
that yeah but you want the arms you got
close isn't it groans go jacket on that
guy
back to the windbreaker oh my god I want
a little more package like okay this is
jumper
No
you believe it's okay
it's so cute you have some really nice
toys here look at this one
he's like a ropes you know like it's
you're not
oh yeah that's we should give her a
Fergus mistake oh yeah bring American
Midwest way
we just did
hello see this and I said that was fake
and it was alight so I stuck my finger
apparently it's not it's my hair crazy
lie to me all night now be editing this
video and I'll know I know right
O'Brien product placement rate why is it
in there I got a green tea and Jonathan
bottom and then
hot italian
who's the only vegetarian he may not
look good shepherd's pie Shepherds
delight and we're sitting here at a New
York backdrop so we decided it was a bad
time we jumped back into the juicing the
pineapples apples mind those jelly
babies
apparently there's a jelly baby smoothie
Rasta faces every time
thank you changing it never get a random
song stuck in your head oh happy days my
tears away I hope you're all clapping oh
happy days you did a bit there don't
happy days recycle oh happy days
what is my tears away you have to start
out like it was like oh she's not going
to be able to sing that you're like oh
no like oh I need to get more confidence
one girl knows so we totally forgot that
it's a family Thursday know how to find
me Friday speaker bins going tonight
guys don't forget to leave comments
remember when the bins go
well yeah apparently it's a family
Thursday so we're having a family dinner
tonight but we totally forgot about it
anywhere in Tesco and Anna's mom has
said like oh can't wait for tonight and
we were like what's that about
so you've got combustion CGI lightning
for 3d 3d game max modelling
deconstructing chemistry yes matches my
animation five pets may afford addition
some graphic design stuff lighting and
rendering digitally may access an H and
I've also gotten these and you guys have
these when you're younger the hunter
tower I loved these books like there are
used to just sit in my room for hours
and hours on end like because each time
you would start the Avenger did give it
the adventure you have to like figure
out all the clues and stuff like that
they were so awesome look he got found
he got found out again guys I think he's
coming to live with you Anna
because she hates it so much oh my god
look he's what he wants a hug thank you
it seems kind of odd I don't think
you're supposed to be here okay so I'm
making Rio tell me with aubergine and
crispy Parmesan topping let me see if I
have enough umph I don't think I do
cross your fingers okay please be a
hundred grams so I'm heating the oil
right now it's a lot of oil actually and
then I'm gonna fry up these and hope
that they don't like explode or
something because well it's a heat the
oil but I think I may have possibly been
boiling it by accident all right so now
the what you call this
eggplant and zucchini is cooked now
let's make it look nice and homely
let's go light ourselves a fire let's
set the house on fire so it looks nice
and homely it's not cool
they're the best things ever bored
nimona fire packs
let's see you just set the pack on fire
come back in a while they'll be a full
blazing fire oh pretty pretty pretty
pretty that's almost done you see but
eventually started moving and then I'll
make a perfect fire it's trees lit up
and fire tonight you're hearing a dog
that asleep in the house is amazing
and the dinner table set with another
candle and white peas
you're busy wow there's having some of
this pin here Facebook's like because
it's crazy because it's a Thursday and
it's just like a family Friday on a
Kirsten you know what for you guys it's
Friday so it's all kind of worked out
yeah it's the first time if you guys get
to watch a family Friday on Friday mo
coming into our house and look at this
vandal she graffiti the wall oh my god
you should I show you should have put
your brother your blog like there
would've been like advertising all in
the background here he's a figure at the
rest it's kind of a pause I do no not
really
oh you'd be starting with yeah it's mine
it's Erica's and you guys have this we
have to go through the shop and get the
cream and the cakes you up this way you
have to wear this one boring one there
we are than Java from the old tool oh my
god it's freezing but we must go for the
geeks cakes that's how we do Keaton
coolness go for the cakes look at the
count of dirt see the can't do I know
he's mad so cool
I'll look for someone there is cream
super young are you shivering
whether you're not wearing a jacket
you're just playing some sort of a kitty
cat thing put the six in here I think
makes you specify the scene is found a
new best friend
everyone's going home time now home time
now oh this is such a good Friday you've
no school tomorrow are ya
cuz it's Friday oh hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation you just click
that yellow button hey you'd be really
kind of person that likes who likes a
bit of computer gaming don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that likes to be stylish at
all times don't forget to check out
anna's the stolid channel if you want to
keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out I act Jonathan
Jolie
and of course follow at Anna's
Koni we also have a Facebook page where
you can post your pictures or you can
just basically put anything you want
down there because that corner is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
