I cannot believe 200 so far where is it
come on
228 likes zero dislikes isn't that
freaking awesome macro look at that
isn't that awesome - 28 - zero
oh my god have you sent it to someone
click on the link put the link like a
big big big black and it's so cool oh my
god I couldn't believe that I kind of
cleaned remove it because I needed to
set up this bad boy to pull it at them
say your this it's important to get
your foot this and also you want to pull
it a little bit because you kind of want
to get this out of focus it's important
to get that out of focus so when you set
cameras up with your back lighting
system if you just it'll be a nice thing
nice things are made of what are you
doing he's singing a scented music song
I believe I am but um thank you very
much guys for their awesomeness and love
what do you think filmed a video on the
Korres party survival kit which is all
over the place right now yeah it looks
like an awesome here I need to clean up
um and now we're gonna take a pic pics
have you seen this isn't this so cute
it's seen as little Scandinavian looking
what would we call this
it was supposed to be a coat
then my mom got it from the Galway
Christmas market and she was so upset
because the woman convinced tried to
convince her that that size would be
okay which I don't know like is that me
when thinking of like teacup dogs or
something because that jacket is very
small and I'll be in seen our small
Maltese like they're not even I've seen
big Maltese that's heart you know that
are bigger than them I've seen small
like teacup sized dogs so maybe that's
what she was thinking off but definitely
it did not fit her in this in the sense
of like a coat but it fits her as like a
little kind of white would you call it
like a shrug or something um so we're
still gonna use it like my mom is so
upset because she can't exchange it or
anything so it was like the only one
there and it was at like a market stalls
it does fit like around her body it just
doesn't fit like all the way down like
lengthways so she wears it as like a
little shrug or like a little cardigan
it's very like oh how cute is that how
could that woman have thought like
seriously did she think we were like I
don't know we had a little ferret or a
rat or something but it's very cute like
it's kind of that um why'd you call that
print called fair isle or far isles far
I'm not sure it always reminds me of
like Scandinavia good come on oh my
goodness look at a beautiful sunshine
you jump right it's actually raining you
probably don't realize because it's so
sunny but is actually raining right now
as well as pleasant as it might be
described in this particular video
Pleasant walkies in we're gonna get your
walkies walkies we get the crazies so
this kind of refrain stuff is quite
heavy it almost has the consistency of
dare I say no
Wow it's a rainbow
speaking of awesome did you guys hear
about a planet that's habitable did you
guys hear about that there's like a
water on a new planet that's like I
think it's like 30 light years away
what's up my which is which is quite a
lot or is it 300 years the way something
would a tree in a zero may have two
zeros boy yeah he's not crazy I have a
little planet with water on the same day
we discovered the biggest black holes
ever made me and I think they're made so
two giant black holes six hundred times
the size of our Sun kind in the way of
going to the new planet but I'm how
awesome would that be huh
thank you fake a world of a cane a new
planet knees wanna go fake a many plants
a family plan say let's go water in it I
really didn't have a life there's also
two giant black holes though are you
yeah I don't want to move again what do
you think get away from that come on
there's a grass eater okay I think I
have a new little friend me this is him
here just didn't test you out to them
here I gave me a little dog as well what
do you guys think of them isn't it
really cute
what's your doggy now is nearly cool
like a little
I don't I take you to much better
because I don't spoil the when the video
comes out but it needs to awesome that's
when I just been put on Facebook there
this is also to make you see rocking out
while I'm making
we got collected to go for dinner are we
excited Bartlett's darkness has come
home as house almost how slipped under
step oh my house Harry's at the door
waiting my man oh and look at this
monstrosity oh yeah what's in a falafel
is it like a waffle chickpea what is
everything of chickpeas exactly like
chickpea paradise this was in a tree
today
but did I seen that come on thunk you
seen them
Staceyann cocina don't you want to be
sandy Cena oh it's good if there's a
slow-mo that I will play it now
can you even see you there can't even
see Nikolas there and he was in it
wowsers oh my god it's completely out of
focus though not a second wait for it oh
my goodness is so awesome I love all the
little yellow lights it's so
cool-looking stars stars something like
that we think that's all that's on it
there's any decorations it's just like
all the lights isn't that so cool oh my
goodness
that's this guy walking about who are
you who are you somebody okay let's take
a look Nikolas hello Nicholas hello
Nicholas mmm-hmm
it's so nice in there it's such a
picture of crap it's picturesque of
Christmas for all the books and stuff
like that oh my goodness it's so nice
the fresh laundry the couch the TV
hey did you get a new what do you think
Emma make us not what you should eat
after you have a huge operation in your
Mountain what's been chucked it have you
ever had pesto video hear me he's
amazing
pesto mixed in with potato this is a
pointless video because she's not doing
it she might do it again guys look at
Cena what she's doing she was climbing
in there and licking all the knives and
forks because they have
look at her you're so bold you're so
brazen look she's like what are you
doing he's gonna get in no oh my god
seeing that she's such a fraud
Cena has taken it a step further and is
now in the dishwasher hi Cena what are
you doing you okay there like that pork
it's because I have pork tonight and I
never cooked meat like that and it was
roast pork so she's trying to get to the
dish that it was in okay let's go bye I
put this together when I put that up
there
it's the first time in a new house that
I'm actually playing I bet it's gonna be
really different nope you can see how
far away I am look at this master I need
to figure that away it is
although the M the bloody controller
that coke diet product placement it
sponsor product placement that's what it
look like it yeah look at the way the
cable is because the things were dead
and so is he at all and all my
controllers are dead because they've all
been sitting in boxes for ages but um I
got some Christmas cake from the diet
coke Cola which I don't normally drink
but for some reason we got six cans of
coke the other day by mistake we didn't
go by to take the guy just like gave us
a big bag of six cans of coke wid some
other food that we got like this M feels
like an Indian or something like that
and I was questioning the whole time
right I just talked it took ignite okay
I'm gonna enjoy that so yeah I don't
really drink yeah man fizzy drinks at
all but um why not
so am ya gonna play a bitter play with
brofist here on a Christmas Eve night
was a bitch you what's up with you oh my
goodness that was a good night with a
good meal speaking of good night good
night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Zaccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because that would be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer game you
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that likes to
be stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the style that i
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at and ciccone
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
societies it shouldn't be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
