oh wow hi guys didn't see that what the
hell is this what's this
what was this punished in my closet so
we didn't that's not full day oh my god
got it damn like what the hell how do
they look remotely like the rest we'll
take it and gold cause it's not really
taking I'll be in Tina for a walk yeah I
hope bobby pins in here Polly not just
oh come here
little bobby pin I swear I buy like
thousands of these and then they all go
missing every single time let's see if
we're gonna fix my hair now yeah so I
wear again I have to spend the whole day
curling or straightening it I wear up I
have sent a whole day putting bobby pins
and because it's so pins what seriously
do any of you guys have this problem
where you have really thick hair and no
matter what it does like you always have
common times they do this being like oh
ho you've such nice hair I'm like why
don't you just it just looks that way
because I've spent like an hour styling
it or something but seriously it's not
easy hair to manage so we're gonna go
for a walk I think I might soon be
lashes for your face shape video because
I think that it would be really
interesting because it was a class that
I took in makeup college school whatever
beauty school and it's really
interesting because it's all of it like
watt lashes suit your face shape and
your eye shape and everything like that
and like suit your features like for
example I sue my face shape
looks better with something very simple
like these whisper whereas somebody who
is like somebody with a heart shaped
face would suit something like this
because the they kind of come out at the
sides and then somebody was like an oval
face shape would suit something like
this it's kind of like it's it's I'll
explain it in my video and they do them
on the stuff so you're probably all the
guys watching this pretty like oh my god
this is no boring but yeah I wanted to
do that because I think it's just really
interesting I love like body shapes face
shapes reasons why I think certain
things work and others don't
so so today is day two of our little
stop-motion project which is turning
into a lot bigger than expected so today
what I'm gonna try and do is I might
have gonna do the intro the middle and
the end maybe thinking like what is it
joy joking it'll make sense for this
done so you need hundreds of scarves I
think I'm gonna vacuum and make sure the
floor is super clean that's why he may
not be happy when I destroyed her dress
but yeah oh yes I'm also need to sort
this room out oh my god I hate it every
time a command but I know he could
probably started stuff in there but it's
like oh no Cena you see why fur
now okay guys come on no you here just
like massive valiant will do this how
awesome is that that is so awesome
yeah I like how he lives I like it
it's nice we have no idea what we're
going no we're trying to figure out if
there's some sort of a loop that will
bring us back to our house come on oh my
goodness someone needs to call Super
Mario Brothers check this out
washing is that a little sighs it it's
so cool there's not a big one there no
mushrooms for you guys walking my dog
walking my dog my walking my walking my
dog I'm a dog costume at all I'm walking
I'm walking my dog there's my wife and
my conjured up back in my or walking the
dog please look at the tail I can he's
part of our team now he's part of the
family Xena
we always making new friends wherever we
go we'll call you Marley - okay okay
Marley - that's your name Marley - okay
day two and the stop mo ho ho shoot now
how would I get a ton of scarfs
oh look how works out well all right
we decided - laughs I'll be in here
because he's usually quite good he'll
just sit around all asleep but too
wrapped up in here so I can play some
music because I feel like I was in a car
crash or something yesterday oh my god
every bone I think it's during their
process
you get so tense and suffered a lot
which makes this a lot harder because
it's kind of its kind of like a workout
making this pile here
this is the first one you're gonna use
here get a little air
damien rice and Lisa Hanlon plane that's
the kind of mood I'm in alright you have
to be quiet
oh crap the battery actually died I have
like a battery pack thing that I
actually died to so I hope that when you
see the video this will make sense but
no at this point I actually am my
battery dies so I have a church over
here one of them have the other one in
the camera hopefully enough to get it
get it know that I'm part of it done out
but nicely a lot of hard work hope it's
worth it
look at these simulation ovens freezing
I'm having one of those days you know
you just feel kind of a bit like annoyed
irritated with everything like my hair
this morning
it's no crosby so I'm so enjoyed as well
you don't even wait a bit I'm annoyed
that fresh on hold but I'm annoyed I
just I want to start cooking more like I
just I feel like you know what the
reason why I don't like cooking is
because everything I cook is crap and
then because I don't like I don't know
that doesn't make any sense does it
but seriously like okay here's what I
want to say I've organized my thoughts
now I can say it but I feel like when I
cook for just me and Jonathan Jonathan
and me I just kind of don't put that
much effort into it because it's only
two of us so I'm like whatever so I use
something out of a jar actually
sometimes I don't do that sometimes I
just do it myself but I kind of like put
it together myself and I don't know how
clear what I'm doing I have no idea I
like baking because baking you get the
set amounts
and everything is always like just so
and then you put it together and it
makes exactly what it's supposed to make
whereas it you know it's more organized
whereas cooking it's like a little bit
of this a little bit I hate that hey
that I just want to be given a list of
things to do and do them and then it
turns out right and usually when I hope
for a bigger group of people like is
it's finally Friday or something I put
way more effort in and I usually love
what I make but the problem is that I
don't like the taste of the things that
I make just kind of half-ass you know
like for Jonathan and me because I'm not
putting great ingredients and I'm just
kind of like doing whatever or like it's
out of a jar or whatever
whereas when I'm cooking for a large
group of people I actually generally I
like the end result because I'm using a
cookbook
you know I'm following your rules which
I need to do as a person like I need
like rules and like structure and stuff
like I'm kind of weird like that so I
just respond better to that so it helps
when I have kind of an organized format
of what I have to do and like clear
instructions and like whatever and I'm
just not a big like you know a little
bit here a little bit there and then
taste and kind of modify it I can't do
that so what I'm saying is like I'd like
to have a balance where I don't need up
TweetDeck everything you're eating a
potato music but anyways I would like a
balance where I don't feel like I have
to prepare elaborate meals like
something really fancy which I don't do
so fancy book you know like what I mean
you don't I mean um and then not kind of
half as either I just want something in
the middle which isn't like super fancy
but isn't like crap either so guys we
definitely live in a safe area that's
for sure because somebody left the car
unlocked all night long and all day long
is you haven't used the car at all today
until now and it was not stolen oh I
just jumped into the car I was like it
was a
test I was just in a test yeah I think
in my crazy state yesterday we got home
and I think I was thinking correctly you
guys ever do one of these things like
you take so little beads and stuff it's
kind of cool a little diamond system
they're kind of cool though if you want
to be our crafty give your crafty friend
of crafty peasant for a crafty person if
you're a crafty person you want to
present and you don't a Christmas tree
care and that's like the perfect thing
to go
that's like just exactly Elvis
those people anything to do it's like
Kumasi father isn't fair enough oh my
god that is scary
oh my god that's a rejection
okay looks like looks really scary a
scary claws oh yeah he's cute that's
cute Santa Claus
a little careless about that reduce it
and pray for batteries in the round the
manger for the crib really yeah I reckon
that's probably big enough where it is
that dangerous and stuff like this guy
in the band
bird passing isn't oh is it
bird bath and beyond he's too I wasn't
mind having so Anna's gonna go on vocal
all a hundred lonesome cuz I was kind on
my own yesterday and now it's Girl Talk
time you want some girl talk
let me ask you in here and that's new to
this forget the two little babies over
there okay
case you're wondering where the vlog was
yesterday and I didn't make this up look
look look look we are currently in
read-only mode read-only mode but look
at the new upload page holy pants holy
plans I want to press that button also I
don't know if I've uploaded this yet but
I am did you guys see my video who do
you love answer in the comments under
this video did you guys see that yet
it's my gosh I think it's awesome and he
is really cool I love it I love it too
like it wanted to would I hope it's off
by now I just don't know I just don't
know sometimes with me um hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation just kick that
yellow button if you'd be the kind of
person that likes who likes a bit of
computer game he's also get to check out
my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are
maybe or a gentleman that like these
status at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the stolid channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out at Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
saucony
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course A's for
societies it can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
