did you like that that's what I got to
when you're not here I just danced
around like it doesn't see my dancer
Sandman she's getting some pictures off
the old on computer whoa whoa welcome to
the world you know it's amazing this
does not work because I do not have too
little connector things this is what I
have to do right get down here all right
click on this one type without keyboard
Thank You Microsoft for inventing this
technology apply then we get the
keyboard go password then we type it in
just like that
so finally my favorite t-shirt doesn't
hit me because I want it is for ages
look right on the app my god oh god oh
god like the petroleum let me just wait
for the macro wait for the Mac I said
that the petroleum is no Liam and they
so cool haha I've ordered this one here
cuz I love it I love the color of it too
I see you guys won but isn't it so
awesome it's so cool I love it love it
oh well yeah that's awesome so we are
taking the Christmas card picture right
now and we decided that like loving
parents that we are we're not actually
gonna be in our Christmas card this year
we're gonna just put lb and Cena
because I think a picture of the floor
of us a good picture before of us is
probably gonna be too hard to get so
instead we're gonna try and get a really
good and nice one of Albie and Cena oh
no our little s'mores this was from
Lauren Thank You Lauren and I have to
show you guys cuz Lauren gave us that
did you show Albie Encinas bones as well
yeah yeah so Lauren got us the s'mores
for our first Christmas decoration she
got us the Albie decoration and the Cena
won that's so cute
and Lauren's from New York I think yes
New York Oh so thank you Lauren and then
I also got from Amy who lives in Ireland
I show you this she's got us I'm not
sure now if it's a goat a camel or a cow
I think my being Kyle I'm not sorry
but anyways look what she did she got us
um a farm animal so we don't know which
one I'm guessing it's either like a
Campbell ago or a house a home for a
family I think yeah poor family harmony
stricken family in well okay it says in
the developing world so obviously it's
just a really poor family that needs it
um and she made a donation to bow hair
which is this organization an Irish
organization so thank you so much Amy
that's such a cool present so if any of
you guys are first of all we don't
expect presents from anybody let me just
make that clear but um if any of you
guys were thinking of like sending us
something like you don't need to send us
anything obviously we love getting your
letters
and cards and stuff with ups that's all
you ever need isn't like you don't need
it then as a gift or anything like that
Christmas like please don't feel like
you have to but if you really really
want to and you know you have like all
this money to throw around or something
maybe make a donation to I would love
that if you could make the donation to
pause or like an animal organization or
even or something like this where you
give an animal to a poor family or just
maybe make a donation to somebody that
is in media instead of giving us stuff
because we really don't need anything so
we appreciate all of your cards and
everything like that and your presence
but we don't need anything
this Christmas at all like Johnson and I
were even talking to each other we were
like I don't need anything from you this
Christmas like literally I don't I don't
know what you should get me or what I
should get him because we honestly don't
need anything we kind of have everything
we need so I don't even know what we're
gonna get into they're probably just
something small and then or something
that like I don't know something small
that we really want maybe for the house
I don't know so you know the way they
say never work with animals or children
they're onto something but it was all
worth it look what we got for the micro
to kick in
Oh No look attitude cutie Pie's huh you
so cute no I was so difficult
oh my goodness do you know what that ami
Kenny can I have that can I have that
he's so good she's like no time wasting
it all straight into it I just could I
need you today and I was thinking about
it and I thought I'm gonna give it a go
for making this em and sort of animation
video with clothes I think it laughs I
think would be kind of cool it'll either
work or it won't work so but does work
awesome if it doesn't work I think I
need to be tweaked it but em let's see
what works first that's kind of funny
though isn't it can you figure out what
just a girl which is the guy or did
love each other
Oh a couple of hundred frames in and I
am sweating but it's kind of cool like
did this is the group of girls they just
walked past and this over here is the
love of his life he's about to meet her
I am sweat oh my god it's so much work
so we are going to get Ricky Diggs some
tickets to the disco and apparently they
only sell them at a very specific time
and in a very specific place and they
sell out very quickly which is kind of
ridiculous if you think about it why
would you only sell tickets at a certain
time in a certain place where no one can
get you because like everyone's probably
in school right about now but she has
called in the cavalry because she's in
Galway so now we're gonna step up and
get those tickets or maybe not get those
tickets I don't know because I have to
go to the dentist eo5 so I gotta leave
there in about half four which isn't
about half an hour so it's got to be
tricky to try and satisfy everybody you
know but I am we will prevail to achieve
our set goal and then I think asana show
you the money for the tickets 20 euros a
ticket to the disco that's the disco
tickets the hardcore gang are there
squash they're waiting in the rain
waiting in the rain see if you can just
push the rain enjoy
oh goodness goodness I cannot believe it
it's 20 euros though for ticket yeah I
know you think crazy isn't it I remember
paying in a five or something definitely
thank you
five five shillings in about overdoing
is were watching the parents right see
won't he just like bypass everybody
here's the window where the tail is and
there's no one at it no yeah she's back
she's back she's back to make it she had
so much confidence she's like strolled
past gonna like get out of the way
go get the tickets lads boom denied this
is crazy this is crazy how do parents do
today do you do this kind of thing for
your children you wait in the car you go
get somebody
Cena's taller than you Alvey look guys
can you see that I can actually see
cousin sitting down look right there
I'm not gonna zoom in because apparently
the camera shuts off when you zoom in
which is kind of scary I asked him if
you wanted to bring Albie and see you
know me but I don't think there live
although I think the the vet the dentist
would probably like to see them because
they've heard so much about them but you
know because it's a not a health place
would you go out like a surgical place I
don't think you can have animals inside
because you might have Jeremy knows
except you don't have any germs few guys
don't have any germs sometimes they eat
wheat germ
so poor Little Joe has had his wisdom
teeth out what the hell I remember I had
mine it was so painful well I didn't go
to a very good dentist though mmm now we
found this one who's way better there's
like zero pains but um oh my god like
because he had no way of contact or he
did but he was in surgery so I had no
idea I was wondering I was like feeling
take an hour that's kind of a long time
so long surgery probably can't see
anything with Jonathan's mouth is full
of blood right now for jokes leave
comments telling yo this but
feel better soon because I know how
horrible like when I had my wisdom teeth
taken out my thing got infected and that
was even so pooped it's like the drain
is I like the pulling this of the
toothless and my blood is just pouring
out I have no idea how vampires like
Twilight himself drink blood all the
time because it's disgusting
blood is disgusting if somebody should
tell I don't know it's not very nice
maybe you can put like seasoning or
something on it to make it taste better
work blood does not taste nice in the
slightest and I have like no energy and
I'm just like I'm just like drifting off
here they don't cut it I love Lizzie
from the lack of like stuff that they
put in you make you feel better but then
you don't feel better when they put the
stuff in it to make you feel better so
it's kind of an odd situation to be in
because this ain't I'm gonna make it
better but then it doesn't make it
better and then you don't feel better
because afterwards it's not better but
then I suppose it is better
notice I mean there's no on my mouth I
know it's knowing am I able to do but
like you know my name backwards is not
not can Roger nothing knows he's so
weird we all like addressed ourselves by
backwards names and his name will be is
like multifunctional name oh my god what
are the names are multifunctional
if you have a multifunctional name that
goes one way and goes the other way oh
my god it's so weird huh I think that's
a multifunctional thing why are we why I
just like tweeted backwards for God I
was just saying that Twitter I'm the
video I just put up what's up seeing
that Alvey patandjill and I know your
name is oh maybe she doesn't know did
you know your name backwards is your
name forwards yeah that's amazing for me
there are stupid rules they're not for
real people
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just take that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer game you
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like
she's stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's
nostalgia channel if you want to keep up
to date with twitter don't forget to
check me out at Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow at aniseh ponies we also
have a Facebook page where you can post
your pictures or you can just basically
put anything you want down there because
that's where there's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages well
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook society
affectionately bear limited number of
friends thanks again for watching videos
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
