you guys going to be good you need to
look after Erica okay bye fine what you
not even dress sister are you looking
after Erica whoo we'll see you later can
you guys later
have fun paint us room up
life is coming on the adventure Jim
London to see the OB this is my driver
just when you thought is a hill journey
look at this I see Utley over San
Francisco she was tiny well pump oh my
god five miles an hour went over it
slowly I know they're very i bumpy bumps
the different heights around my birthday
for one a alligator party and a better
party and have a party you look kind of
terrified with the elevator party I just
like oops is a man there Porto are back
in the elevator party to caution
passionately oh oh
next next Buddy Holly Notestine oh right
oh yeah another party elevator party hey
have a baby party remember
new girl in elevator I walk as we do me
go to Italy elevator party expose okay
jimena honey and that Cory is confused
that's range and it's a dream wish it
was like keeping I wanted yeah yeah yeah
I know I know when we made the joke
someone actually leprechaun when we said
like all Alessia hasn't even been to the
basement but she's been to San Francisco
she three paces which the disturbances
go that's pretty good going pretty good
go for your age little traveler
tinytraveller how is it because if it
doesn't stop right here I'm not getting
Amish
oh oh oh now now I refuse you this is
honesty welcome to George a service
companies Korres repertory anonymous oil
those are our cosmos between 2020 will
be doing except for the full coach
assistant another league coach number
four
next time on a service to be quiet
tell you guys a gigabyte we're at London
people we are you ready
Alessia for Victoria she featured a
third you did all right mrs. this is
Magoo
you know wasn't we got to follow these
things now you must learn make sure
looking for anyone here that was always
doing like disappeared remain little
joke oh now we're lost
oh you say yeah okay that's his first
time first time in the office we'll have
to get a new cover to the last year to
make that way okay young the kids up if
you look like babies for Jessica forced
me to bring LSD she's asleep
okay hello it is yeah like we back in
temperatures do again wake up tomorrow
yeah Bernie travels yeah how was the
flight with hypothermia was amazing
means just looking at this clotted cream
million
great photograph is that like the same
effect no it looks like a big boob I'm
gonna get it she laughs what the heck no
but there is another time we were there
well gin-clear an gonna fix us right
there mom mom I'm just telling ya I
think I can just tell
I on the other hand gosh you know what
every color for that name versus sorbet
everyone else oh oh you had nothing
nothing at all extra healthy
we're in stoplight
Rancho gradual of back on screen of the
waiting did you know my name did you
have a fun name is available for nearest
you
you
so thinking about that perfect creative
everybody knows me and you know Sakana
yep you're having suffered to feel
different if I might have for age where
we want to tell an immediate party she
will t be able to have tsunami is party
couldn't we go to Toronto or something
but we cool is like legend she had like
tomato like convenient and remediate
this matter
yeah yeah she won't eat to Adams a
comedian
eight three eight months Joey's crawling
her with her $9.99 her browsers closures
look at what are you going to eat
what's gonna be your thing
Hockman free you go via clotted cream
baby it's your favorite food will be
entitled you can purchase yeah arcade
hair does not grow yeah you can
definitely just like three square
yes she didn't have company I know you
guys can even see that in it
Amelia has like this biggest eyelashes
take $1 mom yeah I think it was my
athlete I think they generally just look
really really different and in real life
I mean the kids just really different in
realizing it works right what people see
in my video versus what they look like
in real life I have to keep they look
different and you be seated right
this year we're going on a book tour
engine like do my dream assertable
compare okay come along here actually
bridge I know
come along buckle brachii bring in Oscar
literally all the children are coming
and this exactly ensure sorry the darg
on coming you should come and then you
finally can see all of us realized deep
like hey tiny back today like I am so
thinking you to get behind you stood
there like a real person today malls oh
yeah come under book to our friends come
meet us
and make your main if you sleep yourself
that is actually four foot tall
we want to be
oh you're looking at the end of their
train just robot
maybe scary movie scary
my
hello Eduardo how did you guys miss us
what did you do with Erica today Harry
put Valerie you put brownies Mosers Wow
tradition we biggie you ate the biggest
one you're the poet editor did you miss
mommy daddy who did you miss more mommy
or daddy
what really yes yes
what oh geez
ah they're very political Politico
oh my goodness what are you doing no no
no oh well Milligan bath time special
hair up in a bun pajama shorts on time
special in my bathroom
hot running I feel like every blog ends
like this or like features apart like
this in it let me distract just water is
an acceptable level of so Jonathan is
just dropping Eric have the station
there's me catch me another thing I'm
like delirious right this morning the
kids came in and woke the baby up at
quarter past 6:00 huh I was amazing is
the baby sleeping here tonight but yet
the kids are waking her up anyway yeah
hi
and yeah woke know why whoa whoa cat
like three and four and
- groupies really hates me please
collect all muttering I don't be
consumed with it I've already done that
it doesn't have one if you want a lot of
people not even that many people like
I've seen a few comments lately saying
that I don't spend any time with my
other two kids that I only spend time
with Alessia I remember yeah good girl
I'm going to set the temperature and I
just wanted to address it I know it's
stupid and I know it comes the majority
of people don't feel that way or don't
think that because it's like doesn't
make any sense
but I've just seen some currents being
like you've gotten really rooted - -
that's really nice oh yeah I just want
to let you guys know that the only
reason I don't feel that hey when
they're all here is because I'm too busy
being a mom so like that's the reason
I'll pick up the camera when it's just
me an arrest yet because it's very high
bitrate I still call mm-hmm it's perfect
but when I've got all three it's just
madness mayhem and I find it hard to
divide my attention between the three
equally and Farrelly's I'm not going to
get my camera
oh you look beautiful no really other
games No so that's the reason why you
probably don't see me with the tree it
doesn't mean that I don't I don't film
it cause it's just chaotic and then when
there's no more exciting - yeah rocking
the scene gets I believe arrest and
holding and boom
right now is it do you want to get
undressed Amelia and then you can go in
your back during school term time their
bedtime is at 7:00 but I think because
it's a summer holidays I think this is
the problem and this is why they can get
arrested
maybe okay hey Raja
s20 naked and extra after day week on so
can you now I'm not sure mean yeah let's
get it slow okay
is it a lot of cats could raise it is it
a shake that's not good family comes it
to I wasn't 10 I think we're going to
change their best time to eight and sort
of seven just for summer for today I
think I keep breaking up a little
because they're not doing my structured
activities like how they were rule so I
think we're going to trial that at night
and see what happens because them waking
up singles not fun
Oh
you
