I have done nothing today what I've done
understand him but think I've blogged at
all today and it's already twenty past
three and the Sun is the kammath valid
and has taken over Chavez so guys I was
busy all day zero because for a is I
wanted to get this done but it just
needed a desk you know but I wanted to
get this done okay for the UM to have a
shop so it's at the Saucony Jolie's wait
for the wait
Ciccone Jody's got spreadsheet daata eak
I'm gonna put our comm whatever and then
I put like you guys t-shirts and like
awesome mom t-shirts and like Saucony
joy t-shirts and there is like
thirty-one products what the way we did
it last time it was awesome at all it
was I customized and we touched it and
felt it but like I couldn't get the
sizes and the results a problem this way
you can buy any size any color plus the
other company that I use mass and not
the ones that we eBay that the other
ones and they're just so expensive you
know and I was that going gosh darn it I
don't want think I'm not meeting I don't
wanna make any money from this I just
want to like have this as an option for
people at my wanna wear t-shirt good
ideas like so I like you too just like
zero on it like just so making this
cheap as possible so this this company
here as Spreadshirt they let me make it
as cheap as chips chips you can buy
chips before you can buy a t-shirt or
shirt or pulling it or hoodie or toy or
cup or apron or jacket or you can buy
everything you want you can buy
everything thank you do you guys enjoy
my crazy video thing their response is
pretty good maybe I should make like
crazy videos on I wanna say is you might
say that I will do it you're not a kind
of adjusting nut
say nothing because then it might
actually happen you know but why is it
you know what happen so that's my new is
my new technique my new trick tricksters
let's go see what else
he's up to and inside this sunny Sunday
that's not sunny at all is the quota
Christmas she's at my Christmas tree my
Christmas tree Christmas trees to learn
as fantastic information might be but
you are what you up to under sunny
Sunday the Supper a sunny clear spot is
this clear your spots
oh yeah go get some of them hey guys
welcome in yeah we pop any poppin Z Mary
Poppins e very part of Z okay suddenly
it's a silly Sunday it's a sloppy silly
sleazy Sunday it's not nothing happened
nothing nothing one of those number last
night we lit the fire I was amazing
it was the most amazing experience of my
adult life i sat here oh my god oh my I
can make love
did you smell up that Christmas tree I
love that Christmas tree go don't pause
this video right now if you have a
Christmas tree in the vicinity
run to that Christmas tree smell it I
will wait here I will leave what's going
on here what seems to be a what seems to
be the problem
hmm license and registration oh god I
think I - well yeah smell a Christmas
tree smell of Christmas tree and an
embrace the loved one and watch a good
show you watch a fun show and set up the
fire and we had a Christmas dream but
you see this is hideous right I've spent
ages putting all of these on the
Christmas tree she decided that she
would want them because she wanted all
these like personal ones which I get it
because it actually looks nice but all
they like em little personal stuff you
know it's kind of cool and stuff but I
would you mind do you mind
do you even mind do you have any money
means you don't they don't they don't
understand do you understand do you
understand
hey today fix it for ya for I think
that's how it works where is it white
everything so difficult
oh hey it was a loon the only thing
today that's dangerous is that one
no I'm kind of different you got the
bunny one you got the shotty I see what
is here I'm doing
I'm saving them up I'm saving them all
another 24th I don't have 24 pieces of
chocolate oh yeah Christmas Eve
Christmas Eve is going to be this is
going to happen
are you excited for that day oh yeah I'm
pretty happy for that are you waking up
for me too I know I'm sorry I'm sorry
carry on carry on if you guys want to
see what I want to add today you can
just go in and check out the video you
uploading that today not sure check out
the style diet each about how awesome to
start about and you can see because
she's doing anything what are you doing
they're like crazy people today oh my
goodness oh goodness sake I can't see
undercard
this is what it looks like right now
we can see it all the only other option
is to have a window open but that's not
an option because it's too cool
so it's actually gotten a lot colder I
wonder well it's snow
no job is Canada's annoyed at me because
he's like not
like that because I was the only person
he was included that yes
we have
I will I promise keep pretending ready
every back for Bobo in about 35 minutes
yeah I'm late yeah I don't know what
happens though we vocals you're late
like I said a shameful thing I don't
know like I logged in and then I was
going to just leave it now I was like
whatever like turns on the camera and
everything I don't know what it does so
I might just start up but he just feel
like telling me that without being crazy
albian see now have son
sold
privileges in the house they got the
whole house - we're hoping they won't go
upstairs they didn't even race on
upstairs and shut all the doors on but
now since they've been here we've had no
accidents and it's not the only thing
that has happened once or twice is Albee
will PE will not even pee with probably
will mark
yeah on the tiles never the wooden
floors and never the carpet
so everybody please cross your fingers
because if we get home and we let them
usually we leave them in the kitchen
which is just void and trials and
there was never anything most times
there's nothing sometimes there'll be a
little bit on the tiles just sort of
marking
how against give an ad to you
whatever but nothing on the carpet
something I thought they just went for a
walk so they have full privileges of the
whole house they how they would work
yeah they really want to kind of my my
now house or they want to mind the
couches that's where they like to sit
and it's just warm and cozy and
everything that's nicer than being just
kitchen so we're being really nice and
we let them have that and we're hoping
that they won't go upstairs on the
landing or anything disasters and if
they do really need to go that they'll
go on the tiles well I don't think like
CNN has not done I only just got back
from a big walk yeah so we're keep your
fingers fast because I'm hoping that
this will be okay and then in the future
we can use them in the sitting room and
it's not a problem so the nurse craft
Albion Sina are good oh yeah but that's
fair you guys look what's back I got the
flu from the fluff got the thing the two
of them put on us it's not so cool I
found them in morning two boxes plus I
was able to actually quit them this time
so they actually fit better on the way
they don't so they actually get better
on the camera before it was a little
like sort of an egg so I was like
pushing up but now they fit perfectly
perfectly so it's almost I think it's
time to buy Christmas cake snow star
what's snow star what's your favorite
Christmas thing to have is it like
pudding
it's like Christmas camp there's like
two pigs a snow star mince process
custard whoa I didn't think mince pies
could actually get better and favorite
they actually did just get better
festive bakewell's
let's just take it off what is this I
love this I don't know what it is though
frosty snow star what a foxy snow star
we get Franciso stars you don't like
dosa you know spies flake bestest I bet
you are good get yourself a dog for a
start it's always a time like this me
like I wish it had a kid oh so I could
buy him look it's gingerbread house okay
the gingerbread house and make your own
ornament thing and it's so cool then you
guys want to send your kids don't work
just for the evening so we can like help
to make gingerbread houses I'll try and
get all the Encinal is that one cake Oh
Gutenberg gluten or that in case you're
thinking that I wasn't here on time for
Vogel I was but the laptop is acting the
clown wouldn't another thing and then I
was telling me that my battery watch
wattage is not conducive to the flux
capacitor or something like that I don't
know but I was actually made it on time
it's not my fault I'm late so I was on
Vogel which I was later wait wait no
stop stop
hos oh my god wait what were you doing
so anyway I'm Vogel wait for it better
hey and hold going on here hey we have
learners in so long
forget blogtv forget about blogtv forget
about it it's old its olden day all
schools oh yeah ah yeah hope you guys
had an awesome all guy oh god it's all
out of focus now it's all and the macro
has kicked in
there has been a bit of a macro
situation right we gotta skedaddle
because I gotta upload so why am I stuck
why am i selling oh wait I can I'm
actually talking to myself okay bye
oh you know what time it is yes inside
are you picking them off and giving them
to the dog look at this oh my god
it's some special gourmet range you jel
are you jealous
are you gallows
well you're not jealous cuz you're
eating it oh is it tasty scene you've
ever had
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah and
if you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
click that yellow button hey if you're
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like be status
at all times don't forget to check out
anna's the stolid channel if you want to
keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out at Jonathan Jolie
and of course follow at
Koni we also have a Facebook page where
you can post your pictures or you can
just basically put anything you want
down there because that pointer is it's
a community page can also go to our
friend pages until our friend pages
still love the killing for our Facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos I'll see you guys
tomorrow
