okay choir mom is over in their studio
mm-hmm let's go night mom what look city
nice isn't it it's more something I've
seen on Twitter yes sir I said in the
video yesterday the hashtag Snowbird
yokas and I started I couldn't be so
fully you actually made a trend I know
oh my god like you guys are like awesome
cuz look how long it gets
pull it across here um like everybody's
like actually like tweeting it which is
like awesome you know it's right so
funny right because what I'm doing is
that I just keep back
I'll keep retweeting and somebody tweets
it cuz I just watch it it's probably
annoying a crap I'd offer people that
follow me because we keep getting
everywhere to tweets but it would be so
funny like to trend and then I was
thinking like I was just sitting here at
daydreamin and I thought oh my god it's
so I just don't like such a funny idea
for like a little like 30-second video
that I could stick up on my Jonathan
Jody channel and if I did put it up the
link is here click on it watch it love
it like it favorite it'd be so funny to
get that video to like you know favorite
or whatever like what do you think do
you think you like to like it I think
it's most likes or something or
favorites or something
they get something like the front page
or something I think that was the trend
like would to be funny really when
this about stopping for jovis right I'm
gonna make the video which camera okay
all right I need to get like more shells
or something maybe like a white shelving
unit but where I put it
to be honest kind of maybe I don't know
first thing I'd like into the couch as
well or like a little chair like frisky
not it would be so cute so I'm just
editing my video and anyway I have
nothing oh man that's it you look like
dad right now but yeah it's so cute it
gets so toasty it like very quickly when
I put the heating on but then it's
freezing when the getting's not on so
I'm kind of like keep carrying it off
and turning it on and I just answered a
bunch of emails so if you got it a
response from me yesterday that's why so
I'm gonna do I have like red marks all
over my head a little bit not so much
I'm wearing the back 10 layers of
clothing it makes sense if you saw the
video if you didn't don't forget to
check out the video I have no idea
what's gonna work out enough when it was
fun to make it wasn't it well they
weren't fun cuz they kept barking it's
not like the bogs guys we have to go
action and cut in silence I know you
actually eating the hanger
do you know mom found you eating a
hanger mom will kill you she would turn
you into some sort of a salami mmm you
want to see a sneak preview of something
that's gonna be featured on my blog it
is how cool is that it's by um caress of
course I think it's karez and it's party
survival kit for Christmas so you get
like all these cool things you get like
chewing gum and like
get just all these things that you would
need if you like you know I had a late
night at a party you're like stayed over
at somebody's hasn't even have all your
essential is there like I makeup remover
you know like hydrating creams and like
body gel and my koala can itself so I
forgot to eat lunch again just so
annoying I hate when that happens
because then it kind of messes up your
like plot criminal food fuck I know but
so I'm just quickly frying up some tofu
who's not not much in the head which
means I don't have like not watching the
fridge the times are just huge and
everything so I'm just bringing up some
tofu is gonna put it in some bread I'm
just have like a quick sandwich before
we have to go out tonight hunt we are
going to my sister's will like my mom
says don't mind my rocky chopped onions
but I was putting them up in a hurry
they're just gonna fry them up I got
some leftover tofu niceness
yummy yummy thanks for letting me have
your leftovers I think Anna and Emma are
forcing me to be a vegetarian because
we're going over to Emma's house which
is kind of like all my house but home is
in Galway so we're going over to mo mass
house I'm on my yes Mama's a Mama's it's
no put your first hashtag the amount of
times people tweeted at today it's like
unreal you guys are awesome
keep it up keep it up imagine action I
think that it definitely will not put
like imagine we actually made something
trend it would be like so awesome very
cool what are you some sort of
synchronized swimmer would I would it -
the swimming part to synchronize to
synchronize it around the grounder
attack that Stoia with an addict oh no
attack back annek with a still around
get off their peepees almost bp's
amethyst look he's almost invisible
sense every time I'm up here and I come
around the corner and I'm greeted with
this I smile I smile my heart smiles my
life smiles at me look at that oh yeah
forgot to tell you about these little
crazy things ha that's so cute it's like
marshmallows on a bed of like chocolate
oh and I think it's like a s'more or
something she also sent one for Albie
and Cena quite hell is it order
oh I can't get that back Hannah's gonna
kill me oh my god fuck you where was the
ambience Dean I wanna look isn't it so
cute
where's the I'll be one where she I'll
be one uh-huh that's so cute
missile
that was a special Christmas awesome mom
isn't it so awesome now look at our tree
oh god it makes me so happy makes me
smile from here
hashtag snow for Jonas oh the Emma's we
go today Emma's we go we have to get em
cream goodness see misaki's this is like
a pub or something across there and
you've seen us is like the yeah
the pub talk is she you know how am I
supposed to wing you anywhere this must
be like when you have crying children
you want to beat them to that but then
you know that you'll probably regret it
afterwards would you make come on
chickpea hmm recipes on her channel
banner Channel
thank you say it like this she does use
me for hard fazool Oh
chickpea Ezra and it's like the chicken
inside the pea the heaven works oh I
like being here and having munchies but
we were rudely interrupted by Emma's
friend Emily he just texted her oh Emily
what house is Emma baby what is this
that's chocolate
it's not is it look at that matched
imagine watching watching my team a team
a my bad cheese but I'm gonna Navy what
sort of gray and I paired it with a
slight blue and it's got a waterfall
effects as you see here okay just crazy
what is it is a walnut what is it then
they don't like walnuts pecan pie
whatever it's tasty
I mean can't you see how it looks kinda
like toffee that's a toughy asked to it
no mm-hmm fuck it was made I actually am
I was gonna show you this day today but
I forgot it's made of these things
Libby's solid pumpkin pack hundred
percent natural mama Schneider order
these from Amazon I think online because
in I think only in America something
that's what do you use them
Libby's pumpkins it is pumpkins it's
very shadow in here you cut it open like
this it's like a big tomato you split
the white stuff is the white stuff to
stuff you eat and then you eat
everything in sight persimmons a smoky
situation get your finger on my tongue
Oh what darkness and Joey calm I'm Jonah
on my snow video
hashtag snow for Joe but ya know what
not that what is that
oh my god that's the thing from the
University there's some testing that's
like four years ago or something
Oh Emma doesn't have to use YouTube the
coca-cola does not know let's go :
it's over guys I ran in Claire the
holidays are coming there's a common
myth fears go Oh Cena Oh where's Abby
let me just trap him in there all the
cats Oh disruptive inside all the cats
okay well we're off home on a Jolly
trolley
hey look it's advange day to tomorrow so
the second one has to be lit so ever we
don't end up here tomorrow which is
today for you guys I'm happy Advent Day
week - what are you - more advents for
Christmas you excited for them because I
was just looking on my facebook and Judy
Thompson put a photo on my facebook of
it snowing so it's snowing or two years
and I hope you're enjoying that's not a
you know but am i society
my sister-in-law's but it wants to be on
this vlog after all oh no first time
ever I'm going to show you my sister do
it that's Emma they're not the little
right this is the different experience
after dinner and then go for a hike home
this is the thing about going downhill
while going downhill is enjoyable and
fun at some point you were going to have
to go back up that hill and that is not
as much fun okay I got the Griswold film
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation
we're gonna watch that now and it's not
so excited because she thinks I'm making
her watching an old and make us also
looking for a worm or in its logo what
is it oh okay because I think one of the
Daleks brought a worm into the house or
something like that
wait you true it at me and now it's lost
and she's know where it is okay so if
you didn't throw it at me we don't know
where it was because there's no tree to
signal for some reason I get a cheesy
signal so I decided I'm gonna make a
fire okay let me just like to match see
if I can do this while vlogging Oh God
what didn't work out let's try again no
no I'm gonna use it and use it I is it
fire case you're wondering this is a
fire packet just wondering what the hell
am i setting on fire here boy gosh poor
cow with the magnetic gas board nimona
board nimona
here we go alright
Luzi fuckers there we go I will check
back later and I will see what that's
like oh my god is this bring back
memories and a fire burning and the
Christmas tree light and the loved one
over there hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation just click that
yellow button it if you're the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer game he's also get to check out
my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a baby or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where it is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of our Facebook
society section or maybe a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos enough see you guys
tomorrow
