I am expecting you Oh president that
would give me a present right now
attached to it we can't afford it
anymore
I haven't philosophy you to tell me any
information or I will pull you over this
bed last night
you must not good morning welcome to
news so what'd you guys think of the new
YouTube isn't that so cool I really like
it there are all the things I was like
it's like my feed um there's okay let's
video but yeah I think it's really cool
so it's finally Friday guys which means
that um because we have a working stove
and everything and we can cook again we
can actually you can actually have
family Fridays again so that's kind of
cool and um today the only thing is
though my mom and my youngest sister are
going to visit my grandmother my OMA so
they're actually here this Friday but my
sister emma is so she's gonna come up
walk up because we can walk to each
other it's like totally cool kind of
tidied up we went on I think some of my
OCD and this rubbed off on Jonathan
because we went on this like total
cleaning spree last night and we just
cleaned everything and tidied everything
and now Jonathan study is a bit of a
dumping ground and so it's mine but no
he look nice no but um we managed to do
it so um let me show you okay I cleaned
that because that was filthy from the
move
don't need our books everything here's
oh I got my Christmas candle what is it
called winter wonderland I got my
Christmas lantern which is really cute
yeah we did a fire last night it was
really nice
- and too late because I'd already
finished mmm loggin yeah we might do it
tonight
and then there's my cushion from my mom
and what else Oh a set this up really
nice to see I mean that's cute
and then obviously we tidied this this
was a gift actually a wedding gift that
we got from Jonathan's family it's from
his aunt and how nice is it like it's so
nice so I'm gonna have to put some
flowers in there and then I have my
little Christmas plate as well which
just has keys in it for now so yeah I'm
gonna be happy oh and then we have our
little Christmas towel and Dyson you
need to open your heart to open 9 can
you find two - oh cool workshop it oh my
God he's like saving them all up this
goodness gracious it is so cold I have
the heating thing jacked on and
everything I'm like oh my god
if it's gonna be this call I expect some
frickin snow all right I will put up
with this coldness but snow for Chavez
hashtag slow for Chavez let's make a
trend folks maybe maybe the snow people
would be like let's make it happen boys
got a point
the boy needs a snow I've got everything
I got my house team I got my broadband
which is pretty hard okay wait it's a
hot wife so we are going to get some
money and then to see if you have either
it's the same place winter last year to
get the Christmas tree real I know we'll
put fake decorations on a real tree
in real life
three that's interesting you just gonna
hop her buddy yeah the trees
yeah instead of hover around
oh it's let's dish it out this what's
this oh I've made a smoothie thing or a
juicing in like a week or so I can't
wait to get the juice none to go again
yeah carrots such a list your listeners
now what is that well tonight fauna yeah
yeah lots of better up there yeah I'm
with him in the dark and I think we took
the first tree we saw as well oh my god
behold the ocean of trees oh my God look
at all oh my God look they're just
arriving thank you it's so cool
alright god it's like behind-the-scenes
guys this is how the trees end up here
oh you want a non shed is it nobody cute
little red tree in the middle it's so
cool
no one's kind of like a holes in it
look at this big area here I know you
can find the perfect tree I will find
the perfect you look at that one there
decorators I know that's fake he's
dragging it away now to wrap it up first
you want to write in a distance got
oranges in it I could make a good juice
out of that one it's over do you know
Holly one other thing I'm so cute I
think
this stuff was light stuff right here
this is so exciting
oh god the car smells no yeah it smells
so good and it's a we've got a non shed
like seven foot tree it's really big and
it's like very full-bodied and stuff and
this year we were his last year we just
went in real it was like a yeah it was
our first time buying like a proper like
Christmas tree we'd had small ones
before but never like a big one so we
just went in and we're like ah whatever
and the guys like that was very easy and
it's got a problem yeah I have it like
ridden it - like to-do list or whatever
and they have like get white wine from
Mom's hands it sounds like we're like
growing up watch TV thus it new we've
got a Christmas tree we got a bottle of
wine no but it sounds like I'm just kind
of alcohol easily sneak the wine out of
my mom why she cuz it's so big and I
came out of the car it's so cool
Christmassy he no stealing alcohol for
Mom no we were given a weight and you
know who know this you know my friend
Fiona Barrett she's always on Facebook I
think she owns an off license it'd be a
bit too late now to answer me but which
one should we take Fiona that would be
great I just call you on my imaginary
telephone read that one on sparkling
wine no this one's already opened how
much do you need exactly just take the
open book said I was piggy I'm here she
is a big tree I have to get her in here
thinking they're just proper understand
she should probably be easier I know why
she's a she but she's a she all right
you big fella yeah big Heffalump
Christmas tree in tow but the standing
right now I just need to move it to its
designated area it's so perfect
it's weird that it's all like enclosed
in something but I suppose that's the
way it's supposed to stay all right okay
neat look how perfect it fits there the
distance is perfect just to put a little
thing up there and it's right by the
window as well so all the onlookers can
have a little peep in whoo nice treat
sir why thank you very much I do to you
to you I do look at it bulging out I'm
eating too much pie I mean too much pie
okay so it's not bigger than we thought
but opening up and you guys see ya you
know National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation you see that no you bring the
Christmas tree in and they're like oh
wow it's so perfect never he's like I
just cut it open it turns out it's like
20 feet tall and like 30 feet wide the
entire city was like oh like squirrels
in it and everything like that mom we're
like cut it open come on Clark Clark is
well now it's the lights see this kids
this is why last year I took the time to
do this correctly so this sir this
wouldn't happen all right so this what
happened because you know the end up
with a massive fall yeah I know this is
actually am because I used to be a
lifeguard this is their this is how you
tie your lifeguard ropes so that they're
super easy if you see whoa there's a
Christmas tree you turn the lights boom
we'd have that Christmas tree lit up
sneaky snack yeah guys it's Cena's first
Christmas oh well actually it's her
second Christmas technically because why
is the micro are no offense what looks
kind of messy
it doesn't messy to return an onion and
then you can organize I can't see oh
ain't just leave it on plane for now
otherwise it might get a bit
no that's light up slowly crazy that's
relaxing yeah I think that's it
unless that's the one that buzz yeah
yeah it's always the trigger I hate that
one like that
hey does that one that one that one one
just for today oh yeah my life so if you
if it just makes it for me that way
you had decorations we are really low
with the decorations yeah I know of a
couple of them like most of us bought
but there's a couple of little unique
ones in there yeah the mushroom patch to
get Super Mario brother 1 oh I tell you
I am getting good at this what do you
guys think isn't it so cool thank you
the chef all works this time around
isn't it so cool looking ship anyway
that was gonna completely mess that up
it's so nice and pretty pretty and white
pretty and white you like everything
actually works is that gonna fall apart
so we ended up having a teeny tiny
little family Friday today we've little
sis drama they're vegetarian lasagna
yeah got a name ever happened to Taylor
Dona I know what you guys are excited
for it cuz it's vegetarian I say to Anna
she's like a proper housewife with a
little apron on I kept clean as this
plus her was waiting for Tom nail for
the visio it's been a hectic video today
the video today my video they just stay
in general we hit a serious situation
there was no queen for the minutes pass
that is not acceptable is it Nina that
calls for a midnight is the Finch they
are very they are kind of like step you
steps step these steps
William cream pies hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
ah and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
it if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer
gaming don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like to be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's the style
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out i act jonathan jolie and of
course follow at anna Saucony
we also have a facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you'll also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course dates but
society section or maybe unlimited
number of friends thanks again watch
your videos not see you guys tomorrow
hey there's no obligation you just click
that yellow button you'd be the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
still love the cousin flora stays for
society that can only be a limited
number Oh friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
