let's start the month of chocolate for
breakfast every day dear that's
arraigned won't come out Turner so far
so good morrow good morrow it's tomorrow
time good morrow in turn out the videos
yeah get me some breakfast mmm you'll
have some toast so too i'm sorry i'm
gonna try am gonna try have a manuka
with nutella menu kiss i suppose every
day for breakfast or for a week and see
if makes a difference because you know
i'm trying to add supersonic malukas
little room no me about i must suck
afford a better life i'm a sucker for
the better life i even did the juicing
every day for months now and i said
before that I've he joins you am I ages
ago we got sent these paintings from
someone um only me I'm on the pill box
Pope we never had a place where you put
them up but let me put it up in our
kitchen and you put the other one up
over there Buffalo's other places like
you've got a spot here in a spot there
so I'm gonna get some artwork some works
of art we have honest you know and I
made for Anna but I didn't put that
number study like I'm sure what to put
their mrs. Rosen throated places to put
art by liking the walls are kind of film
which nice things nice i just really
like that painting don't you everything
I wanted to say guys I was thinking
about this to you today and I was like
maybe I'll do this in December's
remember the wedding and we had this
like count and timer thing to the
wedding here I'm gonna do jaron gonna do
boom look what i just did oh my god it's
24 days to christmas
oh we're going French your shopping hey
we're gonna get some friend dirt the
first I'm gonna get my desk in my chair
apply study okay I can't sing obviously
okay otherwise I would be a famous pops
it obviously haha anyways so I made a
list check it twice I knew you were
gonna say that haha my name is naughty
or nice Go Fish bosses coming to town
okay he videos you when you're sleepy
okay if it hears you and your ok so I
took some notes you know well actually
no I made a list like wedding list
I'm like the queen of making lists or
are there rosemary I make lists it
doesn't matter if I get things done
enough but still make them is just like
Santa Claus so here we go
alright so it's all done in pencil
because we don't have any pens where is
so weird like how do you not have a pen
I have a pen tool and photoshop the most
important is we need to get a shoe rack
because
want to get like a shoe ride for just
the hallway like where you can just set
your shoes that when you come in any
severus no you don't you have a pair of
Jonathan this is what Jonathan does ok
this is what Jonathan he buys about five
pairs of slippers a year because he
decides after he's so weird with
Footwear even your socks remember last
time last time diesels oh I hear ya i
know they're the only shoes that you've
actually like sometimes he'll just
decide he doesn't like shoes anymore and
he'll just like not wear them anymore
and then they'll end up getting thrown
at next time we move that's what happens
so he's very strange about socks and
stuff like he used to steal my socks
until I gave him like four pairs so that
he would stop and then um what else dude
it's so what you have just a weird thing
about Footwear so he buys slippers and
then he wears them for a while and then
he decides they're old and he wants a
new pair like you got a pair of fat face
how many pair of shoes do you own you
got a pair of fat face burning last year
for Christmas they're obviously in one
of those you know and then got hotter
you get all your big eyes I was like why
aren't you just because I'm suitcases
where's all your clothes hanging up an
award you wearing all my clothes in
flight feedback yeah kind of hillbilly
back road in this back mid back you just
missed it but we got the desk in the
chair just that but it wasn't very
exciting I can't tempt the Christmas I
just started one of them as well uh yeah
it's not as dense though you know be
like you think do I hear we're gonna go
fig three
like super dense super awesome you know
like the absolutely definitive perfect
Christmas tree yeah otherwise you might
as well go real oh they're really cool
we need them for next time we move you
also need some disco dice your home
isn't a Greek to you have disco guys hey
what's that a little steps step stool
it's kind of cool bring in the step
stool okay so am this is like for the
world's smallest kitchen sighs that it's
so cute it's party for like an egg or
something is it a milk pan it's so cute
looking like a mini mocha so the good
people at the Sequoias charity jofa's
charity have decided to offer me disc
wonderful desk device it isn't here it's
it's Fred it's a unique to unique find
because it's actually from a university
so it's actually really good quality
desk of course we'd love this desk here
and all these box he's sturdy do you
guys want to see how awesome and amazing
dad was like at this time I'll sneak
peek awesome come on the door isn't that
so awesome my goodness that'll make you
proud I will make you proud oh my god I
don't believe I got that and the stairs
on my own because it's like proper metal
like it's so super heavy but what office
is doing is such a loser but I love you
but my wifey Willard so it kind of
neighborly me across the rows has
decided to offer us use of her vehicle
and she's awesome which means we can
move to bookshelves and the desks which
is
she named a person thank you very much
on that shits gonna happen but we
decided we're gonna have a quick can't
get this off what have you done to my
quiche oh my goodness it's falling too
i'm just gonna wait here and watch and
see if it all works out Oh should I help
so here's the tip for it whatever
clothes company that is don't put your
quiche in a wooden thingy cuz I had to
try and take it out and all kind of
broke around the edges oh my god I'm so
who's your tastes good oh it tastes just
the same but I look hilarious mr. David
you got all this stuff oh the
bookshelves and stones in the bike see
if he can sneak out in here only tune
got ahead of us oh god where's only like
two seconds of the road but still it's
brilliant Duncan's it suggests and then
the bookshelves and everything like well
god this is a big deal and the ramps up
here as well Oh God oh yeah that's why I
wanted to be behind oh my god hilarious
you saw this yesterday don't worry we're
trained professionals who now desks is a
chair look ooh colourmatch been to a
chair nice yes and then this is her desk
over here do ya na polite because she's
from Naples I got a building is my began
roughly tough and we got a bookshelf
here ok remember to bring all that up
stairs Oh need some books tell buddy
look nice there isn't it yeah awesome
let me show you guys my desk because I
prank I brought it upstairs is it yes oh
isn't that cool so cool there's nothing
else in the room so it doesn't know guys
cool his Anna's chant hail old stuff
isn't it awesome ah come in here now Oh
like a businessman I need to make
business decisions aha my netgear Rooter
that'll help me in my business decisions
ok and what you know what they say huh
slow and steady wins the race there are
a carload of Junkanoo punks you can't
even see thats too dark but a let's head
home EO guys home yo haha I'm gonna home
you own a okay hold on I just finished
doing the dishes there we go everything
is clean and put away and put loads of
way in here and it looks kind of messy
right now but that's because that's kind
of the only cupboard i have for that
kind of thing and then that's the only
food one and i put all our dishes in
there then I've got the book shelf over
there there's still boxes and boxes
shoes and a random whatever that is
beauty player I've no idea alvey's
innocent spots he knows in her to the
spot oh I got a new cushion from my mom
and it's so cute it's a Christmas
cushion look how cute it is was little
reindeer and it's red and brown so it
matches because this room color is kind
of brown so we need a lamp for right
there but we're getting our Christmas
tree so that will kind of fill that
space and then we need a picture for
their picture for there may be one for
their i'm not sure but it's such a lot
of work moving like oh my god and then
do you want to see something really cool
what Jonathan did for me my chair for my
study isn't that so cool it's just plain
white I didn't want a rolling chair like
a wheelie chair he's making my um what
is this cold don't worry my desk right
now is it easy as one two tree oh it's
easy as 123 how about your partner not
that that's an annoying life yeah thank
you for making my white dad and then I'm
gonna put all my stuff in and I'm going
to put um i'm gonna i think i got to put
the desk here right here so i can look
it there and there and carol be here and
then I'm gonna maybe get oh I need to
have my picture maybe I'll hang that
there cuz that's a little bit too huh oh
it's just there was a hook already there
and look my calendar from Sam and Jay oh
god it's all in focus but it's really
nice look what I did yesterday did I
show you this I can't remember I don't
think so all my scarves I have so much
closet space now that I could afford to
do that so um and then oh those are our
new lamps but you can't actually see it
right now
weird um can you see that it's like um
kind of a champagne color it looks
yellow right now but it's kind of
champagne with little crystals in high
Cena you getting up to bed good girl so
pile of clothes their pile of clothes
here there's a laundry basket this is
our bathroom wanna see nothing really
new here oh yeah I got this and I got
this little bath mat and one perfume
that's pretty much it in there oh and
look this is so cool what's with the egg
wait here this is the blue bathroom I
hung you guys a bit and look I got a
blue soap very matchy-matchy and then
what I was looking for today but I
couldn't find were you know those
plastic um what you call them baskets
but like they're not launch of astok
baskets they're like mini mini mini
laundry baskets because I wanted to
shower hot press is so big I wanted to
put them in here and like put all of our
socks and underwear and everything so
they'll be toasty that was Archie Joe
fyssas idea right your friends men I'm
good ideas they do take notes ladies do
you were you at least make dinner
already I mean like in two SEC's you
just wash your drawer gonna hold I want
a whole thing dangle I was just checking
before I think in it you know and look
how nice you look when you wear jeans oh
my god to do this picture are they all
in one pair of jeans knows me I'm very
busy goodbye let's go let's go Freddie
walking down the stairs again or service
together they were here Oh Rosie hey
this is my space hi everything oh my
jiggly jiggly goodness
what have we got here lady whoo this is
a vegetarian one but look a little
better chicken for Dobis you don't have
to eat the chill after those feta cheese
no looks yeah crunch I'll eat it Pauline
anything Kobe just about anything if you
put it in front of me mm-hmm just a
pretty good look at us cooking because
cooking huh cooking food why was it
roomies this little tired tired little
puff puff puff up higher well first
thing in December and I think it went
pretty darn good and wonder what the
second day in December is gonna be like
cheated tomorrow to find out hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah and if you want
to subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation you just
click that yellow button it if you're
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my Winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the solid channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out on act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
Anna saucony we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where is
it's a community page can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course a sponsor
ciders it's going to be a limited number
of friends thanks again watch your
videos now see you guys tomorrow
