hello and welcome to my homie oh can I
spend the night the Pesci Oh someday
soon I will eat you up
Lindt chocolate oh oh oh goodness me and
the nice coffee this morning I don't
want me out
it's so nice we actually sat here last
night we watch mmm
television ec we do is we look at you
take computer
so everything's I didn't mean streamed
out or downloaded or something like that
so that's awesome my little bear here is
enjoying himself yeah ah then open your
stairs and ZZZ which I'm gonna hopefully
try and get a office desk or something
today
look at these two little scoundrels
xenian zooming look at them they're so
cute
guys wanna see something like really
really cool now this is something that
you know we didn't have this kind of
luxury in our last house but like check
this out like whoa what is that please
ignore my own makeup face okay I know
it's gross but I'm in this is so cool
like I actually got it over at Clovis is
now some of you guys are playing like
what a losers you see it's in there
but it's a light-up mirror so it's got a
wide attack on micro I don't know but
anyways so it's got like a light around
it but it's a white light so it's
perfect for doing
oh I need to go to boot sir
cuz I'm calling or one of those places
cuz I need to get like that's thought
stuff cuz I'm out but anyways that's
totally percent points um so I'm gonna
do a knee open here the first
and it's cool lighting as well because
of the blue you know who actually told
me that it's kind of obvious like it's
kind of like a no-brainer but my
grandmother told me not my OMA because
she was like she asked me what card
lights lit a question so many people
have asked me what colors you back
through but she hasn't Oakland my
bathroom was and I was like oh it's blue
and then um she said that Oh her hair
would look more gray in my bathroom
because her bathroom is yellow and she
was telling me that she always thinks
that her hair isn't so great but then
when she goes to other people's
bathrooms I don't know why she was
telling you this but when you go to
other people's bathrooms which are
usually blue because blue I guess is
kind of like you know the color of
bathroom is generally she always is
surprised
which is like my god my hair is more
great so anyways that's just a little
tidbit of information about my mother so
I swear you can't wait and she's
upstairs but we decided to invoke that
slippers upstairs because it's nice and
white property okay I never did a shot
nothing here and I am a hungry epilim
phone is these days I believe I put it
here I did it is there telephony
telephone air all right how amazing is
this okay so scratch that I could if I
wanted to watch it is shop but as you
can tell stormy rain is not very
pleasant it is not a pleasant situation
to be it's a no Liam walkie oma walk Oh
Liam we have not used this devices soap
oh god I fell apart we've not used the
Manfrotto in so long good trunk because
we have been using the other car zero so
guys you guys looking forward to another
drive one of these days have you missed
the driving music or have you taught
like oh thank God you got stopped doing
that because it's so annoying it really
really gets in my goat you've got an
oven it gives you a lot more options
before if you like or whatever I can
like just eat raw cook things this is so
awesome I know this is so silly because
it's just like I'm just cooking
something but oh my goodness
it is so nice to be able to do this like
it is such early I decided to go with a
chicken soup and decided to make myself
an old chicken and veg soup that's my
first endeavor on my cooking my cooking
experience is so good guys you fight
like what is that what is that smell
it's gas guy there's a flame a fiery
flame of gas eNOS this is the life of
Riley got my soup watching some Top Gear
that I'm even working how it is working
this is so cool oh my God we're like
real people
we're going to get some furniture now as
we need to get a desk forgotten and we
need to get it little just for me
possibly a little bit because
doesn't have one but three that I think
we don't really mean anything babies and
plus it doesn't fit anything big fun
several phrases throughout the book for
example you might read the very thought
of finding his friends may jingle want
to thing then you would hear jingle
saying will not hear this rewarding
again once you remove the tab huh since
the instructions and once you unhook
them Drive about Christmasy this places
all right
god it's so Chris machine
jeez there's the question for today guys
when do you put up your Christmas tree
because I said on Facebook today we
always put it up on my parents you
always see them I think it was like the
8th of December to May to january think
it's like that's me they're both holy
days but when do you put up your
Christmas tree let us know my god look
like Coca Cola bear someone's too busy
I'm gonna be busy over here that's nice
as a Christmas tree
hey that's like our catch I don't like
these things cubbyholes
no ok guys if you can just come with me
I'll show you what we found right now I
ain't crazy defend this which is really
nice right
this thing here we go wind it and
there's only one obviously I'm gonna
give it to you I'm a nice person
oh my god but am yeah so that kind of
sucks
unless I can find something better I
said if you don't already would annoy
but just cuz no one else comes no one
else is awesome that comes like that
becomes really made that's a plus B plus
yes yeah mirror on the wall who's the
prettiest of them all lighthouse me
amazing guys like him are the brave ones
I think we go these I just think they'll
make more light you know sitting there
yeah but a big one I think it big
freestanding
a large one for me with it would it
dimmer lights and a toaster doesn't so
we didn't end up with any furniture but
we got some nice fancy lamps all right
this is a right place guys like this
that's actually really nice function
alpha stage it's really nice and then it
says simple that was the one sighs there
was one often that was a bigger one than
that okay so this is the right place
look at this I hate to break the arrow
and like no we're not room
it's really nice is actually similar to
baby hot though
should-should i get their home this is
what yeah look at this little battery
with mirrors and lamp super cute though
we went to the health food truck because
I got some tofu and Jonathan got manuka
honey so if you guys have any
suggestions for how to eat tofu because
I have no idea but a couple of people
told me that I should eat more tofu Nair
that I'm vegetarian but yeah so look
what I got in the health food shop I got
a chickpea feta salad
YUM didn't have lunch today I forgot
well we didn't have any booth at home
and then Jonathan went to the shop news
like he's like I'm gonna give us a nice
lunch but he went to me got chicken and
vegetable soup because he forgot that I
was vegetarian and he came home and I
was like is there meat net and he was
like
and then he got really upset he was like
I feel I'm like but it's okay I just
have this now and I'm really hungry and
I'm holding it it's gonna hit me so I'm
sweet you didn't okay I always when
you're starting to feel awful ooh the
best thing to do is get yourself some
medicine LEM sips and get yourself a ton
of manuka I think I went for 15 plus it
Sam that cost like a million euros for
just that little tub of 15 plus manuka
but I'm put her into bread and just
drink loads of medicine and try and beat
it because I'm just last few days I am
just feeling so like oh my god I like
never get sick though but every now and
again the Factor catches up me we also
decided to ask splash out I'm better
selves a ton of filters they also cost
everything we bought today costing money
you're so pretty isn't it really cute
look
hello duck one that's no one ah
hey wifey get the work eh you know the
flash isn't for you all the new stuff we
got new moms you know look at Hanalei
she kind of set this place up over here
with the lamp it's not cool isn't it so
pretty and it's so nice oh you know what
else like that guys check this out right
this is gonna be our treat for later and
you can see it later on look what I got
cause it's like a real old fireplace
look at this thing actual instant real
fire whoa it's supposed to last for
three hours you just basically think you
just set the bag on fire so mine applet
I will eventually strive to get
ourselves like branches or something I
don't know turf make a turf fire but
tonight I'm feeling so sick I was like
why I just like I have a big open fire
in our new house I see we can sit down
come watch a nice move we are a few
shows together I think
gonna cook a nice big stir-fry or
something and everything I've learned
everything the way straight up
she went straight in come on sure show
me come on good boy
her injured webs wasn't working well I
don't wonder this I'll give him a call
tomorrow but Diablo 2 and down to 0.25
so that's like two three-hour uploads so
forget that for a packet of crisps so I
fully intended on I'm cooking tonight
and I know that you guys are not gonna
believe me you're gonna be like yeah
right you never cook you specific you
never cook you don't light anything but
aren't you looking forward to cooking
because I haven't been able as close as
he didn't have a working stove so I was
actually important to it and even posted
on Facebook I was like I'm really
looking forward to cooking tonight you
know I was going to make a
non-vegetarian and a vegetarian option
so I had and I bought all the materials
that I needed and then we came here to
upload and to pick up some more stuff
and my mom was like oh dinner's ready
why don't you just stay in like okay but
I think it's because she actually likes
well I know she was this she likes
cooking and she likes cooking for us so
and I like her food so I'm not gonna say
no and we can use the other stuff
tomorrow
beep beep Jonathan you're in the way my
don't please this thank you so we're
having ham and
leeks my favorite and lovely and race
yep oh my god that's hot okay never pick
that up with it so and obviously I'm not
having ham but I will have like about a
kilo of leaks so I don't care and then
we have guess what we have for dessert
so actually I'm glad we came here
even though I know I had my like dinner
I had bought so freedom and I was
actually gonna cook so no people believe
me but you know I was yummy dinner now
what you doing there now huh one each no
oh he shouldn't over whip it this time
and then press the PS the busy sort o
just 20 minutes left on it
I could be an opera singer tomorrow is
the first of December you guys are
watching this on the 1st of December
will be opening your home oh my god
tomorrow morning for breakfast
Lynch chocolate how does that sound for
the next month piece of chocolate every
day for breakfast hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation just click that
yellow button if you're the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that like to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at
we also have a Facebook page we can post
your pictures or you can just basically
put anything you want down there because
that one is it's a community page you
can also go to our friend pages but
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook societies
actually be a limited number of friends
thanks again for watching videos I'll
see you guys tomorrow
