now there we go that's everything we
need
yeah it was like we're gonna go over now
so all ital is like I just need that and
that's all I need everything else
everything else is just whatever I don't
need it all we need is a flat screen TV
everything else will work out it's
moving day guys cheering oh my niceness
LaLanne didn't get to see this yesterday
guys it's a garden guys so much
strawberry and stuff that's in here oh
my god this is so cool
take him in the house it's so cool
look at all the cheese out of you get
the peon so nice wooden fence too okay
let's go inside inside boy look at all
the muddy feet
look at this and his grandmother she
actually said to us
look I haven't chosen another I got a
right
that's the efficient turning for yeah
it's nice to have a whole meal with just
the bare essentials oh can you get up
please can you get up into the bed can
you hear that figure that mm-hmm that
your lookout point guys you know yeah
yeah okay pop yeah I see more support
that your spot a big little free moving
soup that an oxide you strapped in
niceness
just dropping options anything and it
makes it's amazing stuff amazing also
guys your ass is awesome right you know
the internet guys that we had when we
were living in the other house okay but
there were resellers from another
company and I regular company I was like
ma'am they're gonna hook me up today
how awesome is that no waiting no no
Liam internet time that is very very
excited about remember years ago you
have to wait it's for introducing poor
little Joe fees feels sick again to me
yeah but I'm a super she's putting on a
brave face cousin to move but I don't
like to make it big I don't like to
make it big first when I'm sick you know
I don't wanna I don't wanna make you
guys bus you know whatever de perro
I'll take care of you his sickness and
in health
preferably in health though because I'm
only joking that's a joke okay anyways I
told you I think she doesn't have to do
any heavy lifting or anything we can
just do like the basics today because I
think it probably just all came kind of
it was all too much it was like we're
waiting and waiting and waiting too many
drugs for yoga well we're gonna have
pasta and peas
except I ate on the squiggly pastures
plus sorry excuse me
so my mom made soup instead one of the
little stars it's all about prioritizing
TV computer Lynch advent calendar full
of chocolate oh and there's stuff
College Pvt Bleuler here yes I'm slave
slave star lights and you can put them
over there ladies i slave and I go that
side so things are readily looking up
all the stuff is here we're gonna move
this upstairs now because Emma's doing a
per room
come on guys
oh good I didn't look that she did oh
it's not out of focus give it a minute
it is nice yeah the grand is pink pink
flower so they're all the clothes
already piled in there he'd know it's a
girl's name right boys room big screens
setups lights and
they're installing our broad look at
that no disruptions god I love it out of
our bed
it's so big look it was like a forest
across the road
have you seen our going to love it like
a fast one bear haha look at cute it is
I've even seen this bad you're so cute
oh my god I'm so poops okay looks and
stuff from downstairs is up here now
but I am it's gotta be good in a sense
that we only brought a smaller man today
because I think I know why it would be
just too overwhelming you know like a
lovely figure I have to give they might
like me I'm like a Stargate portal or
something oh my god this was starting my
new buzz now uploading the first vlog
from the new house new house for vlog so
excited that was awesome like there was
no delay the interwebs isn't so I only
said to me right it was really funny
because he said like and he said because
the Red House position what they had to
do like this actually was it's like six
o'clock again for like four or five
hours I think it's because he said like
om I think Dave do you do something on
the internet or something because they
knew defend it and accompany what who
you are that's why they made such an
effort he said normally you'd have to
wait like two weeks or something like
that mostly now guys so yeah cuz always
be able to get the most our lives every
day would be like up and up ah holy moly
just wiggly underbrush your worst way to
oh
20 minutes 20 minutes upload that is not
bad at all hey guys did I ever show you
these little friendly fellows
it's not yes my thing
do you want to thank you know my God
he's so cute
he's in one piece but I'm not learning
at the moment I do a second said day my
chocolate bar yes dude have you new home
yo dude have your new home yeah tell me
you're in the dark now so we're gonna go
for cheese and guess what guys I know
what would I go I know if we mentioned
this already but we can walk to Alma's
house how cool is that that means we
don't even have had little wonder that
butt up little bit we don't even have to
go and get into our car to go to Ole
Miss house which is somewhere that we
always go so I think that's pretty darn
cool go in here and look we set up a
little like den area den not really but
that's kind of that's gonna stay there I
know where's the Chivers would have
liked so much seven Arthur H guys my god
don't you just refer to us anyways oh
and I'll be behind his favorite toy
where is s ghosty he loves ghosty see
usually look watch what ghosty does here
kind of afraid of it matter days he's
going knocks where's my oh my god we're
walking somewhere differential it's a
differential equation are you guys good
differential equations so same as before
guys if you are watching these blogs and
you realize that you realize or he
realized if you know where we're living
and don't say it in the comments on
Facebook or Twitter or anywhere like
that because then we'll just have to
move again no but it's just you know
same as before like everyone who did
realize where we live the last time was
good enough not to say no because cork
is so small that obviously like I know
for a fact people around here watch our
vlog with em you know just let's just
get along okay just don't say it if you
recognize it don't say in the comments
I'd really appreciate that thanks very
much thanks very much thanks bye thanks
bye via the window Oh
so we lasted about an hour I know we're
back let's move back here apartment did
you give it a quick clean up now hi beer
no way you're coming to my car diverse
forgotten did the vacuum cleaner out and
we will give this a quick step it's
always good to clean up after yourself
folks that's today's lesson and it's
bone let's have a look
Oh Instagram like your post hi guys I
turn into a panda I didn't really it was
actually a hat actually turn into a
panda we're almost done
just waiting on slowly Matt lazybones
upstairs and what you doing
tucking her hair or something we're all
waiting grabbing an Occupy protest let's
go this time I mean it can all the slugs
the slugs are making a home in the old
pumpkins ah
are we homing all the slugs that's so
cute
we're such good Rijo MERS my new net is
for the first time you know mind a
husband your first time guys in the
house guys okay I did guys I finally
feel like it's time to em I think
there's a stage in everyone's life when
you move from because items only share
places and stuff and being a university
student I feel like you know what I own
all of this house I own all of it it's
all mine I can sit here and watch my
shows I can play my playstation in my
sitting room growing up or something am
i growing up yeah
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer game he's
also get to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like be stylish
at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at Jonathan Yoli and of course
follow at ana Saucony we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where there's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages but
until our friend pages fill up because
of course Facebook society is actually
very limited number of friends thanks
again for watching videos and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
