okay just gonna put this here hair dryer
into the hair dryer bag
I hope there's nothing in the hair dryer
bag what are you guys doing in there
whoa hi guys
so it's Monday and I'm just putting in
my blow dryer because it's kind of like
those one of those travel-size one so it
kind of fits on neat and paid this is
kind of like my bag that I'm living it
over it well yeah a couple of bags
I just wanted to say as well thank you
to everybody that was leaving pictures
of their pets on our fanpage
um the Saucony Jolie's one I went down
there and I saw that all of you guys
have been posting pictures of your pets
and I was like oh my god they're so cute
so I had to leave comments on every
single one because I have this thing
that like if I don't leave a comment on
one of the pictures then that pet is
like that little dog or a puppy or
whatever is gonna feel left out so this
is how I think I don't think about the
human nothing but the pets but my face
um even though it's the humans that
obviously get the message but I don't
know so they're all so cute so keep
leaving your pictures there um even if I
don't comment on all of them I will try
my hardest to do that because um it's
just something that I I was so shocked I
was like oh my god this is like the
cutest thing ever it's like my favorite
hobby right now is just going on there
and even comments on everybody's um
pets pictures so yeah um and it doesn't
matter if you don't have a dog if you
have a cat fish hamster whatever just it
doesn't have to be dog just cuz we have
dogs like you don't have to have a dog
even have anything you want you can be a
picture of your baby if you want to it
doesn't have to be a pet so and right
now I am in the bathroom but no I'm
going to film getting ready to film
Albie is in my seat there's Jonathan
setting everything up because it's been
really tough like trying to film for the
style diet in here because I don't have
my lighting well I do have my lighting
now but I don't have like everything in
my whole kind of like closet um like my
my whole wardrobe is just basically in
suitcases so I can't do fashion videos
which really sucks because I was kind of
trying to get back into them again
because I know you guys like them and so
I've been trying to do just like what's
easiest for me to film without all my
stuff around me so I'm gonna be filming
my November favorites today cuz that's
pretty easy I have all that stuff with
me so now we're doing Elsa pictures and
oh boy little specific oh my gosh not
okay you're so tall Ursula current
ji Jonathan's kind of sick he woke up
with what ache tomorrow toothache
headache so thank an ache people thank
you very so he's taking my outfit
pictures for my vlogs I haven't done
them in ages o M G
oMG that's what I'm saying you have to
say they're seen that because there's
Pussycats here I'm sorry ever sorry my
mom and Emma are making Jonathan's
favorite things in the whole world and
he doesn't even know well he knows what
I wanted because I told him k1c that
green stuff there's pee
I was going into passed out with bacon
that's Jonathan's favorite pasta and
then I saw that Emma is making his
favorite dessert or one of them which is
rice pudding he's going to be so excited
and also we may have to rush but I'm
only joking
see we were supposed to get the handset
nine are the keys I mean both the house
as well but now it is actually moved
forward to eight which is a good thing
but then we might not be ready but
anyways um you know the way there's
Pussycats in here can I let mainland
love you so much except we took it my
sons I so we don't ring it up anymore
kidding yeah I would set the table cuz
I'm helpful Harry where's Oreo oh yeah
come on Tina
there's pussycat in there perhaps a
pussycat not Kat cuz I'll be so not
understand puss cat
Scott was gay oh we like Jamie Oliver I
wish Jamie Oliver it was my husband if
Jamie Oliver is watching this video I
would love you it just married me
doesn't matter that we're both already
married but or like I wish that's not
actually true that's me but I wish that
Jonathan had Jamie Oliver's talents and
cooking because then he could just cook
for me all day
yeah just keep feeding me that's what I
wish I had but unfortunately neither of
us a very good cooks but yeah not really
you couldn't wear a trying twist
well my mom got me a nice new cookery
book so I'm gonna
in practice with that and we're gonna
start doing from what's called family
family Fridays again because how we have
a working stove hot maybe fix yeah I
know well you do is you know
oh my dinner time oh yeah actually I
have to get over ha okay honey bye guys
Jonathan stick if you didn't know sick
in the head yeah Larry and Erica is Eric
this what Erica does she makes see now
really hyper and she gets annoyed
because whenever Erica or whenever seen
us sees Erica she get type with
obviously Eric help you with this movie
Oh Ally play gonna play with the toilet
we're gonna go home today we're gonna go
home today
he thinks I'm lying classy it's not true
anymore
that's not classic we're going home I
swear to you we are going home today
well you might have to see it after
because you might have to get a few
things in order note ok good boy
Jonathan just found out what Emma's me
can hear for dessert
what are your feelings Donath enjoy very
excited and happy keeps on fighting my
wrist that's cuz you meet her
I swear so just understand doesn't
understand when Cena gets Piper see that
a biter
she's not a bite in so I went she
bicurious she played ball
these are the last 15 minutes of my
homelessness Wow
close to 20 minutes how do you feel what
do you want to do for your last 15
minutes of homelessness eat or the Pacha
for that posture posture gives us a
pause on pastor Peter Peter had a pasta
pasta one let's get some num nums
oh wait saying where is there num nums
will canine hey well in it ain't it's
freezing out there
come on hmm there you go
figure it out mg we're gonna have a non
homeless baby oh um that's a room up
there
bTW bTW okay um yeah so we're going to
get her holy crap it's been almost three
weeks yeah yeah almost three weeks I
don't even know what I'm gonna do
sharing the bed with a girl what's that
even like you know I don't even know
you're like I miss you at night
sometimes you reach out and hold huh I
miss you my love cuz it's really weird
well it's a dog separate you know I
think I'll be you they clean it or
sometimes to Des Moines yeah sometimes
all be comes to me though until nice
boats and run your boat I mean in your
life hello
and then you're the odwin a I know when
you missing everybody and they are
confused as well because they're like
exciting times my friends yeah very
exciting times let's do this hahahahaha
Oh mio echo eho me aw crud this is my
new studio office guys oh yeah then the
blinds door oh I don't know how to I see
her put the desk okay let's see your
office and oh nice
this is large my garden charge large and
in charge lads this is quite big
actually you can see at the front yeah
maybe even sweat in the corner are you
there my closet take me around take me
around mm-hmm it's kinda empty person
from the bottom up your head store
oh it's not from here why cuz Roni hear
us out from the side okay bring us in
the front door with you at mtv-style
occur will shuffle to think it really
I'm shocked pool and shuffle them okay
first up the alarm code is alright oh
yeah here we go do it says the front
door welcome and it's the window they
have to remember this at nighttime so
you won't be able to see how much later
gets but this is bathroom number one
number one
nice nice it is like oh it's got a cloak
pilgrim poked thing oh yeah cute like
you know usually those bathrooms are
very poke you don't have a window
hokey-pokey this is the living room
no but the dogs will have to kind of
behave in here yeah have a seat down you
mean sit in these two cheese last time
what it like oh yeah catonian that's our
weird
cool table is there an extra light or
something in here oh we could get
another few bulbs and then this is I
guess what what the gasps what whoo-hoo
nice big fridge big fridge freezer comes
with a toaster some presses the
extractor oven place an iron cool is it
the pantry think my did not repented
tumble dryer and wash machine nice
Lonnie Smith fuses not sure what that
does then over here you have territory
which is back light so we won't what
types of start in sweat what little peep
not really
some trees out there does a little house
it roams around it's awesome look it's
self closing no it's the win oh nice
sunset
I like to do that
Matthew better oh it's a slow it's a
slow burner nice massive closet with the
awesomest bed ever
look at that thing obviously it's a can
I can't resist it oh my homie bed super
nice and then super nice I love this
look at the size understand our Photon
oh yeah look at the size of this shower
isn't it like absolutely massive Hey so
nice are the room has a window yeah
always the ceiling gets like the bowl
boy's room
yeah hot pressing I don't think um
little light what would you like okay
next we have our bathroom blue Julie
Thompson Miller Osprey Oh what color is
the bachelor it's blue the Blue Room I
like the phone the telephone ones if it
work daily perfect for makeup gentle
like yeah oh my god that was amazing
right I figure out how that works
all right so next we have I'll figure it
out I'll figure it I look a little soap
oh they're really nice I think yeah I
have
this is no fuss those room yo the studio
it's the studio I'm thinking of putting
like a corner desk area so you can come
in like and sit here my chair looking
this way keep an eye on things get the
staff working over there ah she does
close already this is my room
that ward it's really nice what the hell
is that
now laughs oh my DVD player thrown out
maybe not but here yeah it's so much
'look much light is right you're too bit
too big windows
yeah like this this would be a nice desk
area and it's a small room which oh you
need yeah that is our new home
Oh it also comes one of these forbidden
areas yeah
do you love it nah let's have a hug for
the first time in our new home first
hugs oh hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Jolie's
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
ah and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer gaming
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out
Joely and of course follow at anna
Saucony
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society section only be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
