area is heavy it is heavy on my heart
well there it is now making some nice
compost your compulsion composition go
cut pasta machine making compost since
it was put there look at my pond
my part has turned into a bit of a
marshland
where's department say I'm going to cut
Albie and Cena because their mats are
out of control who are gonna try and
organize grooming and stuff but they're
like music to week wave mister same crap
light that's all look look the problem
is if I cut Cena now then her puppy coat
is gone and he's got an outer coat and
they don't tend to matter as much
because I'll be never getting much but
I'm just gonna take care of Cena so two
of the you guys community one you
support well both of them are from
Oregon right when I members from diss
Oregon and the other one is from dis
Oregon we have Michael and chilli now
Julie sent me t-shirts from Oregon State
Ducks and I was like awesome mothers
where Ducks t-shirt everything's great
and Michael because they hadn't sends me
t-shirts with the Beavers and I was like
oh it's funny there's two different
animals in the same College it's not the
same College and also I decided where
the Penn State for this particular one
because just to being on neutral ground
even though I didn't even know cuz some
once in a while ago you shouldn't wear
old my god Penn State and I'm like
what's wrong with them this is one of my
favorite t-shirt so am I decided and
then I ran up online today I think
they're playing each other the Beavers
and the duck so I was like Who am I
supposed to support and I couldn't make
up my decision so I decided go ducks go
beavers and and Italy haha
today so pretzels here things and then
oh look at my place
don't mm-hmm donk is that for the kind
of work mmm the smell of matches do you
guys like the smell of a matching on a
mattress for actually struck and struck
into you struck a match and that's love
you smell it's such a disgusting name oh
my god oMG I try not to say oh my god
oMG is okay Zack we never say oh my god
I always do
my god yeah trying to see like oh my
goodness
tomorrow is the first day of Advent yes
tomorrow is precious I've been today is
the first day bad for you guys
you can't allow you have to light a
candle tomorrow you know what I mean and
it's a disgusting day guys like it's
really ugly and dreary and rainy but
like that kinda rain that's like half
there in happens there
after would you commit to something it's
an audience
and we are going to get some tools to
groom the dogs because I want to try and
do something of myself I'm kind of like
it's not that we can't afford to get
them room it's just that I don't have
one to you know I don't think that like
we've already bought the grooming razor
thingy and successfully that was pretty
expensive actually and Jonathan's done
in a couple of times like he's made
mistakes along the way obviously like I
would as well but I'm gonna try and get
some more things like the nail clippers
and the two called rate I think for the
mats and then I know this whole bunch of
stuff that we need to get just so that
we can do it ourselves but like properly
ourselves you know like I already clean
their ears all the time
and I already know how to do a lot of
things but you just kind of have to
master the whole technique like you
don't have to spend money on rumors if
you don't want to just before people
kind of make because sometimes people
are like well you know you shouldn't
have bought Maltese if you couldn't
afford their upkeep and it's like it's
not that you can't afford it it's just
that I like I would like to be able to
think the dogs I know when I grew my B&C
if they are a lot happier and a lot more
obedient when I do it Roger and Cena has
never been to a groomer really dark she
doesn't read the groomers and she's
never experienced it she's very hyper so
I worried that she and you always here
maybe when cutting stuff and I I think
it's fine I wouldn't cut my own
children's hair you know put a bonus
also the groomer that we used to go to
like ages ago here she cut like one of
her neighbors dogs
like so I'm not going to like save laws
or anything I don't Wow mine's obvious
actually it's not really well you're a
birdwatcher don't know but just like you
know those things I know it's kind of
mean because then that kind of ruins her
business or whatever but you just you a
lot of people on see the mines yeah a
lot of people are like oh whatever it's
just dog we're like yeah so I purchased
feeling myself
I'm sure there's those of you out there
that prefer to get them professionally
done and there's a little bit you out
there that prefer to do it yourselves
people that like to do it myself so here
we aren't pet stop it seems like we
always come here in the rain
there it is pets talk about my favorite
shop no but it's time yeah but I keep
coming back because it's a good it's
they have good supplies and it's kind of
near it's probably the nearest pet shop
so keeping them a second chance
hopefully the customer service will be
good today and they will not be rude to
us like they always all right so I'm
teeth tangle molting calm coach
controller
hey that's thing when we got before the
blue one that was really good he gave in
London it was a blue thing and remember
em I was like that makes them white you
like gang and the blue thing there's
this noise in Johnson but the one we
have upstairs with you today
white and bright yeah we need to
conditioners Oh like the company they
make dog slippers now that's so cool
Pat head for cool dogs
what is it good this isn't for white no
you see that's the thing we were using
the non white shampoo and then we use
the wooden white shampoo theater day oh
my god like that's really scary if
something came at me at that thing I
think I'd be like oh my god I'm
terrified I would say for medium coats
we're gonna find something for a little
monkey oh excuse me how the Christmas
stuff is so funny innit the turkey
the Train it's gonna play with a train I
don't really care about the design of it
that's more predating humans and
something like that see they just one
sitting that squeaks and squishing yeah
that stuff is always the same it has not
changed she didn't give us a bag for our
stuff she didn't say hello to us when
she came home it was like really awkward
she just silently put in the numbers of
all the products that we were buying and
then she shouldn't say buy shouldn't say
thank you shouldn't say anything anyways
they're super rude and not shot for some
reason I don't understand why so I'm
gonna show you guys what I got
hold on she can give it a bag so
everything is loose alright so oh yeah
and then nobody unit came over to us to
be like okay are you okay like I know
it's kind of annoying if they do it too
much but one time would suffice cuz I
didn't know what I was getting and I
kind of wanted some help but and then
you don't feel even like asking for her
because they're kind of rude so I just
didn't but anyways hopefully I got the
right stuff so I got white and bright
shampoo which is this one right here and
this is really good for obviously white
coats we have used it before and I like
it I like the way it makes their coats
look and then I got conditioner luxury
coat conditioner from the same company
Johnson's and then this is the scary
thing that I wasn't really sure of it
but I wanted to ask her a bit but she
was rude so didn't Matt master so it
deals with knots and tangles it's scary
and it looks really scary but I read the
instructions and I think I can figure it
out and then we got nail clippers
because we hadn't gotten them yet in the
last time their nails were clipped
without the vets and we got a what is
called slicker brush yes so
yeah they have one of these before and
then there's a comb that comes with that
that's actually good because I think
they need a comb sometimes as well it
was so that's what I got and now what
we're going to your uncle things no
because all the cars are moving hands
they look there turn around and come
back
oh it is Saturday and that's kind of
what make good cars aren't moving that's
like four times the lights have changed
and we haven't actually moved because
every time the lights go red for us
these cars came down here and block it
the middle thing and then we can move
four times the lights went green that's
great red so I'm like to get that I'm
gonna go up there yeah you turn and
didn't just fly back there okay cuz I'm
a flag guy kind of guy always be mine I
don't want no slide guy I just want a
flag guy kind of guy you'd be common if
you know we sang that song that doozy
who's the other number is that we're
going to Douglas court isn't or yeah
Douglas Court because we're gonna get
plasticine for Jonathan
I guess he's making something we're all
gonna play clay you've money claims
Klaus disease in the arts and crafts
show so I love those heads is in there
you put again see them at all of it
they're really like they remind me of
the houses in Baltimore where I grew up
until I was seven and then I grew up
here but seriously they are kind of like
all red brick and they just remind me of
it houses in Baltimore I like them a lot
so that's what we're doing now and um
hopefully these things will work out I'm
kind of scared of how I'm gonna use this
but I might try and YouTube it or
something and check it for a YouTube
tutorial
wish me luck maybe dancing going on over
there
yeah
that is a nice little ketchup he's a
nice man he's a nice type okay so when
tartan Humby and I got loads of plaster
seen this is the proper proper stuff one
of the guys I went to college with in
first year actually works there and he
made little animatic played before and I
was saying like super kind of it just
won't break he's like no no I was like
it was kind of had me actually even put
a get to stuffy's don't eat this though
it looks quite tasty but as probably not
tasty at all I hope II huh we did a
little cutie pie with a little cutie pie
seen on the other hand does not yet a
cutie pie
she's a crazy Oh mm-hmm we did a little
cutie pie okay your fuzzy head oh all
this hair is in the bag over here
no no see you know out of the bag and in
the bag
good boy
yeah good boy yummy mm-hmm yeah good boy
mm-hmm please don't get back in a while
Tiffani I have to either covered dog
hairs young fun haramen food often
so cute make a pillow
thank you pretty good
are you selling anything we Sheena they
they don't see nests oxys I'll be
watching MTV mm-hmm
spaghetti in our food I ever likes to
turn off lights it's our thing that's
our hobby we all have hobbies
emmalin's turn off lights
whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo spooky spooky so we are
peeing the doggies I'm using my cooling
Li for attachments come on guys go
peepees go peepees
it's kind of spooky out here nighttime
vlogging come on guys point is though
when you actually use the torch to light
up my face I can't you see where I'm
going it's super spooky out here though
what are you doin cedar
it's probably soup he's probably super
windy as well even though he is Gary
come on guys don't be mean to each other
oh my god I can't even see hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Ciccone Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation just pick
that yellow button if you're the kind of
person that likes to likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out I act Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow ad
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that Twitter is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society section or maybe a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
