hello can we get a close-up Oh
not too close better make a note my name
is but I'm here to tell others but this
yes this logo tears I will call myself a
dreamer and in this world of fragile
intensity and the ever fighting war
between us dreamers and reality checkers
um there's always like I don't know
let's do a do-over
I'm a dreamer okay and when I don't have
a dream in my life I always feel like
empty I always feel like just I don't
exist I don't exist
whatever dream I don't exist without a
project the dream project that I need to
go and create an achievement Wow you
know and then I've been struggling for a
little while now trying to find my dream
trying to find the project the dream
project you know and my dream project
got me to University and it got me like
a 2-1 degree it got me like a
distinction in the first year and second
she didn't suffer I like you know it
created some amazing projects that I
worked on he got me out I got me a maybe
films they got me out to you to cut push
me out to do deadly rockins that's
created everything that I've done like
in my life all my achievements because I
am a dreamer and a achiever and when you
put dreamers and achievers together
oh my god I have chicken dreams but
lately I've been dead inside yeah I've
been struggling but the concept was not
having a dream I'm having a mission a
call a project Oh was something you know
and when I was in university one of the
one of the things that one of the things
that I always wanted to do was that I
wrote
and I wrote a really really good script
for a short film that I really really
really wanted to do and I wrote it in
first year and I did my creative passion
and and I didn't really understand what
medium I want what I wanted to do with
it you know and I think if you go back
buddy
H knows if you go back to the circle a
commitment video I think I talked about
it there again that I had this project
this film project I really wanted to
commit to I really wanted to do it but I
always struggle with the medium you know
I originally wanted this was a I didn't
have any original actual concept of how
I wanted series but I I created an
animatic which is like an animated
storyboard for how the whole thing's
gonna work out and then you know I even
went and made a couple of scenes in 3d
using a maiya and 3ds Max and After
Effects and a feat of means that you
know so I created it I built a biped
system I got to my I shot lots of motion
capture footage with like clothes actors
and I created characters and stuff and I
used them when I was presenting my
dissertation for you know creating
emotional connection for computer and
energy and I wanna came up with the end
was that low resolution does invite more
participation rather than you know for
example if you take let's find a toy in
here this little guy is a perfect
example see this guy here okay hello my
name is Finn ba Finn map fluff and stuff
oh I care I have more empathy for Finbar
fluff and stuff than I do for a
transformer even though a transformer
cost like what a hundred million dollars
to make and it takes very hundred guys
and it's the most CG animated amazing
soothes me I don't feel anything for I
have no emotional connection to said
transformer but yet fluff and stuff I do
I feel something for him I love him I
cry for him I I have a motion for him
and that's why I wanted to make I wanted
to create a motion and even going back
for the first daily vlog that I made
you I said I wanted to create a
connection I was I was trying to find a
way to connect with an audience trying
to find a way that you know cuz that
that like I am a creative director I
achieve commercials and films do music
millions of I'm always trying to find a
way to connect you know create an
emotional connection it thing key I mean
the dogs were going mental somewhere I
can hear them and I'm and it's just I've
been struggling with trying to find a
project to and not and and it just just
the other day just the other day at a
hoedown football game ma that's the
intention person and I Anna and I came
up with it and and I think I found the
medium I think I found the way I want to
do it but I don't know if I'm good
enough to do it so what I'm thinking of
doing is the Jonathan Joe Lee channel
which I keep changing from like one
thing to another to another because I'm
always looking for my voice my other
voice I need you this is my like my
daily ranting we call it you know my
life stuff but I wanted another medium
another way where it's not like today
yourself where it's more like so when in
the video games like the Machine what
kind of stuff on at all like yeah
machine was a moving movement Deonte you
know creating stories out of you know
content already made and just fell to
thinking it's boring like I like playing
video games but do I like doing it in
turns recording yourself at not not as
much I'm not as passionately enthused as
I thought I would be I really enjoyed
making the toys remember toys life I
think a call like that boy's life I
really enjoyed that but practically it
was just really difficult to do because
you know I don't really friends to work
with I don't have any colleagues and
just me you know so I'm like how can I
make me do this what I want you and then
guys freaking dream and in the dream I
figured out how I could do this how I
could create my creation my story that I
want to tell and I'm just going on and
on about it here and I should probably
stop because you're probably all bored
or you've unsubscribe or something at
this point because you're like why don't
that man talk about but I am
I'm going to start a new series on the
Java Java channel I kind of stick to it
this time well let's hope so anyway
because I'm gonna start really slowly
but making really really good low
resolution and I want to invite
participation I want to create the
emotional connection for us and I want
to make a real I'm gonna start very
basic and I'm gonna work my way up I
think I'm gonna try and try and do this
project hold me to it no because I'm a
dreamer and dreamers dreamers need to
dream I think all the money's gone but
this big hunk of junk what do you guys
think well I have some chairs my
Tostitos persons so I felt like it was
getting cold outside and I saw a couple
of dogs with coats on the other day and
I was like maybe I'll be and see now I
should start wearing their winter coat
so I put them on look at Cena
she's got another purple one and Abby's
got his little red one alby's has
sleeves and it's considerably cozier
than seeing that one but Cena's is
Martha Stewart is Martha Stewart yeah it
came from Rima who sent it last year and
she didn't really get a chance to wear
it I think because she sent it she's a
puppy yeah she was a puppy and we didn't
really take her outside at the time so
she shouldn't get to wear it and I think
it was kind of she was early this year
actually that she sent it but anyways so
but it's really pretty code it's just
that we got them obviously in different
places so alby's is totally different he
got sleeves and everything so we got
alby's one in pet stop in London no yeah
yeah we got it in quick we were living
in London but alright we're here for a
long time because we had that accident
cause a diet of things that we had to
stay here for longer because you have to
be operated on everything so yeah mud
all over it like she probably lost
actually a pressie runner come on look
at these things no weird okay like
cotton or something weird weird so we're
back from the walkies and we're going to
da
Mambo Italiano store to get some pasta
and then hopefully I think we wanted to
collect arigato oh look this good
Christmas shop Christmas shop Christmasy
things I'd repeat this Italian story
I don't know
to solution to you was wow thanks just
get all of them oh my god is lemon once
realize you're some a mmm I like this
one that's really like Little Italy
isn't it yeah huh I didn't think I was
joking I think everyone's gives would
mean friends and stuff smells like oh my
goodness whoa this one looks good I like
that one cause it's kind of spicy yeah
crazy and you guys actually recommend
stuff is it like an O for Cena it looks
like
a snack Pandora and if they just get my
you didn't like a month ago
yeah yeah no way yeah I think I might
but uh a month after us in your mouth
you know right now there's Alby yes yes
yeah glad see my Italian look a little
coffee the best shot ever shopping
experience I like little ones for
kiddies yeah me
what right what are these called again
yeah
go ahead
oh my god don't you do it we should make
a homemade pizza sometime yeah
this awesome
my boredom fees
I was always after huh what's this thing
even do Tecna makes past
so cool
I know
Coolidge camera point that is the corner
oh boy
Julie and okay I know Madonna I was like
the best shopping experience I've ever
had
it reminded me of being back in Italy
this little shop here right you guys are
in chorus you have to go there to try
Italian food
where is this where are we it's in toker
that's a just google it did have like a
website or a fancy boots back do go boot
specialties Italian food and wine shop
in toker in court check it out it's like
Little Italy that's awesome
it does and you can get there's two
other ones you can get uh-huh did I
begun that's 15 not I'll be well they'll
probably fight over oh my god these guys
he's so cute
can you make them do something oh my God
look at him proudly look at the size
you have kids - yes we can all see that
I'm gonna be packed during the show
it's gonna be fun okay I gotta go now
we're in town GOI go Ricky's little am i
- well slightly large Emma sounds
terrible oh my god that burned down or
something
wow it's just so amazing what do you
call that thing over there whoa did you
see that one he drove fast so fast what
one and it's used like at a surgeon - I
need to add a skeleton system so I'm to
make him like animatable and Animaniacs
so uh I took my lovely assistant hi it's
Cameron
you talked with
it's fantastic yeah it's amazing it's
not just my hand it also records video
then what else is your hand do you
listen actually sell the stuff to make
the armature which is like the skeletal
structure inside of them he's not here
yet but this looks like I look at those
other guys gonna move look it's so good
isn't it this is the wire so what I'm
gonna do a little Teddy here is now I
know you guys aren't excited about a
little teddy here but we actually bought
two of these one of the most probably I
already show Jen so I'm thinkin I might
make a little decision here right and
then put two damn for the legs to down
for the arms maybe I think I need a head
because I want him to be able to be
fully dexterity huh no it's gonna be
awesome
he's gonna I'm gonna sign on his voice
yet or a name you guys have a name for
him leave me a comment for a name now
obviously he's not gonna look like this
because after put the Scouts instruction
erm I'm gonna fuckin gonna try and get
some clothes for him because you know he
needs to be wearing clothes and then
he's gonna venture the world I am baking
pumpkin pie because I didn't get to do
it yesterday and I made pumpkin roll so
today I'm baking poison pine and they
wanted to show you guys the filling
there we go and then am I did this well
actually all she did was roll it out but
I don't like rolling out stuff because
it's just for me messy so I asked you to
do it for me and I just had an Oreo Bosh
now oh you can't really see it it's in
there
so yeah this is a really lifestyle Eddie
I mean join me after Thanksgiving for
the diet but um this looks really good
actually it looks it's a very nice color
see and this is the recipe I'm using I
might put it on my blog if I remember -
if I get Jonathan to take pictures for
me so it's really hard to remember to
take pictures all the time and I used
this which is if you live in America
you'll know you'll recognize this but if
you don't you might not cuz I think M I
got this when she was in Baltimore
didn't you this yes yeah it's pumpkin
pie spice so pumpkin pie is on my
favorite it's actually behind my
favorite like Thanksgiving dessert but
Emma wouldn't let me make it yesterday
cuz she made pumpkin roll which was
actually really good but I wanted this
and it has lots of wood or not look this
has lots of cream in there so it's
probably really bad I don't care and
then we're kind of having second
Thanksgiving dinner because um my mom's
friend is coming over I forgot to put in
the ice and luckily my mom told me that
she reminded me so now I'm putting them
in which I have to add them in after
because I forgot they're part of their
right up here so I should have
remembered what I didn't know but so far
it looks nice and smooth so I just have
to beat the eggs and then add them in
something happen there's too much pie
mix or whatever filling and it all
spilled out so I don't know that now we
have all of this leftover and I have to
mop this up but that was really weird
like it's a regular-sized pie dish so I
don't really know what happened maybe I
used too much but no I followed the
recipe so I don't know anyway we're
gonna have lots of pumpkins
feeling left over if anybody wants to
come over look Eric he gave me like
loads of clothes for him oh look got the
clothes here
look we shut up this is like the first
structure thing to measure it out and
then I'm working on like the main a
structural system for him but look I
think we got in the back room as well
we've got a little dungarees and stuff
we're gonna try loads because having
like a fashion show how fashion job is
what we've done so far I've got one sort
of leg are you done with the thing well
in the structure and you're just gonna
do the head and then of course the old
surgery part where we have to cut him
open his little hands this is going to
be amazing
uh-huh me I actually got a sewing kit
all right I hope you got over here four
minutes until the videos up right I
shall wait four minutes oh good anime
mmm tasty what is it pumpkin pie and
that mascarpone or cream double the
taste double the value all right back to
surgery time we've just taken out all
the stuffing for my little bear he's all
opened up Erica's watching the vlogs
mm-hmm but uh I'm kind I'm open here
which is daddy because he's okay though
he's gonna have a better life you have
to cut off his legs no see look I can
fit my I can fit through it's just the
legs are separate which means I'm gonna
make it cut here to put in the structure
but look his legs can't have the leg
part see well I learned trying to his
body now and give him some give him some
strange at the moment he's he's a bit
too skinny
awesome rich I mean you're middle of
surgery wait I should be asleep and
there we have the first skeleton system
of my little chappie and it's company
name from no but am what do you guys
think is no rather cool system it's like
he's a biped skeleton system but um it's
kind of pretty awesome
I'm kind of really excited about this
project
are you excited because if you're not
well you're not you should eat my snot
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the sakuni Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation you
just click that yellow button it if
you're the kind of person that likes to
uh likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like to be
stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
the channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out I act Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow at aniseh Kony we also
have a Facebook page where you can post
your pictures or you can just basically
put anything you want down there because
that's where if it's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages but
until our friend pages fill up because
of our space but society definitely
limited number of friends tend to get
watches videos not see you guys tomorrow
