good morning everybody and Emilia is now
a big girl
Emilia Shriver all your hair okay that's
wonderful that's wonderful we've
actually come to see your hair so Emilia
no longer needs little girl hair clipped
eyes things really cold
balloony Lila's immediate doesn't need
to wear blue Lily labs anymore so turn
and show us no hair ties no no look at
this now my goodness huh okay chill
you're like a proper little pony Taylor
now huh huh your pony has a tail are you
excited about that fact what we're
finally escalated the situation and
called in backup
Erica you have been drafted we've been
drafted in so she's coming today and
she's gonna help us out for the
remainder of the summer I think just a
bit mad anyway right here you're there
welcome
I'm kinda coffee media's carrying this
the stuff and let us show you what we're
doing is this week we are taking the
video up a level oh oh I forgot we had a
dead man in here
what what this is look he's got a friend
oh look kids are terrified his dad it's
arrived yesterday
he's a terrified of it though but look
he's got a girlfriend this is the
girlfriend here we need to put that away
okay we're not shooting with that right
now but what we are what I have a plan
guys I have a moonshot plan all right
listen to me now
that's what's gonna happen all right so
this just arrived
we're gonna build a chroma key stage
you'd like to make an actual waking face
for huh so what kind of kind of okay so
this week's song is a robot song right
it's all about robots and I was like I
got the light set up this is where I
shoot some of this up against this wall
here but I'm gonna build a chroma key
stage yeah that's amazing Amenia and i
am going to try and build a world in
like in maiya right may as a 3d
rendering program build the world of
mayor phil um the robot song against
chrome he like green screen and then
trying composition it in and I think
that will be pretty cool plus I just I
just want to do that and what I want to
do that I haven't got to work in 3d in
ages and I especially my degree in
university I specialize in 2d animation
and I haven't really I don't really get
a lot for opportunity to to do it to
practice it to get and that's one of the
things if you don't use it it gets rusty
and if you don't use your skill sets
they get rusty so I feel like I want to
want to get back in to try it as a fan
just
perfect opportunity Brittany is friends
and evil works maybe we can make some
sort of a a little series a little
composition series in some money with
look out for that video on Sunday on
friend news friends right now
stop don't shake his hand we are gonna
turn this into some sort of Hollywood
sound stage I'm not sure to shoot it
this way
or to shoot it right here beam you
probably shooting this way this gets a
bit wet here sometimes if it's rainy you
drive in your car is right charge all
the cars good evening whoa that
definitely has batteries in it I think I
might shoot it this way well well I
think I might set it up this way and
then we're gonna use these guys to light
the actual screen and then we're gonna
use the two cerca lights to light the
subjects that's that he's coffee most
important thing needed but anyway get
excited for that are you excited in
media maybe I could make you a mermaid
we should do a mermaid song and film the
whole thing underwater hey that's not a
bad idea
your new roommate song unison TRX
training Yeah Yeah right
I'm drinking coffee building things I'll
call back in a minute I'll call back
later
call call me later guys okay so Amelia
found my face mask from nails ink or
facing sorry no no leave it on for five
minutes okay no you wanted that don't
waste it
okay go into daddy Eduardo and show ya
don't let it fall off what is this what
is this worth Alexia is what I don't
think it'll fit what is that
it's the face Ingrid is my nose for ones
yeah you know ten years younger
zero
what okay put it in the bin put it in
the bin all right
wipe your face with that face cloth and
white oh where are you where are you
going no no more now we can do another
one tomorrow okay but I don't want to
waste them all I know but I think we're
gonna do them tomorrow because I don't
want to waste them no I mean you have
you even wiped your face yeah
if don't wipe it with your tongue yeah
okay it's a bit weird bit weird here use
this
have you got a hair in your mouth or
something hey you're just put this on
for three minutes they had them on for
about two yeah it's just it's not turned
off it's just paused run to the car it's
raining ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten
ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten
ten
that dance denta into 10 10 and bap bap
bap bap attempt on we're not gonna make
it we're not gonna make it
okeydoke ease we are off where are we
going guys we're going to cut Erica
we're going to collect Erica erica erica
erica and eric is spelt with a k' not a
C or a see not a k e is it's the
opposite way to what you're thinking it
was like you spell your name wrong I
didn't it's kind of like you know Casper
Casper is not spelled like with an AIDS
but with an e or it's Mel with it you
know in an a it's not kind of that kind
of a situation when Eric is there right
let's go whoa that is a bus all right I
see if Eric is in here guys in me pop to
the train station love it is actually a
valley show is near here let's see do we
have a little we have a little nope nope
it's not here
she's not here that's
let me actually can we drive right you
there
this abductee Elijah nice to be away um
does it
this is your life Massimino when Oh
just touch it
being rain garden it's so freakin rainy
horrible I'm going to medium this
psychic and I'm so scared
oh shoot the pottery splashing okay
let's see what happened okay Jonathan
just passed another battery dead thank
God because I was like I'm already like
I'm not late I'll be on time if I leave
now but like you know who it is with
kids I was trying to put less near down
before I left so I'm so nervous like my
stomach's like twisted oh my god I
started getting really anxious about
this last night but yeah it should be
fine my dad's not met my three children
do you think he knows that I have three
I mean I do they do because he's never
met them so and they've asked me
questions like where does he live can we
come and visit him what color is his
front door like and I obviously I can't
I try and explain it to them but then
it's kind of I can't really explain it
to them without crying and we're getting
upset and I don't want them to see me
upset
no um you could say they're great you
know hearts but you do is that grab
those in heaven and that's the house a
bit sad for me but it's okay you know
it's not from always showing emotion
yeah because when you do it show they
can trust that they can show emotion
yeah you know what I mean they're not
going to feel like you because we didn't
meet him yeah oh yeah that's true okay
I'm being shown something here when you
asked me that question so am i right
because what I'm looking at is your lad
he's got if I'm in his bedroom he spits
on the left hand side yeah but he's got
a bluey quilt for the vandalism always a
very good yeah there's a blue equal but
it's got something on it like a patent
Charles yeah hey yeah
the stars on it okay because I'm being
shown when you ask for that question
I feel he goes in there and says good
night to them because that's why was
showing me the room which I couldn't
possibly up nom the girls are favored in
a separate room it was like particularly
because he's great center so he sort of
picks up on and I know what kids would
probably have a teddy but he seems to
have this baby that you hold on hold on
little Peter Rabbit yeah oh yeah any but
you've gotta be on it here it's got
blade yeah I wonder there but hold it
there and that's where it is I'm really
sweaty right now makeups like melting
off but I just wanted to update you guys
on what happened with the medium so it
was a success I she said some things
that nobody could ever know basically it
was crazy like some of the things she's
and I was trying not to get to like
emotional I just don't like showing
emotion in front of people that I don't
know which stands weird because I'm
talking to a camera yes Wendy I am yeah
but she just she knew so much um and it
was things that you couldn't even know
if you even if you have she had looked
me up like online which she said that
she hadn't but like even if she had she
wouldn't have been able to know like
certain things that she knew so that was
crazy
like um she's like to me I think anyway
that she is legit and I was very
skeptical blah blah and now I'm just way
more like wow like that's an actual
thing um so I don't know what like it
was just very very I left feeling very
uplifted happy content like I haven't
you described it but like I didn't leave
feeling any kind of like anxiety or
stress or anything I just felt like I
felt so content and like at peace after
so I think if you're looking for that
like that's I would definitely recommend
it like a hundred percent she just she
said a lot of things about Jonathan she
said a lot of things about my dad about
Eduardo as well which was weird but like
not weird in a bad way but like like
crazy weird she said this one's like me
and she said Emilia and Alesi are gonna
be close which I was rude
you're a bit hyper guy right i think
shower tonight yeah yeah I think showers
nice okay be careful
come on upstairs with Erica quickly
quickly I know but it's a bit too late
warm
