openly and hot the cold chili
I'm going to watch but no way run away
with my said escape Nikki this turkey
breast it's the best breasts I've ever
felt but I got you guys member I got the
doctor who won last year that kind of a
little bit but this is Lynch now it says
the crossword it's not a class for you
guys to check out the video of them
lunch net on I'll be in seen this
channel leave a link here I actually
never put a videos there
Cena wouldn't love that so you know a
love that she loves Whoopie which I'm
Tina face of it I've seen us it's a
sting
there's the best bread in the world
tomato pesto inside bread what are you
guys doing what are you doing back it
isn't delicious oh my goodness
puff pastry Nina
Thanksgiving no I'll take that crap you
give me air lock that there it gives
that shot sauna
Chucky's don't you get that finger away
I see we erupt it I'm just gonna take
and I'm just gonna take it that's how I
roll he took two slices you ain't I
Tommy sighs it's not kind of cool come
you slice from the fridge
something in the way fridges door so I
can sorry about that
who sent your Tomatoes Sunday tomorrow
said I ain't gonna steal it
are you Becker is that the free one hey
where's Mia where's me manly dinner
oh she's granddad's cuz she survives
Skyblast what
is that any way to treat my hostile eyes
I can have a Thanksgiving even though
I've never really celebrated
Thanksgiving
what kind of Thanksgiving put out a bit
of harm on horrible newsing nice nice
I'm also I didn't blog at the same time
so it's kind of like a working damn
thing
I'm not your head is started but this is
kind of cool right this is our I'm not
my page like the fanpage do whatever you
call it like page thing but look there's
a picture of a donkey and someone put a
picture of their cat watching me and
then someone put up another picture
their doggy but am it's under Saucony
Jolie's if you don't like this page you
better or does it like button though I
don't know but I'm totally fine this
page and like it and if you want stick
of pictures of your your pets or
yourself or something like that so in
love when there's like like our
community which is these guys here it's
not run by me
it's run by my admin team which is the
seven people well five people because 6
and 7 is myself banana boy em yeah I
think it's awesome like you know I think
it's really cool therefore people put
pictures up there I'm like that's so
cool cuz I love having like a sort of a
community page well yeah
go liking the page I think there is a
link in the doobly-doo
whatever you call a download place might
and so ever whatever other people were
found to be I think the technical term
is description box or on the channel
page or I think you should scroll
Saucony jollies facebook.com yeah
facebook.com facebook.com is it actually
not going to UM yeah like see
facebook.com for joke Ciccone Jodie's
yeah put bananas making making corn
bread you guys ever make corn bread
before
this is a traditional Thanksgiving thing
but syrup in it is it like a sweet thing
version but you can make sweet ones as
well do you know is like a tomato the
old smarty pants over there what do you
mean they make them pumpkin cheesecake
leave a comment if you can get this is
it's not a weird tomato or orange as you
might guess did I was it the same thing
everyone get it right though and you
guys remember from last year because you
actually couldn't remember the English
uh I was at a smaller one wasn't the
same size that there's the cool seagull
such a nice seagull like the seagull
what is it then well maybe go boy so
Jonathan's taken over my job whisking
because it was too hard for me but I'm
making vegan cornbread guys because I
thought why not
it smells my ladies itself actually I
think that might be
maybe there's apple cider vinegar nut
pure Canadian maple syrup yeah so
Johnson's doing my job obvious you know
they're fighting over their little juice
or whatever
stop I'm just in Holland boy white boy
that it yeah I think that's it I think
that looks thick enough to me those of
you who are wondering why I didn't film
this it's Jonathan's fault so you can
ask him you're filming this right now
but it will be on my blog because I have
an amazing baking but are you trying to
go for a B they're trying to volume for
do you thanks for leave comments for
your tanks for and his tanks given okay
Eric yeah oh my god is that like is that
the traditional eggs in a bowl mmm eggs
in a bowl mm-hm how did your bread work
out cool quite low fee the new babysit
our children now now Albie text me if
Emma does anything means you
I apologize for the drunkenness that is
in this we are collecting Erica from
high school basketball and it's kind of
awkward no no no no no you say
basketball though it's usually a great
basketball is in town and now we have to
go into town and it's five o'clock so
it's like the worst time possible for
traffic but my mom is busy cooking
Thanksgiving dinner so you know I worked
I'm stealing we're giving sites yeah so
that's how fighting her and I baked my
vegan cornbread and if now I'm not
making it but I just have an interesting
vegan cooking I just I like trying new
things so you know but everything else
that we think is really not me
because a monarchy no I'm not eating
turkey absolutely but I'm going to stop
and then having green beans and Emmas
making big oh no I think my mom's making
baked corn and then hey my is making
pumpkin Swiss roll with mascarpone I
think that's all over for having sweet
potatoes as well so I'll show you guys
later
oh my God look at that alright yeah it's
so cool make my eyes oh my god it's
really bright
alright number one go to level three
that's so cool guys oh my god what I
have is I have the HTC phone up with the
light look let me just show you guys
there's the light it's on this Apple
look so like it's like level 1 level 2
level 3 that's like crazy look how
bright that is from a fallen right it's
not mental so you can live life like
this isn't that crazy
now we can vlog in the night oh my god
this is gonna change nothing we're just
bored waiting for Riki's right is this
hey we got the time time is it 6:00 it's
half 5 we were told to leave at like 4
half for something we're not because we
might be late here we got here like 10
minutes it's crazy it's crazy I'm gonna
turn that let's just turn it off do you
have that somebody's already like a
Christmas decorations up
when do you put your Christmas
decorations up PS we collected Riki's
and she didn't get wet so uh job done
what is it
mascarpone it tastes good you should
take them what's a pumpkin roll the
 iam corny that's just a little bit
corny mm-hmm
that's what we come here for that way
you come here for no it's already a
vegetarian holiday is this
although harvest is vegetarian is render
pajamas all Jam today again can you
actually get it oh my god you're a
ballerina chicken take another kaki
taken in the turkey forget him licking
his next spread is increasing rapidly
it's not turkey some green things for
Erica
since our stuffing thing a plate of
garlic is that it your vampire friends
thoughtful speaking the vampire of
garlic whoa wait a second there's no
time for them what was that your Athena
you maybe yeah
the vegan bread well I'm thankful for
this feast that was tasty
that was actually I've tasted notice how
I never had em corn baked baked corn
thanks the rad bait of corn before it's
actually quite good
I'm
how was your vegan bread oh my god we
are we don't support you hey come here
huh no sister like this not great
Oh your mommy and your sister like your
bread like it tasty gee it's actually
pumpkins in there you guys ever had
pumpkins this role
Oh pumpkin wrong cuz this is not by the
Swiss don't be confused pumpkin and
secondly raw eggs be in the paper I love
hotels mama style is back get to work
everyone clean up you serve me serve me
that cake stop it
beside it because it's kind of festive
we're gonna make an espresso isn't the
Italian thing any bubbles what's the
thing I was going on cafe tiara in
doctor tiara
oh no PITA no probably no bit at the end
double-double we're in trouble
just wait for that to be nicely tasty
tasty tasty
that's more ASCAP's
oh my god I've eaten so much food thank
you happy
oh goodness nation no Liam no Liam a
problem has been detected in your
windows system this is not a fun time
but this situation we press it hold it
pray for it remove it
thank it love it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of there's a Kony Jolie's and
don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because that would be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer gaming
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like to
be status at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the style that i
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out ackd jonathan jolie and of course
follow at
Koni we also have a Facebook page where
you can post your pictures or you can
just basically put anything you want
down there because that way there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
societies it can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
