got money t-shirt from Oregon I'm an
organ or bone Ian or go with the origin
people say and let's see see Oregon
State in it
Webster I really like it I like the
phenomenal way it hugs my chest it's a
boob rubber I like it I like it very
much thank you sir thank you sir today
could be and might be and just just
might be the day we get the keys to our
new I just want to go home me know and
that's kind of cruel isn't it it was
kind of cool sorry sorry about that
hmm yeah today might be the day we're
gonna meet her at quarter past two new
potential landlady girl just to meet up
like in sign forms and stuff and
normally at that point damn there's a
bit of a key given ceremony so uh doctor
so hopefully today's key giving ceremony
is going to be actually today and we are
going to get a new home you know I'm so
excited oh my god
can you see that we missed it guys check
out alby's new hairstyle it's so cute
and this was from Michael's son like
yeah oh boy oh boy oh boy oh oh you six
little teddy bear seen on the other hand
I can't can't seem to get it in her hair
cuz she's just to Brittany this is
always like struggle in the morning
whenever I have to get hurt it'll go go
in go go go go that one's really good
now he keeps his hair right off his face
yeah they're actually pretty cool but
he's right no I can't do it it's not
saying she's to read me yeah I see that
let's try putting your dough go oh I see
he looked like a little princess
Oh fighty fighty no no show everybody on
the vlog is your hairstyle oh my god
you're covered in mats see this adult
coat has grown in and what happened last
time with alibies about two years ago
was yeah that two years ago was his
adult cult Gruen and that's basically
where the puppy coat it changes from
public to adult coat because probably
coat is much softer they're still soft I
mean the Maltese coat is still pretty
soft but you can tell the difference and
she always had a puppy coat unless you I
don't know are brushing them like every
single day and which we actually were
with Albee but it still didn't make a
difference it just gets so matted so
it's kind of that process or that like
transferring of hairs from baby to adult
it's it just gets really really mattered
and not entangled and stuff so I
remember when it happened to him it was
like a disaster and the groomer it was
like pretty angry at me but it wasn't
actually my fault but then she told me
that that was why it was and then it now
it has happened to Seema and it's really
annoying because alvie's find like he's
kind of normal his hair is normal and
then her hair which you could tell it's
narrow and adult kind of coat but it's
got so many mattes and tangles and knots
underneath like on her chest and like
her kind of like underneath her body
area and I'm so scared the groomer is
gonna get really up me again well it's
gonna be a different one this time
because he moved in stuff but I'm so
scared she's gonna be cross with me and
be like you don't take out your birds
look after your dogs but I do I just
when that happens there's like nothing
you can do it's really really difficult
to kind of keep under control and then
once they're groomed and everything you
just have to maintain it but it's that
just that little timeframe when they
change from puppy to adult coat that is
just so crazy like I don't know if he'll
be able to see but she's got some nuts
there he can't see them Cena wouldn't
talk Manama is Papa chuckling
do you know me I'm a funny man you guys
know this guy he's am he's like a German
comedian he dresses up like parent he
did one of the Queen and then he did one
with a merkel ages ago but Eric or Anna
Emma was doing that I think in college
bedroom and then I thought maybe maybe
mine Freud wouldn't talk my friend I
know him say hidey-ho just had some more
of that funny stuff
mmm it's delicious honey licious I might
have had myself some soup
do you have an feta pesto yes they are
amazing they're like poppy seeds and all
sorts of other sesame seeds and stuff
toasted really oh my god they're so good
you should toast them these are amazing
nice if you're in little get yourself
one of these put it on a pig board it's
all we need to say oh that's some
Tomatoes
in one hour we are meeting the lady the
lady of the night so do you think that
hours time it is a quarter past 1:00 and
being at a quarter past two we could of
course just be meeting her and talking
to her signing the thing and then she's
like oh yeah because I came to learn
people in there like they said they're
gonna have to in a month but she did say
this week so that's hope Oh tomorrow's
Thanksgiving therefore today is
Thanksgiving for you guys
hello America hi America what's that I'd
like to say thanks given are you
thankful for America what's Thanksgiving
for so we'll give you a common a nice
let's go get us at the house he let's go
get ourselves a house E that's all get
us a house E
on a Wednesday afternoon we go guys
let's see let's see how this works out
so we just met our future landlady and
she was really nice actually I like
doing them privately because this is
easier than a stupid old agency you
actually get to meet face to face with
the owner of the house and you know get
a feel for each other and that kind of
thing
and yeah so the only downside is that we
because you see the people that are
there have paid obviously and until the
end of the month so we can't move in
today which sucks but possibly next
Monday
so we'll have to spend a couple more
days here which is fine I'm not going to
use it
I have no complaining or anything it's
just like obviously you want to have
your own space or whatever but that's
cool I'm really grateful that we have at
least it's all done
Lisa sign sign the lease and yeah I
think we're probably gonna like our
official like moving in date will be the
first just to make things kind of
simpler with bills and everything but
other than that I'd say we probably will
be able to move in because I think the
guys that are in there gonna move it
this weekend yeah and then we'll
probably be able to move in on Monday so
I'll be like xx or something and I think
she's gonna be in court on the 28th to
give us the keys so that's cool it's
kind of a pity that we can't move an
entryway but it's not it's not a huge
deal so and I'm happy as she was nice
and everything it's that big of a deal I
suppose but I'm like it's like him it's
okay for a weekend couple more days like
I've kind of adjusted to being a mama
stylers anyway like so you know it's not
fair to push it in and I did say I
wanted to be in my first in December
Kapow I have achieved my set at vault I
need to put the flute back on the camera
I noticed yesterday when we were editing
it I didn't say it was too distracting
it's just everything is packed in boxes
and I don't know where it is and right
now it's all I can't even hear me
chuttan all the trees you can see the
under veil everything is am and you guys
see what I said on Twitter Facebook I
said about vocal it's this new sort of
us point on that new but it's like
blogtv except you guys if you have a
webcam on your camera or a webcam thing
you guys go on and actually talk to us
instead of like just like rod TV when
it's just us talking it's like totally
revolutionary I just think it's better
rugby sometimes I find about TV I'm
doing all like you're talking and
communicating just read in the comments
and it's going too fast I'm like you
guys interested like you turn in a
camera and it turns up here and then
it's got a minute I might give it a try
when I get home because I am a couple of
you guys actually already followed me on
it so I was like Mike if that no quickly
pop but it'll only be good if you
participate you see it'll need your
participation to make it bill S Preston
Esquire and Ted Theodore Logan become
you know that's wrong it is cool
McCandles Tier II is backwards who knew
and the P is backwards okay what kind of
a company is this sentence or is a
man√≠s away like milk therapy pecan pie
wonder does it taste like pecan pie oh
and this
I'm going to take this upstairs and
devour right now and then for afters I'm
going to have Emma sesame sticks thanks
Emma
unfortunately is an ad playing on us but
this is the thing here vocal I probably
just ciccone Jolie alive I have no idea
I just gonna work what apparently the
other person can pop in there something
I have no idea I have absolutely no idea
what am the TV's works so we're on the
vocal thing here and we're testing it
out and it kind of works and we've got a
couple of questions now this audience
member we got another someone on the
line we got someone on the line all
right let's have a look here all right
Daniel you have ten seconds go Daniel is
gonna be underlined here means it mean
to lose this one he's on the block it is
Oh have you got any plastic
hundred-dollar bills
because you can't have a dinner with
others this role spasibo toaster bangs
you can put like things inside the bag
and then toast it such a good idea
although two-year-old for two so is a
year old well well yeah thank you pay
for them as well if you think about it
it's kind of useless
what kind of coaches they're like packs
that you can wait a second the same
thing but then it kind of pointless I
suppose like why would you need a poster
bye can't you just oh because you can
put your cheese in their hand in it and
then put it into the toaster gotcha
gotcha tear now just by toasting machine
I haven't had toasting machine since
University cuz I used to live on ptosis
I would pretty much put everything slice
of bread whatever inner slice of bread
and make like the tastiest toasted
sandwich in the world that's right it
was the list of Tolkien King I really
make that up
what ideal expenditures prize a huge
debate broke down downstairs and we're
trying to figure out who do you like
more no Erica has now got a new love in
her life
this is chap here Taylor rocker is what
it says laughter laughter cheating wolf
but I yeah it's getting a new poster
every Wednesday how many posters can you
get how many's in the collection a
billion whoa I'd only give enough room
and your wall for a billion posters you
got a picture for your pillow getting
like bedclothes and then you can line
with knife anymore or do you guys
prepare boring like boring steam this is
Robert Patterson do you guys fare Robert
Patterson or clunky Macomb Kristine
boring my pouring steam or honky Mike
from do you kiss that person you fly
over there little step up and give me a
little kiss but be nice to now you know
no don't be don't rush in he's too tall
for you why does it say Al Gore and
Norah Jones off the top Al Gore like the
vice president of America a blue singer
oh because I was like that's a bit kind
of crap does he now realize his top is
completely seat you he look sweetie he
looks his body is very similar to mine
it is that's exactly what I look like
when wearing a white t-shirt is he got a
football oh I thought he had like a
little hat on I thought it was like a
hash you come first in Swiss roll she's
hot
I think she's hot what she wives hi
that's pretty you know this poster I
like for little Justin that's how Justin
gets this little small spot Kelly
Clarkson I'm not them at least not
familiar with Kelly is that Albie oh
that that was been ages ago is it yeah
like he's guys little top on and
everything
no as you would call him snookums mm-hmm
why you come for some Swiss roll some
news to me hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Ciccone
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation you just click that yellow
button if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer game
you don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's install that
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out act on us and Joey and of course
follow at aniseh ponies we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where there's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages well
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook society's
excellency be a limited number of
friends thanks again for watching videos
now see you guys tomorrow
