hey boys welcome to the vlog ADIZ okay
so I think I spent a bit to put
everything back I was just kind of
looking for some clothes there's all
these little toys here and I was like
you know I should do well there's
probably a place for everything I'm not
putting any right place I don't know
the Train is there to the fact there
look like that did you enjoy that I
don't even know it's gonna work but
we'll find out later I just think I'm I
think it's time to change my clothes
I'm glad you so much clothes because um
it's really difficult to wash everything
I know I have a part of a stack of like
freshly washed clothes but is it over
here is just a clothing area Oh can't
wait to put this up Oh Lincoln
University of Oregon is my Oregon one
only have you like why are you wearing
the M was I wearing the blue one and so
American football team or American
College because ages ago I was saying
that I love having t-shirts for Mike
universities all around the world
my ideal goal some days to have because
I was going to if I didn't actually have
ended up meeting Anna and deciding to
take this course in life but um the
Vancouver Film School VFS it's a school
in Vancouver and that's where I wanted
to do my master's degree because I just
thought I'd go I was like I did a um
like a degree in animation through the
animation and compositing and stuff and
they are like the top school in the
world for it I always wanted to get it
and Vancouver Film School teacher if you
actually are in Vancouver and you could
get me a mic I will PayPal you whatever
a cost or any like that cuz I can't buy
them online or anything or like a hoodie
or just something that says I was like
oh like it's such a poser dink Lea black
I didn't go to the school but I just
want to wear this t-shirt because I feel
cooler but am I know I just like him
by teachers and shirts from like
different universities I don't know why
I don't know it's just like a thing it's
like the thing I have was it so my book
like stamps t-shirts from universities
around the world so Ana got a new
magazine which one did you get knees I
got this seventeen me but I pretended
houjicha is dear times independent which
one Irish Times crossword or Seventeen
magazine
is there a crossword in the Seventeen
magazine everything across is either
like Justin Bieber or Twilight I really
like it I always liked it and so I got
it pretending America let's have a look
101 fashion chance for everybody just
watched free perfume just look cute and
confidence get on board this weekend
I mean this afternoon we were doing see
a lot of Maltese rain I was just telling
Jonathan that earlier today actually
very early today in the in the morning
when I took Albion Cena at for peepees
because we usually do it in turn so this
morning it was my turn and I actually
came down emom my sister was like I was
like oh I hate when it's my turn because
I love being able to sleep in and then I
was like isn't it always your turn it's
like no difference he does it sometimes
when we tend to alternate but anyway all
you tend to do tonight I always made me
mad nice yeah I suppose I don't really
mind
and I don't but ah no but anyways there
come on let's go but anyways um yes my
mom had told me that Oreo I think and
mas hat had killed a mouse or a shrew or
something it's true they're like really
tiny but I knew as soon as she told me
that I was like if I'm honest she ate it
whole Cena's gonna get it like I know
she will
so that kind of worried me but but um
they were at this morning it was really
nice morning actually and it was really
frosty and like the the grass is all
crunchy and stuff I can see her
something or a shrew and I checked I
went out there so cuz I wanted to know
that's bad
Kenny cheese so I gave her a big slap on
the bump and I scream her vote
it was and then I had to pick up
disgusting little mouse not that my
shirt is dead but it wasn't like it
wasn't open or anything
downside goodness yeah so I had to throw
it over the wall with a dead leaf it was
so gross and then I brushed her teeth
like I scrubbed her teeth oh my god half
this pitch is a drenched and submerged
she thinks II know run should I've seen
around here
loves getting up muddy I'll be he's
getting muddy and dirty she just love
your life see now is this like this what
do you think it is she's so funny
look at him I'm sticking to the pot the
parents safe she's having a time of her
life
it's a because of items you gotta go
through put it on the LD air my shadow
mr. Koerner he's / go go go go go he
didn't I don't think he knew those gotta
happen
Oh No Oh what happened now he just
happened to me
I completely submerged my socks are
soaking oh she's so pretty isn't it so
cam
now Xena you fall off you different
you'd likely suspect I know he's a
likely suspect he's like I'm not going
any closer guys doctor's note the birds
here and they're eating all the shells
let's see if I can zoom in to show you
guys so cute isn't it
it's going to see what's up our
20-minute walk this is what you need
mm-hmm
yummy on me in my tummy I'll put you
there I don't make you run me Jax to us
to eater
stupid people promise I'm in this
excited guys about moving because I feel
that ever since the wedding
I just think that like would be just on
a pause like I've already progressed
much with I don't know what I got it's
just these last few days living in mama
style that ice house you know I feel
like I'm down in the city I'm surrounded
by family again
segregated from everybody and everything
long yeah and I didn't like get to spend
time with my mom like at it was like
very important yeah yeah like you know
last few days like you might as nuts a
nasty blogs I kind of been out on her
like not on your own but I would her mom
and doing something help me and it's
kind of like you know it's just it's
like that's what we said things like it
was more you know but we ever made
dinner we haven't you know I'm not a fan
of cooking I like cooking if I have like
a recipe book enforce me and it's for
like kind of a bigger group of people
and not a huge group like say five four
or five people but I haven't even been
able to do that like the used to be the
family Fridays all the time break back
but yeah and that was like really really
good
waiting for the Ricky decide Malaysia
center mcaren you dumb bleep ha
of the back in Helmand every man goes in
there it's such a goody-goody
she didn't cross the road he's like I
was like what you're just cars there
because I probably will just cross there
just ran across and across the road like
a headless chicken oh my god it won't
like the speak sense yay you want to
open the one from Albion Cena the other
one that is so cool
sighs immediately that's why he was
asking me first like what's not oh this
is like your other child
oh yeah Bassam Oh what's up oh my god
that's swimming shorts
ellaby encino love these because they
got them from someone else happy
that is Sun to my closet you know the
way our because our car doesn't have any
cup holders see others more sense feel
they're kind of the comp thing what the
hell is a cup holder for the car oh my
god
so cool that is me that is awesome thank
you so much oh my god
so seat wedge Oh Queen the seats are the
other side didn't you open the door I'll
just follow that I don't even have this
like ps3 jewel triggers I get the idea
though I think you just attach it to the
bottom I can make you sheet faster oh
yes Scott Lowe from ign.com ideal for
competitive players you need a little
extra grip right perfect for
first-person shooters kills them on Gran
Turismo
pethood is useful eh Lacan booth comment
in Killzone at Gran Turismo so we
decided to take a drive up to this dish
this will be like a local store now it's
right beside the house down over I will
be tomorrow to sign for so and it's
gonna be a local which is pretty good
too so people 11 o'clock every night
which is awesome
it's got like the off-licence it's got
the pizzas it's got the food hello come
with you hmm
nice it's also got ready to serve
custard apple juice
you can walk here in a matter of moments
I'm uploading you while rendering at the
starlight video getting the level new
record oh my god I'm gonna take 55
minutes oh my god that's really quite
design was asleep Wow no no be mental
take this great yeah I never had lentils
before it's kind of weird not eating and
I go oh
silento by Nina didn't even know hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be ah
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer game you
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like
these status at all times don't forget
to check out anna's the stolid channel
if you want to keep up to date with
twitter don't forget to check me out
Jonathan Joey and of course follow at
Koni we also have a Facebook page where
you can post your pictures or you can
just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where is it's
a community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
still love because of course stays for
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
