your eyes okay I won't cause I'm super
cute but I love you kisses no kisses
reliving going let's get some read call
for the rest oh hi you enjoying your
lemony water mm-hmm lemony snicket
lemony snicket there's a little bit of a
cricket know hopefully guys this is the
week this is the week that we all give
thanks thanks and praise it's funny
sometimes because I read the blog
comments right and then I usually read
them by the time I've read them and said
something it's like two days ago so this
is a reference to the family second
wedding party one because the comments
that are still coming in now and I'm
editing yesterday's vlog and this won't
go over there by the time this one goes
up it's two vlogs ago but um yeah cuz
like obviously we read every single
comment I always hear all the comments
and I've seen this a few times over the
course at our wedding and people that
asked me and I never said anything about
it but I'm the guy sitting beside Anna
was not my dad that's my mom's partner
at farc ah he's a Scottish guy and as
he's beating up lots of few times a
couple you guys already know that he's
not my father also does have a beard
well it's wrong I bring the blocks
yeah I don't think so so no John did my
dad didn't come to the wedding in Italy
and he's in contracting last night I
didn't actually really kind of invite
him slightly said I think the other day
because I wanted more of it at people I
couldn't come to Italy for valid reasons
but I don't want to get into all that
because I'm not trying to like I don't
know be mean or anything like that it's
just you need to kind of a point where
you know you have to stop being the
parents to the parents kid Jose so um
yeah he didn't make any effort to call
me after the wedding or anything so I'm
not really I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
put myself out there to be hurt again
that's all I'm gonna say
that's all I'm gonna say about that
let's move on to get me some tasty
yogurt but I just want to say because I
read the comments and I was like I never
really talked about it after the wedding
anyway so I just wanted to say that I
just wanted to say that did you want to
say that and you guys ever have a manuka
Fusion honey
annie is like a million dollars for this
one little table here I'm gonna try some
because I've never had it before is it's
just what is it manuka honey active
blend is just like super fresh honey or
something
remember manuka no the great hand
thought you met oh yeah
they killed her wounds and burns and
everything with my new company that's
why she's called my new fact is it not
just honey yeah but it has like healing
so you know Oh hmm they put it all over
her body
and then all her friends went away
that's crazy
are you pulling any points let's see if
I can heal myself with manuka
you want a good kanaeva a good a good
spread it's got a nice spread it's a bit
raggedy but it's a good kamila if you
only one that can FA is just look at the
word knife and look at it phonetically
its connect I just say Dyna it's kind of
funny that yesterday's blog was like and
you know like a second wedding party you
know and then now we're getting the
realest because last night like like we
had the wedding and then we got the
house but it was a mess we can never
cook and never like really sat there and
I was not you know blah blah blah and
now it's like okay we're like my
family's wedding dinner party they're
like and now this week we move into our
new home and it let's try again okay
and don't read it's like I hope that my
my dream right is we move into the house
right give me like a week to settle
everything
no wait LeBron gets install it it's Anna
brought bars installed with everything
put away
give me snow pile it on that was like
boom I want snow and I want to put my
snow boots remember last year we already
ended middle of the night this snow is
everywhere
Alec scene has never been in snow no
Cena's never be in the snow he was like
buried in the snow to remember that like
all right so I want like a runner add
like Fandango point of you look at this
the egg is just like drunk in there it's
weird what else is in there so cool it's
on Emma's blog whoa warning turning
speedily but it's on Emma's blogging you
and I had to make it good enough to make
us off what I did not realize until now
I opened this and I found a card from my
phone oh my god there was a card inside
that
didn't even read it oh my go to her
insight report but I never even knew she
had written a card so yeah my mom waited
yo where's my name on that
well what's up penny huh huh that's my
card game ask me a fresh Neapolitan
lunchtime treat I've never had this
before in my entire existence my entire
existence or even amor my entire
existence I have never tasted a
Neapolitan so we're going into Douglas
because I'll be in Siena need no numbers
there no Thomas has run it so you have
to get that and I want a magazine I've
decided I want magazine I haven't had a
magazine in ages and Jonathan never that
he never allows me that's an anomaly but
he always says no because he kind of
just says that everything is available
online which is actually true but
sometimes you just want to come you know
Maxine so I'm gonna kind of magazine and
Emma has to post something I did Emma's
makeup but of course not gonna allow me
to show you so you'll just have to
imagine they are they aren't almost
saying I did her makeup almost the exact
same as mine she basically looks like me
she will have the same lipstick except
now Australia didn't like this that's
the lipstick I wore on my wedding day
anyway and see that I don't did I say no
I didn't see and I got a horrible fright
earlier and I don't think I don't think
I said it or I don't think Jonathan said
it but basically I kind of forgot to
tell Jonathan that two of the cats not
the not evil one Nikki but Missy and
Oreo we're in the playroom like the
Nibiru and they were on the sofa and he
came down with Cena and I just forgot he
didn't even look and I forgot to tell
that they were there so he didn't close
the door and basically Cena was probably
playing with them for ages because we
were in the kitchen that we didn't know
and
next thing we heard this scream it was
so terrible I think maybe Oreo whose cat
by the way hit Cena but with no cause
because I know she does that sometimes
which is good because you even heard her
anything but scene I just not afraid and
she screamed because I think she can she
hit her but there's no blood there's
nothing but we were really lucky so that
was kind of scary
so Cena has just kind of been off all
day he's having a good okay so leave
really nice comments like we have one of
these albums Cena outside the dog and
it's housekeeping lifter because it's
always home like in the front of her
house like what a veteran I think I got
this
serve and eat please take walking later
Oliver and white roll and I hate how
they die so quickly so he would be
perfect to me
come on his face flowers though
hmm
what is where we bought some bills days
son I is out this little slipper and I
wanted to get glamour and it was perfect
I never get money but they just don't
have someone that I want they have
everything else except for glamour
pretty weird
maybe it's only
company maybe company
I hate cosmopolitan I don't know
Erica wants doritos and she wants a dip
as well so i have to find a dip
here this one
sour cream she said you wanted to wait
one you have to get Eric has Syria that
she will eat but but that's also kind of
fun and also kind of healthy at the same
time so many minima minimax except no
you can get the plain one somewhere here
yeah it's like frosted we asked me to
get it unless I don't even know what
she's most curios yeah oh
cheerio yeah okay okie really a man's
work is never done
now let's put this pink inside what is
all this furniture doing here okay so
let me put this in here just no stick
these off work life finishes its thing
how's a good finished no maybe I didn't
do anything
bingo there we go no it's funny like
this
yeah but this is the size of the thing
okay but why this kind of need to make
this massive box piping is because it's
so expensive they Karen decided if they
give everyone a really bigger box that
everyone wouldn't feel as bad about
spending so much money in such a small
thing can actually spy a luck don't mind
me
come on guys let's go peepees hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there will be ah and if you want
to subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation just click that
yellow button if you're the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer game he's also get to check out
my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's
dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out ackd Jonathan Joey and of course
follow at
Kony's we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where is it's
a community page can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
societies accidently be a limited number
of friends thanks again watch the videos
not see you guys tomorrow
