why are you in my bed that one is better
that we have to admit you're getting
better than mine better so what I'm
doing right now is trying to make the
situation more livable because if you
know anything about me I'm kind of like
a perfectionist freely and my parent is
not my kin so between I am in the middle
of trying to make this situation better
because we're living out of one room and
it gets really messy with over there so
this is always what it looks like right
this is my bed that's Jonathan's bed
more to do talks um this is the problem
right here my editing suite this is also
somewhat apart well you see I have it
kind of neat but then we have this big
laundry basket of clean clothes and then
I stashed all of our laundry in there so
I need to do laundry and probably you
need to vacuum in here because that's
that's always your I don't like vacuum
I've been working it's the only job yes
I know but anyways so I'm gonna try and
do some laundry because we don't have
any well we do have tons of clean
clothes but I don't know where they are
so my hair is like what you must be
frizzy right now but I don't know my
serum right out anyways come on guys
when you get your little how did you
even see anything just get your little
hair things in okay you're gold gold
macaw oh man I need my cocoa mother
they have different go-go's are in let's
go down let's go get Alma where's your
mom
we're zoom
you hanging out with mommy so my mom's
friend just left so I'm gonna make look
we got this focaccia bread just really
good it's got olives on it and what else
oh yeah like vegetarian you know meals
and stuff like that like this is only
lunch so it's nothing spectacular but
what I've been loving lately something
like this you know focaccia bread and
then sun-dried tomatoes bought from the
market they're so good there's so much
better than the canned or like the
jarred ones
and then some hummus cuz hummus is
really really good for you if you're
vegetarian because it has chickpeas in
it and I'm trying to up my intake of
like pulses and things like that you
know like lentils beans chickpeas like
that my thing so that's why I'm having
that and then that's pretty much it
that's that's all I'm gonna put on
because um it's kind of a lot so where's
my plate and I will do a video on
vegetarian diet soon on my channel
because a lot of people have asked me
about it what do you sit today what day
is it today Sina it's Sunday so oh my
god guys it's Sunday okay let's see this
is my mom's calendar thingy Sunday the
20th I have done a month an entire month
of eating 100% vegetarian there was one
thing I had okay that wasn't I remember
all right there was one thing I had that
wasn't I cheated one day and it wasn't
really my fault because my mom it was
kind of when we first came here to stay
like temporarily and she had had
I just feel rude and kind of mean if I
asked her could you like special things
for me because she makes such good
dinners and like I just feel really
terrible when I you know because she
likes me and everybody else eats meat so
I can't really be like oh don't cook
that you know I would never do that to
her so she had cooked fish cakes and she
was like oh I thought you I thought you
were selenium facials like no I don't
fish anymore but I thought it's so
terrible because like she had bought
these fish cakes and cook them and you
know they were really good and they're
from the market and everything and so I
I was like because she was getting all
flustered and then she was like oh I'll
make something else for you and I just
said no no it's okay so I had a fish
cake I'll own up to that I had a fish
cake
in this whole month but aside from that
I was 100% vegetarian haven't touched
meat and then like I said I just had one
fish shake so I I think the most the
hardest thing for me is seafood and I
like seafoods don't really miss it that
much but just sometimes when I'm in
restaurants I'll be like oh I'll have
that and then I'll remember I'm
vegetarian but I love being vegetarian I
think it really suits me we are making
the mango smoothie my famous mango
smoothie hi do you want to go in there
okay so the cats go so you mind going
for mama spiders so this is going to be
my favorite I'm gonna choose up the
pineapple with the apples not quite sure
where the apples are at this particular
juncture okay then we're going to use
Emma's super awesome smoothie maker
thingy and my super awesome juicy teen
evil when we got this okay master chef
show us what you're doing with your
stains on your top this thing here is
some sun-dried tomatoes this thing here
is from pesto
you are quite the chef so so thank you
we forgive you
Jonathan please be careful
oh yes my mom just vacuumed in here so
you know those little bits that always
used to get on our tiled floor she's
gonna be cross with you
I hate chopping like that's why I hate
cooking hate chopping you can say I'm
lazy I'm not just how come I like
cleaning then hmm you know what I like
cleaning I like doing laundry I like
emptying and refilling the dishwasher I
like all those things but I hate
chopping it's fine Jonathan it's fine
mushy mushy it's fine okay wait just put
this in the compost oh here
when you take the label off take the
label of jopen whoa thanks now very
important you oh my god I can't breathe
in here recycle is not right guys re cui
Cele find out what means do me
that's like not even juggling Jonathan
look he's all concerned he's like I'm
sorry what sorry sorry that was not
transition that was 60 r18 we did this
dance because our school was like really
known for recycling being like a green
school which is actually pretty good
like it's a it's a good thing to be we
had like a green flag and everything and
yeah we did just did this dance to the
music of you know like RESP yes um and
we each had a letter of rit the word
recycle taped to our bums and then we
had to like turn around like wiggle our
thumbs of the rest of the schools we did
it on stage like it was really
embarrassing but I kind of have fun
memories of it because it was kind of
funny
Wow how did you know see we always drink
like those pint glasses I know I know
it's such stupid forward
don't trip anywhere Oh careful
Sophie Sophie mm that's what a new
nickname for your nun don't be stuffy
like I don't know it's a bit weird I
don't know if I like it that much
I said it one day and I was like kind of
weird oh yeah it's kind of like cheesy
or something big job is is you know for
right final four people mmm you want
this address I mean the dress is over oh
no it's gone very probably because it's
focusing on your like seven oh whoa you
want to put some flaxseed in we haven't
I have no idea where it is oh it's kind
of cool cause it's the same color as the
actual blender
whoa that looks really good look it
matches the blender yes I see that's
cool bananas Johnson where's the lid of
this yogurt oh I have it for my
breakfast so it's kind of important
we might be moving in guys we yeah and
Thanksgiving I can't wait for
Thanksgiving my arms complaining because
I don't eat meat anymore and she was
like like I just need the baked corn
that's that's my favorite thing anyway
baked corn sweet potatoes corn bread
he's cooking everything corn that's
don't have I know people in America
house creamed onions whatever names Oh
cranberry Jonathan you're actually going
to die poor tin just don't do it like so
I mean do it slowly yeah see oh my god
that's what happened with me though
yesterday Jonathan didn't catch it but I
was pouring everybody water from the
water filter the whole filters hot like
fell off no I won't have one now I'll
have it later I just put it in the
fridge and I'll have it later I promise
anyway so the whole water filter top
fell off what how about you closed the
cupboard doors and actually clean up
before you enjoy your tasty dream how
about that Jonathan okay anyways what
are the things yeah so the whole water
filter like exploded and it went all
over the quiche
I'm the kitchen table and it was such a
disaster and like we're so embarrassing
as well because like I was trying to be
nice and do everybody else's serve
everybody else's water first and then do
mine I think what happened was
just was to like forceful I don't want
to do I don't know Mac this is something
really cool you can have it it's a
present from me to you do you want I
don't use what it's Joe get the micro on
do you want it no it's okay guys that
was Abby's first hit or last year I was
obvious first favorited we managed to
keep you guys remember from back then
it's so cute look at it it's like teeny
tiny so you guys were a few minutes back
then we put it in the box before you
knew people you knew new subscribers new
new family members family is forever
growing it's a big old family but
there's this his first to pee oh well
then doggy do you ever keep if you have
children around have you ever kept their
first little T DS Nikki's Nikki GM Nikki
kept out of these first I keep okay
Gillian geez chili cheese to the chili
cheese made the pineapple and you guys
interested in philosophy just had a
conversation there and it brought up um
this to my remember when I was about
like I don't know 10 or 11 years old or
12 or 15 or something like that okay I
remember and I had this fear dislike for
months on and II was just this
reoccurring nightmare of waking up and
being back at about the start of my life
and having to go to life again and
trying what mistakes
Nega my decision kind of butterfly
effect and then it moved on to Plato's
idea of the shadow world you know and I
was saying could you imagine if you woke
up tomorrow and you had the harder for
side of every yellow decision like if I
woke up and I was ten years old tomorrow
morning it's like I'm ten years old now
I would have the foresight of knowing
that when I'm 26 years old I am going to
make the decision to go back to
university and I'm also gonna meet Anna
and then at 30 years old I'm gonna marry
Anna and you know at 29 or something I'm
gonna start YouTube and I'm gonna start
doing this stuff and all that kind of
the the main decisions in my life that
led me to being here right now and
wouldn't it be really scary we did wake
up if you're happy because I'm very
content and I don't have a lot of regret
in my life would you would you have the
discipline not because as much as like I
would know it out of 26 so why not at 20
would I not come to Cork and saw that
Anna but then by approaching Anna went
on like 20 then it wouldn't be the same
circumstances that led us or even like
an hour before a week before they were
knowing that you're going to do
something at a precise date having the
discipline and strength not to go and
jump to the conclusion of getting up
because then it would probably alter the
entire outcome of how your life would be
just bringing your life with an entire
different Road and everything would
change but yeah I just had that fear
when I was younger that would actually
happen and no I was active imagination
as a child
this has gone very deep okay this is
this I think we should I think we should
jujin gosh hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just keep that yellow button
it if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer
gaming don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like these status at all times don't
forget to check out anna's dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out ackd Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at Anna ciccone
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course they
specify detection only a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
