Oh whoo that was that that was a sure
hella way to wake up in the morning time
guys we are going to see a house Theo oh
this could be it
it did a really good live in a good
location yeah it's in a very good
location it could be really nice it was
like the house you rented it's in the
same place as the house he went to see
the other day that I was like I love
this location I love this house this
structure I like the bricks that they
chose in the walls but alas it was made
in the 15th century
well it wasn't but it was just like an
old in their kitchen and I I'm a sucker
for the modern livin I like a good
margin living we do so um we found a
place pretty much across the road boom
same kind of spot Co everything else is
like available in it and modernized it
they modernized it for me so we're gonna
go check that out now
this could be it this could be it also I
ran the satellite broadband company that
we had in the old place and I was like
y'all brofist can you hook us up made
like you sort of em I made a pitch of a
deal
thought I could broker with them to give
myself a really good upload but in order
to get a really good upload I'm gonna
like sacrifice on my downloads because I
don't worry need a lot of downloading
speed I'm all about the upload yo so I
can buy D and provide the entertainments
to you guys so this could be it wishes
look also I'm going to be there's like a
dinner party for all my family tonight
my family my Irish family you happenin
that's my a my Irish name me half a ton
or Oh half a nun I'd be all half a ton
right yeah Jonathan or Heflin Jonathan
Patrick Christopher all Heffernan will
be my name
Cronos a total india which unless
chronic me so shop adora so do you think
you like it yeah devil yeah I like the
beds this is like that at the spare room
the bed speak garden storage room bad
solid like that was amazing I want to
move in right away I'm so glad we found
something I hope that everything went so
but but I was way no that was that was
nicer than the dream has one yeah it's
an occasion obviously once you have been
going on about living there or I know
yes and everything no I really wanted to
live there for ages and then you know
cuz that's where I used to babysit so
I'm kind of familiar with the Ariana
thing though
we were pretty much took it I called out
there I was chatting away through one
and we're gonna sign the lease on
Wednesday she's like a couple other
people came by them I like you guys and
definitely put you guys down but I don't
want to need competitive crap or life we
lose it again but at it is ours
Joe else the house actually comes with a
tweener there's like a painting service
attached to the house so she's like you
know you can keep the tuner if you want
or you can get remember I was like the
cleaner that was so good that was
amazing
yeah it's everywhere saying like oh my
god it's like I was like it's like
American Horror Story over the house
came with a cleaner oh I'm gonna get
juice to celebrate guys is really cool
what should I get what it is I think you
should should I I think you should I
don't even knew there was a market in
Douglas did you I did know but I just
know we never went cuz we always do from
your mom yeah yeah yeah this is so cool
like I think it's kind of similar it's
kind of the same stuff I love the smell
you're in like a farmers market and it
was like cooking sound but we felt like
this smell
Turkey's they me did you bring all these
places that you could totally bring seen
it anywhere but then that's kind of not
fair because then all of you stays at
home oh we have a new home yo guys
by the way John whose car is parked
outside our house
oh yeah where's the car where's the car
guys they're broke they broke their den
and outers they moved back with their
long life needs converting because we
were freezing and getting sick we invest
everything into the wedding that's it
time you guys gonna love the house
together I think we found a soon as you
bake that up as soon as you bake this
oMG Oh homemade bread and some
sandwiches is it leaking
oh my god I mean look at them mm-hmm the
corner you can reach into the screen and
get them Oh just reach in reach in the
bread brown matte plus there's a quiche
in the oven waiting slap this up oh oh
crap oh crap I'm fell over it's hard to
do this with a camera in your hand
what's in this one today zucchinis yes
the kenai look at them he knows he knows
misty and Asia around here you're
looking around for them should go a post
they put the ball ball ball got us with
the bloggers knees up like super early
again today you've been super earlier
than yesterday because we'll be gone on
our way into a janella saya
i spruced to myself even got my fancy
shoes on you like my shoes guys do you
think be nice yeah nice lip you don't
but I'm good nice let's get a shirt on
stuff going in to meet the family Joe
faces family we're in town at Anzio it
kind of midnight nice it's not night for
the stuff it's midnight
Erica what's the tree I said my fancy
shoes punk punk punk punk punk punk punk
punk
I will take a picture my job it no one
turned up guys much it's completely
empty
all right no we just say goodbye to
everyone else where people have a live
children or still waiting for everyone
else all my family is so ladies late
people trying to side with to get go so
much choice
here again it was always writing in the
box like God my Browns me and there was
stopped like five guys
bread and dips I have to take the bread
and put it in the gym although I broke
this over here
guys we didn't want to tell you for ages
but secretly we actually had a baby this
is my baby here secretly this is the
baby he was born on the day of my
wedding
- everyone ever get married and my
sister baby hey you know you stole my
thunder
you stole my tender no coming out on my
wedding day
nine dang - surely I'm feeling nice but
you get that if I change put enough
squash we bought the bigger in some
perhaps I mean they're throwing it in to
get the butternut squash too
the masala I got a cow actually bigger
you guys ever had one of them
what's that it's hard to go
that's exactly what it's exactly another
amagai
Oh
I'll build up yeah it's the man one
getting back inside we're waiting over
it's gonna sneak off with my rope live
here we're gonna check out his car it's
a hundred 2000s s2k yo so front of you
car enthusiast everyone else can just
turn off because this is gonna be
pouring okay I'm just warning you it's
gonna be boring but if you're a car
enthusiast might be fun yeah
she is it's kind of cool it's kind of
cool
I gotta load the enter this holy craps
I'll read in the inside
it's pretty awesome
so I can go read it's the single plasma
does the guy try to get the spot here
behind this and you guys in corn last
night saw us driving around with the top
down I think about a smoky day
this is awesome
and so eysan
dr. top-down
I'm gonna cope I'm gonna go left up here
we go waivers on its roof off and we
know I preside here we're gonna hope the
top of the road first up top the road
punch it punch it 150 for it
oh my gosh we didn't hit the power you
won't see the power that it will never
right
it's such an awesome car
I love the lights as you have to give to
stop the lights
everyone seems like he doesn't like it
the floor up like after it that's the
kind of attention that is brought to us
on the part if you want attention get
yourself one of these open on Newstalk a
new stock in the convertible
this is a some debates hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation you just
click that yellow button if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer gaming don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are 80 maybe or a
gentleman that like to be stylish at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
install that channel if you want to keep
up to date with twitter don't forget to
check me out at Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow at Anna's
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
societies have generally very limited
number of friends thanks again for watch
your videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
