what hello
how thoughtful with everyone no mommy
and daddy and my brother isn't sisters
have been very very busy these days with
the moveth house inherited a night what
well made poor Lauren see how that one I
went to see a house II on a lovely
Sunday morn set the Friday and it's
pissing rain so it's not that nice
alright let's go and check out this
Romeo
all right so kitchen Sunday so we
consider that one to be slightly Noland
no so cramped and squeaky I don't want
to be squished I need any freedom to
express myself in a free vibrant area
burger there's no makeup is you know my
cup my red cup my happy me your cup
states and all sorts of stuff Jim Gary
used to go with it Jim did bring it up
actually I think I might have actually
brought it upstairs okay hold on we're
gonna flying adventure and flying
adventure did put it in one of these
what's this one here I don't bring this
one up it's about kind of heavy
now is this one Harold a nicely no baby
it's cold outside this is Anna's room
when she was the kitty oh well that's
both these rooms but look she has other
stuff here if you guys have never seen
it I bought that Fran I think was like
her 22nd birthday cuz like it has a
little dog and everything Oh God look at
this like student council student
council class prize what's a prefect
class prize bass senior people
you can be sure I had no awards like
that when I was in school huh class fun
guy Park eat rower disco dancer they
were the kind of words that I had but
look this is all my biking stuff my
Viking boots packing boots here's a box
of all the blog cameras we'd be going
through first servers are up excuse me I
find this funny throw up in the box yeah
I know I brought the move because I
thinking when it was that rapidly
yesterday yeah yeah yeah with that do
you know if that was you guys teachers
wasn't it yeah thank you guys so we are
up in the sunroom which is a room that
doesn't really get used that much except
for well my dad used to use it a lot but
once you can probably tell it from all
the books everywhere but the cat's use
it sometimes to sleep in and that's
pretty much it so this probably has the
best light it's kind of like a
conservatory but it's not because it's
it's up at the top of the house one at
the top but it's kind of it's upstairs
and it's got like a really nice view of
the garden so it's pouring rain today
though so Jonathan is getting everything
ready I think he lost a little bit there
and yeah it's gonna be good hey guys
today I am doing a video on what is in
my travel makeup bag and now I know I've
done this video in the past before but
this time it's kind of different because
skies I'm homeless and I got taken a
whole mess like I'm not on the streets
or anything
worrying about me but basically we're
having some problems with our last house
that we had
if you walk you're at 8 o'clock you
already know this so we're off on our
walkie is a mother-effing walkie surely
annoys me why much you like don't want
to do something and then everybody says
they want to do it for you then you go
and give in and you decide to do it for
everybody
everybody just like before it doesn't
turn off or makes a big humid and it's
kind of like well I shouldn't have done
it in the first place
oh my goodness every time I try and do
something with my family
I'm this vlogging adventure that we have
begun always turns out to be a bit of a
mess it's like I always get like oh my
god holy crap that was insane like slid
never a marshmallow
but I just feel so like let down and
disappointed you know it's like oh god I
keep you know I'm such a hopeful Harry
you know I always like I keep you know
building up thinking maybe this time
it'll be different maybe this time and
it's like nope no just like my
graduation just like University just
like my wedding just like everything
it's always gonna end up with me just
being like disappointed and down or
something and I'm like I swear to
goodness
and then Anna's family the the the
shining light of families that the
wonderful amazing happiness and family
nacinda like
babies babies oh my god you know we're
supposed to go to the ballet tonight
look at this disgusting little dog who
was covered in muck
she is so gross and she's on my bed yuck
anyways so I'm in bed because I'm
actually so tired I did not sleep well
last night
at all I had like some kind of a
contraction who taught me eight can the
psyche if I'm not pregnant or anything
but it felt like what I would think a
contraction is it was like something
just contracting in my stomach and I
don't know whatever it was was like
excruciating for about two hours and
then eventually it just kind of went
away it was weird if you don't already
know this is the guest room there's a
whole lot of stuff right there that I'm
kind of living out of jonathan hoag drop
his huge ridiculous flat-screen TV at
there's a sunroom where we filmed
earlier today
um there's Xena
Jonathan's bed my bed and yeah and then
we have our own toilet and everything
like it's really it's pretty good for
being homeless so we we booked to see a
place for 11 or 12 tomorrow I'm not sure
and it's one of the neighborhoods that I
really like it's kind of I just think it
would suit us a lot better it's new it's
not brand new but it's pretty new
and I kind of spent not that I spent a
lot of time there I babysat there when I
was a teenager and I just kind of I
liked the area I like I like I don't
know I just like the feel of the area so
that's definitely good and the only
reason why we hadn't looked there before
is because they you can't get the
broadband that we wanted but Jonathan
just call it up and inquired about
another broadband company and turns out
they can actually provide us with pretty
good rap broadband it's not the best in
the world but it's better than average
oh my god modern warfare is so much
point it's a bit obvious because I'm
going to the ballet now after playing
modern warfare which is the big but I
got my jeans on I got my fancy shoes
fancy shoes fancy jeans and I'm wearing
my fancy job yeah I know I'm dread come
on I'm wearing my fancy shoes what are
you doing
I wanted to Erica I was like okay get
ready Holly it's pretty serious she was
like you're not wearing that it's like I
am that was the first wedding dress
wasn't it well no this is my emergency
one case emergency wedding dress cuz
it's not really a dress it's like I'm
never gonna wear this now you're never
gonna take me to a ball no look I'm
actually the weight of 25 and I gotta go
no it's good to well we did a tapas bar
to get some tapas not to type that on us
just gets him to help us oh my god Anna
and am i way too
sister-sister the latest in shoes oh my
the leather jacket check by check dress
check shoes Channel
my god I was going to wear my leather
jacket in my little skirt but much much
that was inappropriate is my patatas
bravas
patatas bravas rent a new word today
guys did you guys ever eat potatoes
po-tah-toes
she's kind of like four they don't you
got a pancake cheese looks like a
pancake cheesecake chicken patatas I got
double potatoes and chicken I did well
my potatoes look at this oh my gosh
yeah thank you
small abating all or nothing it is a
great place to eat I'm starting here
need to go all the way over there to the
opera house in the cold and the rain not
be God look at this
did you bite him up oh you saw ahead of
time
poor Patrick see
Torchic Street that does no light things
happen you haven't seen me before
they're really cool areas up there
okay not far now and here's the Opera
House
oh and there's a queuing outside super
if we're pretty much in same seats we
want for the Opera thing at me cuz we
just sitting over there like it's a
stage the stage is that because it would
be doing so we are popcorn at the Opera
they confer eclairs at the ballet brache
Martin who's involved
although we are upping the scale of our
passions are to three euros five you
when you get the water for five years
that's a five year apart
nobody's actually fill up those go to
kids here
I think yeah girls because all the boys
are home heard Martin warfare 3 and
obviously me
I actually think that that was better
than me at the Opera one last thing I
must say
gee Freddy upper one packable press the
uparrow key pair the upper one er
I like the windows like twins in them on
stage you know like that you the same
very different colors everyone's good
mental ballerina
now if you said that would have 50
closing around and the world of the
original
great Tracy's past one a one-for-one
trade oh yeah one point rate got a one
point ready
well yeah this is actually pretty
awesome
we should go through like the proper
London Broadway stuff I made some time
that's we should do next up you have
been to the Opera Ballet adding minute
with your brother in music our next
lesson generosity of control initiative
see
when I was reading the day on a quickie
look
it's really good you should totally
check it out was that like the last
night is the one night only thing I feel
like on my tippy-toes everywhere how
hard is it to walk in your toes she was
like home from science I have you know
like the last part you know in that am
just a show where are they all on
DirecTV toes and they're like go like
right across the stage for agents like
war and itch like it was invincible it's
like oh my
show us your bother that's pretty good
well vote sign your toes sign your
yapper Dave Miller wouldn't choose or
something Nicko wouldn't shoes on you're
pretty tall me they're like hey Jeff
steps that you have to lean in and do
that monkey brain tickle the ride cheese
is very important
we're very very sophisticated here in
the vlog ''tis hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation you just kick that
yellow button if you'd be the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that like to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's the
stolid channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out ackd Jonathan Joe Lee and of
course follow at Anna
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that word is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still loved because of horror States
but society that's gonna be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
