amen if the Santa Claus uses this
apparently so during the winter he takes
it your answers for this late chickpeas
non the biggest the biggest fan of the
chickpea myself like I like the first
half is just a chick I'm not so fond of
the PE part you know joint thing to do
guys right am I gonna ask this company
because I'll sing about you today lost
bro is it
expressing interest in their core cutter
rooster
good morning relevant let's rebel so I
was thinking of asking them if they're
interested in possibly maybe like I
don't know kinda like sponsoring a video
or whatever the hell the thing is you
know like where we get all that beauty
super star light so you can give me like
five or six of these things and then I
could like do some sort of a competition
something to like given to you because
relative asset because they're always in
a bronze I've always gone about how
amazing they are but they're only
available in court in our and nowhere
else can you get your paws on these
things which they should probably start
selling them online but who think it's
not a good idea would you guys like to
win one leave a comment if you'd like to
win one and it could be you have to be
champion court because that's kind of
like crap actually I prefer if you
weren't even in Ireland to be honest
because anyone in Ireland could probably
something I get the hands in it but I'm
I need to get out here
munchkins macho munchkins
Oh Gerber's Cara Hagen gerber sky Aegon
speciality premium burger special I know
she's a vegetarian so she would not like
a speciality bring me another let's make
some coffee
we're at the coffee machine you'll take
this video thingy slap it on there can't
be you still have the orange one what I
gave you and I you're not supposed to
eat the coffee beans like that are you
supposed to see me what is that is that
they look like cow Moos little baby cow
cool okay finder that rabbit who's
either way we did they definitely look
like poop they take means red lentils No
lanterns Templeton routines whoa
miss bombs that's me garden care me
although I like the ones in Germany who
are like massive know you got pretzels
everyday so I just tried ringing a whole
bunch of places for just to see like to
go to viewings and stuff and it turns
out I think the best way to do this is
privately like through you know like on
the websites and stuff it kind of
specifies whether it's an agency or a
private place and the agencies are
always so difficult to deal with
especially if you're honest with them a
bit having a dog doesn't matter if you
have a Labrador Golden Retriever or a
Maltese Chihuahua like it does not
matter they just kind of like this one
girl was trying to tell me that I would
have to pay a deposit for like a pet
deposit and I was like okay well how
much just that and she was like well
it's usually the same amount as the fur
as your first month's rent so in other
words you have to and you have to pay it
alongside your regular deposits who paid
like say your rent just like a thousand
euros a month right you have to pay 3000
euros when you move in like oh my god
and I was just like what whereas if you
go with the private person which place
we looked at yesterday which was a
private person you know it's that's the
landlord and you can just be upfront
about everything and you just started it
between the two of you and they usually
don't ask as many questions I just rang
this agency and she asked me like I just
all I want to do is make an appointment
for tomorrow to see it this place that I
don't even know if I'm gonna like or not
she asked me what I do
what company I work for want my my
budget was um who it's for she asked me
like all these questions and I was just
like okay I haven't even disliked now
you know all this information about me
and I haven't even decided if I want the
place yet like oh and then I just I told
I ended up kind of being like roped into
an appointment tomorrow that I for a
property that I wasn't even really
interested in like I just feel like a
fool I feel like this is what Jonathan
does all this like
official stuff because I just end up
being like taken along for a right or
something I don't know I just felt like
such an idiot after I was like why did I
tell her all that like white how how
what gives her the right to know all
this stuff that mean look I don't even
know if I want the place we're not gonna
probably oh and then the other thing is
I didn't tell you this part Jonathan's
gonna be really annoyed she told me the
appointment is at 11:30 tomorrow morning
I have to text her at 10:00 to let her
know that I'm still interested in going
you know Louise certain like you go to
the dentist they text you like an hour
before you know a day before to remind
you no no I have to text her at 10
o'clock tomorrow morning Damon hi I
would tell and tell her to like those
stick it over ours Oh Jonathan is so I
agree about that taking for a joyride
people that is really I mean come on
guys
am I being a brat about this like even
when we go to view a house like yeah
like you're always like oh my god you so
mean because I hardly even talk to a
person no idea well because everything
the people the agencies and stuff we've
learned the hard way there are no
there's so nice too in the beginning and
then this thick and you move it they're
like hmm well you know this little tiny
scratch wasn't there when you know you
first moved in or they just do anything
to not give you your deposit back and
like I tried to do everything the right
way I try to be upfront honest about
everything like I just don't know I
don't know what to do I feel like just
being a criminal just like trash and
glazes and stuff cuz you just feel like
that you feel like you pay all your
bills you pay rent on time every month
you do everything right and then you
just get screwed every time so that
sucks anyways I am going to have to
start because my mom is probably gonna
get annoyed at me if I don't
well no she's not like that but I'm just
know for a fact that she wants me to get
rid of all the stuff that's in the okay
so this is what I have to do I have to
take all of this stuff up to my room
which is all the way up there two floors
up
and by the way if you're wondering what
clothes I'm wearing these aren't my
clothes deserve my sister Emma's clothes
they're so nice she has such nice
clothes and she has really expensive
taste as well look I'm wearing I'm
wearing can you see that
oh yeah that's pretty better way I'm
wearing like a really cozy wool cardigan
which is so nights it's really open
it's really pretty and then I'm wearing
like just a kind of one of those eight
not asymmetrical to call this I can't
remember it's just really flowy grey top
she has such nice clothes seriously you
should you guys should check her at her
closet out so I have to take I need to
stop talking because I can't do both the
busy horny no tired you worn out outworn
call for backup the size of the bed um
oh you did actually move some stuff it's
probably never-ending is it yeah let's
get to it
Prentice they're not even there
oh well that's kind of better crap
no that's okay
hoppers best wishes hmm Sanji's Santa
Clauses psycho hoses yeah and it's not
cereal it's misleading is for sleeping
down here and in your life oh maybe I
totaled baby carrots or from biffed oh
great oh and you could have bought one
single one could you I know what I mean
handy yeah but let's find a huge big one
top farm because we have a microwave we
have a micro yes way from micro with the
way the waiting ability of the micro
system is very rounded chickadees
something like why should I buy these
now I'm like why should I not buy them
why not
oh my god the package backwards is
absolutely ridiculous what the hell kind
of think this place is that's better
that's better
come on
I think it actually rained all the live
long day
it had actually rained all the live long
day would you guys like you guys up for
some awesome coal coal or fuel for the
fire you will for the fire oh my
goodness I didn't actually do anything
in wipers are going mental
must have been mentally raining there
she goes there she goes lads and lassies
she goes lads and lassies how am I
supposed to do this now hold wow now
Liam lets go home Liam to play call of
duty look oh my god call of duty modern
warfare is not a bit up at this time
please try later or visit for status
updates no I know you're inviting me but
I can't get on you plan to didn't you
you made this happen yeah
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation you just click that yellow
button it you'd be the kind of person
that likes who likes a bit of computer
game he's also get to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's install a
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at aniseh ponies we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where if it's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages well
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook society that
can only be a limited number of friends
thanks again for watching videos and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
