I think I need to get something into
that Oh what are you guys doin' always
isn't so bad at this you're worse
because you put it in an aquarium round
a camera box
hold up Jonathan newtonia anyways so I'm
going into town now bye and you're gonna
stay here with Jonathan Erica I'll be in
Cena we're gonna bring all of this
upstairs because I promised I'd do that
room suppose you do everything no I said
that room if you've been here yesterday
how are you I can I be done now and we
shook on the fact that you do all this
yeah I said I'd do that room Jonathan
okay I have been abandoned I have been
abandoned but I don't live in Bandhan
smells like it but this is also coffee
that's I don't know chance which one
animus expresso espresso one of his
caucus room so I really don't want to
eat the wrong one even though I'm not
gonna hide him I'm gonna drink them
Robby's stupid saunas got into town with
mumsy oh and I have to move only stuff
because it was kind of just piled there
have to put it all away
and I said she's gonna put the other
stuff away I think yeah Eric is gonna
help me doing it because she's good
remember pre getting the coffee machine
this - I used to always make the copies
he was like pretty much manually filter
making coffee
pick the manual way the olden days olden
days this is a retro blog being here
again and no one ever seen as oxys I
don't have to see if it sucks it's goofy
it's Bob staff sees let's go move out a
staff sees and I have ourselves a good
time 150 glowing he's a different guy
shampoo conditioner today sometimes new
change my boot conditioner you know I
hate slippery carpet you know we can see
that we don't you step on a carpet and
that moves all the time oh thanks a lot
boobs thanks a lot for that buddy so you
know when you step on a rug and that
moves all the time
well that just talk darn annoys me I
just happen to have a hammer and a
little box of nails so let's just go
ahead and fix that
I remember fixing this years ago do you
remember that huh was about three years
ago I think your dad asked me to fix it
now I'm doing it again for another three
years hopefully these are tax in my tax
taxes situation
you know Erica likes to run having any
sense even held a hammer in your life
yeah
you have yeah Ryan my mistake no when
kill Emily
what kill Emily oh are you murdered
your sister that's why I'm a shepherd of
lucky more guys murdered her all right
when do the Erica test window stairs now
see if it passed oh look at this flame
to it look we found ice and her crazy
carpet oh goodness
seems like a job for me don't hand me
your head who you get sure the best
thing today was don't hand me a finger
hotter
I once hammered my finger my cousin
Jimmy came over and he had to fight it
off in English to say I start cleaning
this your finger Oh fat fingers you
dreaded piano you've got like skinny
fingers you should do this
oh it's misty and Daisy they have it or
something you know they're like welfare
southern back anymore do you find any
mortals get call 1-800 to leave it messy
like drop it on the floor now come on
swallow over the place mmm
he's you know it's okay where are we
going so I decided because of our
sadness and unhappiness and nothing's
working out guys we're probably gonna be
and Mama stylers for like a week or
maybe even two I don't really know got
to be out by December I want to put my
Christmas tree up somewhere and plane to
snow somewhere I tell you but I decided
I'm gonna buy modern warfare 3 and shoot
some people is that that always makes
you feel better you know herders are
great a great way to feel better
that is about Erika eating murders done
yeah yes you heard it here first folks I
wasn't notified Martin well I was I knew
I was going to buy modern warfare 3 but
I was like I don't know I could I could
have bought the Sylvania ng's it's
always a queue for McDonald's no matter
what time of the day it's always a queue
for McDonald's match party so let's make
myself feel better
that's what you do that's how you make
yourself feel better get yourself a
comfy bargain oh yeah actually captain
happy Christmas
I got you a car what would you what
would you pick just curious what would
you be drawn to would you be driving no
I know it's wrong again which would you
be drawn to this curious ones the dance
on Broadway
really nice I like the shooting that
like it's arrows quiet yeah
if you like the shooting which is fun
the funnest thing about them is that
when you've never played them before you
get to like rank up and stuff you can
play too
until your Mountain something and it was
a nice start with party I think that's
part of the move thing like the Wii
PlayStation of like a we thing now I got
it to make myself feel better I can't
show you just now okay for grown-ups
I'm all grown ups all the bustling
franchise and that's because of the
world of us you know no Erica you'd
never be allowed play that your mom
would be so annoyed at me hey guys
playstation ginormous TV there's my
setup yo ah cruds I'll have to connect
to the enterprise scuse me scuse me
coming through the chutes to lose on a
wait a second
I'm Danube Oh 13 pointing down i'm 2.5
up oh ho not going to complain about
that let's do it it's funny when you
just turn this game on you and I was I
going I just actually put the disc in
and right oh let's just go to
multiplayer I'm you touch the campaign I
haven't let anything it's just like oh
she's got a multiplayer because it's
just fun I'll open these turkeys off
because like you've got like zero I'm
like zero I'm like a noob I don't even
know anything let's just download they
call it a League application once they
leave applications okay you guys know
what the elite application thing is yeah
push Oh
exit the game
double good day in town tell me you did
you miss us
like we cleaned up we should kind of do
that handshake
always trying to get her little thing
out we basically just I just read a book
I went to the library I checked out a
book that upstairs and I read my book
oh yeah I am so because everyone is
always telling me that there's a huge
blown-up picture of me and Martha oh and
you CC MUCC
and I got my mom to show me where it is
never seen it it's actually a computer
they must help so many pictures of us in
stock well it's a different one yeah how
big is it
it's like it covers like the whole door
no way her window I'm not sure but like
you know that sighs we must actually
drive up there and show them when the
legatees it's like you know when you put
like decal yeah yeah yeah covering a
whole window or like those sides of the
bus yes I thought it's crazy it's so
funny I don't look good somebody tweeted
me I was like your hair is short don't
watch enough like oh god what well you
know quite 19 its yeah suppose it would
my hair is shorter though and it's like
a little wavy that's all did you have
lunch
yeah deckers I didn't get any lunch all
right
it's so cheap as well what is I got
apricot tart where do you go Oh doing a
cluster of my nose then I go back
upstairs and read my book so we're going
to see another house y'all and we're
late because we had to drop Erica the
piano
excited let's put down Call of Duty for
a moment though a little 15 in my first
inning I was like oh I'll just pull up
that I'll just I'll just stop now I just
you know and I just it was awesome and
thanks a lot of any of you wear any guys
because I was jump I got like so many
invitations to play and I was like
jumping from like lobbies till I be his
nose like so and thanks a lot if you
were there helping me out you know
because I was just lost running around
wrapkin I don't know what I'm doing and
it was like a fish way and I was like
I've lost I was a noob love-15 not so
new be any more not so movie anymore
okay
let's see of this house is any good hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
take that yellow button if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh it's a
bit of computer gaming don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like these status at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
the stylized channel if you want to keep
up to date with twitter don't forget to
check me out at Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow at
Kony's we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where there's
a community page you'll also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
societies actually very limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
