oh hey guys caught me in an awkward
situation they're trying to move
everything today is one of those days
where every single part of me does not
want to vlog because I feel like I've
let everyone down but it's not in a
sense I've let everyone down I just feel
like faith has let us down and we were
hoping for a win but we didn't get the
win and the other couple had a baby
arrrr so they decide to give the house
to them and then we don't know what
we're gonna do then we have to get back
to vine today so we've got to offload
everything and store it in Anna's old
bedroom which is unlike the turn floor
of this big house but I feel so like if
you saw like a ladder went down you see
so like like this heart and you know and
I'm a positive but I'm gonna use my
positivity obviously keep things
positive and keep moving forward but
just like all of this stuff has to just
unload it for no reason and it's like
and so I'm so hurt and disheartened and
upset and like oh my god no but it's
obviously gonna lead to something better
just like honest and I was like I feel
so and shame like even say if anyone
yeah okay well actually so getting
somewhere
come with us and stuff next time I need
to put everything in boxes she didn't
have any boxes your inbox we had were
like a couple of those but this is so
torturous because it's like we're doing
this for nothing
oh my god this needs to go not up there
up another flight of stairs and then
after that's done which will take a lot
of energy because it takes some I was
like sweating when that's done we have
to find a place obviously and then take
it home on the way down
probably put it into like two cars or
take a few runs each time and then
moving to a new house such disaster oh
and this is such a nice room see I tried
I didn't want to overlap it over there I
just wanted to keep it here so I better
get back to work come on
can I look fashionable while doing this
yeah Oh TV come on I'm freezing I'm
freezing how are you freezing
oh I'm sorry for your coldness if you
need to warm myself up by doing
something I have been doing inside why
don't you have an elevator in their
house for God's sake I know quite
ridiculous boring life actually no it's
not the warmest day of my life
it's the most difficult no it's the most
annoying day of my life I am an open
shirt decorate notice that Jonathan is
doing the heavy lifting
but I actually brought a ton of stuff
there's already a lot of stuff up in my
old room which is where we're eventually
gonna move everything so it looks like
I'm doing nothing but I'm actually doing
a lot this is the lowest point of my
life this is the lowest no you only get
better from here you oh yeah go down why
you see you guys like in two weeks in a
month's time like when we've got like
the perfect house everyone's like
awesome people like
right now but life would be boring if it
was all laughing what Jesus all his
Christmas earrings look at this we need
more boxes oh my goodness
case is nearly empty oh it's a bit of a
hill here so this is this stuff is
pretty easy to do cuz like the Good Book
I think that book is here lads it's kind
of funny though that I'm that switch
between though there's like almost the
last thing you trying to show me
something you trying to tell me
something a good book she goes remember
a while ago when Bella sent us some
cards um and this it just like exploded
everywhere I forgot to open you
carefully I forgot that you actually
filled the card up with their little
things so just drop them I explode right
- icon
Oh quickly punch and we're almost done
just these two big things to move and
we're empty in the wrong house of course
I think what I feel so am so kind of
like disheartened about in the census is
really you guys you know I really feel
that you know I was reading all the
comments yesterday and you know on
Facebook and Twitter like hundreds and
everyone's like you're gonna get the
house and I believe in you I'll be
praying for you and I I just don't want
anyone to think that you know because we
didn't get it I want you guys to lose
faith in whatever it was - you taught
her I don't want this to be dead like I
love my show to be always positive I
love I love to spread positivity I love
to give you guys you know when I when I
read the comments like you know I talked
about unanswered prayers and like the
super awesome comments you guys are
leaving about hurry and moved you or
motivated you are or you connect it or
something and I love when that happens I
don't I mean I just like sprawl out with
something and then all these comments
from an analyst
Wow like mmm I love making a few people
feel better you know and I don't want
people like thinking like oh crap like
Oh God look what's not gonna work for
them it's probably not gonna work for us
like it's just you know this probably
was what was supposed to happen you know
this would it probably did come to
fruition like this is what all your
prayers or hope or faith or whatever was
that made happen was this because this
challenge that we are enjoying right now
is needed we need this challenge I
suppose for I don't know what reason is
right now like I can't I can't see the
future I don't know what the world war
is gonna be like you know it's like I'm
like I've been fired from loads of jobs
of my life and every time I get fired
you know you can go home like or you can
just go like thank you very much like a
nice always like thank thanks a lot like
I appreciate that you know never like
what the hell is guys crazy you know why
is he thanking us for firing him you
know are gonna break up with someone
like in life thanks a lot because now
you know I'm over that relationship I
don't need to waste my time in our
relationship or waste my time in that
job because now you've pointed me on
you've brought me to the next phase of
where I need to go of what I need to do
and Robin has just landed right beside
me that's crazy
hello little Robin hello little Robin
rosy okay I just saw it wrong there but
that's just how I feel about this you
know it's like all right okay so I
wasn't sure I really thought that I was
supposed to go there but you know thanks
for guiding me on back to where I'm
supposed to be you know and sometimes
you do that you know you get confused or
you get lost and stuff and I just I just
you know the first thing when I spun out
when I heard this morning I won't go
again the fun first talk was for you
guys you know my first time you're out
you're almost like I know a lot of you a
lot of you guys are older than me or
like you guys are younger or the same
age but you're kind of like children or
something you like the children of my
creation or am i whatever this is you
know and and that's how I feel I always
think about you guys whenever I do
something I always think like oh how can
i film this or how can I show you guys
that or you know I'm like sneaking a
camera in somewhere
I'm like you know I'm like totally like
I'm gonna be like breaking lard doing
something but I'm like I just want to
show you guys I want to entertain you I
want to when he give you something you
know and that's the first part I was
like ah naw man I feel like I've lead
I'll let you guys down and it's not I
don't think there's anything I could
have done better or whatever but you
know it's just it's it's funny like that
you know I feel that once I get rid of
the fine
and once we pack away everything you
know as much trouble as it is I don't
feel that then I'll be forced to make a
snappy rash decision because I think at
the moment put everything the way it was
and you know it's like oh okay we'll
just we'll just take it and stuff in any
of this like and you're not making
mistake again you know and that's what
happened last time and we're very
blessed to I suppose have the support of
Anna's family here that we can come and
stay here which is amazing which is
giving us a lot of time to I suppose you
know make the right decision
family is awesome come on guys do you
pee pees do you pee pees cuz you guys
are gonna stay here let's drive home the
bus okay this thing is Mathis and
stingers mitosis my message oh it's
kinda nice being up this high
I get what people buy big jeeps and
stuff you know and see the air I can see
the air the advantage there we go
Fangio has dropped home
I wish I had a whole meal back at the
airport OHS Airport oh wow that's such
an amazing car park oh my goodness Wow a
large car park
so now we'll head home to our temporary
abode temporary abode which comes with
meals which is nice
hi how are you
is such a cutie
he's such a cutie cutie pie huh is it
cutie pie you oh oh you went the route
don't you you want the rose hmm you're
walking all over my computer this is it
oh that's what she's supposed to go
sleep oh she's just a darn cutest turn
cutest hey obvious here he'd be so
jealous TV so annoyed you know right
it's okay
you can stay here now this is a house
that I like very much but Jonathan is
not so pushed because there is not so
good interest in
yeah guys we're never able to see what
they do look look they don't know right
here
oh oh they know they know they here is
talking hahaha that's so cool
cuz they never can do whenever you know
big windows like that we can actually
see them that has the no lien by the way
I've decided hasn't denied the only ones
actually hold on look they're more
manageable I decided I was as the nice
person I am i suggest MSD I said sit
down there watch your television and I
will prepare and serve tonight's evening
meal what have you done what have you
done
play seriously read read
they're only euro as well boom gray wait
i hi guys okay
this work
oh it's got a little clips on it I
remember the first time I saw that's
like my mom was like she did this so she
just did it really like yeah and then I
saw like two other people in the shop
with the same thing Rosa
that is so cool awesome you guys need
anything stir-fried chicken stir-fry and
then I'm gonna make a separate stir-fry
for Little Miss vegetarian Nina sesame
six
they're awfully small I think what
does it happen yeah okay so we just get
the chicken could strip it up get some
peppers and stuff
yeah just turkey right that's fine I
don't you get to it yeah yeah okay are
you can over the vet you just take
chicken out we can make you a set one
yeah we don't need that goodness by the
box yes they have together yeah yeah
okay score I don't think I've ever
bought this much food before are like
dildo Batali this much before finally
shortly this point
lot isn't it family shopping I don't
even ever feel that were trying as much
have we oh my god guys look George
talked way to Said's good look was here
oh my god the under go if that's crazy
yeah oh my god it's like it's like the
whole world is coming together as one
shopping center look I did think Oh
oh my god Oh Christmas either like its
its top and bottom it's not like it's
just top or anything we are always gonna
live there that's the first time we
actually met am the crazy pants lady so
Jonathan is cooking dinner and he has to
make you separate one chicken no Turkey
tell anybody look at Albion Cena you're
happy to have your beddy-byes hmm I
think they're probably happy to have a
warm house yeah I'll show you something
my mom made our flower hair out flow
it's one of my favorites it's one of my
favorite desserts very good yeah but my
mom never made banoffee I'm kind of
reminiscing with a famous figure
homemade dessert she's so cute I feel
bad for them though because I didn't
have a wok or anything today
I'll be just like conked out
oh and in case you're wondering why
there's cat food on a concept waters
disgust on a radiator it's because
at all sees everything and we're almost
done here's the carnivores dinner
getting managed be insane never actually
cooked this before like then you guys
it'll cook refined beans or refried
beans I think you just like to fry them
up and then just that a little bit of
peppers and a little bit of chili sauce
with them added stuff stuffs ins and
that we have it all done there's Anna's
vegetarian with their beans and r1 yeah
cuz I love you meanies do you know I
loved you hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation you just pick
that yellow button hey you'd be really
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer gaming don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like to be stylish at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
the style that channel if you want to
keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out at Jonathan Jolie
and of course follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that worries it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
still love because of course Facebook
society that shouldn't be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
