just finished filming a makeup tutorial
and that will be up next week probably
but I'm here with Little Miss who just
woke up from her nap oh no oh no I just
compared to like everybody else on
YouTube with like I'm such a mess like
the bed wasn't made my hair is all like
just air dried and looks like whoo I had
to whisper half the video because the
baby was asleep what else was going on
in that video dogs are barking in the
background I'm like not like your
typical Instagram ready mom close it's
real it's real life and I open a bag and
a piece I mean the Pinterest life and
the Instagram life is all fabulous but
it's just not real like that's just not
how it works
and I'm never going to be like ready
like photo ready for in all areas unless
I'm not like a photo shoot or something
and like somebody else do my hair and
makeup and like everything is perfect in
the background like it's just never
going to work like that like look at my
setup now I have to clean all this up
it's a mess there's lipstick on my seat
because if Margo drew on it the bed is
still not made also the bed doesn't fit
this bed because we're still waiting for
the new bed so the mattress doesn't fit
and there's just stuff everywhere that's
real life I suppose I'll look back on
those videos and just be like probably
miss the chaos to be honest you know
like look at this to our bedroom has
just turned into like a baby station you
know of course where isn't that true mom
oh where the gun don't know anyways
let's get her changed
let's get your change I'm so excited
over are you bed like you've no idea
that was like a massive purchase Brooke
I don't know like when we first moved in
here we were in a rush we had moved
countries which if you've done it
before it's really really tough and like
we were pretty much broke when we
weren't broke but like yeah like we had
spent a lot of money on movers on
because the gates international like on
relocating on the relocation agency like
everything the deposit like just
everything we didn't know if we're going
to stay here or not and so we bought
like a load of furniture from Ikea
because it was just fast quick we
couldn't wait for like 10 weeks or
whatever the usual waiting time is we
needed a bed we needed like just some
basics and so we just bought like all
Ikea stuff not just making at all
because some of the stuff like I'm well
actually most of it I'm taking with me
there's like one or two pieces that are
a bit wrecked that I probably won't take
with me to the new house but like this
bed is absolutely fine it's just it's
going to be our spare bedroom bed you
know but like we needed to move fast and
we needed to do it quick so that's what
we did then after that it's just taken
so long to like replace so all the kids
furniture is like good like really
expensive like really senses like good
quality furniture like I bought it all
like from like John Lewis and like it's
just more sturdy like it would last the
test of time whereas a lot of the IPF
stuff is a bit flimsy again not just an
Ikea like there's things that I really
want to keep like this is perfectly fine
love that and that makeup table love
that
so shelves are a bit mess but like we'll
get over that the bed again fine it's
just like our coffee tables got really
wrecked there's like a toy box chest
thing that's got a ruined but like all
in all like they're fine
you know you just want to buy stuff that
will last so that's what I did at the
kid stuff but with ours I didn't do that
at all so finally we got a new mattress
and then
and we really wanted to get a super king
bed because it's just too much like too
many people now get into our bed in the
morning and it's squashed and it's just
not comfortable I know and so I just
would like screw it I'm just going to do
it I'm just going to buy a bed and buy
like a really fancy like dream bed for
us which was the super king bed and the
super king bed the super King this super
king bed that I found from Laura Ashley
oh my god and yes expensive but I don't
care because I feel like I'm going to be
30 this year I'd be like a nice bed okay
so that's what I did and I kind of did
splurge but I really didn't care I was
just like this is so worth it and it
feels amazing but you don't get it for
ten weeks so currently we've got we were
like The Princess and the pea because
we've got like two mattresses actually
I'm sitting on top of each other I know
that's stupid but we don't have space
and there's a massive mattress on top of
the two small bed because we're waiting
what this bed it's like click the stuff
of dreams of like if you want to know
what it is I can remember what it's
called but if you want to know what it
is I pinned it on Pinterest oh yes I did
and I've been like looking up well cuz
we're moving and obviously we're
decorating and stuff anyway I've been
like pinning loads of like home decor
I'm so excited so excited to finally
move like I mean the long process but
I'm excited to like have our own house
and like just do all the stuff that I've
always wanted to do to it but I know
it's going to be how it looks in my head
is going to be very different to how it
looks in real life because the reality
of it is that we have three kids and six
dogs so things don't stay a certain way
for long
okay that's the deal with the bed okay
let's get changed
that's a very important news for
everybody tell us Amelia what is we got
to take you're having a baby
oh my goodness the legs are hanging out
how many months pregnant are you
no no month
you mean you just got pregnant theater
is a slide buzzing up there
I think he's banging off the wall so
tell me what's your baby
what kind of what baby is is it a boy or
girl Turner Wow oh you're M it up high
so plyometric babies realize that their
legs are just dangling out in the last
few weeks of pregnancy so you're walking
around with like dangling for the
edoardo station yes this is part I just
left but imagine like your legs just
dangling out oh we had a whole word you
had a home birth Oh Oh your baby isn't
turned on very great there's more Joel
did you set your baby as well yeah it's
water the daddy it's more know you're a
daddy you know I know my brother
Oh a lot of responsibility guys being a
parent now okay you're gonna have to
mind her all day long term right thing
when they give you the sugar bag in
school especially she we're going to
watch you guys okay okay oh we just
imagined you could switch your children
off they'll be amazing so we'll put them
on mute all right babies in her chair
all right now we just dropped a parade
oh he has been cast as building a robot
today somehow this Sunday is going to be
amazing
you'll notice he made a robot if she
builds a robot yeah that's the plan
really yeah the robot the robot music
video this week so what I have to build
a robot for just is somehow like
MacGyver we're gonna trap her in like a
shed stance and and and and a robot will
come out live in a tank or something hmm
just hang in a bow with my little friend
les yeux hello this yeah
okay we have an interesting scientific
experiment to do here friends so a
couple days ago Vivian who works on my
team in-game features uh what's at me
and said Jonathan I have a question
about Burlington and children she said
that I think adults twit blink twenty
times a minute
but apparently babies only blink twice a
minute so I was thinking let's go find
out if that's actually true let's just
keep an eye on so now we're 30 seconds
into this clip that's yeah let's see how
many blinks we get in the next minute I
did end up links we're just kind of
we're just going to check for scientific
up one we've got one blank folks one
blank Wayne here now and stuff a lot you
let me know
can't the blinks you want to do anymore
so you you let everybody know at home
when you want to do a little blink okay
whoa look along she's got a little blink
tip that is I think you two that whoa
there is been about that three why don't
why don't they blink I don't think he's
buying that's yeah we are we forcing
ourselves to blink now I'm like 40 miles
of blink
come on keep watching to learn to do I
force myself to bring close yeah that's
interesting that's interesting
I mean Eduardo out by the way if on a
swim camp swimming calm those living in
the calm
foot day hopefully they're going to be
amazing summers
so we can go on a holiday with a pool
and they can swim like a pool and they
better not rule when they're on a
holiday with a pool huh are you up there
you have enough oh my goodness
so look at you oh my goodness we need to
do this out okay that's yeah yeah look
at the camera no no no no no no no no no
it's okay it's okay look
my name is Alessi I'm the brains of the
bunch yeah yeah it'll be worth it
you keep turning keep turning hello
hello ready ready
my name's Alessia of the Braves of the
budge you're the brains in the bunch
no you don't like it oh my goodness pick
it all right we are putting that as one
of the pictures on the 2018 snow enjoys
calendar okay
oh my goodness we need to fill it we
need to shoot that scene actually you
guys wanted 2018 schedule calendar do
you do you do you work what you missed
that last year's key this could be this
was going to be your first calendar it's
gonna be your first color that's yeah
all right so the robot costumes are made
by the way I've just recorded I'm just
back up just recorded the song the robot
sauce for this weekend this is the kids
outfits where's my 100 this is moment
all right put on your coat
daddy has to build his of you have you
done the hands and everything so I might
have something to actually cut the wire
because oh I have lip service and yeah I
gotta say like a cool hippie tough what
well yeah my my robot is a stock of
robot what you wanna try one on the
tribe would show for you a robot I feel
sighs I just want to be a robot a robot
the other one yoga's long got to show
that to LA and this is a little sneak
peak this Sunday Oh
oh my goodness to be out here so you can
see there oh you ready then you hide up
okay now I just wanna be a robot
Hey look out for that video on Sunday on
the friendliest friend channel don't
forget to check out the drive-thru video
and all the other videos that we've made
they're hilarious and they're amazing
and we might win a basket this year for
us maybe not what state what you got
free music um the brick everywhere
everywhere oh that's enough we make do
today they've got hardened his handful
of portuguese for you always yours the
beautifulest
what an hour boss hey leave it hung
alone just nice time it is night time
it's the right time to go to bed time
but he's a friend all right I mean yeah
let's go give mommy so much laughs oh oh
did you come on mister no forbidden
markers so cool hey matches blankie bear
there we go here we go watch y'all both
together both together game's over night
night night alessia sleep tight sleep
tight
you see you in the morning time right
right
get your new pajamas on okay right I
don't know what also came back
what's wrong with my baby back how are
you like me I like the room is nice and
clean mister oh you can put on in the
morning when you wake up okay because I
know you like to wake up at about 3:00
or 4:00 in the morning and right now I
know you guys to get up really early in
the morning hey I have a fun game let's
play lion game when we played a lion
game right now what sighing game oh it's
very exciting okay so in the morning
time you know when you wake up okay you
know when you wake up and you decide I'm
going to come there to Daddy in the
morning time or sometimes at night time
okay what you do is you stay in bed
quiet and you like read books and you
daydream and you just like spend good
quality time with yourself in bed what
do you think
no really yeah oh never going to work
never gonna work in it when it does work
I'll be like yeah your bags it's two
o'clock a new weekend you know we're
gonna win I don't know what the sweet
spot is I don't think there is a sweet
spot carried a sweet spot
anyway that's girlfriends friendliest
friends yeah - now time to brush her
teeth oh come on
right we like times you Ariel and
O'Laughlin
oh I'm sorry is that
whispers ready for light boom I got
dizzy if you brush the teeth versity or
you have black teeth and they'll fall
out and you won't be able to eat
probably you want to turn on the head
are when you are quiet I think with you
I helped fund the answers I work out for
you and when you were brains unbalanced
on and every adventure will take in our
stride
kids are in bed and it is time for food
and this is been a favorite night of the
week because we're all staring oh my
goodness and it makes that hanging
that's hardwood so I'll be one so hey
guys did you know her she didn't know
but I'm going to tell you now we got
Alby eight years ago today eight years
ago today we collected Alby from
somewhere in Surrey areas there now and
we drove them home where we used to live
in which Greenwich remember than eight
years ago we got our first O's our first
kid I'll be was like our first child
since this day eight years old we have
been responsible for somebody yeah for
somebody and it's just increased instead
one then two then six then seven and
eight and nine oh my goodness
we should have waited I feel like we
should waited like not I don't regret
getting Alvie but I just feel like I was
going on 21
yeah didn't know what a like I don't
know I don't
it is a way bigger than using didn't
even understand that yeah we can I was
like what though if any of you guys are
considering getting a job it is a
massive commitment it is massive it is a
life that you are responsible for 20
years
well yeah
around 20 years have to think about
every time you go on holidays save all
the holidays ever since we've had dogs
the holidays the most expensive part of
what's going away in holidays is looking
after the six dogs have to go somewhere
that's like the most expensive part well
you get up one dog maybe I just won't be
still do have to think that you do you
think about all the stuff we're talking
about you live here okay baby then maybe
you get good with that and yeah we're
gonna shoot our friends thanks for
dropping by and spending today with us
again hmm looks like sweet pea by the
way sweet potato and steaks and public
sweet corn or something and then to wash
it down we're going to drink two bottles
of wine it's gonna be amazing
okay yeah okay later my friends thanks
watchin take about our friends why I
could be heroes oh I hope we're
multitasking
Oh
