hmm hey thank you guys what's going on
look what is OB so it's like seven
o'clock in the morning on Monday and in
an hour to whenever the real place opens
I will call them about the house they
originally wanted and find out like what
are you messing about what leaving it
over the weekend like did we get it or
did you not and also I'm going to try
and call the other has to when we were
sneaking in the windows with and seeing
Anna for me to see that today and then
if we like I want hopefully close on
that one but it really is up in the air
with both of those because we like both
that I was and it's like we need some
names on me ow me we do we shares they
do lunches here I must say this is the
cozy little experience you know Naomi I
promised them I obviously guys I
promised you guys our house it is you
guys the house he to have a massive
housewarming woo of play you guys from
all over the world now this is all in
dream world just in case anyone thinks
that I'm actually going to do that oh I
said this a few days ago but this could
be the worst day or the best day of our
lives and that's up this time it's
actually the best day of our lives
so I decided to call the agent who is
looking after the dream house and I rang
him I was just like hey guys look I'm
living in the trailer like I need to
know what's going on he was like look I
spoke to the landlord on Friday and the
this property is owned by a few
different people because it's quite a
big house so there's probably a few them
as an investment property or something
and he was like they don't want to go
with the group of people which is the
girl that was mean to Ana so she didn't
get the house is like summer
sorry they're gonna be you or the order
like they want to give it to a couple
because obviously it's probably easier
to deal with a couple and I was like
dude look I don't even out of a trailer
I'm a trailer park man you know and he
was like look I'll get you I'll get you
an answer like straightaway like you
know I'll try my hardest I'm gonna call
that so so we are still like it's not
over yet you know he couldn't ring me
back and say they've decided to go with
the other people but like this is this
is like we're still in contention for
this house like that's crazy I really
thought that was over I thought that was
it was a pipe dream you know plighted
I'm excited again oh my god but I don't
get too excited because he couldn't ring
him back and say hey I've actually
decided to go with the other ones oh my
goodness oh my gracious
albe he does not care just left can you
just not understand
just understand I know she's right off
to tell her mom I should probably bring
the other house and go see it try to
organize an appointment or something you
know either way oh my goodness oh my
goodness Tina oh my goodness oh my
goodness so it's taking me about an hour
to find my shoes oh my god it's getting
worse and worse each time head into town
because I'm just waiting on a phone call
and it's driving me insane so we need to
go do something to distract ourselves
because I don't like when white runners
with jeans remind the house - now in the
house guys Christmasy it is
No
it's okay like fishing oh my god it's
like so super Christmasy here oh my god
it's like
full spread and look big huge Christmas
tree and everything oh my goodness it's
so pretty so pretty my house name is not
yeah we'll get a house bro yeah baby
steps we've got a freshly ground morning
where Heller did you know that this
place is something to do a coffee
roaster
such that it's a rainy today in Park
Iranian farmer I suppose what you expect
for in November Eve yeah yeah that's
where you buy them Lindsay's toys for
the dogs bring point mister wacky hat
I'll look the Christmas windows are up
in brown Thomas video there's nice
mushrooms mushroom is what she means a
lot look at that one it's kind of cool
that's not Christmassy it's more Viking
II or something in there what's the next
step
oh yeah look at the Owls and off yeah
that's cool
can we see it it's super effective it
does actually it's a bit too reflective
so you guys probably can't see it fully
look at this one that's really cool
it's cool you want to see inside this is
like a mean big light station I love it
before
I said we're gonna go to Liberty grill
for lunch
I've never been to Liberty grill you
have Avenue yeah
didn't they actually tweet you cuz
they're like oh my god thanks for
calling
cuz I'm I'm having a big sort of a
family thing on Saturday bro my family
that couldn't call make it to my wedding
so they're all coming up to court so
we're looking for a place to do it I was
gonna do it in Liberty grill right over
being there so this would be kind of
cool it should be kind of cool guys uh
kids the enemy the enemy across the way
that sort of thing there no Liam no Liam
the ship EMM a joke Joe first English
and then another one English two javis
so if you don't know words you can just
look it up oh no Liam no Liam to you
know to mean about off or have none and
if there's trading places they never
rang me back
we got here they have a French mm-hmm
have that brunch in a while what do you
think it Ahmet
one that an apple salad this night see
see this first first time I look at this
like I was mistaken I thought that said
lamb and goat burger as in like a lamb
they take a lamb and a goat and then
they go the baby and you get there one
of those little Bobby things
oh cheese balls
nice did you get over here mom they want
us yeah I'm gonna enjoy this
but towards you chills so they still
haven't caught it and it's half - it's
just like oh my god I'm the associate
member here - were torture here so we're
gonna go look around
no so then we're gonna head up
I know it's not the guys because he
needs to get sign-off from the guy that
actually owns the property you know and
he said like all I'm just trying to
shooting him like to get sign-off and
sell for my dog it's so cool
oh my god we're probably making
everybody feel all Christmasy cuz we're
always in Christmas hours now all guys
look at the troll boys they're really
cool-looking yeah Christmas stuff
no reads yeah well depending on which
house we get you know like I think I'm
this one like more whoever can do the
best I know about that one although I do
have a dream I have a dream that we're
gonna move into the house and it's gonna
snow and I'm gonna fulfill a dream later
is actually unfurnished which means and
we got that house we'd actually have to
buy beds and tables and all sorts of
furniture so that would be kind of fun I
suppose and chandeliers
we need a chandelier and you know you
need a chandelier what would people
think who want to come into our house
and say oh my god you don't have a
chandelier we'd have to get obviously a
mannequin and a table and do all of this
kind of bad it's really nice damon
albarn
it's guys we call them monsters that
he'd go close yeah or the window waiting
on the call today does come furnished so
we wouldn't actually need it but am it
kind of happened half like them I'm
excited to we got our own like furniture
and stuff I don't like white furniture
did you get white burning Pharaohs you
get wooden furniture Cena would love oh
yeah white wood wood wood feet would try
pinky yeah no this is nice though
Architects cherish
nothing I'm not only a pink person
myself
pink I think it's a bit like old pink in
my bedroom and you were thinking like
your makeup room was like aristocrats
not old people's homes but um yeah like
old rich people yeah yeah I hope to be a
young rich person someday I don't want
to be an old rich person so that is
booked for a Saturday that worked out
quite well
Oh we didn't actually end up going to do
see one called liberty grill so we're
not actually going to live review are
going to an other place but yeah all
booked
oh so you might actually meet some more
of my family although some of them
probably will not want to be on the
Block ADIZ that's the thing people
always say about Emma and Erica and
they're like oh why don't you put them
in the blogs it's not less not prettier
I'm totally just turn this right now but
it's really up to their decision whether
they wants D an image e and I think
they're choosing although and I sort of
coming around look isn't that cool look
at the size of it we're having on and
then this way yeah cool cool yeah yeah
yeah whoa it's massive my focus it's my
focus I've never been on a big ship like
that I supposed to being on fairies
horrific I've ever been on a cruise ship
part of quark this is like I am the
actual tripod mounting device who woulda
thought a hand is this good
that's a tripod so it's almost four
o'clock and we haven't heard anything
yet but we are at the other house and
we're meeting the man with the num-nums
got any dum-dums creating a man with the
key is where the other house which is
that house there which we meeting here
at 4 o clock but I don't know you might
have to promise me you definitely call
by the end of today what's gonna knowing
because when you want the other house
but I like the sense - I know and it's
like ah because we can't like we have to
like I extended van hang out again for
one more and he said that's the max they
can actually do for insurance and stuff
so it has to go back by half 3:00
tomorrow you know change we have to find
somewhere to empty it or we just to pour
all our stuff in the middle of the road
we're going to introduce the family to
dead juicer not the urn the juicer this
is an art not an IE Ron
would you like to ie Ron my clothes
please this listen to them is it a or
Iran or B Arne you are in clothes you
iron clothes didn't even include this
right
all of this my class boom and avocados
what do you think would you like an
airline ticket anything strawberries but
their mom said that no yeah no I'll
season strawberry it's not good
very imported then okay let's get a
pineapple
and that's a vegetable adventure type
out okay I'm gonna go pineapple so Ernie
two pineapples because there's four of
us
yeah I know it takes a lot a lot of
juice I don't think that's a mango
it is it's super fun right CDs - yeah
but looks feel hard it is it needs no it
needs to be squishy so sitting in a good
avocado
and a bluebird is too much all the
weights in the shop inside there again
yeah anything chocolate and injected
into my soul number we're obsessed with
lightness I'll be your friend
yeah no no
so then you see batteries batteries are
not include to make it work thanks God I
don't create weird
yogurt and the thing it's simple to
welcome your people or I know
let me to notice you but I'm just
holding an awkwardly Claire we just like
what Eileen sets up well okay here we go
all the collective items that were going
to need to introduced into introduced
everybody to juice introduced Erica that
was your first experience of the juice
how do you feel about that good yellow
like ripples going through the desert
delight
we don't talk about that much
but nothing on a machine did you see
this fancy stuff and I hope she's got
like all this KitchenAid stuff it's like
way better than our silly little dizzily
dot max add a little good job and good
good shut up for the carrot boys gasp I
forgot to add the Jews yeah smoothies
maybe that's a little bit funny looks
like I don't know it looks like that
combo deck or something
okay I see one button for juice
we'll see kids your battery's gonna go
like no good well it's flashing red
orange hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the ciccone Jolie's
and dont forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation you just kick that yellow
button if you're the kind of person that
likes to likes a bit of computer game
he's also get to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that likes to
be stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's install that channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out I act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow ad
Anna saucony we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where is
it's a community page you can also go to
our friend pages but until our friend
pages fill up because of course pays for
society get your news
limited number of friends thanks again
watch your videos enough see you guys
tomorrow
