okay mr. Thomas bye yeah we'll be back
to gnarnia soon great oh it's chilly in
Narnia well nowhere else to live oh hey
guys see you guys there
what's going on did I forgot oh my god
last night okay we found that that's the
Wardrobe that leaves to Narnia that's
where we're gonna live from now on it's
gonna be using what do you think I'll be
eating you'll be amazing
so hopefully now it's Sunday so
nothing's really gonna happen today what
hopefully tomorrow we get everything
sorted because this is what we live in
which M is not as much fun as you might
think you know I suppose it might sound
like fun and adventure and all but in a
van parked on the side of the road it
can get old real fast now to find what
I'm going to wear today you see it's
kind of like just like the place that we
really wanted which would probably won't
find out too far tomorrow if we have it
or not which hopefully because we're
gonna have to give this thing back but I
don't want to unpack everything that
would suck wouldn't it yeah that would
suck pick something because you like
traveling we couldn't get into which
looks really awesome so then I'm gonna
hopefully try and call them tomorrow and
hopefully come try and see the place and
if you like the place and that place is
completely unfurnished which means you
even have any furnishings but all we
need to need is a bed the rest you can
kind of work with we got a pillow we got
some pictures we got a dog bowls and
both boats books what else do you need
laughter you need in life good luck with
finding all your items it's time what
you want I like to might be able to find
it I am everything is done
alphabetically
- did you say take a lot of work but I
got it
I got my juicer my sesame sticks right
so I just finished getting ready and
managed to find my shampoo and
conditioner and of the big trailer
inside which isn't really try it's just
a bad so yeah and I might I should find
my makeup brushes and I think we're okay
for now but if you're sick of seeing
meeting the same clothes for the past
few days then I'm sorry but there's not
really much I can do about it cuz all my
clothes are in the bottom of the van
it's like so Cena and I are gonna go
downstairs come on Cena go down you go
down
oh it's out of focus great great it's
very dark today come on Cena see what
everybody else is up to
okay was this your doing
Cena stocks
you're on the vlog ADIZ I was filming
you you can't really see though if I'm
not baking a cake
am i speaking a hate Helaman olive oil
Hickey Cena wants to come in are there
new Pussycats in there all right try to
do a swapsies turn I do a swapsies okay
it's kind of hard with all the Pussycats
everywhere because we might take it all
right down to size
okay so join a CMS hate it
oven this is it isn't it just checking
it wasn't bread or anything so it's a
lemon olive oil cake will it be on your
blog later it was beyond her blood later
her blog is Amina lunatic blog spot.com
and look what marsala made for me and
her she made oh God the light just might
work well last night we have passed on
broccoli and then she just got the
leftovers and put it in a pan with eggs
and cheese wasn't it yeah yeah so that's
what we're having Emma's having leftover
soup noodles thingy yeah I think
Jonathan doesn't have anything well
we're just gonna wait told Jonathan that
I'm going to say that but there's
actually nothing for him so he's going
to yeah there's tons of stuff in the
fridge but you see he doesn't really
like pass down the broccoli so and see
now I was having her little kingdoms
thank you so cute she brought all her
little um that's her Bowl there she
brought all her little pieces over to
her mat that's her special Matt
she loves sitting there
oh yeah she found a pair in the garden
oh um because my mom has a pear tree and
she found a pear and I found in her
mouth it was really cute so she ate half
of it and then the other half I actually
threw don't know I don't think she would
have finished it
I might've eaten up there it's funny
like with all the stuff going wrong and
you know wanting the house of our dream
has its way of calling you know really
wanting that one and sometimes it's so
funny because when you're focused on
wanting something and you don't get it
and then you always feel that like oh my
god like why didn't I get the thing that
I really wanted that's so unfair and
then you end up with something else but
then you don't realize it at the time is
that when you get this second pair or
the other thing that you find when you
realize that you're there you think I
mean actually the right place where I
was actually supposed to be not the
place that I thought I was actually
supposed to be in that seemed to always
happen to life sometimes you focus on
something because it's dangled in front
of you but it's actually there's
something else that's in like your
peripheral vision that you don't know
this is actually doing you're supposed
to get and that's always how I look at
it whenever I go for a job or whenever
I'm you know trying to ask that girl out
or you know I'm doing something in my
life or and when you want something so
bad and then I go home and remember I
was younger I'd always go home and I'd
always sit there and I'm so like oh why
didn't I get like you know something I
always did it's that last I suppose
something I learned when I was younger
is that I don't know if like you guys
like this and don't call me a lame-o for
quoting this but I was a big gar Brooks
fan when I was a kid like I wouldn't see
him on content like I think the five
nights that he was in Dublin
I won't every album they've ever had
like I used to a little of his music
like it's the words they just talk to
you you know one of his songs on
answered prayers you know it's like you
know like just the other night at a
hometown football game my wife and I ran
into my old high-school flame you know
and he just he comes across the girl
that he really wanted so badly and then
you know sometimes God's greatest gifts
are unanswered prayers because he prayed
and wished you've ever been dead we were
sat at home you know if it was a
relationship girl or a boy he wanted or
a job or a thing in school or in college
or sporting or a car do you want a house
that you wanted or anything he wanted
and started home and pray to God please
let this happen and then it didn't
happen
per unit are like why would you do this
me why wouldn't you an answer it but
look where you are right now look what
you are right now are you in the right
place that you're supposed to be because
if God had answered all my prayers that
I wanted when I was younger I would
definitely not be sitting in a position
you are I am right now sitting here
right here talking to you guys in this
position and if we have lost the house
that we wanted the other day that's
because we might have found something
better that was not for us that was not
what we were supposed to be and I know
like it's like taking the high road the
high road is so unjustified sometimes
you really want to just get out landlord
and go screw you and burn the heads down
or do something really horrible and mean
because you want to vent your
frustration and anger but I always end
up taking a high road and sometimes you
feel so unjustified because you're the
only person that knows that you took the
high road but then you feel really like
I just want to scream and shout well
this is the same thing of looking at
this and think okay
well if I'm supposed to have that have I
have that and then we don't miss out and
it's really the era's our
self-discipline involves being able to
think that you know you know this is an
unanswered prayer in a sense this is
something I wanted but you'll probably
find out wherever we do end up because
we are going to end up somewhere you
know and it's all probably gonna work
out but wherever it is like wherever
we're gonna put our Christmas tree
wherever we're gonna call home in the
next week or so that we find it's gonna
be the right place because as long as
Anna's there alby's there
Cena's there then it is gonna be my
dream home because that's all I ever
wanted was to just have a happy family a
family I love and this would be my
unanswered prayer that's probably going
to turn around and be the best thing
ever so just if you're having if you're
in a difficult situation like you know
that it gets better thing you know it's
the same thing as it gets better because
you're praying for it to get better and
it might not seem like it's getting
better but don't worry if things aren't
happening for you it's because they're
not supposed to happen for you because
you don't know where it is in your life
that you're supposed to excel and bloom
and be amazing and everybody at some
point their life will be awesome will be
amazing like when I when I was younger I
was such a mess and a fail and nothing
went wrong and I'd a horrible existence
and I was so unhappy and so depressed
and you know
I still do I'm affected by that and I
still get depressed and unhappy but I
always know it can only stand - my
journey that's brought me to here that I
can look back on and some of us need to
struggle some of us need to go to a
harder journey and some of us don't some
of us get it at the start and then it
might get harder later on you know and I
believe that it was really hard for me
at the start and I was a very late
bloomer but when I did bloomer and I did
find what I wanted to see when I pursued
my happiness it all happened in there
all came through and I have no idea how
this started or how I started talking
about this but yeah that's going to walk
hey guys what what's going down what's
going down into town huh
what do you think's going crazy for but
you guys go crazy for it
I think the pair fell off a tree and
it's very competitive about the pair
where's the paradise your spare oh gods
oh no it's my honey piece of clothing
everything else is buried in the van
somewhere where's the paradise I think
this is anything this is the cause of
all the problems guys hi sis Abby Xena
it's a bear
mmm-hmm have you got the pair I'll be
putting out your pair
walkies walkies never seen offender
rotten Oh God and the next day she ran
over and jumped on the ride again
that's you better be gone what are you
eating okay it's okay do you know what
time it is do you know what time it is
do you know what time it is
some way proposing a dead mouse some
we're just talking about it
now what toy would you like guys is that
I know I look how they can read the book
splash spotty class splash spotty flash
in gardenia
is this an Italian one yeah oh my god
it's oq+ - and there
l nel a pause posit on e
cuatro to me hello I'm sure this was
just much you can't really tell I guess
that's the big splash in the end don't
you guys you're gonna be stuffy
look at Alby he's at the furthest point
he could possibly be in the game so haha
no please no no please no buddy
she's like excited looking forward to it
I think we should take our hair bands
out guys
oh my goodness look at this freshly made
fish cakes love fish cakes do you like
the fish in the cake I like cake and
fish combined fish cakes what an amazing
idea best idea ever
we no longer take Petit Pois
you guys ever had blue organic blue
maize tortilla chips gluten-free there
blue though if you guys ever had these
are they nice are they nicest I'm not
sure mm-hmm
no blue this is the best day of my life
this is the best day of my life
well apartment of fact I am homeless and
this is the best day of my turn the fact
that we're homeless push down on the
fish cake what are you doing you guys
like fish cake oh and pee therapy thing
is all washed up on Steam users except
for the Urca
pretty girl up when you go I'll be does
that be a little pretty boy
oh my little pretty boy pretty boy oh
I'll try and get us a homo first artist
I promise I promise you the truth okay
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be aa and
if you want to subscribe to the channel
it's totally free there's no obligation
just kick that yellow button if if
you're the kind of person that likes to
uh likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that likes to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's install that channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out at AK
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that Twitter there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because it for our Facebook
society is actually be a limited number
Oh friends thanks again for watching
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
