okay guys today could be the worst or
the best day in our lives
I don't know it's too stressful to know
they started off with a bit of a shock a
bit of a hump too deep uppity shock I'm
I'm hoping that somehow today will
rectify it situation and bring it back
because the man never called last night
I called the office he never even called
the place last night so he's probably
gonna do today but other interesting
developments have begun to surface and
what are we having for breakfast we
turned the lemon and ginger yeah hope
you have ginger you have apples did you
have lemon will do a banana whoa okay do
it do it do it do it do it on Discovery
Channel do it again now went and hid in
the garden I felt so bad like I feel
even like a terrible person saying it's
luck heard tales town
she's bit me so many times it's like
didn't you know playfulness but I was
just playing with her and like we're
just kind of messing and then I was like
pretending to like fake bite and then I
actually bit her like on her like right
here on her back or her bum and she
screamed
and I was just like I mean what held her
for ages and then she was fine and then
she kind of like was a bit sad so she
went into the garden and she hid behind
the bin I found her I was walking around
I like my dog gives me now she has hurt
doesn't she hurt you sometimes when
she's playing she gets so like brush
bites your nose or like your ear are you
doing purpose mean come on admit it you
know
it was clean Sina how do you feel about
this not sure about that now okay phase
one complete
nice glasses buddy all right on the face
to face to in effect yeah let's hear for
Phase two
can I get up phase 2 phase two
there's no phase two by the way I know
you're thinking like she's taking that
into stride I'm stressed to the max oh
my god so stressful I just feel like I
just want this day to be over
I want this whole weekend to be over
because we're not gonna hear anything
until the end of today and then
hopefully if we do get the place
what like we're gonna get it or not so I
don't even want to say that but just say
hypothetically they gave us the place we
could move in right this weekend but I
don't even want to think about it
because it might not come true
I hope every single one of you guys are
crossing your fingers like super super
hard for us please if you don't do
anything else today just like say a
little prayer cross your fingers
I don't know just hope that we will get
this place it's like oh I don't even
want to talk about anymore okay you do
not own the petrol station such a brat
cuz there's mine like what do you even
call them nowadays cuz they're not even
don't even pump gas anymore but you know
one of those gas station attendant
people going around cleaning the place
and you hate since heavy it's not your
it's not your petrol station face - in
the operation
I'm here in in come on come on come on
hope you have a passenger
I am the passenger Oh No that's the
passenger I'd mean the backseat of the
car in years
but you like don't I remember one of the
first time this one money went in the
car with my mom and I'll be and remember
um um I'll be was so like you'd have
kept looking of it he's oh my like what
are you doing some spats place
get through the process of her when she
does that she blocks her of you all
right
she blocks his view gaze on poot
but don't go down on the wing eating
anything I'm out of here
so step three was to collect the rental
vehicle which we have done from the
airport you guys ever been to Cork
Airport this is what it looks like in
case you have not been here that's nice
it's like a spaceship spaceship guys
like this massive yeah it is huge and
I'll being seen are like continued we
can see you finally look at her you can
see her in the mirror can you guys see
not really but she's like staring out
then alby's got his own little seat
there hi Albie Albie hi hi you have your
own little chair I'm having a fun time
she's just like perplexed she is like
staring out at everything
I don't know hi to see taxi thing you
have to climb up yes sure so having so
much fun she's just like I can see
everything
amazing like my Sina voice
Xena is more high-pitched than Alvey
yeah that's how I tend to do it that's
how well you can differentiate between
the two yeah I'll be more like you know
he was my anyways so we're heading to
our crappy house
all right next day is the operation I
think our big boat all right
big job E is that inside the door let's
get all this stuff ease inside to the
big machine hook the spaceship Watership
generally moved last time we had
something that was like half the size of
that we should definitely be able to
take all of our stuff and of course that
sesame sticks because yeah where would
you be without sesame sticks in the
world plenty room in her hello echo whoa
oh my god I can actually stand up in
here I can stand up in here that is
crazy guys oh my god said landlord just
came by as we were like packing the
stuff in he was like really angry like
obviously he would be liked it and he
was like oh when did this happen in
stuff like I know and it is all like oh
well if I have gas here no morning
something like you know what's that
calling like clothes all the gas company
like in front of us like dynasty of him
as well because he was just like
basically telling us that we had been
lying for three months so he started
calling like all the gas companies and
like trying to get them to switch off or
to unlock it and like he wasn't getting
anywhere and then he said oh I could
have this taken off I think a hammer to
it is that yeah if I take a hammer to it
I can have it takes a lot taken off by
tomorrow and then would you say like no
he was so angry he was like shouting is
getting off in Jonathan's face yeah you
watch you just you know I started
walking up what's up but I was like he
was like here man oh right trying to see
if I'd waver like righteous stance the
elderly well so what's up dog but it is
done now let's try and get on with mana
here oh my goodness
you know so cold oh my god I'm shivering
that was horrible I was horrible nasty
I'm like he was just so angry about the
whole thing and he was trying to make us
out like we were the bad guys and we're
like do-not-track we feel but and on the
other side point look guys it is half
five on the eleven to eleven eleven
eleven love lemon they haven't called us
about the dream house so either make
either it's gone and gave it somewhere
else or maybe they're just really like
flexi and lucky and just like right
let's get all this stuff done doesn't
look like it's gonna be our house guys
because they never rang or anything but
i checked to see on the classified place
where they actually advertised the
property and it's not there anymore and
nobody has called us so unless of course
they took the ad down because people are
calling about it and they're trying to
make their decision over the weekend but
I think that's like I think that's
dreaming so sadly I don't think that
that's ours so now we're actually
technically homeless Nina oh my god
that's wrong homeless how do you feel
about that how do you feel about that
mr. dog hmm and you feel about being
homeless experience hello hello hi guys
Oh aren't bad things supposed to happen
in threes so we didn't get the new house
that we wanted the ladder came was
really mean to us and then it's like
money horrible and aggressive and stuff
so that's number two what's number three
we have no interpreter stuff we're
homeless we're living out of a trailer
park even though we have to give the
trailer park back tomorrow at 3 o'clock
otherwise it's gonna cost us another a
gazillion dollars so that sucks what
else is gonna go wrong today guys about
the porno all packed up oh it's dark in
here
Oh light we all packed up guys
well packed up you're ready to go oh
look one one one one more crazy all
right let's go - OH - house we take this
place yeah it's nice it comes with a a
person and a kitchen and the doggies and
a pink laptop and some sort of
ice-skating sports who watches a skating
today you guys watch ice skating you bit
of an ice skater mama Charlotte's gone
to get us some tasty knock on Titan
tasty knock on door Jack arute we're
having the worst day of our lives
yeah totally screwed em over she get her
green country or red paper or it's a
very good color
apparently there's some noises ninis no
some noises upstairs okay maybe it's the
landlord maybe he's found this one if
you want to come see me
okay I'll go along it now by now
what kind of footsteps are we hearing
over here banging someone's walking
around are you guys watching Backstreet
Boys oh my god is Holly just j oj GP
something JJ let's go in
oh goodness
okay if you don't hear from me in five
minutes call the Ghostbusters Leakey
just get the crap out of me my room
seems clear let's check the next time
you go sneeze in here no no ghosties in
here any ghosties ghosties okay so far
so good
no ghosties at all final room oh it's a
ghost free zone it's a ghost free zone
are you making all Louisa panicky and
you're making all the noise up here
where are you where are you okay
Nikki Nikki Nikki Oh
hey Nikki Oh getting your stuff for the
night this is this is our wardrobe just
here in the middle of the road traveling
folk i did i did i repacked impact the
repack them back it's in there somewhere
nice to heal i brought the thing you
know it's missing a wheel yes that
coming in yeah yeah bring that in
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation you
just click that yellow button if you'd
be the kind of person that likes who
likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's install that channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out I act
Jonathan Joel
and of course follow at aniseh ponies we
also have a Facebook page where you can
post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course dates for
society that's gonna be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos enough see you guys tomorrow
