what just arrived I just took it out of
the box and you guys are already in here
what are the odds of that this is like
crazy Albie
we still Brown you played with all the
people this is a full 1080p guys I never
talked of luggages whatever make it full
1080p 24 frames per second boom that's
like super high-quality high-definition
hi how's it going
footage look at the Ducks guys guys see
them guys whoo news ah jeez yay and it's
so shiny and new it's really funny it's
like got no scratches on it see not what
are you doing
anyways like I said these two are
spoiled they won't sit in the back
anymore they think that they're entitled
to my lap but I pull my chair really far
back so there's always a lot of space up
here
okay come down he's all mine always
house is away no myself is she she crazy
Rishi
place he was trying to hold stand she
for the day on the stairs
he loves it though the best friend who's
best friends who's best friends whose
best friend needs to go soon we're too
excited look we got tho guys excited the
fire Anu has am I gonna look after you
guys I was busy doing studio work force
college work studio like study work and
I was like did you study with collaging
work collaging what's you reading on the
old German dictionary that's a good read
I tell you some good words in there
we're just waiting for the person to
person when I do you turn it up here so
we can have a pop inside but it's super
exciting excited is it I don't know he
isn't gonna have a scar yet though but
maybe my phone will ring and then I'll
be as the other phone the same
regardless member I think that might be
so it just went to play and I feel the
most the stoic stress that I felt since
our wedding day like it was horrible we
went in there everything was perfect I
didn't even look properly because I was
so stressed well yeah it was lovely like
it was exactly how it was in the
pictures but there was another person
there viewing it and she was talking
like she was gonna take it like she just
kept saying like oh yeah you know and is
it long-term lease and loveth and she
just kept talking like she was gonna
take it was like no what's going on this
is our place
oh and then another family or I don't
know what they were family share people
came in right when we were leaving as
well and like it was just all this stuff
going on at the same time so we said
that we would take it but he the letting
agent said that at the end of the day
it's the landlord's decision and then he
asked us could we get references and
stuff well yeah we have like a court
case coming up with our previous place
well yeah but we paint we you haven't be
paid right every single month that's
that's that's the main thing is that we
paid rent every single month for a year
this is my mom things the landlord's
gonna watch the video
um but anyways yeah so um I'm really
scared now he said that he would call us
back and say what tell us what the
landlord thinks that the only advantage
we have I hope is that we're a couple as
the other people are sharing the other
girl I was there sharing with two other
people and normally people landlords
prefer couples rather or families rather
than that so so scared no that was
horrible most horrible thing ever
they really hope we get it if we don't
know honey
crying crying that was just such a
horrible experience I oh my god I feel
like I'm waiting for my leaving servers
all to my my university results or
something like it's like just waiting
for him to call here somebody you got
the job or something like it's insane
isn't it oh my god so let's try said
like I didn't even really even look at
the place like you know I was like okay
okay okay like what's this girl doing in
here yeah actually asking one question I
was just trying to listen to what she
was I was this dude and then when she
starts saying like I gotta talk to my
friends at all Iqra I was like hi I'll
take it I'll take it how much money you
want here's my bank account details
here's my car keys just give me the
goddamn out please I need it I need it
for my life oh so beautiful I can't even
remember it oh and is it for the three
of you yeah yeah Noelle she's my mom
she's like no I don't miss bite I live
like
you know near here I'm her mother I was
like oh my god can you imagine cuz he
thought that we were Aryan holy night
he said he's gonna call us back later
he's got a deuce himself I'm like oh my
god if you wouldn't pick me
Oh God
and this class for them after a few
moments you can see right above this
wave now
why not the cost me I know oh my god he
was hanging like that
we're duper no more ham huh so it's bad
it's almost 8 o'clock and he hasn't
actually called yet so we can go ahead
and assume he's not gonna call today is
he
pineapple look at this mess who made
this mess did you make this mess did you
mean Joey mess to me man yes you're a
cutie bye - huh did I show them what I
did look what I did guys so it for the
future if I ever dropping on what would
you do look what happened you're
attached to me you're attached there's
an attachment you're an attached hello
you're attached to me guys just then I
don't want you guys wandering off again
like that and going ahead and breaking
because I'm throwing my research this is
definitely the best vloggity cameras
like a 24 millimeter lens
look how why this look at what you can
fit all of us in here what 24 minutes
nothing out there can AskMe 24
millimetres in wideness full 1080p it's
got a CMOS sensor none of this CCD olden
day technology full CMOS sensor now
obviously it's a turd crop so nothing
special like the big cameras a quarter
coffin and five DS like no crop full
frame and P Sandra but I am love this
camera love it took my foot it smell
like fart smell like farts smell my foot
you will smell like foot and you will
love the smell of my part you understand
me
you understand me lovely smell of my
foot thank you Oh what's mommy doing
what's mommy doing is this the best
thing I wear say air life or is it red
about
hmm come on like horrible stupid stinky
girl which I was being nice to her in
the house is like moving out of her way
and stuff and she wasn't being nice to
me at all I choose to walk around like
oh yeah I can we move this can we knock
this wall down and can we change this no
but you guys a bit like yeah she's very
like aggressive which I guess you have
to be but like I was like moving out of
her waving like oh sorry excuse me
whatever and she wasn't like that to me
at all
she don't mean like I just feel so
disheartened because like you know and
we're in our last place and like we paid
rent every single month on time we
treated the place so nice and then like
they just won't give us our deposit back
there being such a hole and then like
you do things right like in you know
we're such nice people at least I think
so and like you just get trampled on all
the time there's not fair
it's not it's not fair at all I want the
house to pay them why is there is kind
of like competition I know I hate that
crowd to pay them the rent every month
it's fine and then just like have it you
know you get what you pay for it can I
think what I hate the competitive know
stuff like then you pay rent some place
for for a year on time like we were
never late and then you just get screwed
at the end it doesn't matter doesn't
matter one more gin here I'm like we
were with that gasps no not like anybody
I tell that to is just like so appalled
and then Neverland bar is obviously
gonna be pissed off at us because we
haven't paid our rent this month but
like what choice do I have
like I'm so sick of playing by the rules
and then just getting walked all over
and being a nice person being walked I
just wish I was mean but I'm not it
can't call him up and be like well the
gas wasn't on for the street like I'm
just not like that I'm probably just
gonna be like okay you know yeah
maybe the ring tomorrow see he's a he's
like a worker man know so at six o'clock
he is probably like down tools I'm at
home you know straight bill call
tomorrow you know but I look the way I
look at it mean is if we don't get that
house then obviously it was not meant to
be which is already sad way of looking
at it but you know like the help the
house like you had blue carpet in the
bedrooms which wasn't that nice but the
rest of it was super awesome
you know it isn't an area that has a
cool walk and we wouldn't have to drive
as much but the other area that I think
is good as well and has kind of that
kind of stuff but it's not as nice terms
to walk but it does have their cable
broadband this place would have the same
broadband system we have here which is
like our satellite and the roof thing
which is pretty okay I suppose you know
like it's nice and spacious no you got
to look at the code pros in the columns
like I'm sure whatever whatever we're
supposed to be wherever we're supposed
to be however whoever whatever we're
supposed to be we will be there doing
our thing
candlelight hi yeah I know there it fell
down dog you love us and we love them
you know I got is a massive spider in a
while
oh my god oh my god hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
Zaccone Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you'd be the kind of person that
likes who likes a bit of computer game
he's also get to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like be
stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's the
style that channel if you want to keep
up to date with twitter don't forget to
check me out at Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow at Anna ciccone
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again watch the
videos not see you guys tomorrow
