you know so I just did my hair and I'm
actually really really happy with how
this has turned out I'm used or I
followed the tutorial from hey Katie
she's um Shay Carl's sister and all I
think yeah shake ha sister-in-law so if
she's got her own channel hey candy
check it out if you haven't already I'm
sure you have but you did a hair
tutorial her hair always looks
immaculate like it's always like this
like kind of really cute beachy wave but
like the curls aren't too like tight or
defined that was just kind of looser and
like it's more of a wave than a curl and
she did't oreal apparently she's also my
hairdresser I never knew it off but she
did - toriel on it and I actually have
the same not the same exact one but I
have a similar one like the same size so
I did it and I really like how it turned
out and I never have ever done my hair
like this before
I've always used like a smaller one or
whatever and taking smaller pieces but
I'm like loving this right now it's just
very like loose and I hope it stays in
my hair I think it will open I used a
pretty good quality one so she couldn't
hate Haley's to trail these because
that's what Jonathan does as well he'll
like well no that's not really fair but
sometimes he'll just use the
the fruits instead of a key in his
smoothies and his juices and you have to
eat vegetables as well true but is it
easier to eat fruit because most of the
time you know it's sweeter so what do I
need I'm gonna use some cucumber peppers
tomato got a fridge is so full of fruits
and vegetables then maybe some spinach
no have good finish used by third of the
11th today's the 8th just play until
Monday what does display until Monday
mean this looks better though this looks
fresher we're actually gonna go out for
lunch because I was like making my
lighter than Jonathan came and he's like
Oh have you started yet no I actually
made the balsamic vinaigrette but I did
it properly like I didn't have the right
ingredients or anything it says to use
white white vinegar and I had the black
kinder no brown kind so and I didn't
have mustard powder either so I couldn't
really make it properly but I made it
and then Jonathan came in he was like no
no stop maybe we should go ahead but I'm
just like okay um so we're actually
gonna grab for lunch but because we're
going to see a house see oh yeah great
tip for you guys if you have like you
know that whole kind of smelly sink
problem that like everybody has
these kitchen sink is usually kind of
you know it stinks for ten times time or
it just doesn't smell that fresh use a
lemon so I always have a glass of hot
water with lemon in the mornings and if
you use the sliced of the sliced lemon
obviously you don't eat it put it into
your sink I just started under there and
that's it and then you can leave like
obviously transpiler dish it's higher
anything but you can leave like I have a
couple of things in the sink there and I
can just leave them the whole day it's
where most of the day until this evening
when I stack the dishwasher and it'll be
fresh and clean and don't stink
hi every mother wants to come see the
house see we have two guys are you
playing Battlefield for like a billion
hours is the most exciting riveting
trillion game if you have a loved one
and the loved one likes shooting and you
want to get them a present waiting for
Christmas sucks but if you wanna file
through three oh my god but then again I
noticed like we did this helicopter
mission and I know like a lot of people
would hate it so much because like it
takes like so much concentration pivot
rotor control distance speed time angle
just a thank you so much you've to think
of but it's so trilling it is like I'm
so happy I chose that instead of Modern
Warfare cuz I don't obviously modern
warfare if you just run around it let me
do that because I do enjoy like rank you
know because it's kind of fun but oh my
god so my bro online their the co-op
mode on it oh so much fun I got a hookup
with a couple of you guys if you guys
want to play some battlefield sometime
about this free
we need to be friend me on the
PlayStation username is the dopest DHE
jo f us and let's play battlefield we
put battlefield huh now what if you guys
pick up - I'm warning huh
how are you doing with them are we doing
my friends
I will believe that is crazy weird that
is weird
this is blue yeah and it just appears
pink as well even a bad got a tattoo it
looks like it could be like something
that dogs were eating it looks like an
explosion looks like a little explosion
right we gots to go guys this is my
favorite piece of clothing I am that's
not fair from your curry and I dropped
the coffee neither morning I put it down
and I miss completely and just drop it
tink and I wasn't looking I just like I
know people are gonna be like that's so
close but we and I don't even like it
but we always eat in the bed I know so
god it's such a bad thing to do because
it's gotta put it around this thing but
I wash I wash the sheets very often so
it's not too bad but you shouldn't do it
like don't get into that habit it's just
because we don't have a TV so we always
watch online or like you know shows or
whatever in bed on the computer and if
we had a TV we've obviously eat probably
on the couch or something you know
because there's only two of us well
technically we have loads of TVs we just
don't have any connection oh yeah yeah
thanks removing to a super-powerful
broadband super-powerful broadband the
super power broadband that I always
wanted and now we're looking places in
areas of super-powerful broadband
because as you guys know the style out
videos are like much higher quality
which is how much bigger uploads and we
want to do loads more stuff to use when
we need a much her own fear connection
as well and
as I was saying this was my favorite
piece of coding I've ever owned
I got this in Munich and what year was
that 2008 he has an innate in Munich I
bought this and it is my favorite I got
in Zara and it is my favorite piece of
clothing I have ever owned and I still
to this day wear it proudly you know if
you guys have seen watching the blogs
from back in the day you were to see me
wearing it I love this house I wear I
wait for the wintertime to wear this top
you're wearing
I do wear all around correct correct oh
my god I keep trying to post a picture
on it
and it's kind of a weird I don't utter
it all fits my phone though or if it's
round but sometimes it does crash so
but I'm starving I was going to make my
life Star Trek Garvin who took
adventages
I'll be sooner in the back
they're being renewed
because they wanted to
I'm scratching up my shoulder but it's
just boiled now they keep bringing them
into the front but I shouldn't because
it's not really allowed well no really
seriously is don't get a knife well you
can't get iphone 3g g just slow down
faster there crap I want a nice it's
amazing
wow great don't stir on that
it seriously it like sometimes when
people call me once my mom was trying to
call me for like half an hour I pretend
phone rang I tried to unlock the phone
it wouldn't unlock like does anybody
else have this problem or am I just the
one with the stupid phone I think I am
anyway so I know I'm wearing my new
scarf this is from Erika I really really
like it actually this conscious these
are usually the times where I always do
a little driving parts but if you notice
to be no driving parts of Lake because
this camera won't allow me to do driving
parts because it focuses on the
windscreen all the time and it doesn't
you know when how to kind of like I mind
you a lock focus so I could like put an
infinite and pull focus on it and then
lock it in the distance and only shoot
outside whereas this one I tried it a
few times it just all it does is get
like everything outside is blurry and
you've got like a perfect macro shot of
the windscreen it's like fantastic
that's fantastic yeah village here boom
boom boom I hate the traffic I hate the
traffic noise anyone actually like
traffic does anyone enjoy traffic is any
is there any traffic hobby enthusiasts
out there
leave a comment say hello say Howard
how's it going I'm a traffic and to
exist let's get a second room over here
it's like yeah
the first has anything you need
it's nice shower was its Deonte one it's
the standard storage ok see I would
thought this was gonna be the master at
the back to the house no it's a no Liam
situation because I don't really like
the area and came outside there was four
little boys like jumping on our car and
like banging on the windows and stuff to
try and like rile up a B and C nose
actually kind of horrible they were
quite small though so it wasn't like
like we are where we are now because
except it's little girls instead of
little boys that are just kind of breath
so yeah I'll be - no don't need that at
all but that wasn't like the major thing
we're gone in there and absolutely loved
everything then like the interior is
nice because it's just been refurbished
I thought it was dark though like I know
it's obviously Drive today
so it's not really fair but the garden
was nice but the area and the outside of
the house I just don't really like it
which is so annoying this is like that
wasn't the one though that I was kind of
looking forward to seeing today that's a
different one there is this lady
we call her the legend we met three
years ago and we've never taken a
problem 1 year to year 1 no one
one year ago matter before we went to
Jacobs and then we met her before we
went to where we are now hilarious
insane she we saw her at the supermarket
as well and she is just like you just I
don't know she's just sewing into her
work she's so funny she clearly just
like does not care about her appearance
does not care about like her you know
clothes anything makeup no hair no
nothing so she just she kind of looks
like a crazy person like she is living
on the streets but she is so nice and
she's really good at her job like she's
really go to what she does
crap like oh should we write you like
you go somewhere it's like I'm seeing a
hundred people today you're like no
you're not
she goes in there she's like don't like
it not yesterday whatever I don't really
like it you know just like so honest and
that's what I really like it better
she's a really nice person she just does
not care even if she looks at last
summer when we were
when we were before we decided to live
where we all right now or we're in
Jacobs Island she met us for the first
time and like we I actually could it's
just like shocked by her like the way
she acted and so she's so cheese look
she sounds like a crazy person and she
kind of looks like what - but she's
actually really nice so she meets us and
she had her underwear her knickers we're
like all like up in our business like oh
my god like you could see like the label
and everything was sticking out and like
her pants were like falling down so you
could see everything and areas that my
mom came with us for the second viewing
and I was telling my mom all a better
and I was like she's like so insane like
sometimes she'll answer the phone to you
and she'll be in the middle of a
conversation with somebody else and she
won't actually speak to you for like
five viewings that like what's on your
half 9:00 at night yeah but that's like
fine with us cuz we're kind of like okay
whatever like she the other day we were
supposed to meet her at 12 at 11 o'clock
she called and she was like okay so you
know the way I know we're supposed to
meet at 4:00 but I have this really
amazing you're like what if we turned up
at 12 we would it just means like
stranded somewhere like what the hell
but she's just so fun like we know her
pictures are always blurry pictures are
all like picture of like a plug socket
or just like something random and weird
my mom came to one of the viewings one
time and I had told her all about this
girl
and oh my god it was so funny because
her underwear was like all up in our
face and my mom and I were like cried
like we were trying so much and like the
poor woman was like talking to us and we
were just like in tears like we clean
stuff and then any time you said
something remotely funny but I got to
let it out
nobody she's all Aries which doesn't
even realize that we could just call it
- my mom says you know we're nowhere
near
dude
oh my god so we pulled into MSDS right
just to say hidey ho on the way home
you're gonna believe it right popped
onto the website what we usually look at
the places been found the house that we
have wanted for like two years and it
just came up on the market but never
hope in the market like it and acted
like this was open the market two
minutes ago and I was like oh my god I
just was like yeah I was like two
minutes ago so we're gonna go meet him
on Thursday now I don't know if you
people know what I'm trying to talk to
my friends here sorry sure so it's not
amazing cuz we actually have the house
of Artie the house we have wanted for
two years but has never been in the
market never houses here it is the most
it is in the location of drink words
where dreams have been made okay let's
talk no more I'll see you guys at
Thursday snow blogging for Thursday yes
oh my god I cannot believe the odds of a
cute is coming here hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Jolie's and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation just click
that yellow button pick if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer game you don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like be stylish at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Joe Lee and of course
follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that player is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
societies that can only be a limited
number of friends
thanks again watch your videos and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
