oh hi guys my your the words that doing
that what are you doing like me okay
leave me alone look how cute your hairs
back I mean back Oh
raising call this is the coldest house
in the entire universe it's really cold
and I just like send electricity a
really nasty email because it's been
three months now since we've moved here
it's almost four months no it's not is
it
no it's not it will be we're all off on
a walkies whatever mother f Marquis
we're all gonna walk ease on a mother
effing day hello hi how are you how are
you in this walkies miss this place
we're gone now not entirely no because
we can ever yeah can they can't let them
off yeah you know that just kind of
takes away a lot like and you can't let
them off I feel that they only get like
like sixty percent out of it
she's okay yeah he likes to walk slowly
she wants more that's why I always come
equipped with a ball because she needs
that she needs way more to burn off
energy whereas I'll be not so much so
you come here you always feel like
cantle cake is to get out and send me a
nice and stuff but it's not quite as
good as like a Jacob silent walk yeah
I'll see Cena and her craziest affair
this is why like she hates being on the
leave because she needs to like guard oh
you know and she just run up and
sniffing and then she'd be happy she
just hates being like on a lead like
first I read his mind cuz he's kind of a
slow Walker you know he's more of a
stroller likes to stroll along come on
slowly let's go for a stroll he's but a
job history
boy come on team come on Albie Oh
panorama view as the motos mojo mojo way
whoa there lady the glamour of the
starlight and it's super good for you
and it's a little fat so it's sort of
calories for everything and then I'm
also using flaxseed and this is the milk
organic variety this is the plain one
you can get ones with like goodness and
that's the craziness that you don't see
on the show light right let's get to
work
I'm gonna tune I'm a fast asleep the
glamour the glamour of entertainment say
what I'm just heating my inner inner
body up heat run up you it's like a
central heating system so now our
internet isn't working
uh-huh no leo but it's never done this
before
no so I don't leave it open again online
so I'm surely fixing but you're gonna
fix it soon but in the meantime I'm
bored well in the meantime I can't do
anything cuz I was gonna do loads of
stuff online anyway we just filmed my
video and it's gonna be
she's so cute
alby's here to the butt of a dachshund
she's but from looks like I'm missing a
fuse for our not missing but a few
scenes to be blown into my car so where
is the fuse box because both the
headlights M there you go
both the headlights came off no that's
that's not it
Oh fuse box if I refuse box where would
I be and this is in the inside of the
car which would seem odd for an M yeah
both the lights just like turned off
last night and they wouldn't come back
on which is kind of annoying and I don't
think it's the bulb though because
obviously if the bulb went out one of
the lights would be gone but the little
lights are on and the big lights are on
it's just the driving lights are off
both of them and I got a warning light
did you said like there's a problem with
your lights but it's like yeah I know
they're not on but it said it could be
like not necessarily the bulb but it
could be something else and say check
fuses but why do hell are diffuses so I
did it old-school
I actually have the manual in the car so
according to the manual and it should be
just around here somewhere it said it's
like protected somewhere but it's beside
the big rubbery thing no here's the
rubbery thing here okay and it looks
like it's beside that I'm tough wait a
second sit here ah turned out the one I
was looking for was actually the one
under here underneath the dash thing but
um I changed him out um I think I
actually got it working because I can
actually see light snow so that's I did
a parking lights
Oris and main lights I'm not really 100%
sure where re going to chesco off to go
doesn't make any sense I said today you
go to no decision that a couple of you
may or may not agree with my hypothesis
but tonight is the midnight opening for
about modern warfare 3 and to be honest
guys I feel that I need to express my
not interest in modern warfare 3 I know
there's a lot of people right everybody
good oh my god it's a college
I love the Treyarch version of the games
the Jews world at war and black ops
where I can do a certain extent so I've
decided I decided I've made it I made a
decision that I'm going to get
battlefield 3 now and I will not be
purchasing modern warfare 3
I may get at some later date because I
want to check out the multiplayer and a
co-op in it but I'm not really that
interested in so this life for the small
minority are you making did you buy
modern warfare 3 like did you go to the
midnight opening and are you buying wire
off train or did you buy a battlefield 3
because this is my closer what I heard
modern warfare 3 you can have double
easiest silenced shotguns and both hands
and run alone and spray everyone I'm not
interested in that
battlefield 3 sneaky sneaky one shot one
kill very hard but difficult more of a
simulator love it love it
so yeah that's a that's my my decision
that I have I've come to this well tell
you what grant after Oh guys next year
the charity that we're gonna support
Christmas yeah like don't forget to be
out don't forget dftba for this year's
dftba oh it's not called the mtv a it's
a what is it called it's just called
bunch of girls TBA project awesome thing
we might do it's got eight oh my god god
we watch this documentary last night
never watch it
it is so sad unless you're the minister
of Indian vine yeah by me get your
snitch across the table to your helium a
ministry environment yes your Minister
for environment that's it came all he
has to do
oh you want you just do find some things
yeah someone less who the minister of it
education it's not funny the thing
that's really hard is Harvick's very dad
no it's about the regulation of breeding
dogs in Ireland because there's puppy
farms yeah it's like out of control it
is disgusting it is so sad and painful
and people always say that to us it's
like oh you teach your dogs t like
humans and when we did our project for
awesome last year we were like oh why
did he do like a human charity over
Darfur like children or sick people it's
like yeah everyone else is doing that
but everyone's neglecting the little
guys and are you don't get it like I
actually got hater comments on my blog
of that of that blog post this one oh
yeah yeah we don't get a free one
that what it is
hey just trade these yep off battlefield
I have the guys have it's done
of a limited edition right here take the
air pick the bags I wasn't able to trade
this in for some reason because it's
like an American weird where I got that
from game in my hand point yeah this
really strange guys never have to choke
a bloke ice cream it's this one here
took a bloke check the bloke stove the
blokes
check a bloke blow my god I'm achieving
you guys
stay
you could have spent the night in Tesco
fridge take no it can't walk around and
let this go
that was really great they look really
good okay
they're like fancy
he's overriding the better stuff Oh
eclairs
look what's poor for a fiver
let's get out of here and eat them super
excited super excited ahh always a
download 229 mag well I think it may be
a few seconds but still like it only
came out a few days ago they've already
made it better technology takes
distraction and emotion to unprecedented
levels I gave them bones as a treat
rawhide bones and see now has taken both
of them so looks firmer
alright guys quick first impressions
battlefield tree what do I think what do
I think of it I think it is it's the
best first-person shooter I have played
in a long time it is absolutely amazing
I'm not a big fan of the one with the
too much like running a shooting and
unrealism and stupid you know what you
know a lot of people are you know I hope
you have fun doing it but I just put
there more a paste add more sort of
simulator and I thought I was like oh my
god from the minute started like my
brother rang me he's like aw didn't he
didn't really like it last week when he
got it I was like always like yeah it's
really hard to shoot people and think if
you fire off unis it's just you die all
the time itself and I was like that
actually sounds really good though you
know cuz it's really hard to put it on
there that's like on oh my god so if you
like if you're like me and you like you
know more more simulator versus an
arcade game cuz ecology they are very
rkd very just like you know or I know
you know silent could be sneaking
tomorrow I don't know I say it's it's
more skillful because I can't do what
those guys do with their prestige 15 and
golden guns and double tap shot double
fling around flock but I prefer just
like no perks and just like a man and a
man and his sights
anyway to say that we are going to have
some tasty pizza
having a tasty pizza in so long so long
so I was not saying you had pizza and
you know what I think it's time for you
guys to go flying see you tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
click that yellow button if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer gaming don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like to be stylish at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
the style that channel if you want to
keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out at act Jonathan
Joley
and of course follow at Anna
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still loved because of our space but
the side effects it'll be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos not see you guys
tomorrow
