we make this movie in the morning time
time to make a second behind a pumpkin
like that in there all day oh my god
imagine that 15 minutes I'm sitting in a
fridge all day so I only made me this
beautiful smoothie this morning but just
now I don't find it quite sour so I'm
gonna add some a Polys and some lemon
this place is a mess but it's really
hard when you when you know it's almost
go time and it's really hard to keep the
prints clean if you're like hey I hate
you I hate you you know positive a
cubicle and renting the presses well I
live on the edge like that well I kind
of worked I guess
looks like a froggy milkshake or
something now
Manuel is doing like a menu oh man man
I'm a manual man I like to stir my
juices like a mango with man Manuel man
Manuel Manuel Manuel that's what happens
when you go to the Opera guys you end up
singing everything that you do don't cry
for me hi Anna from the top again
we're gonna walkies
we're doing in the walkies we film this
diabetes
these beds in here behind all the
cabling oh because people saying where's
always back this is all B's man I'll be
probably bought that bed in London you
made it guys we're gonna go to walkies
okay
walkies so excited and now for the
excitement I live to do is pick this up
Jonathan has gone into the petrol
station to get it money because we're
going to subway for lunch no three of
fun yeah three o'clock because that
clocks wrong that's only three o'clock
that's not so odd
well it does seem a bit later than that
but anyways we're gonna take the dogs
for a long walk because they have not
had a proper walk like they've had like
estate walks and stuff they haven't had
a proper walk in a couple of days
because with the whole oh my god there's
like a huge so yeah Jonathan my name's
got money because we're going to please
and they take cash for decongestant
just doze do bed we currently live in a
small town to the big smoke yo we
excited about living this time because
last time I wasn't because I was like oh
my god too much stress the wedding
everything is gonna fail and then you
know it's just way too much and then
yeah and now I'm just happy because
obviously we don't like the place
because like I have had no heating no
gas for the entire three months that
we've been there and yeah kitchen floods
occasionally okay yeah occasionally the
pipes kind of clogged up and then the
kitchen floods and it's just ridiculous
and what starts on you people always ask
about star signs Scorpio I am Aquarius
yeah according to all the books and all
the websites were like not compatible at
all it's so funny but same with my mom
and my dad and like they stayed together
I think is probably because I'm crazy I
like children yo man because I have like
this lunch to travel and like do all
this stuff and they're free spirits and
stuff and then Scorpios are very like
possessive jealous crazy angry or not
angry but like they're very like
passionate they are possessive and they
are jealous although I don't get jealous
with you
yeah and the thing is I love traveling
too we both want to travel like together
so it's kind of all matches up so you
are so hold on a second I want to travel
but you want to be possessive of me and
jealous therefore you won't travel that
much travel on my own yeah so it kind of
works out and I see
I'm Aquarius okay she's me with another
requires before and never again yeah I
think it's more in a person I don't know
leave either leave me some comments if
you believe in all that mumbo jumbo all
the star signs stuff you know and why
now it starts I need you and are you
compatible with your current husband a
boyfriend yeah check to see if you're
compatible and then let us know I just
turned it the heater thing on the window
you know it's like actually see out the
window but actually just like completely
like the window just the old stubble
Muniz guys you're all stomping ground
Oh everything's organs getting ready for
the winter all the leaves are brown all
the leaves are brown and the sky is gray
come on scene is in a crazy mood and
then today see that pissed they haven't
had a proper walk like I was saying in
ages she went
she's my daughter make sure she's such a
good girl usually and I was silent the
whole thing a kid came up like two like
he was on his little scooter thing he
like rammed up the sides and I wasn't
fazed usually out here like attacking me
there and see that was like crazy come
on
she has she got a resistor like she just
saw a dog he went insane Bobby Bobby
Bobby
there's no rock it's super full today
this is the Saturday I think come on
let's get to the barnacle place which
out for this little Polly slops it is
cold today guys miniature tennis ball is
super comfy yeah the summer time I
prefer to see area Cena Cena we get
sweet pitch
he's a toy you mean a toy now you guys
gonna Kris toy you guys gonna get the
toy okay
joy no so a couple of you guys have been
tweeting me and facebooking me and
asking me about quite a blocks have been
going up a later time it's really
because we're putting a lot more effort
into this doll and a lot more production
value and everything that we're doing at
the moment right really you know push up
what we're doing and you know she got a
nose we're moving I'm trying to get a
studio together till the shoot more
stuff more collapse off just two loads
really exciting things and part of that
is finding the time to air because as
you guys know like if it's a couple of
hours every single day to you know to
add RPGs ran or do everything it needs
to be done with the vlogs and it's about
finding that time and I've laid I just
already have it which is good because I
love from the blogs are more exciting
and loads of stuff is going on but it
doesn't mean that we have you know the
time every single morning to get it done
so they're caught up with about and
they're like 6 6 p.m. GMT on 6 June 6
and 8 something like that I'm not sure
what that is on sort of East Coast time
but in Irish travel to at 6 and 8 I just
think it's better time plus everyone's
home from school and work in college and
everything and you know have a nice nice
cup of tea sit down and watch the vlog
at ease you know I suppose somewhere in
the world it's probably the morning time
but am I think it's a better time
no-one's really complain a couple people
just said like oh the videos late again
late again it's like it was 2 2 p.m. all
threads somewhere and stuff and I think
that's suited for them I think this is
just that I think it's just a better
time you know hope you guys understand
and because I want to keep doing this I
won't be able to do this for a long
period of time not just a little short
period of time so we constantly need to
develop it so we can do it for a long
time no one cares about the ball or
yeah hi mrs. bake time we're gonna see
two places on Monday their boat in the
same area one of them is newer and the
other one but one of them is Mathis I'm
wondering I'm just like please me sighs
boy am I think it's got a green area but
it's still Nina it's still like really
close to here you guys are gonna run
into Marsh you guys gonna run into Marsh
Marsh
oh she's straight in oh it's not as bad
as your husband in the past where is he
come on come on
run into Marsh run into Mars I love some
marshmallows hmm I'd have a Christmas
I'm you get you know those boxes of like
24 marshmallows or fifty or hundred
million marshmallows what would you
prefer now this is only if you're a
marshmallow connoisseur like I am what
do you prefer just snowballs or tea
cakes do you guys know what I'm talking
about snowballs and I'm the same day and
every country they're all the same thing
snowballs are the chocolate likely
chocolate-coated marshmallow with
sprinkles of coconut magic what is your
favorite and this is for the air
Saturday night stay in type peoples that
don't usually go out and have parties
and have friends and socialize and have
to time their fights or the people who
watch The X Factor this is pretty other
people would you get the pizza pasta pie
the chicken they chuck a deep show the
tide or chicken no not chicken Chinese
Thai Indian pizza chipper what else is
there
cook a dinner vegetables or something
but you know no I need a moose
Saturday night
like I guess if you're like impressing
someone you can sort of bring them home
and say they're like you know cook them
a fresh meal and be like Bonjour Madame
I make about fresh Indians would you
like to taste their bones all my down
Madame boozang but I'm not really like
that because I'm married now so I'm just
going to get a takeaway I'm thinking ago
and visiting the elephant people because
I like the elephant people do you like
this house we're thinking to getting
it's nice Pleasant
there's a bunch of big people like
across strokes yet the park-like
compressor off like a cobra something
all that excited like they're a little
bit rowdy and I was gonna give it to
them all okay so where is it again ah
over there by the extra vision is the
scary mannequins
hello scary mannequins at the local our
local place guys remember you actually
spent popcorn you actually spent the
night here one time number looks like
eating it there's a kind of bubble
around you want as a walking bubble
effect whoa oh it sounds super busy not
restful busy there is this fella popcorn
no source of that popcorn is okay ladies
first
maybe to the exhibition
the activism everything here
we're gonna make popcorn I think so
chickens exhibition it's got like
Barbies in this area
wedding pairs looks like she liked her
from the phone yeah I like the Toy Story
guys more toys
I switched ones over there so we're
going to buy like sweets & stuff the
popcorn from exhibition we hoping it's
gonna be good it's normal it's gonna be
good I wonder like cinema popcorn or
Cermak what is the difference that
actually makes it
we can became why is that we in the
middle that's so cool look it's actually
a real sweet store Antonelli's celebrity
friend where is there is it in here oh
it's probably some screen thing oh and
we sat there none right now you can
guess it so it's like a real traditional
Irish sweet stuff or not Irish know what
Irish in there nice a traditional guys
look what I did to Jovi's hat it's so
funny
look I tied it it keeps your chin more
with the buttons it's a chinstrap
well I do it with mine here you can't do
it we are you gonna tie them together
hey guys I'm bein seen are my friends oh
god it's not funny
no it's not funny yours is funnier your
buttons are like the ones that you get
on like baby grows and stuff
we got the elevator up from Westar how
do you even go
does anybody know anything there's no
it's it's not the forbidden elevator
guys do you know where the founders I'm
gonna leave you
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
it's totally free there's no obligation
just click that yellow button it if
you're the kind of person that likes to
uh likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that likes to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the stylized channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out at Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
Saucony we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that way there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend pages
still love because of course Facebook
society section or maybe a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
