blue cardigan what are you guys doing
there
I would so bother this I'm already
wearing a cardigan da but anyways this
is what my birthday cardigans do you
like it do you like it do you like it do
you like it
so lettings pony kind of weird but um
it's really nice it's from that friend
called num with an umlaut it's really
weird name but it's it's nice clothes
and we're going to be opera tonight but
this isn't what I'm wearing this I love
to comment on Facebook and or I didn't
leave a comment I just posted on
Facebook and I post on Twitter and I was
like what do people usually wear to the
Opera like cuz what I always thinking
was like you know pretty woman she goes
in a ball gown and stuff but like we
live in Cork like that just doesn't
really happen here so I was like I
wonder what I should wear I wasn't gonna
go like this but then I was like should
I dress up more like should I wear a
ball gown or should I wear like just a
little bit black dress and I think the
general consensus is a little black
dress
I'm gonna wear it that's it right there
so it kind of swings out at the waist
then it comes to the belt I'm gonna wear
it with my pearls which I have here
which my mom got me in Sorrento for my
wedding and oh that's pretty much it oh
and then I'm gonna wear tights obviously
because it's like a bajillion - a
bajillion degrees outside already
and that's pretty much it oh yeah and
heels obviously and then I might wear my
new other cardigan that I got this I got
this cardigan from my mom I'm gonna do a
birthday haul though so you guys will
see everything properly but but this
cardigan for my mom and then I got this
other cardigan from soaked in love will
that yeah that will go yeah I think that
will work
it's kind of like a mushroom color and
then it's got the
like sequiny detail in black so I think
that will look really pretty together
we'll see we'll see if that works or not
if it doesn't work I'll try something
else because I don't know they both have
kind of weird shapes to them so we'll
see and the bed needs to be made like
badly no no one of the reasons guys I
want to live here is that we were
slightly misled because and this is
hanging on at the moment call this is a
we call it goes to stage because look
they've just pretty much abandoned it
like all these houses are unfinished and
abandoned or who we are up the top there
are like finishing stuff well kind of
finished we'll say but like look this is
horrible like to live in an abandoned
side of the state it's so terrible isn't
it there's this liars because I know
today how does he have to get pens in
and stuff but him they're all like
bankrupt in like the state Owens most of
these estates you know like empty but or
they she lets go to the Opera and figure
out our troubles hey guys
hmm hello when they played together we
may be a smudge in late just a smudge
because of this this problem here is
causing some some some problems hey
what's this guy doing wait a second
well that's awesome because the traffic
is all like on disappeared and
disappeared and it's opions
anyone around the corner hopefully not
we're going into town you see most
people are going out of town
qu√≠ we're going into town cuz we're
gonna wanna freakin Mama's I want to get
some katsu chicken the old family is
already in there eating getting starters
have duck for starters oh like me guys
I'm addressing sufficiently for the
Opera do you like me my dress
sufficiently for the Opera even brought
out the old wedding clothes something to
do it there I've worn them since down
right well remember gonna I know I'm
like I need an excuse to wear them again
I need a reason I can't just look dapper
all the time
then you wouldn't dare wouldn't be as
much of a big whoa Joe fancy looking
dapper oh why thank you Tom that comment
up cuz I seem somebody's gonna leave
that coming right I don't even know but
there's an Occupy Court going on guys I
didn't even know that guy was even
happening does anybody know somebody
should tell somebody what are you doc
you playing though that's just a
restaurant
well the occupying says they're occupied
the street
Oh the streets we don't want an awesome
spot me but I like you can't park there
until after half 6:00 it's like 35
minutes past boom that would go so well
than me I had the church the courthouse
you guys were in where wagamama it's
even if you're not from here
have you seen this book - Arthur Mama's
enough times to know
is it you know oh my god I never did
that
how observant w my mama thought I'd see
such a copycat winner beetroot juice
Erica's got my dinner I would say three
being a juicy people that we are I would
have looked at that in hot like oh my
god I'm not having kyboot juice so now I
know it has it is there
get all the chicken and none of the rice
and this big grid on my fingers so I
think we were dying in that situation
realize
popcorn at the Opera
we're gonna walk back to the car because
we got a pack set and I don't want to
bring the box I can hold it what is it
Peck said I think it's a wedding gift
from anakata
you guys Ramayana cat she was in the
video everything she did there I think
it was a vlog in Norwich yeah
Schmitt go round a house Jonathan is
that him dumb shoe are you for real
now one of my feet is smaller than the
other so it keeps him
see that one foot is smaller than your
other foot
make-believe lon
it is freezing cold yeah she's trying to
tell me she's one foot smaller than the
other I think it slides 15 minutes I six
that code gives you like a shivering
shivering pink a pink
I think shop Eric is forcing me to walk
too fast okay I don't want a power walk
because I don't have to power waste on
power what power so walking would lit
away no I never actually you can come
into tonight but it doesn't look really
cool and bright Ricky's gonna I've been
coaching girls girls and they're cold
bodies I have warm blood I have good
circulation it's not a Christmas tree
Christmas the invasion of the Christmas
trees now remember how to talk to us
in here I guess only partial okay good
afternoon I should get sweets no crunchy
sweets we're gonna get dealies
hmm you can't really go in and get super
kitty mix can you so I went to the Opera
and I got some popular oh yeah Erica got
some fantastic
check out the seat CEO why excited yeah
excited exactly has this plan or she's
going to open the sweets now so that
does not make a sound raw because to
mention this Tina in a moment where
she's about to kill herself or something
and here's big Russell
I'm so super excited I guess I still of
us were really really close
oh my god watch Patel that somebody just
come up to recently put your head into
me careful now careful up the Tang
castex careful of the Tang castex use
what antastic you can have some my day
tactics let's get you your own it was
your birthday your birthday is over it's
okay I'm sorry
looking arnica clothes here hope nobody
sits there
it's a tallest man in the world comes
along and sits right there I will be
very very upset
we're headed here Perks a hair front
front rocks what is the policy a quorum
for this here because I want to put my
elbows here you also want to put your
elbow there but if I take the front and
you take the back try the back area you
don't even need it look you're tightly
fit in this guy ain't a sprawl
I need a sprawl situation well can I
have that one over there then can I just
like being over here
we're thinking the first that good no my
favorite bit I came into Ron's open it
scream like I'm gonna be like that the
rest of night you know that everything I
do I were finally getting some munchies
now it was like there was too much going
on it was like too much behind I was
like the minute that light - enough
there's like nobody touches anything
like well there was someone over there
you can pack in her business we all know
who you are you were here
yeah was your baby parts over
everything you say has to be at the
Opera whoa whoa why did you put a button
in my pod do you feel
oh my goodness it's chilly in here but
you liked it it was awesome it was an
awesome show did you like it
did you cry I know she never came back
which is awesome because then like I'd
love the space what did you think it's
really sad at the end so mean you come
back car screw you man oh my god is the
colors I've ever been in my entire life
she's a weirdo so they had to bring like
an actual child on stage for the little
child that's and I was like funniest
thing ever
cuz the childhood obviously bordering
the flower toy
have a session lit up you've got more
Christmas stuff shopping centers all
ready for Christmas everywhere is ready
for Christmas I'm not writing for
Christmas why they're gone now let's go
to our most awesome is parking his spot
you love it yeah we should go some more
operas
thanks for watching another episode of
the Saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because that would be ah and if you want
to subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation just click
that yellow button if you're the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's install
that channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out on act Jonathan Jolie and of
course follow at Anna Saucony
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of our space what
society Texan on TV a limited number of
friends thanks again for watching videos
