ah sure thanks Ally I really appreciate
that guys get my morning juice together
happy birthday to you
I couldn't find a candle so I have you
so much it's our first birthday baby
guess which one some hope that's not
world of warcraft there's actually mom
that's uh mmm if you see that hmm now I
don't have a degree in wrapping it can
be twinsies right now yeah I know did I
see this before I had my am my gym juice
I thought it might even Jamba Jamba
Juice how's yours you like the
strawberry you ready to go to gym on
your birthday whoo I'm gonna face the
camera right down it see how cuz I'm too
embarrassed to show you guys but I think
at age 24 I have accumulated a few gray
hairs what do you think
my roots great leave a comment let me
know did I get you somebody left the
comment on my blog telling me that my
roots were great should post boots
you're right that would be like my roots
aren't great it's dry shampoo guys bTW
and then I was I thought of something
funny and I was like okay I'm gonna
spray it like loads and then going to
Johnathan really upset but yeah it's
it's dry shampoo it's my birthday
I'm just doing my hair the room is an
entire mess right now
but we're moving soon so who cares just
kidding
but yeah I think we're gonna go see a
few more places today maybe even though
it's my birthday I'm like wants to be
doing that kind of stuff on that
birthday and also I have to film today
as well god I have so much to do I would
say oh my god
and then we're going out for dinner um
this looks really crazy right now look
at it we're going out for dinner this
evening as well to really fancy place
that I've never been to before so I'm
looking forward to that but anyway I
just wanted to show you guys my gray
hair isn't it cool fun I should actually
just leave it like this all day
happy birthday it's not your birthday
anymore
what you're one you know this underwear
here ever rising laundry basket we
created a bigger laundry basket I'm
gonna stop blogging with gray hair now
and fix it
trying to bridge over there they're
doing road wrecks
here is a big fan using their possible
well your she kids it's called an echo
super punch boyfriend trying to get in
my way out of my way I got a birthday
girl with me and we're going to the Pope
look how hairy my pants are like that's
actually ridiculous
I hate these puns I love them but I hate
them because they're so moldy or
whatever you call it
yeah they molt well actually no they
don't want they just attract things that
mold so that really sucks
oh my god
lucky jewelry oh oh yeah this I
think what holy crapoly I bought their
earrings you know the M the breast
cancer awareness earrings that um Katie
Lapp from the Shaytards her sister
Sadie's beads makes jewelry and I bought
them because I like them so much and
their king look these are my earrings
from Sadie's beads
feel like I have a little piece of
Shaytards on you and I'm gonna wear
these but seriously she said - I don't
think oh I don't why I don't want
because when you buy a piece of jewelry
you get the pair of breast cancer
earrings free so because I put earrings
I still got that your YouTube that's
cool though isn't it oh my God look how
pretty they are advice and they come in
little pink chiffon baggy look how nice
and then it says thank you for your
support came so fast that was actually
fast Hey and she said her little car
eclectic original original handmade
jewelry stated stuff aren't feiyr.com
for Etsy
Thank You Sadie here's cheer momentous
occasion okay for fer z4z let them eat
change I'm late for today and she wrote
it in pink and purple I hope you have a
great birthday and that you gets work
all year long
love tanzamarie Thank You Tammy it's
from Trader Joe's your favorite please
oh my god no way
I love Trader Joe's I've never been to
traders Jose thank you fresh food
suppose I got a message from this girl
she was like oh my god she was like I
feel so stupid she said she made me a
birthday card and I didn't actually
understand I thought it was like an
online card or something but she said
she made she made me a card on like one
of those photo upload cards you know
moon pic she was like I feel so stupid
cuz it said on the card like there was a
template there and she kind of worked
around the template or whatever and she
forgot to take off what it said
it says Happy Birthday Lucy all pictures
of me and Jonathan looks like me me and
Jonathan on our alby's birthday the four
of us
that's so cool if she had made that Wow
happy birthday and she seemed frozen
honestly in England oh my god - Natalie
in Germany yeah that's weird and Natalie
are natalie is good at making things
one site has like all the families
that's actually really clever and then
the other side has wedding
thank you so much little makeup bags
he's getting birthday subway
yeah that's for the birthday special but
I have a birthday especially ok let's
make some starlight videos oh it's
bright bright light mm-hmm all right
this is my little baby baby this is the
at-home version which is different
because it still needs to rate though
because it's too darn heavy but um oh
what's the light like do I look good
well it's lit up I'm gonna try while
Kelly trying them well party we have to
move first but then I'm gonna try and
build a proper better studio so you've
got like a full a full set no
interference from this yellowness but
anyway that's not that let's get with it
what's including a velocity box video
you can you guys have glossy boxes and
you guys want a sneak peak I can't give
you a sneak peak if I can I drop my neck
we're at Omar's house oh god I nearly
fell over carefully drop the doggies off
have to choke he's off only getting in
Siena but they get there more than a
restaurant does I didn't get this for
whatever I see there I said could all
birthday people please attend the
kitchen area
happy birthday come on sing ok ready go
1 2
almost evening or Ricci Deeks okay like
you're hot
I'm so me oh my god run for your life
tell her mama saved you excited for
brekkie Gindin to a French place
pineapple
oh yeah that's German cruds is down here
no no no no Liam what's the name oh yeah
I remember guys
kind of thing it's kind of fire that
cool pretty gonna get there's a lot to
choose from
see we're all civilized schools we all
wait but somebody here has decided to
have themself a little we're squared do
like the bread look who's got the other
special starter of asparagus king
Bobby's doing you going to look at this
mess over here and you get your dirty
plate I think your jerky fight needs to
go over there over here yeah no she's
war making all the messes
French very gently sparking premium soft
drink because a life of fairness so it
must be good
so I'm is it nice tasting forget this
bad boy hair of chicken hey what a day
did you enjoy that yes was that a tasty
meal that was a super tasty meal if the
link your legs up go they're not they're
not together if they match them up it's
a match them oh my god
we get diseases your disease diseases
okay oh we're all going to the same car
so tiny legs oh my god I'm gonna touch
my first Christmas tree this year
Christmas tree it's a bit early where's
your mom look we'll hide behind here
until she comes o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree
but there's the River Lea the River Lea
is beside the Christmas tree which is
beside me
oh my god where is it oh look that's
quest a moon I squash moon good city huh
that's what we did I am
okay there where the slowpokes can you
jump over it one go do it do it do it do
it do it do it oh my god you're such a
fail you have to jump over a completely
in one go
you want to come on window one don't do
it do it do it do it once you cough at
the same time slowpokes fine let's get
out of here
Missa pan what's the plan what's the
plan
where's the van where's the plan what's
the plan little man mr. fan little man
sorry
go peepee sneaky Tina see what are you
doing up here I totally forgot we're
going to tomorrow we're going to see
Lionel Richie the flight of the
bumblebee Madame beautiful but yes we're
gonna see that tomorrow is awesome I'm
so excited in the Opera House in court
that is the best news I have ever heard
in my entire life well actually
second-best me is because you see this
that's all for us it's time to go ready
yeah I think you guys should probably
spend the night at Alma's Hannah so and
just pop you here hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you'd be the kind of person that
likes who likes a bit of computer game
you don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
likes to be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at Anna Saucony we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where is it's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages well
until our friend page is still up
because it for our Facebook society that
can only be a limited number of friends
thanks again for watching
