you guys are old you guys oh my goodness
thank God I can't believe you guys are
still here in the old camera and you
waited because Oh camera you guys
appreciate the ending last night of the
vlog ADIZ you guys look what happened oh
no I think it's broken or someone are
you sure
I took one of them off though because it
actually was able to put it on this one
but this is the old fog is this - 1:30
this is the 2:20 and seriously need to
get a unbreakable camera there must be
one leave me some comments if you guys
know about it it started one of these
digital cameras at anyway do you know
whose birthday it is today do you know
whose birthday it is today
I'll give you a hint she's small she's
cute and she will bite your freaking
legs off this is so unfair I'm seeing
his birthday
this is so unfair ok going down to mama
stylist gonna get some num nums I like
you rock on whenever we're going to act
with Athena's birthday gotta go to
Grandma's on your birthday it's like
it's like birthday must Jews also guys
get this on a little bit of a DL but I'm
gonna bring you guys somewhere because
some way that I think that you might
want to live no I'm not saying I'm not
saying you have to live there you know
you guys can live in the garden when I'm
just saying you know let's all go as a
community as a group we'll all hold
hands you know and we'll go and we'll
look together and we'll see how we feel
about it I'd also like to point out that
my wife just got sexier actually didn't
feel material but I thought I would do a
tutorial and then I like to kind of
practice beforehand just so that I don't
make you your mistake sooner much should
be doing it so if you want to know how
to do this look then just leave a
comment let me know if you think it's if
you dig it's nice we don't like it
don't leave a comment and say don't like
it
so it doesn't see that for it to a so
it's kind of like no
but it's really like dramatic
at least for me
just dropping airtight
I got some old blood to the left my
handbag in my mom's house last night
I was like oh whatever better for me
they wanted to like drive all the way
out of here just get it because there's
nothing we need
I'll be dressed in there I have my phone
I'd like
you will need to run you ready to run
Seema happy birthday Seema
Oh God Oh Liam I'll go I am are you
ready yeah okay guys just look as we run
for our safety who's in here thank you
is it next gate so much hello oh my god
are you down there
let's close this so Nikki doesn't a
shion's so we need to go though look she
left a Gmail open oh my goodness so I'm
going to unlock the car I don't even
know if that work Nina go for it run run
oh god there's like a little late here
oh goodness oh goodness oh goodness
Supt
alright thanks your mom I didn't know
that the doggies are there so there's no
rude surprises and let us head to our
new potential abode what do you think of
that idea I didn't have pretty darn
marvellous jovis
all right guys you ready for our
awesomeness if this could be the
awesomeness
yeah I know I know it's looking at you
think of it yeah it's really nice
the second target oh my god this is a
dead bird there's a dead pigeon in there
today Wendy one first you like this one
oh my god what is this you can share it
guys Oh
Sina this is from your brother all my
like this is the present
what are you going no you got it wrong
this is the present what is it what is
it what is it
Oh what is it what is it what is it what
is it what is it what you got guys it's
a card in there I see enough of what
Evans mmm
look what I got next day Chile Chilean
rice oh yeah totally worth coming down
here for this huh
would you get sandwich oh my god guys
look the road is closed and I want to go
just there
oh no we're home
oh my God look at this craziness
holy crap okay guys we're gonna run cars
open all right if you take this house we
need to get a horse I think that woods
what we would call no Illya Napoleon it
was nice it was the stables converted
into a house on like a a big acre of
land or something I just think I'll be
in seem to be lost there plus I don't
know like the decor the corn you know on
the walls are big no no but we decided
to travel on true and go see a third one
today oh my god we are like on the hunch
today guys yeah
back in the Halloween house of fun so I
want to go home you guys oh oh
splish-splash anya dayta
little pee in your pants which is coming
in a minute because we got to go first
okay sweet nate is Augie spray aah
let's go homie Oh guys I'm gonna go
homie Oh whoo we're gonna go get into
your princess bed to go and get some
dinner treats for Nene's she just woke
up guys because it's her birthday in a
few hours
there's nothing they wake up that's the
rules guys well you might go get her
some treats
you might discuss that along the way
okay Bobby it's always much harder when
you live with someone too they try and
surprise and horror birthday things so
I'm trying to just get her like you know
something cute like a little cake and
stuff and then I just bring the shop in
tube and Thomas or something like that
trying to find a cake that says kind of
you know something cheese but they don't
wanna get a whole big birthday cake you
know because that's just like ridiculous
you know you know it's our birthday oh
my god it is
oh my God look love from me to you oh my
god that is so cute if I kick something
that a lot of you guys are people don't
actually expect honestly like yeah
that's like super humble right and I
never expected anything from anybody
so like the smallest gifts that you give
her mean so much like I know you kind of
think you know looking she's like so
pretty and she's so like oh my god she's
probably such a bitch which is actually
not which is quite surprising I must say
when I first met her I remember seen
anything like oh god well they were part
of a roller coaster and I'll get burnt
probably worth the trip but when that
bitch use like a super nice person like
you know
that's why I married her guys that's
right
thanks back to myself no way a girl this
pretty can actually be that nice but
they're not really an assertive style I
love these little hats I saw some people
at the meet up there at the weekend but
she wearing these little hats but
they're so cute
well like really actually bigger they
would like to get their head into those
hats what do you think like like a
little female javis hot pink one that'd
be really cute so he could be like the
same together with your family the
mittens always have to get two cards one
for me and one from Albion Xena
because of course they're gonna have to
get our card so I totally forgot to buy
the water Tony's
wonderful my water bottle
no run defender shot because I made that
mistake yesterday this is nice what
again and what are things gonna forget
did you want a minute non-abrasive I'm
just kidding
are you wanted to search you can't be on
the hunt how can I trust you
you'll have to come in no you'll be
under root
you'll be rooting around the place
didn't buy anything anyway I'm making
you dinner tonight before your birthday
what else do you want for me no birthday
I can't believe I forgot my water
because I left the water bottle in my
mom says I'll just pick up another one
and don't see my trick is if I buy it if
I have a bottle of water I end up
drinking the water but if I don't have
the water I don't end up drinking the
water and then I feel too thirsty and
what okay so that wasn't 100% true I did
forget the water bottle but I also can't
find any sellotape in the house to
actually wrap Anna's present O's that
would be a problem I thought if I just
maybe like used like I don't know snot
or something but then maybe the slot T's
wouldn't be good and I don't I have to
make my snot C's more adhesive
maybe if I eat pretty sick but then why
would I eat the cuz I can just use
to put stick would you actually
alleviate not using this Nazis I don't
really know so I thought maybe I'll just
go in here get my water and hopefully
some sellotape
don't work that got my water and my
sellotape announced offend balloons
because
like that oh yeah mmm
chicken and mushroom herb pie with
potato in the top also you guys you guys
want to go and keep an eye on that for
me tell em see you guys tomorrow okay
don't fear it's Anna's birthday tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
kick that yellow button if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer gaming don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like be stylish at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
install that channel if you want to keep
up to date with twitter don't forget to
check me out at Jonathan yo
and of course follow at aniseh ponies we
also have a Facebook page where you can
post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
