the mall entrance
good morning idea the old Sakura TV and
you watch all your videos this morning
and iOS doing anything you're sitting in
to see it's right yeah so we are
watching oh why are we hello we're
watching old holiday rentals
throughout this morning I guess what
we're going to mmm
where are we going when I kill America
and Foley but next should I outside one
day and down it's too and it's going to
be free and then full again looking it
or not full okay so this tiny hello to
until right and then framing to say get
close whoa
so myself Alana we're discussing about
we're at we're talking about holidays
and stuff and oh my goodness my no wait
said like oh we're not going to go away
cuz you're didn't house and so for that
you know and then it was in the case
about half an hour like you know what I
need it man I need a holiday I do
because it's so much going on when you
kids go back to school and it's so busy
the last quarter this year was just
going obviously the books coming out was
on a book tour it's gonna be crazy stuff
like going on so I was like you know
what we need a bit of a break for frying
the only usually got 100 a year yeah and
then usually track the year we go to
convention to do stuff over travel
issues there's nothing Jose how you ride
your bike
that is amazing the shoes are nothing at
all so I was like Noah I think we need
it I think all of us as a family need to
just go somewhere and like recharge I
did see it because it's Alexi has come
like it's just been like full-on mayhem
I want to see how cold fast it is just
man every day like every day all day all
right
up guys to change normative running on
like two three hours a night like the
recharge situation I was very good the
light didn't work out so well we
couldn't see it hello princess Eduardo
hello princess 100 and in ok Picasa
photo oh that's how I've ended up even
I've ended up with a little bit of cold
which isn't just come one worn down and
run down look at this pretty baby
ah midget is pretty big hi she's so
confused
oh she's wearing her Ted Baker outfit
this was a present from Amelia's friend
Sophia's mom and it's so cute and when
she is when she got it for her she was a
newborn and it looked massive it's h 0
to 3 months but it's quite big like a
quite a big year 3 because she's growing
out of most of her 0 to 3 things now and
but this it fits more like a 3 to 6 I
would say um kinda nice you can't really
see but that's what it looks like the
little flowers and it's quilted
underneath like not underneath but like
the bottoms are quilted so cute you look
so cute little Ted Baker baby okay
what's going on because I think oh it
was such a freak it
it does realize it was like Bend really
awkwardly anyway she looks adorable also
I just wanted to say so she has started
doing this thing which is so annoying
and so Thor but then at the same time
look at her like how could I be annoyed
at her she's too cute and but she
started doing this thing which I can't
even remember the two did it to be
honest I think I might have just loved
to as they probably did but she pinches
my boob when she's feeding so she like
rolls the skin between her she grabs
like her thumb and her forefinger and
just like pinches the skin of my boob
where it's really quite thin and
sensitive and she rolls it between her
thumb and her forefinger like weird but
basically I think it's like a comfort
thing you know have cats
do that to that blanket and see you know
does it to her blanket too so it's cute
but at the same time it hurts like hell
and I've tried cutting her nails but it
still hurts like her nails are still
sharp they're small um yeah so if
anybody has any tips on how to deal with
us some more ways because I could do
with those goodnight because you're a
cute baby put your little bit vicious
with that pinching we'd like to stop
that please Thanks last time
are you want to see yourself give you
yeah yeah if you loved her bag mm-hmm
you got so one of my favorite books and
I was like a kid like quite little was
fast waters hot by sharing hues I think
surely you summon me surely you and that
was literally one of my favorite books
like of childhood and my mum put up this
Instagram picture as if I were an intern
probably knows already what I'm talking
about but basically she put up this
interim and it was of my aunt like
orient to see and it looks exactly like
one of the pictures come at it from up
from that book so he's almost identical
so weird like suing suit she's got on
and her hair like everything really
where is it and you haven't always after
your certificate of information but it
just came to mind because one of the
lines in the books is bath waters hot
tea waters cold yeah always reminds you
a bath time
now you're trying to ba yeah I actually
asked with my mom I feel kind of bad
that like I don't do that with my
children and I surely don't I think
because well back in the day we that
bust like not as a student because my
kids it's like not if I'm already put
like others how it was back in there no
we didn't have daily baths or anything
and I feel like if it were every day
like she obviously learned us on that it
was like more like specific method and
does it was the same like right but now
they can change and you know sit where
where it is the BEC high schooler
kidding no so and I never did it let's
to thing us ever done it to me reduction
I should try it I should try like I'm
trying a shower with my kids I don't
know my gosh now is au revoir
so this terrible person now what with
them once once I have 20 raccoon
to create online I mean I did carry all
four like pretty much ten months
actually to do all were too late to get
out on time you were all over doing all
of you know he wants to come out some
running a media about his long distance
so she wanted one even though it were
two already got a shower because he went
to swimming today and she did really
well patently the teachers they seem
really improving hi I'm trying to I'm
gonna try and show you guys in leg look
at what she does with her leg the
kicking the kicking yeah you do like the
kick is in your swimming
I'm cheesy trying to show everybody your
progress like what are you doing
you are insane insane insane insane to
baby the babies okay let's actually wash
you media is going to show us some back
serving because I mean as a professional
swimmer now I don't know if you guys
knew it but your pudgy no to your daddy
was a professional to work an amateur
swimmer but I represented our country is
a new champion good okay
so Wow let's get swimming just again oh
oh my goodness we need a bigger back on
me we need a giant don't do it don't do
it
boy mister Nicky wardo in the box and
just waiting on lefty Anessa
family all right box toys
I know it right if you suppose of you
are so what it's a nice bro sup bro bro
not a bro a pro and where does it begin
a well it word old I think you'd be on
the beginner now you you thanks
everybody like everything in doing and
I'm gonna hello there is the next day we
didn't end the video because we watched
Game of Thrones doesn't that the third
and everybody like the brothers gonna
end roughly abruptly ah
hiiiii why am I gonna do what a huh but
anyway look like luckily for me no no no
I'll make a magma vlog right now so
anyway for me I was here to save the day
okay so thanks for watching your video
friends and we'll see you same time
tomorrow make my friends hit that like
button leave a nice comment subscribe if
you're new subscribe if you're old stop
that party people supporting people so I
party people
some party people what's up party people
o people o people o see you guys
tomorrow
party people oh oh
ah
you
