yeah I just just right
oh my god well I happy post-halloween to
you guys and it's all back to normal
it has something for like oh my god I
drew another soul alright we are back
backwards can't put a renegade master he
might be is broken at the broken one but
I'm like for the bargain price we can
happen today you guys like the Halloween
special yesterday was it awesome mom
but was it not awesome mom who do you
feel lately had an ass in his hand I was
like when I was at that meeting on
Sunday I was like mom she started to
feel like a lot like slimmer better and
stronger himself so you know that's
definitely an encouragement to work hard
at the gym easy what exercise have you
done today
how's it's halfway and I kind of mags we
got a look at spinach
I liked your tree I love the spinach is
like fresh like the farm we got guys who
speak today oh yeah I didn't know your
department will get some anyway look at
some garlic oh it's right there
you should know in case you're wondering
who Jordan is and why was he portrait
and Indian garlic students didn't miss a
teddy bear
Havana's course Eddie was the dog the
dog bear yeah and like take them home
mix them up just like dry pastas out
today oh yeah so today's the first not
the second so I guess it said tomorrow I
don't know why it's not today I thought
she's there so maybe it's cause like
Halloween I don't know Nina
here's the first second it's like the
whole thing was like the second the
second I was like hey she's like no no
it's out tomorrow right no midnight
opening right nothing like nicely so I
guess they're go cuz I wanted to go to
gamestop guys I don't like going to I
don't know excuse me I want to go to
game I do not like going to games up
because they messed me over so many
times and I never find that I get a
really good experience there where this
game in my hand point I always get an
awesome experience there so I wanted to
go down and there's leaving me today by
the way we're filming together like best
friends and then I'm leaving you or like
besties like BFF moving oh I have to
initialize the ignition process okay
dokie see this birthday present
okay so it's Tina's birthday tomorrow we
need to get her a present ace don't we
oh my God look mini boss oh yeah we got
it in Sina loves the balls like she
loves me go on walkies and I forget the
boss already on it's so cool it has a
hood yeah I think steno would like this
what the hell is that like is that
actually like part of a human or
something is that we think she wants
daddy surfer cats they public cat bags
are probably more secure
probably better so we bought Cena's bed
for her birthday tomorrow we might have
to keep it in the car because otherwise
you'd see it but we went to maxi zoo
which is this right here look at this
little picture it's so clear to Scott
like a multi-use and I think I don't
know some kind of a terrier on so cute
anyways there they're having a sale next
week and the girl that this is another
example of how Maxie zoo completely
Trump's Pet Stop in terms of like
customer service every game from Spain
stuff yeah no seriously because I'm very
like I told you guys that we've got
Halloween costumes how to get the
harnesses in pet shop and every time the
doctor was so rude to us like so
unhelpful lazy
like just not nice to us at all and in
Maxie's ooh I always said there were
always really nice and especially in our
local one and the girl was like oh
there's a sale starting next week and
she showed me this in the cat picture
because we bought her a cat back because
she's too small for any offense the
don't birds are never as nice as the cat
as you know the cat pads are always nice
and like some jobs work for like big
dogs yeah for big job so people need to
pay just okay so anyways she showed me
this that's the bed we bought and it was
$39.99 she gave it to us for $19.99 she
was like Mother's Day sales are next
week and then I didn't even understand
really what she was doing I was like
awesome rested tomorrow though but she
had already put it in like the sale
price so that was really nice of her and
we've been there like maybe three or
four times total oh my god John I did
guys I forgot the actual thing the joke
thing and that's sitting on my own test
ha ha credibly Fudd so we're just going
to put like the glasses underneath it I
suppose I may be even a blender thing
here's all gonna be plopped in a blender
anyway so you've got to make 1/4
pineapple 2 apples it's like juice and
then avocado and 200 mils of biobot
natural yoghurt and that should be tasty
also obviously of course of course a
spoonful of flaxseed oh my goodness guys
the vlog and special thing is taking so
long to render out but am i hope it was
totally worth it I hope you guys really
enjoyed it well that's rendering out
there I'm over here working on my second
project for today which is the GK hair
video or the style I'd you should check
that out also if you have time in your
life also need to think I'm me Ken we
already decided what we're gonna make me
yeah I just said it on Twitter there
guys
I forgot to say yesterday but what fee
how often do you think would be if Emma
I'm a sister channel now about a year
ago I was always aware but it was a
no-go but it seems like something she
might actually want to do you know
because she is like an awesome cook did
you ever look at her blog himself and
you guys always like oh
blog is that what that when I said were
like make a Cooking Channel like Utah so
I think I'm actually convinced her to do
it which is totally awesome and
hopefully she doesn't change her mind in
an axpy day yet she does go ahead and
actually do it but how awesome would
that be that's was like even out your
Commons and say Oh be awesome and not be
like hey why don't just go ahead and
check out that video I'm boom because
we'll have some convincing to do for
yourself so suppose you just pop that in
there and sort of put that in there I'm
just like sort of put it in the oven
right that's it yeah
finally uploading the Halloween Horror
special did you love it
did you love it we've got here guys
sausages of course the vegetarian
doesn't eat sausages she has just the
boring Steen's but I have boring Steen's
plus something look at the size of those
sausages they are like meaty they're
like giant fingers as they look like
giant fingers we chopped the giant
fingers off the giant man that's you I
haven't done in quite a while
what time is it okay what time is it
Lina
you know what time is it somebody's
birthday is tomorrow no longer cero
it'll be no longer zero you'll be one
now for some hope it's not raining
inside oh it's not raining inside like a
disco song get from your birthday by the
way that's Rolly okay is it empty or
something feels very empty
watch out that today is the 1st of
November the day after Halloween you but
I think how the Halloween stuff will be
on G today because obviously gonna try
and get rid of the Halloween stuff oh no
christmas christmas has arrived
chris is wrapping paper christmas stars
christmas time hey that's a genius
though yeah see novio like
kidding everything's Christmassy they do
like to unwrap stuff
show me mr. Joey Joey there's certain
things in the world that make me get
excited one of them is this sign here
that makes me very excited by one and
you know what you can go ahead and get
another one for free just for not so
much that one not so much treat for two
that one I'm not feeling too for seven
because the other one was like they give
me one free I'll just go ahead and buy
some of this because I get one free
what if I just took the free one and not
the byway how much would be what took
took of all it took to did work why is
that much why is that much well why
would you go in and speak English that
oh I didn't realize I was in the
chocolate area for a moment holy crap is
that actually full of jaffa cakes oh my
god it's like the start of Star Wars you
know that comes along it's like some
jaffa cakes it's like a packet of jaffa
cakes
you can't even wear out and babe right
it oh my god I found it in the floor for
baking hunky-dory should I yeah I dared
knowing yeah you're having to get cereal
in the morning know what you need to go
with that
Farmers Weekly supercharged Soyuz it's
right beside the fruit and fiber because
that's what farmers eat you see I'm
trying to be like convenient nice
tractor this your beating stick is that
what you do
Oh careful there now warrior princess I
have a question what's the what's it huh
like what so what's it what's it what's
it what's it what's it what's it
so what's it what's it what's the last
time you guys had a packet of past years
for me and there's been a long time I
think I don't you get yourself a packet
of truth is you have to pass
oh it's the $0.64 okay that's just to me
that's the higher power saying dopest
and yet the free pass feels too long oh
my god it is so rainy it is so rainy and
cold oh hey guys come on guys I'm gonna
go for a midnight run zeal okay that
they're running back inside they're like
no way dad it's too rainy and cold I'm
gonna run away cuz it's too cold
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Zaccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
click that yellow button it if you're
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that likes to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's install that channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out at Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
Saucony we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where there's
a community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
still love because of course Facebook's
a Friday's excitability
noburo friends tend to get watches
videos
