I know which I like it was not put
inside you guys are sitting in the hood
of the car this is crazy
like police and everything
my goodness of slashing rain I want to
go so add double American is on today
awesome I'm so happy for all your
runners congratulations well done slight
problem though I'm stuck I can't get out
of here it's like I'm driving around
these roads when I see them I'll run a
bath like nuts and like so I'm gonna try
and maybe I'm taking like your name
buddy case you're and then like open to
walkins town and then try and get onto
the m50 that way and then turn back
around and head back it's crazy crazy
it's all crazy going out here we got
silver marathon did you run into love a
marathon you must be exhausted
holy crap I can't even go that way guys
alright look at the place because try to
turn the bus ready to turn well that's
the crazy side if I ever saw one
alright I have a plan guys I have a
sneaky plan but I'm a concern the fact
that they're coming from that way like
why were they coming from I don't know I
don't know check didn't Dublin with a
cockney nutjob have a cup of tea have a
cup of tea under that jar come in a jar
oh my god a block is in lived like
they've made a circuit around us but I
think it's just one o'clock now else 2
o'clock but it's actually 1 o'clock and
I was saying that and I was like my car
will fix itself in about 6 months when
we go back to the other time you never
have to change it just wait every 6
months
no I know how should I got up early and
left please said we can use the bus
lanes boom nice niceness
thank you guard Thank You Garda niceness
party central is he not and earlier he
was biking and everybody hears the Popo
not to be confused into Popo box
getting chicken wraps
we probably wonder what a bit of a
veggie we got local burger they're
selling sounder tough head off chop the
head
can I open up a mac severed head jeez oh
my god guys it has turned out to be
quite a stormy afternoon
oh my lord
oh my goodness oh my gracious oh my good
idea
Bridget's
actually that word
I have no longer able to see anything
say
oh my god sweaters say night almost like
something trying to stop us from coming
home like first of all like we couldn't
get out of the area because like the
marathon was there and it was like what
the hell and every road began to you
couldn't get to your finally get past
American and we end up in some like
crazy storm or something I like then I
go to the petrol station and the petrol
pump wasn't working I'm like what the
hell we probably have enough petrol to
get home anyway but like it's like what
the hell are you trying to stop me from
coming home or something wearing our
costumes you're so awesome and your blog
or a nice they're so cool guys this is a
cool spread nice pumpkin it's gonna live
this is awesome oh my god how the raw
sausages you guys are brought sausages
now we have a movie oh it's in another
movie little bumble me I'll be
Oh was Alby oh my god his party hats
order for my razor they go outside way
really cool inside the cool kids do it
yo Tina that's not for you
do you think she's won something get a
little fangs in the Oreos guys isn't
that so cool look at the detail look
you've got licorice of these like that's
licorice over there mm-hmm
what else have you got oh you got Casper
Casper the Friendly Ghost and some sort
of a pumpkin thing he asked my favor 100
you know Amber's a great cook oh but
Emma the very cook just did
why our sacrilege sacrilege but I am the
disaster cheering I'll still eat them
though I'll eat the ones that are burned
you don't like it always Senate roll
away just asking whatever it was get the
nuns Oh
oh my god no that's it sorry sorry sorry
children if your air slightly bled there
it's because mama style that was cursing
it's Halloween night it's bringing out
the people in her y'all see my name's
Ricky what Germans I use grills line
nine they use nine grills what the
Germans used to cook sausages Oh time I
had Matt he does matter here oh my
goodness pumpkin soup Emma three
disappointed because there's no
trick-or-treaters no triggers but it's
okay because I'm going to eat all of the
leftover food sweets that's the best
thing about Halloween you can go to the
shop and you can buy like mountains of
chocolate and sweets and no one's gonna
judge you because you know what you're
bringing up oh my goodness look at Aldi
he's like what the hell happened did I
just like jump out of the fridge oh my
god it's the coast oh my god and it's
crazy
today's being crazy day we didn't just
so be a spirit out to get us today
because like
because Halloween we have come to a
debate here where are they who has them
Erica taro with me Emma
Trudeau again oh crap okay guys you know
these things right let me just put one
on to you understand don't don't you
stretch it it work okay illustration
purposes these things right would you
call these on an animal would they be
Beeler's or an antenna was I biased and
how I said that okay aunt ni unten i yes
i'm deny the feelers me an air to say
feel antenna myself an Erica I'm just
trying to be diplomatic Eric and she's
gonna like Joey I don't need their
antlers so leave your comments and let
me know either team Austin say it's
Bevers you know you know what to say we
get trick-or-treaters Toni Erica is it
uh-huh no I was pissed she's like what
is it
you've only got a few so far but just
like a big cute mound of chocolate but
I'm going to eat it off every time the
door rings like oh the spread did you
gone mental
what's happening what's going on oh my
god places people
it was very excited
what we can't see them that you find
that since you know they'll love that
yes let me so apparently if you melt
this little pink Hey look finger pig if
you melt this team like this right
then you drop it into water why can't
you do it okay you can burn it yeah
let's melt up doo-doo-doo an explosion
may you have to do it
Xena look at her toilet she was chewing
on the sleep beside it you're right
stupid candle oh my god I'm so excited
this is like a normal meal for me what
are you so freaky fingers just giving
the leftovers what would you guys choose
if you had to choose something we can go
to the mo & M's did you go for the
skittles did you go for the moon milky
barging on skittles Maltesers Twix Mars
bars Milky Way stars or magic stars and
Oh God
oh my god it's set on fire fruit
pastilles oh my god there's so much
milky way's Smarties they have the
answer there is an infinite supply of
chocolate here it's amazing
however that's I haven't had skittles
and so long you guys are skills you know
you can put these in like wow this is
not for the younger of yours but you can
put this in vodka and you can leave it
overnight and you separate the different
colors out put it into your freezer you
can spot if it doesn't freeze and when
you take a nap you've got like am like a
flavored vodka if you are a consenting
adult age you should try that if you
have skittles on market it's quite tasty
look at the side one action stations
action stations did we got more
trick-or-treaters guys
so CUNY always jumps up there
I know you know push it come on or go
home eel did you pull your inner part
because I had seen who's doing it on the
video yeah I said no that's not what you
take me oh goodness sake big old camera
zo gotta put the old camera zo away and
then I gotta take apart my old Juicy
Juice cuz I'll leave that in the morning
but I'm hope you guys had a spooky
Halloween and hopefully no more crazy
crap happens to us for the rest of today
okay cuz you see like not being able to
leave the house this morning
that was ridiculous getting caught in a
crazy storm that was ridiculous like and
then in mama star light see all this
stuff like jumped out at a freight just
like going what the hell is going on
so maybe Halloween is a spooky night so
um what do you guys want to stay tonight
drama just to leave you guys here you
know so cuz it's kind of spooky so how
about you guys just like stay here you
know it's sort of like keep an eye on us
for tonight and I'm just gonna go ahead
and turn off the lights and good night
see anything go bump in the night make
sure to tell me
oh fuck
Jesus Christ Anna oh my god I'm not I am
serious the door the bottom door slammed
on me it did it's not our young master
like it's slammed on me that was not the
window that was not the window oh my god
stay there okay I'll go check it out
you're scaring me
Jonathan is
