what are you doing in the glove box
Luxor
they should've stole away or something
like that oh my goodness oh my goodness
for me just um start the vehicle
starting up the vehicle now and we are
heading into town guys to the Philip
DeFranco show cool show anyways go
through that when I suppose if you did
go to that you probably would have seen
us Darren said hello so I probably
already know that you actually went
there but if we didn't go well just keep
on watching because this is what you
missed
like this yesterday no I think it's will
be cited it's pretty big girl that
bridge is awesome isn't it
I don't actually really seen that one no
no sorry can't help convention center
bus stop oh my god
okay this thing its billing it's crazy
oh my god just think about it thousand
people signing outside oh my goodness
that's crazy so just go right through
now oh my god I get you into people
outside thanks finish crazy yeah I think
so I think so I think that's what
they've actually cute everybody up you
see people are like what is this what is
this event took it all there come on the
swagger swagger man you got a bribe I
mean I mean yeah table know what 60 get
you the bag hey holy crap my god I think
it's actually huge isn't it can't
believe you've actually I'm massive like
a feel on stage excited yeah yes they
all actually came just to see obviously
so we meet up in here guys go ahead
sorry it's really scary of course Anna
doesn't she sit in there yeah
I think um
my worst is yeah this is insane but do
you know the people that think it's
crazy
behind me
the same
my dime
I got some stickers for you guys I got
some more quite a couple of people
father Christmas is here as well I keep
saying that over and over again but it
is like oh my god ok anyone expected so
we'll be back to turn up thank you let's
go to the Black Sea
no I found Anna back in today London
Kuwait t-shirts we got a pink one for
Anna
he said she likes to make sandwiches
which is a good sign because I like
sandwiches we're not supposed to tell
you in there yeah oh my god so more than
2,200 people have turned up it's about
to start
doors are open doors are open it's about
to start
well excited and so the King Hospital
my god totally what I got last year are
you in that crowd there yesterday
holy crap awesome see the host Eddie
I thought I was really good in this oh
it's so funny
I can't believe Matt made out with
someone
yeah yeah I know your boyfriend's like
go ahead go ahead do it because I would
who are lost who actually lost crap you
can try and bind this oh my goodness
where are we going okay guys you a ninja
holy crap it's over now he asked a
question he was brave enough to ask a
question you were funny
I think guys it wasn't me now it's time
to get back there's a huge one over guys
in the meeting great now oh my god it
was like insane he's saying craziness
craziness be tired my hair is the
masters admit it was my hair mask what
has happened to my hair it's like folded
over on one side
don't judge me about my hair people okay
there's some crazy ninja thing going on
over there this is this is like this is
the place to be right now okay and we're
here we're sitting on this step it was
so strange because we sit now wherever
there's no way no something say
something really good go that's pretty
good that's like I get better than that
turn the Velocity's now by the way we've
invited the blessings and lakes by the
way could be coming soon what's up
Danielle hope you're feeling better
what's up I don't know why watch your
head office you're sick I would I would
have signed this you know but I was
lacking the ability to make ink from my
finger
sorry I will practice in the future but
I hope you get well soon
what's up someone dude was trying to
take a picture when Anna first off we
took a picture the last picture
what's this what is that is you being a
sword okay she found a sword on the
Lewis guys that's why you come to Dublin
you find stories everywhere
that's um everyone Arnold is it yeah
it's so awesome yeah yeah good to go
home and check out Albion there's no
lights on oh boy oh boy oh well trying
to go crazy door is your mum you want oh
my god is it Rex raining all right it is
peddireddy
bye see you guys in the blog ADIZ oh my
god guys so we decided to go off to
Eddie Rockets to get some food but ye
when I went home I took the card blogs
and I left the card in the computers so
actually we're don't turn it on it was
like no card and I was like oh god oh
god but God did do that to me he's an
evil God sometimes he's a good guy he's
a just God but um I think you got I
think it's way past your bedtime okay
let's just pop you in here and came way
past your bedtime because I don't want
you guys I don't want you guys grumpy in
the morning okay we have a long drive to
Cork in the morning okay so get a good
night's sleep and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and dont
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just kick that yellow button
if you'd be the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer
gaming don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
likes to be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's nostalgia
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at AK jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at Anna Saucony we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where if it's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages but
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook society they
can only be a limited number of friends
thanks again watch your videos
