ringing and everything unfair zo guys up
here boy she parked and walk the dogs
think it is horrible rain it's all of a
sudden it's just started to like pour
down it is so unfair like oh it's so
unfair I know why it is though guys you
don't wear a train because um we have
we're actually meeting someone later on
today and because they have come to
Ireland Ireland decided to give them a
proper Irish weather experience so it
decided the last rain which is
inconvenient crap look at this crap holy
Oh guys okay guys we're gonna go get
some uh mum's okay you guys mind the
house okay I'm in the car sorry we don't
live in a house Godspeed and good luck
mm-hmm
no goodness okay I've watched the
terrace why one second okay guys back in
a minute look in a minute guys
my intestinal vine fruit what we do now
or fruitarians fruitcakes more like it
yeah fine kind of small though we had
this discussion about the Tesco where we
live as well see people's are nice the
free-range was creeping today yesterday
free-range apples there there they're
grown in the field and they have loads
of room to run around and play a lot of
which makes them go faster fruity juicy
reco faster that is right let's unpack
this bad boy the blender blending see I
figured I buy all the fruit again but we
bought this because I don't like I want
to keep buying this stuff because that's
like super expensive so we bought the
flaxseed and then we just bought all the
fruits because that's easier it's easier
that way folks right let's make some
Juicy Juice freckle fast oh so yummy so
tasty I'll stop there a blue sky I see
okay so now slowly and sunny it's an odd
day it's a typical day that's uh let's
head into town what do you think my
friend I take it straight on to you I
think the Spanish for idea I also agree
but this might be a good opportunity
mm-hmm I do
I concur very much less Oh max I'm also
a great with for mentioned proposition
of the Talmadge and the city Sandridge
yes go go Liam but I add we do some
driving music for a bit of a montage
cutie music buddy
decided to go to the College of Surgeons
one day and Senator Brown Thomas won
because friends all Muslims always so
hard it's so much smaller this was like
absolutely massive this store is alive
emergency that's emergency I get Nene's
that was surprised when he came at the
door I was like oh Stephen's Green I
thought we're just going to come into
like a car park or something I I think
so that's something to be able to meet
up we are right here
yeah he just answers never at this high
up Pataki no no we're looking for a son
of an Irish gift for a little for two
little dollies the boss it's more freaky
for a baby's a means of foreign actual
animal no socks didn't you'd have to put
them on him elaborate on maybe do it
they have an actual dog side to him
sticking a toy
give them one each thank you
let's check this I was like a leprechaun
army there
I don't know you know I mean Xena was
like in this book
like woman's that's it again you're not
thinking this one or today this one
that's what I got for this one I think
this is okay listen order and I'll fight
they notice
my new hat oh she sent damage knowledge
duty old hat and mixing condoms you're
interested a little competition
someone can win it because I won't be as
we all had anymore at the new hat
so if you're interested in winning Joe
vessels original onesie hats leave me a
comment
I'm sure never given to you or somebody
mostly from nan and our mind a parrot of
Molly Malone is the famous statue here
but here look
that really cool hats Tamala know you've
seen it now they've seen it all you guys
remember when Obama was here this is
where he was this is Bert instead to
make a speech
we're signing in the face
yeah yeah I just said sighs they're
saying the central bank also occupying
Wall Street occupy wall my damage
is up here guys so
you guys want to sleep occupied believe
right now I'll just stroll around
telework I'm him whatever's glasses no
no no okay we just move back we're gonna
go show them dumpling it's mid-afternoon
and we're already not really like that I
keep telling them jealous do you want it
you want to I give you one away we're
gonna bring you up to occupy occupy
protest burn asset he comes don't would
you want to see you want to see mass
protest right I don't know what she got
for a Christchurch guys you have to see
it too it's awesome
look at it we're gonna go in there I
think should we could we can we but it's
almost Halloween oh you are such a
goody-goody how could you leave her back
there there were some ruffians you never
know but if this early in there
emotion across and run yo yeah yeah go
ahead
oh yeah your cameras are out right so
we're heading up to the hop store gonna
get Guinness I should got a locust
guinnesses oh yes I decided to not get
drunk but maybe get drunk I think we
found the entrance II Oh over here
same teams
wait you're having felt a good gate
right yeah
yeah yeah you guys remember when we
belong to you that time we all find all
the horses right here bad wanna see
happy wanna see this place it's like a
train station
that's awesome can you guys are Robina
every baby is awesome so we walk down as
far as the hop store turned out it was
closed eyes how did you feel about that
yes astray wasn't my fault you bastard
so I remember castle instead see he
could be the king of the castle or
something
Gemma 1902 mansion house is another
second city except for the car
Oh Lindsay there's there this city hall
there's the castle we're gonna try and
get into castle but I think it's gonna
work out very well
so we're gonna try Captain America's
because its food and rain and they're
American and I think they might be
captains so let's go to Captain America
I remember being Captain America on
Grafton Street okay not good what is a
Hard Rock Cafe no no now I'm torn
you know Hard Rock Cafe Captain America
I didn't help
Oh guys what do you think we need some
commas you are nuts
what would you go to Hard Rock Cafe or I
forgot new Captain America
pimentos pizza Thank You Shawn the party
in Dublin
the party street basketball this is just
for you
my god guys look there's a Disney Store
the crossroad from Captain America isn't
that side of ironic call this little
America so Captain America was full
America was full we were turned away as
we go back to the Statue of Liberty bad
luck yeah so we're gonna try one of
these
they do call me burgers yeah or maybe
Burger Kitchen we cook the kitchen to do
that so we found a place any immersive G
gourmet burger king that's pretty
awesome though
looks nice I totally I do you're writing
in
burgers you can never go wrong guys
checked edges badass oh yeah
it's a man burger I would say I went all
that a man burger what did you get a
falafel
that was always a falafel we got over
here we got a matter that a man burger
grease and man and man and a tomato
that's vegetable coffee and Cena no we
left him quite some time we would seem
but and it was a good day I did not take
note guys Oh what floor we were on
laughs did any of you guys know I cannot
believe we parked the car there pretty
much all day it was like 25 euros and
that's the most I've ever paid for
parking Oh like it seems like it might
be just up that ramp or something along
those lines
the work is you did come along here
ya know we definitely did commands this
time like maybe it's up this ramp
wonderfully from and we were never ever
heard from again
we were way off I know we've heard you
said of Maserati but that's gone now she
is there's our little baby how are you
doing I don't last all right bring us
home did you miss us
did you miss us and you miss us
did you miss us mm-hmm good boy oh sorry
we're going so long guys right we've all
had a long day you've had a long day
guys I've had a long day man has had a
long day and it's gonna be a long way
tomorrow so I'm just gonna go ahead and
put you guys in here for tonight now
Canadian where are you now listen to me
I don't want to find a mess when I come
down here in the morning okay so
night-night
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
it's totally free there's no obligation
just pick that yellow button if you're
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer game you don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that likes to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the style that I
channel if you want to keep up to date
with Twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Joe
and of course follow at aniseh ponies we
also have a Facebook page where you can
post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
societies it can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos
