oh my goodness
you're look tall because normally I
don't drink coffee in the morning I have
a juice in the morning I just happened
to look at the coffee thing and I was
like I'll just I'll just pull it add it
away and you get home you get a lift
home cuz I think you guys would yell
ofin last night oh really
cool hi so this is my pre-workout okay
so you got a quarter cucumber I don't
know yeah a quark you come a quarter of
celery than an inch of lemon with the
rhyme songs not waxed two apples but
these apples are like really really
small so I put it in a turnout but yeah
this is this is like the pre-workout one
it's pretty awesome it keeps you going
it fills you up let's kneel down over
here that's like that's like creme
fraiche double hips cream and
strawberries I was saying this down last
night you guys made me feel really good
for the last few days because I was
looking a lot of comments and you guys
are saying like I know I look really
good you know you're looking really hard
it was already thin your authority
slamming looking really good and I close
these comments coming in over and over
again you know what I was I almost like
all smirking away to myself reading them
though so thank you so much that really
that's really nice to hear you know
because when you look at yourself every
single day you never really see a change
in yourself you know and I've been doing
there
like walk three we are nearly a month
doing the gym thing and then there two
weeks doing the fruit and that you know
trying to change the diet itself and I
don't really see that much of a
difference in myself every single day I
know what I feel I feel really good you
know but it's just really nice and you
guys kind of you know a permanent eight
confirm what just say thanks compliments
like diet just she's really nice you
know and it's maybe really happy and
it's why I say thank you very much
because that definitely a.m. you know
that really pushes me know I don't you
know and I read all that I'm not really
oh my god really oh yeah
so yeah as I was saying yeah guys
awesome I love you I gotta go never even
go to the gym on a Thursday but
considering we're in duple line cuz we
end up staying the night yesterday which
was not actually the plan but I'm
looking forward to getting back to the
gym Zeo Jim zo g v MZ u and then I'm
taking off we're taking off hitting the
market there's a marketing man point and
we saw his go there and just buy like
the coffee or the cakes or the pizzas
but then they have this massive stall of
like fresh foods and stuff and I was
like well that's probably like way
better because that's like in farmer
Joe's farm I always look forward to the
feeling afterwards you know the feeling
of love completion and insurance and I
was really hyper always like soon with
more energy hello these days like I am
like a hyper hot dog of energy with all
the fruit fruit a let√≠s lesson and it
looks like we fall you know or what
a pre-workout do my hair you guys asking
to see the cool area just having you ing
today solar there it is right that's the
jacuzzi
steam room sauna and then you got the
outdoor hot tub out there they're like
awesome
right I didn't like 25 in the States
running and then about 15 minutes into
so energized I just got a comment there
from you called Becky dazzle you should
go check her blog at Becky live desert
Becky desert calm she was actually at
the body shop event but I think she said
that we were like busy talking to
someone else I shouldn't come over but
I'm she'll come over I think you use
Twitter blog once again because I was
really like flustered yeah do guys if
you ever do see us out somewhere you
know unless we're in the middle of a
huge big domestic fight do come over and
say hi we don't bite
that gone
german shepherd that's the cool person
you get it right the gym that was the
cool spot again if you don't know what
i'm talking that you need to like like a
few weeks five blogs i think but oh my
god so funny and the mind of God like
deities relics they open the window I
look bad I like how we thought we were
gonna be like guys we just came home and
I just opened the door of the house look
at this oh my god oh my god it's because
we start putting it's like oh so you
know what's that are you proud of what
you've done
are you proud of your achievement oh my
god no cuz they took it from here but
how did it begin look they must have
picked it up out here yeah okay what's a
picture to better their broad run in
together I bet they were in it together
Ronnie and scanner I think I was seen I
might have grabbed it and then there
might have been a tussle in forest this
happened oh my god thank God I love them
time for some lunch rocket I make it to
market because we're in the gym too long
the market closes at 3 o'clock and it's
already like 10 3 so we're not going to
make it to the market make it to the
market like it's like a little loose
litter that's what I'm dressing up as
for Halloween right this is what I'm
making for making pepper broccoli celery
cucumber spinach an apple banana avocado
mango oh whoa did he just say he's gonna
put all that inside about dosages okay I
always like for lunch dough to make a
nice meaty one so we've got half an
avocado
for mango one banana a scoop full of
flaxseed and I'm going to make two
apples and a quarter of a pineapple as
the juice we have it yeah we are so big
unsteady yeah we're like girlfriend and
girlfriend he's my boyfriend on the side
I was like us joking it like lights on
my jewels you didn't put any vegetables
him though no not this one next one is a
veggie one Oh almost done rendering out
now Leon my guy didn't so busy at the
moment but we're doing a major
production overhaul in the style line at
the moment things are getting amazing
we're gonna build any studio there's so
much cool awesome stuff it's off with
you guys because I noticed a trend on
YouTube at the moment a lot of channel
is getting better a lot of chance of
getting bigger and better and I'll say
that I was like what can we you know why
do we always have to look over to like
LA and stuff and like Oh what are they
doing it's like oh wow it's like what
can't we do it you know why can't we
have like I have the production skills I
have I have a degree in digital media
Alec are you working the studio's for
years like I know how to do it all it's
like why don't we try to like this
really high-end media why don't we be
better
awesome earn amazing earned that's why I
was like that's like revamp the style
I'd make it like amazing amazing balls
and that's what we're doing at the
moment guys and hope you appreciate all
the hard work that we're putting into
just for your entertainment needs yeah
try make a blog by running everything
better
I make the whole thing amazing your one
stop for all awesomeness that suspect me
hi how's it going so yeah a little busy
the moment I guess this blog was late
only getting uploading it now working on
that and the news and here busy busy
bodies
busy busy body is you got to shoot
another video and then over here do
blogging is uploading I got to meet you
instead one guys I'm even open this
thing yet
I've even opened the HDR PVR I haven't
even opened this thing like oh yeah all
the hunting together but you know what
gameplays for fun guys gameplays for fun
we must work before we have fun oh my
god no what's the front what the hell is
this do is only like eight minutes stuff
on the upload at Alma's house all
Martha's mmm
Oh cats are here and you guys an ardent
vote for the presidential race today and
you guys scribble out people's names and
put like my name there and you guys vote
for me I make an amazing president Sean
Gallagher Michael D Higgins both of us
we're gonna go after dyndns to do our
voting and told you classic
it's a primary source in Italian in the
translation and you guys read this I
read it a couple of times it's alright
I'm gonna give you guys some spoilers no
holy crap of seven billion well there's
not all there's almost 7 billion people
Nina in the world isn't that insane so
imagine mean the 7 billion person born
oh my god are you pregnant right now you
could have the 7 billion child in the
world would not be awesome
what are you doing to populate the world
huh are they counted Robbie and zina
counts seven billion you should call a
pumpkin that's it's gonna be a boy oh I
think it just knows he tells too many
lies Pinocchio Pinocchio bumpkin look I
need a water broke oh my god huge I know
he's orange this is something you want
to tell me because I didn't compromise I
did about my ask for Jarvan did you have
an affair with a pumpkin is that the
father you come here doing come out
later I dumped in tomorrow
when you're staying there till Sunday
night Oh crazy what is that it's like a
crazy high five give me crazy high five
and I think boom oh yeah boom oh yeah
punch smoke I missed what the hell is
this
where do these come from I just
remembered something I wanted to draw to
your attention somebody just tweeted
millionaire like isn't it funny how you
always know where we're hiding before we
know where we're hiding and then you
finally got what are you talking about
guys I I don't know I guess um I just
came in to my house sometime this
morning I see what I'm like where are
you guys and then boom I find you
I assume you hide yourself at night
right cuz well I don't thank you and you
know oh my god this is totally from
paranormal activity 3 oh we found we
found loads of a wedding pictures that
we hadn't actually had before you
remember that day oh we didn't find them
someone else they were sent by Anna's
aunt but a lot like where is it so it
was at five to five on the 1st of
September 2011 but it's the 1st of
September I know at the time is wrong by
the time Israel but there we are
Oh Oh
Ana's Mema brofist it's my brother in
there beside me that's me there me and
brofist he's good as he's shooting me
looks like you shoot him in his hands oh
yeah oh yeah that is some tasty stew
berry no I don't know what's do birds
are okay I don't but that is tasty and
it's like a stew pre that's what that
tastes like ass to Brie okay I know what
a stew boring is something you really
like what doesn't see now you better
focus get into focus
thank you we gotta go guys for the
presidential people outside Ireland just
so you understand because you probably
don't because I saw em I saw an article
in Time magazine where they were talking
about Ireland Ireland
mr. presidential like Ireland president
election will it fixes that you know you
crisis and stuff Ireland's like a defect
but no it won't because the Irish
president is actually like a figurehead
and ambassador it's not like the
president like client like the Queen
England but not even that much
power like you know it's like when we
get right it's not at Nicolas Sarkozy or
Obama or whoever else as presidents
yeah like their presidents as the
Scimitar power to are like Prime
Minister tea shop is the Irish Prime
Minister we call them tea shops like the
prime minister or the Chancellor Merkel
or you know people like that like that's
the same power our president is not our
president can March the Armed Forces in
and take back the city kind of liking
gladiator remember and Decimus Marcus
Aurelius commanders of the armies of the
North party to a murder son husband to a
murdered wife and I will have my revenge
to miranium is these deities like don't
you turn your back at me gladiator he's
like he takes a hat I was like who are
you my name is mopping this dismiss
umbrellas Maximus Decimus erroneous
commander said the arm is in the North
General of the Felix Allegiance fathers
who are hundred husband I know you
really like tingling tingling
oh my god giant is cutting me that's
okay it's chocolate coffee cake right it
doesn't feel like it's gonna be a
Halloween it's weird this time even
though we've had our decorations up for
about a century
that is ridiculous John can put that
back slice it back ridiculous no no this
is your slice oh no it's just taught me
a proper slight that's even a little bit
small what no not to stop your ruining I
just have two of them together it's
makes a big slice right the vaulting
blaze lads I don't think we can get in
here now Henry he was nice
nice man thanks a lot nice man well I
have a a video recording device in my
hand you can't have a video recording
device it's not on the donkey over now
now where is where is a Presidente
Presidente hi hi I'm here for the voting
should I just hop her no-o-o-o-o-o
spotties Spotty's galore
what what is he nuts thanks very much
hold on loaded did you do it correctly
did you spell my name correctly we go
today what my bag though hey we should
get the bags it's like the worst thing
ever would even have to go buy another
pack juice and obviously feel free about
all these things go Joe berries dried
fruit is like a smallest orchard in the
world I'm gonna bite him and then idea
but they're from a healthy farm so
they're probably good feel yeah
I'm just gonna go ahead and take that
information for myself overlay - hey
guys Tesco is really bad for the fruit
Super Value is much better for the fruit
like look at the signs like those apples
are good the free-range ones but like
get some clothes that fit you for God's
sake we could both fit in lash and now
he can see hopefully I don't know if you
guys can see that cuz the contrast but a
ridiculous like I did like reduce old
said it's not so much that is small yeah
okay I don't show you guys two months
yes it turns out to be quite a
complicated situation of cable Asians
okay I think I'm like cabling the world
or something right now oh my god so I
think I have everything in here um okay
I hope I do I don't know why I put my a
microphone thing that I put it in here
maybe I'm only sharing my check out no
YouTube video but um let's go plug this
into the plastic ssin and see if it
actually works and remember our tweet
and see goes online and then we'll shoot
some things now record and see if this
actually works nice check this out right
PlayStation are you there is your name
is your name one of the many it's not so
awesome hey whoa whoa Liam's Williams
Williams nice and HD signal from the
plastic tree nice now all I need is to
test it out and see if it works let's
add let's put out a little tweet picture
and see if anybody on the ps3 would like
to come and play with your files thanks
a lot if you came along and you helped
me helps me along we must now that I
know how it works and I had to record it
and so I must set one up for the next
couple of day one next few days of that
we're going to hook something up guys so
sleep tight and I will see you guys
tomorrow all the credits hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because
ah and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
hey if you're the kind of person that
likes who likes a bit of computer game
he's also get to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that likes to
be stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's install that channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out at Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
Ciccone we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where is it's
a community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos now see you
