hello guys Skinner's well it is Oh super
early o clock in a mine oh my god you
guys have a dish of you to the wedding
time remember we woke up at like super
early o clock and we were like in here
getting ready you guys remember that
how was the worst day I wasn't even here
oh yeah you're in this house with Monty
came with Monty so I'm checking out
we're going to see the body shop again
today oh I can't believe I got presents
guys this would be the best day of my
life
where is this this is omnes one which is
filled with goodness but my ones in here
I never get presents yes best day of my
life so you're gonna get ready and I'm
gonna try and find a juice bar that is
open this anymore because I have grown
accustomed to a certain amount of juice
in the morning time oh my god it was
like the middle of the night in the
middle of the nerve Ike walking in my
street here anyway yeah my mom works in
there
she's a phlebotomist and you guys know
phlebotomy is part of the hematology
department but she starts work at like
5:00 a.m. in the morning to do the
rounds and stuff oh my god chokes in a
Pediatrics Ward so it's not like the
kids and stuff just to go around but I
mean yeah so she gets up at this time
she's probably like I have another lunch
right now all goodness guys check this
out right the entire car park is pretty
much empty because like it is like super
annual o'clock but I look at that I
parked directly look at that straight
line at the gate so we leave like they
just like start the car and just drive
straight at the exit idea genius I'm a
genie osios
let's go see if I can find juice or I'm
gonna have to have the liquid the liquid
wake me up the juice I haven't had
coffee and so what if I have a if
you don't have a coffee in like two and
a half weeks or so and then you have a
coffee does it make you go crazy
listen that's awesome look this exit'
there's nobody here
take note Liam guys it's like a our car
park I park my power court the court of
power let's open this time in the
morning I wonder is this door open
he's very toasty oh my god just like
yesterday look and it'll open it'll be a
brand Thomas sign
oh it's just like yes he was there
yesterday too
oh my god the chef for something what
aren't you pop lady to to cement the
ayah Christmas Lent syrup
this is Dublin city centre by the way we
never meet here is what that looks like
at about half Saturday morning
Wow
Oh Fright Night is that cool looking but
it's done up I suppose like I think like
em Halloween is like the Christmas for
makeup artists you know it's like the
best time for like similar tutorials
online of crazy right yo I couldn't do
any that stuff I used to put like I
don't know like a white sheet over my
head and be like I'm a ghost I'm Casper
and a perfect breakfast situation here
and
oh great that's a future crotch Oh cuz I
didn't want herself I got to stay for
your like a proper business person
walking in the road early in the morning
but a copy in my hand putting it the
small routines that you do in the
morning I get you at a bed like I used
to the court every morning going to my
like local place getting my morning
coffee and then getting even a horrible
day of work but like it was not in the
morning interaction of daddy my coffee
was like the most exciting part of the
day why is there a traffic jam of
refugees what yeah same place where
yesterday
I think we'll be all right it can see
it's just up there okay we got a whole
truck for ourselves new guys we're just
about to do this video we're just
finished Hannah makeup like it also
sparkly like y'all feel my normal yeah
so smart delicious you got free water
again like a mystery water here such an
easy job never look good getting into
trouble with your husband yeah hey now
look what I got for breakfast guys
pancakes and fruit would you get like I
got watch that I was waiting for this
for several months now I am trying to
create or check myself but I've ended up
letting excellent each time I'm doing it
so Suzanne would show me she got project
we animate the hot sausages as well did
you get sausage assumes no I am brown
red
someone's gonna have to go into detox
we're going now and say goodbye you
seeing us
oh it was really nice innit that
breakfast is awesome totally work yet no
Verity for pancakes and fresh fruit so
gentlemen should all exact with this
question the corn and the highest level
of elegance
ladies first yep we're the one with the
most awesomest and a parking space
in case anyone was wondering my floors
awesome as parking space if you could
get away we've got the most awesome
another first for the vlog duties we've
never belongs in Blanche's down guys all
right and you guys live in Blanchard's
town the town of Hara Blanche and you
guys ranked Blanche
they've live in Blanche's town is it
like your own town it's like hey Blanche
from Blanchard's down
I don't even call it a Blanche anymore
we're bridge you saved my cattle from
the head of the wolves
well thank you ma'am oh no wait
wouldn't Blanche be - ma'am think of the
never anyway we're gonna Blanchard's
down blenders down buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh for town okay I didn't know
Blanche nemesis big the branch line
center is ginormous okay ginormous I
don't even know where I am I don't know
we're here mother fuss I don't know
where I am all of us
okay okay okay okay can I go to the left
here possible left how do you feel about
letting me go laughter I appreciate and
I applaud your patience and
understanding in this particular time of
need you dummy
maybe he likes my head holy chop holy
moly : Foley this place is ginormous
round and round and round we go welcome
mother captured stare you sneaky little
sneaky devil you never told me at a wall
go mama on top of a Captain America I've
never eaten in Captain America
restaurant yeah have you guys ever eaten
in a Captain America restaurant it
doesn't have a sign for matlin though
look well we can just I'm just gonna
hope that there it is see if you can see
it oh my god is smell oh I'll go mom
this is so good isn't it it's over there
I don't know which one it is nice
let's anyone is I think anyone is that
sounds kind of annoying
I don't know do you guys like that sound
should I incorporate the sound more in
the Box okay here we go
we were told we're told by a man man
with a plan for the police station
come off it didn't want to come with me
yes here we use with the PlayStation 3
dolly dolly Carly
darling I was thinking hitting remote
control I like this one like is it's a
good size but anything like is that like
the wrong size should like step up and
get something a little bit bigger you
know what I was thinking
what if that's not enough maybe I should
get something a little bit bigger again
like where would you need that
Xavier if you're just kind of like mall
thing for Giants use only hi there hi
there fate controller of the universe we
may have had our disagreements from time
to time but why are you stopping me from
getting way lucky cable the entire parks
card reading system thing is down so I
cannot use the card nearest ATM machine
is over in that shopping center over
there oh my god this is crazy it's like
fate to saying yo lady said no if I had
it in my hand I touched it Nina tell
them
by leaving them too
now I am hoping we're not gonna have any
more problems here guys I'm hoping that
I'm going to be able to walk across here
and everything worked out perfectly fine
for me okay please babies so I couldn't
find the ATM machine but I did get the
game and actually find a component
cables here in the bunch on center so so
thank you master of the universe for
hooking that up no I don't know what's
better or worse how it worked out but
this is like a component cable for the
Xbox the Wii ps3 ps2 which is not me
because I have a weave on a ps2 Xbox
door I never ever do want to record
stuff it'll be kind of cool so I don't
know if this is better or worse
watch out you get run over
but no one rocking what will go
viral antenna so em here's the family
family mm-hmm right let's get on the
road home yeah sandwich you getting a
sandwich no no it's gonna get home just
gonna get like one of these
well I didn't have a cross on whether
pancakes pancakes you touch fruit which
is different you know that's what fresh
fruit position so sushi sushi and a
petrol station
that oshio sushi
oh no fishy
they're all the same oh this is got
salmon this
do you guys like sushi the tasty is it
your favorite thing anyone care what my
it's a spider
it's Halloween or no it's not a real one
life on the road is tough guys I've had
three coffees today it's my turn coffee
look I found my favorite sesame sticks
oh um 29:56 is that you always get them
in little bags I hate the way they come
in little bikes
it's tropical food you guys like yeah
you guys like sesame sticks I love this
music I can eat them all day long so
good so tasty and they're cheap why's
that good for you never lie
what'd you get a wrap that's a wrap
that's a wrap folks I don't really like
to eat that much in there under on the
road like you know I just wanna go home
be oh oh my god guys there's a cow in
front of the car
I think I'm delusional with my lack of
sleep and my filling nosov coffee
caffeine European who is has my friend
today
mmm-hmm guys pinkies hubby hubby don't
want jinkies
Rodriguez go
boy how does that kid still
these detectives
favorite people
Haseena yeah but a big truck now
during a tea party
it's gonna be two and a half hours till
the next peepee time so make sure to
fully enter a laughi fully Keyblade the
bladder thank you guys okay expect you
pee pees now okay pause the video go for
a pee pees and then come back too much
wrestler okay Oh finally
homie oh now we should have a welcoming
party somewhere around here where's our
welcome party oh oh crap yeah turn into
a dog alright oh my god the first thing
I want to do is I missed you I missed
you so much I miss you so much juicy
would you see maker juicy where's all my
fruits but it's not my fruits I miss my
juices I miss my juicy so much the place
smells like beautiful we walked in the
door just like overwhelming smell of
like beautiful juice guys it's almost
Halloween hallo
I mean a couple of days you guys excited
you excited not sure what we're gonna do
for the Halloween because um we're gonna
be in Dublin on the thirty we're gonna
be double under 28 29 and 30 which is in
two days Friday Saturday Sunday so
that's a couple of days we're gonna be
there and then Monday is Halloween as
far as alright 31st 30s interpret for me
and November all of us are you money
except for February I'm gonna be honest
when you hate so yeah so I'm not really
sure what we're gonna do for their
Halloween Halloween look we kept the
papaya open is it disgusting oh crap are
you supposed to eat the little things in
the middle it look like caviar nice and
juice or maybe it's just not well I've
never seen a recipe did use this stuff
you
you just said together he looks like
little looks like black peppers or
tadpoles tadpoles bond or poop
do you guys ever have papaya is it nice
add an old familiar sound of happiness
anyone daddy what you want we've got in
here we got some probiotic live yogurt
nature's life good beer good probiotic
and some bananas we're gonna pop this
near someone ask me what this device was
this is basically don't like obviously
I'm not gonna I don't have a smoothie
maker or something that so this is
essentially a smoothie maker what a
little like there any difference between
a smoothie maker and a blender
essentially is it has a spout and a and
a poor thing you know that's about it so
there's no need to go and buy yourself a
fancy smoothie maker because well
there's no need because you just need to
sign a blender that's what we have here
because this is like electronic whisk
kind of thingy and then it just plugs in
here and it just makes that so yeah
that's how that works
okie dokie let's add let's put India the
spices in all things noises there's a
spoonful of flexi makes the nickel go
round extra miracle around make America
around makes the medicine go down
yeah flaxseed everyday guys you'll never
need medicine because you'll never be
sick you might get sick and tired of
eating it
you'll never get sick all is right with
the world
it's a good so we fell asleep for a
couple of hours and now we are awake
again
it's happening I keep going to sleep
awake you know it's a really weird
process you know what else we're doing
we're going back to our favorite Thai
restaurant in the world ever because
this is where we live now because we now
realize that this is the best food in
the world
you are you hugging me you love the
elephant I was left to an elephant and
that's ten minutes guys and it is ready
I'm super excited are you super excited
I think guys down I think you guys
should spend the night with the orphans
I definitely think they should spend the
night with the elephants you guys want
to go into the elephants mad for tonight
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
take that yellow button hey you be
really kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like to be
scottish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the style that channel
if you want to keep up to date with
twitter don't forget to check me out I
act Jonathan Jolie and of course follow
at Anna Saucony we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that worries
it's a community page you can also go to
our friend pages but until our friend
pages fill up because of course Facebook
society's X energy PR limited number of
friends thanks again for watching videos
not see you guys tomorrow
