last night machine grazie got Salvi
handy
oh boy so we're heading to Dublin today
guys whoa if it's still there apparently
those rumors had washed away in the
floods well it apparent his other rumors
of floods and procedures and everything
should be okay
hopefully it's okay cuz we're go to the
body shop event goodbye Chuck you went
to buy the shop does it make your body
shop it's a shop for your body in case
you didn't know if you have a body you
should go to that job seriously huh it's
a house you're saying you know it was
all the flooding in Dublin and stuff
look it's like all the water left here
and went to Dublin because our lake is
completely bone dry that's where it is
om don't want people you can just send
back our water because our lake is like
no Liam right now it's not so funny like
one side of the countries having
dramatic floods and stuff and we're
having a drought we're heading into the
flood lands guys bring them for a quick
walkies before drive to Grandma's then
hate us yeah
I'm skiing crazy and stuff I don't want
them we don't want that we say no tanks
and craziness hello
that was so cute like the dog just like
he gets way down like loves always zero
when they see this in common and far
distance they always like that way then
it's so - it's like can loudly oh my god
you see that
oh are you guys okay so you can jump
down and hunting Ava's got a job that I
know right okay miss Clara
seriously where is it
what the hell
there where is it camouflaged is the
camera flash that was what more daddy so
it's important to give the house a good
old clean and before you go away
somewhere so when you come home it's
nice and clean and you always deal Oh
lovely cuz if he come home and you think
like okay am i got home or they only get
home you feel so like oh I hate my house
but this way it's like oh it's so nice
and clean
that's the trick guys that's today's
lesson right just making it underway
smoothie so we can have something to
tide us over before we get here but
today I put mango this is the mango skin
which is crazy into the smoothie with
banana and I was going to use the M the
avocado but it's not very ripe as you
can see like so we decided I'm gonna
close it back up you know put it back in
the fridge and hopefully ripen so it's
pineapple banana so put the banana and a
mine going the thingy and then juice the
rest and then add so a big spoonful of
flaxseed and and I just had hers instead
it was too TC so far so I'm looking
pretty good so we are halfway between
quark and Dublin we are cruising at a
very low altitude we're about
the meter off the ground and it has a
head copilot all the passengers
oh my god I got a piece not badly but I
just cannot pee on the side of the road
I just wanted those people commute p.m.
side road oh my god I feel better I feel
like a new man I feel like I'm lighter
lighter and faster faster and brighter
and lighter oh my goodness like I
actually needed a piece somewhere near
cash flow and we're like in Kildare
that's how long I held that pee for guys
that's the problem with being healthy
and drinking loads water and stuff it
just makes you pee all the time I'm
speaking of peeing come on
get your act together we don't want to
be late oh really
I can't be under forbidden Road the
services so much the petrol is today
guys 149 boom that's expensive actually
that's come down a bit
hasn't it what's not 150 recently Oh
more peace love it come on let's go
let's go we got to get to the body shop
because I don't want to be late I want
to be late you might be sold out of
bodies and we made it here so cute okay
I'll be let's take your harness off you
guys gonna took after the house okay
we've walked for a little body shop
event okay guys inside inside
in in in inside one in in in in in good
boy close this up and let's lock this up
and let's get right o treats nice Joe we
haven't in the wild guys we haven't done
driving in the dark
doing Halloween you guys wanna go for a
drive into Dublin city centre at the
night time okay because you think
we made it in time five minutes to spare
now we have to take it out we're on the
Grafton Street The Body Shop is I hope
it's like in a simple of Grafton Street
sorry sorry yeah maybe if you wish if
you so wish TV right you guys know where
this in the comments tell me maybe too
late I think we found it hmm like the
little thing in it it's okay
you guys remember last time in the vlog
look he's back you're following has
returned clear look at the gingerbread
house it have you guys got a free makeup
I didn't get free makeup my turn yeah
so there's a brush inside I don't talk
about the wedding music stuff I think I
used to stuff in natural but the music
you're playing is for young Christmasy
it's can gallop churchy Christmas and
it's still going ah it's been half my
life away you can make up right there be
an expert at this stage don't take my
job so we're all done with the makeover
thing in that one else is here
I just been told that I might get some
product official from the body shop
mine is a Ponzi really manly stuff you
know no girly stuff now
music announcer Christmas Eve
you get a chance I go back in school
that's pure shares lunes lunes there I
really want a change right I see when I
sever their mind it up I don't know this
hair looks better
if you have an item since we had to
share before we left and I was lucky
okay I get wild and spring onto the
brush moving great top tip okay so the
makeup art is over
Oh sounds like the most exciting day of
my life
did you have the most exciting time
probably more relevant for Nina I was
looking forward to this for this year
that's what I was looking forward to we
want God in our mini
so I actually asked for chocolate
suppose I have to sit you like 40
minutes of new makeup self which I'm
sure it was not totally awesome for
everybody else here is it awesome but
it's not so awesome sort of a so it just
went really good can i nibble on your
hand please keep some of this stuff it
smells so good they're gonna free am so
can't you make juice henna juicy get out
of that oh my god on me deliver on me I
can glitter fight and I'm a glam fairy
oh my daughter because I'm done
what's that gonna do what's this do oh
my and sparkly no wait it's all of my
other hand - alright doesn't look at all
my guy knows all of my arm oh my god I
see your judging eyes turn those judging
eyes away people change encouraging the
wrong sort of attention sanity
who left paper put your hand up
there's no haters welcome no haters we
like challenging feedback though a
challenge not all about goofy but
you like nice work
exactly exactly we like tolerance and we
like Alvin no I got it to market but I
just want well I won't say one but
although I did agree to come here
tomorrow morning a - oh I think I like
loads of awesome stuff I left you a hall
that was awesome guys
I got a goodie bag I never get from a
news event so many different products
I'm kind of sparkly right I'll be in
seen are gonna be so
now she's probably a bad dog at this
stage like this is just like em we never
actually walk the streets of Germany
late at night or being serenaded guys be
ready for a good night sleep good night
song right we need some frickin num-nums
guys I'm not messing around here okay no
I'm no Joker I'm no midnight smoker Oh
Britney Spears do you guys got a Britney
Spears last night seagrass where the
grass heal and you guys live in rap
minds would you like to go for a drive
in that mine oh my god that would you
like perilous amazing
I notice breaks every week every card in
the room everything we stand for but
we've no to sir there's nothing else
open I have to go in here ideas option
try out something too
along the dish fish and chips is the
best of the best I could do in a bad
situation what a tasty situation okay
double duty tomorrow hey guys and thanks
for watching another episode of the
ciccone Jolene and don't forget to like
the video and favorite the video because
there will be aa and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation just kick
that yellow button it if you're the kind
of person that likes to uh likes a bit
of computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's the
stolid channel if you want to keep up to
date with twitter don't forget to check
me out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at Anna saucony we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where there's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages well
until our friend page is still up
because of course Facebook society that
can be very limited number of friends
thanks again for watching videos and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
