one guys Oh primarily och to the gym
today or today this week is going to be
hectic there's so much going on we're
going through a body shop event on
tuesday in dublin and then we've got the
DeFranco thing which is on sunday that's
2mm trips this week holy crap we're
thinking of like going up on Tuesday and
actually staying there till Sunday so
there might be something some sort of
arrangement like that made because like
driving to Corky Dublin all the time
he's like it's like you're taxing on
oneself but uh pretty free gym maybe
workout yeah stories this week I decided
I'm crunches so
pretty excited about that each time you
I might push up to 30 minutes now
let's push it up in about half conscious
we're going to make the vegan protein
power smoothie mm-hmm avocado apples
bananas with spots or they're ripe okay
and pineapple del monte pineapple the
basis on hmm eat the pineapple so yeah
the avocado my system here is washing
the smoothie blender Thank You assistant
pastry why should I think Joe sent me
yeah probs probs moms okay and we've
left the fridge open as you can see cuz
that's what we do or fridge openers and
yeah let's get down to making this
beautiful thing dispute the whole thing
I'm going to eat all of these a
beautiful thing man on the jennette
canned pineapple do we have it vegan
protein power here you go yep it's
really good yeah it's really like hey
yeah what's avocado banana that is like
big fiber Lumpy's in it mmm nice pretty
good huh hey Tina hey he'll be back
there ok so I maybe I should just uh
make that one as well as a little
tutorial eyes one really well I do that
okay Koki cuz you begged me oh gee golly
guys it's cold see that and see you know
it's cold it's getting cold on the
corner
day and we still have no eating three
weeks since airtricity said last line
trimmer we're tweeting them and self and
air like oh definitely will go above and
beyond to get this done for you sir and
Madam three weeks ago and still no
heating no hot water no gas to cook our
food with this is redonkulous guys so I
think I just give up I never getting
heating from them and probably move yeah
so stupid he was like we children above
and beyond and he was hungry all these
stories about these people that were
like said she did very best to get to
the bottom of this but then it ended up
that they had made a mistake with an
over and like they did it twice so we
had to resubmit and I was like what I
don't want to wait another two weeks
that's what this is but it's wintertime
no he was like it'll it'll take less
than two weeks okay okay and then hey
maybe less than two weeks is three weeks
yeah and recruit gonna be three weeks
like I mean where's on well so it'll be
post three weeks worth the moment we're
on the pre three week mark that's after
two months after two months of waiting
uh-oh something wrong yeah I should I
taking it do you want it ah you know is
trying to grab with huge big Barger's on
them get this lazy poop on it just comes
out here and he just lies down I'm gonna
protest what's going on
that's the truth Angie yes I'm cheats
hey Obie pretty shitty what are you
doing huh you can't lie there come on in
come on it's going fine anything in in
in in in in in in come on slowpoke the
rain delay tactics come on wow what this
is a new plant now I mean task in a
while of them is he he's up ah I took a
turn and no running over for you sir and
you ma'am so TK getting some Kiwis
thinking of trying to smooth Kiwi Oh
cucumber it's a cucumber too let's get
soon it's
goodness under gonna there's always
loads of stuff like this stuff lehren
grass hmm we see it in some recipes am
always like what is that like gets an ax
parsley chestnuts
is the ginger chilli chilli Charlo
fussell rd ow wheatgrass where can you
get p class this painting that's really
good but it's like trying to find
something about a part of them in the
wrong place if some comments we know
where it is there we go no yellow
peppers and cucumber cucumber cucumbers
irish que comer organic boom boom chicka
boom bananas bananas mangoes every
minute with a mind oh nice i love any
fruit for 300 i think you for doing a
bag oh okay we're gonna make those faces
with riverview okay 11 mango check in
synastry 43 Kiwis I wanted to try GV
that
maybe they're better their package donde
no pressure this is just like wife
already know is it I get you ripe and
ready figs a luis i shampooed I
feel passionate for the passion fruit
let's try passion fruit 18
oh okay yeah I am what's four player
it's like one of those tropical fruit
you try it if you want to yeah yeah i'm
off to try new things because sometimes
to see all the stuff in the book i'm
like choice quite apparent something
like one is a client
we got here as in
you guys have for you is this a flax
eating gojo very supposed to be like
super awesomely good for you it
separates like seven euros it's like
crazy but am i lucky you just added into
smoothies and salads and stuff like that
it's got like loads of stuff in it so I
think you might try that just like super
expensive boom you know we bought
something in Hedon Saturday and the
alarm tide me over on it we haven't
brought it back yet thinking of it I
know
what's this / thick actually using that
Charlie and I keep going around and
getting the 50 years oh just stuff
Viking wrong oh my god if you although
we spend the time actually gonna rent
you look what was in that though no it's
probably all like you know like the
stuff that no one ever buys you know the
TV cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap
cheap cheap cheap person hey can't read
that popcorn all right watch yourself
where are you going mm-hmm and I always
gets lost in car parks look who has to
be here in a while hayley-marie hey
Marley huh you guys gonna play outside
Oh tomorrow stain haven't seen tomorrow
staining quite a while no put the
shopping away so proud of myself getting
all the stuff I've never inherit of like
this one here it's like what all these
passion fruit and that's the passion
fruit the mango stuff well yeah no we
decided to get this one in the end just
the flaxseed on its own would add all
the other stuff finish but yeah it's
supposed to be super good for you but um
it's like eight euros eight euros for
dis little pack whoa it's super
expensive good sort of iron and make it
three or d a zinc calcium dairy fiber I
don't know just as basically add to heap
dessert spoonfuls daily to any meal or
snack trying to cereal polish fruit
yogurt salads or smoothies so basically
i'll just put a spoonful in my smoothie
every day and ya see what does what's
really good be nice somebody said in the
comments by the way so whoever said that
in the comments you know your bets get
your getting the high five put up your
hand oh yeah livin lovin like it oh my
god guys where all are buying of all the
healthy stuff all the times you know we
totally forgot we forgot that she buy
dinner
going to buy any dinner line so I have
all the vegetables from yesterday so I
might make a vegetable roast this time
without the chicken because I don't have
any more chicken but just make a big
vegetable roast might be nice for some
shirts like you know we make like loads
of it then am it's cuz it's quite tasty
quite tasty indeed okay forget that plan
to we're going to go to the restaurant
the restaurant near us is a tie yeah hi
TyTy Foods good though typhoons good
it's fresh it's nice isn't it you get a
health rush into kinky yeah so Beckett
fact you vegetables percona thai place
now what are you doing you know why is
the pilots of eyelashes on our table get
these ones here just lashes sold-out
show rock star chic bold oh my God look
at the size bold and beautiful what is
inside looking for other than crazy
you've numbers oh CLE the numbers are
the numbers open them knows but the
numbers okie dokie
okie dokie you guys okay in there okay
won't be long all right let's go to
Titanic or am just a nick as it's also
referred to what people won't run us
over Nina you can't run over youtubers
that will be just be ridiculous who
don't grab the video then oh you guys
ever been to a Titanic if you actually
oh my
Oh tap yourself I think it is part of an
apartment I say something this is funny
DJ this is 20 soon there
look
so when yours get from that I same
thing boom all right you're 15 til place
is actually surprisingly really really
nice I totally didn't expect that we
read themselves like huh nice why one
next door yeah yeah definitely plus no
offense Chinese people at high people
for life in fact I food well that's this
Chinese good I think island yeah I think
Western Chinese food is different to
what people actually eat in trialing
like a Chinese prison one day cook
opportunity to do
yeah exactly exactly yeah eventually a
lot of fishing stuff yeah not so much
like adding a deep fried chicken balls
or something like that I think that's
just for us that's us I don't think
that's what they actually eat no he's
not run me over with the Popo huh me
yeah Tina's oxys Gina shocks my little
bumble bee sting like a bumblebee or
walk like it whatever whatever that same
as quoted you and Lady Bird he's a lazy
bird pretty bird lazy bird bridge the
lazy bird idiot he's a lazy bird Wow did
you know that lady it's ladybug in
America that's a ladybird yeah weird
it's time to get the num-nums de nummy
nummy
run across the road in don't get run
over by a big white van run across the
road and don't get run over by a big
white fan did you get it run over by the
way my fan did you get run over by the
wicker man did you get run over by the
hugo van because i didn't get it over by
the pike plan let's look at the party
isn't that girl ghosties and stuff yeah
it's really nice to hear isn't it yeah
nice restaurant yeah they're kind of
cool aren't they this girl kind of
scares me look at her face for
determination of hatred let's get the
num-nums back to that house see a little
bit of window shopping hit a window
shopping
who's the boy is she working it we're
gonna Lizzy
we're breaking it
hmm excitement Oh got the num nums
excuse me no get the freaking nom nom
nom oh yes entire I'll get this big dog
incoming see the donkey Mississippi
cocky camera you seen every dokie human
you guys are so funny we're gonna try to
get back where is he where is he where
is he going so let's see what the
verdict is and yes I have no pants on
okay guys I no pants on don't judge me
what if we got hey yours looks really
good no mmm okay I got a green curry oh
that looks fresh mmm fresh veggies and
everything in there it's on fried rice
eccles mmm tasty tasty taste he ok we
are gonna go and we are going to watch
dexter morgan stab somebody we are also
probably going to watch the walking dead
shooting of zombies so I'm we're
probably gonna eat our food so am hope
you guys have a good rest of your day
I'm just gonna go ahead and put you guys
back in the fridge and um you should be
already different night and then I
taught you guys tomorrow you can watch
the credits if you want ok bye hey guys
and thanks for watching another episode
of the saucony Jolie's and don't forget
to like the video and favorite the video
because there would be awesome
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my Winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like you
Scottish at all times don't forget to
check out Anna's the style channel if
you want to keep up to date with Twitter
don't forget to check me out on act
Jonathan Jolie and of course follow at
Anna saucony we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where is
it's a community page can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course a sponsor
cider there can only be a limited number
of friends thanks again watch your
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
