hello you guys you go huh you know
without this just like anything dark it
is in the house eyes peering out the
neighborhood it's rainy and cold and
dark and wet right let's get my freakin
Jews huh Joseph Joseph Judah and I kill
the parsley plant by the way she killed
every plant she's a plant killer
alright see this is what we're going to
use here let's all right so step 1 wash
the fruit
 finish
my
now a little trick that I do now I did
something I've learned pop the water in
turn on and then the final most delicate
most important stage is delivering it to
a loved one
it's our loved one in here it's our
loved one in here you go loved one some
tasty juicy say this is surprised I just
made it up myself do you think that's
nice thank you very much enjoy your
dudes see ya Joe oh you're so pretty so
we are going to get some costumes
Halloween costumes hello Paula Halle let
me see your face boys and girls what's
the kind of fun over the top with you
hey look at that that's going to my
point just like the big shopping center
here
oh you stuck it out of Sunday hold and
turn okay so anyway we're going to stop
yeah in America so curves anomalies on
self walking in here I'm like drenched
like took like five steps like a
drenched like in five steps that one big
for you though we should go in and M
running free we need to have ya know
prepares dogs for you come huh
and I'll be with you like some beer it's
a seamless birthday very soon today
before Anna's birthday which is like
three weeks away or two weeks away or
even a week away one pretty close
Roberta
that's your Hobart he's so cool are they
it's so cute barking now see I think she
really wants it see Robbie wanted for
the new guarantee what they do
okay she wants one yeah I'll be I'll get
to you anyway then wardrobe wardrobe
procedure one to look at the bunk beds
wedding dress you get to Bombay 100 it
so smugly and paga German last summer is
here guys the trouble I had forgetting
the camera we were put in my place and
stuff
that's why I'd never come back well I'm
coming back because nowhere has a
component table these guys sell
Playstations and cables and so on and so
forth so maybe maybe they have one so
just someone up this is what I want here
but for the PlayStation yeah yeah so
annoying have it for the PC you see
online
do we ask someone no I cannot believe
they have it for the Xbox and they don't
have the PlayStation she just playing
xbox
but when Smith's games store they don't
see if they actually have it here
my eye lift it's like a warehouse a toys
so that was a No
oh my god it's ringing even heavier now
so I guess I know I checked out in
Dublin we're going up to jovem tomorrow
on our Tuesday were in Dublin and Sunday
were in Dublin so Tuesday
I know and map enjoy the street I will
check online if they have one there so I
guess I'm gonna have to wait then holy
crap guys there is a storm coming up on
and say the windows is it's insane it's
like what the heck oh my god cars been
blown all over the place like hatches
guys just stall them coming okay guys
we're gonna try something crazy today
right before all this kind of stuff
because we're doing we're gonna do but
you know what we're gonna do we're gonna
make a roast I'm going to try and make a
dinner myself I'm gonna get a chicken
I'm gonna cook a chicken and I cook all
the vegetables and stuff this is going
to be exciting my father did this stuff
guys
what determines that's like what we had
last night
look we're making today guys Hale hearty
it's this one here
chocolate brownie mix but it's vegan or
vegetarian which one is it it's vegan
yom-yom sorry gonna do guys because I
actually I'm ready to use a razor but I
kind of shave close and then look
through saying I would be the person
here to shake so I was like what you
fire you shaver what's a good one though
like Gillette mach3 ever having this one
years ago yeah yeah yeah all the other
stuff really fancy oh what's this one
that's fusion fusion ProLogic
that looks good I suppose I have no idea
oh you're such cute little bugs I think
hers is too small though so I was really
disappointed with that place again hey
no don't rip off his feelers there
elby's um mother cute they are look
she's trying to rip it off him she's
such a bully oh my god Xena stop no but
look see hers is way too small I think
look at them no a little baby braid a
little bee it's so like fitting for
their personality so maybe very kind of
like slower and then that it'll be is
like crazy but anyways I was really
disappointed again guys I hate like
complaining on the floor anything but
the guy was kind of rude he didn't even
bag my stuff I was like you bleeped
everything and then he was like okay
thanks oh no and he was so like
unhelpful he didn't even say like greet
me or anything when I jumped the counter
but seriously he was like he's like okay
thanks bye and I was like oh can I have
a bag please I'm not a rude person you
know I hate like being rude to people
even if they're rude to me and I
probably should be rude back but I'm all
he's just too nice I was like can I have
a bag please he's like oh yeah okay and
then he like puts everything into a pie
but took off the hanger that that came
with and like a
he would have just let me go away with
that it was like a wooden hanger it was
really cute hanger and like I kind of
knew that they wouldn't give those away
free but he was gonna give them gives me
the hanger because I would have and how
was it you think that I was gonna leave
the shop with two dogs on meats well
Jonathan had one my handbag and I had
bought dog food
I had bought two bones and a costume
like how am I gonna handle all that
pouring rain outside he's right for me
like that here when they put the little
stuff on the floor and I cool
snoozy
well if you're handsome pretty cool
everything would come in a really
cool-looking it is time for making that
din dins do we have a teeny tiny teeny
tongue okay he's actually turned up it's
the most tumblr comment on the video
which means when I say like when I make
a Cooking Channel thing and I was gonna
make a new channel for it on the I joke
this channel
yeah definitely yeah looking to doing
some fun things like that let's see if
this works out though so today we are
making a chicken now I'm not ready to
jump right into making a whole chicken
guys so today I'm going to make a
free-range chicken fill it with one of
these things I don't even know what it
is egg something or other and garlic and
vegetables and peppers and stuff and all
sorts of thing any bottoms like that and
if you guys have ever seen sweet Dale
feet per day oh it's so cool look isn't
it so cool it's looks like a normal
today though except it's not it's not so
curious I'm gonna chop up some of them
some carrots big garlic also say Yama
Yama Yama d-structs mmm welcome to Jaffa
you John okay so you got the sweet
potato carrots garlic herbs and spices
vegetables chicken camel raw so I can
make it on the other side it look this
is my first ever clean mini roast that's
I should call it clean mini roast and I
excited why don't I just go ahead and
make it a little bit zo about it alright
don't forget check it out the office
Channel
I'm a turkey well you got it up tonight
I know I don't know all right job done
here we go in the oven mm-hmm guys
hopefully that works out hopefully yeah
the video worked out too probably got
total mass for my first one but him
let's see how it works out shall we
yum yum I made dinner all by myself
let's have a look-see let's have the
team I see clean it's awesome important
part 28 minutes probably not enough
let's hope to see looking good whoa okay
you guys walk come and save it up there
let me just get that for you yeah
looking really nice okay put it in it's
probably gonna think about an hour yeah
me I'm a TomTom she's proud of me
okay guys we're outside entered a now I
think it's time they've ever been
curious what I look like this time let's
have a look at clean javis I know you
know I mean life is I like you then this
right a couple years anyway definitely
huh city let's get Anna's reaction see
what she thinks that's why I was done oh
she's asleep let's see if the dam is
ready
44 minutes look what I made guys does it
look good Oh
fresh fresh clean roast dinner oh my
goodness that looks awesome
are you proud of me do you think I'm a
rock star don't only one thing that's
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
it's totally free there's no obligation
just click that yellow button it if
you're the kind of person that likes to
uh likes a bit of computer game he's
also get to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the style that channel
if you want to keep up to date with
twitter don't forget to check me out at
Jonathan Yoli and of course follow at
Kony's we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where there's
a community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
societies accidently be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos I'll see you guys tomorrow
