you guys are the fridge good morning
it's eating food time so for breakfast
we're going to McDonald's for lunch
we're going to Pizza Hut for dinner
we're going to mamas I was thinking of
making one up myself today I've decided
I'm not gonna have coffee I'm gonna live
without coffee for a while because I
feel that I never really need coffee and
I don't know it's I don't know I'm gonna
give it a try with the fruit C's so
today I'm going to make one up myself so
Apple Apple Apple Oh count yourselves
cat meows go stick a bit of lime in it
put the lime in the coconut and turn it
so where I put the lime in the cola my
head last night okay don't throw a bit
of spinach in it as well I think we have
another pack though
see we got take all the fruits and veg
out see we've got here guys
okay fine of celery check sign of the
celery are these ripe yet no this one's
getting there it's nice and soft okay
I am a fan of the carrot so three
carrots three apples is a celery
we got cucumber some micro and some
broccoli stem bit of broccoli stem but a
yellow pepper yeah I think that'll
that'll be a nice little nice little
homemade out of his spinach boom just
like that I make it up as I go along I
will undo I drove it started I'm putting
up the recipe ideas like first off you
the entire detox program for you guys
I'll put up like boys I have a breakfast
lunch and dinner and tea and the hates
Gina
gotta have it and yeah and then if you
guys want me though I'll start I'll
start making up my own little rice to be
things that I've been taking
no doubt you know maybe I'll make maybe
I started cooking channel leave me
comments if I should started cooking
channel joke this cooks and here we have
my invention like my little flute at the
top and there's a muffin we just decide
to see because the only place you get
component cables for the PVR it is in
this place called Maplin like game Game
Stop Argos PC world none of those places
seem to have it except for Maplin so
we'll go to Apple and I suppose it's
just like oh it's so far away puts us
across the air across the bridge anyways
little black ball anyways in Blackpool
my name happened on sanic oh my god hi
package no bigger than an ageist guys
and for all you people that skips go
ahead and skip because I'm about to do a
drive yo haha
I have never driven the blackboard you
guys I talk there's one a black ball
this right here seen a mine in the cart
look at the other side he's gonna make
friends you can make friends
you know that's prob'ly win here someone
cuts they didn't have to component cable
that's really upsetting already to get
an alone
No
okay well here's extra vision over here
but she said go check but I'm pretty
sure extra vision doesn't have component
cables today's a try game stop put I
retry games suck you today they didn't
have them but maybe it different games
hold live earnings this is gonna suck
ass survive to bite us online so it was
a no on extra vision actually go into
the shopping center all right we're
gonna have to venture inside the
shopping center you guys ready for that
this is my first time ever being in it
was crazy dreams and work I've never
been a black food shopping center and
you guys hang around black your pajamas
Andrew what's up Oh juice bar or choose
people hey look I really have any mmm
but fresh Jesus dare to detox calories
salary beaters we're used to that we're
hardcore like that mom oh my god
actually have s-video and HDMI I don't
think they have companion here my heart
cuz we talking about here
oh it wasn't no no in the situation guys
that I keep there is a Game Stop in
Longford that has one but I don't like
driving all the way to Longford to get
one so I asked I have to buy it online
julio so it's gonna be another week guys
before we get to do that oh good luck
mama stylers and she has pumpkins
pumpkins and Halloween things pumpkin
before that's the best be back on is the
most riders isn't it and then we get a
TV we get Discovery Channel's
Asians guys we're excited I'm excited
but I also got some sesame sticks
no way there's a question guys question
of today do you believe in aliens or
life outside of this earth leave your
comments do you believe expand what did
you believe in yeah yeah about other
alien races and stuff because I believe
it definitely there has to be order em
in order life under sense worlds are you
rush for a moment how do you make this
nature I definitely believe there has to
be other life in his universe because um
it's still it's too ridiculous to think
that we're the only you know race of
intelligent beings maybe not in our
solar system because we've obviously
probably seen invar solar system but the
universe is a big old spot
the Angelus is playing Angeles over
there and seniors are confused it's just
lying like this and you just kind of
poke this little head in so many of them
I know isn't crazy Daisy's got bigger
fun you know it looks like misty got
smaller
we have rain meatballs yeah but they're
made a vegetable stuff
so is your meeting them so here they
call me pause there's no meat in them
our first wholesome meal excited
who made this knows Emma's work towards
this promise
she made the chips Chester guys you
gonna eat them they're cops back when
support Eisenach Dora chestnuts roasting
on an open flame hey they brought you
the halls burns my eyes I know not that
it's the onion this what's burning
onions on the stove Sheraton foreigners
of them looks good though really good
filling my eyes are so burning
I know yours yeah I'm doing I mean
forced against my will
thrown out into the night why why cry
scream oh honey if I scream I scream
well I guess if they have this probably
in Finland prolly in Queen Morgana's
whatever maybe I won't come back I
accidentally had five sub-niche
or prolene let's all go it thirty nuts I
don't like that one yeah okay job done
let's get back
chips and burgers I he thinks they're
not being a vegetarian but same thing
I'm such a good son-in-law it's always
important to be nice to the in-laws
folks because let's face it they're
lovely in in-laws in lawfully legal
terms they're family anyone know what
that means you know what
one quick drive to the station to get
some ice cream versus some free chicken
dinner even though it's not chicken
today I'm so looking forward to a
munchie-t crunch
how would you wish it was nutty impaired
that's not really fair what it's this
one
naturally bear we're all right guys we
guess it's up fairly nothing I was like
oh my god they had a probably one and
all but I thought you loved the fairly
nuts one not another they bear oh yeah
it's time to get our taste buds taste
delicious we're down one for down one
homemade fries mmm that's second to
clean right the tom is clean technically
and then we've got some vegetarian beef
burgers or meat burgers I'm not sure had
our meat Falls if the vegetarian is
there such thing as a vegetarian like a
veggie balls or something I'm not sure
on a bed of some sort of a thing is that
you are you at the door hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there would be and if you want
to subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation you just click
that yellow button it you'd be the kind
of person that likes to uh likes a bit
of computer gaming don't forget to check
out my winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that likes to be stylish at all times
don't forget to check out anna's
dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Joey and of course
follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
still love to kill our Facebook
society's activity a limited number of
friends thanks again for watching videos
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
