hi happy birthday to you happy birthday
good idea
happy birthday
how old she Amenia Sherman four months
oh my godula nesting yeah four months
that was four months ago we had Alexia
oh no here's trouble what's up Oh
career come here you want to hold that
you come here beside me oh oh my
goodness yeah yeah everyone wants to
hold it up there but we can't require
half we definitely can't look right half
maybe we can even run everybody
well mommy can have another baby and
there they can I don't know I really
should make sure they say yeah I'm one
and Alexia - about marry plan Oh doing a
Chinese burn you know whose birthday is
it next connect your hand yeah is it
your birthday Nichkhun yeah hi there hey
I'm not yes you may just hangs around
but you have to say happy birthday
you just have a person to know well god
something's this world that transcends
time a kind of media is watching here
this show I used to watch that when I
was a kid pretty sure you guys already
watched it as well sugar Lulu but
exactly what no anybody sittin here
watchin it
amazing 100 people still working slowly
Jolie or my great friend answer or maybe
you who we transcend time a little for
dinner fella
princess Eduardo what are you doing
hearing what's your brother do what's
your brother Tim it's pancake Sunday as
well but I've been given a huge
responsibility
cuz that is gonna have to go and put a
Leslie to bed in the Minish so I've been
given a huge responsibility however they
can they be trusted
probably not eat that
thank you as I speak a recipe exquisite
omega-3 like Tierra Tatyana Thiele what
good boy no there's a lot riding on this
guys my responsibility should I dare
flipper or if I get it wrong oh good
that's fine Katie pankova
huh pencil when you think a Tuesday
isn't in April oh it's July for
secondary part wisdom in the middle of
events but it's what it wanted to bed at
about three o'clock this morning for a
15-time it tastes a little Christmassy
at about three o'clock in the morning
when you're like super tired and your
middle trials just pestering you because
he neither we we need the drink or you
need to like turn around where you need
the toy moved or
something along those lines there's
always they always need something
it feels Christmasy at that time in the
morning check it out check it out report
by first day shipping just nearly dark
Hanukkah I know you'll get stormy last
night as well so I had like a sense of
like winter winter was coming when I
yeah is really so important Christmas
this year less yet yeah it should be fun
easy guys check out my pancake from
Jonathan usually I'm the one who has to
eat last because I'm the one making the
pancakes but today I guess if you go
hunting yeah mine duty call to put the
babies like crying and I'm trying to
feed her etc etc but look at this for a
pancake
alright rude and poor Jonathan's waiting
on his ladies and gentlemen welcome
you've heard of the Goodwood Festival of
Speed but have you heard the Ciccone Joe
respectable of speed oh yeah so we are
going all night so we are going to find
out in the g63 v12 very turbo faster
then the Range Rover Evoque I think it's
a Range Rover Evoque or the John Deere
12-volt tractor thing what do we think
why no now unfortunately I am unable
what well it doesn't look like your
lights are on
oh there you go okay slow down slow down
it's always batteries okay so we bought
this one
this is formula we used in the music
video what it is so let's move on the
flight Center way let's be fair guys I
get your man here we only have one tiny
bit of concrete to use so we're going to
need to bring all of the bikes no we're
going to test them all and we're going
to find out definitively which is a
bathroom let me tell you straight up
that is super fast okay it's amazing
because that's designed to actually work
offroad these guys are not designed to
work off-road but anyway let's go I am
all right hop out Eduardo how about no
wait now when I was building this guy
it looks amazing but I'm not 100% sure
in the build quality because the piece
that was supposed to be here which is
the steering column and it wasn't welded
on like you just cut off right your
choice over it wasn't welded on and it
just like broke off like I thought is
attached to distinguish so this is no
steering power so it is a cool car it
looks amazing it works for the music
video but i have no steering control of
that but it does go in a straight line
so guys we need to bring all of the cars
to the starting line all right take your
engine or take your cars okay now you
have to wait so that he says all right
don't press any buttons okay daddy's
going to set the camera let's see if
I've set the camera up here
we hope nobody runs over it Ready Steady
Go
oh no oh no the steering doesn't work on
us
oh I have no steering control oh oh
trying to get you it's not good girl oh
no it's a bad card oh I have a plan guys
look this is the little piece that's
supposed to control the steering column
okay and you can see how like so you can
see here there's only a tiniest tiniest
little bit of weld and that's supposed
to hold the steering column which I
don't think it's a very good design to
be honest but I'm going to see if I can
drill a little hole in between this and
the thing that the actual lab Louisville
and see if I can see something on and
connect it and maybe maybe it'll work
it's just a cool little car if the
steering work point wakey wakey eggs and
Bakey
you like her outfit Amenia want to reiki
wakey eggs and Bakey night howson
laughter yeah Oh Gary sand in the world
better way to face alright Ken yeah
she's getting so big you know what her
top said
hello I'm new here - a heroine she is
new we were new baby doll - yeah
babies are brand new people they go they
go
birth videos are like unboxings because
they haven't seen as he thinking yeah
they're having everything in the house
yet
you're gonna have to show her all the
secret places in the house she's never
even been in the basement I mean yeah
she's never been to the bracelet so I'm
cilenti sick she Kangas you can bring
her on a journey of the basement well
sure I told from that whoa how about
that so that means you have to show
everything that she has seen mommy's run
for a long time she has because he made
she she sleep challenges
she lives in mommy's room Lissy she see
in the kitchen she see in the sitting
room and no good time solid waters room
and he saw outside for a long time can
she do this in the car but she hasn't
seen two other cars
oh let's remember our bike shadow - no
because we use these back got them
mm-hmm I see you right now please can I
hold her I was a holiday when you have
hair what your head is already curvy so
when oh I get my face in about two
minutes okay mama
mommy I need money chill now ain't your
mama play fair just Tom what does it go
like any German
but tell me the whole thing until you
know I can't remember their support
I'm gonna forfeit something I ain't Joe
pneumonia a radio call yeah everyone
ready one uses a and that way to school
and then you and put it on and then
exhale
that's right so interception and eye
opening same way school I'll still see
my school every time you're on it but I
won't see the inside because I'm not
going to be in school
I didn't see the outside then I let me
see it Juarez dresses are no trouble
pitch half and then pretty much the same
please can you do my egg thing Wow
yeah okay have you got get down yeah
ready two three go okay that's what it's
gonna feel like though it's not going to
look feel worse than not how's it going
Oh like that I can't Pierce it here it's
been on the gun
are you disappointed
I like them again you're just going to
hold all day
all right now right
whoa whoa
it's like Jessica's yeah Super Mom
should only fit cake here with it in a
pan account gonna show everybody you're
my daughter
okay listen honey Colin I know gonna
show everyone your makeup now guys Linda
my my lip glosses every bucks on your
tooth here
ready
get that rough would get so leg is get
again especially not like that mm-hmm a
bit more alley them up
I'm just going to grab a clip winner on
your knees
me yeah hi
another yeah yeah
you having a fun time with Daddy what a
little cutie a little beauty okay I have
worked tirelessly and I believe I have
fixed the car okay so I need you to get
in no no no the other one
this one here no no I think I fixed the
steering column drive and steer whatever
way you want I just want to see the work
go okay the battery is really dead but
it looks like it's working good night
here oh no way I fixed it
turn this way okay the battery's really
dead
are you on password or slow mode yeah no
try oh yeah well I wake up every morning
with a smile on my face then I drop out
of bed cause I'm ready for the race the
breakfast on its way the pictures they
are fitted I can't even remember my
words to myself okay look I fixed it
wardo yeah
oh cool because it's a really cool
little car
Oh what is going on here
what it's going on here I sent you two
too bad ages ago
it's water what are you doing in here
Esther isn't it cal-mag I did get these
digits and every Hamlet is ticking what
you got little girls together it won't
get in here come use me whose idea was
this Oh New Year's idea yes I'm making
that giant yes I put the children to bed
getting the Barbie thing I hear giggling
downstairs
and then come up when I find out a
little slumber party daughter and
sleepover party give it water little
things may come give it one anything so
give her anything right shake it nice no
I'm gonna was just dancing whisper
something in there then when daddy's
gone down there yeah exactly
there'll be no more slumber parties
maybe they get into your bed right now
monkey huh oh you're a baby
I mean they said you could be her baby
just enough poison to bed mister don't
there's cold out the cows are alley I
don't need the cows probably everybody
else
I don't want mutation Joey
Sally how are we and Dory's are we all
right my name is Ben and this is Ali
that's enough Ali's for tonight all
right good night
Eduardo you little monkey only some
songs
some songs yeah about these battle hmm
connections I must go and sing songs
about Peter rather
Oh
Wow
