good-morrow actually feel surprisingly
different on the third day you don't
feel as like tired and so if you feel
more clean and less like you know
exhausted and rundown and stuff like the
second day I think the second day was
like the heaviest detoxing day because
most of the toxins were being you know
excreted or you're weeded from your body
you know and then today was like you
know I definitely feel like the
difference you know I feel like much
cleaner you know I'm gonna bet that my
breakfast do you really I'm a last lemon
juice of the time this is my last one
guys I love it I should keep doing this
it's so empty with a hint of lemon and
I'm gonna buzz this up down and drink it
up today it's the last day so he's a
final also did you notice I had a shower
last night and I was like it's like one
doesn't make a difference to your skin
and all like you know I see concerns
like I just got rid of all this so I can
actually see my face and she seemed it
makes a difference actually
I am I'm quite lucky I never ever get
spots as a kid I never got spots never
got acne never got pimples like every
now and again like it might be a little
inkling of one but I got she is spot
here and it was quite it wasn't like a
big one but it was like a squish bump
you know one and I haven't gone on em
like I hardly ever like and I think
that's plenty because I don't was saying
that she got lots of spots like and I
think owner is that like the toxins
trying to escape to your body using your
pores as the vessel you know and it's
gone now anyway because I sure which was
quite fun you know because I was always
annoyed when I was a kid because
everyone else would get spots and I
wouldn't I was like I have to squeeze
one you know just something nice is
about you know if you get a good
explosive Cohen
so I ended up sleeping again ever since
in this detox guys you you spend most of
your time asleep actually which makes it
a little bit I just came with Anna she's
on a laptop there and I was like all
have just gonna like for like three
hours like in under three hours like
it's not like 5 o'clock or something and
all
plans to do today they're just gone all
pans are gotten like well I am he did
say in the book that I'm when you're
sleeping is when you're mainly detoxing
because you get rid of all like the bad
chemicals in your body not like your
parents itself when it's leave and every
time you wake from your little snooze
you always feel like wow so vitalized
like if you're really really good but
obviously beforehand you lie completely
drained like you're a hundred percent
drainage like which funny--i because on
a normal situation not on the details I
would never sneeze like I would never
retake the maps or snooze is rent like
that like you know my feel dipped of
energy like I would go for like either
food or treats or something to keep me
going right to keep the energy up so
definite a tree is a lot more sleeping
but definitely feeling really good like
feeling really detox like it feeling
really am really excited because I'm
going to see paranormal activity 3
tonight whoa we decided we go because I
was like you know change this detox I'm
in very M I'm a very starved
delusional hyper overexcited
temperaments of like what better to see
like the world's scariest films so much
that's awesome because one was awesome
- was she was okay but so three my hair
was closer to one so like yeah baby whoo
that'll be our treat tonight cuz by time
I leave this end only past 12 o'clock
hopefully it'll be like yes I've done it
I'm a champion
lunchtime no how do we get for lunch
today
mmm boring snoring the unders beyond a
on dose I am beyond
beyonders
oh my god imagine magic actually explode
everywhere oh my goodness because I have
the weakness in my hands I do weakness
am I like this is my hand yeah for the
millionth time because a couple of
people have asked me what juice or have
I been using for the last few days and
like I'm not that I've made it really
obvious watch you sir I've been using
for the last few days and I don't know
if you can actually figure out what
Jesus or I've been using for the last
few days but I don't want to have to
spell out which juicer I've been using
for the last few days but it has been in
pretty much all the videos let's call it
in plain sight okay okay right that's
for dinner today this leaf my way should
be chewy chewy Julie okay as I just
could open this Apple and look there's a
little spider oh my goodness he must
have been like in there somewhere patty
you know it's super fresh it comes with
a spider oh my goodness isn't that crazy
what what do i name him and he's have a
name for him he's my friend he's my
friend okay my friend my friend
hey bad boyfriend I thought I didn't
have to say spider warning because he
wasn't like a super scary spider look
he's got a little web and everything in
here affected him oh I'll relocate you
I'll put you in a housing relocation
program or something there must be
something I can do for him so I just
curled um two little pieces of alby's
hair using my new little flat iron from
GK hair oh my God look how cute this is
I know I said I was gonna make it a
surprise but like look at that
and it gets super hot so you have to be
careful
I did my fringe with it I'm just kind of
touched up hello and I kind of think
they're out now because did they fall
out no there's a little Curly's oh he
looked so cute when I did that but then
he kind of um didn't want to be played
with anymore he's okay though Cena is
like I'm sorry I knew I couldn't do any
of her and it's too dangerous like it is
really hot but alibies days still and
stuff and then I firstly straighten it
then it wasn't renewing anything because
his hair is already straight and then I
like curled like flat iron curl to
pieces I don't know it's so didn't it
was like to know like doing you know so
funny but then we took them out then I
kind of straighten them back out because
you didn't one thing anymore
Oh like you could see a little bit
there's like who's small that I can do
this on like practicing like them yeah
will we do it oh not too much now oh my
god that's a perfect idea
okay hold on thank you guys remember we
did this a year ago or over a year ago I
that was at the baby hasty oh my god I
feel like it's very like a punk a punk
rocker crap I should be using the heat
protectant oh no oh my god it's kind of
cool it's it's very I wanted to be cocky
maybe if you make two lines and then
blending you know some guys actually do
this really
yeah especially like you know the people
that go on to your princess oh yeah
what's happenin my straightener
something I'm like oh my god I mean I
suppose there's something wrong with sky
straightening that careful it's just
kind of weird oh you like I don't like
how it's separating they're at the front
and you think you need some product I
don't like bugs in my hair that's very
hard I can feel it yeah it's 410 degrees
barn and 10 degrees all right oh my
goodness this is the part where you show
me the mirror at the back and all right
there first we'll use this one and do it
again just for fun I have concerns
I'm not analyzed yet you see you always
make it like one thin line sticking up
like yeah like that it's so art isn't is
what you wanted though not to be so
mohawk either they don't want old ladies
day across the road and they see me
coming in fear but it's not that long it
smells nice smells like men's eyes it's
not nice actually
I'm just looking using the reflection um
it's a nicely can you guys see my
reflection in the picture yeah I love it
okay physical beauty makes a noise you
know one did hello
oh it's probably hot fire I know I need
to read instruction whoa whoa what was
that
what was that why is it like making
burning smoke rising smoke don't worry
it's normal I do this to myself all the
time
it's normally smaller very hard I think
it's very close to my forehead
I'm sorry I don't understand a small
part though it's because it's a new flat
iron that hadn't been useful for it
that's what and it's got product in
citizens I know that be it's pretty
hippie it's ready we need some practice
with this
needless to say why is this one kink in
no just ignore it the singings answers
that's pretty cool though actually and
how it looks very um more defined
because we put in the stuff
it's smoothing cream and it's supposed
to protect your hair from beneath but we
straighten it before as well so that's
stupid now why isn't it cool
well I personally think it looks cool I
don't know how you're gonna react
then I just don't know him why you got
this done if you don't want to do stuff
like this okay
rockin what's a little guys first
reactions
what the hell we like it you see you can
put it over to the side see I would just
mean personally okay what I would
probably do talking in here that's
getting better I am you know my fault
exactly you made it way too thin no
you're right that's less punk more loose
yeah yeah anything that more often maybe
cuz it stands up more mmm yesterday it
was so funny cause it was like exploded
like like little pineapple rabbits going
ever that's right I had a hoodie most
today alright that's kind of good yeah
that is
okay you're right that makes it looks
better yeah
yes where we're going guys we're going
to get a car wash
do you remember the last time we got a
car wash and it was like midnight car
wash and Albie and Cena were left at
home and we're like oh why didn't we
bring them that would have been so cool
just guys
you're coming today oh we're gonna get a
car wash gonna come in the front with
mom I'll put this down there you go up
Albie Albie is the car gonna go to
wishy-washys huh they understand the
wishy-washys there's still first uh-huh
we're gonna get oh geez huh oh my gosh
for the car special promotion so I went
for it I totally went all that guys look
what I got I brought Frank by buying the
Dulux package today if you invest in a
doula package today sir
may I offer you half price do let's
package next time come on normally ten
euros for 50 for us next time come on
awesome how's that going well might as
well buy it now and get a free one next
time I'm really I'm really I'm really
happy with my fifty savings okay do you
want to take one I'm gonna drive there
first
oh yeah I got the deluxe package show
super brush wash yes please enter your
code I get a lose face what's that
oh what's this oh what's this what's
this guys
what's this Xena what's the cena sucks
husband Swiss cheese mr. Scott Chris I'm
hiding
oh my god Ali's baby so scared
Connie just know I think it is moving
it's snowing
we're quickly for detention ow isn't the
cats
Oh who's that Kareem is that coming
Thanks
oh what's that
who's that Cena huh
Oh
it's okay yeah
she's not as scared as you seem to care
and now nice and shiny car those people
say always say leave comments about the
wheels on our cars they're like they're
like if you buy an out from mayor
they're the official alpha-male wheels
and you seem that comment a few times
when you can't get like what's what's up
with our wheels like you know but em
yeah that's what they are they're the
official
Alfre male wheels I come out for mayor
they're not aftermarket rent like that
that's a TS version of the car which is
like them you know the luxury version
has all like the extras and stuff on it
so maybe that's why I don't know but
there's a type of information for you
today there's a bus a bus on our walk
all right come on
getting the stake the life of a dog is
peeing up everything must you pee and
sniff everything huh come on that is at
one with nature that is at one with
nature that is at one with nature
I know then we let you off it see the
motorway there guys look see it runs air
Oh slap smack splat so no that's a no
Liam guys we may have found a location
that is suitable for all our needs and a
house which is large enough for our egos
I don't know I think you might have
found something that's actually quite
nice it's really nice actually
but enough about that right now we'll
talk about that later on the later date
later time but it was just a sneak peek
season five you set a new location how
does that sound to you guys we were just
talking about where we're actually gonna
sweat said last night you look at a cake
Rex is a cake Rex calm is so funny it's
all I can professional you're like cakes
what is wrong with you check his harness
there you go definitely strange
yeah what's the soup but am yeah cake
Rex calm it is so funny it's all like
mistakes and things people make and some
one of them was like your birthday I put
her name in protocol was dead like we're
on to you it's not your real name
oh happy birthday
Gail in brackets yeah in brazen
exclamation mark
we're written on the cage other one just
a flower just a flower just flower
because you know we see when you looked
at Baker you give them like a method
woman was like text or hi birdie honors
a dot dot dot or Joe a few big mistake
all the time treat predators 2293 tricky
tree and then there's the other one
Kyle is going away they're funny because
the girl that writes the blog posts
actually really humorous the shows
facilities like the one with the yeah
host a cartoon character with the toys
is like an amazing like wonder line with
Cora and like in
car and like little toys are on top and
there's like a stream and the river and
like all these things what are you
eating
anyways annum jeez he hits it bad but
it's like try a rectangular cake like
two types of lands and then a river
running through but it's like crap it
looks nothing like eh like where's the
toys I'm just like alright okay so she
makes another one and looks nothing like
it at all
looks like stupid - like the little head
toy though so funny he's the only when
you see something like on a box and it's
never well usually if it's a craft
product it's not like cowardice on the
box or like remember when you were
younger and you'd watch like kids like
ads for toy and they'd be like oh set
not included or accessories not included
remember yeah yeah and it'll be really
annoying because if you're watching like
an ad for like a party they make it
really cool it's so cool and it has
included yeah yeah yeah wow that's what
I'm gonna get and then you get like
something come on Toby oh good boy
it just jumped up himself yeah let me
have to roll up come on
you're gonna get stuck in there come on
everyone from the choo-choo train she
passed a beer come on go go go go Oh for
tall people to problem for tall people
okay for small people so he could how
could you or films gonna get into the
car and they don't realize persons in
the back until they're like fix the
mirror or something like that how could
you get into your car not notice
somebody back there like it'd be
impossible and help you get into your
car and fix your mirror isn't your
mirror like oh we I've never touched
that mirror ever you know just wipe
clean that's your attention okay here's
the plan guys we need to get some
supplies for tomorrow because there is
no food in the house whatsoever and we
are going to be hungry
Perris tomorrow oh let's just fill up
with all those cakes hi
153 English fancies I think for
breakfast tomorrow I'm gonna have myself
some natural twin bones Oh yum yum yeah
they love them I love them they love
them this is one gonna have tomorrow for
breakfast oh yeah followed by one of
these only a half a sausage sure you
know and they're gonna play for a
football oh and a chicken
whoa wonder day mmm she's gonna make a
tree sucker for a maple tree
they're like sausages yes
maybe looking for these when ya give
them half one now hidden 200 time now
what do you guys think of this huh yeah
only guy can I have one you like that
you like that sit as with everything
else in our lives
we're late come on we're late for the
scare best it's mom freaking it's almost
midnight by the time we leave the film
we've midnight we can go straight to
24-hour Tesco and Wilson stock up on
like cheese fries hamburgers chicken
burgers deep fryers the crunchiness on
your teeth the thing they accidentally
sold that out without telling us even
though we bought the tickets online so
they're like on science actually so low
and they're like you can see in the
other film but nothing else was on like
I reckon you can hang around for two
hours it was like so eventually just got
our money back I'm so ridiculous that
they didn't actually tell us on the
website or anything
haha all is not lost because there is a
midnight showing in another cinema near
enough so we might actually go to the
other cinema at midnight which is kind
of better because it's a super scary
film and it's better to watch the super
scary kill them at midnight you know
what else happens at midnight hide
finish my thing in you bobbins
maybe I'll treat myself to some popcorn
oh my god is this going to be the best
day of my life and the scariest day of
my life all at the same time just about
to walk outside the door and I notice
this little fella here in the corner
hello little friendly fellow
see our little friendly fellow you know
em ya know something nobody listen o to
UE paranormal activity 3 guys couple a
jumps in there how'd you feel about it
ok Thomas knows and you thought it was
yeah yeah yeah I just think that the
back story was a bit more like I'm a
stickler for remembering the facts that
makes sense you know I was like that
doesn't only match open the other to
what anyways well you got more so with
the second than the first there's just
one thing they did in it which is really
freaky right they did this kind of thing
right you know what I'm talking away
here like that oh my god
oh my god what is that where the camera
goes inside aside if you go see it it's
where did you go see it for those
moments when it does that
there's a good good few like really good
scares in there you know but yeah I
totally recommend going see it if you
want to be like scared eighty little
puns but all in all guys detox is over
and paranormal tree was awesome
rolled credits hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the Saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel totally free there's no
obligation just kick that yellow button
if you'd be the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer
gaming don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like she's stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's the stylized
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at Anna Saucony
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where is it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society section or maybe a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
