oh my god I'm so excited we're having a
smoothie for breakfast oh yeah
this is why it's all worth it guys is it
our treat oh we got this morning for
completing dates all this up guys yeah
pineapple blueberries blackberries and
200 others okay hey you don't don't
skimp now okay gee golly thank you
what I'm talking about
put some put the rest in just like to do
this detoxing just be one and day two
when you wake up and you go for a pee
it's an odd color it's a very odd color
to be honest but this makes it all worth
it so nice of something sort of sites
like this although we did get avocados
last night as the dinner one which is
kind of nice but a so garlic berries are
just juice the pineapple and we add the
pineapple juice to berries nice this is
what we get which is blackberries
blueberries yogurt and pineapple all
mushed in there together and then we put
it in a little blender machine you see
how over here and I'll probably like
once this is over I'll make all like the
recipes and stuff on the idea of this
channel but for the moment I'm not gonna
do that because I don't really have the
time or energy to go make him tutorial
eyes in these I have to make them first
and find out the ones that we want to
establish as one so we're going to keep
going there's a dreamy detox for lunch
yes
what's a super detox dreamy detox and
then the h2o one from yesterday and then
beyond we don't have anything special
today though no oh
so it's good in a sense that gives you a
break because you don't get bored
h2o today yeah
h2o guys is the worst one you get to
leader of us yeah a border and then the
stuff on top of it so almost makes a
leader like just like oh my god and
you're trying to down the whole thing
and they need pee for like an hour
don't worry boy it's like the B dirt or
whatever it settles after a while and
then it just starts getting like worst
tasting and worst tasting as it goes
along you know you're like oh my god I
gotta drink this the quickly drink it
the better
kisses oh yeah you can again uh-huh
goodnight Denton's for mommy
shake my hand she can look like it
oughta be you look like you're mourning
one I did it oh girl who's mommy's girl
it's mommy's girl
mmm anyways
yeah
he's just been missing for ages
I'm really like bored cuz I thought
where's Michael takes the dogs for a
walk but me not and it's like lunchtime
now it's 2 o'clock so I want to make the
lunch but the thing is I don't actually
know how to use the juicer Jonathan
never showed me sure is not that
difficult but I actually have never like
put the things and I'd squashed them
down so Joe Fez I think it's lunchtime
hey guys
careful they too but I'm not feeling it
it's so weird
he's got like a full night's sleep last
night and I didn't like ice I was awake
for ages I think I wanted to keep
finding out like three was just like
lying there away for ages we did take a
long nap yesterday obviously but it's
weird how it affects different people
differently like I don't feel I'm sure
I'm gonna crash later whatever but I
don't feel like he does we both own this
spider we both have been experiencing
very different like effects I'm very
different like symptoms Jonathan thinks
it's cozy house he's older and he has
more toxins gonna go peepees
Hanako PP said sake good girl
do your pee pees but um cuz he spent
like a good half hour or something on
the toilet this morning and for me it
was not like that
so obviously it's just different people
have different things the only thing is
I broke out like really but how can you
be finished already
that makes no sense
I'm sorry I didn't mean to scare you I
just it's just a box
there though anyway so um I broke out
really bad like all like I had kind of
um read are you going PBS or not make up
your mind
I had read like redness like pimples
that were kind of coming up and it seems
to have I think like the detox has kind
of brought everything to the surface
it's probably cleansing out my skin from
like the inside out at least that's what
I'm gonna tell myself because I don't
want to feel like I'm breaking it
because I don't think it's really
possible I'm not sure but basically all
like the kind of redness and like
bumpiness it's all being brought up so I
woke up with like a huge I would say
like maybe five pimples on my face and I
was just like on my forehead where I get
them like so bad and I obviously have
makeup on now so you probably can't see
them but like it was so depressing I was
like oh my god I got this is gonna clear
my skin but then we read in online or
Jonathan did that apparently that that
can happen if it means that something of
it like your blood that there's like
toxins in your blood which sounds really
scary and apparently it's like getting
rid of that you know so that's why they
kind of were all brought up and I kind
of broke out like really badly but that
should calm down apparently in the next
day or so I hope because like I'm kind
of a bit annoyed about that but anyways
guys Jake is that if you guys ever had
ginger smells like ginger cookies it
smells really good like it looks so ugly
when it's not so good it smells like you
know ginger Jason because we've no
lemons left so if we need to buy more
stuff we have using a line but it's kind
of nice it's supposed to change it up
just ever so slightly I'm looking
forward to this you know because the
apples and salary is but we've never had
this no no the new one is this dreamy
detail yes one of h2o gray so Jonathan
just made
my lunch and it is so oh my god like
it's so spicy I can't get over how like
I'm trying to cut my spicy it is excited
like it's nice it's a welcomed like
flavor think it's the ginger yeah it's
just a very concentrated like junior you
know yeah see you know like ginger nuts
Cena does like to you not Abby doesn't
they match the color of your juice to
the recipe page so that's what they do
because we had the berry one this
morning you know the smoothie and it was
the page was like purpley blue and so
was the smoothie like it was really cool
actually I was more purple probably but
this is like really good
right yeah over in Venice is awesome I
know obviously mr. juicer yes John J
juicer taste it taste it I want you to
taste it I really want to see your
expression on your face it's so tangy
it's like oh my god you need to grade no
I know it's here oh my god
so here it's going on in my night it's a
good party it's like it is like spicy
but it's yeah it's not spicy but it's
bouncing up and down yeah that's always
a scary part though when you make them
and you sit never breath and you smell
it it always smells like crazy all right
you know what you put in it then you're
like so we have had no beetroot at all
today which is a change yesterday we had
like three beat something kept like an
insane amount of beetroot now my lips
got really cute look this recipe is in
our juice and smoothies bar all over the
UK we got dreamy Digg detox in a juice
bar in the UK or maybe the US for them
no I'd say it's just you can UK yeah
well someone asked me I'm is it
expensive to do everything we have lived
off for the last what was for the three
days supply that I hate God was actually
only 26 euros so which is really good
that's like than what you would pay for
one person over the course of three days
like normally you know for normal food
if you think of all the meat you'd buy
and like bread and like stuff like that
you know so it's actually really really
good and we bought off where we whenever
we could we tried to buy it as much like
fresh organic local produce as as
possible if you have a Trader Joe's I
wish we had a Trader Joe's
what are you doing yourself to she's
just got a little pause hanging over
like a little madam like we drop
something you have a cat or a society
vote right over and you're like yeah
let's go back to our Donald's you know
something I definitely think I'm going
to take away from this experience is
preparing food the enjoyment of actually
preparing a meal you know we were so I
don't know conditioned into because
we're in university for so long you know
we've been together we live in together
while in university and we kind of live
in that lifestyle and then we never kind
of left that or something you know and
making a transition I don't know being
like a family or something you know
we're saying like you know it's good to
start this now because if you have kids
like you know it'll be important to be
able to provide them with like you know
healthy nutritious meals homemade water
and some packaged crap you know and I
definitely feel more you know
enthusiastic about the idea of you know
if I if I want to have a pizza then I
can just go buy the dough go buy organic
raw chicken and viola self and cook it
myself and prepare my own you know
cleanly alike
you know yeah because every day like I'm
preparing these juices it's a lot of
work and getting them all in fresh and
chopping washing but then it there's
something there's something that feels
good about that you know like doing in
and creating it and then eating it and
enjoying it and know that that's like
freshly produced by yourself like and I
just think I really feel like it's time
you know I always say like you know you
always progresses your own rate in life
to become what suits you you know and
this kind of really suits us now and I'm
I'm really excited and piastic because
instead of waiting for Tesco convenient
meal to come out with a new flavor of
chicken or something that I can actually
just go buy my own stuff and make my own
stuff in it it opens doors to a
possibility of endless variety of food
rather than just eating the very mundane
options you know because it's like we're
running out of options for the last few
months have been so bored with the food
that we've been eating and this is
really a
woken up my tea spuds it's hot so made
my system in crazy on the inside guys oh
my god I don't wanna get into it cuz
it's quite disgusting but your
imagination can do the rest we could be
making one of the biggest mistakes of
our lives but it has to be done guys
there is a warning in the book that says
buy everything you need to buy because
do not I repeat do not go into the
enemy's the jaws of the enemy the jar of
temptation well we are here at Super
Value because we have to get Nina
supplies cuz I've only bought enough for
me for the three days which is lasted a
day and a half but that means is out now
so we need to get all Nina stuff which
is everything we bought and buy it all
again but kind of concern now once you
go in there like you know really like
samplers and like the smell of the food
I'm crushing you're like oh my god we're
also discussing what we planned for
Saturday walking so but no you're having
Maki soba yaki soba and I am having what
is it chicken chicken katsu sticky rice
oh yeah waka Mama's baby Saturday is a
treat
that's our goal guys oh my god wait
yeah we're home
there were stupid hates too old I hate
so much beetroot juice does it count if
you got like a chocolate-covered apple
idea too tempting okay we know lemon
need lemons lemons and limes all right
you anyway out of here is have to walk
through this aisle here this out here
this I'm here come on keep walking I
straight ahead as forward-looking no
dilly-dallying a temptation beside you
there stay away from temptation guys you
know how good these smell right about
now mmm
I just gave I've been seeing some baking
scissors irresistibly chewy oh yeah
detox euphoria oh my god I wasn't lying
look H do tomorrow twice oh my god
dinner is h2o and admit breakfast it
hates you Oh Oh God no that's the worst
one this one that hasn't make now Oh
sucks balls
we got another supply group this is what
it looks like cucumber apples
Carl's late route bike down pineapple I
would eat that whole pan up right now
hello salary one yellow pepper ginger
avocado spinach 1/2 pound spinach 1/2
pound and lemons and limes that's it
guys round 2 are you ready I'm not ready
yeah hello see what all day long - Brett
let mommy help mommy
oh yeah you know you know what you stink
you're disgusting you roll in black -
black poop detox poo I am going my hair
is pretty amazing amazing my hair is
really easy ignore an amazing hair guys
I'm gonna make the hits - oh it's this I
gotta watch this because they didn't
watch that on because oh my god I cannot
imagine what I'm gonna be like tomorrow
you want me she wishes oh now you big
bully
you're a big brute your big brute is it
into the joke we go you think to me
turn the heating on or the portable
radiator system no it's not to confuse
we don't have heating okay and we go
okay I'm gonna go make the juices guys
have fun have a fun time
what really okay I'll stay in help and
the best oh my god is so hard
I just want to order pizza I just want
to eat food so badly like it's just so
hard oh my god
like Anna hates me right now do you hate
me yeah she hates you for making it a
this thing oh my god like I feel like I
just closed my eyes not I dream about
its food like I'm just thinking like you
know the Chinese down the road I was so
good like and I'm gonna have the chicken
ear today and the Katzie chicken and
then we're thinking you tomorrow right
you know tomorrow's the last day does it
end at midnight tomorrow so I think that
tomorrow that I'll do a blood TV
countdown live oh my god what I do right
is that ordering a pizza or something I
put it in the oven and then have a nice
and toasty warm at midnight we have a
midni party oh wow he's so cool guys
although I suppose your party gonna tell
me like no it's known to - next morning
you know thank you
this is so hard oh my god I like you
thinking of like what if I just if I
order pizza I've been labeled a loser
but I'll have a pizza and if I don't and
I stay true to the whole process then
I'll be a winner but I won't have a
pizza although when a winner gets a
chicken dinner and I'm getting some
chicken katsu and Saturday oh yeah
well I wanna be prepared for seconds and
thirds and fourths but that'll probably
be sick because I'll have not digested
some me and she
days is over lovely jet fighter can
katsu ha ha why do you guys feel about
it huh
everybody lover could I spend all day
long asleep and they just snuggle up
beside me and now right now right no one
all right don't tell daddy what to do
don't daddy what to do yeah just make it
away let your troubles away bad let your
troubles away hmm good thing is though
guys we get to have an avocado smoothie
now and it's got lumps of avocado in it
so that's kind of nice when you get a
bit of texture and you're like mmhmm but
a texture is nice that's what I have to
look forward to these days I'll see you
guys tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation just
pick that yellow button it if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer game he's also get to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that like be stylish at all
times don't forget to check out anna's
dostala' channel if you want to keep up
to date with twitter don't forget to
check me out ackd Jonathan Joe
the and of course follow at aniseh
Kony's we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where if it's
a community page you can also go to our
friend pages well until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
societies X energy be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watch this
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
