morning campers
day one whoo let's do this just gonna
have my stuff a nice tasty breakfast Oh
what's this
well actually it's not breakfast you
have to drink the lemon water the hot
water it's just like hot water with
lemon and then you can have the I think
I have the detox the light this morning
I think it is so I'm going to make this
kind of started in the video organized
and then gonna come back and I'm gonna
get the thing and then I think lots of
people walks got two days to get the
breakfast thing sorted apples celery
carrots broccoli stem which is kind of
weird instead of actually broccoli be
real which I don't think I've ever cut
open before which is really weird I've
never actually had before
I'm only right you know like beetroot in
like the jars with the watery stuff in
it like you know bell pepper cucumber
and I've convinced Anna to join me oh my
god I know it's weird isn't it which
makes it a whole lot easier because how
is like the savannas enormous but I
would like please can I have some food
it's okay it keeps spiders away okay so
that does your breakfast
there you go Thanks enjoy it you know
apparently putting the little slice of
lemon in your sink yeah neutralizes all
the smells you're doing six sometimes
get smelly air or like you need to wind
down yeah
that means amazing lemons good for
everything it's at an inch of beetroot
so I'm not really sure and it is from
Rudy yeah yeah okay let's get this bad
boy on the go there we go I have made
the two of them I made them individually
and separately just to ensure that we
got actually all the right stuff inside
of it because it's hard amazing together
we might actually miss out and loads of
stuff oh this is nice does I have to
drink this four times a day
how does it do that who does it do that
doesn't taste bad initially you're like
and all you can taste is like celery
it's accelerating its it gives you
salary
it's like booty nights that it gives a
little bit about Kupang it's weird with
the lemon lemon salary you know all the
other stuff is there but juicing is easy
or two hours in guys I'm glad you
support me in this I mean business
okay my head is frozen I just went
outside because we were recording more
friends youtube.com for sarcastically
channel and oh god I got like God I got
like frozen frozen cause I had to put on
the big woolly hat even though I had my
hood up like I think I'm God it's just
empty guys I'll tell you I'm not gonna
lie to you to this entire process okay
it is extremely difficult like it is
actually difficult she's like we're
trying to work out if we have lunch like
all the time can we have lunch at this
and you have breakfast you have your
lemon water in the morning then you have
your breakfast lunch linor
which is like this h2 old detoxing and
then dinner right and then that's it so
we're like oh crap if we have dinner too
early then with nothing else for the
night you know see where do we go to
battle like 7 o'clock this is a great
distraction notes from the process like
being outside I would highly suggest
being outside or you know it says like
minimal stimulus in your brain and your
your consciousness and stuff but being
inside or just kind of walking around I
don't know like fresh air sort of fills
you up it doesn't make you feel as
hungry or something the Sun of my face
just feel like you know man I'm like oh
wow look at the leaves the leaves are so
amazing Anna did you see the leaves
nature nature how are you today
Thanks nature twice back oh my goodness
oh my goodness I'm getting wrapped up
here I didn't order a wrap oh god I'd
love a wrap right now
oh sweet chilli wrap we can do it and
power on or a couple of hours in you
know if you think about it Sonia like 36
hours
two days so yeah 24 24 on the way I know
a lot more than paper time all of us
letting everything becomes really tasty
look at these guys
she got to eat them they look really
tasty omits berries I was just thinking
I could eat some would be okay if I had
a little nibble you know major stick now
he gave up on his dick normally when we
go for walks we like the quick walks we
did the quick step but like keyboard
pass and I've had children or passing is
that caterpillars or crawling passes her
just like snapper passing is that gonna
like get out of the way slowpoke like so
slow bees on long word I'm trying to
I've got like limited energy reserves
you gotta keep them that saves them up
for pretty goodness because one of an
emergency situation happens I need a
little bit energy like I don't know I
have to go wash the car cuz I do have to
wash the car
pretty darn finiti warning guys
spider turn away now serious spider
situation oh my goodness this guy holy
crap
what I'll just leave on there
okay can make a move he was inside
though
mm-hmm yeah he was inside the frame oh
gee Roy but it like he's there you go
dude all right buddy
I need you to go to it all right go dear
all right you got it all right come on
okay head out
maybe just leave now now why that way
I'll be fine
you find down there okay I used up my
last of my energy whoa it's lunch time
that's my lunch guys all right let's
make the Juicy Juice
that's bad enough I think always hard to
get the first apples it come on you
Wow why she why she mushy
there we go that's Nina's one good I
have to make my one like it go fish Oh
your juice is peeing out that looks so
insane
okay pink I love the color it's like a
what would you call this like a berry
color a funny beetroot color actually
actually from look reminds me of like a
really rich crimson yeah it's like pink
anyway so Jonathan convinced me to join
him on this thing I think he was a bit
relieved when I said I would because
although I gets really difficult
difficult for him like I had bought I'm
gonna show you cuz I showed you
yesterday but I cut that part out our
plans have changed but I had bought
these organic bean burgers cuz I decided
like not to eat any meat which is fine
like that's like not a problem for me at
all
I decided not to eat any meat for the
whole like thing cuz like that would be
too tempting for Jonathan but that's why
I bought those burgers but now I can't
have them because I told him that I
would do this with him but this is
actually really good it is surprising
when you look at it you think oh no and
it's always people gonna be right but
that's disgusting like it's not it's
actually no it's not and it's so funny
though because like I'm wondering though
should we use straws because of the
sugar is there chief we have straws
honey apple it's alright vegetables nuts
are they okay that's why this one's for
times days your veg okay at night time
we get
anyways oh yeah ice crush my hair today
for the first time in ages I had been
like heat standing it forever and like I
thought oh my god my hair is gonna like
fall out it's it's so damaged but yeah
so I scratched it although I pillow
tried it so that doesn't really count as
that whole part what I was gonna say is
that um like weird you're feeling so
like you're not feeling like depressed
or anything you're just kind of like you
don't really have much energy and then
you drink a shot of this and it's just
like thing like it's really a kind of
bolt or jolt bolt of energy yeah I think
and I love the foam that it gives as
well it's really you can taste the
celery and the lemon and that has like
an aftertaste of beetroot but I don't
love beetroot or anything but like I'm
all for trying new things and Jonathan
hates trying new things
oh my god and then we read this thing
last night it was so crazy remember
Jonathan apparently women who eat like a
really varied diet when they're pregnant
will pass that gene are not June but
like Pat yeah pass that palate down to
their baby so if you eat like loads of
different things like you know every day
just in case ago those thing um yeah so
if you eat like you know different
things every day different like fruits
veggies like spices you know like just
very very very diet when you're pregnant
your baby will get that like kind of
taste for a varied food and I think my
mom probably did that like for all of us
because my mom is kind of the opposite
my giant specific food like yeah she
only like specific she's very like you
like you know before they told me yeah
she likes you know meat potatoes that
kind of thing and like
doesn't really venture she hates onion
she picks out all the onions of her
dinner and Jonathan does that as well
well you don't do it anymore
but when I first met Jonathan like he
only ate toasted cheese sandwiches
coffee grapefruit I know that's not like
that Bob that's actually pretty good
felt like the only fruit he ate and then
what else did you eat like meat and
potatoes for dinner shepherd's pie
yeah Shepherd's pies and stuff and now
he's like kind of getting better yeah
but isn't that weird that like if you
eat a very like kind of not very diet
like just always the same things your
baby will probably be that way as well
when it comes out that's no no no
there's only nine more episodes in
season five of Saucony Jolie's season
six and nine days guys I hate season six
it's gonna be awesome
I don't any spoilers or anything you
know another thing about the beetroot is
that it makes your lips like really pink
like I don't have anything on right now
except for eight hour cream Elizabeth
Arden's eight hour cream and my lips
look really like like I have a lip tint
on or something it's really weird so I
think that's really cool that featured I
never knew that maybe that's how people
make like lipsticks and stuff I don't
know anyways everybody's looking at me
right now because I'm talking to myself
in the car
but I always feel like you know like
people have those headset thingies are
like hands-free phone things I always
think people would just think I'm doing
that I've been the guy talking to myself
you end up getting a more whenever we
get really giddy later on you know when
you're like no you're like
sleep-deprived you might like it
laughs attack when you bite a tree like
avocado and and broccoli stems not
broccoli by the way just a stem you know
and all this stuff like you know at the
end of life you know you can have a
delight undeterred gave add some ginger
and I was like like that's my treat I
gotta add some freakin ginger yeah
although guys we're just reading a
comment there on his reading that the
comments on the blogs and someone was
saying this is about clean eating that
doesn't seem like a bad idea
I'm like after this you know cuz after I
do the three days at this you know I
really I don't want to start like
putting all that pollution back into my
body you know I really want to you know
I'm not saying I'm gonna go like wall or
or vegan or vegetarian or anything like
that like I'm saying that like I will
try to incorporate a wife I had a fruit
every single day juice and sewer
vegetable juice every single day which
but I will include and some solid foods
as well and I was thinking the clean
idea sounds really good anything you
want like I know said that the way she
describes him his brain it was like if
you want a cookie you have to make that
cookie so you can have cookies but you
have to make them if you want to chicken
like you got skis like you know refined
sugar and like all kinds of Betty
Crocker so yeah you have to you have
anyways like saying I know like maybe
raw cane sugar or something instead or
there I'm like maybe bring up what you
call it like whole grain flour okay yeah
you know like healthier just like
alternatives but yeah what time is
dinner dinner is at 4:00
oh my god no I think we had that late so
it's gonna be um you know we're looking
at the places you can go you can go to
places to do this and detox the
three-day detoxing
but they bring you the juices are all
your different times I'll be so cool if
someone was just gonna like come to the
house and drop us into Jesus when we
need to have them you know Lehner's
different berliner we're having a
different one
yeah were me a different for Leonard
guys it's in between lunch and dinner
it's called linner we're having the Oh
to detox it's like oh I'm having oxygen
for two days is better gals seem quite
full to mind you I'm actually gonna have
too much so we got this really cute card
it says just wanted to say hey and it's
him/her a free dog yeah it's from the
see my sister's cats called Oreo as well
he's about one year old and a mixed
month and acts like a puppy no he's so
cute
anyways so she asked some questions
Johanna help answer okay you asked them
will give you I'll give you I'll give
you the man perspective Joe piss
pop pop flew back okay even though I'm
on down to tonight and I'm Jonathan how
did you become confident I'm pretty shy
and I don't speak my mind much in the
end I always get stepped on because I
don't feel confident enough to say
something okay what I would suggest in
this situation is that when I was young
right because a lot of you guys have
been witnessing wise you know I I had a
tough enough upbringing and stuff right
and when I was younger I thought I was
very shy and I was very insecure about
myself and I remember when I used to do
like dancing used to hip hop dancing I
would never dance at the front because I
was always too insecure I batters but I
remember when our teachers
choreographers and I was very young a
time and he was telling me that what you
should try and do to overcome that it's
every single day challenge yourself
somehow to do something that you would
be afraid to do now I'm not saying like
go do a bungee jump or jump out of a
plane tomorrow but something simple like
ask someone the time or or speak your
mind or won't every day one time tell
someone how you feel or something very
small like that and you will see that
you don't get a hostile reception every
time it's not as scary as it seems and
then you know and then baby steps and
you you know you probably find that it's
a lot more it's a lot better you know
other question was how did I tell for me
how did I tell my mom but my first
boyfriend okay well you're 18 so you
should be able to date I think anyway
that's just my thing but um I think when
I told I think my first boyfriend was a
fifteen and when I told my mom it was
hard my mom isn't really like she wasn't
really okay with it so it was difficult
but I think that's another example of
like being confident and stuff I didn't
want to tell like I wanted to tell her I
wanted her to know I didn't want to
actually tell her because obviously it's
safer if your parents know the more
things they know better and it is
important to include them in that you
know but at the same time it's really
difficult on them because you you get
embarrassed and it's like you don't
really want to talk about that kind of
stuff with with them or whatever but I
just kind of I just did it like I just
knew I had to do it because it's more
important that she knows and that you
know if something happens to me or god
forbid you know an accident happens or I
get into some kind of situation where
him in trouble she knows like you know
who I'm friends with and who I'm hanging
out with and there aren't any secrets
involved you know so it's easier for her
to kind of get to me in an emergency you
know that's like very you know that's
like if something if the worst case
scenario happened but I think you just
have to kind of you have to do it you
have to tell your parents and just be
really honest with them like they're
gonna respect you for being for wanting
to do that as much as they might not
approve they will respect you they got
they are prepared though every parent
knows that that day is gonna come
they should be and they shouldn't think
that well they should know that if
you're a teenager there's a good chance
that you won't be with that person for
the rest of your life and I think it's
important to kind of try things you know
you don't want to be with the same well
some people are with the same person
their whole life or you know most of
their life they're going you were a
teenager when I met you yeah but I had
my point is that I had a lot of
experience before then so I couldn't
knew what I liked to one out not too
many okay mm-hmm but they'll put that
little dress away pull on your skirt
well I'm not pull down your skirt like
going out with somebody you have to
experience what you like what you don't
like thank you ones like this guy
because I had so many boyfriends who
were like ah he's mushy but they were
like hassle and like now I know with
that that's how you find out what you
like yeah now I know that I'm never
gonna let anybody treat me that way
anymore you know and then when I met
Jonathan and he was like the complete
opposite he never treats me bad badly
ever or like lets me make me feel the
way that those people way we deal I know
that he's the right person for me but I
wouldn't have known that like I would I
just seek not for granted if I didn't
know
guys look what I got right this is their
the thing that I won yeah Alice bad news
for you can't talk about that that
starlight faces she can't talk match
starlight business now on to the games
okay let's talk about the cake you guys
you guys well yeah
it's from a games Arlen's it's awesome
but look I won something I went out in a
Twitter competition you decided now we
cannot go and I know mama said all I had
watches the videos hi I'm really sorry
but we cannot go to your house until the
detox is over because your house smells
so good and Emma's gonna bake a cake
you're gonna make a roast chicken dude I
don't guard it so I'm sorry your house
is off-limits till Saturday bye
aha mom look at that
cheeky that we caught your xbox or your
PlayStation 3 games in HD winter games
it's going to become even more awesome
guys so if you want to keep an eye out
for Sam
obviously I haven't got their component
cables bummer because you are I forgot
to get them on the way home and now guys
- I don't have the energy to I can get
them
but I'm maybe on like Friday or Saturday
or something I mean on Friday cuz
that'll be the third day of Disney
coughs maybe like on Saturday so it
might be Saturday night or something
would organize him a big a sort of
online game thing we'll set up a lobby
on I don't know like quality because
everyone has Call of Duty maybe a
zombies or something or I don't know
some fun sort of thing and I'll record
it all okay so it's 5 o'clock so I
reckon we should have the h2o right now
you should get the right idea okay so
the h2o detox what do we get we get a
inch of raw beetroot half an apple only
a half an apple oh man
an inch of pineapple and lemon 3/4
leaders of water and a sports bottle or
flask I'm not sure about that part there
but okey dokey this one slightly
different guys cuz look I have to put
750 milliliters water in first right and
then I put all the fruit in so you
actually make it big see actually have
to drink 3/4 of a leader which is 750
milliliters so let's get this
you come and check that everything to
you but that doesn't seem right that's
just for you juicer that's the only
things be done congratulations except
your excuse my lady but cz like it's not
seem right it just seems like a lot
good morning I thought it speak what we
both thirsty for am for hours and
something there it's like nine o'clock
now this is really because it looks like
so yeah it's ignite o'clock now so am i
whims guys oh man just before I fell
asleep there like it's getting tough I'd
be honest like it was really getting
really hard like I would murder a pizza
right now or something you know
pac-man is so difficult like if you're
gonna do this like you are going to want
to quit third I don't I don't care if
your heart killer is willpower son of a
gun
you're gonna want to quit this do you
wanna go outside we'll go peepees no
okay you know cuz it is really tough but
boo misses it guys I'm gonna make
another it now it's time for Beyond
detox that's the one do you have here
that he suggests because oh you've done
hot water this morning to detox - detox
the HDL and to be on detox which is this
one here now and and then hopefully I'm
going to eat that I bring that and then
about three hours I'm gonna try and go
back to sleep for the entire night don't
want you tomorrow and start the process
again I got feet I feel good but oh man
just my instincts are all meetings
things it's just like just to drive the
test go get a pizza or something you
know it's it's really tough cuz I think
you just you can't keep in your mind
like all the season
now it's time that I have now it could
be like munch and I don't waste my munch
in time or am I wasting this day by
eating and that's like crazy why are you
bringing tell you that you're wasting
your day because you're not eating
sweets and cakes and tea and fudge I can
have them anytime I want
but she's for three days don't have them
and then all of a sudden your body's all
right wait a second now it's let's we
discussed those j'son's like nobody I'm
sorry
I'm putting a stop to your shenanigans
shop your shenanigans all right I'm
gonna make some juice I will catch you
guys tomorrow when it's probably going
to be even worse it's probably getting
even harder like just to be like I have
yesterday yesterday I had food solid
food not much but I have a little bit
that's holding me over let's get it
tomorrow I'm gonna be in the middle of
like a day gone and a day to go tomorrow
is going to be insane hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the ciccone Jolie's and dont forget to
like the video and favorite the video
because there will be and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation you just click
that yellow button
hey you be the kind of person that likes
who likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
baby or a gentleman that likes to be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the stolid channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check me out at Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
saucony we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society that didn t be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos not see you guys tomorrow
