morning campers you guys can't press
today's unit so my I say that one of the
best comments ever left on the vlog ADIZ
was left by 80 people yesterday who
suggested this you suggested putting a
fire into the thing and then plug in the
thing in its that way I don't actually
have to wash it thing what a pretty
little actually you know all the stuff
ends up best ever idea when I read it I
was like oh my god that's life-changing
awesome high five you attend high five
you and if I know what high five
everybody
I was thinking of doing like their
cleansing the Master Cleanse the one
that the guy has in his book we lost the
book there we go
dude here yeah Jason Vale one them that
he has the answers three days now it's
only three days like like it's broken
down into what you know it has a full
shopping list and I'll sing in 33 days
it's pointed out because he says like
you know first thing to do
make sure you've no food in your fridge
because you will you know try to give up
and eat loads of food then it's like um
make sure all your friends and family
understand that you're going on visiting
yo you might want to be around people
all the time it's probably like it's low
grumpy baby and there's like um you're
also probably going to sleep a lot but
don't fight it it's good to repairing
your body and so far I was like what I
just do it like I really love to em see
what that feels like you know to really
clean a citrus that's something that I
think I'm in the last comments people
got confused with like this is not some
sort of weight loss fatty now I'm trying
to do here and Anna is not involved in
this Anna is not trying to lose weight
at all in the slightest like if you just
go back to the last few days and look at
the video like at no point is I'm not
participating in any of this juicing
action this is me you know this because
you know about a month ago I said that
you know I was a little unhappy that
might you know I've got a still gut
thing going on and you know I feel like
I could probably be healthier I feel
like I'd be fitter and you know I want
to I want to be cleaner I want
just you know a healthier happier person
and you know for me it's like I kind of
remember a skinny bitch like last year
you know read Mac on like it's not real
is that true like you know it's a
healthier and then not thinking about it
and then seeing it somewhere else and
then seeing it somewhere else and
someone else talking around someone else
talking about it and then you know Lydia
our tour was like really hard and their
fruit and stuff was thinking is there
something to die like in Atlanta Indiana
made her videos talking about you know
her husband being sick and then she
didn't I was like it doesn't really make
a difference like is it really actually
a healthier lifestyle not specifically
about weight loss or anything like
that's obviously a byproduct because I'm
no longer going to be polluting my body
well you know but a little bit Lutins
but that's why I was like whatever I
went hardcore what if I didn't
experiment you know I just you know
maybe if you guys are curious - why
don't we actually like to do this I
think it'd be kind of interesting to see
like how does it make you feel
afterwards so I does it actually make a
difference all right let's eat day 1 day
2 day 3 that says you'd be having like
you know just to see yeah
what actually it does like you know it
doesn't sound like the most point of
singing from world where them that was
not supposed to happen like that but
that's what you can't wearing a wedding
ring when you're top of the counter
right let me get down to work let me get
down to creating modules where look at
this cool place guys it's a new walkies
look at this place it's like a scary
forest I have felt that like ever since
my um my juice like if you feel like I
don't know I wanna climb a mountain and
meditate or something I don't know you
feel like I want to be one with nature
come on you know let's go on a hiking
trail what's this here oh look you're
gonna go to the scary road but you're
not so scary road it's very rainy
what's up guys we just filmed the first
sort of demo sample of a new sort of
thing that we're working on there's a
new channel it's called youtube.com for
a stroke analyst Taccone and it's gonna
be all like for a fashion and
stuff like that for them it's going to
be a little different they're going to
be like super short videos unlike a sort
of style and fashion and stuff what we
shoot do a little promo today just to
sort of test it out for that yeah keep
an eye out for that coming soon coming
soon to a YouTube near you in this
gracious great balls of fire I don't
think we should go up there into the
forest because to be lesser if we say oh
god oh my god is getting so heavy now
what if we run to the forest look we can
go to the trees there and we can you can
be lost in the forest
oh cool look looks like you've already
been there let's get lost in the forest
won't be far as people guys first years
is way better
he's getting away lazy he's a lazy lump
a lazy lump of dog okay it's getting
very muddy but let's just get in very
more delicious here oh god oh god oh god
oh my goodness you guys hear that look I
know that it is really heavy into the
forest guys deeper into the first it's
the only way we'll survive whoa look at
this what's this oh look we found who's
gonna ancient relic or something like
that
you think a chef I you're a total nerd -
nerd tastic like me you know - a pie is
hubby come on exam it's we if you want
to dial Abydos you're gonna need it
although of course if you're cool and
you have like the ninth Chevron you can
you can go onto the onto the ancient
ship you know no personally I don't
actually have in mind Chevron device I'm
I'm actually back in the old eight
Chevron the way it's like spongy ground
when you're in like the forest she has
ever got that spongy ground oh my
goodness look at this really spooky in
here I was like a tentacle when we came
alive are you going wait for me don't
leave me here
come on slowpoke ha I got the slow dog
come on come on let the girls beat us
sure you thank you Oh Natalie I love a
mountain I wish it was like a mountain
near here it's a point I'd seen it just
like runs along jumps over everything
doesn't stinking doesn't like take
anything you know it's like where are
these more like Oh Eddie wins the race
that slow and steady
oh goodness there's that one guy the
blast everyone come on he'll be nice
everyone good boy are we we're like lost
in the depths
the depths of the forest Oh big jump
this is really cool here though isn't it
I don't know which way to become oh my
god
which way did we come guys oh my god
it's okay we found their way home so
Anna is doing my thingy bobbins thanks a
lot there's my as my thing that's this
is all I have to eat for the next three
days this is it guys okay already so we
need to buy 20 apples three lemons
yellow pepper cucumber broccoli large
small B fruit two pieces of ginger
vinegar avocado quarter cup of
blackberries two quarter I always was
used by like a box a pound half a kilo
of spinach when I had a half a kilo is
spinach I supposed to do um so I wish me
luck guys I'm on the program car to
tomorrow you just like I'll be kind
I'll come into the room I'm sitting
there in a box of chocolates it's gonna
be tough I figure it's gonna be tough
and you guys said this before is it
tough okay right let's go twenty ample
God whose type a person again
biggest yeah there's seven seven piece
okay earning I've ever even eaten
avocado on alone two of them how many
pineapples
oh one for pineapple that one looks good
and eight cucumber cucumber over here
broccoli now I don't understand it's at
like
three stems what's his stance he gives a
whole one at em yeah okay yeah cucumber
blueberries to marginal pineapple
spinach natural yogurt yellow pepper
three lemons lemons Oh pepper when
yellow pepper awesome
we found a section of locally produced
so it's probably much better
probably one right here somewhere
one pan
that's way more yeah it's gonna point
five right sandwiches one bag going at
one bag then
course you get to get little over
okay yeah that's a lie still it's all
fresh look moving at the cucumber which
is from like a local farm it's way
better suppose everything is like fresh
and local okay who's the bearish how
much goes to get them where they come
you got parsley and ginger so we need
now is the lemon yeah
and Howard yogurts and here it is guys
this is everything that I'm going to
have for the next three days on my
cleansing program like all of this
goodness this is it like the spinach
pineapple cucumber ginger lemon like oh
goodness like all of this I'm not
looking forward tomorrow morning for
breakfast it says let me have a look
tomorrow morning for breakfast javis on
the menu is half water with a slice of
lemon oh yeah it doesn't kill doesn't
look like a show let's just leave it
there forever it looks really nice when
people come over you like just I'm just
preparing a snack this is the juice I'm
making today I'm putting all of this
into why didn't you and that's sleeping
for three days yeah initially it'd be
like a lot of zing zing Zang so um if
you guys want to stay stay up to air if
you guys want to stay up to date and
then touch what I'm gonna do is on the
joker's channel for the next three days
I'm gonna put up a video every single
day but it's going to be like very short
like two three four minute videos max of
just like how I'm feeling because I know
that some people are curious to what if
we like to do a Master Cleanse and you
guys know me you know you've known me
for last year and a half I like to eat
pizzas I like to eat nanos I like to eat
sweets I like to eat Nutella folded
pizzas wit Nando's baked cooked deep
fried and eaten that's what I like I
like coffee more I like all those things
and this is like this is hardcore sort
of detoxing you know and I'm gonna try
it I'm gonna try and do it um it's gonna
be a it's going to be an interesting
three days I tell you
Fritz particular it's full
to the brim of fruits and vegetables
which is a change but a nice change
I must admit but I can't find anything
of mine so let me get my tomatoes too
many apples okay so I'm gonna show you
guys how I'm gonna make my healthy wrap
I'm not that I'm gonna try not to touch
Jonathan his own and I've been stashed
because that weighs me to an argument
tomorrow when he is super cranky and
he's like where's my celery so yeah
are you laughing at me I used to imagine
that happening tomorrow he's like
anyways so I am going to make this
pretty healthy
it's the vegetarian wrap as well cuz I
told you guys I'm like Oh gagging it's
it's all just meat oh yeah I do like my
new top I think it's really cool I did a
video on it actually so let me get my
water and what I'm gonna do is take a
wrap this one is you just stay there
okay
okay so you take a wrap I know it's not
a whole meal anything as long but like
hello we have to live a little okay so
these are the Tesco like choices wraps
they have less than three percent fat
and face it so take one of these then
I'm using this is also this is like an
ad for testicle so I'm using um the
mellow creamy soft goat's cheese also by
Tesco and it comes in a cute little
table like this Oh golly
so that's what it looks like okay and if
you never tried goat cheese before well
then you should because it's really good
and it's good for you as well so I'm
gonna take a night we're gonna spread
let me show you if I can
we're gonna spread and what I like to do
is try and keep it in the middle because
I'll show you how I fold us in and this
is by no means like the right way to do
it or anything it's just my way of doing
it so that's probably you know lose that
back over okay oh God
my finger is in the way all right now
hopefully Jonathan will edit this up and
make it look pretty snazzy because I'm
right now it looks a bit but there we go
now take a tomato and a nice not slice
yourselves cuz remember what happened
last time so I usually use half a tomato
you can use more if you want to because
I don't know I'm using cucumber as well
so I'm not gonna use that much but chop
up your tomato I'm trying to be really
careful here and I'm gonna try oh god I
hate chopping Tomatoes because they're
little juicy bits come in alright so I
try to do that as neat as possible but
it didn't really work out okay so put
that all in your wrap again you want to
put it in the mill I don't know if you
guys can see that see so now we're gonna
take some cucumber and I usually take
like five slices or something or four
thick ones so like really thick cuz I
like it chunky and then cut them like
into quarters so they're like small
just put them sure Hey
so now I'm gonna take some spinach this
is baby spinach I think yeah and this is
good because it's got iron in it so if
you don't eat meat you should eat
spinach so I'm gonna really layer that
on so like I said business perfect for
vegetarians um it wouldn't work for
vegans because it's about goats cheese
in it but you could probably put hummus
or something okay so this is how I wrap
this is how I wrap my wrap how am I
going to do this yeah okay so I'm hoping
you can see but I try to keep everything
in the center all right so you take this
right here you fold it and then you just
wrap it from this side to this side now
I know that this part open you can close
that over if you want but I usually use
it leave it open cuz I'm gonna be eating
this anyways pretty soon so just keep it
like this get a plate and that's what it
looks like it looks like a little pocket
Jonathan actually taught me how to wrap
like that yeah almost on a state but you
can see what it looks like I'll wrapped
up that won't stay but it will if you
hold it and eat it I know it's probably
not the most professional way it's
probably not the most professional way
to wrap a wrap but it's my way and it's
Jonathan's way as well Tommy so I hope
you enjoyed that little tutorial I'm
gonna eat it now cuz I'm restarting hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because
ah and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just keep that yellow button
it if you're the kind of person that
likes to uh likes a bit of computer game
you don't forget to check out my
winfield games channel and don't forget
if you are a lady or a gentleman that
like be stylish at all times don't
forget to check out anna's dostala'
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out at Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at aniseh ponies we also have a
Facebook page where you can post your
pictures or you can just basically put
anything you want down there because
that's where if it's a community page
you can also go to our friend pages but
until our friends pages fill up because
of course Facebook society that can only
be a limited number of friends thanks
again for watching videos and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
