okay it's frozen in the house poor
little me needs to stick guys for little
neaten he's a sick now what page was
around then all the gang there you just
wanna stay here today guys when I go to
the gym but she found one has strawberry
one how's your finger today okay we're
actually day two and we've come up with
our own concept now I will gonna make
this on the I drove this channel if this
actually works out so try strawberries
okay one apple two apples because the
two of us one orange each so we get an
apple each and orange each five
strawberries each we get a banana
each where are the bananas I don't know
and we get a handful of spinach an idea
where the bananas are I'm gonna get you
a table
oh yeah nice all right ease let's get
all this in here and make a tasty juice
okay so we're calling this the five a
day okay because we worked it out last
night so five strawberries one orange
one Apple one banana and a handful of
spinach this is what we've got it will
call this the five a day so we're gonna
make two juices with this it's not
really cool though isn't it a five a day
I don't work today we could add that
like I think was like that's like one
two three four and five it's not really
cool so cool open taste day probably
well alrighty is everything is peeled
and ready to go in the machine the marsh
do you know what at peeling an orange is
a lot trickier than it seems
normally I wouldn't eat an orange if I
just made it all white like that but
considering I'm just gonna juice it it's
okay it's okay all right let's get down
to business
okie dokie seven look-sees I was looking
a big glob of banana that sort of
escaped ah look at that mushy mushy
goodness well it smells me different to
the one yesterday cuz there's so much in
it we could do banana dough depend on
it's kind of mushy in there like no no
I'm sure that's if you guys know a
better way to do the fan on us like it
says the recipe just plop them in like
but I don't know maybe that's it like
maybe that's it
it's just funny cuz it's kind of mushy
so it's in mushy in there you know but
yeah maybe that's what you need frozen
bananas okie dokie well there's our
little experiment look they're always at
2:00 a.m. liquid way it's like laurels
because I like some of it sink
summarises you know wouldn't
glassy sea moss morning miss the light
then I make chocolate milk by mistake
this look like chocolate nut yum yum
yeah tell me give this a bad boy shot oh
whoops
that's fine you dripping mmm tasty you
can taste like the orange hmm George is
really strong now frozen there be a lot
colder surprising it actually saying we
have horizons the fridge defrosted it so
wake you up you know what you drink a
coffee in the morning you feel like this
stuff was like my eyes are like
whitening right now yeah much more of a
wickiup hit from the fruit thing you
from the coffee that's crazy
imagine someday in the future I won't
drink coffee that's just crazy talk
I actually figured out that if you
actually hand wash it because I wanted I
wanted a reduced later on more I'm gonna
try more a vegetable II type one later
on but I was like if I put it on a
dishwasher it'll take too long plus I
gotta use a dishwasher you think it's in
a hand washed it and actually this
little scrubber thing that comes with it
I tell it just for like for fruits and
vegetables but it's actually for
watching this it's actually really easy
and it really cleans really well so it
took me like about maybe three minutes
to wash the whole thing down so I think
I'll just hand wash it now
cuz it's much faster plus it's more
efficient because I want it again but
I'm let's blow this joint go to the gym
I was actually considering on my phone
right I have four linkin park albums
okay but if you guys have Linkin Park
you'll know that every now and again
they come out with a sort of a baladi
something about it um but it's just the
instrumental and the piano itself in the
more so I hate when I'm in the middle of
like you know 15 20 minute and I'm like
you know in an email it's like like what
are you doing what are you doing
like trying to bloody fast past 40 girl
happened do today when day when all the
song the Lincoln when it got to all the
album's because I never go back to the
start I was just paused and then I
obviously had played through all of the
album's and it came to the end of the
album and then I had to put our you know
I convert that because I wanted as a
ringtone of my phone and then I just
started playing that like I was like
what the hell that was kind of good
alright let's blow this joint
that's probably is joint it's get out of
here and wrong room I think you
definitely kind of feel a little bit
different like I know you probably this
is probably ridiculous and it's probably
all in my head but my body feels a
little different you know like when you
drink that and you know after doing that
you just you know you don't feel like
you want other things or so I don't know
use you definitely feel like a little
pinger or something like definitely
yesterday after drinking that juice you
know when I was working away I felt like
I look different like him my body was a
little bit you know hard at the start
like going like what the hell is this
you know and it does feel a little funny
you know but then I have to feel like
I'm energized right now so I'm not
hungry
but then I haven't eaten what I'd
normally eat so you know it's like
you're confusing but it feels good like
it feels fresh and it feels clean so
it's a pretty clean oh my goodness oh my
god I worked like a workaholic guys whoo
I am pumped up and it's raining it's
horrible but I am pumped up I have no
idea where all this extra energy came
from 1s is because this is like the
third week now and my insurance is
started kicking it now my fitness levels
of have raised himself a good bitten off
by them oh my god I was like some sort
of an Iron Man like 30 minutes
I beat I'll get a new personal best in
terms of distance because they always
did the same 30 minutes like they did
over the 2k you mean it takes you 30
minutes 1 2 K you get on an elliptical
for 30 minutes at a constant rate and do
two kilometres okay so I'm tougher than
it seems because we easy we easily
walked UK in like 10 minutes but like we
not elliptical different like elliptical
but he asked me to pride myself like you
know making strides and then I froze I
was like I'm full of energy I can end it
like I did like I like it it's gonna say
it hasn't meters but it is it hasn't me
just cuz when we do 800 meters 8,000
meters in the pool which sounds quite
excessive was I was accessible Sam I'm
gonna Tesco because every lane to the
pool is 25 meters so a thousand is not
that much but why are we going to test
all cuz I need to get some num nums oh
my goodness I am pumped up I knew it was
this crazy fruit thing or the cards last
night or something out but oh boy whoo
yeah okay now I'm gonna get it and I had
the juice when I get home so what kind
of juice
do I need now after my workout to fill
myself up I'm not gonna do a fruit one
and I put a little bit of fruit in
because wow
sweetie I was thinking of using carrots
but then you know I heard that I'll turn
an orange I've ate too many carrots so I
don't wanna be orange II you gonna be
aren't you
would you still love me if I had orange
salary crunch go okay what next that's
what I put in it
Oh for our ID peppers normally there's
something more hardcore
yeah okay
they're all the same
get the IRA phone what else should we
get what about a fresh raw steak and a
pizza and some French fancies oh
goodness
this is my plan I'm going to narrow down
today right I'm going to eat a chicken
on her pie from kully and Sully okay now
this is French organic produce it's
quite expensive but it's fresh and it's
as healthy as possible but it's the only
thing I'm going to eat that's actually
cooked today everything else I'm gonna
have is raw but I just I'm not ready to
go full on yet you know so like I'll
have one one cooked meal one cooked meal
a day so you know a lot of people are
saying why don't I just go and eat the
vegetables or eat the fruit hole and all
that kind of stuff but like you know it
might be easy for you to eat vegetables
are the eat fruit whole but to me I've
never really liked it you know like if I
have like a non-being sandwich or a
salad or somewhere I just don't get any
fulfillment out of it that was the idea
of using the juicer because I kind of
like the vegetables when they're juiced
that way I'm actually it's better
nothing isn't it because before I was
getting a zero a day now I'm getting my
fiber day I'm eating loads more fruits
vegetables and raw food rather than the
movie tried beforehand to do this
actually roughly thing and it completely
failed because I didn't juice anything I
tried not to eat all the products whole
I'm like
although is veganism and all that kind
of stuff close enough to it but I just I
just didn't like any the texture and I
didn't like the change in the food where
is this way it's much nicer it's just
it's more convenient and it works for me
I should say that I'm you know some
people in Commons always say to you you
know and this this not even in Commons
this is just in general life you know if
somebody if someone sets you and you
want to do something for example like I
bought the juicer I'm making cheese some
people like oh that's total waste of
money because you know you're never
gonna use that and that's when you're
gonna last a week or you're gonna quit
or if you want to get fit and people are
saying to you like all you're never
gonna do it or no matter what it is
people will always be good we grudge you
and try and tell you that you're not
good enough and you can't do it and you
know that's probably more like the
person who's saying it knows that they
don't have the willpower to do it
therefore they can't handle the fact
that you're willing to do it and they're
not doing it therefore they're going to
tell you that they can't do it but you
know all you have to do is look at your
own track record and that's one thing
that you know I've always definitely had
is a really good track record of saying
you know I may be lazy
yeah I'm lazy upon my hand obviously I'm
lazy but I'm lazy and intelligent and
when you put in the laziness and
intelligence together you could be
pretty darn get a lot of things done you
usually you use your intelligence to
find out simpler and better economic
ways so therefore you get the same thing
done so you can say like oh you're just
being lazy you know use juice and a
fruit and bread but I'm using my brain
and thinking well do for productivity
purposes I don't want to eat there the
fruit and veg but therefore if I just
choose everything therefore I found a
better way of beating myself the fruit
and veg and stuff and
in terms of my track record if you go
back to in the vlogs and we became when
we tried that vegan thing and that you
know I'm okay Aryan things that didn't
work for me like is it like if what what
I did do is at that point we did that I
gave up dairy and I still since that day
have not gone purposely gone out and
eaten dairy I don't know like yeah I've
had yogurts and I'm sure you know I
probably had some dairy in my system
indirectly to baking or something but I
haven't like I haven't purposely bought
any cheese or anything I miss cheese I
love cheese I wish cheese was still in
my life she's come back to me but I
haven't actually gone and done and
that's the whale parrot I possess and
that's what I always do to myself once I
prove that I can do something when
people give you that negativity when
people tell you cannot do it all you
have to do and say well if it's okay
that you say that because I know my
track record and that's that's one of
the videos I did which is like don't lie
to yourself which is like if you lie to
yourself and you convince yourself you
can do something that you can't do then
when people tell you you can't do it
you're gonna be even more you know
insecure and bothered by that but it's
all about proving it to yourself and
it's all about the baby step process and
that's what I'm doing with my my carrot
and apple juice followed by this morning
I have my five a day fruit and then you
know I'm gonna have another sort of
vegetable type of juice now and then I'm
gonna go to freakin Nando's tonight guys
and I'm gonna have a butterfly chicken
which is deep fried and all sorts of
crazy stuff but that's no it's not
actually that bad but you know any mean
I'm gonna and people are gonna be like I
can see now we've got it oh my god I
can't believe you are nine knows yeah I
went to Nana she know else I bought
jelly squirms okay I bought jellies cars
because it's all about baby steps you
know and that's that's the process of
actually achieving something like you
know stay strong I love you guys hey
guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the saucony Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video
failure to video because there will be
and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you'd be the kind of person that
likes who likes a bit of computer gaming
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that likes to
be stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the style that channel
if you want to keep up to date with
twitter don't forget to check me out on
act jonathan jolie and of course follow
at anna Saucony
we also have a facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there we get that where if it's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course facebook
society section only be a limited number
all friends thanks again for watching
videos and i'll see you guys tomorrow
