it's about what time is it like three
o'clock or something so I'm gonna make
some lunch
do you see our new juicer so cool and
I'm trying to figure out what this is
for it looks like a huge sorry the
lighting was funny it looks like a huge
toothbrush that's kind of weird
anyways let me just close this one there
we go but um yeah I'm gonna make some
lunch cheese and I think I'm gonna do
bagel with goat cheese because I love
this goats cheese and maybe some
Tomatoes yes some tomatoes and spinach
and what else what else best that's
anything um we have a ton of fruit in
the house right now which is so like not
usual is usually all by like two fruits
because they don't I think we're gonna
go in first of all I think we're gonna
take the dog for a walk because it's a
really nice day outside which is like
rare for here so I think we're going to
take the dogs for a walk and um and also
I think we are then going to go to my
finger and people are gonna be like I
told you so you shouldn't cut things
like that already hurts it's bleeding I
know what their anybod she cut bagels
like that but I I always do it and now
I've met my lesson you need to get a
tissue exactly
if anybody doesn't like the sight of
blood don't look now Jonathan I didn't
know you stupid I'm slicing a bagel yeah
into my hand I slice my finger I know it
really hurts you idiot I know it's my
own fault
but I just like slicing them like that
will you bandage it please it's a real
like deep cut
it's a gosh relax I know all right
where's the bandages I did it on camera
two real-life drama where's the birthday
cake no just get a tissue or something
you know into my hand like that no
vertical
yeah like that put your fingers up here
yeah but that doesn't work yes no it
doesn't hey come on get a t-shirt I
cannot believe you did that you're just
standing there like telling me what I
did was wrong yeah yeah but I already
told you that I knew that and instead of
letting me bleed out what have you
chopped your finger off how would you
play your makeup if you chop your finger
I don't know
exactly can you please lend it to me
getting around to us yeah you're taking
your time right really hurting running
on your top first okay so this is my
lunch
check out my homemade bandage it's just
like a hair tie and some toilet paper
who's gonna help plaster I actually
thought we have bargain masters but
maybe we don't always so this is my
lunch I'm having a bagel with goat
cheese tomato and
and then Apple and BlackBerry's because
we don't have any yogurt usually I would
have Apple and yogurt but I don't have
any yogurt except for my plain yogurt
which that's not the one I wanted I
wanted like the little cups and then we
also have fries and rhubarb yogurt but
that's off-limits to people like me so
bad but you know what I mean it's just
particular about this yogurt and raisins
so yeah I'm gonna have my lunch now oh
yeah a glass of water as well because
you know I'm trying to eat or drink more
water see nothing come on in then I mean
I'll be I'll be okay I'm closing the
door now I cannot leave the door open
because well number one it's freezing
and number two the Flies will come in so
I'm gonna grab my laptop okay so I just
looked out and I saw the car is like can
you see that it's flashing that thing
right there not light it's like the
indicator is on I hope it wasn't on that
means it was on all night which is like
would be bad cuz in the battery might be
dead what happened what what that's from
my mom why turn to suction off what just
happened there dog today I don't know I
hadn't like seen that I hope it oh my
god I'll put the car in gear as well oh
my god is it still working
whew without the battery might be dead
from the life I know how homie would
have been so stuck know every now and
again D ahead lose the suction as we
leave it up for like weeks on end was
like the card is on like a Halloween
special right now oh look my mom got me
this it's so cute when she was afraid
give it to me because I was complaining
about heaven there's all Christmas stuff
at already but I don't mind like buying
stuff I mean that's not a problem for me
but yeah are we gonna go I broke my
finger so I'm gonna go and buy some
skull shop because um just to make
myself feel better you know how early
are you an 8 euros for a tracksuit like
candy why is it a warning though it's a
warning
it says you guys some lounges for the
house Hey look about when hunting
everywhere that my Wellington's do you
like these guys who do you think I liked
a take home a little Hut it is kind of
cool
they should buy them all look much
smaller so I can go into them do you
thinking cords cords in a nice jumper
yeah just watch you good stuff here hmm
that's nice
I love coming out like some on Keaton's
are Pena's advantaged by like tons of
stuff it is like so cheap and it's a
cost obviously as long but it's good
enough though isn't it look at these
crazy slippers it's so cozy won't they
I mean I've talking to myself that
happens quite a lot always abandon me
it's okay I'm used to be working again
I'm talking to myself on top of do you
guys see this stuff this is the kind of
stuff you always end up wearing on a
Christmas day that you're your
grandmother or something buys you and
then you have to end up wearing it like
you've left me again
what George funny about this shop though
it's like there is no actual sizes
whether it's just like small medium and
large necks right that's it like it
doesn't tell you waist or width or
dimensions or anything just like small
medium large hardly any small thing
there isn't because it's a warning Nina
warning this is my goodness guys check
this out right
look at this Hot Fuzz five euros Gilman
dummer six euros what do you think that
hock words if they actually cost more
because it's about like five years newer
then they're dumb and Dumberer goes to
shortlist rink over Harry and Lloyd
that's not Harry was it Lloyd
Dumb and Dumber yeah it's a highly
annoyed sacrilege sacrilege sequela
Busha actually going around in circles
right I walk in and crap all these
clothes off the rack and I'm ready to go
we Ono and asked to walk around and
around the whole shop about 30 times
scrap it go okey-dokey
so salary
yeah oh I thought you just didn't care
yeah she would just be tired not for
yeah I see we watch the video of this
guy Dan the man and he was saying
clothes worried that when all that went
crazy and the first one like you think
was disgusting and never do it again
so he suggested starting off really
really slowly carrot and apple he said
was the best thing cuz she can't go
wrong with Karen Apple and then
eventually get your brain cuz something
still like your GI tract is full of like
crap that you normally eats and then to
sort of get a you see eating raw food
and stuff but I'd like to slowly sort of
get the idea because it's gonna be
craving for obviously like you know then
almost sort of pop salts and all that
kind of crap so I don't mind eating oh
yeah whatever then I don't really mind
oh no I like eating them I don't give a
crap what gz1
oh my god these are the best cards ever
seen look yeah but does that mean
they're like super fresh punch cards
so cool like that must be like secret
fresh ones what's the interruption like
I'm not buying this carriage
unless you got the fresh ones there but
I don't know I kind of like the idea -
Rudy ones yeah I know but that's
obviously they're like super fresh
could you brothers of Ireland Irish
parents that's something if this works
out really well maybe in the next few
years from that when we get our house I
don't grow my own stuff I mean LVM I
think that's the future you know we need
a these are plenty things for flavoring
or something no okay so I heard that
nuts are supposed to be really good and
the guy was saying he loads a nuts
so the Christmas means nuts are out he's
okay but not too nuts right now yeah
okay
tasty I'm starting off slow hey I'm not
ready to go straight into like I don't
know crazy nuts and then we'll start off
with like fun nuts or work away is it
okay give that a go see how you feel
about that one how's that is it
okay let's see how I feel about this one
oh way lighter crazy person then you
guys ever done DM the juice dad like
cleanse detox cleanse the full GI tract
GI cleanse I was saying there is like
it's definitely something I would
actually try like for one week to try
like 100% like raw food you'd have to
have like you'd have to you'd probably
have to eat like a lot of stuff like you
know you'd have to be having like
because you want to get all like the
protein and the veg and everything in
and like not pure fruit though like like
fruit and vegetables like you know and
make sure stuff but I think yeah I think
like I'm not gonna try it this week
because I haven't even made one yet but
I definitely think it's something kinda
chinos a deafening is something that I
will actually definitely give it a go
maybe like maybe not execute a week
after something like that but em
I definitely like to try that cause I
know you just hear so much stuff about
dislike raw food is so much better for
you then like cook food or mates and
stuff in like Skinny Bitch or all these
different things that I'm kind of like
you know that's what started here it's
like I heard women we tried it before
but I think we tried it wrong because I
think we tried to just eat all the the
raw foods and so it didn't work like in
a tofu and stuff when result like why
this is just too hard but by using the
juice thing um it gives you the sugar
natural sugar energy from like the
fruits and stuff I think which might add
to it I don't know like I might not work
at all like but I'm definitely
interested in them in trying it you know
cuz a lot of people a lot of people seem
to be doing this now and a lot of people
are saying that this is this is
definitely a proven way to be healthier
to fight off a lot of diseases and just
generally to have a better sort of life
and I suppose like if you think about
how we begun as a human race like we
doubt that is all we had like we didn't
process food we never went to Tesco you
know the caveman like I'm gonna cash cow
Punk with the dinosaurs you know we did
just go out and and even the meat that
people did it I know people said I call
me this problem I don't think he needed
so much of a problem I think the problem
might be the processing and the the you
know I mean how what's happening to me
after it's or how what the animal is
being fed during the process of of
rearing a to be slaughtered you know and
then you're sort of you know and then a
problem is there with dairy and the
problem is there with the animal itself
and then you know when fruits and
packaged fruits and want free to stone
because they're like oh yeah we're not
like glucose and sugars and
preservatives and yeah the different
probably tastes nicer but that's not
supposed to be like that so I think is a
combination of all these things and if
you took away all that and stripped it
back to a more natural sort of original
idea you know and when I don't went into
the garden and at that Apple my daddy
got that Apple in Tesco it was probably
a fresh apple that's the kind of Apple
I'm interested in oh poor Nina sick
Seema take care of your mommy take care
of your mommy
how did she did she cut her finger as
well Tina yeah a new track e on guys
yeah it's it look at matches yeah yeah I
know nobody's they didn't say it the
kids it doesn't it this is the Penn
State top
oh oh oh TD our teaching with us all
right here is your laptop money oh
goodness sake oh I'll make the smoothies
for the juices you don't have to make me
one what later but I don't have to make
them for one what should I put in you
guys all stay there okay only know what
I mean guys but I'm gonna film the whole
thing and I'm gonna put it up my ID off
his channel link is here click on my
head click on my head click on my head
click on my head yeah cuz that's the
channel for him doing my sort of ok
weight loss stuff just just help your
life fitter all that kind of malarkey so
I'm gonna put it up there I'm gonna make
a how to make your first Juicy Juice I'm
I totally get it wrong but that's what
I'm gonna go do and it is done guys my
first tasting experiment look of all the
pulp stuff it's so weird cause it's like
dry cuz obviously all the cheese has
been taken out of it but it's so weird I
bet you could probably do something with
that
use some common self something to do
with that and there's the juicing
machine which I probably have to go wash
now but AM this thing everything here is
microwavable microwave it'll be fine the
dishwasher but there it is there like
and there's the other just recording
recording ding ding ding ding ding
myself doing the thing so I'm yeah
check out the other video see what you
think of my first down experimenting on
em guys this stuff
this tastes amazing seriously
you have to try it I use them three
apples and four carrots that was I there
was no reason why it did that I just
felt that like I don't know how this
used tree tree apples and for carrots
does I no idea how much to do and I
think the ratio is right I can taste the
carrot and the Apple but the sweetness
of the Apple is like overpowering over
to the sort of the taste of the carrots
but yet there is a taste of carrot there
but it's like it's really good and it's
good for you all right
nice whoa I've heard a couple of people
saying it the reason they don't juice
anymore is because they bite them and
like give them up straight away cuz you
gotta do the cleanup for them if the
cleaner was not that bad plus them I
wouldn't like having to clean up after
myself put me off really I'm wanting to
do this because you know you gotta clean
about yourself anyway and everything you
do though plus all of this fits in the
dishwasher so that big of a deal you
know but I'm sure does make a mess
alright let's put these back these bad
boys up here let's put these bad boys in
the fridge and that's let's get some
clean and go well that's pretty simple
everything goes into the dishwasher
except for this thing but obviously this
doesn't actually get wet and then the
kids all the pope are used a plastic bag
to empty it all out so that's pretty
simple kind of cool though look at it
weird weird so I'm yeah not much to uh
not much of cleaning to be done actually
at all if it just pops all in the
washing machine and there's actually
dishwasher microwave so I yeah All Right
see then alright see demo hey guys and
thanks for watching another episode of
the saucony Jolie's and don't forget to
the video and favorite the video because
there will be ah and if you want to
subscribe to the channel it's totally
free there's no obligation you just
click that yellow button if you're the
kind of person that likes to uh likes a
bit of computer game you don't forget to
check out my winfield games channel and
don't forget if you are a lady or a
gentleman that likes to be stylish at
all times don't forget to check out
anna's install that channel if you want
to keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out on act John and
Jolie and of course follow at Anna
Saucony we also have a Facebook page
where you can post your pictures or you
can just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where that's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of course Facebook
society section only be a limited number
of friends thanks again for watching
videos not see you guys tomorrow
