going down to Jacobs Islands gonna get a
blender gonna let my food and going and
get myself a little bender so we are
going to buy a blending system a device
to the blending blending of fruits and
blending of vegetables these guys here's
my thing right as you guys know okay I
like fruit and I kind of like vegetable
but you have that happy five a day as
they point out the little pyramid or the
bare plate you know if I go back I don't
watch a video played fair thing anyway
so I was thinking if you got like a
Dicer thing you know that makes like
smoothies if you could get all your
vegetables that you're supposed to eat
every day even though it is a school
thing which is like just it's one drink
knock that back and that's it you've got
your vegetable a man every day wouldn't
that be cool because that means that my
dad should be earning my five a day
fruit my five a day vegetables and then
I'm eating the foods that I want to eat
but I'm just like zapping that stuff
into me would not be a good idea I don't
know if it's gonna last or not or what
if it feels do you up I would love you
could I know this is crazy but remember
in the matrix just listen to me I think
when neo got disconnected and he was
sitting inside and the guy handed him a
plate he was like what is this news like
all tastes disgusting but it's every
single protein and every single like
vitamin and everything that the human
body needs to survive without being
excessive and where every mentalistic an
absolutely perfect balance of everything
you need to survive because like even so
boring I can so like I guess all like
you know during the day sometimes like
five or six minutes
oh god sake I gotta make dinner again
like I don't always forget it like and I
don't know I wouldn't say I like I've
got the disorder or something but it's
just like it's on like all do I have
dinner again you know I don't get down
what's your pleasure out of it so if you
can make it sort of a drink every single
day I buzz everything into a thing and
you can just knock that back you know we
ate everything that would be awesome
now I know that's impossible so I know
it's impossible but even just to have
like I love my granola breakfast thing
and then the house is part of a lunch
thing but to have one of these just
every day of like your food and your
bread I think it'd be a good idea if you
some comments if you think it's a good
idea you may leave comments if you think
it's a bad idea which I'm pretty sure
you're going for anyway that's over to
my colleague well it all started because
you're watching
and they joined instead of walking into
you and she was talking about her new to
third
it looked really cool and like well you
have to watch your video because I don't
want to leave
but ya know basically she was just
saying but it's really good for you and
like she
she felt me energized and healthy so
we're not like doing anything
no one yeah the juice diet no but we're
just I think I wanted to certain like I
think they'll be cool I'm kind of more
like I'm different than John has been
innocence that I like you I hate
innovation I like eating fruits and
vegetables so I don't mind eating them
whole like I don't need them to be
juiced for me to eat them but like if
it's for convenience that point
plus you can produce like anything
just potato
I was doing love I liked it there oh
yeah and I have been feeling so like
just I don't know why I've never really
liked me before
like that much but I'll eat it sometimes
anyway
my sister and mommy it all started when
my sister Emma made past up now I love
pasta especially a pen name oh my god
it's my favorite but Emma made this
recipe from the Jamie Oliver 30-minute
meals book and most people will know
what his wife Jules pregnant pasta
no not
but she made it theirs she had had it
before it was really good whatever but
it has sausage in it and I found myself
like me just like giving all the sausage
to like out me
I hate I don't know I just I have some
kind of an aversion to me all of a
sudden
you know you like apple corer but now I
can on dad that like I just makes me
feel sick and yesterday we had I had
which I don't really like chicken on a
bead I knew it but they didn't have any
marks or
chicken and I was like peeing off all
the chicken and I usually like I mean
chicken is kind of okay but I just don't
like it and you thought of me is just
making me feel like
so I don't know it might try vegetarians
again for a while but not like hardware
you know like if I eat chicken
fry or anything and plus I love fish so
I'm probably not going to be rich or
anything my seafood like that but just
for some reason
we're like that wall
even like in Nando's I just don't even
wanna like
so I'm just wondering is that formally
as anybody else
where they just like suddenly find me
disgusting
Mahon points traffic is the evilest
traffic in all of the land because
everyone from that side is trying to get
across there and that's all just trying
to get across there everyone from here
is trying to get up there everyone from
there is trying to get up there and over
there and there but what happens is that
just as the lights are about to change
everybody just like jumps in the middle
of the junction right tonight the lights
are green but nobody can move because
everybody else are stuck in the middle
and then when the lights are bad just
when the lights go red for us to stop
and everybody else moves across if
everybody just obey oh it's green oh oh
let's move an inch whew that was
exciting
whoo we are in the thick of it guys I
always thought though that it was these
people like all our cars in front cars
all the way around cars over this side
but the standards you get a full
indication these cars everywhere every
was just screaming everybody but no
anything I used to think that it was
like the people that would stop on the
Box the spots not know women ages okay
so we're here the better beam word just
better be the best freaking juicer I've
ever had in my life and you denied me
from the best juice to buy my meeting
are you whoa so I was gonna eat
something first of all I'm going to buy
the juicer I feel that's what's gonna
happen here yep so how hard it was to
get that parking space guys the truth is
about five years so turnout there's
actually a couple of
just just a few you know I thought I
might be empty but it turns out to put a
few yeah guys I mean we need like every
film look Lion King in 3d it's like
every film that was made years ago is
just being remade turned into on
Footloose look at this this is hilarious
right
you want to walk over here to all the
films that are available at the moment
okay so to have a look remake remake
remake kind of like a remake fair enough
that's new this one oh poor oh he's a
good director would be good that was
cool
I really want one of those jackets and a
scorpion jacket that he was wearing I
want that that looks like the best film
ever
based on a novel yeah what what do you
want to see like perfect sense
oh my god actually fall asleep while
looking at that poster I'm saying get
some different values from the bago
place today I'm getting chilly in there
thank you choice giving a container I
got it in a wrap as well which is kind
of hard to get your bag over
they are here I don't want even get a
spot there we walk up and down a few
times and I saw someone like Tina their
kid like they're about to leave and then
we prance and Franz like me
okay ladies empty the bagels kind of
full
choy need a bank this place right is
that do not cut the wraps in half like
what the hell do you think this is like
cheating this is Bangkok you never had
the vine chop one like look at that
monstrosity and I'm supposed to just eat
now it's not even chopped in half that's
a mistake guys there's a mistake that's
gonna cost you here it's gonna cost you
doing it my dear guys I have a new
promotional plan for the vlogs right
it's what we do right
see all the computers that are over
there right for my planet if I put two
heroes and all those computers right and
that girl videos on YouTube and I was
thinking if you go onto YouTube on all
our channels and have our video playing
on all those computers so everyone walks
by it
what is that wow that's amazing
the next time you're in some PC store or
anywhere where does the computer left on
just go ahead and put it here it's got
the Tiki channel right to do that though
there's a little girl over there seen a
little girl over there right all our
friends all these like older girls also
the sitting there knitting heroes up in
the odds lectern or I would like to top
it really mean
my god is she actually watching that
thunder oh my god
now which is on their own there now a
better insight avoid Oh
girls of some manner why are you so mean
girl radio you see here's the smoothie
thing but I think that's just for
smoothies and I think this here is the
this here does the job or look because
look at those vegetables and fruit you
know I want to thank you Sanford I think
that's it there Philip Dicer thing look
like it no right no is easy a little
cheesy
that's this one do I make him mixer and
draining there's the only option it's
pretty yeah okay
and you just pop the Apple in there what
the monsters pay for the excess or maybe
appeals them would be futile and puts
them in there and takes the PIP said no
I don't think you love that hmm smoothie
to go there's so much stuff what's that
one food processor but different is it
yeah that's what my mom has just like
for everything yeah yeah you know yeah I
know you want specific juicer like and
that this cuz look at this look it's
vegetable
if you say okay and you guys get juicers
that's it
give me some recipes my god this place
is like completely Christmas fight it's
like it's all ready for Christmas in
here goodness
Keep Calm carry on that that's been that
pillow has been in so many of our videos
I've seen that like every time we come
in here he said timber to Christmas one
when we did the Christmas shopping and
we ran around here I actually looked in
the pillow section I dream by Utah sorry
I bought you a pair of I definitely
looked in the pillow section these are
such like you know when you're like him
you'll be an element when I was younger
and you're tough to buy your girlfriend
something and you just walk into a shop
and you see these things here and you
just go yeah yeah that's the kind of
thing a girl likes just just grab this
one here this one and that one there
that's what you do buy anything pink you
just grab it grab it and go you guys see
des bishop
when signing a book I walked by and I
was like why is everyone coming up here
I think who's that guy now so oh my god
a train if somebody come and tell me
this is the worst day of my life my
entire adult life this is being the
worst day oh my god what is this what is
all this is all this what is that what
do why do you need all this how is it
every time we come here you need
something there's always something
needed oh my phone some sort of a a nice
destruction here
Laura Laura Columbia's put something on
my facebook war subscribe okay - Annette
to be she got like a massive finished
cake oh my gosh
I hope she's gonna send me a slice of
that now fungal rock 60 here read just
you and your sister doesn't count okay
there's me there's Islanders Alberta
Cena
and then Owen John this little kid came
out of nowhere my favorite shop in the
world
I'm gonna be here on midnight right
you're gonna ask what do you want to see
Midnight in Paris I on the other hand
not only see Midnight in Paris me my
maid here hey buddy what's up we're
gonna go home meal and we're gonna go
play the dogs record some amazing
but not enough to kill Isis a new
restaurant opening over there look del
our entire world whatever it's called
but I'm pretty excited when I don't
you guys looking for jobs she will work
there okay and hurry up the process of
opening
MSD
with hanging about here somewhere
probably in the library section of the
cinema reading books sitting here
waiting
are you gonna let sit here if you
haven't got tickets I wish the same like
imagine you actually made a run for
there look II see a girl look look look
she's moving away you if you were to
watch her movements what would they do
if you actually fall on sprinted past
here down glass near jumped into one of
the doors right that was really dark and
then ran down and jumped into the middle
of cinema I didn't even notice too much
you can see him we're making a fourth
time for hiding don't tell anyone riding
over here
nobody either collecting tickets
over there to collect tickets steak you
have and relax I'm sure in your face
pretend we're like we're fools
oh look at stock markets oh this review
of this film is fantastic you are you
know I think I'm - bad
there are no stage
get your knees for sketching I think I
might have seen this
careful careful exposing us
okay well bye everyone enjoy your film
yeah for your film went out me what yeah
I know
whatever no it's not my kind of thing
how many explosions are energy tech
minutes over and I'll see if I come for
dinner okay but no guarantees
thank you that guy's no guarantees
see that is gone I might as well head
into game and see see if there's
anything about my took all my fancy no I
decided to get myself the battlefield
one the first one because the third
one's coming out next week so it might
as well play the first one first just to
get the backstory you know
in devlins they had the Philips
vegetable fruit Dicers smoothie maker
thing right and I saw it on the website
earlier on in was it in Argos and it was
actually 20 years cheaper in Argos same
product Philips bloody bloody blood was
actually 20 euros cheaper so I'm gonna
go ahead and drive over to Argos and buy
there because I do believe it's the
exact same product I don't see anything
different so gamers Ireland I follow him
on Twitter you should check my gamers
Ireland dyi for all your Irish gaming
needs and they had a competition to win
Alison 1 Alice in Wonderland you last
one inland well this is like bad Alice
in Wonderland so it's really scary but
it's kind of like a role-playing sort of
game type of thingy so I was actually
gonna I was thinking like this could be
a really good one to do a plate you are
in win four games because this would be
like awesomely fun and it's like really
interactive and there's a huge story
behind it but it's like really scary
like a girl so am I was thinking about
getting it and then add a competition to
win one and now I was like oh my gosh I
entirely tweeted it alright adn we are
like oh that's me on Monday
how exciting is that news and to top
that news off my PVR because you see I
was waiting for ages to buy one of these
things but then then I heard that they
were making a new version and they're
making a new HDTV or which is like it's
way more expensive but it's purely just
for games it comes with all the cables
and all the stuff you need so I was
thinking why don't just go ahead and buy
that one you know cuz I wanna buy that
one
oh my god whatever lays on me
that's got arrived Wednesday which the
reason I wanted to that one for is
because those of you guys are friends of
me on the PlayStation and sometimes I
played you guys and I enjoy penguin but
it's but I wanted to do some gameplays
where I could record our commentary our
fun our excitement our enthusiasm so I
was thinking we could get like loads of
people together into the one lobby and
then we get all play zombies or we could
all play a game together and I can
record it and upload it and then be like
fairly oh my god
you see would not be totally cool that's
my plan next week
things are gonna expose we're gonna blow
up yo
feel the beat lights feel the rhythm
yeah
Vienna and Calvin Harris
boring call the radio game check out our
bad boy Argos radio alarm drop the radio
and alarms like a clock who's like a
fiver something up but it will do the
job yo forget about that it's gonna be
me I'm just just my breakfast Java's
chooses his breakfast I even know what
to do with this thing I think I'm just
leaving here till Nina gets home mmm-hmm
unique micro mesh filter with
extra-large feeding tubes hmm
you like a good feeding tube a little
bit this is an opening bid guys and
unboxing oh it's huge okay let's just
let's leave it leave it leave it
reverse change minds turn back around
and put it on the town turn back around
and put it on the town awesome
that's freaking Moses do you have one of
them are they of Moses Joseph guys I'm
gonna do is I am going to eat my
vegetables first oh my god oh my God
look at that guy that was like oh my god
that just fell out of the box like that
okay guys you know what time it is huh
it's time to collect money from all
those houses that possibly get a chicken
rose
that means like you've got to come
collect without be awesome PS my mom
made a roast chicken and potato and
carrots and stuff you know the kind of
things that you like that I was like I
don't need solid food anymore i
liquefied my food
all right into sequence I'm a liquid man
and a liquid man analytic man will put
10 all right just want to check on this
thing I bet them cleaning on his laptop
for her I said you today by the 500 gigs
or something in her recycling bin now if
you guys know anything about
defragmenting a laptop it's kind of
important especially if you do a lot of
video editing because fragmented files
are generated when you're actually and
rendering you a cache so I take out on a
laptop now just remember red is bad it's
just let the thing oh goodness oh my
goodness red is bad
blue is good so let's be going for a
little while already and that's what
it's done so come on guys let's go let's
get down right here oh I just got mad I
got fed some food it does take people
what are you doing Ukraine whoa holy
crap where'd you get this thing
badass CD is that a real place now cuz I
made up my CD and you guys ever seen a
little shop of horrors
just as I recall it was a horror film
I'm very just talking about that my aunt
was an actress and she was in it and she
played the girl know why we go with that
oh yeah because they got they got a plan
here that apparently it like viciously
tears apart and hunts down spiders and
everything she doesn't want to see it
it's like really scary but that's it
there it's kind of anticlimactic because
I was like what's it called again
Douro grocery grocery a-- phyrexia
i don't know but it's kind of climactic
I thought it was claiming like a Venus
flytrap or like from the Little Shop of
Horrors you know but no it's just some
crappy thing with a little spikes on it
boring so emma has outdone herself once
more but some lovely young this in your
blog is it
oh this isn't even on the blog guys
mm-hmm needs a little bit of this little
bit of Monica in my life that's up yeah
Eric is gone to get seen at a hair band
cause Tina's sometimes can see push your
hair down normally so you can see what
it's like normally okay calm down
that's what it's like Nora Xena yeah I
know so we're gonna get a hair run cuz
I'm trying to let her hair grow out cuz
you guys remember when she got the paint
in her hair and we have to like chop off
lumps of bush but now I'm trying to let
it go out so I can get her cut the same
way I'll be this nice little parking
okay I'm excited on me yeah good let me
see let me see
it's not on her yet oh I can see that's
okay how you don't need one let's get
some fruit for our washing machine the
washing machine what are we putting our
first one
I suppose so it's just like right when
you say it celery just that the fun just
seems to be stopped out of it what about
like bananas we can free the bananas
okay an apples
I don't know should we look up a recipe
first before we start gone crazy yeah
okay no no you probably right like how
do you juice celery what kind of juice
to get out of it okay I'm just going
from like smoothie recipes
No
with the you don't make the apple into
vegetables right if you have a veg you
want and approve one no freedom back
that sounds good okay
The Pink Ladies probably gonna mess up
the person anyway like strawberries
probably sound good guys now I want I
restore berries not crazy Moroccan
strawberries money against Morocco but I
like my strawberries to be from the same
country I'm actually in that way I know
that they're actually made IRA
strawberries
Oh cut men okay so you get strawberries
bananas and apples attends good that's
nice tasty look at this
like inflectional fridge but that you
actually just eat that you and actually
put that nothing with you alright man
water and melon fruity fingers
although the stuff that's in those
packages probably isn't this good for
you is it yeah yeah they sound right
oranges oh my god like we look like
crazy fruit people quite not like
fruitcakes
oh my God look where well we got tweeted
today look ok I think we have enough
fruit to go let's get out of here
and I hope you enjoy the rest of your
day and thanks for stopping by and time
to Qt outro
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there will be and if
you want to subscribe to the channel
it's totally free there's no obligation
just pick that yellow button if you'd be
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer gaming don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like be stylish
at all times don't forget to check out
anna's nostalgia channel if you want to
keep up to date with twitter don't
forget to check me out at act Jonathan
Jolie and of course follow at
we also have a Facebook page where you
can post your pictures or you can just
basically put anything you want down
there because that's where there's a
community page you can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend page
is still up because of horse neighs but
societies have to know a very limited
number of friends tend to get watch your
videos not see you guys tomorrow
