oh nice and bright and early cannot
believe my eyes I managed to do a treat
or I haven't gone yet but I'm pretty
confident that I'm going to go what I
made it three times this week and that
means I did the 30-minute run three
times a week that's like 90 minutes an
hour and a half I ran for this week like
so must be making some sort of progress
has to be done yo actually my am I
haven't done an IG office in a while
sell em I might actually do the whole
like did a waiting thing all night
because I feel like must have done
something this week like it's three
times this week I know like all your
like fitness fanatics like why you know
not gonna because like I saw on
Wednesday you enter sweets well I did he
just meet on Wednesday because that's
what I said I would do I said that I
wasn't gonna change my diet too much I
don't people saying like Oh put your
eyes were like like I don't eat that bad
food like and I don't really eat any
dairy products and I don't really get
any takeaways and we actually don't eat
that bad you know she was a rabid dream
okay you know when I cuz i was having a
nice and i sort of Lisa T sir I've dream
this morning you know I was in this
place the gods of people around and
stuff and you are my job wait look like
haha so turn off the alarm and then I'm
that easy this thing right when I
lighter like okay honey can't attend no
gotta get it sweaty pretty who tries
toes good I just play seconds do the
same thing when I'm trying to get at a
shower is freezing cold I'm like okay 10
more seconds your clothes rising in hot
water like 10 9 hey did you guys see it
but that's not what has been asked I was
going to say is that sometimes when I
mean with all my characters in my dream
you know and its really good lucid one
so it feels you know like you can turn
your arm off and you can just go back to
it because it's it's really it's it's
addictive mean and I say goodbye to
everybody George like okay guys you're
like 542 okay guys I gotta go your arms
get off i gotta go to the gym so i'll
catch you guys later all right bye-bye
and then you open your eyes you get up
or am i a complete lunatic
leave me some comments so I'm not the
only lunatic in the world what's your
ultimate workout it's on guys I think
you know when I'm always at around that
26 27 minute mark and I'm like oh god
are not she got to be honest at 27 min
mark it hurts but you know the end is in
sight I rather like the 20-minute
knowing that you got 10 minutes left and
that's when I always had Linkin Park you
know I'm getting down big get deeper can
open it around I getting down dig it
deeper that's all right haha wait start
if you know like a when it
starts he shuts the door on you guys
like haha are we gonna do this it's like
oh yeah come on as well that's the album
I have the tree Linkin Park albums on my
phone and that's always what I i use
take us I know Linkin Park is good for
the speedy I do what TV show to you but
I don't really have a choice but i hate
the midday one with all its like the
Irish version of the views so now what
really make me push it no it doesn't but
what's really good too what is exposing
because they play music with dread okay
and it's kind of more like energized or
something and then the other one is
sometimes Ellen is on an Ellen does like
a lot of music stuff and hers like
she'll have like dancers or musicians
come in and plus she dances at the start
of hers and always kind of gets you like
a little bit more pumped book I'm not
really there to do that so
I usually keep it the same case but
happy friday to you and happy friday to
you too follow friday when you guys ups
on this friday you guys get a fenton fun
you guys go anywhere get it for party
tonight funny funny and not are we are
we got your party no no I didn't get
invited to a party you can fight me to a
party I'll come to your party no no we
didn't go to Nando's this week yak is
technically we're gum to the gym three
times this week I ran 30 minutes each
time which makes you bitter a winner and
then a winner winner gets a chicken
dinner and to get a proper chicken
dinner you got to go to Nando's his name
is Joe kisses I fam I can't talk okay
it's funny when you go through Jim
enough time she actually get to know
certain characters and certain people
that come the same time as you there's
this ad is this person that's always in
my swimming lane and because I assume
like really fast and I like to like
train in the swimming name which you
like to just kind of daughter up and now
and I bet every time we like we always
like get it like walk up future and like
oh hey you're here and slow like I hate
that guy she comes in every time and
ruined my leisure time I'm like oh come
on oh my goodness finish the origin or
gaze with this this crazy please and
it's just appeared on my hand here like
I think you are I think yesterday
somebody a snooze video when she's
punching me I need that point of happens
then I don't know I gotta get here
that's really sore touches
oh no oh noes ok I don't know how in a
circle
it's really quite Bruce me but let's get
the hell out of here so am a job or get
you alone well if the cool breeze when
you come outside after hard working even
though this is probably be generous
plenty whenever we go through whenever
the days that we actually work out we
always come home and we open all the
windows more like God like the house is
so hot like you know and then in the
days we actually don't work listen to me
you will open that car right this
instant oh my thank you huh I'll he was
about to get a kick in the behind you so
am oh was i saying thank you might pop
them in there so yeah today I'm today is
one of those days we're going to be
really really hot I'm gonna be like yeah
open the window you've gotten and
tomorrow Bernhard I was like you know oh
my god it's so cold in the house which
am definitely if you do not have Keating
like we don't and get yourself a good
workout regime you'll need it I think I
deserve some subway subway come on get
out of my way man I'm trying to get my
shrub way trying to get more subway on
which we see from oh the old turn one
way reverse the other it's a trick it's
a trick people commonly like to use in
car parks to mislead you makes every day
more exciting it's game everyone plays
all drivers play you'll and I came soon
we learn to drive let's go got you know
in two weeks battlefields freeze been
released holy crap ah and two weeks
after that modern warfare 3 Martin off
which we're not going there we're going
to the one in my own point if you guys
going through a midnight opening I'll
probably say this again closer to the
time but if you're going through the
midnight opening of modern warfare 3 i'm
going to the mountain pointe midnight
mountain point is it the nine to the
11th what is this tonight um ano be
there too whoo you can wear the night
vision goggles and I'll have the remote
control car it's going to be an amazing
party man or last remover to gamestop
last year and they gave us free pizza
but then they give me
Spock's prestige edition and Saturday
PlayStation treat you guys remember that
that was very upsetting that was like
the worst day of my life so hopefully
this I went to game this time because
now we're like okay let's go to game
because they may not mess it up but this
time there's no prestige edition there's
only a hardened one I like the toy I
want a toy so eine won't come with me so
I have to go on my own loan you sitting
like that she thinks I'm telling you
guys the reason why she won't come with
me I wouldn't do that it's it's a not a
private matter but it's more of a
personal matter that you may not want to
discuss with everybody so I'm not gonna
discuss it with everybody please don't
run me over thank you for not running me
over no no I'm not looking for a clock
radio one of those cheap o clock radios
because I enjoy the gameplay sometime I
like to keep an eye on the time because
i hate one has to be tuned for one just
glad actually know how long I'm
according I'm gonna get the 1i warrants
anything is small like you said like
this but really big you know so it's
really big and noticeable like some
cheapo so I'm not pretty quit on
something mmm special offer that makes
me very happy that's it job done got
what I came for this no it is at the use
actual card as well like there's no one
else around oh my god great oh my god
that's a let's sneak up on Nina loi
hi come on ya know I was looking for the
clock then have the clock still have it
special offer 20 euros you know I was
thinking about when I was at that sort
of them like when I finished a run like
and you know I thought like you know
catch my breath and stuff when I'm doing
weights or something always like you
know they always daydream and I was
thinking maybe I should wear maybe maybe
this time I should do like 50 minutes or
maybe this time I shoe an hour you know
you always feel like I mean I can you
train him out of the sinking I that
we're watching Lizzie I'm tour a video
and she said that she did the same thing
she was like oh my god I could run like
a 500-mile murder I know much that like
an Iron Man or something like that and
she's like she's like why mothers and
like twister ankle or something but you
do just that on and she's right though
cuz you always feel like awkward you
think like oh yeah huh okay i'm gonna
i'm going to loosen the arm mine and
they're like after like half a mile like
i gotta do what am I done to myself you
ever done that Oh in case you're
wondering we didn't go to so quit
because subway only take cash it's just
so stupid like come on man who only
takes cash subway which is so stupid
cause you always have cards on us with
the whole world cup cards it's like can
cat carrying cash is so like yeah yeah
yeahs change exactly like they should be
prepared just like cash is so last year
right I'm making this you know I love I
don't when you first open the pack when
you get all like the big crunchy bits
like look at the size of that one oh
yeah when he gets the end of that it's
always like dusty bits and on my side
and I like a dusty but so much what are
you making okay go a bagel are you bagel
slicer a big decison a biggest ison a
baby no sites in all their long I don't
even know where the bagel slicer is
anymore we didn't even bagels I wouldn't
eat bagels that much anymore but repeat
this license on that was like our
obsession that was like always tobago
sites and songs jeepers must um what's
do a greatest hits album like golden
oldies
ah time for some freaking I can't do it
I'm like hey my jet laughing who's on
the big balls dude no is actually left a
comment yet about that maybe people
don't watch it yeah the recurrence about
the outro oh yeah you know all i have to
do is press the old X button the outro
is designed guys only to be watched one
time you know when you're watching a
show all right do you ever watch the
credits do you ever watch the credits
hope so I'm sure that we don't skip the
credits in is Dexter cuz it's good but
even not mmhmm yeah mostly like even the
intro right a little bit happens and
then you just skip to the end of the
intro I never watch the intro in any
show and when it comes to the credits
diminutive ends I just click out of it I
never watched it credit yeah yeah so
we're like I think the intro is about
nine seconds skip to nine seconds when
the video ends right hi guys thanks
watches exhale video or go watch another
one I don't mind huh don't get it like a
favorite but like em yeah that's always
the kind of commenting of it like
arguing that I see what eyes me that it
in like like or like it's too long like
feel and it's not just our videos it's
like every shade hearts video that I
watched like there's always so much
drama but like I hate this intro do you
use the other one and stuff from like to
skip it can skip NZ it's only for new
people when new people come along and
they're like oh what's this about that's
Akoni jollity looking dog and then
people oh so that gives me an idea what
this is about 20 minutes later the end
comes they're like oh they have on our
chat they have facebook they have
twitter oh my goodness oh my goodness
gracious males after which
let's tell the legs huh hook up an old
lady's skirt oh my god it's horrible and
disgusting oh I got a turbine disgusting
oh my god it's horrible i'm just
guessing oh I gotta talk about in this
guy said oh my god oh my god it's
horrible i disgust I know I know I'm
temperatures we can we shake on what the
hell I never went into the car I'll take
care of that in a second just ran to the
car go don't know it's your birthday
it's worth a go Nina don't eat it all by
oh oh my goodness where did that rain
song come from Oh what the hell who was
it who has it whose idea was that he
took it sometimes lucious well that
doesn't mean he's in the army maybe the
hunter to be gone hunting he tell us he
took it an army uniform my neighbors are
in the army Oh gurnee run my girly one
we've got no it's like that's like okay
yeah kinda like I need to reposition it
I got a position every that just no no
no the whole thing's gonna collapse in a
moment omigod eleganza drop we need a
little me the camera behind maybe my big
one the cancer may I just put the laptop
on my am see you're operating a high
quality show here okay this is this is
the sale but but you're you're a you're
a camcorder can record like five hours
later yeah as I did our weddings yeah
yeah even though somebody stood in front
of it for most of it okay we must
approve homes get into that right now
hahaha
they're no longer my friends anyway oh
ok no but um yeah so we should probably
do that like we should leave my hand
quarter on the one that I used to film
my stylist view we have to put in your
room far away yeah you have to kind of
know figured it or maybe just have
enough uber level and they'll run out of
frame we tried to take a flint I
remember need to run away has been the
whole drivers no no what happened in a
banana London I thought we put up we set
up the camera and I had just gotten a
new cat a new tripod and I didn't know
how to use it I needed review we haven't
seen yet and what happened was after
their playground with like this like
looking here you know and then slowly
like we were watching it back it slowly
was like like that and that's something
all you're looking at us before remember
telling that London
I actually blocked by this am very
curious learner biggest mistakes whoever
made those when we first thought i'll be
at peace when you can be spoiled
everything like obviously first puppy I
ever had I ever had the disaster so we
didn't we always brought him everywhere
but then we had to kind of wean him off
not because we had to actually like two
things like go grocery shopping and
stuff and leaving behind what he would
like fried old Mike so we left like 42
maybe he just barks like in cries in the
beginning and then he goes to sleep
that's what all the books said and then
so we left my camera filming on a tripod
and it was like like I ever feel like
crying right now is start at the door
and barked Dean like II know I not cry
not far but time and he was just so
upset and it was the worst and both of
us remember you started crying do we
want you to buy so i started bawling
Jonathan started crying as well like you
we were both you like what have we done
like it was so bad and out who is so
swollen about States as well like he was
really like a ball of slaw was like
going to Catholic remember he would like
run around in the circle let's go back
to the try again again all of which is
the worst thing
ever now of course Cena never went
through that she always had a big
brother and then they had each other so
now they're both fine like oh my god no
I just ask God that if we could right
past the gym like here's like why I was
like I was just reading like right past
the gym it's like gay why and it's like
I have to explain for us right when we
were leaving the gym today we saw on
this German Shepherd and like German
shippers are really amazing dogs like I
mean I just think they're like really
fabulous dogs you know they're so big
and powerful and everything and I we
were just heading out of the gym like my
cousins a german shepherd and he was
huge he was pooping and his owner was
like it was so funny it was so obvious
that the owner like have no intention of
cleaning up after the animal which like
you know it's a bigger dog so you really
should clean especially because in the
middle of a footpath but like we never
judge people like okay you know the guy
probably forgot a bag or something but
he he was doing all the thing most a
trick attending a dog owner like he was
like he was looking down he wasn't
making eye contact with us as we were
we're driving it like really close to
the dog and the dogs like sitting there
like full-on pooping you know like and
it's a big dog so there's a lot of poop
coming up I'm owner is like pretending
to reach forward report when we push up
I had no intention of picking up I had
no bags and we were laughing because we
were like oh you know they're you know
we've totally been there like you know
when you forget about it so bars and
you're trying not to make eye contact
with anybody me like oh really he's
cooping I don't even notice yes well
where'd I put that bag and then you just
don't do anything but it was like so big
and like in the middle of the pot and so
I say to Jonathan I was like please go
past here like why do you want to go
fast the day was like
oh and that's so weird like I want to go
I want to drive past the dam to see if
there's any poop there wanna know oh my
god who cares Oh things are the rain is
actually stopped they're actually
getting peed on because the car park is
well for today it was because I'm this
is quite early for us aren't the friday
to normally we like to come up here call
of a midnight adventure time this is a
bit o ok let me go now what to get some
more some new treats for Alvey and see
what honey he's until the little misfits
tangled with you see there's one time
wonky Trump's matters that knacker
sticks stick go with a tangle twistys it
sound good
wonky Trump's looking over Nash's yeah
it looks like they're little ya rahman
boom do this students then what
Oh silly jovis I know and then to a new
home oh yeah yeah definitely they
definitely need some of that I have to
eat it
I say used to eat I know I said I out of
the smell of it yeah I used to have to
find out her guinea pigs I had so many
guinea Jennifer I'm says I'm were kind
of coconuts weird I hate that when you
get like so bored of the same food over
and over again we're gonna be cool of
like tesco like changed all of our stuff
all the time the more probably annoy to
hell out a lot of people but now I'm
just like I'm so bored of eating the
same so I want something different okay
I got my step into safi so my sloppy
jalopy I'm quite happy up I don't like
cheap wise you know cheap Wise Ones me
different i don't know what i want
though I wanted to surprise would you
guys suggest maybe some some Commons for
some treats that I should try and I will
give them a go that would be awesome
thanks bye hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of the saucony
Jolie's and don't forget to like the
video and favorite the video because
there will be ah and if you want to
subscribe to the channel totally free
there's no obligation just click that
yellow button it if you're the kind of
person that likes to uh likes a bit of
computer gaming don't forget to check
out my Winfield games channel and don't
forget if you are a lady or a gentleman
that like you stylish at all times don't
forget to check out Anna's install the
channel if you want to keep up to date
with twitter don't forget to check me
out I act Jonathan Jolie and of course
follow at
cony we also have a Facebook page where
you can post your pictures or you can
just basically put anything you want
down there because that's where is it's
a community page can also go to our
friend pages but until our friend pages
fill up because of course Facebook
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again watch
your videos not see you guys tomorrow
