what's the story with this morning glory
how's it going today fine morning this
time type there this morning let me see
if it's fun fabulous as has elements of
fantabulous
just making some making some coffee
coffee
I gotta do some editing the water
anything the water this is my process
you see the water in the jug thing and
we used to jug oh yeah oh yeah it's free
Angie that's pretty ingenious
how much safe oh yeah almost out of
coffee so any time to use this one here
at Steamboat Oh
all right we're off on a forest
adventure whoa come the first venture so
last time we tried to get to this place
but we could not but I was using
Google's satellite system this morning
and I was wandering around with the
Google the googling movingly Google and
it tells me that it is down here okay
I also I'm not gonna take full credit
for this because somebody commented and
told me and where the turn was and I was
like really
so we may or may not end up at the
forest I've never been here before this
new Museo first time guys first time for
the wind so this is where we always go
for the walk part look right there
here's the cowgirl this is my my close
enough
now now where the hell do we go what can
you do where do we park oh um
David's in here would make more sense
wait a second was it right here oh my
god oh no wait a second this is wrong
the EPA's environmental years this is
this is wrong this is wrong it was going
so right and then it just went wrong
okay guys let's do this let's do this
it's all B's you want somewhere don't
worry
okay let's turn the corner here what's
there in the corner
I hope oh no Oh golly okay Oh golly I'll
become to one
Oh golly it's country life for you guys
and some great supposed to be here but
it's not very clearly marked out that's
the where exactly the forest is guys
it's not very clearly right Oh careful
guys
sticky one of those we could be in a
horror film right now and we just don't
even know it okay
we found something else here guys I'm
not sure than those he doesn't seem as
far as he is the other one I am will
drive up and it's a big road no idea
where this is
how far we now like what's up there
caravans that's all I want to do to guys
but I just don't have any clue where
we've gone to now happy wood ok well
general to court
wait a second
oh my God look what road we decided to
come back to the old stomping ground
guys so we used to live if you're new
you just joined us hey how's it going
don't forget to catch up on the old
videos you still live on this road so
we're gonna part you want Park down here
okely-dokely we used to live down that
way
oh but now we're going in this way we
actually saw one of these houses is on
the market but I really liked that yeah
it's really nice I like to say yeah like
this road nice so we have not been on
this walk in so long guys it means to
come here all the time and he'll walkies
ah brings back some memories
peanut some late night walks from early
morning walks midday walks noon walks
we've got all sorts of walks and it's
all walking think of the memories Nina
we're only dating we used to come here
remember just look at the amount of dogs
that are on this walk like men marry 20
dogs already like me here for five
minutes yeah yeah it's awesome like you
know walkies walkies kind of miss it now
but it was a puppy I know come on let's
go for the drink ease come on just a
drinky hold on here's where we always go
you guys remember even oh yeah yeah pub
is very sorry barnacle II ha ha
barnacles
look at that mist guys that is you sort
of come across it's like a massive misty
area and you guys remember film with
Clint Eastwood called play misty for me
it's like this sort of trailer but she
really good remember catching it one
night and randomly on TV what the
Charlie do he that's the boy he wouldn't
give that to me he overload are you
certainly not given all the applicants
up gave us the Apple underway open it
didn't actually catch it on videos here
so when we came back in a second was to
scoot the skins I was like quit the
house up Shh you guys know it's you know
nostalgic being here I could get my
never get like you know I know I know
do you guys live around this area and
have a garden and are willing to let out
your house to me how many episodes have
there been in this little area here a
little bit like and it's so funny
considering I'll be they're both just
gonna walk along and all of us and they
realize where they were and they just
like they love them some rabid Puna do
I'd love to say with him I come comes Oh
traffic oh whoa Castile appeal ops
Castile appeal ops get some traffic
because we're trying to get some num
noms
don't say anything leave them all calm
and quiet but leave him asleep in the
old car zo mother nipping the supervalue
and pick up some super oh yeah this must
be the slow set in the disco supermarket
because I playing Norah Jones right now
so let's rewrite the slow dance part you
know he's the disco I thought I was
always the awkward party we didn't have
someone with you so you just kind of
sudden decide you're sort of rock from
side to side singing along with the song
this sounds really good guys this one
here it's got a chicken and bacon
microwave for your oven cooking for a
few minutes good meat or decompose oh do
you I'm sorry I'm new to this okay let's
get one of these things here what did
you think you did come put the glove on
Oh kind of weird-looking commander
Michael
faster faster
well I guess I like the local sauce it's
not a cucumber
yeah they just don't think it would be
enough
press Oh probably
got that one
it
copycat I'm try and get this matter see
isn't it weird trying look sure this
thing it's really weird it's like whoa
isn't it's like magnified or something
mmm
tomatoes yum yum yum yum
but you want this right
they should know did she's not one of
those like you know what I was like on
air signs like screaming it's like don't
make announcements when I'm vlogging
okay that would just be really
convenient my mystery can how much is
here 297
mine's 210 I got more more more MORE
hello what's going on
they knew I was about they knew they saw
me take it out and you're like go go go
go now go now
so looking for some pepper look at this
one male makes peppers with spices there
you go guys
told you quick you should swartz or me
under on sports or Mediterranean
Brazilian what do you reckon pepper
I'll just grande pepper but this one you
grind it yourself yeah no we'll just go
we'll go pre ground pepper it's all the
same okay you guys remember ages ago we
got these and Roma sun-dried tomatoes
and I was like you can't put sun-dried
tomatoes in a thing he'd ruin that we
were buying them reaching the first time
not like any time that tastes pretty
darn good
they said quite like sun-dried tomatoes
I just don't know how to get the Sun to
stay inside
the last our dinner making time Deanna
making time look what we got today guys
I'm negocio roast a breast of chicken
you know what's amazing like this look
because it's like healthy food but if
somebody went and made like a proper
dinner and it's already like made it's
not like you can't microwave this right
now so it's actually quite good it has
to be open code because it's a proper a
proper meal Nona 481 calories contains
two of your five a day bacon brownies
she's baking brownies buddies but she's
breaking brownies butters just want a
big little brownies boys oh I'm tired
you guys tired guys tired
talk to me talk to me about your date
tell me about you talk to me I'm here to
listen I'm here for you because of you
to entertain you flux capacitor or
something
what's going on here what's going on
here some sort of a PP activities going
on how can I take out the dinner when
this is here close this back up lift
this back up here go over here open this
up take this out oh yeah oh yeah
give me a comment if you know it the
name of that television show is hi I'm
John and I'm John hey you know you
mention it hurts that starts the first
okay I know you're having a good old
time they're beating me what actually no
it's okay
that's physical beating this yeah I'll
be showing this to the authorities
okay you're my witness guys now I can't
possibly take the dinner out of the oven
and savage do it I'm due dinner is ready
Oh what do you think of that magnificent
homemaking I hand took that out of the
box and put it there so technically I
was like handmade isn't it a B and then
Cena taking okay I'll freakin okay we
don't believe let's eat this up in a
caramel Cup
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Zaccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because they all will be and
if you want to subscribe to the channel
totally free there's no obligation you
just take that yellow buddy it if you're
the kind of person that likes to uh
likes a bit of computer game you don't
forget to check out my winfield games
channel and don't forget if you are a
lady or a gentleman that like she's
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's the stylized channel if
you want to keep up to date with twitter
don't forget to check
at Jonathan Jolie and of course follow
at aniseh ponies we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that's where if
it's a community page you can also go to
our friend pages well until our friend
page is still up because of course a
society that can only be a limited
number of friends thanks again for
watching videos now see you guys
tomorrow
