the morning time workouts that's the
best thing you do in the morning let's
go for a workout just really wakes up
the senses doesn't it
that is another half an hour on the
elliptical thingy bobbins wait this time
we added in weights and 800 meters in
the pool
whoa I am I am pumped
that was leave there with so much more
energy they thought we don't go to the
gym I always have way last times I'm
always like sluggish all Legon I'm not
going to do it and where hips then I
actually like get up and go to the gym
we always feel like pumped whoo I'm so
excited
hi it's like that and I just can't hide
it I know I know I know I want you I
want you now Lizzio is set to go live at
2 o clock times now quarter to two over
at be home in time oh well oh well
although well he got home and then
uploaded which means would be like after
you 3 o'clock so so it was a good move
it was a very good move what is on the
agenda for today guys ok guys just a
turn this tendered I'm gonna sneak up on
audience yeah I want to see what they
get up to everybody so the car off so ok
purchase papers we just parked there it
is who we are we're not number right
there ok now you take me home I'm not
gonna close the card
oh my god
Tina's on the camp where's healthy I got
them I got them they didn't know
I can't believe my Connor I caught her
she was on the couch on the couch yeah
no one was in the bed oh no I'll be gave
a little bark because I think he heard
the car or he kind of he's clever like
that you know but I looked in the
blanket has been moved on the bed again
so someone was obviously on the bed
oh it was Cena yeah she was on the couch
and I looked in the window and she was
just like hey Connor
leave it open
oh that's done do you guys like the new
outer thing oh you haven't seen yet cuz
at the end of this video but yeah I
decided I'd quit one up I take the time
out of my day but I was like I already
wanted one and I was like I don't like
you guys make a few and I was like oh
I'll just go on my lazy bum hole and
I'll go and do it but I took in this
video leave me a comment if you liked it
if you hated it if it made you cry or
did it make you remember to like it
favor the video and subscribe and go to
Facebook okay oh my god my bum bum bum
bum bum what you doing in here wifey no
do you guys have any questions you want
to ask Anna you can't ask them here hold
no siree box on it when's that one's
that gonna add one gmask tomorrow yeah
Oh too late guys
don't forget if you guys want to check
out as a Chloe's channel it's the
skyline if you have some girlies like
why is my hair like this wow oh my god
my hair is gone
are you sure guys I'm kind of torn
between like should I put some sort of
like a gel or something I've never used
hair products I'm never being a hair
product the oil years ago I used to
ladder my head in jail but I'm like
should I use some sort of a product you
know to get kind of like cool you know
like busted her busted sir I don't think
busted is there around five yeah what do
you think should I yeah like go product
should I go prone oh this is an
experiment what have you done
you do it two more why would it be done
well we could it's all like I had it all
like alfalfa I know what's up alpha you
don't know who that is
who's all Papa guys me some comments let
me know who half alpha is you think you
need like a gel or what's that like it's
okay
but look peacock II better I've made me
look like a peacock
uh Nina it'll dry it all is already
trying well yeah because I just did that
yeah pretty much
I fixed it haha what do you guys think
you like my new fruit is an awesome is
it also be honest Briana's don't lie to
me now please when went over 100 what is
Sonny do it's a lot - and let's take
some outfit pictorials let's get a
pictorial situation hmm yeah sometimes
you do have to take different spots for
dad for picks because there every day oh
I like that I like that idea a lot with
the same code yeah let's just go with
that I think the thing is a little bit
uh another crooked or something
should be like this but it's okay so
we're heading down to the old walkies
because see I like the new walkies no
it's convenient because it is convenient
to eat local but I can't really let them
off you don't feel like letting them off
the leads there because the motorways
right beside it so this way we will try
that because we're gonna go down to MSDS
for some num-nums
so I talked or we can head down here
first and let them off and we can all
have an old stompin ground moment and we
can all be like oh right like it is a
bright light Michael to my fighters so
what do you guys do in this a fine
afternoon but we just drove past our
holes our old house and it seems that
somebody is actually in the new house
the old house and one of the things that
trash Hall said to us though is against
the law to actually retain two people's
deposits so for a fact that they have
someone else in there means they've got
someone else's deposit plus our deposit
that they're holding on to which means
they're like totally breaking some
regulated law thing but trash all have
said to us that we have to go further
than enter the PRTs be the NTP RTB
so that's the next phase now because
they never responded like they wrote
them all letters to choices and then
choices chose not to respond to them
just kind of ignored them so then so you
have to go to like that the mediator
first of all let's see if the mediator
can sort it out that they can't sort
Anthony large an official complaint
the fact that they like TRO someone else
in there and then they just ignore our
letters from ChaCha's and they just
think that like maybe they're just
hoping we'll go away like an adult
really annoying is because it's so easy
to go away like it's so easy just to go
off get it like anything to hear just
being like oh forget you taking the high
road but you're not really and it's just
it should be annoying like oh god which
makes the probably harder is that we're
not a hundred percent happy at the place
that we have now you know and that just
makes it worse knowing that they're like
holding on to our F money and that money
that they're holding on to could easily
pay for like the deposit and all for a
new place you know on it's like it's
just it's just like I'm just being
robbed daylight robbery stings it stings
and a bum bum for having an Irish dinner
are you actually serious it is actually
cabbage I like Irish poop my thumb's is
only five minutes away wouldn't look at
the nice flowers have wondered those you
don't want to know sort of days it just
is a progression to the next day with
something interesting is gonna happen
you know those kind of days were just
like he just sort of autopilot ride the
day and you just like something fun is
going to happen you know like yeah I
tell them like you know they're always
the TV shows where I like the middle of
season there's always like nothing main
story and not the sort of like daily
story just sort of a connecting just so
that today is like a character building
episode put on what is really happening
I got this like mini version of this
book I was thinking or reading I decided
if I just get like the small mini
version first just to sort of you know
have a quick read of it what what
there's like a big book ever then you
guys read the Norton Shakespeare
edition oh not for sale in the United
States or Canada why not
it's something in it yum-yum
kibosh nah its kibosh that cabbage
this is smarter than I actually thought
it was who would have thought it but
some kibosh and some ham ham and then
mmm joy I keep it is the worst thing
everyone wasn't Erica's fault we won't
say he's fallen but really was but and
she was supposed to record X Factor
gingers recording episode of coma diner
me he's not the worst ever imagine you
sit down to watch and you end up with
like come dynami only the worst day in
her life
Oh guys I made such a mistake
I actually accidentally made all the
potato and all the ham and totally
forgot to eat the cabbage but now it's
time for this bad boy
bad boys bad boys what you gonna do what
you gonna do when you get a fresh pie
baked for you oh you put it in your cup
eat you any caramel whoa look at these
guys they're in a car what the hell
that's crazy
hoodies one's called two shoes I get to
choose what is an old one Oh cuz you're
all recording who's your favorite Janice
Janice a Frankie Hoosier Janet or
Frankie who is your favorite on x-factor
I could do that
Erica's not impressed with my comedic
ways is that you watch The X Factor guys
you just fast-forward all the ones that
you don't like that's pretty the best
thing about Oh rocky who's this one
right here no no guess not
he's gonna love it here boring ready
guys
boring moving on what do you think
Mickey okay some cake Nicky oh here we
go here we go
so who's use this now Janet Janet no way
she's Irish yeah awesome sure she good
yeah I'm gonna put her here now
what the hell that's kind of odd do you
think do you think it's better or worse
no horrible
yeah they're back how many people going
really just like tons of people going
why does that go away zoo much same is
because I'm too lazy to get up who is it
who is it
what it goes by category that's why so
many categories how many categories are
like girls boys people would choose to
put hair this is how you watch x-factor
come on make something fun happen next
Glee what do we got what whoa you so
much to do you so much homework to do
you're 20 go Inspector Morse is that
yours
91 oh no bleep the purple people why
what's that
what time is it ha only midnight
Adventure Time
who's with me grab your coats kids let's
all go on a midnight a midnight
adventure Ritchie
yeah I'm gonna bend on adventure okay
Wow you can't slap me in the boat when
I'm going through my thumb that mean I'm
gonna go to my dojo eat my smelly cycle
ha
okay whoa whoa let's go I need I need I
need shoes in my father shoes my part
they she was my part my part
you think this for a second I know be
gentle with them they're very delicate
there's an to evoke gentle folk not make
animation guys and it seems to think
that there is something better
lying yonder we have never yet to go
lying yonder well you're an amazing
camera woman I must say okay just a
noise - that's mustachio never touch a
man's - or his mustache come on lazy bum
Oh Liam get out of my house then get out
of my house I grant you freedom
carefully might be people inside who's
gonna be able to sorry people open this
time crazy people like us you racking
somethings open here
yeah driving shoes daddy's shoes all
right whoa just got some shoe shopping
well is it pop obviously doesn't pop out
but it was always a pop open always
always and forever well this one bar
poke poke poke poke lot of pubs bingo
factory bagel Factory oh there's a kebab
shop
no anomaly kebab a gala but closed cork
comes this mine's gonna get run over
barbershop clothes clothes if I got the
lights out why doesn't look like
anyone's home why don't I go
right where do you want to go now well
we've done this already and it became
fruitless it's a fruitless affair
I remember I remember the night looking
for my thumbs
we did this that is no aim situation
situation no lishus
there's nothing here folks it's a dream
they're broken dreams
no none then any shenanigans it's a
train tracks here Nina
guys I hate driving over train tracks
why day of what if the stopper things
are broken why did the stopper Kings are
broken and there's a train right there
okay I do not like driving to the train
tracks well I could just go to the
traffic lights but then I can just go
ahead and do this we know what this
means it means I could go back to the
crossing again why brew the train coming
right now and then they've ran into
batteries you've run out of batteries in
the machine oh you survived the game
guys
you guys ever gone on a midnight
adventure like this while you're
Avengers fruitless always looking for
that something extra always looking for
that something more that's something
just I want more why can't I be a
24-hour everything every time you need
it that will be the world vote Jonathan
for president that's what I bring to the
world hey guys and thanks for watching
another episode of the saucony Joley
and don't forget to like the video and
favorite the video because
ah and if you want to subscribe to the
channel it's totally free there's no
obligation just click that yellow button
if you're the kind of person that likes
to uh likes a bit of computer gaming
don't forget to check out my winfield
games channel and don't forget if you
are a lady or a gentleman that like be
stylish at all times don't forget to
check out anna's install that a channel
if you want to keep up to date with
twitter don't forget to check me out i
act jonathan Jolie and of course follow
at aniseh ponies we also have a Facebook
page where you can post your pictures or
you can just basically put anything you
want down there because that worries
it's a community page you can also go to
our friend pages but until our friend
pages fill up because of course Facebook
societies Exeter to be a limited number
our friends thanks again for watching
videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow
