good morning friends and welcome to this
video presentation
Amenia was telling me some very
interesting facts about marriage this
morning over to you Romania I'll tell me
the story
so girls come on girls and boys to marry
boys
okay which led on to discussion about
who is going to marry who
and I'm glad to mommy Alessia now he's
going to marry Alfie do I decide my
mommy so Eduardo my mommy
you marry Alexia and I marry Albie yes
when his tears go back
he's you're going to marry because he is
going to fight you so we're going to
wait his teach go back so he can bite me
yeah I already love yay I don't know
this is exactly fair it's just exactly
fair this is exactly fair situation huh
but for yam it's very cute Armenia your
opinion of marriage and so forth and why
do you marry people you can so see
people oh they did get some time okay
new when you might so what that was that
you weren't alone visit anybody else
ever again you can't can you
and I am going to action you might how
many think looking at da egg 100 again I
can see Alessi sometimes 200 like like
an open marriage
uh-huh that's interesting how many how
many wives is daddy gonna have oh these
guys tonight I get it very good sense of
course my gosh you did little bump in
your eyes what happened to Ari again I'd
want to go out I had an a half really
hard I didn't hit my high oh sure I can
enter a spider but notice of Mayflower
out yet he did not fall out no no
oh they all seem to be there present and
accounted for
well you have a very funny funny opinion
oh that's very small
what is this more your go ahead bitch
I'll head there no no let that little
scream friend oh they'll square in your
head it's tracking you shall we go to
Anna unless yes Mickey we've never
actually had waffles for breakfast
before so it's the first time for
everybody what Andy wofully versatile I
wrote a song once why did we write or
something but I came up with a song
called birds a potato waffles first a
potato waffles that these are up here Oh
so let's have a look at it uh potato
waffles right three minutes in the
toaster you want chocolate waffles yeah
what says on your waffle all
right oh I'll be lb lb lb lb I'm a
roadie inka degree good morning Alessia
that's the rule let's see over here than
Eduardo there is absentia selected
cannot be seen yeah I know Marta was
very cute when he was a baby I was
accused you are very cute when you were
a baby you are a chubby cheeks ad it was
right at like entelechy looks like in
yellow you are already cute even action
all right cool why are you laughing at
me I love his heart maybe you're all
equally the cutest maybe daddy
instituted everything that I don't know
are you having awful yeah I think you
should try them I've never had a well
hope I never had waffle yeah most of our
customers all right all right
then you seek mr. have you preached
which I have a little aperitif market
just eat me yes isn't and look what I
got kinda made me I got waffle syrup and
fruit mania got a chocolate waffle would
you know it is white as like chocolate
size and chocolate waffles yeah Alexia
has ordered some chocolate boob milk
oh yeah we chosen the food already well
if you eat loads of of the sharpest
would your breath no chuckling no would
be the answer not I don't hear any in a
lease which remain anything okay here we
go
my first ever try well actually so my
first ever time I was walking to
z'ha'dum I was in Belgium Belgium for a
British side we can we had some waffles
and doesn't very much here we go yes I
like it very very tasty
a bit of a cold so I've lost the ability
to pay pay pay what got my texture what
how are three so small maybe my child
can say it's making it small but I got
choked alright I got my two apprentices
with me here and we just finish off
building this bike it's your bike
there's a lot of questions comments on
that video and we got to bite through
okay why didn't I get one in a monster
bike you guys know what why no he's not
a monster bike he wanted this bike but
there was only one of them and it media
had it and then translated him solve
this one then he was like I watch now
for him tonight
so we got the frozen bike he got the
frozen like 700 hours later and I built
the bike getting orders by care to
all righty paddle paddle paddle paddle
paddle - - Eduardo is all got the hang
of it yet
you got a pedal why no I can't just keep
pushing you all watch it sick sick sick
so cute oh boy you did it
good boy Eduardo you're doing it good
boy well done is wardo is my bike
yeah but it were no cycle Romania yeah
good boy
all right I turned around and that's
like go back again so you can say oh
I'll push you right good boy guardo look
at you yeah come on boy you got it yeah
oh I know it's cheeky wired up when
you're doing so well
big push yeah there's a fan down - dad
dad dad it's been hit its rugby time
bump bump butter rugby time bump bump
spot on them
Panther cake time oh you heard it break
in they're trying to break in 31 all
right go forth no you can jump into your
seat look your seat matches your rugby
outfit rigid bitter that's in the music
video hey I got us some water here you
might need them for our rugby time but
ya know all my real was hot it was
actually light up like I really brought
to life it's in here up happy Hayley's
hundred thirteen Thank You Brandon says
mean is one yeah are you ready for the
rugby run
oh yeah they say as the cowboy say why
are we cowboys are Vikings what's a
Viking at the point let me introduce you
to arrive in our last Brook it's a long
story
it's a graphic story look at these two
sisters hanging out chilling some some
covers on looks so cute hmm you look so
cute together
for me as I getting battered and beaten
aren't you so Jonathan and Eduardo have
gone to rugby and the girls are all
hanging out I did a workout stupidly did
it after putting makeup on because I
just think degree I had a free window to
get ready and then started getting ready
and then there was time leftover so I
was like oh I could do a workout I don't
have much makeup on but I did sweat some
of it off but I feel really good after
it was like a 16 minute workout and it
was just from Lucy's channel so it was
just from her challenge I think was day
26 or something she talking to you she
told him
you know Lucy's mom has been ill which
is really I don't want to say sad she's
fine but like as in it's been really
difficult for Lucy I think because she's
been quite ill and so she hasn't been
training obviously I mean I told her not
to because she needs to be with her
family so she hasn't been training as
regularly although she actually has been
had to be very to her she's been like
she's such a trooper but anyway so I've
just been doing it by myself which is
absolutely fine because she has so much
stuff on me like on her YouTube channel
that you actually don't even need once
they don't need a personal trainer
because I do love hanging out with her
but like I can do a lot of it myself
we are finished rubbing and Eduardo is
running away from me is apparently I'm
too slow hey slow down
are you going hey are you running all
the way home how are you
did you get any stickers today me money
please is that some money chair no don't
connect there you go I think it's the
money chair I love you cool on a magic
wand right no breaking magic ones yes a
little careful visible you thanks
Visconti for me yeah
oh that's very nice of you that's very
nice of you and play meeting I want to
show everybody her bite right in one
month
Wow that's so good to me now
whoa
I remember having a fight with mom
I wasn't different princess but it was
pink
I looked up here with major media can I
have that accuracy can I have that
effort oh I'm stupid and the bit Scopus
I fell for your tricks
never again I will be on can you do it
again
where's the quest to stick down that
hole up the effort she's taken about me
she's taken the effort no media look put
it in the spin the food Bryn here the
green one pull the handle down pull the
handle down yeah
all the way all the way good girl and
then open the lid good girl where's me
exit data media accident flush or a TV
at home okay daddy's home
where's that Africa I go get that
Acrobat that was mine
I felt it Finders Keepers so just put
Alessia in the sling forward facing the
first time I don't know how to origami
to action YouTube it I think it is but
sucking on her so feel Azura he liked
her you like so see she's me immunity
for you looking and this is actually
really handy because I've got my hair
that's crazy
and it's really handy because I can get
stuff done and like she didn't want to
be carried plus somebody broke the swing
I don't know anyone have but the cable
was like bent remember if I set this on
a vlog or not but since cable was bent
and while it was inside it so the piece
is still stuck inside but anyway and
we're about to have dinner
this is sister drama so funny I just
witnessed him like fake cry I'm kind of
game hold up your vitamin D and bra i'ma
see you need to give her these everyday
which immensely with every baby and I
did for I didn't have all with Amelia so
bad they weren't a strict on it back
then
nowadays they're like you need to give
it to your babies like all babies in
England their decision and and then with
it while I think I didn't like you join
mr. perfect baby that is actually
getting them like not every day because
I do forget but like most days and but
Amelia and Eduardo get little indie like
in this warmest
that was in the form of bitumen like
Domi's now so kind of feel like I'm
making up for my mistakes but yeah
fourth child will have it all right we
are having dinner
Eduardo or Elsa or Anna whichever one
you are
yeah it's having salmon and you did a
good job
Mimi you did a good job and that's the
presence of a oh sorry honor
so a lesbian over here having sharing
sharing the boob sharing a meal for
Hamilton to take advice everybody seeing
my friends no sister poopoo person mr.
Pooh boy thanks for visiting friends and
we'll see you don't get to watch
Bernie's friends video even though they
do well I'm feeling little hungry and
it's time to pull over mom wouldn't
agree but I know what I could be a drive
to will do I need a burger and fries the
milkshake feeds with the toy and a fry
