all right here find a hammer and nails
hammer and nails have arrived do you
know today is M international something
are coming out day things international
its global coming out day so happy that
if you're celebrating last
congratulations or are you hammer nails
did you learn on Twitter where is great
for that Twitter is good-looking
got myself a hammer now all I need is a
nail nails go with my shiny hammer do
you have a nail how high do you want it
how high should it be I want to be able
to write no that's too high I want to be
able to write know that um actually yeah
I just want to be able to write things
in it maybe a bit higher than that yeah
that's better
that looks nice yeah make sure it's in
the middle son it's really easy they
didn't realize it was that easy girls
don't understand these things now hang
that we just need market hold for market
okay Dina is going through a tough time
right now I don't know why but she's
kind of upset for some reason I
mentioned just wants to be with her mom
and I'm watching our walk cuz I never
watch them anymore
I hardly watch them anymore I don't get
time I have them so busy in my life okay
it's so cool just in the middle like
that yeah maybe cop should we not cover
the big horrible ugly nail though yeah
that's kind of high
no but you could do it like you could
hang it so that the nail is covered by
the frame you know you're saying that's
not gonna happen that looks ugly on the
top I said to Nina you're going to stay
here for as long as it takes until we
find the right place guys and I love the
land what yeah you know we find some
places that look amazing like the inside
might look amazing or they might have
something I just know that you know
there's no there's not that much of a
rush I will find the right place I don't
live in another big estate I know
no wooden big family mmm-hmm about
$17,000 in our family and you know when
you finished we looked yeah oh yeah it's
kind of weird isn't it it's way too high
right here yeah maybe make it center
with the know the radiator
you know thank you else you like
shouldn't have told you that before you
did the white carbon sorry
he doesn't really realize unless you
want to put it up there over our bed so
that one way Oh God when it falls and
kills us so that one we're sleeping I
can be watching Oprah are they gonna be
big enough
oh no Liam oh no Liam if you all right
now cook it to me yeah that looks better
poof is that looks really crooked oh no
wait I'm camera it looks yeah oh my god
it worked
oh thank you yes yeah just one more
thing let's do one more thing this this
here where do you think it should go
either there there where do you want it
where do you want it or they're like I
don't know the whole area is not the in
it so we just leave that area of
nothingness well no we have wedding
photos that we need to do as well I know
but Jonathan ah oh that looks so nice
Thanks now I can like take off the days
or something I don't know what do you do
with calendars - nudity - do it
dude okay yeah so what do you want right
here I'd say yeah so I brought two isn't
that a bit low that's really low what
nothing it's not that looks really low
just do a little like kind of maybe more
on par with the UM mirror you know look
obviously somebody had something
happening there before even a bit higher
yeah yeah
Wow
oh it's like it's a little bit yeah
a bit more no it's still crooked German
look yeah there we go
ah yeah oh my god it looks so nice oh I
know he has a website doesn't mean sure
Tomkins thought ie I don't know is it my
friends yeah it looks really nice yeah
it looks so not such a manga manga right
um yeah well there's that but it doesn't
have a frame so oh I'm not the framing
Department ma'am on the attaching the
barman hmm
there's our wedding pictures which we
have to break that man Department ma'am
I'm the attachment the part nine case
let me finish my makeup okay bye guys
apparently some nerd has come into the
house hey nerd hey nerd give me your
pocket money nerds Wow
all you need is a couple of bucks you're
such a nerd nerd dog can you guys like
the office yeah love nard dog all right
let's take some outfit pictures oh okay
so it's like five o'clock what I'm
eating lunch I don't care how late it is
nope
thought you guys would be like lunch at
five like what the hell but we're going
to ed to eat at eight
I think so I'm gonna eat something now
because I don't want to be hungry I hate
being hungry
in fact I'm hungry right now and I hate
it and I'm trying to think they hate
drinking water watching me that's like
oh I hate your new water I hate it so
much so I'm gonna try
all right to drink more water I'm I'm
I'm on my third glass like I'm trying to
do eight my third glass and it's five
o'clock that's not really that good so
what are we doing
nice so I'm gonna make a baked over
right now and drink my water but I hate
it because I've already been peeing
loads today and I've only had two
glasses that's how bad like my actual
that's how about my my nan drinking
water skills are good but seriously I'm
so bad at not drinking water so I'm just
gonna put you guys here I'm gonna cut my
bagel so yeah I'm having a bagel toasted
and then I'm gonna have some roast
chicken breast slices produced in
Ireland and some tomato chopped tomato
which I think it's okay I cut it like a
few days ago and I left it in the fridge
I think it's okay
and then I'm my natural and unwashed
loosen levy Irish mixed to leave start
like rocket it's all gone limp though
because we never eat up
oops and then some Hellmann's like thank
you already and then I have to clean the
kitchen oh there's a car coming
it's pretty watching you hey they're
just stupid cars lost him um and of
course okay and um that's pretty much it
so what are you gonna do right now
oh sorry would you so oh yeah I have to
show you that thing well I don't want to
show you like the whole thing's this
kind of like you know but I basically
did this I wrote out a list like a to-do
list for today because I was so like
this is the thing okay if you work from
home it's so easy to get really
unmotivated and I'm gonna be honest with
you there's some days where I just like
I do the bare minimum like I do like I
film my video or whatever and then I'm
like hmm I may as well waste time doing
nothing and like I'm really bad at that
but if I motivate myself which is most
of the time I am pretty motivated but
there are days when I just do nothing
and then I feel really bad about it um
if I actually like you know I'm
motivated and I kind of make a list and
like I'm kind of like weird like that
I'm kind of like if it
OCD I think I think I always thought
being a little bit but I'm like one of
those people who's like all or nothing
you know like I'm a total perfectionist
if you know I slip up or if I make a
mess or if I I don't know it's like hard
to explain but I think if you're like
that yourself you understand like if I
do something wrong I'm like Oh screw it
the whole day is ruined like that's how
weird I am or I just things have to be
perfect I'm folding a nice things aren't
to be perfect or or nothing basically
like or else the day is a write-off it's
like it's a very annoying personality to
have though because I don't
like the fact that I'm like that like
Jonathan's not really like that at all
he's way more like I know he's just able
to like get things done and not kind of
worry about perfection whereas I always
worry about it like if I don't complete
like all of my goals that day I'm like I
feel like depressed and then I just
don't do anything or else I get them all
done and I'm like superwoman you know
like there's just two extremes and it's
it's way too extreme to be if you're
like that you know what I mean it's
really annoying because you just feel
like you can't get anything done
sometimes or else you do get everything
done then you burn yourself it and then
that's not good either so you need to
kind of achieve a balance so um
basically I wrote out a list of things
that I have to do of course it's like
super long and I have achieved two
things I missed so I need to keep going
okay okay and one of those is drink
eight glasses of water I'm gonna drink
eight glasses of water today I am
serious about this okay serious are you
with me yes okay I'm so hungry I want
something tasty but I don't want to cook
it and I want someone else to cook it
you're such a nerd look at you you've
been wearing them all day long
yes because I don't know if the company
to come down or what happen but let's
try and do my blog post and I can't find
these on the website anymore so I mean
really like stressed out now because I'm
afraid that people will be able to buy
them however I found out something if
you go to the English the UK version of
the website I found them so if you guys
want to buy them oh that's that that
that style I talk you cannot start about
8 o'clock here these rules you kind of
the kind of style I talk see sometimes
Jonathan will edit out parts of these
videos where I talk about makeup we talk
to you I never edit anything else you do
you do and he wanted to take it
part where I'm showing my nail polishes
and then Murray was apart the nail
polish is like aha you see everybody
prefers those woods and then he was
going to edit it out he actually took it
out of the video and I was like what are
you doing I showed my nail polishes he
was like yeah but that style a talk or
whatever I was trying to fit it in it's
not it's like the vlog goes over like
what sometimes we important it's like an
hour of footage I'm like I'm not making
an hour-long video so I have to take
some stuff back no no I don't put it on
my computer talk sometimes I have to
take something sighs and sometimes I
take out loads of stuff I say - yeah I
do
you always will take out my stuff before
what are you doing anyway
actually it's fighting mind the
car guys
there's actually a spot just outside it
but that would mean I have to go down
around and turn around so I never gotten
here before guys shine on my house oh do
you know what you want sir a menu
outside order is placed I want the
chicken colourful crispy golden happy
I've seen this driving hey guys
crispy kung pao chicken it is yummy
yummy ok we go Mike we go Michael go
like we go mom in mm-hmm and I got the
chicken fried rice CIO's and it's gonna
be 10 minutes so yeah where we go oh god
oh god oh god
it's going in time whoo you know what to
desert a desert do search a confession
chocolate pudding I would get those in
the pudding I'd get 20 drilled in
chocolate puddings meet tomorrow at my
top tapas
hey the Disco is quite a distance quick
point today guys the Disco's in full
swing now
oh yeah
break it down come on quickly our time
is running out Nina I feel you go cold
you give it to the dog if you don't
collect this that's what they do
Oh same as last time marshmallows was
just named that was fun
do it you guys gonna mind the car again
we're gonna get the num-nums yes the
carpool we used to get this M we lived
on Castle Street and on Castle Street
and donkey there's the place called
Castle and it's just like Chinese
restaurant I used to always get
takeaways in there see this gum endo
come on let's go let's go let's get the
num-nums
let's get them now I'm nervous you go
first please the donkey hey wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait good girl good
boy stay stay you make a boy are you I
don't believe you're gonna be that good
look
stay
it was perfect I won that all right
that's a let's get home and let's get
busy easy the num-nums
you
