good morning guys and it is get back
structure in our lives so we are up
early I have got the block it is over
did you notice of yesterday that we are
off to the gym zo then we're going to go
into the Popo then we'll get more soup
recorded then we're gonna put important
we're on top of things we're making
things happen
what oh yeah what the hell that's
disgusting
that is a good point
look at that guy's that is a good point
egde nicely pointed I see shirt so yeah
hopefully yeah this will bring order and
structure to my life so uh Perry to the
Jimmy T's then get the blocks off hands
there Popo guttering around get some
stuff sorted out we find your pleases
get some recording done oh yeah it's
happening guys and I'm hungry
gosh darn it but I'm gonna tell you my
mile today until my mom's about 15
minutes see if I can do it 15 minutes
but there in 60 minutes last time so the
whole extra minute alright folks
when I am Oregon she ships get myself or
Donald myself or down arrest is that
where that tissue today I thought that
that would definitely help you know this
is fitted nicely you know ladies in the
gym really the same where we am we
decided to get house and cost like a
euro to rent to town for the day but
then you don't have to watch her take
care of them you can just throw it away
so that's our kind of action now if
you'll excuse me I must the road
go upstairs work myself into a sweat
come downstairs go for a swim
be a mom guys 30 minutes to my life oh
my boy there's a brand of myself mystics
I brought that in here whatever it is
that be the hardest I a thousand if you
like a week to you should be a position
further I will muscle in my body
yeah but where my team jokes to
it's not away when I feel so good
like a family actually managed to break
like 30 minutes
I was like pouring sweat you know then
open spam I did like about 800 meters in
the pool Jesus birthday and I basically
went on building dorkin's it's pooling
in my body right up there really good
like I'm really feel that like I really
stepped it up this because the first
time I won it was like slowly warm up
and get into it now me feel like I'm
ready to like and we do it you know what
he said making things happen I'd be done
and I get it before her she's watching
the pair I believe her that leaders in
the pool and I managed to get out before
she finished washing her hair we can we
get one of these ice all right very
tropical flavor orange flavored advanced
nervous system
I just do it guys because I am oops oops
like a super
oh my goodness how do you feel Mimi's
are you proud of me you're part of me
because you and I got off the machine
and I was still there were you surprised
when you came I cannot still there she's
talking about way that when I used to
the Train like when I was like a
professional oh I was your father and
I'm my coach like he's a train like five
o'clock in the morning you know and he's
like two coaches because I was saying
that like you know when I hit breaking
point today you know really around the
twenty six twenty seven minute mark like
I was struggling and in my mind I had
like David McCullough or Brian Sweeney
you know my coaches in my head like I'm
just like we'd be like training getting
to that breaking point and he'd like
walk along beside you as you didn't like
you 25 meters knee back and just like oh
my god you stop for a second anybody
just like shout and scream at you the
whole time and but I was my inspiration
to keep on government is point when you
feel that breaking point unless you have
like you know I mean some strapping
young man beside you I don't want but
they should do right is they should have
on one side of you right this would be
my training method and one side if you
have some like yeah I mean I don't know
like he's like the hottest guy in the
world I don't know who's the hottest
that leave your comments who you think
the hottest guy in the world is at extra
points if you say me okay okay
leave your comments who you think the
hottest guy in the world is right
because I think you have him on one side
and then have like the ugliest most
unhealthy unfitness guy in the world on
the other side he's like you wanna be
like me like me like I got oh my god
I got me sit there eating Jam doughnuts
gonna come on it's like hurry
okay so galaxy from Teen Mom is on one
side and he's like he's got like what's
today with a girl then a little kid he's
like they're like he's they got Lee on
his arm and your warden it's like well
she's probably in prison or there's a
police car outside because they even no
contact order and he's like get off the
treadmill childish
eat some donuts too much some change mom
with me and the other side you've got
you know that you know I like him I
don't like him
I called me biggest loser you know the
guy with the tattoos I think he's rather
cool and he's on your side like you know
him in I don't know no I'm feeling good
cause I need a haircut hose me and the
haircut today guys
oh is it oh you ruined it bringing the
shot
hi motorway are you ready for me but
you're ready for me I go hyper after
after work at Steen orphans they make me
go clean stop you got a workout wait for
the crash it's okay cuz I got my
Powerade
this is parrot I got Powerade yeah yeah
the guy was gonna cut in front he was
like Powerade he's got looking at me
alright she's bout in the road take me
baby we'll road the Popo by the Popo box
buh-buh-buh box something just I was
just reading the comments and as someone
said up like yeah well she's in work
today
she's like I'm probably the only
Canadian working today I'm turkey day
it's hi sit down I was like it's turkey
day in Canada happy Thanksgiving
yesterday Canada have some have some
Canadian bacon and some maple syrup what
else - Canadian still good idea hippy
Canadian a mate I'm queen of Australia
what would it be I don't know hey guys
what do you think of my glasses aren't
they cool
teacher teacher Zaccone mr. Cohen I
don't really need glasses but I'm doing
a video on glasses
face shape and this place Coastal
Contacts comm set VV is to do my video
physical and afterwards because my mom
for his losses these are my Prada
they're really nice like I kind of
wanted them but I don't wear glasses so
that would be dumb but I'm going to give
these to my mom because she actually
wears bosses and I think I got them with
know like correction Virginia and so
they're just plain and I think she could
just change out the lenses and then she
have a cool pair of glasses that look
like you and
so that's pretty cool and and we got
some more stuff but
we got a card Johnson Joey
Jonathan Joe Lee oh my god my name is
Jonathan goalie and I'm Jonathan
something Ingrid
something came Greek congratulations on
your wedding
may all your dreams come to love Gillian
is it for Fillion
silly happy bit unless you need to do
no I think it's due it's not Lillian
Lillian Lillian
it looks like an air look Billy and
Jerry in a little bit
oh come on are you serious
thank you thank you silly and I think
it's really an unless it's Julian but I
think it's it is I love getting card
Indonesia I don't know anyone Indonesia
oh there's more
all right that's the eBay ones always
nice in China Indonesia
I like the eBay stop always comes in
those packages he's open here okay
said open
happy
so same thing again
my god it looks like I can't see shots
okay the answer was like in nighttime hi
Anna
and Jonathan greetings from Jakarta
Indonesia at the land of spices an
excellent comment I have been enjoying
watching your daily vlogs looking
forward to seeing both you travel around
Ireland if someday you want to take it
to another level and visit Asia please
stop by in Jakarta and don't forget to
drop me a line Anna I'm sending you a
batik scarf I don't know your favorite
color but I remember you said you're a
warm tone fattie pattern is originally
from Java and it's made in two UNESCO it
made into unesco world heritage in 2009
oh my god
these colors are perfect got the guts up
yonder here we go here we go side
meeting Steve bought coffee is one of
the famous coffee runs in Indonesia out
let me know what you think of it if you
really like it I can do send oh oh oh
yeah thanks so much we got something
like from our biggest fans like these
two have been like watching our show
always talking about
all right let's ever like this ever like
oh my god cupcake calendar oh my god
that is so cool but next time guys just
go ahead and send in two cupcakes okay
forget the calendar
I joke this is no way a babies and
models are averse Davis and I enjoyed
the scene and I'll be - she isn't he
likes writing oh yeah better than my
writing sorry that's me I like how I'm a
princess and then diving little look
blue and then she drew Albion Albion see
now she did them pretty well kind of
captures their characters there
I saw this the other day and thought of
you it spoke to me and told me you
should have it
sorry I didn't get you anything Josephus
nothing spoke your name oh thank you for
being such good friends to us even
though we've never met in real life we
love you guys and think you are
Oh someday mr. Phoenix and mu that's so
awesome
thank you look guys this is so exciting
once wait a minute there's only 12
months in a year for two years no no
that's two years of 24 Anna because it's
for the fat cells I want to eat cupcakes
more 12 what if I can't go in the
kitchen because that's where I doggie
calendar which actually got destroyed
from the flooding
I think this will look prettier I'm so
happy it's gonna go inside and try and
get a haircut yo I'm thinking I might be
something different today guys I'm not
gonna come keep Atilla fluke but I'm
gonna define the fluke just a little bit
more conformally like they just get here
dome but I was like what are they
tightened all the way up here and we
just had to look flute going through it
you know it's not like I have to go and
be respectable is it I think everybody
notice that I'm wearing your t-shirt it
has my face in my name on it you don't
know right here baby would you guys
stink stink isn't it awesome I love it I
gave him a tip I gave him a tip because
it was such a good job more like some
drawing now triangle yeah it's more
defined as either flu like Tintin now
we're getting somewhere
yeah yeah yeah mines are up all the way
empty why must you always change
everything I'm just gonna get the same
because I always get subway mount I
don't even know where it is there is no
Street in 46 crap again
for their gourmet hood by this super
today I've never actually looked at the
menu thing yeah I've never looked at the
menu in subway I just started thinking
at Subway mouth start eating subway now
from that's it I'm all the way this we
got some freaking sub table yeah gotta
go home to the doggies in another agency
all right what's the American one
American Idol boy boy is diver
oh yes or even me song what do you think
muscle well it slightly different he use
the stencil a hand room our woman well
you hadn't do it with mascara then he
drew over eyeliner
oh what'd you guys think I'm a poop
rocket hair I'm a punk rocker have a
punk-rocker I will rock like there's no
Punky's Punky Brewster and you guys
remember Punky Brewster what a cherry on
top this is going back if you remember
Punky Brewster
you're freaking old okay punky brewster
oh my god why did i come into my head I
don't know
all right god oh my god like Punky
Brewster okay so we're going to change
audience
hmm the bed has been
sat upon
who say Jose do you guys hear you guys
see her she's deaf dude I seen you she
knew it was us
they knew it was a probably when you
said yeah they heard the door because
I'll be started barking and I looked in
knowing the the bed is like seeing I was
obviously on the bed see her little
blankie yeah one of these days are gonna
catch them disco shop the dish gold trap
was this about cookies I'm a free cookie
sir sir have a free cookie oh wow Coco
jungle cereal doesn't quite invite me as
much as Coco Pops dude I've got to have
a barrel of Coco Pops but I rather have
a bowl of choco egg all cereal with Kong
China corn and rice and organic dairy
free chocolate doesn't quite have the
same like I don't know rhythm to it call
it
so how long am I supposed to have that
scared them hands of me Jillian oh
you better get yourself a check out it
seems like a serious emergency so these
things right now we've met it run them
twice like down down down down I can see
it ah let's go you're going to Johnny
but okay with everyone at one time and
it seemed fine so rather than in second
I'm so you look how much they are like
for one thing II so like don't really
have to buy another one now it's run
down twice okay tell me about you buying
everyone or not
kind of hoping someone's gonna tell me
phone Oh what's all employee but I don't
think it is I don't know I don't need
coffee filters and juice do not let me
leave here without the juice where are
the em coffee filters anybody anybody at
all anybody at all anybody at all
anybody at all my slips lady pink pink
to make the boys wink I can't stop
winking for some reason oh it's okay
it's just her pink lipstick okay where
is it where is it
I'm gonna make a scene I'm gonna make a
scene action scene 1 there we go
double concentrated sample on black and
I've sworn their folks with dopest
drinks to Joe first ring therapy folks
that's what Joe versus things and I like
it and it's a taste of tasty tasty what
if you got over here
straws oh my god guys there's a 33%
saving on Betty Crocker's that would
mean if you buy Turkey 3 packets if you
play 33 packets of chocolate chip cookie
mix and you actually get one free Betty
Crocker Betty Crocker not to be confused
with Chris Crocker
Betty Betty hisses mom sis Crockett yeah
Chris Crockett Chris Chris about the
Flies the rocket so I was watching town
and I thought them can I talk to myself
I want them I want them so much they
beautiful thing it's a beautiful thing
I don't want your silly minis I don't
want your silly marquees and they're
selling mobiles that's what I want there
that's what I want don't you can't you
buy them what they call something and
they're like fluffy czar it means to be
able to buy them their lumps
I don't like once I feel that based on
my own rules of newness I need to
actually get these I need to buy these
and even though there are temptations
and untended but I feel like the rule of
if you see something new you have to buy
it which can be quite expensive if you
drive by a car shop and all the cars are
new
