it is time for a mother-effing where she
washes I'm for a mother F wish she
washes time for a mother effin wish she
washes ah I'll be how do you feel about
this I wish I wish I wish II wish she
wash there's always a wash a wishing
machine washes can't lick your way out
of this one oh isn't that nice now guys
huh you like that
Oh Cena Cena Cena now put on your
goggles and I want to get certain
anymore against your eyes what good boy
okay we need bucky toes okay my knees
again what hey stay stay like good guys
you got boys girls yay who's the crazies
we're the crazy dogs we're the crazy
dogs okay not my pillow not my pillow
no Shaggy's on the bed mr. Hayes you
don't fancy crazy dogs
are we ready for another day that's
pretty much the same as every other day
we call it that vlog it is whoo the door
- interacts when I put it in here oh hey
we already got you joke you know
- get over it
I'd love to see your life you're
exciting zubrin's lifestyle but today's
different guys because today is the
start of tomorrow whoa because I kind of
had a bit of a you know kind of like
getting back from the wedding and stuff
and now I'm like okay neat a need there
you guys saw my joke this video you know
what I was talking about getting a bit
more structure in the life and I
definitely feel that like um structure
is mighty important so hopefully next
week they want to try and get to the gym
three times
because I have not you have to do it I
could let C be in and then cuz I stay up
no we need twice twice to mosey over
done yeah yeah cuz you know up stayed up
too late at night and then you don't get
up in the morning and then you feel like
crap for the day and they know better
going we're going to try and move get
the hell out of this silly place you
know already looked up and some place
that look pretty nice and hopefully it's
work towards work towards making our
lives happier and better yeah
what do you guys do today to better your
life on this fine Monday even though
it's actually Sunday for us but it's
Monday for you see what I did there I'm
good like that I'm good like that this
is full - it's so nice like the way the
Sun is like pacing on the lake the way
the trees and the cars and the lovely
people I got white the - tomorrow my
knobby watch out for the speeder when
such a glorious day is such a nice walky
walky is have you got on a walk today
you should go on a walk you should press
part in this video head on down to your
local walking establishment and go on a
walk or hop on a cross trainer type he
thingies and watch the vlog while
walking ingenious and here we go to the
end of the walk she does what is a road
we actually tried to figure out how to
actually get here one time but am
completely failed and we ended up down
the motorway God knows where but someday
we will venture into the forest this is
a neat trick we've been a lady we've
been letting the dogs out at the coming
up to the house and I still like run
along good luck we found Marlee they're
so cute they like their we left them off
at the green just come up to the house
like and then they get to run off hurt
themselves
okay everyone keeps asking me to play
Mora media
I'm gonna go and do it so I'm going to
go and play more immediate I I'm
terrified to play at all I'm terrified
it's so scary
what dude to popular demand I made a
mistake okay can't pull that necessary
but you could just like how do you do
how do you then they smell so good
yeah you guys can say with Nina guess
what guess what guess what
oh my god it like hairs in my nose don't
leave don't leave don't leave don't
leave don't leave don't leave don't
leave don't leave don't leave
am i annoying oh my god there's like
hairs in my nose nose hairs anyways so
yeah Miami are you hyper hyper this room
is kind of messed up she's not read
honestly anymore but I never made the
bed today because um I couldn't be
bothered
that's why plus it's like Sunday who
does bed making on their Sunday not me
anyways um so I have to edit a video I
only opened like three videos including
this one this week so that's really bad
but next week will be better I promise
you see I think what kind of add it to
this week being a fail is that we had to
go to Dublin
candy wouldn't remind me I think it was
wasn't it
was it Monday was it Friday I can't
remember but anyways we had to go to
Dublin twice and that kind of messed
everything off with like the gym and
everything wasn't one day let me just
check okay
it was wasn't it yeah that messed
everything up because who because um you
know we're gonna go to the gym on Monday
like Monday Wednesday Friday and then it
just messed everything up seriously like
why did we have to go to Dublin and I
have to go to total again I don't mind
like the things that we have to go to in
Dublin are always pretty cool but it's
the actual travelling that's not so cool
but like it's not that bad either I'm
kind of just complaining for the sake of
complaining to be honest it's not that
terrible it's two and a half hour drive
but plus I don't even have to drive that
Jonathan s drive it because I can't
drive which brings me to my next point I
need to learn how to drive
like seriously learn how to drive but
Jonathan won't let me learn on his car
he's probably listening me like oh but
he won't let me learn in his car cuz he
said I'm gonna crash it so what is a
girl to do okay
plus I kind of don't want to learn gears
because did you ever notice I stopped
learning how to drive like with Jonathan
having like those little mini lessons
when we went up to third gear cuz I just
didn't I couldn't handle it everything
like changed and then like you can't
break the same way as inversions I can
here you have to just break it like it's
just so weird what the hell so I was
just really annoyed by that and I just
never tube again afterwards because I
hate third gear so my solution to those
gear
problems is that I will learn automatic
and then you know I'll just buy an
automatic car that's what I'll do you
know but I do want to learn to drive I
just don't want anything try
with the ears I just want to learn how
to drive automatic so that is my kind of
next thing that I want to do because
like I really I'm scared now I don't
like the gears I just think they're
really like awkward and stuff I don't
understand because like I said a third
gear thing really freaked me out and I
just went too fast and they didn't like
it but everything would be fine if it
were automatic seriously you guys don't
understand okay but yeah what are you
doing okay so I'm gonna go edit my video
now don't hate me for not being able to
drive okay I will learn but you know
it's just scary for me plus my dad was
really bad at driving okay I'm he was
kind he was really scared of driving and
he kind of I think maybe he instilled
some kind of a fear into me as well
because I'm just always nervous
so we'll see but then my mom is a really
good driver and she always says like if
she could do it then I can definitely do
it because she like never thought she'd
be able to drive that well and she is
really good at driving well I think so
yeah I will learn I promise it's my next
new thing project so easy all night
tonight we're just breathing in Tedesco
on this breezy breezy night
and I had a basket over her head and I
pushed the basket that's hurting her
and I said well if you're gonna wear a
basket over your head you have to be
prepared for the consequences
someone actually left us a comment about
the quirks and said the double chocolate
ones are better than the ones that we
bought yeah
I'm more of a chocolatier a chocolatier
myself I keep seeing myself an expert
what you haven't a hamster no lovely
calling on Harry you wouldn't gain it
put it in your pocket it's quite nice
and test good they have the sample packs
this is the sample pack here if you want
me just come by and tasting right these
are nice holy guard its massive is that
like actually bigger than my head
goodbye actually I remember and you got
anything Birmingham is the Caprice and
place roommate them my brother bought me
homeless like Cowboys chocolate bar was
like the biggest thing you've ever seen
in your life it was like the best day of
my life
a phony every day I received a giant
cowboy chocolate bar
