oh um mother-effing dead guys i am i am
on my last feather with this house like
no heating was a hole in the wall the
lights don't work
we don't have hot water nothing works
and the fridge didn't work and now it's
entire floor I don't know if you can see
that the entire floor is flooded with
water right I just heard it's like this
happened like two nights ago so we
haven't been able to use the washing
machine since then and now this the
whole place just like flooded and we
can't use the sinks cuz as you can see
the sinks are full of water
we can't clean anything we can't do
anything like I tried to coming down
wakin kenter's this morning no good you
can see it's not perfectly clean
we don't have to use cold water I have
to leave it I don't know like we have to
wash them and it's not like it's only
giving me like oh well I just wash this
work we can wash my hand you can't
because there's no hot water and this
thing shows up and then doesn't go down
like this is crazy
I smell a move and they coming guys Joe
goes sham sham marriage sham have sham
everything like how do you know that I
was going for it it looks nice then full
brick and stop like there's a hole over
there where it's supposed to be an air
vent but the air vents missing so
there's a hole in the wall so all their
toys are wet like oh my god oh I'm going
back to editing this is crazy so I think
something might have happened to Anna's
clothes yeah I think I might have shrunk
a little bit in the wife crop top things
that are in style now you know something
and then you turn it right in your life
last year I think I may have washed it
and then kind of forgotten to write the
fact that it's trying
yeah Noah Liam hi guys what's going on
I'm so frozen cold and like I wash my
clothes I can wash my cups and saucers
we've got no food our pant leg off I
just walked outside the door and it is
actually warmer outside here than it is
inside there that is ridiculous like
that is insane it's like E warmer out
here we should live like opposite you
know like turn a house inside out or
something it's just so frustrating you
know what it's like moving and trying to
find the right place this is such a
stressful thing and you know I just I
don't know I just feel like we might
have made a wrong move or something
happen I totally our fault because like
we first remember like when we first
found this place but we didn't find this
place we found the other place and they
kind of messed that up and then we kind
of defaulted to taking this place and
then you know we moved in we couldn't
forget it wash machine work but then we
got that working but then they said
they'd give us a lot of furniture
whether they didn't give us furniture so
we had that bought the furniture and
then their fridge sitting more but then
I finally disconnected the fridge to the
wall so that bridge would actually work
and I think he brought the whole thing
and then that's our kind of working in
it so the washing machine broken
dishwasher broke am I ever not eating in
two months and it's just like we live
too far away from everywhere we're in
the middle of nowhere on your side it's
just you know it's like three months to
Christmas like two and a half months in
Christmas you know and like we could be
in somewhere by December that would mean
that because I really want to spend
Christmas somewhere I want to put my
Christmas tree down and I wanted that to
be my little home base you know
so I'm thinking like you know that gives
us like I don't think we get it ordered
by Anna's birthday which is next month
so that's big close but it's just such a
mass like you know since moving out of
that other place and then we're holding
the deposit promise and happened to go
to threshold and now they haven't
responded threshold so I gotta take it
further to go to the the other PTSD
which is like the government body that
will like taken to court or whatever
that's that's the bank isn't it brtt PDS
be is a bank P or TP you know and it's
like oh my god when I just you know give
us a bloody money back you know and
while we're doing that same time we're
fighting with articie because they won't
turn the heat no but they don't turn the
heating on because the heating's can be
disconnected for god knows how long it
is like a lock on the thing which means
aren't even all cash is ever in that
property and by the time we get that put
on now the plumbing is all computed and
it's just like oh my god
you know sometimes sometimes you get
little lad you get a little hints in
life you get a little sort of nudges
that kind of lead you to believe that
you're maybe waiting a right decision or
wrong what a lot like I don't think you
really make wrong decisions I think you
can make a decision which will impact
certain events and aspects of your life
but then there's little hints that come
every now and again and I'm a turtle
believer in following my path and when I
see these sort of things that are are
being highlighted over and over again
right did we make it wrong with decision
or it wasn't no we made the wrong
decision was it more like at the time we
had to make that decision because we
were getting married you know
like what like a month before our
wedding we were trying to move on
organize the wedding I came we could
have ended up way worse you know but we
didn't like and that was kind of like
okay look the weddings all working to
settle down now you know we have more
time to think about it and when I've
okay hold on a second like you know if
you just jump it because we were put
under pressure we're putting like a
tricky situation and now we have more
time to think about it and let's try and
like all can I picture you know raising
my seven children there and my goat
because I don't think the goat relate to
my guard and seven children might be
quite Charles seven children that's
right folks we got you Octomom away take
that's eight isn't it crack we're gonna
have to you know Nina we're nine kids
achieving a reality TV show
who's the girl that got the TV show Jon
and Kate Plus eight let's eat we can do
it neither
eight can you count dogs as children
John and Kate dope isn't Nina plus eight
plus two coming to a theater near you so
turn a can actually got food to go yeah
we got here oh yeah spaghetti spaghetti
what's this this one oh mama special
secret sauce it's kind of secret
what's your secret sauce mom
they're discontinued in Tesco the blue
pasta this pasta this is like really
nice pasta when you guys buy it over
dinner this is going on okay maybe gonna
put I'll be down yeah this is kind of in
the ball perfect we're not in there
everybody has abandoned us look we come
for dinner we're giving about a wine and
everyone has abandoned us so Erika Emma
have gone to a jazz concert with her
friends
Emma's bands
is Titan along in the fiscal tonight
it's a jazz show things what the matter
saxophone and their basements up my love
Murray trip uh MSD is dropping them in
which means up here so we're just gonna
let off this land of luxury and they're
heating because I love me some Hayden
and love me some people ads Pitons
 all burger what's going on in
here
the big big movie oh I see now become
aware that's college so with the rat oh
and he's in there guys ah aren't you a
good girl
I don't know I couldn't I was like Good
Wife but their lunches a good white and
there's a good girl he likes clams
maybe he comes up maybe they're two
climbing for him yeah that's your do you
guys like clam clam pasta it was my
first time I've been clam pasta and I
must say so much you know I must say not
so much how how rude of me I'm such I
can see the comments now are you so rude
to mom or straddle bag but I'm not I'm
not I'm hungry but I've never been the
better I like seafood I like I like
fishy food I just don't mean like the
other stuff that's not fishy you know
yeah no no and this isn't like you know
I love like cine fish you know like
swimming fish put like barnacles and
squid and stuff such as Duchess I don't
like that's all my I don't know a
barnacle I remember when I was a kid we
lived in mail items in mail for about a
year it was a town called Belle Mullen
and Mail and then outside Belle mullet
like way like an hour or something else
I found mullet is like the end of
Ireland and is a place there called
can't remember but in can't remember we
my mom was running this adventure center
called ten degrees west and it's like a
pure Irish so I'm on him speaks pure
Irish like that she's running it for
this summer so she brought us down or
for like a few I was like way longer
than a summer I didn't head on for like
a long time I was like 13 or somewhere
so we lived there for them what I used
to do to get a pocket money and stuff
right is in the morning times I go down
when it Titan was having to go like as
far as I could and I reflect all the
barnacles off the like and the rocks and
stuff you have like massive sacks of
barnacles but you bring them to like a
fisherman or something like that and
they give you like you know like I think
was like a punch back in the punch days
this is like 1993 so back in like when
there's puns and you got like a pound or
I don't know like three or four hundred
so it was a it was a tough days job but
um you know those really really have
money clusters either the only thing in
like 100 mile radius was like one pub
and then just one hope there was one
snooker table and that was it
how is the only entertainment like
there's a couple of Colleen's around
Colleen this girl by the way was Irish
for girl barnacles was such a funny word
also we say like enough times a barn and
clothes right so I decided I am going
I'm checking Cece shredders open gates
you're like why is he looking at what I
dad am I so deep you guys follow me on
Twitter yesterday all right all right
you follow me on Twitter I'm just gonna
tweet barnacles and see what people
actually say to me if I just actually
tweet barnacles and see you again your
sponsors
there we can see it's official I've
officially tweeted barnacles let me see
if anyone actually says anything
are you there do you follow me on
Twitter and you just come up in your
timeline yes and you talk to yourself
what the hell did he just read particles
for get all confused this is why this
was the moment I did you know cuz we're
on our own here actually saying that
it's like oh my goodness like like three
years ago or even four years ago but now
his parents used to like go away and
holidays like when I was in college
because I died like a horrible student
test was crap so he used to come here
for like two weeks and we'd stay here
for the two weeks that they were away
and I'm just saying like oh my god like
like three or four years ago that's what
we used to do like in and you know and
now you know we're married like I was
like oh my god isn't it crazy how like
when life is crap time goes so slowly
but when life is great fun goes so fast
like this is the best relationship I've
ever been in and this is like this is
the best job I've ever had because of
that because of having the best job and
because having the best life and best
wife and being the happiest I've ever
been in my life and having all my
aspirations and dreams come together
this life is just going so much faster
you know it's kind of funny that way you
know it's kind of unfair that way you
know like when it's crap and depressing
it goes really slowly you know like oh
god it goes so slowly but you know I
think you have to really am I always say
that you've got to savor this badness
you got to savor the times when it's
really crap because you just have to
know like I was always saying that it
always gets better so it's like remember
when it's crap remember when you're
unhappy so when you are happy you don't
forgetting you remember why you're happy
rather than being happy always born
happy
I'd never appreciate being happy because
I've always been happy
I wasn't born happy and I didn't have
the most perfect upbringing and life and
like was tough and it was hard and I had
to like drag myself up and drag myself
through school in college and everything
to get myself to this moment in time the
way I am now but I can really appreciate
feeling happy because I have that
struggle to get here you know that kind
of way it's like just like the way we we
hate where we live right now and it's
all going and falling apart and so but
that she's going to make the next place
so freakin sweet ass so the sweet as pie
and then to be certain things obviously
you don't like about them even sweet as
pie when we go to the next place oh you
know that's how I feel like you think
this blog is good oh my god tomorrow's
blog is gonna blow your mind right I'm
just just saying I love you guys awesome
give me a hug
guys this is M D although I suppose it
is a Saturday night and people don't
know what you doing socialize or
something so what do you want your
Saturday night I like to go to Tesco I
think I'm gonna get something
oh oh I'm sorry is this the queue for
the chequered oh I need a nice area I'm
actually just thanks for reminding me
thanks thanks for reminding me whoever
reminded me oh wait a second I reminded
myself no is it but is it really
they don't have Jordans I'm afraid I'm
afraid of change guys
know what that mean the healthy choice
I'm like is he's got big granola they
look like small granolas okay I'm gonna
do it guys wait a second it's down the
bottom I couldn't do it I couldn't do it
I couldn't do it I saw them there down
the bottom quicks it's like a new thing
chocolate and haze in this that's the
rule when you find something that's new
that you've never tasted before the best
doctors finally how about some quirks
you got to be I'm kind of quirky like
that forget the tricksters they put
think I won't get one free underneath
the malteaser themself I only get one
free but it's actually for the Penguins
it's tricksters
so I actually grabbed the M&Ms again oh
look they're not tricksters oh my god
guys remember the zoo zoo thing we're
looking at looking found every house in
here
first no nose no nose is great Stan are
no lumps well that's a job that's for
your friends it's different
they must have a num nums where the
names
where's their names Dakota shamrock is
this huh Milly
mums benzyl chloride I don't think they
have a numbers no all right so sorry
they don't have an unknown man Reggie we
had my mom's oh my goodness okay ah
that's easy
her how much makes you found normal with
you
snow labs where's numbnuts
there's no lungs I can show you them oh
wait a second the answer wrong phone
she's the one that once there what do
you call them
oh yes I want you I want to see right
nappy change
oh my god for dolls contents not
included what baby not included no these
lotion works like a toy why would a
child want to chain the child's not be
this doesn't make sense and secondly
we're homeo world smallest radiator what
is it - ready yeah let's check it on
here a host like that Simon are the
settings ever 1 & 2 please oh my god
it's a beautiful thing
it's a beautiful thing I'm in love with
it I want to make love to it but just in
case you thought that is quite enough we
got a second one
oh this one is actually kept the same
make is a coffee maker that we own look
no weird haha it's the coffee maker
maker man Tamika man that is awesome
finally some heated coz last night
serious cronic but hopefully tonight we
will be dilapidated in our delirious
delusions of delight
you
