so you might notice from my outfit that
I'm wearing a lot of pink I actually
used to wear a lot more pink than I do
now and now that I my hair is darker I
feel like it suits me better cuz I kind
of feel like well it depends but for me
anyway when I had like super light blond
hair I felt like I just looked really
like barbie-ish and I didn't really like
how pink looked on me but I've always
thought that pink on brunettes is
amazing like it's such a nice color it's
in every color palette like for
brunettes whether you're like dark or
light skinned or anything so yeah so I
kind of enjoy pink now a lot more and
know that my hair is darker but anyways
that's totally off topic so we're going
to film for it's Breast Cancer Awareness
style haul if you don't know already are
doing a thing where they're like
digitally lighting up buildings like all
are in the world so if you want to kind
of submit your like city or Regina
building all you have to do is send them
a video of you well the date is over now
so I mean this is the like final date
that you could do apply so but all I
have to do is basically film putting a
pink ribbon on to like a kind of
important building in my town I thought
it'd be really cool to include course
because quark is such a small like
insignificant kind of town at like in
the grand scheme of things with like the
whole world you know like there's Paris
London New York all those places but
like cork is like it's not even Dublin
you know it's not even the capital but I
just thought it that's why I thought it
would be cool to put Cork in I'm like
nobody else is gonna have cork so you
know so I thought I do a kind of like an
old meaningful building and I think I'm
going to do you see see if we can you
see see it's the College in quark the
University and like it's a really
important University and it's like a
really old
the one that I have in mind so maybe one
and I think what would look pretty nice
so we're gonna try and find a ribbon
today because we kind of signed on for
this like really really late
because I didn't get the email because
there was like a mixup with my email
addresses like she said said anyways so
I didn't get the email until like a
couple of days ago and I emailed them or
you person and I was like oh can I
please be a part of this I really want
to you know because it's for breast
cancer and everything and like my dad
passed away from cancer so I want to do
something for this and she said yeah but
the the deadline is today so I have to
go and do this like booty Chrissy but I
think it will be really cool it's like
corn is in this hole it's probably the
only person artists yeah dammit I say we
definitely unless there are Irish people
are I'm not sure of any other I with
stylehaul I don't think so anyways so
that's I'm wearing all the pink I have
on a pink like top knit top from Sicily
and instead of like
and then I have this like more vibrant
pink scarf and this was from my brother
he actually gave it to my mom my mom's
underwear things and then I'm wearing my
heart rate of the song
oh I'll make a mistake all things make
up so I'm really excited to this I think
that it will be really cool like thing
to do and I'm just very happy that
represent like Marlon in general not
just for step one we need to get the
ribbon and you guys are made of ribbon
before is that a difficult task it's
just the house to me like that bigger
yeah it's got a bigger picture of it so
we're heading into
you guys suggested Nikki's the estee
lauder is all like estee lauder instead
of doing all of the agent so much like
the president
and if you don't already know October is
Breast Cancer Awareness Month so that's
why I thought happen hell but that's
what the rush the motive well
so estee lauder have like pink ribbons
up there
Cantor's I said no I don't know about
Ireland like at our own I'd say they
probably do what that kind of sounds to
me like they're little ribbons like are
they are titania yeah are people Sarah
and the one that we need is like this
night so we thought we would just make
ours but there's no way that like
you know what I mean
it's awesome it was sunny today though
yeah pretty compliment because I don't I
don't really care what you think about
it makes me happy knowing that it's
sunny today now it in the video it'll be
like this is always sunny we like to you
know go in very summery clothes I'm
wearing a ski a jumper a t-shirt and
they wouldn't break a jacket because
it's frozen that time even though it may
look sunny it's still frozen
don't be fooled by the Sun in the sky
it's still frozen in my eye
it was something wrong my camera and you
guys figure out what seems to be the
problem here there you go on level to be
or not to be questioned and the stairs
stairs yeah big camera which is opinion
are somebody's carried around me but
look that's the ribbon we want guys this
is what we need here and of those well
look we're just going to make one anyway
and looking about it's running at a time
running at a time to sharply this is not
like an idea don't forget those are all
guys
I'm not sure we're gonna make it to you
see see to fill on the other thing we
were going to need to see so I think
somewhere here in town niggas think
we're thinking the custom house outside
the city hall we're looking at that the
way and I was like City Hall is actually
kind of nice so maybe we'll shoot in
City Hall I don't see a time is evidence
is nice to Kevin's is nice as well
I don't know Devin's is a shot but I
feel like any of yous like advertising
your shop so it's probably not gonna
work but you can name it colour but I'm
pretty sure we can't wait till tomorrow
before you go somewhere he's not robbing
or very excited excited we're changing
the world as we talk
oh we're gonna hickeys oh geez that's it
there now please don't let us down so we
found someone's gonna save us now if it
doesn't work this is who we blame yeah
yeah I'll blame he's come in here and
give her abuse if it doesn't work is
only you can actually see it in the
video you know it's a huge
no no just like this this is kind of
sighs like just as you can see if your
video yeah yeah you know I the baby can
be honest yes
so please guys
yeah that's my face awesome what's
really big enough that we can see it
with it on the video when I pull back
that's all you know the bigger the
banner like that size is perfect that's
perfect like I'd say okay is that to be
no I think that's perfect yeah I think
that's probably better as soon as I see
it yeah yeah yeah yeah because when you
put it up you want to be able to see it
so you guys should totally check that
lady's still a city like hell didn't
even be able to make the ribbon on the
panel in here this is awesome
that's perfectly sized isn't it it's
okay cuz we actually like what we're
gonna do with all these final plans like
yeah it's like oh my god like that's we
just till the last moment looks like a
prom dress
yeah you're seeing to make off this trip
an intrical is true importance of being
that's true yes
awesome thank you so much thank you
awesome all done out you wanna actually
shoot the next part I was so cool like
girl was just standing there and she was
am trying to get some wool or something
and she was just watching what we were
doing and she's like what are you guys
trying to do say no no this is hard to
do it she's like totally took over the
project and made it for us
that was so awesome that she was there
she did awesome great so we have this
hope it's not dark outside it seems like
it is but I think it'll be okay like
because the world gets tired from time
to time if you didn't open awesome it's
still really bright outside right and
that's a bigger building we could get
the UCC before it gets done
well if we get the car I don't know
we'll make it in the car but we might
make the walking or we can walk over to
the mansion as determine the mansion
house and then see what time it are the
custom have done a mass and Hawkman
whole city up so many halls so much
Capuchin okay I think we're gonna play
the wrist game we're gonna try and get
to UCC before even it just got a little
bit dark right I'm using a very low F
and left F blends 1.2 F so I can shoot
very dark conditions and it'll still
look nice and bright so hopefully
hopefully where risk is gonna pair up
because I do think PCC will probably
look the best in terms of how the video
is going to be and when you look at all
the other places around the world I
think if you had UCC in the floor for
courts you know over the the archway
into it and then the whole thing run
pink I think and then I look awesome
I think it's worth the risk
thank you
now we have a little ribbon and a
massive ribbon you're not really pay for
the perfectly
so we abandon the risk plan because I
went to the chiropractor is about 500
billion cars cue to get out and I was
thinking well that's gonna take about 50
million hours plus the 50 million hours
that it's actually gonna take to
actually get to Aaron Patzer Street up
with Washington Street and then I ran to
the industry so I was like right this is
culture here and let's go just so I know
right get right here right now
I would love to that right now it's you
but we're not there it is over there
folks that's the goal and go Liam hmm
Carson rush Madeira
Luxio oh there's a little closer to the
lake that's not a lake it's a river it's
like awesome
we'll grab you in right here we go this
is the building the building of choice
the choice of the new generation
you guys should watch that video I can't
even leave your links I don't have no
idea where it's gonna here oh yeah the
silo channel props props jobs right it's
true this thing
excuse me building would you like to be
on YouTube building okay let's get going
let's do this
and that's it it is shot video is done
I've got a ribbon on the candy huh
we do you see things like yeah they get
out they get out they go that's it oh
and the candy hall city hall very high
oh yeah that's really cool though I
think it's gonna turn out really really
good everyone was really patient because
everyone's like walking by and kind of
stopping and letters and shooters Thank
You Cork I appreciate your cooperation
in this matter
