I danced in the morning and I danced in
the Sun that I came that heaven and a
blah blah blah la la la lalala la la cuz
I'll be the lord of the dance said he
okay you want to go for a thing about it
okay smart they've become right you even
need to touch it look you just need to
go Albie Albie what's that what's that
what's that that's what they become in
order to dance right well if nobody
wants these what's this
hey guys Wendy's because like this she
has won this do you want this no I don't
know if you really want this do you
in case kevin hands as Cesar Millan says
don't make your dog hyper before you are
blind on one side come here come here
come here come here come here
alright come on hold on put this on and
in in in in in and go boy
we're all up for walkies mother mother
epinephrine
walkies I love this summery wintry day
although autumn summery winter I suppose
some in the middle would be autumn
someone sent me a twit pic of a snow
it's snowing there my goodness oh wow I
love the snow
oh don't worry guys I have their
harnesses oh yeah someone say that like
their dog jump at the window in the
comments it's like don't worry like we
always have them on holes like just in
case cuz we no no I'm not so much Alvie
I would be too worried to him but Xena
I've seen us on something she like cheat
hop she jump richie go for it cuz she
think I'm out of here guys
Joe ciao bellissimo ciao bella ciao
Bello oh I love this wintery summer time
I can't wait for the snow guys I'm
pretty excited for the snow hope we get
the snow that we had last year that was
so exciting
can you wait for it next let's go
Halloween
although here's a question anyone in
court know of somewhere scary or haunted
or something we can do a Halloween thing
at I am my brother he lives up in am
kind of County Dublin and he was telling
me last year that there's like it feels
nearby him and he's got kids you know
and they went to this field and his
farmer had like him like this sort of
haunted thing set up when he got in the
tractor he brought them out in like the
darkness is like you know the middle of
the field and then there's those the
people like messing about with himself
and out but I went then he went to like
a hunted barn and stuff is there
anywhere in Cork like that or is
anything in court that we could do that
we like super fun we're obviously gonna
film this the night before at like the
day before Halloween so I can upload
this on Halloween put if you have some
suggestions please leave them in the box
below you write your comment you press
send unless that's how it's done it's
magical much missable local are we guys
ready you guys maybe we should go home
stop boy we just we just all do you
think she's ready to go yeah we do right
right we're looking at you turn the car
off the radio they know to send
I think this is must be the amount of
time that on a second there's a hair in
the lens I think this must be the amount
of time it takes for you to adjust after
like the wedding or two kind of climate
eyes you know it's like finally in the
last few days I felt a little bit more I
know if you guys can tell by my mood or
by the videos if you guys can read into
that I'm not really sure but you know
it's struggling there for like two or
three weeks after the wedding oh I don't
know when happiness I was just kind of
all over the place and I definitely feel
now like over the last few days and sort
of feel more adjusted and I feel more
like back to my old self or something
you guys know what I'm talking about
it's just like after the wedding and
then came back here and I don't know is
like the climax or I don't know what it
is like it was such a big event that it
takes time for you to sort of adjust
back to like the norm or something I now
I feel like the last few days like it's
gone back to like okay back to the norm
and stuff but still I'd still like to
move and stuff but I'm sorry just
getting a bit more you know adjust it if
that makes any sense I feel I don't feel
as doom and gloom Oh God Oh guys what
are you doing yeah there's a try like an
trolley sort of ruins it a bit there's
the motorway
there's motorways but I'm yeah feeling
good guys dippity tippity-top
my hat fell off the buck okay guys let's
go back I was a good did you enjoy that
16 kilometer walk no one point
was it again 50 meters yeah tomorrow cuz
a half a mile down another half a mile
back that's kind of what I actually do
on their cross trainer I do half a mile
I do a mile
it took me and took me 16 minutes the
last time to do my mile on my elliptical
machine that's what I kind of work with
so I keep trying to do it kind of I do a
sort of like you know am that bloody
thing so long as I train there anything
know when you like go fast and go slow
not not interval training can't remember
you can't remember endurance isn't that
the word endurance training or it is
that for a lot I think that's what it
was and he says in swimming who we do
like you know bilateral 400 meters
breaststroke bilateral 400 from : like
an IM 800 i am more like an 800 verse i
am you know about swimming you know the
hell I'm talking about if you don't
don't worry about it you're not missing
any vital information in your life but
yeah that's what I've been doing
it's Ryan like do like five minutes at
about 130 that's like the speed and then
do you like maybe two minutes at 180 and
then go back to the hundred and thirty
and then up to 180 I back the 113 up but
you don't sort of get my pulse racing
and that's my plan you know so I'm now
it's raining that's not fun that is the
end of the sunny day sunny day bug on
guys that's it it's all over was it fun
you know sorry guys it's all over no
more Sun Sunday Monday let's attach you
to my device and really show you this
anymore cuz always in it Anna to me oh
that's for the driving part
yeah looks like we're back in the
sunshine again good
old Orlando Orlando Bloom one minute
it's sunny looks good it's raining and
they'll be snowing by the end of today
they'll be kind of Awesome
Jimmer the first day laughter it's NOTAM
we went ahead in the middle of night and
we were like running around and everyone
came out in the entire area and everyone
was out making snowman's and all sorts
of stuff
snowman's and sheeps uh and then like I
think was the next day I tried to get to
the studio but I couldn't because like
the entire place it was like yeah now I
made a pretty good effort to get in I
know I did you guys remember that though
car wouldn't even like the car I would
go with the wheels would not and if you
like touch the brakes and the car would
just like slide all over the place
fun times we almost bought a Jeep then
we're gonna buy em a Land Rover
Discovery thing but where we were
supposed to meet the guy we couldn't get
there cuz of the snow like it's the
perfect time to buy a 4x4 Jeep but we
never did surrender of course y'all and
find this bad boy what you gonna do what
you gonna do with no copy cuts for you
now for some come future games mindless
violence but don't worry folks its
violence against the zombies not humans
so that's kind of accepted times break
open this bad boy oh where do we get the
ring you should I get the ranging I've
already got one
I've already got one for you do you want
the ring if I get it okay I don't have a
man men don't have to participate those
kind of things those cleansiness Oh
sometimes days you got it you go just
grab a loved one grab don't hurt me
boy I got makeup on this top and garden
you understand why now sometimes guys
find a loved one I just cut a little
like this and give me a good sniff
sometimes nibbling their picture your
hair is weird they're gonna shake it on
the sides of my head guys I'm getting a
mohawk what do you guys think leave some
comments I don't know like the musical
one do i do the dog one maybe I'm not
sure you know help for the pet tag yeah
okay guys I'm gonna cut it in the middle
because I want the good stuff and the
good stuff is in the middle okay well my
first slicing I've actually think I
found the ring we got a broken a knife
one or another thing has happened here
yep and it is there she is folks
boom look a knot nicely done if you are
not from a country that has this
tradition you're probably wondering what
that frack is that it is a ring it's a
little tradition in some countries to
give a gold ring inside of Brac I got it
I got it
um this is not a Seco okay message
cheated lied or not she put up a picture
of this just gonna go to my facebook
okay links down below and check out the
picture because I did not change picture
of just this part you didn't put up how
can I see you'll have these kind of
wings only people who had said seagull
wrong now I don't know if this is this
one
it looks to me like that's the clothes
staff Unitas one maybe an albino duck oh
maybe a goose yeah
or a gander Jesus don't know Keith don't
have this thing do they I think there's
one I don't get stuff not a seagull
bites because worse Eagles would have
big wings trying didn't put that in
because he wanted to be right so
everyone was like oh it's definitely not
a swine as wrong definitely feels like
you didn't put in the wings seagulls
have like pinks and long necks and long
necks where's the long neck where's the
long neck no long neck no Liam neck yeah
he's got no neck then anyways I think it
might be a dog squeeze it but what dogs
are white albino dogs you know what this
is the goose geese yeah well you all fly
away and they live with the guy yeah
Jack Daniels in I think yes yeah but
then afterwards he went to determined
over but that was a best film ever
anyways um yeah I thought maybe it was I
think they're called Hmong Mongoose
there they were black I don't know Plus
these wings are too stubby like how
could you fly with this feel like I
haven't vlogged in ages but anyways um
so yeah I just filmed a video for my
channel and it's so funny because I have
like the studio lights and stuff well
one cuz the other one broke and it
always makes it so hot and then like I
always I always have to like strip off
so sometimes in my videos I noticed not
my last one but is that
must have been a really cold day but
sometimes in my videos I just noticed
that like I'm wearing tank tops and
stuff and people are probably like
doesn't should have an artist like hi
which is not cold it's kind of the light
but then as soon as I got off like as
soon as I finished I had to put this big
cardigan back on because I was freezing
plus the rest if it has that room like
our bedroom in there is the by far the
warmest room in the house
that's the remnants of my video they are
so cute they're always in the background
of my videos cuz you know always like
lie down and like make criminal bed and
stuff and Albie is so funny in
yesterday's video if you watched my ass
on our video
oh my god he's like passive it was
fascist this video but he's there with
like his arm his arms his paws up in the
air it's so funny but anyways so I
thought it would make myself some lunch
even though it's like 4 o'clock or
something but I think we're going to
Nando's tonight which is like amazing
but I'm kind of bored of the usual like
I want I want to order something
different so I have to think Neve my
idea is even though it'll be too late
but if you go to Nando's let me go let
me go let me know what you usually eat
what you usually order and I might I
might try that because usually we get
the butterfly chicken but can I gets
boring after a while so I don't know I
don't really know what to say so yeah
and I feel like I have a whole lot of
makeup on right now because when I'm
making videos I always have to use that
blotting powder because for some reason
the light it's a combination of the
light and I think the camera as well as
it's an HD camera it like highlights
like any if you have any oil in your
face anything you always look really
shiny like even if I'm not shining in
real life on camera it looks shiny so I
always have to blot like loads and then
I always look like Kate it's like if
you're in a TV studio you always look
caked in makeup but in reality or in on
camera it doesn't translate that way it
translates like just normal it's weird
like it's so weird you have to wear it
so much more makeup
but anyways what am i doing right now
I'm gonna paper I'm just wandering right
so this is what happens I start vlogging
and then um I can't see anything
hold on solve that problem yeah that
didn't really do anything that's kind of
depressing but it works no couth sniffed
the chick or the turkey hi did you sniff
the turkey all right you guys can have
some I'm gonna be good you're gonna be
good
dance dance good girl don't tell me
dance dance Finn's pun dance dance dance
dance dance dance I don't want to give
it to her again okay I got to get you
some more joke this is gonna be so angry
dance dance
Toby yes no that's right down Vince
Vince Vince Vince dance dance dance
dance dance Holly dance oh yes good
Oh dance oh dance dance dance dance
dance good girl Cena dance dance dance
dance dance dance dance dance dance
dance cook girl Manos
dance up up dance dance
come on me he's not gonna get it until
he dances get down tell me dance dance
dance dance
it's go Liam on walkies it's go Liam I'm
the mother at Milwaukee's oh my god guys
it is so cold today he's freezing
calling her reasons not raining you know
we're gonna do though in about an hour
we're gonna be sitting down eating
butterfly chicken fries and sweet what
do you get you still waiting in a
response you let me go hungry you see
what we're doing guys is that every
single week we go in a different day
because like you know if we kept going
every single Friday then people you guys
would know that we're in that another
Friday's so this week we're going on a
Thursday I think last week we went in a
way no last we're gonna fight it look
for it I went on Wednesday see it's a
fun game we play so if you go to Nando's
every single night every single week you
will eventually run into us oh yes you
will hey let's go get out of here
let's go Liam oh yeah I got another
intro man the intros you guys are making
are awesome some are so funny yesterday
with the little camera Oh Suzette look
they're like a production company or
something called zombie daata eak 30nm
but in quirky but and when the one that
took that I just got now which is gonna
be in the end of this one it's so funny
is like at the end it's like mom well
that's obviously a good boy he always
writes but I keep those intros and keep
those outros coming guys they're totally
awesome I look forward to them every
time someone tweets me or send I'm like
yes like they're so cool thank you guys
guy do you guys guys what did you guys
did a palm tree or something
kids the story of the judge no like
every common yesterday's video was like
please tell us the story didn't need to
know okay
you I love it okay guys I'll tell you
because I'm awesome okay so it was a
ordinary day if they just like any other
day and we were sitting in the house
waiting to bring a B and C no where are
we going we're going somewhere there's a
reason we have to what's he doing there
was a reason we had to go somewhere
anyway and I went to let Albie and Cena
out to have a quick run around but there
was a disturbance that disturbance we're
going to Dublin that's right we're going
to do where's the disturbance in our
Park area so of Lake and misbehaving you
know the ones that we were talking about
that were coming up all the time kind of
annoying us well they were like jumping
in this girl's from the wall and you're
like jumping on and off it messing about
you know so she came out and start
screaming at them but she was like
proper hardcore like screaming like you
know we are like sitting in the window I
just don't like so am so you know it
kind of went on and on and as looters
walking away they're all like scary mac
and sticking their fingers up stuff and
no one went back inside and then the
kids all came back out to add to her
wall like you start throwing things
himself and then just as we were going
like the puzzle pieces can start coming
into the state and they were driving
around looking for the kids the exit of
our syrup Park area
they were all hiding behind a car the
police stuff they grabbed them all it
was like oh my god this is amazing
what yeah they kept good they kept at it
like when we first moved in it was just
not certain you kept ringing the
doorbell and like just too annoying
albian so you know just take them bark
Jonathan we made we made the mistake the
first first mistake we've made friends
we didn't realize we're like oh we're
nice and we should never be nice to them
that's the trick I mean I got upset they
want it so they just kept going back and
like sending other kids especially
because we live in a bungalow and you
can see in yeah the kind of the idea
naira
yeah they know now but now we're like
you can come back for Halloween yeah
okay that's what I say Dyna when she's
sitting area so for Halloween's like
don't make it too inviting Oh thankfully
I was kind of worried that the tunnel
might be closed again German as opposed
to you today and we couldn't get home
and I was kind of worried that it might
be closed and we've driven all the way
down here because we want to get the
first exit just past the tunnel but if
the tunnels closed that would mean going
all the way into town all the way back
around like
crazy Oh oh my god it's so cold oh my
god what the frak is so cool everything
I've done end of the Golden Age half
contenders we go home go together
what's the lane take some chicken and
order what is in my mouth and I'm going
to taste a secret tasty sauce but flat
what about a better better better better
better fried chicken I can help you boo
that cheeky little butter butter butter
butter fried chicken whatever but what
if I want October 12 is that today know
something thing up there's like 20
people there it's very odd I feel like
something's going on
we don't know better but then we're
gonna be in the middle of it and then
we're gonna be like of course we knew
better I know that's the thing is also
at earmuffs the bloody needs them so
they don't have a
absolutely like that we're gonna wait
for people working 15 each I've but like
I don't want me I don't want us today
I'm a regular at this point
really like bored
they look old
Minako but I will wait for the right
table and in the table guys look we're
actually right beside the young
checked that clear do you want a menu
everybody no I don't need a menu and if
exactly what I want is my hair crazy
2424 close to the door you maybe should
just go and take that we just take our
own food kind of cool right let's go get
this
I get that sauce I'll get plaything
detective rinks
it's my play trick because it's to mark
to try everything max obviously is an
actual plate just makes it easier what I
did not see someone do that I came up
with that all on my own
TM trademarked real - for me you guys
see my tweet today about breast cancer
awareness team look we just noticed look
they're actually participating in
because they're all pink when I was
using here
I got popcorn oh come on
it is a good color so we're going to go
to UCC tomorrow we're going to fill them
and it's gonna walk up and put a ribbon
on UCC and then we're gonna get a couple
of different shots and then we're
sending it off to stop and they're
getting gurus mic all around the world
to do this and what will happen is that
there they've got each country will go
all pink you know for Breast Cancer
Awareness Day each landmark we just
thought you see serious part like the
best landmark in court and I would
aspire or something like I don't even
raise anyone in total I'm actually doing
this what we're gonna shoot it tomorrow
but we just noticed there the balloons
everywhere with it with the ribbon
that's we also need to find or I put my
tree that day yesterday if you guys
follow me on Twitter we will see now I
was looking for a pink ribbon so I think
we're gonna do is you're gonna go to a
fabric store get some like pink silk and
then just sort of make our own sort of
ribbon hard yes like so satin or
something yeah but I yeah that's gonna
be
and we're gonna go to Tesco get
ourselves a treat because oh my god is
it here he's where he bought Anna's
engaging right when I when I knelt down
that's very wise for starters I came
here that morning I don't think so
