good morning and welcome to the father
Tilden's oh my god I am frozen frozen
like how friendly crows and but you can
tell I've been abandoned as well
Anna has left me she left me for the
heat the heat of her mother's car jump
Jack it's too cold even if jump jacks
now break out yeah oh yeah oh honey bait
hmm bollocks ooh
reindeer bring near than truly holy now
let's get some from a dish
mmm oh it's a wintery out there babe
it's the saltiness you all gonna join
I'm sorry guys
because today I am one day closer to
moving out of this place Oh
see that's how you make is easy and you
open the drawer it's like Oh where's one
of the spoons it's like no fear of folks
edge then you take your spoon and when
you're putting them back you do
oh my god I'm freezing cold I'm so
freezing cold and it's so rainy outside
all the time
ah so rainy and cold me hello Betsy his
Iranian caller how was your day go ahead
look at me how oh my goodness am I good
walking around here
cell phones me talking about myself how
are you come on like how are you how was
your day you know how's things how's
them at school gone you know month in
month into school college is don't you
just started like a week or two you go
so you know how's that working out for
you you know has the job as the new job
that's the old job how's the
relationship going you guys getting a
lock you know is it working now did you
get married you having a baby oh my god
are you not bitter did you break up I'm
sorry to hear no that is terrible
oh I'm so give me a ha there there there
there it'll all work out in the end you
will I'm telling you it was always
worked at and yet wasn't today better
than yesterday because today usually is
better than yesterday and if today is
crap don't worry because tomorrow oh my
god tomorrow is going to be even better
than two days that's my kind of outlook
and everything it always gets better you
know those campaigns when I say it gets
better no crap it does get better it
gets better to a certain point then I
guess crap again but it has to get crap
because your expectations of it being
great kind of slowly diminish themselves
if it keeps getting better so then it's
like well hold on a second mister you've
had you've had way too much good luck
you've had way too much fun I'm gonna go
ahead and kick you in the nuts oh ah and
then the pain of being kicked in the
nuts subsides next thing you know it's
like because it's awesome again you know
that's just how it works like right now
you know I'm like oh it's cold it's
raining then the heating might turn on
in the next week or two to be like oh my
god is the best day of my life
you know and then I'll get bored of the
back to the heating's on and something
else will go wrong like oh my god it's
the worst day of my life but then that
will get fixed and I'd be like oh my
life so um every day if it's kind of
crap just know tomorrow it's going to be
awesome oh my god have you guys ever
used the annotations I was watching a
rhett and Link video uh and it is called
annotation thing and it's so funny but
it's like what I'm saying it just go
ahead there is we come off the region
twice cuz you and so funny and you guys
actually leave those on I'm not I
started leaving them on a videos now
although I'll probably get distracted I
should just read everything in Nike
watch your videos but I said that was so
funny albian Cena I'm not a fan of my
friend the vacuum cleaner or the Hoover
is some people refer to hey no biggie
okay so plan of attack I'm gonna back
him the whole house cuz unfortunately
guys that's something that has to be
done from time to time so you just pop
that in there and she pops pull this out
of here see you know I was thinking
what's going on obviously like all right
because you see even youtubers must do
daily chores I thought when I got
married my wife
was gonna do all this I didn't know I
even have to do it what's the point
again and marry dead see the way I work
it out right is there's two ways to
vacuum
who's the lazy way and that's the turo
way and I figured that you could you can
do about two or three lazy's to everyone
thorough so for example if I want to
just vacuum you're right this is just a
lazy way he serves come here just kind
of like you can do that like two or
three times but every two or three
vacuums you have to move the couch you
got to move the couch you get in behind
the couch and do the thorough clean now
I'm all for the lazy clean and I can say
right I vote lazy clean over thorough
clean but I figure my ratio of one two
three sometimes four been known to even
do five but inevitably you gotta get
behind here because if you don't make
him behind there my creep recall is to
do becoming the spiders coming cuz they
wove their webs and they think oh this
is a nice holiday home I think I'm gonna
live here bring the entire extended
family of spiders now I want you tired
extended family of spiders because this
is what they look like they'd be all
living here and the quadrants my mouth
when I'm asleep and I lay eggs in my
mouth and then every up so if you want
spider eggs in your mouth while you
sleep don't do the thorough clean but if
like me you don't really want the
spiders going into your bed at night
laying eggs in your thumb and creating
little baby spiders running around your
mouth and having a party then I suggest
you move the couch when you do the
thorough clean come on guys it's
thorough clean time
exterminate exterminate come on they
think they wouldn't because I think
whatever well to have any of you awesome
people have a suggestion what we should
do with this because it's been hanging
here since the wedding because someone
said leave it hang to let it dry out a
little sort of falling apart there so
not sure what the next stage is like why
I'm still here as well
oh my tini oh but I'm not sure what the
next stage is there's the wedding dress
oh so if you leave me some suggestion
what the next stage is that we should do
with this that'll be awesome because
we're not really sure we're supposed to
do
I think it kind of gonna go moldy ins
falling apart and stuff so not really
sure what we're supposed to do put it in
a book or I don't have no idea so much
that leave it in a dark place so we left
it in a dark place it's been a month
it's completely dried out and sort of
falling apart now so M what's the next
stage in the plan yo alright see now
listen clean a nose alright next stage
is normally the immersion would have
been on or something so you would have
hot water but unfortunately for huts
things so boiling the kettle and then
this is my little concoction okay I know
you're gonna tell me like just today but
we don't have any self yeah been washing
up liquid right prop bit of washing-up
put in and then get dams like a
and you know thinking spray it in there
so we've got a mix of an antibacterial
wash and a like dishwashing stuff go mix
and my they don't antibacterial with my
very liquid and creating very devil okay
this is also a good technique you beat
on it heating wash the floors to your
house because it will heat you up so I'm
gonna strip off for you guys right now
like what one hat hi
it's a sexy just my my name is sexy
dance did it oh it's cotton I have a
thing about cotton you may or may not
already know but everything look back on
her ayah what whoa whoa whoa what's
happened what's happened
this is scandal stick us scratch
whoa look at this door closed by itself
Quan Tina in or out H out so seen a
husband sided for you let me close the
door give stuff guys
good choice I like that choice it's a
choice at the new generation
lunch time after the hard-working day
give me some country radish mmm rucola
and a little bit of Turkey where of
course in coffee coffee for two doesn't
happen to marry guys cuts to make your
wife everything
what you got a peanut how's your driver
you got a fever you look after but it's
all worth it
when she gives me a little kiss on the
cheek once a month once a month she
kisses me right there
I look forward to it I save of all my
aspiration and excitement for that one
day and I come into my doings like look
what I found guys oh my god actually
match the bloody the top of the bloody
knees don't you love this out of me you
do you look very cute I can't buy my huh
my starts and you ever found my hat yeah
god I knew that pumpkin accessory let's
go what are you doing
okay let's go let's go let's play let's
go let's go it's actually warmer in the
car then it is in the house
that's crazy you know what else is crazy
I've never ever watched that show but
there's the thing going on about YouTube
and it's damn man and a half man tree
and a half man man I have fun I've never
watched it and he goes watch that show
and he's a better one lasting future
then it was where the other guy that
went crazy I don't I don't know anything
Astin awesome kuzhi kuzhi Aslan keisters
he's better with a song or the drunken
man who was waiting all the time and as
dragon's blood or something about that
drove past niggas car fell apart as he
drove by I'm sorry sir your car is
actually falling apart I feel that
happened this rumor in document I'm or
hubcap fell off
this is me camera and you came right in
the corner just as the air the hubcaps
fell off and I just looked like Connor
and I saw it in the rearview mirror
rolling away but I was like no no I'm
just gonna ignore that I'm just gonna
keep on trucking but do you think I look
like hey someone left us something in
the comments about getting a heater from
Argus damn heaters here look at Glenn
fan heater it's only 20 quid to care
what he choice of settings I don't know
man there's not much better but you
saying that like chief say that you're
really expensive well I used to go to
work and sometimes forget to turn it off
when it wasn't a crazy expensive but and
this one looks good because if we do end
up having to wait another two weeks for
that eating like like this morning I
could even get
that it was so cold like actually wakes
you up faster than a copy well then he's
gonna get to kill wrong I know what that
means them to killer what output does
that look like the one you looked at an
Argus what are you doing I don't even
fit in any of those classrooms Nina I
don't think you're gonna fit in that one
okay I think you dropped something oh my
god is that Freddy Krueger - an official
Disney Snow White
how is it official feel like we have
this festival to ourselves there guys
it's a completely empty it's like the
old days it's like olden days whoa -
ninety-two three sloppy just happy oh my
god you know for the sloppy Giuseppe's
please remember this is better with that
first time we actually saw it no
within us lucky just happy anyway give
me comedy if you remember the first time
I saw its lucky just a piece I was going
on a better learn a goddamn word you
want guarantees
these ones everywhere had these before
give me a slope intercept Oh crud I
don't know we have a bottoming out but I
remember too sloppy Giuseppe you give
that one a when I say the word sloppy
just happy I automatically I'm reminded
but that's funny the hell says 15-year
old big night meal deal then you got a
free DVD
what for DVD what do you do with DVDs
how do you get a DVD onto your laptop
oh it's DVD Drive although I really
plasticine combativity drives me more
it's a question for you guys do you have
a to push like this a normal toothbrush
or do you have one of these things you
know the automatic thing is because I've
been I have not yet progressed actually
using one of that one of these things
yeah because only the other day we got
new to bushes and we bought the 360 a
involvements just a normal toothbrush
thing but I always wondered like are
these teams banner the electric ones for
like there's a 22 year olds so like 25
euros each so for like 50 euros for us
to buy two am but should we start using
the electric ones or do you guys
actually use their like the standard
brush one you know leave me some
comments give me some suggestions
because you guys are awesome like that
you guys know everything so you can a
part some information that would be
awesome
PS if you are Colgate or a manufacturer
o stead toothbrushes P o box 211 wash it
in straight I think I'm actually just
gonna have to go ahead and buy a
Halloween breck okay contains one ring
because it's just too tasty they're just
too tasty what I always look for it is
the most smushed shiest one that's what
you're going for I'm trying to side
Irish pride one
test bed 1 to teach our one but sitter
t10 one seems to have cherries in it or
the rest of them don't seem to offer me
the cherries so I'm gonna try this one
today probably come back tomorrow yet a
couple more it doesn't work that now I
have seem to have lost an Adele with my
wandering so ah ah there she is
there you are what have you found did
you what
can you figure out what I saw instead it
wasn't the pirate was it this is who
he's not hi what this is what she saw
and thought that was me that look like
me
you
