Tuesday morning mm-hmm
like Monday Monday is a good Tuesday so
it's kind of different I guess okay
whatever let's go Oh yep scrum town it
is go make some scrum denim makes your
hair better forever amuse me forever
amazed by that so pop a little bit early
today because I gotta go to the gym
because I've got to make back plus I
want um take a picture for dinner
it is um I I drove this channel and
you're following you know shameful link
you gotta follow him I am NOT gonna call
my weight loss adventure because it's
not really about losing weight it's more
about toning up as I keep saying you
know so you're gonna fall out of bed you
just go ahead there but it's one week in
and I've been through gym twice cuz you
only manage to do it twice yeah we did
one time second time I used to pull and
stuff but um I definitely feel even just
an even just I'll go to more detailed
NATO channel about this but I definitely
feel even though I've committed to doing
it and I've started doing it I do feel
better
which is kind of odd because there's no
way that I could have actually changed
my body at all at this stage after one
week
I've only doing it twice but I
definitely feel like I've actually
changed and I think that's where I think
that's really important I think you know
to actually start doing it and then feel
that you're actually doing something
which gives you the motivation to
continue to do it because straightaway
I'm already getting rewarded for
actually starting to do something yeah
kind of way know what I'm talking about
so yeah I'm just gonna makes me happy
get the blog it is from yesterday saw it
and I'm head off and pump some arm and
seem like a swimming
swim after the gym we go I'm gonna work
out so hard today yeah I'm gonna make my
body ache I'm gonna make my body
desirable for the lady yeah Oh Cal pal
that Chuck oh my god it so cold in the
house one of these days we're gonna have
heating - we've never had eating and it
is getting cold or Bowl or polar that's
the thing when I was saying like weren't
happy I like the property you know like
if we can move that house it's just
where it is in the middle of like no
Liam where we're surrounded by no Liam
oh jeez
so that's the thing that you're trying
to get anywhere
yeah right yeah so Joe Purcell got one
to learn how to drive I'm just terrified
because
did you now time to work those muscles
to the breaking point
Wow maybe at the breaking point at some
sort of a point point a we'll call it
that was a that was definitely the most
intense workout so far to the wrong
machine for like 20 minutes and yeah the
crosshair thing for 25 minutes and then
these weights for about 15 minutes are
definitely the toughest way
that firstly oh you know as my monthly
weight loss no I told him isn't leave
the gym together that's what good people
do that rain oh yeah like it's like
gizzle rain I hate freaking drizzling oh
my god
halo is more today the wrong mission is
the playing minute what Willie proposed
yeah it's crazy I am my arms of dad my
body's dead you know what that means
that one day closer to the beach body so
what did you do with your day
Oh me I was on hold for like 20 minutes
I'm counting try and get my gas on
because it's breathing this is seven
this is BS present a day like for all
the vlogs you'd be just like just
hanging the backpack we're all in here
Marlene here is a team punished
if you could go away still here still on
hold
Oh God keep turning list and hold 26 so
Turkey three minutes on home and we have
established that they fact something up
along the way no one is instead of a
zero one zero zero one zero whatever she
was telling me and she's like don't
worry we'll get an appointment as soon
as we can it do these little buzz words
nor like yeah how long is that gonna
take
Oh two weeks or something like that like
two weeks so in two weeks we'll have an
appointment and then God knows they'll
just schedule something in could have to
be another week after that and internee
like what the hell is this like this is
insane
she was like it's just always so hard to
be angry at enemies on her father person
give me the original person I was
talking to you two months ago who signed
up already turned the ESP snippety snap
they got that on oh crap um Phyllis so I
said I'm gonna go onto Twitter now is we
do you find the company on Twitter and
you still you you go alright hate you
electricity it's all I can do I
powerless let's all go to Omar's house
get ourself a free meal mother-in-law's
totally awesome at dinnertime
giant no I don't know we're down another
light it has a parting again go party
again let's go everybody said let's go
let's go let's go
let your amazing oh you're like an
amazing oh my god you're like totally
frickin amazing I'll get Ritchie ready
got touched kids right it is frozen in
the house so what we do guys is we do
job Jax jump jack jump jack and
everybody to jump jacks jump jack jump
Jack come on you please come on
copy which way did you let her out it's
warmer out here than it is inside
oh my god
that is crazy it's like colder inside
the car where's the keys Oh Liam Oh God
hey wait a second my items goodness me
there's two little girls I did request
rode that are terrified of audience Cena
I don't always like those like running
away left your phone here silly Billy
and I just looked open a two-timer
sitting at their bedroom window cuz that
we'd seen like barking running around
all excited they were just like looking
at the window like they always do i cute
thing no no
you got cut you never do it the police
the woman screaming oh my god you guys
and I'm not recorded like over an hour
yesterday I had to cut some things out
even know people leave comments and say
tell me the gossip tell me the story I
may tell you isn't really your friend
you are my sunshine my only sunshine you
make me happy when times are blue you
know how much I love you Jai know why I
hate the ice-cream man comes in and it
is like your loudest most deafening as
it sounds speaking thing in the world
and you dislike ah how many videos is a
rule in you Nina I always want you know
we're gonna have ice cream tonight yeah
but hello like summertime anymore hello
kitty hello moto it's not summertime
anymore and yeah there was kids at the
ice cream friend at 7 o'clock and what
the buck is redonkulous
it is redonkulous that they would sell
ice cream I bet he's gonna be here all
year round you'll have like ski slopes
and you become an in like too much no
looks like picked us now up and you're
like pee in it you be like lamb flavored
snow oh we're gonna hear mama get some
mums with you what is she cooking
what was the yeah what was talked about
oh oh it's a surprise a lot of the times
I hear that it's like a roast chicken
and roast potatoes guys how you wrote me
up what happens when I get there
so broccolis - we never lie
I've never lied about what we're gonna
be being a few times guys yeah sometimes
maybe not a lie but there might be
something I was left out so give
anything what it is right that's why I
said idea see if I were a horrible
person I would have my god what what the
hell is a flying demon in the car is a
flying demon in the car talking about
tasty tasty lb oh you can hear it sizzle
Oh sizzle II is it from Sicily goodness
sake there's just so much to do here
it's like a full plane you can eat your
food at a million pictures ready ready
take pictures on it what do you guys see
Jesse come on
I press the button I did it just froze
like that
how is that my fault how is that my
fault it just froze like that it's still
like that that's not my fault
I always take the best pictures of you
oh I specifically remember yesterday I
specifically remember yes it's not that
was my handling of the whole - that was
my taking the photo lies are lies
oh you dropped something in that bowl by
mistake Anna always microwaves the ice
cream let's have a look at the frozen
ice cream here bugs okay school it's
like what have you done to it like it's
not ice cube anymore it's mushy cream
where's the ice where's times show me
time why is there a finger hole here you
something me it's not wasting ah there
we go there we go that's why I never eat
ice cream innocence there's always
melted I like my ice cream to be icy
have a percentage of frozen this to it
vanilla BBQ which ones you get anyway
for all liens and cream oh that was
amazing that was amazing
the Shepards phenomena shepherd's pie
the lasagna was amazing it was it's what
I do that there's a lot of people that
hate what I do that
did you know what I say to them so
Terranova went on you got to watch that
we got home also and you guys watch The
Apprentice last night don't them let's
texture and you guys watch the Irish
Apprentice did you a who's your favorite
so far I like the bearded man just cuz
he has a beard no one else does it was
really boring why it might get better
might get better might not get better
hopefully it'll get better that's what
ITV should do for the M for the Irish
presidential race this should make some
sort of like X Factor or apprentice TV
show where they all have pasts each week
and then in the end people vote in and
they have em have a new president
hopefully everything in the world should
be done on reality shows now it should
be like the done thing like X Factor
president factor that P factor nope
would you who's your would you get P
factor everybody's listening to me can I
help you can I help you there there's
something you would like
you enjoying your slop sludgy slop for
you in your mouth so let's get this I
gots to play computer games with my bro
first I must play Kabir again dear
brothers that's like that's like what we
do it's like we have a bond
you don't wanna break that bond do you
enemies yeah are you behind there pull
the curtains mm-hmm oh my god
Eric hysterical and I don't want to
catch the contamination don't touch me
that's the thing about when you're going
on populated areas stay away from the
contaminants oh you see them don't did
you have to sterilize the contaminants
she cooked she coughed run for your
lives the tunnel that brings us home is
closed well that's your turn into the
city center
but how do we have to go into town
around the keys I'm back again let's get
to Silver Springs Oh Mike Oh Liam this
is for real this is for real yo this is
all her crap I don't are we
supposed to get home
oh my god I'm planning to figure out how
to get home roads are closed
oh man hell here's one go for Drive
it's crazy half of the department is
closed if I have to drive all the way
into town together oh my god this is
crazy
are you doing this to me oh hello
Douglas
how are you doing today let's pull up an
escape to the petrol station here and
turn around it's probably a bad thing to
do probably the best thing okay guys
keep on truckin
well here we are in town guys I just
wanted to bring you to Cork City Sandra
at night just to give you crazy quick
look you know nothing to do with the
fact that the only way across the river
and quite other than driving into the
city centre is closed
what do people do before they had
tunnels we have six all the way into the
city to go off the way back out again to
cross the only bridge here is enjoying
the drive
oh my god I'm in the middle of Patrick
Street what am i doing in the middle of
516 I know I'm not supposed to be here
what are you two doing over there I'll
be busy
I like being in town back what do I do
this
of the a marina
a life family
oh the world's moving Ali was he so
stimulating for him
as I thought
and finally we can cross the bridge
rottenness he came all the way out here
just across that bridge oh wait
separate clothes guys I got the best
parking spot in a lot check it out
why look at that no I just use not you
know we could just use that but then we
have to place a trolley around I'm not
the probably pushing type and this not
amazing watch out for the barriers the
barrier reef the risky barrier
didn't write I tried to put what
front it a discussion about that job I
didn't know it's not home front I
thought it was just a home front type
story toes hello hi it's this hey guys
you see DM iPhone 4s that was just
released today well not released what
they talked about today it's only two
hundred dollars so I was like um when
that thing is releasing is that a joke
what a knitting magazine
oh my god you can make so it is kind of
cute
I know how to knit you guys know it's in
it I can knit I can french knit as well
but and yeah iPhone 4s
$200 now I know it's not being released
in our until December but I think that
means like a service provider sounds
like I might just get onto Apple calm
like on the 15th or something and this
order
speaking of ordering it is I just think
it's out of focus not talking that a
focus that I hope you guys can see that
oh my god oh my god microwave ovens for
two heroes Oh save two euros probably
last about 10 seconds I'm sorry model
mum
a modern mom this is Irish is Irish it's
Ireland's first smells brand new me this
is my new Charlie guys like
oh my god
are you serious like ridiculous kids
cakes wizard come on with the pumpkins
little with that so you're attracting
masks
oh my god I love you guys it oh my god
cool ah what are you guys gonna dress up
for Halloween
have you planned it one of those you've
like a a maiden if you like to be the
girl and king of Game of Thrones free
teeth free teach I just paid buddy I
didn't know any came free yeah hopefully
a.m. and you guys want to invite us to a
Halloween party just leave me a comment
if you guys want to invite us and we
will turn up in our kitty cat makeup
maro
