right
the light is live can get girl hmm
so coffee Co this is what we're down
with guys with you know
if I wake kettle where would I be
where would I be I'd be here for fun
tusky oh yeah they're in your Papa
turned on oh all right when I'm God
oh boy what temperature is it I don't
know a chance which wind pressure
humidity
19.1% no Celsius 1901 Celsius all right
here's the thing
it's economical oh look it's ideal check
your home temperature my home
temperature is ideal nice nice we got
like hardly any sleep last night because
a certain somebody we're not gonna name
names but happens to be a male Maltese
dog do you have something to say to me
you have something to say to me do you
there's guilt in that walk I can tell
it's me out for pee pee before I must go
tinkle
papa all night long every minute of
every night time he was like I need to
go outside I hate you I hate you you
know that I hate you but gosh darn it I
love him at the same time that the
conflicted relationship we have
relationship of love and hate
Levin hage I just remember I didn't have
never got to fill them for the IODP
challenge yesterday which was to take a
picture and go to the whole like you
know take a picture of me topless put in
me and and like weighing and stuff so
what I wanted to do is I noticed
probably not much of a difference but I
wanted to make sure each week you might
do it every single like the same like
every Sunday flood there today which is
Monday but it should make you meet your
difference what if I do it every single
week then at the end and like in like
two or three months when I've got there
you know I mean ideal body you know what
I'm talking about
you know what I've you know I find I
find it shh-shh when I see me my
vitamins and then I can run like a
montage alright
right here's javis demands there's like
yes I no longer eat I do actually in
fact eat the pies I just don't sit on my
bum so much I do for a run in the
geminus swimming swim swim now look at
me I'm a fit man Oh whose copy is ready
hi guys and welcome to this the coach
told me throw my name's Nina but don't
call me Nina he's only a letter calling
me Nina nobody else pisses me off when
people call me Nina you don't know why
but he doesn't mind you calling him
jealous though that's sorry because I
cannot stand being called John yeah and
my name is Jonathan and people people
just different name people just take it
upon their lipid people take their
liberty of just taking my name and
dropping in at half dozen Jonathan look
so cool and sexy blue shirt blue
sweatshirt and watch it pass that's
crazy
and um what take my outfit guys I'm
gonna be on TV
camel where's your um little tiny tots
going to school just showing you guys
like it's like what do you do I am
feeling a what I'm wearing segment where
are you are well I am wearing a Jones I
can't find a white t-shirt and black
skinny jeans anyways you'll see it on
our ite can I eat eat you won't just sit
on IDE you guys in high school and
Renoir
oh my god I'm anti just do right now hi
quick meet up and props you meet up
right now you missed it it's over sorry
moving on I hate traffic I forgot no
traffic is like and now I remember
traffic is like and I remember I hate
traffic okay so I'm ready to go back to
court now thanks a lot appreciate that I
appreciate all your hard work
thanks a lot Dublin we've had a lot of
fun to find a lot of good time but I'm
ready to go now
oh come a dog is like mom hey doggy
doggy
oh wait a second I might have to attack
my statement Dublin we appeared to be
moving moving swiftly Oh God Peppa God
every time ago ran another corner I'm
greeted with the same
Marnie was traffic we have arrived
radio delish Ellen that's good fight I
need some coffee
it is so strangely warm this morning
it's like odd almost look there's the
transmitter for the television station
television listing you have to climb up
that that's how it works do you climb up
there and you go hi guys
the hydrogen cannon the whole entire
country here zero seriously guys that's
the magic of television this one
probably like has it just been strangely
warm in Dublin for the last ages and we
just have not been here I'm sort of
feels like this like there's a cool
breeze but it's really warm
mm-hmm it's like really odd okay in a
television studio lucky wife and an arty
cake to make okay to make up see you to
pursue wherever I go I'm not more
anybody's I'm a real man you just start
people started vlogging
yeah you just go he sees just that's it
like it really I feel like can I can I
can I record you yeah if you ask people
they say no way just go for it
okay okay okay I'm gonna get some tips
on how to do this okay masters go do it
okay you've told me my camera is all
filled up he's no Bloggie like you guys
remember like a year ago what we started
off with how many cameras have you been
there a lot into a lot of cameras six or
seven how many is that Anna
plus your ones like which is the bigger
ones bet six or seven yeah it's okay
you'll drop it a lot see the string yeah
yeah let's put her in her arm yeah war
signs blood
let's go this one has no space on as
well she said memory harkened just one
darn second oh just some chocolate Edler
yeah that's thinking of signing up for
some some spin classes while we wait we
need a microwave oh he sees okie and you
guys know okey yeah yeah well oh my god
we don't want me okay so after I say
action it's just basically - waiter - so
can't you do it in your head okay okay
okay all right stand by confer take
Antakshari hey guys so today I just
wanted to talk about my outfit it's kind
of incorporating the denim trend so
cropped denim jackets are really in for
fall or autumn winter 2011 so I was
really happy I thought because I've had
this denim jacket for forever and I
really love it
what's that work
proper submarine here there will be no
submarines to deal I don't think it's so
bad in the fashion faux-pas part too
much pink this is my fashion faux-pas
you can tell us what you thought you
were doing what was going through your
mind at the time where you are elf - did
you get a particular reaction when you
were eyes that made you realize it was a
fashion full power or was it just in
hindsight that you're like oh that's
never gonna happen again white screen
you should wear these at home laughs she
said laughs oh look you can see yeah
could you turn around slowly a little
bit I don't want to see the back of the
jacket yeah oh that's really cool keep
going it's awesome totally I'm wearing
white
do you enjoy it is it awesome
I think it was nice of them yeah it's
more relaxed like yeah yeah yeah I think
the difference we the tv3 thing was that
it was live and I think I'm doing a live
show it's just that it's a lot more
stressful like because you can do edits
and cuts you know like the same as we
shoot our show you know it's all I
produced you know rather than having to
live like we were in a kid's submarine
that was kinda awesome guys cuz like I
recognize that for me actually not that
I watch kid shows during today but I've
been known to dabble in you can show
stream today and I recognize those
everything's like what oh my god so
we're gonna try to get some you know I
was here
that's what I like the celebrities
hanging out like this this is like it's
like everyone everyone in this room is
like super famous right now seriously
that guy over there famous famous famous
famous
that is awesome we got a reward just
that's why we're at the table with the
flowers but this it's a sort of hot
flowers that was a tasty coffee the
coffee in or te is tasty would you would
you say it's tasty I wouldn't say it's
morning growler it was with anything was
better after Nescafe yes Cap'n I didn't
get a croissant and if I'd known Stephen
was paying I would have got a whole big
dinner right let's go home and get the
achievement nobody so no interests
because you've been gone for ages yeah
yeah I think I think a walking cistern
order
oh look it is 10:00 to 11:00 can you see
that
so our tents plan the video is gonna go
live in nine minutes
hold onto your pants folks we're down in
the case er right because a good place
but like I knew there's a sub one here
but it's like knocked down but n there's
like a subway actual station thing here
it's not awesome go to Subway yeah but
you get whoa something for the road
something delicious something dentally
delicious Central Division
right so we went for a snoozy I just
went upstairs I was like oh let me just
give her a little cuddle in the bed four
hours later that was that was that so
we're gonna head on home now
Oh mio that was okay
wait next time timing is everything
timing is everything now time time time
time time time time Jesse my mom look
it's my mom there mm-hmm
is my grandfather my grandmother and
that's Ashley and clean and Yvonne yeah
it's my family yo that's my family they
were all born in 1618 they sure looked
like it
well let's blow this joint go fast it's
my name don't wear it out well tell miss
mother here Along Came Polly hmm yeah
okay yeah I think that's the right thing
to do
okay you guys if you guys got everything
you guys get out with you never won't be
coming back to Dublin so if you got
everything
okay kids okay come on guys come on I'll
hold your hand come on come on walking
on walking on beside me come on kids
walking on beside me
on the road again on the road getting
here
I don't know who sings that song bar
let's go something like gold again deep
deep hurry and you re doing here I'm
here
what about it Pennywise speaking of
going to boys Ireland is in the quarter
finals of the World Cup for the rubber
beam
holy crap you imagine if Ireland won the
World Cup people would be like I'm sorry
the world's cup holders without mean
that the world championships will come
to Ireland it would be amazing it would
be an amazing thing I think it's a
country could do with an awesome win
like that and for such a small little
country to go up against like we just
beat Italy we've been Australia we
always be Russia
sorry Russia you're awesome but prepared
you in rugby
you're better at us and everything else
so you know let us have rugby okay let
us have rubber B let us have that one
can we have that Thanks appreciate it
our petroleum is a no Liam so we've got
to stop and get petroleum so we can doli
him to homie
whoa
petroleum is newly armed you've got to
hold a I'm good to patrol a
number one here oh my god that totally
was that thing everyone used to do like
to knock x-factor off another thing of
these there they block x-factor for me
like the Christmas number here we should
oh no Liam my Petroleum there's no Liam
last next raw petroleum it's a no Liam
Gundam my portfolio look out the Dixie
girls
Oh crud Fudd we got caught in the
traffic I left so eggs in my kind of
traffic y'all come on man give a
youtuber a break but I got some horton
hears a new heart while I make the who I
make the new for the heart in parts
horton hear that
sorry guys it's too much coffee this is
a good time you gotta get into Beunos
one for you one for me
another one for me one of those people
that enjoys a tasty beverage while
driving down the road never buy an Alfa
Romeo ever because for some reason mr.
Alfa Romeo and help
buongiorno do we need the coffee cup in
the car no no one's ever going to drink
a coffee while driving a mobile vehicle
that is a crazy idea
well it turns out that people will be
dreaming small people will be enjoying a
tasty beverage while driving down the
road and now I can't see out the window
Oh God oh yeah here we get that the
water thing that sprays up is no Liam
and the dirt is dough Liam and a no Liam
go Liam brings a Napoleon situation
but I hate the car I have to carry my
coffee all the time as a newborn baby
and if I looked right now I want to use
the wife where I have to put this on
here I have to do some like deadly
wounds but sacrifices my entire the
safety of my family it's okay I made it
dear Alfa Romeo what what does the
problem Joe Parrs oh please but a
freaking coffee cup in the car no
problem
scusi what the hell is going on it was
less than an hour ago I was standing in
a blue skies and the sunny sometimes and
now look at this crap Oh leo
oh my god what the frak is going on
yesterday we did night I'm told that's
due date I'm Joe
now I bid my navigator has the fundage
please open window thank you for the fun
bitch today
please put it down and start to pray hi
I have a reservations for two boy for
actually we just pop all that in no god
oh god oh god
thank God we did thank yous he did it
all in ten so it's like just like we win
the lotto is on but winner winner
chicken dinner
all right one more Tobin's to go go but
one that down
you guys and you guys remember back
before I start daily vlogging I did a
video I don't want to think all but it
was the day that told branch opened I
remember the day it opened we were on it
going to court like I kind of know what
it was Bournemouth because the pond one
was the building one one
yeah it was the day before the building
of the pond one I don't know but there
is a video if you had leave me a comment
oh if you were there that day and it was
awesome never wrote one out shall
MacDonald eat it all day long you become
fat okay guys although we did another
gym O's today okay we're gonna go
Tuesday Wednesday Friday she lighted
there you should be Monday Wednesday
Friday thing but we missed it because
obviously you know some of us have to do
television appearances you know that's
how we roll
Oh big turn all the way around now let's
hope it's not the same staff as
yesterday that will be mighty
embarrassing hi my usual please my usual
from McDonald's yum-yum
I was I actually spilled juice all over
my top and I'm about to be served
it's like thank you
and solving ketchup is remember
different I was I was clever with myself
this time myself and catsup I knew what
I was doing I was like it's okay being
here before no I am I'm gonna reverse in
here and so you just go right ahead
there lunch is a goal iam driving home
we all roll him right let's get this
party started on a Monday night is it is
that what is that a kind of a party than
you know what date fighting a Monday
party if you miss okay I don't want to
show the money into the toll bridge from
over here okay under the toll bridge
thing we're just coming up to here oh my
god you miss Nene's like this is gonna
be a mess like you have to get this you
one shot on a lobster lunch with one
shot to get this there's the basket with
one shot
thank God dog loves like oh my gosh you
missed that it rolls on the ground run
off to get out of the car and be like
chasing that down but there you have fun
at the toll bridge they've arrived back
at home all right guys you're gonna mind
the car you kind of mind the car guys
well let's go off to Tesco we go to
Daddy to Tesco we go to get some num
noms
num-nums knows hi everybody my mum's ah
beautiful job chick it's kind of quieted
down a little bit
whoa guys check out the car I'm so tired
I'm like walking around here an
automatic motion automatic mode you can
offer mighty quote oh my god I'm gonna
collapse any minute now we need makeup
removers
well they usually be done in the right
place to grant special effort there's a
great offer I don't know what's special
about the great offer
no you brought us to the wrong store as
usual look got a pretty simple still
need to get the peonies for the discover
Arlen thing whenever we're gonna get
around to that I was like let's be
married for a month
step one complete it alright
everything's gonna change this month
it's gonna be like a crazy munch 'dom
thermalize is your face so we are just
in bed right and I was just going
through my messages on the flu find I
solder was like loads of video responses
so I clicked onto this one cuz it was
called like thanks you guys and this is
the best video I have ever seen in my
entire life
it is the most awesome thing I have ever
seen this is you guys room we were kept
going on about that we have to send a
t-shirt to South Korea
well CG Kitty gave us a video response
and look at you did she made us a little
present but check this out look isn't it
awesome
it's so awesome guys I'm not actually
sticking annotations in video around
here you should go watch the whole video
it's like six minutes long but she does
I'll be seeing that Joffe is anti
Jonathan and so she's you guys he said I
love you and goodbye and stuff what
happened it's so cool oh my god you guys
are so smart
