so I just had the most awesome sight dia
ever and I tweeted it and Facebook it
and everyone's like oh my god that's the
most awesomest idea ever so we're like
awesome Oh sing about Doctor Who Doctor
Who last night was insane
question question anyway it's not about
Doctor Who right now what about you guys
submitting outros for the vlog it is
because you're out at the moment it's
the intro because I'm on like I don't
know what to do
I like the intro for the buggies and I
don't really want to change the intro to
Roger this cuz I like the way it is I
got some Twitter people here that's it
look mm-hmm lovin it lovin it lovin it
lovin it lovin it lovin it that guy has
a blog you should check it out I'm
finished lovin it everyone loves it
everyone loves the idea okay and on
Facebook so I sing it okay so let me
just let me just fill in some details it
doesn't have to be like super
professional or anything like that
you know I thinking like oh I wouldn't
be able to make like a lot or a video
rant like that I like you know don't
worry about it as long as it's got
osmosis ness you guys can go and just
loads of damn programs that they're
keepin and stuff like that that allow
you to em download and YouTube videos do
a montage or whatever like or you want
to use text or just Google Images or go
to our facebook or go to our Twitter and
take pictures use any music you want as
long as the music has to be either
created by you extra kudos if you write
a song like I don't know cannot use any
music you know the drill
you guys know the drill you can't use
any copyrighted music I don't want you
guys to go make an awesome video and
then stick in your music and I'd be like
oh yeah I can't use it then you know
upload the video to your channel and
then car-like Saucony Jolie's submission
or
video for sickle androids or something
I'm not that organized because I don't
really know you know what to do
yeah going through my facebook if we're
not friends whatsapp or go today no you
can put it on the fan page if you want
which is the Saucony Jodie's on facebook
and then make sure to tweet me though or
make sure because um with the fan page I
don't get notifications if you guys ever
leave anything on it
don't try and send me the video though
because that's just crazy cats Chris
cats don't private Facebook me make sure
to just leave comments cuz it's a
Facebook question Tina you don't get
notified if you get message in facebook
quite a few messages sometimes come true
and then it's like twenty or four and
then don't see them then I miss them all
and never see them best way for me to
see it is either to like publicly you
know tweet me or publicly write on my
facebook wall and then I'll definitely
see it be looking forward to see more
creative awesome ideas you guys come up
it cuz you guys are you can just edit
download this pic and dump it out there
just let me go I don't know whatever you
know I don't know I mean I'm getting
excited I'm excited and you submitted it
yet it seems lately for some reason we
are getting so much hate the one thing
people go on about it's like the
mundaneness and oh you're not in you
ain't anymore and you're tired oh you
don't like it anymore and blah blah blah
let's just feel that like like we're
just real people like look it's just
like there's no em there's no camera
crew or anything in here like I'm just a
real person you know when I read a
comment that's really mean on a vlog I
kind of think like well that's just kind
of mean I can it you do think about it
and if that makes you feel that like
you've achieved something by saying
something mean on a commoner song well
done you've achieved something
congratulations this is what life is you
know 31 days ago or something like that
we got married like that was a massive
thing that happens but that's not gonna
happen like every day or every month or
every week like that's something that
happens and that's the way it is and
we're not as happy living here is where
we were in our other place but that's
just life if I if I wanted to stay in
the other place I have to stay in the
studio and if I wanted to go out on my
own like as you know have my own
business self-employed so we can stay
with each other all the time spend all
our time together
put all my time invested into this we
have to move all the way out here into
this little house but that's just that's
it like and yeah we're kind of fun happy
you're unhappy here but I much prefer to
live back in where we weren't a lovely
big house but we can't afford it and
that's just that's just the way it is
you know and in time obviously you know
we'll work towards that Nero will get
better and well
we'll get a nicer place we will work our
way back up but that's what always
happens you always have to like you know
get to the top of a mountain and when
you're sitting on top of a mountain
anything like I want to get to this
mountain in order to get my man you
gotta go down the bottom of the mountain
when you're sitting on the bottom of the
mountain that's for you that's when you
get motivated to climb all the way up to
higher mountain and you know we get down
here we strip away and we don't have all
the luxuries we have you know some
mornings we walk up here and I'm just
like yeah but this is like perky we can
work on this and we can get ourselves a
build and work our way up higher again
and that's that's really what life is
about every time I walk out the door
music doesn't play and my friends come
knockin cuz I've got no friends you know
things don't always work out all the
time because things don't work out all
the time I've good things I've bad days
you know I try and make sure that like
if you're having a bad day or school is
boring or college is boring or your life
is boring or you're unhappy or you're
just broken up with you've just got a
range of whatever your situation is in
life whatever age you are I hope to just
watch this video and make you smile and
that's it that is my achievement like I
don't ask anything from anybody but if
you want to like it in favor and leave a
comment and subscribe that's awesome we
don't ask you guys for anything and I
just want you to participate in the
community and I want to make you smile
and that's all I want to do when I make
you happy I want to make you you to
relate to my life and say like oh yeah
actually you know I'm feeling unhappy
about this and so is he so I guess like
we all are kind of in the same boat
together because we're all on the same
journey to life somebody in this room
right here excluding me obviously pooed
on the rug I hate them okay because you
know why
because when it's raining outside sorry
I have a mean it's nice don't mind this
when it's raining outside these two
little brats refuse to piss and poo who
was it Jonathon like boxer he's like I
come in and he's apologizing to Albie
he's like I'm sorry folks that you
earlier I'll be no wonder they are such
hot brass and you wonder why he's such a
right of a dog favorite parent who's
your favorite oh but seriously it's
really bad and to be honest with you
like I think we should just eat boy like
Dallara yeah you're watching Teen Mom
and farik like just gave away her dog
we're both so upset we were like stop
eating the camera on the television so
we're part where the adjudicator got you
to cater one no we're missing an
adjudicator ok fashion show
Go Go fashion show everybody dance now
okay so we're oh I don't know I don't we
like denim oh my good seeing them
between your legs
boyfriend jeans but you're married now
you don't have a boyfriend husband jeans
you guys want to see a toll bridge at
night
I lit up like it's really cool like in
his net it's like whoa did not forget to
give me the right amount of money
Thank You navigator now can we go to the
toll bridge tolis my bridges there's two
toll bridges to Dublin it's the first
one 180 180 to the government of Ireland
look at us helping that's us we're
helping getting us out of the recession
building Europe one toll bridge at a
time right let's get our stuff settle
down and I will see you guys in
McDonald's now some freaking no what do
you want my love is that just a
cheeseburger cheeseburger happy though
can I get a cheeseburger a happy meal
yep that Maltese is attorney assign it
no oh yeah no view awesome cool thanks
for that she was really fun it's like
solving ketchup and I was like yes I
don't understand the question because
normally it comes itself and ketchup
they don't already offer you do you want
it like you know nobody just comes with
it right what are we gonna munch let's
go to my peepees ah PP Chuck stop oh
look let's take a car come on good girl
whoa see that's why you better now be
seen in their peepees Oh funny Alfie
could do his pee pees - that would be
freaking awesome
wait a god come on Abbi come on we have
to catch up with mom come on they're
going to be the slowpokes nobody wants
to meet the slowpoke
Dubey slowpoke what you left will be a
slow oh don't go to the other side of
that thank you
oh yeah I must pee on that couldn't
possibly
she couldn't let me walk past a good
sign post like that without going for a
good roll P we're gonna hell are we look
in the car parks way back there
we walked miles away because for all
party occasions what I could like a
marquee come on guys
what's grandma's house his mommy's gotta
go and oh television the television
he's got no light on that's probably
kind of dangerous now let's go back over
there we get some cups of coffee and
some doughnuts I like to get back on the
road about an hour and a half from here
thinks of a nice yeah hello is it to
Dublin it takes about two and a half
hours yeah two and a half hours just
kind of like cruising along so theater
day we did a five-hour journey fun zeros
there was like nothing in the shop it
was pretty much sold out of everything
but em they know coffee lids right and
they're just gonna get these little
things oh my god guys gelato I love ice
cream
I would eat ice cream every day if I
could I did when we were kids done in
ice cream every day we've no leads until
the morning boy and I was like oh shall
we awake in the mornings oh he's active
it can be able to see didn't know it
like are you serious
mom zeros were at mom zeros house
Woolwich back inner darkness and
likeness and brightness not that kind of
things never gets a munch to get some
must sleep on the blog it is edited for
you guys cuz I won't be around tomorrow
to upload the blog be so I'll have to do
wonder though she runs those pre
uploaded things and then set it to go
off at like 12 o'clock you know that's
how I roll that's what I do
whoa look at the stars in this guy
they're huge
