save them with no destination dummy on
the notion singing where
Sam
when I think of all years that I've been
paid
just trying to drive my money
you never left my mom why you been
traveling I just have to wait my turn
a part of you the birds me paves the way
for me to be ever
I just have to learn
good morning friends at the end of the
school
I'm going to there's gonna be all my
school girlfriends
of course it's only - Club anyhow that
don't but that's not restful so I go to
the bike cafe yeah I go to the boy cafe
and then I like snack and I play a game
with my girlfriend and then we all run
up for the man working in the lead right
he does funny faces actors and then we
run back and that's a game and we went
downstairs hiding because Louise's
Romney was trying to and find us that
was hide-and-seek so that's what we're
late I hope you enjoy this video how
girls club sucks
bye why don't do you want to go to the
Grove yeah what maybe he is a girl on
the inside and we just don't know it
maybe you're a boy on the inside well ok
you can be a girl
ok you're a girl true and through
Eduardo you a girl boy
you see what do you think to be a girl
last year yeah you don't waitress girls
club meet it because there's not a lot
of girls in your class in your year it's
maybe all boys exactly oh my goodness
yeah trying to eat a melon it just fell
off the tree just fell off the tree
that's the risk of having a lemon tree
tasted oh I'm sorry
jeepers nice the nice thank you
gonna back
oh hello there
you heard it's nice thank you baby let's
take like I do love us here telephone oh
you want to vlog and said yeah why are
they better in the phone yeah okay yeah
let's go ahead here hold this
oh sorry anything else young lady oh oh
we're going to see another house and a
lot of people I've I've seen have been
asking us about like an update and stuff
and there's no update like I said this
on my end stories but obviously I didn't
say it on here there's no update it's
just we live in a small town there's not
a whole lot of like you have to walk
away at some point I mean I don't I
didn't want to pay stupid amount of
money when I knew that we were gonna be
putting loads of money and these are
project houses you don't even know so
here we are again yeah this is a guy
like it one more came up we're like oh
my god let's go for it but it's very
slow just cuz like we're looking within
a very small odious yeah
and very small budget no no that's a
problem that's a problem but maybe to
some people but to me it's like oh my
god
I never thought yeah so we'll see what
happens like I just I'm feeling a bit
like a fed off just cause like I feel
like there's nothing out there but it's
not that it's everybody just keeps
saying the right house will appear like
but it's the right one so okay this
garden has the giant tree I like it
though
I like the trees Oh friends friends
clean arms and other motorists but
everything's done now for a holiday no
we're close and we didn't do the legs
cuz they're fine there's like basically
no hair there and now I'm excited to go
away and Honda swimsuit and not have to
worry about looking like a gorilla so
now I'm gonna go back home I have some
work to do and I I'm really happy with
how my hair curled today sometimes it
curls like not nice but today you don't
have some it's just hit or miss like
depends on how your hair washes and
stalls as well
I washed it last night so I'm happy with
how that turned out a little bit over
there um so I'm gonna go back home do
some work and then I need to take a
media out to girls club which is
basically like a kind of like a hot
chocolate Ken cake date for after school
for all the girls cuz there's not many
girls in there a year so the moms and
the girls do this like little coffee hot
chocolate date after school
so I'm looking forward to that how was
girls club media we're just heading back
from girls club and it's five o'clock
yep yeah so we just picked up these two
boxes of books for Amelia - Gordon yeah
we've got loads of books and I'm not
sure necklaces that free yeah and I'm
not sure if I made a mistake or not but
I had them delivered to the school
because on the website and it said that
it's like a Scholastic website and it
said that if I didn't have them
delivered to the school this school
wouldn't get these like rewards and so I
had them delivered there but then he
called me up and they're like so
confused so I think I did it wrong I
don't really know what I did but they're
here hopefully the school got the
rewards and that's all that matter is
right
I don't know I think they get free books
for the library or something I'm not
sure I don't really know I don't really
search it properly
no this place scholastic gives you score
free books oh my goodness you get cuter
every day every time I look at you you
get cuter what are you oh thank you no
no you have to actually eat it no no no
thanks don't don't
well there's carrots in their food so
okay we're opening boxes right watch
so - Mina tell me what is inside these
boxes you got three necklaces what's the
three books okay well I think we're
gonna need some sort of a chopping
device
Oh PJ Eduardo's okay so guardo why are
you got PJ masks
without elect and finding is that the
book you wanted mr. these are all yours
Eduardo they're all yours so we're gonna
before we go to bed every night okay
we're gonna do one page and we're gonna
have to find Wally all right one page
it's gonna be a fun game and a joke one
yeah we played a duck or two but tonight
we're gonna friend Wally and we we can
we PJ masks tonight if you want both of
them okay let's open Amelia's one Carla
Cooper if you ever spell night
oh is this off the brochure thing they
always get okay my goodness
let me see let me see y'all the cronut
book so we got enchanted Pony Academy
that comes with a necklace star friends
that comes with some jewelry & melodica
so did you buy them all because they
came with jewelry all right so my next
book is going to come with some jewelry
Oh Anna what if your necklace came up my
next book but there could be 70 right do
you guys want jewelry or books that is
Wireless favorite is our X Amaya becomes
Oh let's show Nancy show us yeah all
right look at this Frankie this
explosion I think there's a baby in
there
look at this she's making her way over
see what's going on yeah oh my goodness
I couldn't get to Cameron time she was
all the way over there and she made it
oh okay
you go crazy go Alexia Jesus call T just
crawl across it
counter please see that you see that you
see that huh oh hey did you want this
yeah there you go
you can have it and I put of a blog post
yesterday well s yeah yeah you look like
you died the resin shook again took them
to me and if you disagree you're gonna
get blocked and banned from the channel
