good morning everybody and this is
Amelia and this is Amelia - so he
dresses up like dress themselves I went
into the kitchen and I actually thought
that was Eduardo
let me see turn around Tony with a bow
oh yeah oh yeah let me get the diffuser
what that's what yeah there's a skirt Oh
Jimmy yeah
what no no no no put everything away so
her mom is here she wiped last night
and Randy somehow you guys stand outside
his mom and she has presents for them
did you get a present from Grandma oh
not yet
I think so so a rainy wet day which is
no good because today I was supposed to
film the music video I might do tomorrow
you just need to get it done and try to
build this car in order to M shoot this
week this video then it's pretty cool
but I need that for the video what's
that that wicked yeah
the cats have bells on them and you hate
a noise oh well we can we plan to send a
music Austria yes yes
what's another place she isn't you know
just on siren Johan you guys have inside
Rohan Oh your eggs ready because you
today thank you like Ireland without the
mountain
hmmm need to can't afford ok fuck me
over the bed so you know we're dealer
what doesn't make him an opera my
picture of us in the entire car so it's
this little Madam's naptime but she's
just full of checked again she was
chatting to Grandma we were in here
having a little little chat a little
matter and he was joining in it was so
cute there's so many mirrors in this
room today but that one over there one
there one at my makeup table it might be
worth yeah some good trying to put her
down for her second that well seems like
she's tired I don't know why actually
she's been sleeping through the night
really really well lately I've been
waking her at like 11 when we go to bed
and for her like dream feed and it's
making her sleep through um touchwood
she talked to my facebook because i
don't want it to end because it's really
nice but at the moment in media Eduardo
are the ones that are waking in the
night this morning they woke up and they
went into their grandma so Jonathan and
I got a bit of a break which was
actually really nice because it water
won't get to and then I think at half 3
that's the thing when you have multiple
kids it doesn't just depend on the baby
it depends on the other kids as well so
here we go for a little nap trickle
frame at your bidding I don't think
she's ready like her down anyway see now
can we line up for presents from grandma
and I do it on this paper
now we to line up and we have to sing a
nice song
please can we can sing a nice song for
Grandma in German my foot is dry Acker
know so this is very good boy
I know daddy might help you oh all right
so what you do is you have to catch a
spider or a squiggly warm water like
spiders and wherever you put them in the
box and then you look in that's pretty
cool oh yeah right there sure Luke
that's cool guys remember when you got
the snail the other day wardo actually
put it in you can put it in there and
it's a microphone I see the microphone
can see Wow
this is for me and this is an angel who
takes away bad dreams
- you need to beside your bed takes a
line bad dream she makes sure that they
don't come here and unless you already
got her I thought I heard a Christmas
tree you have to come and say come here
tonight oh you know hello hello hello
hello how you doing let's see yeah how
are you doing hello you follow the chats
lately
you know do you know you're gonna grow
up one day you might be watching this
video hello hello teacher is yeah when
you were this small
mmm when you were just a little baby
girl yeah
yeah remember that time and you used to
talk to Daddy used to say oh yeah I
think it's because Amelia his no he's
channeling to her Eduardo was always
chatting away to her so so much going on
myself and Ana and all the donkey
friends and you're like hey guys I want
to be involved want to be involved
that's you thinking you thinking I have
to talk huh Willy traitor
hello I am the bus Lisa Kelly is going
yeah you know you know I know you know
it I see yes
one two entry everybody follow me step
to left your hands on your hips do the
banana dance just do the banana dance
there was a tea cup theme charlie
sitting on his own looking for a friend
for Charlie Charlie 30 Vegeta he not
ready to teach up I should be some lucky
lucky lucky lucky I should be so lucky
in love is it my imagination it did it
did it did it did it did it it is I'm
dreaming I fell in love with you you
fell in love with me
screaming gonna do a boola boola boola
boola boola boola - I see here
oh my video so today I'm just gonna like
ponder
I'm just pondering okay if she knows oh
oh hi
get this good mix good for knows you're
my name is a less yeah I'm a girl I won
the world because I do like to eat world
i dancin all day I'm a princess at night
I don't walk around cuz I don't get a
fright when my brother comes to me and
he asked me for my toys
I said no get your own toys floor it
boom boom I'm the turd turd is the best
don't listen to anybody cuz they're
better than rest
I'm the turd coming at you as I see ya I
did a poop still it's a poo in my nappy
poo my nappy bitch ever just wake up
some days and think like a tree children
got three little kitties I treated like
a tease
hey three of them yeah did that happen
huh you were to go and watch day one of
these logs you know when it was just me
and islands just chillin and then like
how fast it just happened
stand it up here alright
mother is going home back there are
accessing JG and they are you going to
carry this thing that's it not sorry
step there
Oh everything on it yeah pretty old ap
you're all going out right by my mother
see you soon why I bought it Thanks have
a nice life oh yeah bye that is Muller
back at the airport you see your nose in
there alright let's go home what time is
it 5 to 6 while I make it home for
sakuni Jolie's Jenna and I really don't
do it anymore we should do it again
actually oh I have a plan for an intro
thing I don't haven't done the intros
and ages we'll have an idea for a new
one what it's not going to I'm not it's
going to be a big one so you guys know
bring it a book and on that book it's
like a picture books so it's like what
the there's lots of pictures less words
you know cause it's a book written by me
so you know when I taught about I'm
going to write a book I thought maybe
it's best to just have lots of pictures
and less words I'm not the best with the
words you know whatever we're thinking
of it cool to make like a little
animated intro using all the current
over like an illustration from the
actual book
are we really cool so see that sometime
in the next year no hopefully in the
next month or two is up so and then we
might bring their 10 nnnnn and then on
and then and I always thought of
actually converting I should make that
into a music video we need words though
Ajanta the best of the best just with
the best of the best
he makes a penny no unlike the rest
Jonathan five Donati
ah
