rain rain go away don't even think about
coming back another day cuz that would
just be as inconvenient as it is today
Oh every day we wake up and I'm hustling
hustling it's always just raining and
raining and raining and pouring it's so
depressing
oh man what you doing rainy days what do
you do on rainy day what is your
favorite thing to do on a rainy day
what's your favorite things doing
raining ninis let me just scream at me
Poli
oh my god this is 1st of October yeah
it's Halloween decorating time oh my god
it's Halloween deck or do we need to buy
decorations or do we have enough no do
we need a garage
you guys remember to how it mean
decorations from last year everyone
remembers my brand so take this thing
from it when I'm cleaning my brushes
right now the floor what's this
candy corn oh it's a spooky one and
decline one of these bags is Christmas
and one of these bags
one of the boxes Christmas isn't one of
them is Halloween a whole oh yeah what
are you gonna dress up for what are you
gonna dress up for for Halloween huh
what are you gonna dress up for oh yeah
what do you guys think leave some
comments and suggestions what we should
dress these guys help us see I don't
know what yeah rekt yeah I keep in here
that's cool we also need a plan cuz I
want to do something awesome for
Halloween I don't know what channel I'll
put it up on maybe I'll do like a scary
daily vlog one guys and every so cool
and nighttime will put up a little later
than usual that day and then you can
come in at night you can watch it and
most scared of but J's without of you I
don't know what we do there do something
scary doe Wow
this is Cena's first Halloween as well
she doesn't know she doesn't know I'll
be knows hey light krabby patty
everything you have to do a lot for oh
what's this what is this what is this
meanies
well it's a flat tire you have to pull
it out no no no no okay now it's like a
bike bar I got instrumenting look at
this one
oh look at this guy
that's if you got ghosties ghosties
Maura ghosties Betsy's more long stringy
things pumpkin lights there you go you
got it
well no it doesn't make sense like that
okay no one oh yeah oh my god
what's the head
okay mine is this one go you go across
there my way just a little things and
it's very long mmm can go late you know
no no you liked her last year wait it
has to be worth it yeah I uh see puttin
up with dead
glasses well come back to you tonight
when it's all lit up in the dark and
they'll be like us
look good yeah that's college that's
some serious Coolidge ah my Batmobile
fell off
I'm hungry
I must admit and you guys watch the
stick a thing that was going on
yesterday or today for me now it's as if
they just drank it it's in like ten
seconds
and like I charted as a girl like mom
was there I kept it down like I'm fine
together I couldn't even I don't even
like get us interested when they're like
then retching like goodness I was like
it's way too high it's just like it's
like food or something it's way of
filling like but yeah okay I might
actually still be on it's 24 hours so it
might actually still be on by the time
this video goes up let's turn off the
lights and let's check the lychee Xena
can you make it work it's like a disco
which don't wanna do to do they were at
the open she's can G
I'll get this meaty monstrosity it's
like Nando's but home man knows yeah
that's sweet potato things like pepper
pumpkin stroke Oh
Austrian guys excited for the chicken oh
she is Emma oh it's like a party in here
oh pretty plenty plenty aplenty
don't worry jar it's gone very dark
darkness it's a dark affair come into
the dark room oh that was tasty taste
oestrus team Nando's ela mama is
actually quite good it's different it
has a different taste a different flavor
actually you don't pay before hands you
actually have to take the firstborn
daughter that's the price are you
parking your machine oh I'll be do you
guys like sweet potatoes right don't
like I don't like when person is
pretending to be sweet potato when you
think mmm sweet potato when you eat it
and then it turns out to be Parsi here's
a interesting question
right thomas was just saying that which
is
where's Emma she craves grapefruits and
now emma loves grapefruits and when Anna
was the same thing except with ice cream
and Hannah loves ice cream and then when
Erika or the scrunchies and now Erika
love punches we're saying I wonder is it
to do with when you're pregnant the baby
depends what it is the gray matter their
word right so if you had a baby and you
had cravings does your child anyone's
whatever it was that you crave when
they're out in the human world that's an
interesting question
leave your comments below if this is
something that you have experienced and
I will go ahead and eat the last piece
of chicken come on wrap the weights in
our pie look we have to wait here for
the pie come on come on come on
I'm gonna eat my first daughter on my
first one
where's my coconut cake do not kick
goodnight click I got a coconut cake
okay good nuts cake now I said not to
give the cream to the dogs
wait for it we want pie
has this been documented on your blog no
this is an exclusive you can't even you
can't even make this yourself we believe
you trying to go to the blog it is time
to say for a while guys work it out work
it as a vacation home
come on come on Oh shake hands shake
hands shake hands shake hands go come on
you're little trouble oh yeah
what are you you're alive you're on
YouTube right now yeah that's it is life
it is life say hi
how do I tell her is life
I just got a comment there how's that
okay what I do a face brain brain book
brain book oh my god would not be so
cool their brain book and Rainer like
inside of Twitter Rainer it stands good
yeah it's gonna run a picture you guys
should add me on brain book if you also
have brain book you should totally add
me on brain book and we can like we can
have brain party would you go to my
brain party and you think about a mature
brain oh my god let's get go on I think
that II do not even like you a private
message to someone to your brain it's
like easier yeah
no way and then what no serious Wow oh
sorry in the java code we were just
discussing but our friend Sarah in the
drama club who watches the blog it is
Jenny Lee hello Jenny Lee in the house
needs friend Jenny hates branch any
leaky oh my god everybody's here
everybody's in the club in the club
outside Tesco Wilson on a Saturday night
okay sorry guys someone has taken over
the blog ities there that's all cheering
this we used to go on the time it's 24
hour 24 hour Tesco lemonade
it's good okay it's it's Michael Spencer
make a good lemonade like in terms of
you know lemonade makers is it made like
is it make blade with like coyote lemon
juice like where's the coyote parkour
Network carbonated water sound like
lemon or clouds from concentration lemon
juice from concentrate citric acid is
avery preservative e - o - that actually
help you concentrate and say like the
nerve in exercise arabic algebra maybe
oh yeah Arabic I think the Arabic in
maps
I'm oil that's like someone's sweaty
hand right PAML
suppose you got you've got sweaty hand
Pam sweaty palm juice that's why it's
lemony looking because it's just like
sweaty Pam so basically this is how you
make it right deviate you get yourself a
lemon right you put it in your hand you
go to the gym you workout you create
loads of squishy and then you just like
drip it into a bottle and then MZ
algebra not only algebra but algebra
aerobatic our Arabian are underneath
Arabic style Arabic algebra it's next to
up here put don't stalker okay seriously
please don't please don't say die City
and they might imply that when I was in
there when I was in University in Cork I
used to live down here in Wilton when I
met Hannah although I was living and
dying up Donnybrook here when I met
Hannah boy yeah we're ready to get a few
months with him that summer we met at
the end of the first year so we're kind
of over to some again soldier and then
around Alton so I moved to this place
here and this is this is more we were
together although like I was renting the
place as a student I think he lived
there pretty much for the year with me
but yeah it was just just inside here in
Wilton so if you live in Wilton in Cork
we were like buddies for a while i neva
know what was it called
Wilson courts yeah it's like
20-something 27 Mills in court
don't go there if you want I won't be it
was a student house so that was like
four years ago so God knows who lives in
there now I think it changed like every
term like but Aires had a 24-hour Tesco
oh I missed when for our Tesco it's been
a couple of there's been a couple of
emergency munchies situation so you
don't have like an emergency munch you
just get kind of tanked all the way up
until opening hours that you're not
gonna have a you're not gonna need a
munch then situation arises and you
think gosh darn it
I need a midnight munch and it's not
available Wilson Tesco 24 hours boom
sorry my god such fresh feed you're like
a cockpit
but they were boys neathamer here I
thought I would do something the Oh
things are wet do you like my nails whoo
hey what only one hand is done No oh
thanks alright ok different colors Oh
for the blog post
