after the gym we go today after the gym
we go you ready to go to the gym today
no because I because I drove to Dublin
and back yesterday and a round trip and
now my back is on sore
oh poor jovis oh oh may faint maintain
your such de la he's coming oh dear will
you show me she's gonna show me lads
these are filthy lies I tell you what's
going on out here
the fluffy make you drag the fluffy damp
huge one you're a weirdo he was like
picking things off the line which I have
proof it's in the esterday smog they
were like sweaty damn yesterday so how
could they be still down that doesn't
make any sense it makes a lot you're
beating stove off the line he's like
damn damn the night went over and that's
it and I was like um this is bone dry
here which is also bone dry your bone
dry give me this bone dry
all right oh my god Cena's gonna be
saying those words now but you're
talking about I never buy any computer
games anybody was don't do it don't give
in to the evil words now they go right
into the Popol and get the fake package
but look at the rain guys it's always
raining now she forgot we shall watch
the wrong when I forgot to tell her
about the sunshine yesterday oh yeah
it's so crazy in the blog where he mixes
goes more extreme to the next
now delivery yet
Oh
Oh miss Oh funny cuz like she wrapped it
up in like a string like a parcel isn't
that so cute looks like an old and a
parcel whatever it is it came fry was
sent from Germany to Ireland
we sent from Germany to Ireland it was
because what she's been telling the pack
yeah but she always just that choice
uses old oh did she change that noise
just post in the top event a sticker
over it no I look at the fire it's a
proper fire so the wedding still lives
on and I stopped you through the card
please you have to read the cards before
although I read the card and then I
found out what it was
once you wrote what it was but look how
cute the card is
flowers
pierre-yves on just you know and then
look smells really nice
this is like these aren't really popular
all over Ireland like people like weave
these themselves sheep got this up
she said it's woven by her favorite
crafts women and spittle spittle is like
in candy hallway
it's going anyways so like this is real
like authentic proper Irish woven
handcrafted throw so you can keep these
in the car I always went to one of these
though because there's my parents always
have them like in the car and like our
grandparents always item yeah or like
you know you can have just they keep you
really warm and so foot
these are nice colors to rush me
oh look it says grenade
boy roddney
hi hi hi Oh 100% wool and hand-woven
throw spittle Crown Center spittle came
to Galway for growth stop tricks and
tapestries shawls and scarves so this is
a really nice present so thank you oh ma
now we have oh I think I might keep this
in the car just because it's just uh
just trow it back there so I was just
telling Jonathan this I don't know why I
started talking about it why did I start
talking about it I don't know anyways I
started telling Jonathan about this time
when my older brother Francesco was here
like he my other brother Stefano and
Stefano girlfriend at the time yeah it's
crap anyways so like I was saying they
would come here for like because when we
moved here I was seven and then they
would come here basically every year
like in the summer and just to kind of
spend their summer holidays here in
Ireland cuz then they would see us as
well but then what they do is they come
like they fly to Cork and then they'd go
off themselves like Stefano usually
would drive actually always would drive
range a car and they go up close never
allowed to go with them and I was always
so
like I always thought so jealous like
they go off without me and they come
back make eventually but I remember one
time they go to like all the touristy
little areas and stuff and all the
little towns and whatnot they came back
one time and Francesco had this shell
and you know those shows that like they
make into ashtrays like they're really
big shells
the ones that you would see like a
mother-of-pearl and you know those ones
I don't know what they're called he came
back with one of them and it had like a
yeah seen like felt-tip marker it had
like inside it and he was like oh I
bought this for like a pound stop back
then it was the pound was here in
Ireland not the euro like I bought this
for a pound from like some little girls
they were passing through a town and
basically they stopped their car and
they were like swindling the tourists
you know they basically had just taken
these shells for free from the beach or
whatever and then like written Spice
Girls Backstreet Boys all that kind of
stuff on it and then sold them for like
a pound and my brother bought into it
but I think actually he wasn't being
stupid I think he was just like being
nice to the little girl didn't keep them
sorry for them but yeah I just thought I
would share that with you guys it's
actually kind of funny though but um
yeah so jonathan has gone in to get
money from the ATM I don't actually know
oh yeah canoes together swimming hat
because he wants to go swimming cuz he
has like a backache thing and I feel
really bad for him because it's probably
because of yesterday's pointless draw
you to the American Embassy
he worked at the American Embassy I'm
sorry but like actually hate you because
you don't do your job properly
you're supposed to do you know certain
things for American citizens that live
abroad and you don't so don't worry like
you very much
sorry actually you know I don't not like
you because if you work for the American
Embassy it's hardly your fault but I'm
just saying I hate the actual like rules
that are there I do it okay yeah
oh man for two days around you know your
pride
I don't have to use this one I tried to
use it yesterday but it just did not
work for me I just stepped on and it
just did not go up and down yeah it's
like all right ahead works you know step
one more of the upper downy anyhow we
were just on and they kind of free rates
and stuff sometimes the bike it's a nice
warm up but her family not hot so I
bought a hat and other days you go brush
whoo that was a good workout hose
lashing rain so I just got them on right
hey shush come here so I just got home I
will put you way out in the rain so I
just done home in the paper came right
check out the Cape or front page midday
invasion eyewitness photos a flying
saucer
/ - our King and I was like on what the
hell front page news down to bottom this
is an advert I'd like well originally
when you look at it's a very clever
Doughboy damn what's not going what the
hell you know but I think it's for this
look
the grinds fear for the Heineken Savoy
cork look at the front page look I
witnessed photos over the church isn't
that cool what's going on here
you were love the Norwich you can get
that on I don't know
Cena you wearing mommy's underwear hmm
let's get some 14 are you making me a
bagel kind of sauce
nuts ah cold I don't think well I don't
drink mail just having some after lunch
or granola with some yogurt after gym
food hmm
pasta tossed eat Asti also making a
video well come on with making a video
but I got put up one on the IG office
channel if you have been keeping up with
them scream Joe pass check out the
channel I'm going to sell out and put a
link to my other channel here ok that's
what I'm gonna go and do you can pause
this video press that open the other
window and watch the other videos you
can go ahead and do that ok don't be
afraid don't be afraid above the rocks
that I've got I'm still Topher's from
the blog yeah Putman it up now whoa
they're so good cuz I'm away I'm going
for swam and I went through jacuzzi and
the sauna and the steam or get the whole
lap afterwards at the water suite which
is really good like and I use the
elliptical thing that's what you guys
are saying the elliptical thing and then
they'd sprinted for five minutes at the
end on it and then I went on a rowing
machine thing for a while at that that
hurts
I'm gonna hurt you no you're up for
something good then you're like free
weights himself and then I'm for a swim
but like I don't know whatever I did and
then sat in Jacuzzi for a while it has
an outdoor spot but sloshing rain so I
was thinking like wouldn't it be fun to
be in the lashing rain and yeah it was
fine I thought nah maybe I'll just maybe
I won't do that ok then I just came home
but yeah I feel really good for really
awake yeah plus it's date night date
night IQ or we're going later this place
right here that's exactly what I'm gonna
get I wanted to UM I want to keep
butterfly ok
butterfly butterfly fly me away Abby
going for a walk ease it stop raining
for five seconds excitedly over the
walkies I totally almost we did almost
live there but we didn't almost think
that we want to live that we didn't have
dogs
you guys remember Alan that was the one
with that the small apartments they had
where all the bird poo I think it was
really nice that the office upstairs and
all on earth boy damn you know you have
to take an elevator every day and I just
think that that's kind of like that's
what we did in London all the time in
Albion he never really liked it and I
don't like having to take an elevator
home every day I'm a fairy just like
driving it to my driveway driving home
Plus like you know when they're peeing
and the wing and stuff to do litter box
then you have to
empty now and it's just like
gardens Gardens for the wind but you
know it's bad in the garden and walkies
oh look oh look a gang of Trevino's it's
very quiet here and you all walk to do
first look at you I can know the side
it's not even like Simon movements
glassy it's a glassy Lake today guys
very classy classy Romick cross the
story
it's bigger than before did you guys and
you guys watch that new show where they
go back in time and there's dinosaurs
I see Terra Nova and you guys watch that
did you like it
I'm like I kind of like it but I like
anything sci-fi I'll always give
anything sci-fi going on I'm super
excited for then I'm not sure but it
must be soon the new bounce Arthur I
think our prequel show that's supposed
to be starting soon
really happy it stopped raining though
because especially because we're gonna
wash I'm not Wally's learn and knows
later
I love their the hair flick at the end
yeah gotta go pretty go burn we only get
a superpower for the villains right he
is kind of AA Rosina warrior princess or
Hercules go go
my brother my older brother I still love
Z now and I was like 11 I was like
obsessed with her and he was so nice cuz
he bought me a journal and I thought it
was the coolest thing ever
it was a Xena journal and it had like
the story of Xena on it but the thing is
it was in like this like cursive like
really fancy writing like olden times
kind of and it would go like wrap around
the whole journal the whole book in this
picture of her and everything and I used
to read the story but the thing broke
just like a pattern so obviously like it
wasn't like a real it wasn't me that was
just to coat the journal so at a certain
point the story would always stop and
I'd always be like I'd read it and then
I'm like I'm nuts
Oh like what if it was gonna like change
and suddenly I'll find the ending of the
story
are you sneaking over looking did you
have to post it look pumping iron that's
what the kids say that's what Google
would say so how much did you actually
end up burning off because I'm gonna eat
me some butter fire chicken okay and
there's nothing you can do about it do
you want but if I chicken we just keep
the same two corn on the cobs to butter
fried chicken
they always the one who has to ruin
everything by changing things noise one
who's like oh maybe I'll have something
different this time
Oh what no and you know what I'm gonna
try the lemon given them anything it was
like a lemon sauce you can put on a
chicken instead of the normal man no
sauce no kata
how could you that boom entrance
intro so I hope you got Table eight
again because we always need to get
Table eight he plates like our regular
table table a free
that's it
Table eight or nothing so we didn't
actually end up with Table eight oh my
god we got the nose the new names new
no no no it should be like there anyway
H over there on the slide it's oversized
we missed out on eight but we got I
think I'm gonna call it seven she's
actually bringing us to a booth there in
the back and I was like oh
Table seven a trunk of the stock people
just leave it here she's like you know
what a booth said people fight over the
people wait like an hour just to have a
booth another like I'll take a table
peace decided to get the lemon and lemon
herb sauce this time instead of the
spicy one just to try there because
every time we've been there for like how
do you want to try and again the herb
spice innocent girl that's like can I
tell you why
- I also got sweet corn again commoners
completers recorded my second I mean is
Bitcoin
problem sometimes when that nose is that
it's it's sweet corn or mint peas and I
try to be painful
and they're about weird I don't know the
recipes but excited tripping her feet
chicken
I don't you I got any desire you've got
a quarter chicken
I know you are about to get hungry I'm
about to show you listen good you on you
that looks really good now I'm drawn to
that
probably because then the sauce looks
are really good you know and there's no
actual sauce but I got the Herbie one in
this one so initially I probably I think
you've got a bigger plate than mine
it just seems that way or something you
know I think it's you know that covet
your neighbors or anything like you just
they always want what your neighbor has
more so you know at a restaurant and no
matter what other people bring no matter
what you get you're always look at
someone else's food and things should I
have contacts you know please do that
until you've eaten your own food you
feel satisfied but just in that moment
if they get served before you always
look over and say one thing you the ATM
was working this time well Pierce we
have to walk like a million months
that's what happened last time as we
were walking you changed your mind you
know I can't breathe Jurassic Park is in
the cinema again I'm like what the hell
watch other people can't believe it oh
god this is steep too steep drop
it's okay I'm on an escalator I didn't
just fall off but she didn't it again
she's still rolling checking out to
Oakland guys eh penis penis toilet she's
doing something with the tail it's
making me uneasy and I have an uneasy
feeling what's that girl they're not
there I don't know just clipped her eyes
open what do you guys think place your
bets now is it open is it closed
okay thanks
funny like what times the closer like 18
19 20 21 I now believe their clothes gel
let's go test them get yourself a tasty
treat yeah yeah got some tasty treats
caution the Tesco we go today oh the
Tesco we go blah blah blah it's like the
oldest high school friend of no nothing
there's like a window thing listen oh
look
yeah but all set up here for the
velocities perfect perfect perfect lady
faint Tesco have been watching our vlog
since SuperValu Andrew Hingham yo we're
always saying about the disco and they
were like oh we can do better than see
Palio we can have it even louder disco
they'll take a disco shopping to a whole
other level there yo you can wear now
when you go hunting make part of a boat
or something look at that one as well
it's very very I'm on a hunt oh look at
the little pandas oh it's so cute Japan
they're shot wait a second we just won
darn second oh I thought they were a
little lamb the little slippers the
little fun slippers we have enough funds
rippers jersey shorts are they from
Jersey Shore Oh jersey shorts Jersey
short you want
and if on the men's rope men's robe .
clomp let's blow this joint
let's blow this joint let's get the hell
out of here let's make our way to the
place we like to go nuts
all we need to get is the lemon juice
that should be around here somewhere
what is that easy swirl what is guy what
is dad dad it's a big trolley they
always seem to have like obstructions in
tasks oh they're very very obstructive
oh my god it's actually fudge like big
lumps of fudge chunks oh no it's not
liars I hate the way in the pack right
you welcome to the pack and if they do
thing in it again oh my god that looks
amazing
that's not what's inside that wrapper
you have to actually go and make that
and when you make it it's not gonna look
like I hate when that happens
it's like false advertising we were
living in London it was I remember here
at Halloween time we went to Sainsbury's
and you know French fancies well they
had a special offer of fiendish fancies
and we're like oh my god and they were
so amazing and every year since then
we've looked around and we've never ever
found them
we've just noticed this ginormous shared
with eleven of your friends oh my god
fiendish fancies oh my god it's been so
long well we got them yeah well we do it
are we fiendish if you can find fiendish
fancies in your local store probably
only probably only in the UK and Ireland
buy them eat them take a picture of them
and put them and put it on my facebook
on my Twitter okay
links in the drop bar I want to see it
and I want you to review an honest
review because and of all the French
fancies to do Christmas morn maybe like
if someone a lot of different English
fancies
amazing
