all right one more time this is a little
time it's not it's not that time it's
never that time it's sometime in the
very a.m. and it is very cloudy and dark
and raining out there but apparently it
supposed to be super sunny in Dublin so
hopefully by the time we get to Dublin
the Sun will be bursts into the skies
Mina's alarm didn't go off
see I set my alarm off for half an hour
after hers because I don't know what I
need to get ready so we're a little bit
of a late situation to which is causing
a little bit of popping but let me get
to this lofaso ass but it's going to be
a tired game
so people want mine there is a crazy
heat storm heat wave thing here and we
probably look ridiculous because I'm
wearing a huge jacket okay and you saw
what it was like this morning in the
rain and the cold horrible now we're in
Dublin is foraging and everyone probably
looking at me going like why is that guy
wearing a super big jacket we have got
45 minutes and around to get to the
embassy I think we'll make it I think
we'll make it I think we'll be okay
is so high oh my god we have to like
completely zero here which it is so hot
what's now I didn't work at all I bet
you might tell me well as we're driving
home tonight we're slowly be the
practice to get colder and colder and
raining rain here you guys enjoying the
travel you guys enjoying the trip you
guys like the Lewis all that cool okay
okay back to the traveling
all right so we're at the American
Embassy now we figure out how to get
down there that stretches the American
guys it's like a whole different country
right there now do you remember the M
remember the fifth amendment the
Constitution we're gonna take the whole
Constitution telling you from YouTube
hey let's do a meet-up in America
it look at everything you're going to
different country right now of you of
you tell me when you're done I'll be
over there
Irish bar sit there - right see to those
everybody and their love you
mommy's over in America at the moment
now if I enjoy a sneaky way to the
primary he can take the right into her
but part was kind of crap especially if
you can call sneaky way guys all righty
ruse that is from this hometown I know
my way around y'all come from these air
parts okay hi hi fell up for YouTube you
know internet television can you say
that or an internet and television two
separate firms is it I am too Internet
come on Dina oh I probably could have
cut you there snarf
hi hi local I'm a local although we
gotta come back here on Monday guys have
we did we forget to tell you we're
coming here on Monday because M and it's
going to be on the RTE television I'm
sharing on some TV show on Monday but I
don't think it's being aired on Monday I
think you're just recording it on Monday
I'm not quite 100% sure but we're coming
to Dublin on Monday to record a TV show
well Anna is to do it's like fashion and
stuff I had advice for teenagers it's
something to do with your past oh but
I'll be there as far as I know in order
to e is another Irish youtuber guy Steve
Byrne couple you guys may know him a
couple you guys may not know him but
yeah he works in Northeast well so we're
gonna like you know maybe probably lunch
you know high-five each other what's
that just like that
probably not
but um this is a wonderful place I like
this place
I'm from these here parts remember
Herbert should be down here it's perfect
part it's just up here
one last pick right guys oh my god oh my
god I like that is that okay so let's
drive down to the end all nice nice bit
of pockets wouldn't you say what a nice
row - hey guys you want to go to the
park okay no one was in a park
yeah this is quite difficult when
actually trying to walk the two of them
they're quite a little handful come on
guys let's see the duckies with duckies
do not jump in there guys okay
dude look at this look at this you'll
have fall in there in a minute
and you'll be sorry will be the very one
mm-hmm use back the duckies you have to
kind of stay together - okay guys that's
the kind of rule okay because okay ma
means he's technically in a different
country right now okay and you guys have
to work together because I'm gonna vote
it no you can't split up no splitting up
people do this for two kids both kids
are led easier because they understand
the old language of English understand
nothing they don't understand nothing
oh my goodness I cannot believe the
weather you sneaky governor's have you
had - how long have you had this waiter
for and you're walking you're gonna
share that with anybody else you're just
gonna keep this for yourself you batters
this but I'm taking his wetter Whitney
where's let me speak to the manager of
the wetter I'm taking this to court I
think the court people deserve a little
bitter there's sunshine in their life
make it two swans
lisa clue I'll be oh I don't seem to
impress guys always playing with this
ones but this one's never one to play
back some little girls coating is like
excuse me mister can I give some bread
to the docs haven't seen it was like
jumping around but you know interest in
the breath then obvious like I have the
bread bread and they're so good they're
so good really been good so
unfortunately we have to come back to
the car we only got about half an hour
40 minutes playing with the Ducks
because I didn't bring any em I didn't
bring a change with me so I didn't want
to run a clamp so all I had us at 11:45
so I pushed it fell about 10 - but no
change up in the car I just found a
couple of like 20s and stuff and I made
up dijanna is able to make go but I got
I got 90 cent so that time is up now and
Anna's in the embassy so I kind of like
go off we get changing these dogs in the
car somewhere so we're way about like 10
15 minutes and hopefully Anna's gonna be
finished then and then we can go off to
like Bushy Park or someone like that I
think they like that I think I'd like
that I think I did some food I am
starved easy mode
Nina's back from American Embassy let go
anything that you wanted to do Greeley's
like to drop all the way up or there's
somebody else freaking told me that you
could do it everybody else stated that
you could do it and he's like oh no you
have to go somewhere
Indianapolis back to Maryland so okay
yeah the documents that I need oh why
was I born in America so you might be
gonna meet up in Maryland soon hahahaha
do you call the American Embassy and
it's like first one America to rest and
then is like for all other inquiries
please go to our website which gives you
no information whatsoever because if
that had given me the right information
I wouldn't have driven all the way up
here today Justin I'm actually dynamin
Singh my American ship pirate kinship my
boy doesn't even in date anymore so I'll
just announce it
I don't think I don't think you
denounced you know the Pledge of
Allegiance you have to say that
backwards three times that's even a
legions pledge I that sounds like from
mold or or something mold or Mordor
Mordor something in my eye
we saw ducks and swans I forgot that
bread I just you know I can't stay
really cute can I be drunk I know I'm so
sorry you owe me cause there's more it's
like oh yeah hold on
I'll try and check that view I was like
thinking that he would kind of you know
maybe bypass if he's called Obama Obama
I got it my tenant code or whatever
waiting for half an hour and I was
standing I wasn't sitting down oh really
yeah standing up the little you have to
like tell everybody your problems
because there's no way through that side
no insight but it's like just a passport
office okay and so everyone can hear you
so you're like you know you have to tell
everybody your problems and then he left
me standing there and like you people
are even like looking at me because I
was there for like half an hour just
standing up at the booth like waiting
and then the garden like it also has
some really gonna make them sad and be
like no I didn't it was crap I stood for
half an hour and sure you should have
done shoulda went outside gotten
American flag and burnt it in front of
them and a US dollar is not illegal or
something to burn like a money or
something like that yeah talking about
that life on the road the road diet
Rose diet we are looking all the yogurts
let's get a copy though
so I know we're thinking like this trip
was a complete waste of time you know
what it wasn't a 100% complete waste
time you know why check out this bad boy
yeah that's the best thing but you know
those machines you do in the gyms it
tells you how many calories you work off
then that's how many calories you know
you can have the next day seriously it's
a prove it's a proven thing it works
what you get
boring boring snoring boring snoring yum
yum yum
we'll probably stop by my dogs well okay
okay because we've got to I've got to
console ourselves with munch of the
crunchy DS also copies copies yes yes I
am yes I am talking to a fluffy devices
rocky liked about the races right at the
current
anyway we're about I don't know
bring Kildare right which is the next
county over to Dublin and it is already
got really cloudy and getting a lot
darker like this is really weird it's
like the Sun is only over Java at the
moment
nowhere else is getting any Sun let's
really selfish of you okay it's just
really weird I like already we're back
into the pilots in the doom and gloom
grew bad oh my god this guy's not fast
I'll empty the head coach
this guy's not even equally as fast oh I
know Mandela's nearby maybe they took a
wrong turn
yep let's go let's go we stopped by
again for a little quick a quick pit
stop what you stopped there
I know I couldn't see you kind of a road
trip without a little McDonald's I'm
loving it
what is this.what cheeseburger a
hamburger that's for two cheeseburgers
so if you take your cheese program maybe
it is a cheeseburger but it's in a
hamburger wrapper
it is cheeseburger in a hamburger
wrapper it's again some sort of a rule
of McDonaldland or something okay this
the army good afternoon sir now I know
that we're actually getting back into
court age one a little little hint this
this is how I know we're back in court
okay
tolerate fantastic absolutely fantastic
you
I thought we were gonna bring the Sun
gladly with us I'm sorry Kourt I tried
my heart is to bring it with us
hahahahaha
homie oh we are all know and it's
lashing rain and a slashing rain I don't
wanna be in vain
first little come on come on come
on in and in and in and in and and and
and so this is kind of weird
did you guys hear that who's a massive
robotic arm
oh let's go back
come back for more
it's okay it's okay it's okay guys yeah
okay it's okay it's only a robotic
robotic arm nothing I need to be alarmed
about wraps I'll be you'll upset the
transformer again Optimus Prime
so I just went to sleep for like I don't
know a few hours like half past three
anyways yeah I suffer actually quite a
bit like four hours is the thing what is
it yeah I think it was I was so tired
and look what happened outside because
that big machine took down all the em
all the like trees and stuff a lot tree
I don't know II think that the bush
actually from the neighbouring field and
it all ended up here see you know well
maybe you can't see that book all the
whole pavement like kind of patio areas
current week so that's kind of funny
obvious you know we're like the hell and
are these Joe yet oh yeah no actually
they're not famous
everyone who goes soon oh yeah and this
is so stupid
sorry we missed you date 29th of the
9/11 this is a package I think it's our
wedding present from my my grandmother
and this is such a freaking joke okay it
says so you missed you
yeah date whatever time
8:15 we lift the heads at 8:20 so these
people lied he would they do that it's
like all we'll just write it up to the
nearest quarter of an hour or whatever I
don't know but that was really stupid so
now I have to go collect it we were here
at a quarter past eight so they did not
come at a quarter past eight because we
left at twenty bucks so it was probably
more like half past but like why would
you live it sometime I thought I don't
know but see the better though oh why
didn't the Sherman's men demise that I'm
catching up mister
quite a few I haven't been able to watch
videos really lately because I was so
busy so I was watching their
yellowstone's
log has catching them um okay now I just
made everything super dark sorry there
was late but yeah I hope I want to go
soon cause I'm starving now that I've
swept for about a million hours and that
light is so non-existent um and I just I
want to get dinner so I wonder if
actually it's Thursday no I think it
won't go ahead until fright I'll tell us
tomorrow maybe I really like going to
Nando's even though it's not like
anything fancy or anything like that but
you know like Nando's well I don't think
it's on the cards for tonight because
we're all very excited so yeah that's
pretty much it I think I'm going to go
and see what I can do with this laundry
now because it's kind of annoying me
right here and then we're gonna go and
get some air
