good-morrow today no excuses
we're up on time ready to go I can track
the mouse
I found the mousie but yet we're up on
time ready to go we did everything last
night we join it and pay for it did all
the molecular keys so we are ready to
rock and roll yo got my old training
clothes on right now
whoo see how you feel in about an hour
right this is the way to do it you see
the girl gave us a time right and she
stepped between this time and this time
no kids are allowed on the premises and
he said that's like the quietest time so
that's the time you were gonna go every
day in these Pacific just like a
two-hour slot at that particular time
every day so I just said I was like
going for that sounds like my kind of
time so to be pretty much empty between
this time start every single day so uh
that's where I like because then let√≠s
go see how much I can block it these
hours I can't guarantee I can do
anything but I know guys you don't want
us to go but it'll be good for daddy
because then then I'll be able to run
with you for much longer when playing
the games
okay would not be better yeah
Lynette you don't like learning so much
what you do you don't care you're just
eating your foot she's eating her foot
what he does mm-hmm we get you some mom
I'm on the ho stuff yeah
delicious noise okay now this is a
million twirls
okay now mine in the house I'll be right
now Cena
okay I got them goodbye what about okay
first we're going over there
50 min I'm sure
hopefully sometime 50 minutes ago median
easier but at the bike I know with the
power our good fat they won in the bag
actually did it look look any different
my dad seen so long you know just
absolutely tells you the first time you
do it but I should get my I've already
said laughing guys look can keep a
little lock so am I have my own robots
excuse me what is what is this sneaky
Simon
looking for a good spot
you put up a classified ad wanted but
spot in the car why don't you go - oh I
love you know so cute
anyways so yeah we're going to poke the
box and we just had a workout in the gym
oh yeah
and then Jonathan was like waiting for
me for like half an hour just kind of
watching I had to wash my hair was like
disgusting but also could cost buddy and
everything after like the workout so I
didn't like dry my head there were a
blow dryers I was like I thought I had
shampoo and everything in there yeah
they had it was it's a nice gym like you
guys saw it's a larger size
so I did five minutes on the bike normal
and then I did ten minutes on the
stepper and I did 15 minutes on
the cross-trainer so that's our boom
thank you minutes
we probably have a little bit of pain
tomorrow what yeah definitely my bum and
my thighs I think because a stepper that
was kind of hard but I didn't do any
weight so no well you're a lady I'm
doing like sit-ups sounds German
so that's fine like britches and leg
lifts and squats like that Swiper we're
going to Dublin tomorrow I hope and I
hope it on and get off painful though
because let's think about doing work at
in the next day you got to do a crazy
long to rise but if anything like a
crazy heat storm I doing some heat wave
in our adult life whenever kind of East
Coast all like oh that's so uh looks
like some African country and I'm like
why don't you be talking about yo it's
like cloudy rainy dark and colors so
we're going to tell them tomorrow so I
am hoping hoping that the weather is
going to be beautiful for us tomorrow in
Dublin person II where it grows us of me
Oh drive into the city haven't that in a
few days okay okay hey ready hey ready
dad oh go get your cup of tea
pause the video get your cup of tea wait
wait you back okay okay ready here we go
you
so cool look let me just a little a
little guy on me let's see if I can get
the air what's the thing the thing is
this thing on it the thing is in there
oh wait is it that's a day right look
hold on a second if you want one of
these right look that's the website and
the email address just go to the website
you can buy and you can buy from PayPal
or you can buy online or if you buy the
even vitamin shops as well they have a
distribution like all across the UK and
Ireland but this is what is it smell
that smell that so super strong cereal
smell supposed to be like the super
smell one coffee no you cannot touch
them off don't touch my mom might come
up isn't that the craziest name for
anything I'll do a proper test later on
because you've got to stick them on and
all but this is going to be awesome if
this thing works on the buggies because
I've got one one of them I'm going to
put this one under 5d because it's
designed for that so that will be going
on that what the second one this little
plug sure is to go on here punch oh my
god that's mouth good so it came from
Maria and Boston right Boston yeah dear
Jonathan and Anna thank you so much for
blogging every day I bring such joy and
laughter to her
hum drum life I know that you both enjoy
drinking lots of coffee so I thought I'd
send some your way hope you enjoy it
Maria thank you so amazing look at the
box it comes in oh my God look at that
she has a name like Latin America East
Africa Indonesia varying this complex
sweet and savory blend oh my god
Stumptown coffee calm let's check that
out
ok I think that means is now oh my so
cool yeah this is so awesome thank you
so much Maria from Boston Boston
Massachusetts now let's give it a test
this is with the microbe up on if they
ship the wait a minute oh but it looks
kind of plenty can you guys you guys can
you guys see the little things on it
that I like it's not so cute it's like a
little troll I popped to your mom
because it's got two microphones so I
put one on either side of the microphone
and see if that works I also stuck the
little logo thing there over the
counting thinks that looks kind of cool
but that's it
and that's what one looks like
and then I put a second one on on top of
that one so I've got both microphones
covered and I think that my yeah that
might work everybody's house let's do a
try outside sweet it's super windy right
now no wonders are having any effect as
my micro mouth having an effect what are
you doing whoa where's a cool breeze
that is that making noise right now or
have we have we established have we
beaten the system the machine
mocchi Maximum Overdrive whoa what is
that thing there there but it's the same
man here I can feel on my legs my legs
are saying you went to the gym young man
I'm like oh oh oh oh geez oh geez
magorium how cute I'll choose the
gloriam look there's a shopping trolley
if you ever need one this one all the
shopping trolleys are being kept secure
I was thinking they're all down and
distal as accusing me of stealing her
iPhone headphones okay make your case
you stole my I applied I pawn I've my
own iPod that you got from me in 2007
yeah
jumper huh no no I remember those things
I'm a sucker like that but make your
case you stole it from me Joe fat oh
because he liked the suits man what's
his name like Oh guys I drew a massive
cow his just walked past they weren't
see I took him out of a bag before he
went to the gym
therefore they are actually my ones but
they came with my htc hate to see
offered me white ones
righty-o trolli means what what a name
for our vlog it is now and Rob blog
these looks like a troll okay and the
blood cadiz looks like a troll we need
to open a name for it look because
that's like it's little eyes or
something at his nose he looks so cute
oh that's right the new copy rocket mare
my good guys are their actual beans
lions beans which part okay
where is the bean maker we need to be
machine where's the bean mushy do you a
day or two bean machine
it's like fruit oh because the fridge
now the fridge is too cold all the time
yeah it's frozen oh it's too cold and
yes please
scusi I need to find there ah the bean
machine I found two bean machine box
machine if you got toaster on this one
thank you okay it's okay it's okay lady
okay
why just in the middle though guys
that's just oh there I'll use that night
but not square do you suppose the king
is regularly yeah what we always did
coffee goes off is it that's it the
beans have been placed in the device hmm
hair blender vendor hair bender her
vendor her Brenda sounds like a German
person same happened ah yeah I just put
this in here close this down in here oh
yeah guys you know I totally forgot I
forgot to tell you guys the secret we
tell them the secret the super secret
huh the secret the special secret I
don't know okay look another thing a lot
of talk about babies and marriage and
stuff I just I really wanted this
particular time to just come on out and
explain everything one time only okay
talk about it again okay
I know you guys will respect our privacy
thank you very much for understanding
and you know thank you for being here
for us at this difficult time nothing
now it has been placed into the place to
be placed and we will press the button
we will close the lid the water and the
right standing water on the peep and up
open the peep and a bay in a Poe and a
hay in a YAG let's go and eat our run
today
what you whom you are just relaxing I
just wanted to show your crazy little
Hobbit isn't it so weird this is fun
because you really like I don't know
creepy she has some kind of relationship
with the with the blanket I don't know
why I'm going out for dinner guys
mMmmm here is today's question because a
my hair made a big mistake twice
okay the first mistake will that slide
because you know she's in her 20s but
the second boy
what's to you ask them Henry you can't
see one what what what so Emma and all
her wonderful is and seems to think that
chickens give birth to cows check out a
real dog
and I don't know to work it's Amina Gina
it's alright anyway is egg class as a
dairy product that's the question but I
am pretty sure that dairy means comes
from a cow like milk and is no cheese
isn't then it is can you make sure you
some cows oh yeah that's the debate
that's the heated debate at dinner
tonight do you think an egg is class as
a dairy product or is it not is it a
poultry product be very interesting
crave responses been do sometimes trying
to get a printer to work is the most
complicated thing in the world
okay so we need to print this off for
tomorrow HBM obama i need to go to the
u.s. embassy and it's just some stuff
for our wedding thing the marriage
license thing whatever you want to call
it
what's even happening here I don't even
know what's happening it's making lots
of noise I don't see where the paper
comes out but I'm yeah so we have to be
pretty darn early in the morning which
is the pain in the holy moly but yeah
we're gonna be to go to the embassy so I
just watch print click print okay check
the print canon MP is the MP 2 2 sermon
in p2 7 oh I'd like to see ya
go ahead and print that what I like to
actually do Oh something's happening
Pinkus no just I don't even know what
thinking like a man but yeah I'm not
really sure how long it's gonna take
forever to do this stuff but I'm
actually not able to go in because I'm
very strict in embassies so I'm pretty
sure I will have to wait outside but
behind the embassy is Herbert Park and
you guys are from Donnybrook you'll know
Herbert Park
so hopefully apparent is like a crazy
weather at the moment in Dublin so I
might hang around
Herbert Park with the doggies four-way
frana it's pretty good to take your
phone off you and I'm not like here so
I'm just gonna walk you know like fine
they take a phone and everything for her
this is making so much noise
and then afterwards she's just have to
come I gotta ring me and hope still like
10 hours I'm a baby she didn't get
deported while she's in there and then I
would never know that it's not really
the right colors but I think it'll do I
think it will do u.s. Department of
State
tranny explained here
well chalet we're awesome mom came from
