I've been abandoned abandoned abandoned
abandoned huh no I'll be yeah who else
is there
girl's family Kim Dong oh sorry okay
well you guys have fun in your lunch
date yeah yeah yeah it was made
perfectly clear a girl time
no boys invited oh now all of a sudden
I'm invited in my slippers so I got
invited you know the best part about me
getting by you guys I mean you guys get
to come too so where are we going
must be some sort of five-star dandy
panda palace for Trapasso I'm accustomed
to a certain issue mr. Guan as you
saying sure mama stylers the our village
our local village there's the house
that's the house that's the house that's
the road that's the man that's the sign
that's not the man with the num-nums
don't be confused oh no this is the
traffic jam all the kids are at school
who invented school ending times how
inconvenient I couldn't get away you
gone
shado could have wet it we went to
distill relay in probably wind blowing
and I'm hearing but speaking by the wind
blowing a totally awesome super awesome
guy from the UK I think I will leave his
links and stuff when I receive it but
and the popo box I think he's actually
sent me it's kind of like a wind
dampener it's for the PSL ores it's a
mini one for a DSLR but I was like hey
tink that would work on the vlog it is
so he's gonna send me and a couple I'm
gonna test it to see if it actually
works in a blog look really funny cuz it
look like vlog is has a little troll
head but what will be awesome is that
will have no wind
he'll be defended against the wind we've
been trying to print our wedding
pictures for so long now and every time
we we go and actually go to print them
it just fails and then we forget it and
then forget it and then the place closes
and the machine doesn't work and every
single Halloween and then every single
time nothing ever works even know what
little as one making you know we have
arrived farmgate Hey
whoo that's cool huh this is awesome
it's like a proper little it's like a
farmers market what funny bread mmm
like cakes I know
like a little farm barn or something
fancy artwork
so what yes
you know it all seems so British
delicious delicious you know you're
gonna like weird trick me trickery
trickery going on with the menus there I
think I've decided to give you chicken
and mushroom pies because if you love me
some bolivars
and that sounds like just a ginormous
bar bond so I'm gonna go with that would
you like that - yummy yummy look at my
chicken pie oh god it was like toasting
stuff
like that was like Fred and his Tosun
looking forward to this bunch of the
crunch so that was I don't know about
only the most amazing food I've ever had
in my life oh my god
that was awesome do you like your yeah
don't care your phone make a sound
during our little time no I'm stopping
this so day one slept in misty off-peak
gym time decided I'll go tomorrow day
two had all the intentions are going but
ended up going to the market and getting
a nice dinner so and we probably missed
the off-peak time so let's try again
tomorrow shall we Harry kilometers
yeah check out my lemon tart who want
you like me a good tart what you got
pasta toss see what's over here or
incopy Oh copy
speaking of copy two of my favorite
things
well you're my third favorite things
will market because the good sinners new
lasagna
be for your client
you can any mushroom
mmm-hmm to be hasty
though he decided to walk up to the dog
sitter the dog so we always see he
decided we'd walk up and have a look at
them hello hello tired
they're so cute I wanted to walk up you
seem really quiet oh yeah we're parked
over here down the old Jameson
experience no chopper traffic
alrighty Roos on the walkie is even
though McDonald even though it's raining
it's the dedication we have how do we
notice the walkies in a close proximity
where we have to drive here you know but
it's awesome that it's near enough okay
it's business time for Alby
even though when it's raining it's still
nice to be at Lake you don't feel like
cider and rain the Lakers game right the
Lakers game so plan is to drop these
little fellas home and then we'll go up
to the gym CO and we'll give them all
our money I'm gonna say take all our
money
okay but maybe give us go sitting you
queasy tonight they have like an outdoor
private garden Jacuzzi area hot tub
thing that sounds nice and they have an
indoor hot tub swimming pool and sauna
steam room like a water suite and then
they have a gym area
wait area that's what I wanted see I
didn't want to join like all the gyms
that I had kind of looked at I think I
looked at like I don't like ten James or
something like that and most of them are
just like you know heavy workout games
you know like floor works or just
weights and stuff when I was like I
don't want to get any bigger I don't
want to lose that much weight
I just want to tone up a little bit not
crazily just just enough for the ladies
this so I can fit into my New York shop
I've got this NYPD t-shirt and you know
the NYPD one the blue one yeah that's my
goal clothes guys please
every time I put it on now I always feel
like there's a little protrusion in the
belly area I'm like get out of here man
it's all like I have to suck it in but
then and then I collapsed and faint
because I'm sucking in for too long so
that's my plan
see if I can fit into this one this is
good though we're dealing like this is
six this is like a mile up and back is
like one mile so but you know quite
speedily tip tip it
okay guys let's go we are doing this we
are going to the gym we are going to pay
them because then it'll make a lot
easier once you join you know the
paperwork's done you know the funny
thing is guys we almost failed again
because we feel that all the forms we
left them behind
we're driving in the road and I was like
if you got some forms right and you're
like no I was like all right God they
got us again
oh we're not we are we are going to go
we're going to we're gonna fill out
new forms
it was weird everybody on the way back
right I won't become like this way but
you can see it better on the way back
because this is incited a walk that's
decided to walk but we are doing this
right hold me to it hold me now you're
not leaving here without a membership of
a gym look the balls from the class
that's it it's done he's going we joined
a patch up wait a second please
look the first place you know we joined
it it's all done so we are now
officially part of it this one you're
going for and is that for yeah one to
tan ah perfect
you wanna have a look looking like
yesterday
this is it this is probably the best
thing here because it's like the harness
for it sir is he thinking for the
wintertime we need to stop harness for
I'll be in suna because what we used to
is we put something over to harness and
then it gets kind of squished we don't
actually have the little house so now
that we joined the gym right and
tomorrow or tonight is technically our
last night not in the gym so well girl I
think technically I should be able to
buy all of these like 20 boxes of French
fancies some cakes we're gonna need to
get a truck he's gonna need to get a
truck only is there a couple of trolleys
because I've joined the gym okay so this
is my last night of freedom
because we have until midnight tell a
month at midnight midnight month go
animate direct munch still have these
guys although they are sad to say
deteriorating deteriorating at a rapid
rate so I don't know how much longer
these are gonna last you know I'm a
really decide unless of course you work
in a hotel steal them steal them and
send them to me I won't tell anyone
oh wait I might tell 17,000 people touch
be alarmed
they won't tell anybody it could be a
you guys secret I came out there because
I had some sort of the caterpillar Luxor
here we go just go let's go this is the
best thing I missed that one here you go
okay guys there you go thank you good
fitness routine is that plan gym today
yeah where is he it's been lost for a
while
let's get you wanta help him do that mix
where is he dude why he's young
okay guys make noise
okay go on that's hard to stand on
though what's that big white one doing
there hey go hide
hey don't try this at home kids we're
we're trained idiots go faster faster
afraid Oh
P Liam oh crap afraid okay why in wall-e
over here
