ok so these are the last of the t-shirts
going out which are a little bit late
because we had some issues with sizing
some people hadn't given us their the
sizes yet so we had to kind of get those
from them but these are the last ones
I'm gonna stand back so that you guys
can't see the addresses but um just to
do something like kind of I don't know
it's kind of silly but I just thought
you know the stickers that was stole
from Tesco the ones that um didn't go
through on our whatever checkout thingy
I'm gonna put one on each of these
envelopes just like as a kind of apology
for being late so if you are one of the
people that ordered a t-shirt in the
like the last batch when we kind of
resold them after all the initial ones
had gone out then you are getting a
doggie or yeah doggie or cat
sticker
whichever one so maybe I'll do cats for
girls and stuff the boys I'm not very
sexist yes it is but that's the way it's
gonna go today so all right if I can get
it open with one hand okay now I'll try
and you like girly ones for the girls
though and kind of boy lensman boys okay
so this is Michael so Michael is gonna
get I think one of these what do you
guys think one of these alright now I
have to do this without showing his
address so let's put it here okay there
you go Michael
Oh Michael has to cuz I think he got two
for each of his sons or for two of his
son so I'm gonna put another left this
similar you guys can see that I'm gonna
put another one of these doggies there
we go
so that's michael dunn now Kathleen
Clark okay so this is a girl so she
needs like a girly one you know so I
think I'm going to give her a little
pussycat I'm gonna give her a dis one of
you with the pink heart okay
I'm gonna put that there so Kathleen
Clark get a little sticker with a
guy snow saline Lemire from Canada okay
this one she's a girl as well obviously
so she's gonna get something cute um I
think I'm gonna give saline a doggy this
is it Chihuahua in a purple heart
so we're gonna put that stairs
there you go saline no Suzanne curve
another girl I hope most of you aren't
careful though because then we'll run
out of girly ones I'm gonna give you a
doggy again but I'm gonna give you this
one here in a heart in extra her name
there we go and Stephanie Pro from the
United States okay she's gonna get a
pussycat I think yes this one right here
okay
oh god this is gonna topple over all
right so that's all to the United States
done and Canada actually sorry and then
Amy truck hey Amy is going to get a hmm
let me give her a chihuahua
this one the Purple Heart right there
now sorry it's all like kind of covert
and everything but I don't I don't
people's addresses and it says Erin
Madden she doesn't have her address on
yet so you can see that because I need
to get her dress from my computer
Erin Madden is going to get a oh I'm
gonna give her this one here he's cute
isn't he
it's in a blue heart but you know it's a
cute doggy it's kind of girly so uh okay
Laura Holston from the United Kingdom
again I'm gonna give you this dog here
is that a pass at hand or something I
don't know
there we go okay
and now onto Germany's another girl
SAS yep Molnar mother I think you are
gonna get BAE special one because you're
in Germany so I'm going to give you I
think this is probably will be my
favorite one actually I'm not really
sure yeah I think it's probably be my
favorite one this is the one that looks
most like Albie and Cena this one right
here I think it's meant to be a poodle
though but it's a really cute little
prissy dog like white dog in a pink
shirt so you are gonna get that okay now
we have Stephanie from Australia another
girl okay so I'm gonna give you a let's
see which one should I give her hmm I
think I'm gonna give you this it's a
black and white kitten with a ball of
wool isn't that so cute yeah I'm gonna
give you that okay all the way to
Australia that's really cute and then we
have to in court and her both boys
finally okay the Thomas Cronin is going
to get a
thing I will give you a is that a basset
hound every don't know it is this one
right here I'm going to give you this
one because that's kind of like a boy
dog would joke to me okay this is gonna
sound really sexist and then for John
Brennan gonna give you the Dalmatian
okay cuz you know John mates of
Dalmatian I think so gone from Klaus
okay
there we go now all of you have stickers
on your very late packages so I
apologize for that but like I said we
didn't want to spend any of them out um
kind of separately we wanted to do it
all at the same time we're waiting on
sizes and stuff so now I need to get
Aaron Aaron's address and then we are
good to go right let's bring all this
malarkey jerky down to the po po po not
the po po a different kind of po po has
the same essence of the po po except it
does not have a box right and we still
got some so you got a couple s ticket
hmm oh these stickers what because I
took it I had to put all the envelopes
in it and then I realized I could
probably fit them all in the little bike
brought it in the box yeah yeah yeah
here's our awesome picture save a
website his evil website cuz he sells
all his artwork like what is it art yeah
suppose art its photo lithography but I
know he sells it all but I don't know I
think he might might be all in like a
gallery I don't need it's actually on a
website when you guys are interested in
buying it they're pretty optional yeah
and I'm really good like the big picture
now we're gonna bring these guys down to
after we go to the post office we've
heard rumors of a place so we never been
there before so I'm gonna try it because
everyone keeps even suggestions of
places to go so
let's go try it let's go check that one
out chicken the chickens music oh you
may have noticed that today we didn't
actually make it to the gym because we
wanted to buy the offbeat thing so what
we'll do is we'll join it tonight like
will pay for tonight and then we'll go
tomorrow because we woke up too late and
then it takes like you know once you
wake up then I gotta do the editing and
all the vlog ADIZ and all that kind of
stuff first like and then it it didn't
open like half four and then it was like
oh crap because 6 o'clock is off-peak
end time is like pee time so we have on
from 6 o'clock every day so hey one was
a fake reply that they choose gonna be
awesome right Eros to the Popo about set
up elbow box
oh into the Popo Fox oh into that Popo
box no we're not going to the Popo box
will go into their Popo is he ready
there's no boxes no max is now what time
is it and I will go straight to the
popovers
because apparently this is where I'm
thinking there's a pedestrian here
remember I saw a guy running people over
or somebody says he can left here
natural bring me yonder wander which is
down there but I'm willing I'm lying if
you're willing I'm willing we could do
it together
all done zo guys all sent to the Popo
you know what I forgot I forgot to bring
a block camera in with me so
unfortunately you guys didn't get to
watch me stick all the stickers on well
yeah I love all the little stickers you
get you get a little fun Co stickers but
um that's it all done every single
t-shirt tippity-top we have no TVs left
that's it
teachers are no Liam I don't even have
my teacher left because I have to give
it to someone else because I forgot
about them so let's go train for you to
walk right okay so we're coming up to
the M pedestrian crossing here so
apparently
I should take a left here on a right now
because I'm coming from a different
direction so I presume I couldn't not
really sure what's gonna stop it thank
you I think not quite sure okay I danced
here this road
those kids are napping in audience Tina
what enough frak this is a football
thing or something no I was on the other
side of town it's like a school up here
or something
Mount Pleasant remember it's like saying
mentalism
okay so head down here and it should be
like you're late for a canal or oh wait
a second
this looks good what looks like a park
right in front of us
well holy chuckle peg wait a second
oh my god look it's a big mark Shan is
there like an actual park entrance of
the parking Queen or is that it like
this is just command there because
that's fine needed but I don't know
about doing that often lead that wall
jeepers it's a low bridge
what's this Oh Anna would like Molly
anin woodland walk welcome to Bali Annan
woodland walk okay this is so nice
my god this is so awesome
whoever suggested this I love you you
are you are today's best subscriber
number one subscriber for today is
whoever suggested this this is awesome
I don't want to keep going on about how
awesome this is but this is pretty
awesome
I get that we lake in there the lake is
so pretty oh my God look how pretty it
is nice I think I actually I think I
looked at those apartments when we were
looking for apartments I think we ever
saw them but I think I looked at it in
high it's a nice view onto the lake nice
little party area look at the bridge
well is it one of those noisy ones all
right doesn't make any noise out of you
be happy he doesn't like the bridges
that make him feel like bridges whoa
cool
it is the car bridge in the human bridge
car human hi I'm a human I take the
human bridge he's human and that's what
humans do yeah a big open grass space oh
my god finally
finally our walkies that's really close
by
Thanks nice find nice behind every day
I'm walking walking walking walking 603
this is really
hobbies get the toy homies get the toy
oh oh it's pretty close actually I was
thinking like maybe collect them off
here boy make it easily one draft okay
let's see how becomes wandering out and
splat and splat no Liam situation I
don't want no splatter dog where does
this even go what does this even lead us
to who knows Oh underneath who knows
what's around this corner I don't know
oh it's not around a corner I thought we
were heading in that way this guy let's
enjoy this adventure together guys cool
it leads nowhere
I'm the nowhere man I'm travel around
going nowhere I'm nowhere man
in case someone says actually a certain
time what is that song I just made it up
it's a joke so originally now this could
all end in tears
okay this could all end in tears like I
see no one's to get up yeah what how
does this work is this move
oh it opens Oh
patti-anne a woodland way okay we're
gonna have to stick this as the place
that we did a castle timer so where are
we where's the you are here thing the
blue thing so we're here
no that's the carpark of zero meters oh
we just did eight hundred meters look
you are here
that was the carpark we were in the car
park we walk through here I was 800
meters huh and then oh wait a second
look oh no wait look if we go into the
woodland area here it doesn't lead you
back to the car park or anything this is
a massive place this is huge don't
you're falling there Abby no no no no
that's to keep the cows out at Albie are
you a cow I'm not sure that's to keep
the cows out guys
I'm not sure a cow okay are you a cow
I'll be you're not a cow okay cheese
like Michael knows what cows are and
you're not a cow
see you Carol Michael it's time do you
get some time to get some num nums
I'm hungry hungry as a hippo so I think
we got she might go to
SuperValu because I think sea-fight is
still open I think it's open until 10:00
what do you guys think huh it's a good
plan
I am i blow-dried my hair you guys tell
the difference like it like it it's blue
dried huh no pride blood Ron Xena Xena
you're so cute
are you going do you think you're doing
huh what do you think you're doing you
guys can't come though cause it's super
value sorry sorry sorry your disco
shopping it's always so loud in here
yeah I'm Brad I love me some I love me
some barmbrack you guys my lastly I'm at
the farm right by a I would munch it
down punch it down like a munch it to
crunch it now now see oh you guys you
see on Twitter and Facebook I just said
that I had sixteen thousand nine hundred
ninety-nine scribers know if seventeen
thousand subscribers what have you guys
in a tree but seventeen thousand
subscribers
holy crap you guys remember I was just
saying I was like last Christmas didn't
we have like six six or seven thousand
last Christmas and now it's September
we've 17 holy crap only that is a lie
that is a lot of subscribers okay I
don't care what anyone says that's a lot
of people watching my uh hi let me say
hello to everybody
hi
at 70 dozen times okay let's get em
mistiness I'm a bit of a winner winner
why did I just go and get myself some
chicken dinner they got the vegetables
we got the potato we got the stuffing we
got the winner winner chicken dinner
oh my god what love admiration and
respect for 17,000 people I know it's
always forgotten no like cause
everyone's like Oh 10 years a million
subscribers the million subscribers is
now the new thing that's like I'm kind
of a million subscribers I don't have a
minute subscribers but I just think like
when you think about the number 17,000
you think about like imagine 17,000
people that's like 17,000 people saying
I like you it's a lot like I don't care
what anyone says about it like don't
screw up or in an alley there's a lot
and thank you thank you every single one
of you you guys are awesome you guys
make me happy every single day and I
hope I make you guys happy every single
day
