so I was just doing my makeup and I
realized that Marley came to call for
Alby Xena can you see you okay guys Oh
where's the key
where is the key we can help you so
excited nano fighting this time okay
sometimes Albie and Marnie have little
fight okay say hi say hi good dogs
okay nice and cam good dogs
no fighting I'll be all right no
fighting
just Albie and Marnie because they're
both boys sometimes they have little
disagreements you know but see that
point oh no I wasn't opening it
I wasn't opening it cam cam
Shh you like my little um
Cesar Millan impression but yeah so
Miami's here hi mommy
hi hey so I had to show you guys this
because this is so cute and I don't know
if any of your dogs do this if any of
you guys have dogs but um basically
every morning or afternoon ready let's
be honest when I make the bed I'll be in
Siena wait and they always get in
trouble like not in trouble but they
always kind of like put one foot on
there step there or like maybe like two
little paws and then I'm always like no
wait for mommy and they understand what
I mean like they understand what I'm
saying cuz I'm making the bed so I
understand that they're not allowed up
while I'm making the bed until I'm
finished and like I don't care like I'm
not one of those freaky weirdos who like
freaks out of you know if somebody gets
onto the bed after it's maglin if it's
made who cares like it looks nice it
doesn't matter about like a few creases
although I used to be a bit like anal
about it I used to be like when I lived
at home like with my parents I used to
hate when people put creases on my bed
but that's because I loved I mean I have
my own room so it's different when you
have a family so um
plus with jovis he just everything so he
just jumps on top of beds and breaks
them so you can't really be like that
but um I'll be in seen her so cute
because they just wait the whole time
and then as soon as I'm done they like
run to the bed and run up the steps and
they do this so they just kind of like
cuddle and hang out in the bed Cena has
her little relationship with her fuzzy
thing I don't when you understand that
but she just for some reason loves Thea
blanket the furry blankets she like
choose it and kind of does a weird
movement I don't know she's pretty
straight
she has like a very strange relationship
with the blanket so anyways
and then Alby usually well he's not
doing it right now but usually he will
go up onto the like to the kind of
printed pillow or a cushion he always
like kind of makes a little bed in there
so they love when I'd make the bed it's
so cute and they just feel like it's a
new bed or something or oh my god if we
change the sheets that is like a novelty
like they love that they go crazy they
usually like run around and like pull
everything up and they just really like
the smell obviously or like the feeling
of fresh sheets which everybody does
don't they yeah I think so
so anyways that's enough of that I am
making lunch right now and mmm mom
nothing I'm gonna make a bagel let's do
this today
oh the 25th that's okay that's fine
we're gonna make a bagel should I offer
one to Joe us as well that would be a
nice - only thing is he's really fussy
supposed to know what he wants in this I
don't think you need tomatoes and hey
I'm not really sure and then we're
running out of this the ballymaloe
relish which if you don't know what this
is you should try it it's really really
good and then what else chicken I'm
always trying to drink more water no
matter what time it is what no matter
what time of the year it is I'm more
excited drink more water and I never do
because I hate having to pee all the
time it really irritates me like it's
like a chore then that I have to do I
hate it oh yeah when when he was over he
loved the Chewbacca like isn't it so
funny because somebody left to come and
said that the Chu background looks like
Marnie which is actually true it does
more than obviously Alby and Cena and he
was over and he was going insane like he
would make it you know make noises and
then he just like run around and get all
excited and be like as if to be like oh
my god how does that know
com√∫n was so cute I'll be seeing her
like I don't know is it that they're
smarter one whip it took care that's
what so let me just ask Jim Johnson
joins bagel oh yeah I'll be awesome and
Johnson's gotten into eating granola
with yogurt for breakfast which is
really impressive cuz like he was never
a breakfast person at all and it was
always me for a second
don't don't mind if I do
but yeah he never ate like breakfast
ever
look at that that is crap okay so
nobody's gonna eat that see that's
really suck but yeah so he's eating um
this Kenneth the same as me now for
breakfast which is very good and very
healthy so I'm very proud of him so I'm
gonna make the bagels now and I can't
really feel for it because it kind of
gets in my way so I'm gonna turn you off
now okay I also was wondering if some of
you guys could help me something because
this is something that I really know
nothing about but basically I have not
taken like any vitamins or any like
supplements in I don't know how many
years like since I left home probably
because my parents always had them in
the house and when I was in school I
always took like something in the
morning but then when I kind of moved
out on my own like I never could afford
to buy that stuff because it's really
expensive like if you look in the shop I
was actually shocked I was like oh my
god no wonder I never bought these
myself because they are it's like it's
like 10 euros for like a little thing of
multivitamins but anyways so I bought
some yesterday because I was like okay
you know wait I was like okay you know I
don't I don't know like should I take
them or not like what is like what what
are the best will answer this benefits
but like I just don't know if it's
necessary or not because my mom always
kind of said that um you know you should
get like all the vitamins and minerals
you need through the foods that you eat
like you should focus on eating better
food rather than like eating crap food
and then taking a whole load of
supplements which she definitely has a
point but at the same time I remember
like when I lived at home like I said
when I was in school I would take a
month no tonight I would take definitely
CMAs chewing on anything
definitely a cod liver oil or like a
fish oil tablet because I remember
always having to take this like massive
thing but like I never really cared
because I don't have like a what you
call it Jonathan hasn't really bad like
gag reflex or whatever I don't have that
so I can take tablet like got her like
this big but yeah so I I used to take
one of those so a cod liver oil and then
I definitely used to take vitamin C I
remembered like cuz I remember the
tablets like there were orange things so
yesterday I went to one of their in
Super Value I got this so this is one a
day pure cod liver oil plus
multivitamins so it's got omega-3 fish
oil and vitamins A D and E so that
sounds good right and because it says
plus multivitamin so like instead of
getting this plus and motivating because
I don't really know about a multivitamin
like I know I eat pretty well so like I
get a lot of nutrients anyway well I
don't eat like super well but I do eat
like fruit vegetables I don't have
problems with vegetables like some
people and then I got this now this I
think I made a mistake because what does
health insurance for the whole family
but this says vitamins A C and D and I
just remembered to the package like this
is I'm pretty sure this is the one that
we used to get at home
but then I opened it this morning and it
was like sixty orange k4 chewable
tablets with sugar and sweetener and
then I was like oh is that the one for
kids and I think it is I think I got the
one for kids because they're like bigger
then I then I remember and like they're
chewy ones and I'm not sure if we have I
don't know so I'm just wondering like
what your guys thoughts are on the whole
vitamin thing like supplements thing do
you think they're necessary if so like
what ones do you take or what ones work
for you like just let me know how like
in the comments because I really have no
idea I don't know it's like taking these
things we are gonna make me feel better
like I would like obviously if they did
but just let me know cuz I have no idea
so thanks so I just made coffee and
bagel for javis now let's see
pick em bring this in I don't think I
can okay all right and seeing as I
thought you're gonna want to come in now
Oh God
pause as a bull I'm gonna open the door
can't you thought put it here
careful careful
well I put it I don't know anywhere oh I
know here you know it's gonna fall you
have to Emma done it she was cursing a
lot
oh no Liam come on Sina in enemy good
girl
you're being so good you never have
accidents anymore
they hardly ever do even when we leave
them like on their own when we go out
like they do not have accidents anymore
it's really amazing so Jonathan says he
has a problem with his tomato and combo
check oh my that always happens to me
I just wanna : was like splash I don't
that's why I hate cherry tomatoes and
Megan's on the chair as well I think's
motive because you shouldn't known
cherry tomatoes are like that trust me
so a 16 oz she's probably more likely to
have it's so honest filling out the
forms for the gym because I just
recorded the first of my what I call it
slim Joseph slim jovis yeah we call it
Slim's opus that's the yeah I got a slim
PlayStation so I feel now I need a slim
jovis so my first episode episode 1
Slim's office I like that name so if you
have not subscribed to it and if you
want to you know watch the adventure as
@m grows because I'm gonna put the first
one today which basically am just show
us me pictures of me how I am now puts
my weight and stuff on 185 guys if
you're curious if you are people some
people are ok
don't judge me but I am yeah it's the IG
opus channel and I put in a
an annotation thing here just I don't
want to do it on the daily rocks
obviously I'll talk about it maybe a bit
on daily rocks as part of my life but
you know I wanted to make like just
short videos and then just sort of map
out today because obviously on daily
Rockets name you got a gym doing that
kind of stuff but it won't be
specifically just I don't want to call
them wait and see I'm not really about
losing weight per se just getting rid of
my man good it's like this man belly
when once I hit my 30s I don't know like
it's just some sort of a gut just appear
here looks like go away
so I've shouted at it I've screamed at
it I've beaten it at night but it won't
go away so I've decided I'm gonna and
their nice new office I Nena Harris is
filling out the forms no cash
where's pay up front pay the whole thing
up front it's the best way to do it says
my trick if I give them a god-awful
amount of money I will definitely go
every single day heading no mames Jeff
have up my team you rats are gonna try
and bring their ANS
see where some yeah but it started
raining just we left the house so that's
it that's a knowing situation but
hopefully now it's
tighten up it's my it's kind of like by
cheating because I go to gym two but
I'll walk the dogs as well it's like my
my hidden cheat but you're the one that
Jim well though I walk the dog is to
actually what I do what I bring to me is
this this is my key because it makes me
run along with Tina I drove my ball my
ball you guys she my ball where's my
ball
oh my god guys we forgot the leads we
forgot the leaves for the dogs good job
they're like good job it's these two and
they're like you know we do this all the
time so it's not that big of a deal like
you just put them down and they just
they're walking along a walk but like
went for a walk with the dogs and forgot
the leads that is the craziest thing you
guys ever done that anything
are you ridiculous like us ridiculous
pediculosis owners just read in the
comments there when we were driving
around know who accepted traffic guys
thanks for all your positive support on
the M my first of my I'm going to lose
my fat belly in video that's a lot guys
I appreciate that
here have a basketball me a toy a be
nuts
it's rainy guys guys careful the water
run to the water I'll be a walk along
the side so cute that we what's your
cutie pie raining so that's oh my god I
hate the edible flies oh my god you walk
like a big pile like you have to just
kind of like close her nose close your
ears close your eyes close your mouth
you had a few did you small but you just
like becoming like compact the piles of
like 20 billion or something that you
just walk through wonder the calorie
count to the fly is we got presents
wedding friends belated wedding presents
mmm visitor frame come on guys
careful guys it looks kind of nice amara
cool well a little bit dusty so you know
we're prepared it wasn't so does the
person who gave us this her husband is
that photographer that's my your husband
it's cool isn't that's kind of Myra guys
are we gonna go there yeah we're gonna
go there go to that exact spot we will
find anything about I already wanted
stuff to put up in our news looks like
there's a little slobber from I'll be
there
what's that a little lick a little
licking yeah that's really nice yeah I
know put it with the rest of them how
much you gonna fetch the toy first first
a toy that's the toy come on boy good
girl good girl bitch are you a vegetal
University you gonna fix the toy oh yeah
yeah okay oh boy oh good girl good girl
veggies veggies but she knows
Benji no one else huh mm-hmm
yeah
