if it's not one thing it's the other
look I'll be Marcin I don't know who was
but a little choo-choo with this and
like look at the little thing you see
here like the actual thing he's come out
of the solder so it's kind of screwed
but that's the end of those folks like
the actual headphones will still work
perfectly fine I just have to disconnect
up with the actual made box thing that
controls the actual feed that comes in
and out of them kaput it's gone it's
over so I just rang around there and it
looks like a couple of the stores have
the p11 which is supposed to be quite
good I actually have the box of the
original p21 that I bought but I didn't
realize at the time when I got it is
that I also got this thing the dss thing
I knew that I said this is like super
expensive just this little thing in its
own it's actually nearly more expensive
than the actual headphones so they have
the p11 I didn't know the PX meant
PlayStation and Xbox but I don't have an
Xbox so I don't need them so I'm looking
at this one here which is the pure level
it's got like some 15 millimeter thingy
bobbins on it so sadly sadly they are
kaput so we'll go get the new one
whoa my boy pick up so I think I might
weak Nina to a little bit of lunch so
we're going into town
absolutely not right to mountain time
which is the shopping mall of our town
we're going to get headphones first
josephus as they broke get here a
determine oh yeah and every single data
is then we're going to go to have some
lunch but we wake up super late so sorry
hope you know you say how much it like
for like three or four recent because
we've been getting up sweaty but it's
sad your neck
I hit a great hunger rise to me when I
get up hitting and then the ropes and
then but yeah and today is pretty sunny
for once and it's like in its Irish life
and I'll be Encino
when things are at home but we will take
four more today like a proper in long
walk mighty castle Martha or Jacobs
Island not quite sure or there was that
one place that somebody said yeah you go
past them
someone said go past Casa Mar there and
just up the road a little bit is another
big forest Ewok thing so we might try
and find out but if that was you leave a
comment and be a little slightly bit
more descriptive in your near details
also guys it's Saturday you know the
next Saturday or a next Friday I'm not
even sure when it is next weekend
there's a meet-up in Dublin are you guys
going to that meetup in Dublin cuz we're
gonna be there whoo we have so much
stuff to do with Dublin next week well
yeah we'll be there next Saturday or
Friday I'm not quite sure I thought it
was the Saturday but then I think why
would it be to Friday wouldn't make any
sense to be to Friday so I think it is
Saturday if in stephen's green and like
two or twelve or I don't know Steven
burns going to be there it's a 365 days
or you know you super famous casino or
teehee
but and we're gonna be there and Philip
DeFranco Lyndsey loves so many people I
don't know I think those other people go
but you guys probably already know about
that because it's on the Facebook am
they have an event-based bugling thing
somewhere you're buying it just Google a
DeFranco Dublin or something like that
they're in London as well but they're
gotta take it Saturday I think it's a
tout
we're going to aim for Saturday and hope
we don't miss it
I want to kidding I was talking to
Lindsay she was like look and also I
just can't remember who is Saturday
I think I'm sorry but anyway anyway you
guys going and if so like you gotta work
you gonna way you guys ditchin what
would not be awesome okay when you guys
each other but I don't think everyone's
perfect was the only how many games sent
to Ireland
yeah 15 more than 15 of Dublin although
is anyone actually gonna travel this
because we were going to do meetups Pam
and I'm Gloria I wanted to do a quark
one again because people been asking me
and I was like okay but then on on the
defranco meetup thingy do YouTube meter
thing on Saturday it's like a low those
people are saying they're gonna go so I
hope I hope it's not people are gonna
disappoint you know we gotta represent
the country here folks okay hope we're
not gonna be a disappointment like I
think it's like a thousand people or
something's had to go to go which I
think let's say 40 percent of those
people probably won't go clean actually
given you can say almost half the people
that say they're going to go to
something probably won't go and then
ever rains that morning but I would say
there's probably could be like I don't
know two or three hundred people you
imagine two or three hundred people
at dublin gonna be crazy you know if
people turn up at it or maybe like no
suspect will be there oh yeah so your
and in dublin possibly next Saturday or
Friday don't forget to pop out Stephen's
Green follow the police and the riot
squad when they're trying to figure out
what the hell has happened all these
people here
it was like you know where next is you
know the big shop over there next we
were like oh it's just inside the door
so we actually were walking behind and
you came inside the door and he took the
left went back into the car park so we
pulled it originally he was like
wandering around
oh man we should just follow him the
rest of the day who are we can go into
King so I got that big twin no I got the
p11 almost got the p20 ones but because
I was like actually had one of the
original p21 I was like oh my under two
years old so I decided to embrace the
future and get the t11 for future
proofing ourself Nina
it's good to be future proof but she is
so pretty excited so watch them
unboxing and reviews and stuff usual to
YouTube take your product name into
youtube description bar you get to see
someone take it out of a box
play with it talk about it that's the
best thing about YouTube
that's the Munch oh wait a second they
don't say cards at bagel bar please note
in ATM first
remember no does the q2 means it's
working today I'm gonna go to the
Italian job pesto chicken mozzarella red
onion garlic mayo sunburst mono
Sanna something you'd like to yeah no no
Oh
for for my get in wrap his own I would
like a penny no I got nothing in excess
bagels are a bit big
yeah okay you get yours away again so
you do pretty much telling yourself that
I mean I think I'll be okay you want
coffee
how's your tasty bagel Oh what you went
to the bagel bar and you didn't get a
bagel
you got a wrap from the bagel bar I went
to the bagel bar I got a penny no
opinioni as its referred to in these
here parts of we referred as a penny
know something
how attack them that's it down there and
there's our local chef as well
girls kind of pointed out guys because
he had me back to change and it would be
34 behind me 24 and I was like don't
think they dragged me over that counter
that I didn't I was like oh I don't know
you know when you just notice the wrong
colors a flash to of my eyes and I
thought if I walk away from here how
will they believe how will they believe
a man like me and John I was really
funny that guy who served us while
sitting beside us yeah I actually go
back and watch it in the background blur
that when I was like here go like I
never had to be called in my life in the
back end right there blur there was him
and his friend having lunch
what's that so funny and then he's
represented a crazy times
crazy times in man point did you have a
crazy time in mind point ice my G is my
Z I hate what oh yeah hmm because eating
something something tingles stinky
singles in no they don't understand in
wanted it is for ages because different
I am the ledger Center Jim plays here so
we're just going to check it out and see
if it's any good
so I really like that was really cool
like it's got a pool if dr. Cruz's
inside outside upstairs Dan says he's
got all the equipment and stuff that we
need because ever since I don't know for
a little while now I've been feeling
just I know wouldn't said like I'm
feeling like obese or anything that but
I'm feeling just a little bit like unfit
or just a little bit like I thought if I
was just a little bit more toned you
know that is a little belly gut thing
going on I'm like oh so thinking
wouldn't it be fun to kind of if I
actually like documented it so we're
going to join the gym tomorrow and both
of us teams team wipey wipey husband
team it's a Coney Joey way away but I
was thinking what I could do in the I
job is challenge you guys think it's a
good idea leave me some comments right I
can take some pictures
topless like that latest am what my body
is now and stuff like that and then what
I'll do is like will work every like
over the next few weeks and working
across Christmas and then watch my
progress and you guys if you guys have
like a personal goal that you want to do
is like working out the weight and so we
could all do it together and I think I
could put it on my I joke this channel
instead of doing it here so then your
buddy over here to get lost in between
the vlogs this was like ever put it on I
drove it and they'll just be like
two-minute videos you know kind of
rocking these videos about the sort of I
am see I'm not going to class this
really is weight loss because it's more
toning up in a sense rather than actual
weight loss you know because there's no
diet above the neck someone even I could
appear I got the hot wife you know and
now I have my iPhone channel like what a
little one of my smoothie oh it's got a
copy in like
redonkulous so anyway if you think
that's a good idea leave me a comment
below and we will do this together if
you don't think it's a good idea I'm
probably still gonna go ahead and do it
because I think it's a good idea that's
how I roll
