so this probably looks really weird to
guys but I don't think I've ever
recorded myself doing this on the blog
before it but um right now what I'm
doing is cleaning my brushes and this
isn't just cleaning your brushes guys
this is like deep cleaning your brushes
so basically these are all the brushes
that I brought with me to Italy and they
need to be cleaned I haven't used them
since I got back here because I used
them for like a week without washing
them obviously when I was in Italy
except for like the odd you know like I
clean them on a baby wipe or something
after and using but they needed five you
need to be deep cleaned because they
were so close and I have like another
I'm kind of lucky enough to have like
three different sets now so I don't have
to clean them as often cuz well if like
a set gets dirty I'll just start using
another but it was like these were
sitting in their cases for ages and like
not being used but we're just like
basically disgusting they really needed
to be watched and I was just being lazy
about it but now I've actually done it
so well I have not yet finished yet but
um so what I'm doing is using olive oil
to break up the color and then shampoo
baby shampoo and conditioner so notice
what I'm doing it looks really really
weird Potenza what kind of looks like I
don't know very random like one of my
friends who's like not into makeup or
anything at all she was over at our
house before and um she was like why is
there olive oil in your bathroom it's
like she didn't understand I was like oh
my brushes but um yeah so and then I'll
be emceeing our outside I don't know
what they're doing actually they're at
the back
and that's why Jonathan is playing I
haven't even like made the better
anything yet I'm like really
disorganized today but I decided to
clean my brushes because that's kind of
important so clean your brushes guides
if you have them if you put on makeup
then you have to clean your brushes more
often than me because as you can see
I'm supposed to do this like once a week
but like I said because of all the
different sets that I have I like don't
do it as often as I should so yeah you
can watch I have a video on this I've
shown my style diet channel if you want
to watch it's just called like how to
clean your makeup brushes because I'm
not gonna obviously do it tutorial here
but that's basically what I'm doing
right now I just wanted to show you okay
so Alvin seen I just came back from the
little adventures egg site and they did
pupus and peepees did you did you did
Surrey good use okay now let me show you
guys what they're gonna do
oh my god sorry that was totally stupid
and unnecessary I'm still getting used
to this whole system here
I keep sometimes I'll like open the
fridge and I'll be like where's the
fridge so anyways I wanted to show you
guys what their tricks are because
they're very clever doggies so I'm gonna
have to set you guys down somewhere oh
but then you won't be able to see okay
what have you do it like one-on-one okay
lie down lie down no that's wrong lie
down lie down lie down lie down lie down
lie down lie down lie down lie down go
boy might have seen us lie down nope
lie down lay down lay on no lie down lie
down lie down good girl that took a
while that doesn't usually take that one
okay so what's gonna frickin have fun
with it that I gave them one the chicken
okay now what are you gonna do now let's
see let's see
dance good girl
yes yes yes good girl suna seen us
better at dancing gentle me dance dance
good boy yes doo doo doo doo doo boy
okay and
final one which is shake hand but I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to do
that cuz let's see shake and shake and
again say can okay
pleased to meet you see I can't do it
good dogs good guy okay
so it's Friday anyway so the heating is
supposed to be on yesterday but it's not
huh you have a spot forgot forget you
all right so this what I do every day
take you this right do this thing boom
wait for it no Liam red means no Liam
guys so I figure that maybe they turned
it on from like the network ends but no
one ever came out here to turn pull the
lever I'm gonna go and pull the lever
and see what happens because maybe the
cats will just turn on if I actually
just pull the neighbor used olive oil
taste a music you like like the most
depressing day me write that stupid
songs by old man and they're really like
old dog thing what is this
oh yeah you create make this intro I'll
be like oh yeah but every artist when
you're being creative and creating
something spying criticism or it's weird
you and you're like you know
reorganizing your office this is the
only two CD I have it's the audience
video I have since I keep changing my
computers but that's my creative CDs
undercurrent hey let's go let's go let's
go stay here guys
alright I see this every day always
getting this thing sent to us but and we
never read it today and there's just a
mountain of these piling up all the time
like cart news it's date night date
night going on a date night date not
going day date we're going on a date
night and light update just they toast
this maqam osseous we're gonna go to a
fancy pantsy arrest for Ron K that's not
really a fancy pantsy but if you
remember a couple of days ago we're in
super Bali when I said I know dealio
dealio
so it's an authentic Italian restaurant
they they're famous for the tasty pastas
and you guys remember in Naples I got
that yam no dobra in the dough Bella the
devil in Italian Guevara anyway they
have the Deauville I hear so let's go
try that bad boy out shall we
gosh darn it we're taking all the spots
ease
it is a little drizzly I don't like the
drizzles it's not really raining it's
just attending parade and it's just it's
thinking about running but not really
raining it's great grain brain training
it's raining that's what you call it
guys it's raining when it's only fake
raining it's raining tonight man keep
the frame off here who's the frame
oh my god they tried to ruin date night
he actually tried to run date night Nina
I didn't try to they tried to ruin date
night guys I'm so upset they said to us
I'm sorry we're fucked up for the
evening I said I'm a vlogger yo it was
like I'm sorry
thumbs down I was like No
so there's nothing else around here so I
don't want to go that far into town but
I think there's like a Pizza Hut in
little island and I've mean - Pizza Hut
in ages so Pizza Hut a Pizza Hut
Kentucky Fried Chicken
there's the KFC and the Pizza Hut and I
know but the point is Kentucky Fried
Chicken underhood McDonald's there's no
McDonald's and McDonald's here we can go
to McDonald's McDonald's egg Kentucky
Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut that would
be do some date magic that's disgust
okay we didn't do anything did you get a
little good is everything okay okay okay
good news bad news situation
predominantly bad news good news is
we're here
bad news is Pizza Hut got sold there's
now a coffee shop which is closed so
that's the bad news
but we're now in math and point because
warming to the car parks fancy footwork
trying to get as close as I could by
going through all the parking spaces you
should have run a cofre for it now
regular table folks this is one where
normally at Table eight she put it at a
different table but I was like it's a
one key table bus it's one of those you
know those two seniors sandwich between
everyone else and I was like I was like
you know what I mean when all these
tables are free over here I was like
come on I need my space no it's a blog
here the people would be sad if I did
not put the end
Rai last time I think we ordered way too
much with the wing flapper so this time
I'm thinking I might not like a happy
chicken with some fries like a half
chicken seems like a lot a little bit
like eating a half of an animal side you
go all that with my indulgence to get
myself some
bottomless box inlets it has no bottom
there's no botanist
okay
that was only superfast oh my god I just
like sat down shit I've already
delivered my food no in my 31 years of
life I have never ever eaten corn on the
cob ever ever that's why I got it today
you excited is it good that's why I
gotta say like I've never actually had
corn on the cob I know you're gonna
think like are you insane I want you to
lived your life whatever you need one on
the cup I don't know it was never I
never tried it so I'm ready my dried
corn that was a tasty feast was that a
tasty face stuck I had most of it anyway
it's good for my first time for them you
guys have had my first time when you
guys a couple times
there's peanut butter yes of my first
time I've been skiing up whatever that's
all my first time having
our first time having corn on the cob
funny things a lot more first but I have
done so much better life
Lula my first time ordering in Italian
in Italian my first time getting married
guys my first thoughts and my second
table
my second dog on my third down first on
my proposal you can chew so much better
so rarely just in sort of a rush
upstairs right now
now hi I'm here for apology
Murphy you don't happen hello a team
video no nobody does high quality Paula
Deen no one anyone for Apollo 18
who's your plan
hmm
who's your man who's your plan mr. plan
there's nice people
the journalist Menezes nice wallet
saga nice one hold on I gotta get funded
gotta get funded oh my god is that a
service
seriously I'm not messing what is
actually at a service
this year oh and then the end up here
but I'm worried that's where that my
because yeah I know but either way like
I need
such as far as like oh just go sneak a
machine there but the ATM is no Liam oh
nasty middle middle no no okay and go
okay opposite missing your Musa new in
the shadow oh he did a flip don't break
me don't go last one gets there we have
not been in Haskell Haskell mountain
pines in so long it's just the old
stomping ground guys haha we are here
now and it is crowded it's crowded place
today
whoo now hmm will we get the Snickers
the jammy Joey's chocolate cakes lemon
cake toffee mini muffins chocolate many
orphans I mean Vegas or the broccoli or
the head across the Great Lakes
trustee Blum work mm-hmm I think we'll
have to get the head of broccoli I think
that's probably the best thing together
oh that's the DVD I've always wanted
Rory
the road racer hmm so we'll watch this
and we'll eat the head of broccoli have
a fun date night it just seems like
there is no break between Christmas and
Christmas it just seems that way guys
cuz no Christmas cake Christmas pudding
kristef baked was Christmas pudding
Christmas panettone
Christmas Christmas Christmas hello
Christmas
hi but then again I kind of do like
Christmas pudding and it is only three
years I don't know but I go to Christmas
al mm-hmm okay just just come on give us
a break
you've got like Halloween right which is
like a month away so let's enjoy
Halloween then you've got an America
time we've got that Thanksgiving which
we we usually have a dinner and stuff
mama Schneider says anyway and then
after that there's like the quick one
home to Christmas time so that's what I
feel like that's Christmas I feel like
every year just seems to be getting
sooner and sooner which is really cruel
for the children who just got like this
feeling
