good morrow guys today a new map pack is
released for Call of Duty which I'm
pretty excited about oh yeah because
actually free because I bought the
prestige thing which was you know the
little car thing and then I got all the
zombie mac free so now I think it's all
I got the old ones I'm free 860 euros
but and now I get in the moon and free
so I'll come in this morning I'm like oh
yeah I'm just gonna turn on the old
plasticine there now get the old map
next what's that what's that okay wait a
second wait a second that's the yellow
thing well it's my no wait this isn't
the first time it happened this is my
first oh yeah well it is that way this
is the second this is this is the turd
PlayStation the turd PlayStation that
has done this on me oh my god
I am freaking mental right now okay so
this time when I got this one replaced I
actually bought insurance because I said
to myself you little now you're
not pulling this again and on the day
when more lifts
I just logged on right even you guys
were on to PSN your friends me you would
have seen that I came on this morning
and then I went on to black ops and I
quickly downloaded 4.1 or whatever the
hell the thing was you know and then it
just a nightmares I wake up in the
middle of night is that sound oh my god
I am this close getting an Xbox because
three Playstations oh my god
that is insane like four super expensive
they are this is insane you know so I'm
gonna head to game but so annoying is
like I know got insurance I know they're
just gonna give me a new one but it's
not only that it's like I down like oh
how much have I even downloading that
thing like I'd so much downloaded on
that thing like I think I've got like
seven zombie map packs which each one of
them is like a gig and a half so that's
pretty much all day long I'm going to be
downloading stupid map packs and then
all the updates from all the other games
oh my god
I'm so upset three Playstations oh my
god this is crazy
Oh shall we under I was opening up the
video now what you're getting it back to
normal
cousin quarter past one I'm slowly
getting a back to like to 12 to 2
because each day I was dinner two eras
earlier to sort of bring it back to its
normal sort of time but let's go let's
go burn down game I think we'll pop into
the popo box first before we head down
and fight the fight
fight the good fight I mean it'll be a
good fight because my last experience
with game in man point was pretty darn
good and he the guys are probably no
moons at today and I'll be like I want
you to look at the moon but I swear on
God I wish examiner I want to look at
the moon but I cannot look at the moon
never down on everything rolling drop
are you pretty sad about that no no you
love it you're like white Dixon what are
doing then I will get my nail polishes
the guys from Beauty matters not ie
assembly some butter LONDON nail
polishes so I'm really looking forward
to getting them apparently they're in my
PO Box right now that'll give us
I've never tried butter LONDON before
but it's like a reading like butter and
I feel worried of this well that was it
more it's different I feel worried of
discoloration I want to don't make
change for once my little feel real good
difference what the heck what the heck
oles tr√°fico on a Thursday this is
redonkulous this is redonkulous
what kind of funky this is this with
it's like the door like go guys this is
dangerous area do you ever do that when
you're like an area when you feel unsafe
you're just like crunk I have one night
during Naples when we got into the train
in Naples and Tonino is like oh it's
okay shoot
in the car like yeah we're getting close
to the time that agency need to respond
to us I think they got that letter on
Monday which means they have to respond
by Friday I'm not quite sure I think
it's like five days from the day but
here's the thing guys I I don't really
mind what I thought I really mind I hope
we win it and we get out of posit back
but if we don't get that A+ by the way I
feel is that I will fight it all the way
to the end I will go to court I will do
everything I can and if t in the end we
end up losing I would rather lose and
walk away and have nothing rather than
giving up I'm walking away and having
nothing because I do you think that you
always should fight it you know if
somebody tries to do you wrong and you
guys should check out like if you have
any ever have a problem with someone you
should check out trash holes in Ireland
or whatever it is similar is in your
country I can always fight for your
rights first of all we got this really
cute bunny
Oh avi Encino what about Jessica I think
Jessica from England either her cute
bunnies what are their names
their names are Bella and toffee and
they're so cute so this is going to go
on their subscriber wall when we get
done organized and then we also got from
threshold this is a copy of the letter
threshold the copy of the letter that
was sent to choices about the return of
our deposit and that basically states
that they need to return our deposit in
five working days or just five days
support
otherwise we're going to get support but
with the PR TV or whatever yeah
so that's really good because that means
that you know we kind of got the ball
rolling
and that they should return our deposit
to us they also stated about the fact
that like we have video evidence to
suggest that they're telling lies
between Corky's porcupines suet oh my
god like an opening of a card but if
it's like hate mail we have never
received hate mail ever written a letter
to us trying to turn everything dropped
hold on with love on your wedding day
this is from Kathie Williams and she
lives in quick thanks Kerry
Kathie coffee happy holding a cup of
cake at a she says that she loved the
engagement report or the proposal video
thank you and that we brighten her day
and she finds us very entertaining
I let the writers of the show know you
really enjoy that they said they're
working on some pretty good script ideas
for the Saucony Jolie's this season so I
hope you guys stay tuned for that
so let's see if we can start this
problem at in time enough time to get
home and download the moon there's the
public Tim markets on ah she's finishing
these in a market and Aegis
they go for our bagels I will think
about that I will seem really really
hard we'll see how this works out with
the PlayStation cuz I'll either be in a
good mood or a very bad mood so it's
getting sorted poor little guy getting a
slim one instead this time so hopefully
there'll be no more problems let you
decide that it's working the problem
solvers kiss of war that's you everyone
things out it looks like ya going to get
one probably this is Joe yeah are you
thank you it's are not angry we're
playing gonna get him in yes
forget my two backup or ally would like
to look now we're gonna get some photos
while getting the photos we're gonna
have some num noms
okay don't break anomaly with her the
cinema has spent a whole day in my hand
point add a house in McAvoy in the mall
it's picture day in the mall and nobody
had those little go car things you could
drive around you know for lazy people
America or like what are those things
what are those things that people you
notice you always see them on it and
they're like driving and rode on them
okay no not like that think that would
be kind of cool though
I just go through life how my how much
how much to rent this for a couple hours
let's pencil it is needs correction
sharpen this one now begins the
treacherous updating of everything there
she is it's kind of cool isn't it look
I'm massive it isn't it kind of Awesome
okay thin it is as well it's like tiny
teeny tiny but it's kind of cool
actually like it it's all mine but the
downloading of everything in the world
ever is not so awesome
we a boy can you make it make noises
I'll be squeezed it okay these guys now
we're installing some sort of an update
or some sort of a thing then I need to
go and get this bad boy and stick it in
and then it's probably going to need to
update that a million zillion times then
install that then download the map packs
one at a time I think there's eight my
packs plus the soundtrack and the team
and all that kind of crap stop stop for
Apple then update all of them then
hopefully sometime in the next 20 years
I won't actually get to play
speaking of sometime in the next 20
years a few people left me facebook
pictures and tweeted me that they have
received their teachers in the United
States of America well that's just
awesome that didn't take long at all
well done to you sir and ma'am oh and
we're back we have what what's going on
I'm pretty station store okay oh but
we're back folks
oh my goodness I actually could not
remember the actual name of my password
which was totally annoying but I
remembered it now wait a second I think
it's my order I can't I have this Call
of Duty stuff in it
I'm not really sure much loves 2012 use
uses matpat bundle I think it's just
your hair is it text chat what the hell
is that
wait a second this isn't right this
isn't right I think I need my other
account okay
I've one accounted for buying games and
when I can for playing games found it
and that's when you go across some 3014
free oh nice I will take the free one
please download purchase cap oh here we
go downloading the Moon while working oh
I love to say I don't say 14 minutes
nice here we go we're heading to the
moon bags packed all ready to go got my
coffee
got my Kit Kats got my peanuts while I'm
waiting here I was actually just reading
all the comments in my phone okay so
people keep coming up a substance this
is a digi box okay this is what I use to
create most of the music you need Pro
Tools Pro Tools is quite expensive and
in order to stop people pirating their
software also in order to allow you to
plug instruments pianos guitars
everything into it there you have to buy
the actual hardware to go with it so
this is Pro Tools le seven that I bought
when I was in university so I got a
little bit dis candidate because I was
in University at the time for them this
this is pretty much where I use Pro
Tools and I used to Digidesign em box
this is an EM box you can get all sorts
of different ones the M box is probably
I bought the mbox because I would
consider myself more of a digital
creator but you can get a much bigger
boxes but like multiple multiple but
I've only ever had pianos and guitars
plugged into this and obviously the
one-to-one mic port as well so this is
this is basically what I use Pro Tools
with the digi box and you can get lots
of em licensed music tracks like if you
want samples of different chords or the
instruments so better you can buy them
license them so you can actually you
know use them basically is the other
thing was I put the intro in at the end
of the video because those we were
saying about the outro and I was like
well I don't want to create a whole new
outro thing because I don't think it so
I'll just put the intro in so videos
don't just like ends they actually end
with the song again and I really like
the song now I just like it so yeah that
clears up today's questions now like to
read in the comments while I wait come
on I want to play oh yeah to the moon to
the moon we go I'm taking you guys with
me let's go let's go to the moon waiting
gameplay this is the best moment is the
best moment of all the map acts that
first moment when you arrive
Oh oh my God look the point is
right here what this is awesome Oh 59
seconds in the first one oh my god
I suppose what you might have to
actually run to the teleporter or
something whoa whoa we're in the moon
now oh my God look we're little suits
were in suits I can see it's all fuzzy
hope the zombies aren't gonna come from
them - oh god I'm dead
what the hell well that was fun now I'm
just gonna quickly download on the the
old map packs five minutes left
because fortunate the new ps3 I have to
redownload everything so yeah put them
over that's where our beauties over
there step but I got three nail polishes
and these are my first ever butter
LONDON polishes and butter butter LONDON
is supposed to be really really good
it's kind of expensive which one do I
have known anything by them before but
Beauty matters so they send me some to
review so I got this is what I got this
is what is this called
Oh saucy Jack so it's kind of like a
dark like autumn red and then this one
is pink ribbon I think yeah yeah pink
ribbon this is actually my favorite kind
of polished wear
it's just a light French pink and then
this is the hardware quick top coat so
it's a quick dry top coat so I'm really
looking forward to clean that those on I
think I'm gonna actually do it now
because I don't like this is kind of
chipping at the moment which is kind of
bad actually because oh my god there's
more they look kind of cute should I let
Morley into play do you see him he's
there do you think I should let him into
play oh yeah I think I will actually it
was like waiting for somebody though hey
Miami look Marnie where's my where's
Marlene he's coming
hey Miley alright I'll let them in
because the dogs haven't had a walk or
anything in a while hey buddy
well actually I think they will get one
today hopefully but um josh is playing
all day so honey but they love each
other I'll be or Marley and Cena but
it's just Alvey gets kind of territorial
but it's okay sorry you didn't do
anything wrong
I'm gonna go mark your territory now
good boy do pee pees what are you guys
doing are you guys doing yes yes I think
everybody just got a little excited
there but um hopefully they can all just
get along because
I would review like that and it would be
good for them as well because they
haven't gotten a walk in a while because
there's no real like this is the problem
that we're having is that we used to
live beside a wall and it was really
perfect because you didn't even have to
get in a car to go there it was just
like right next to us I'll be in and net
and we were spoiled like really but now
we don't live near any walk and you have
to basically drive everywhere so that
kind of sucks and that's why the only
walk see I actually feel like it's an
insult to Albion see not to walk more in
the estate because it's like so small
and it's like not a real walk like dogs
shouldn't like they should have like a
proper walk like what they used to have
and like the last time we went to Castle
Martyr reached right there like we don't
live that near there at all so it was
kind of a drive and it's just annoying
having to get into a car and drive to go
take them for a walk
and as I were kind of like explore the
areas and try and find out like what's
the best place like where can we bring
them with it having strides we've tried
loads places for like it's just not
really hot I don't know we're just in
kind of an awkward location so I don't
want to go too daddy
maybe he wants to go too dad my solves a
problem in in but um yeah so that kind
of sucks
and then they haven't had a walk in like
the last two days because yesterday it
was raining and then the day before I
can't remember but anyways there was
some reason why they didn't have a walk
and then like all their walks are like
ran the estate which is kind of crap so
yeah
you're just playing okay you could have
playtime for a little bit beside Marty
has to go home okay
you guys ready for some look we made
here all roast potatoes mmm chicken
without some stuffing there's some
onions and a sort of a garlic he's
saucing oh yeah oh yeah that's how I
roll guys
it's how I roll EO properly Oh monie Oh
Giulio is that you yeah yeah
