well hello there and welcome to the
video you've made a great decision by
choosing to click on this video and I
appreciate so good morning and welcome
to the secure and release
I am on a bit of a challenge mission so
I was going to go as well I am going out
to buy the kids new bikes but in doing
so NatWest got in touch probe room hello
Oh a challenge you say so I have been
challenged today friends because NatWest
are telling me that I can go out by the
bikes went out my wallet I said how I
said what how don't you know about our
mobile app your mobile app I say what I
do know about your mobile app but how
how can I use an app to buy bicycles you
see the necklace mobile app make banking
undergo very easy convenient and quick
and get cash which allows me you or me
depends which one I am in the scenario
to get a code from the app go to an ATM
machine and withdraw up to 130 pounds
twice daily with H your wallet without
your ATM card this is the future box so
let me demonstrate you go to the NatWest
app okay don't be reading me stuff you
go to the NatWest app okay and you
navigate to the get cash section okay
and then I'm gonna say here get me some
cash and then get the code this is Li
the closure we click this button here
and it's going to give me a code man
nearby High Street right I'm going to go
to the high street now I'm going to put
that code into the ATM machine money is
going to come out alright
okay
that worked what what oh my look what it
says in the receipt emergency cash
withdrawal 130 pounds should know about
this if you have a NatWest account let's
get the app get the cash
unfortunately I think the cash comes out
of your account it doesn't just
magically appear which would be better
not left magic money could be a new tab
magic money but for a moment
get cash guys alright let's go get the
kids
I almost died when I was younger younger
than I am now loved it when we stop
alright we are here and we've got all of
this cashy's I know the cash I don't
know you should hold it Wow is this a
French guy I can't go with it can you
how much have we got media 7 we have 130
pounds and that is our allocated amount
are you guys ready to go in and get some
bikes
I wanna see that back for Less your Oh
okay
alright you tell me if you see any ones
that you really like and but then we
also have to make sure it fits the
budget okay or though we only have 130
oh we have to buy to buy these bikes hey
oh please man ooh ooh what that would
mean that as water doesn't get one over
this way guys what come this way come
this way alright let's see we got here
we got a fire chief one we got an Apollo
Ironman movement I think this one
actually works of art oh I love the Moon
Man one and it's got a little thing in
the back or just one minute let's see
with Eduardo first now why are three to
five it water look at this one this one
this one has a monster on it you want a
monster one or do you want the moon man
one the moon relative a look see this is
20% off though why the me I think it
does
Oh Disney one yeah hold on hold on hold
on okay this might work it might work
blue thing you a little bonus tip figure
out guys
what's 95 plus 40 95 240 that's 135 okay
this might work I think we're about five
pounds Moscow why I try to see the work
Wow look at you oh my goodness women
even eyeglass day yeah it's so good
are you going
let's go spend on them everything you
are yeah you're about right for your age
Eduardo Eduardo come stand here create
identity saying well you're 5 so it's
like anywhere in between here which is
you three to five and then I'm going to
be women all right five you could be up
here and then here I think that is like
an eight year old or something even
wanna call it an eight year old well
thankfully very very very small Oh
was your grandmother grandma's get
really small I'll ask you might be
radical sign it's a sign down here just
I'm here I'm here
let's see what your eyes okay oh yeah
yeah you're in a tree I clean you see
mommy and daddy are quite small so you
guys would always be below the line
there's not enough room for everyone is
you just for one person what change me
yeah it's a big one well that was still
for one but you guys are really small
when I used to drag you along what
what's she fine care about why they made
it work
so maybe it is a TC doing I thought it
was maybe a one-seater one what it was
small this looks to Marquis in there
yes Martin no sticks or something okay
success one display model fight I'm more
an actual brand new bite that I have to
build but it worked out well getting
really like save us a fortune and that
way actually work at in budget and get a
friends we did it guys
Eduardo are you excited for you to do
bike I'm inside your gym step double my
bike and unfortunate that he has the
Builder bike but we did it guys we did
it
everybody punch it boom punch it boom
alright we're home we've got the bikes
laid up here Eduardo went for a frozen
and then Elsa and Olaf bike and Amelia
went for another one obviously it's the
next day we were too excited when we got
home so we never actually got to fill
the bikes but we're going to be able now
well thank you so much to NatWest for
letting us try out to get cash app it
was amazing Mike I just I'm still not
over the idea when I was at the ATM
machine and I went off to get cash out
using the code that was generated from
the app the guy behind me was like what
are you doing because I just walked up
with no card or anything do you know how
many times in the past I believe you
said technology amazing amazing guys
check it out if you have an account with
NatWest or you Johnny sure we switch
again what if you have an account
announcer download the app and check out
to get cash app it's amazing isn't it
amazing guys you don't even know you
don't even know all right shall we build
some bikes wow that's one amazing and
this one this is how we actually managed
to get in budget by the way because we
actually bought a display in display
model it's a little dinner to the other
kind of dirty and stuff but okay two
came in budget and then immediate one
unfortunately have the bills and it says
the princess one amazing guys
why she so excited right let's get out
of here
goodbye friends thanks for watching the
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow
will we see it well
Miran we're going to do another video
today Oh parks may be area hey I'll be
telling them stories residue tomorrow
you
