so I just woke up and I'm kind of little
earlier because Jonathan and I have been
going to bed super late like usually
like the latest hook I was like - lately
we've been going at like three or four
it's really bad it's not like I hate it
because I'm not really like an evening
or a nighttime person I'm more of a
morning person so I would prefer having
more day time rather than nighttime and
especially because it's getting darker
and like I just really don't like it so
it's half past eleven right now and I
just left it done out to do their
peepees and um oh my god it's like
pretty wet and then windy outside but
hopefully it'll be a nice day where you
could do something well when did you see
our fridge this is what happens now when
you open it - do like - goes okay it
looks very empty cuz aren't enough to
throw out most of the stuff but um it
also looks very clean have some water
actually and oh my god when we're having
like um food last layer oh I had a glass
of water
and Jonathan like brought me yeah he
brought me a glass of water but he is
very nice see I bring him coffee in the
morning in bed I make the coffee's and
then like he's kind of on water duty so
anyways I had a glass of water last
night and I was like holy moly how did
you get this so cold it's like it was
super cold it was so nice like it was so
refreshing I don't really like water in
general but when it's really cool it's
better obviously and it was the fridge
my fridge was so broken that legs it
hadn't been refrigerated at his property
at all and we were us why are all our
food before
me feeling like stuff that wasn't me
being refrigerated it was just getting
like how are you getting warmer in there
it was really bad so when did you guys
have the same problem it's probably to
do with your freezer or maybe you have
this problem with the door is not
fitting properly which is the most
ridiculous problem ever so yeah oh and I
got new yogurt to show you guys and I
don't like it I'm really upset about it
because my god Jonathan threw out my
strawberries and they're brand new what
the hell I can't believe you did that
and you tell me can't even say anything
to him now because it's fast it's meat
that is so oh my god I literally bought
strawberries like yesterday or the day
before yesterday and he he told me that
he was throwing everything out
why didn't he he drew out my
strawberries what moldy the hell I
really mean Simon
company we did that seriously they were
like really good ones as well they're
outside no you can't take that bin and
eat them drive in you threw out my
strawberries they really good day old
there weren't moldy there was two things
of strawberries in there
one was like gone off and then the other
wasn't that one was brand new
so what am I gonna have for breakfast
now I can't believe any tell me where in
testicle yesterday yeah I know but I
didn't know that you choked at my
strawberries that I bought that day the
tomatoes are in there they weren't how
were they black they were bought four
day before then well you didn't tell me
yes when we were in Tesco and then I
didn't buy any now I have no breakfast
you're a horrible person you are you're
actually a really evil person you do
that on purpose you did that on purpose
because you didn't want me to have nice
breakfast I know you
because it's true
if you're just an evil evil person
oh holy it stinks you know where your
feet are it stinks can't believe you did
that
I'm really upset tell them what you did
my strawberries and you didn't tell me
when I was in Tesco cuz you wanted me to
have a horrible morning time was your
evil person he's an evil person you have
my straw I'm not gonna finish that first
long as hurt together but you'll
probably only be a year judging by this
video I cena sucks they were so good
these peepees and everything pleased to
meet you nice to meet you
shake and shake him good girl
guys come to my attention and then my
hair it only can see that I have become
hairy become very hairy
I haven't actually shaved since the
actual wedding well a few days before
the wedding I think I'm little trim so
he was trying to you know get to the
bottom of this control the situation
before it gets out of control you see he
needs a little trim Musil a little
Clementi Trofeo
what did you say I've reached a small
problem as you can tell I don't think
that's quick enough
I think that's quick enough so where is
the charger for this team I have
absolutely no idea oh I'm not good with
ended up wish there started but see if I
can find a charger somewhere oh where oh
where is shadow
I think he's got my charger I'm gonna
try this one out see this look like you
know what do you guys think huh you guys
when we she watches who is she why she's
who she wants she's I hear that you jump
into the shower now okay so I don't
think you should jump into the shower
now hook it up nicely cooking up a storm
I tell ya okay guys I'm about to take my
close-up I was reading the comments from
yesterday's vlog jeez and I felt like a
million year old man I can never have
children that's what I felt like I felt
like I should I can start writing up my
will and testament oh well like you know
wasn't wanna have children after your
30s I'm 31 I am young backers and Ana's
are like you you want to like you want
to start calming down you know when I
say keep saying goodbye to everybody
yeah I know you know I know he was like
oh it's different form and if we were I
don't know like my dad was 30 when he
had me which man he was 34 when he had
my little sister Leah you know and like
I don't know I get I get like you know
oh I'm so sad about Ana's hours of the
you were you should've known better so I
might not like yours like I know like
don't be so stupid like what experience
do you have in terms of like being old
as I was like
I think she is a lot of experience okay
nothing will sing do the research you
know she's on my mind I was on my mind
Joe cuz I just feel alike
I don't think I don't feel that much
pride don't feel pressure I know who was
there that's because you're a boy and
stuff was like I don't feel like my
sisters had a child she's 33 I got a
that's fine like I think definitely what
I was saying about like you know
financially secure you know stuff like
one of my 30s I I definitely feel that I
make I make the decisions that I make
now are probably a lot better you know
10 decisions I might have made five
years ago you know five years ago I
would have said I'm gonna need the
entire box of doughnuts where now I'm
like I'm gonna have two doughnuts today
therefore I will have another half
tomorrow yeah I definitely feel like I
don't know I don't feel I don't feel at
all like you know this there's an eight
year difference between us but I don't I
don't feel the egg here is that all like
you know but then you know I don't know
I think everyone everyone's different I
think it's a case for everybody to have
a difference you know I mean what age
group or when there's some we're not
like but I definitely don't feel oh you
know but just felt like those comments I
felt like oh my god oh my god so if you
are over the age that people have
comments yesterday saying that you're
way too old to have children you should
go prove them wrong you should going
going to have yourself a baby if you
want to have a baby
whatever age you want to have a baby
because do you know what that's your
business that's not my business my
business in my business and you know
what there's no business like show
business okay
he's not allowing us to go to
like it's so we shall go on Friday no we
did place that domain name yes yeah
Wednesday next week Anna oh you know
that next week we'll be in Dublin we'll
be in Dublin EW
we've got a couple of things to do next
week a Dublin so matter to be there for
a couple of days use baby shampoo baby
shampoo our baby
nothing for a more hairy one though
I'll bet someone who did like that from
before they go to bed in Tibet for
bedtime watch this in the same store
where they have the Lucky Charms shop
since I have loads of like American
brand finish what you start a challenge
on a very important processes just when
driving home one must indulge oneself
these bad boys well it's funny because
you know what I'm going to eat you guys
like these and what they are there's
like a little chocolate nuggets or
something with some sort of a saucy
thing but oh God I sit up loads of sugar
kids don't sniff to sugar
my name is high point of the kinder Pam
so I'm thinking of having a quick shave
hold on a second so today is possibly
the last day where they're heating are
we excited about that concept because
this is what I do right I take the lamp
and I stand under the lamps this is this
is the hot spot this is the hot spot
that I house there's a little kind of
radiated area just underneath the light
we call that the hot spot we take turns
take like ten minutes each in the
morning just add another hot spot well
yeah
hopefully tomorrow we will have heating
and we'll have a gas hob thing we need
to celebrate the fact that we might
actually be able to cook food tomorrow
what should we do to celebrate the fact
that we might actually this could be our
last day without the ability to cook
food
can we please Apollo 18 anyone anyone at
all
no nobody at all nobody at all Nina's
one other film no moon we're not going
to have moon from 2004 what's moon moon
you mean like Apollo 18 what's moon you
keep saying moon is walking at Moon Moon
Park contraption yes see you need the
rise that's not gonna telescope guys
sorry what's moon what's moon get out of
my way define the power of my wedding
ring so I can be people Oh Wow Wow no
this isn't even a telescope is the
software anyways click what are you
looking up what's moon I can't have
spoke whether the camera say whether it
say it said something about this time it
is get off that chair oh no Pocoyo can't
poco poco as stated just now on Twitter
and Facebook I am going to get some
McDonald's now you can either try to
stop me or you can encourage me either
way we're gonna have a nom nom time he's
ready nom noms I've been seeing excited
Wow up to get with you want usual I get
a two guard fries on it
regular fries and six chicken nuggets
hey thanks what did it you oh yeah I
think okay so what what no and
everything
