good morrow good morrow
oh it's tomorrow time Joe it in today
guys exciting times going to solve this
problem this icy cavernous so let me
stick this here gonna get me Shepard
Illinois oh yeah yeah Joe I did last
night guys I spent about 10 hours
watching every single episode of Game of
Thrones it is amazing oh my god I'm not
gonna ruin anything but the last what
what
here's incredible oh my god season 2 is
gonna be I was I like hi Ana
son of eduardo commanded Torre that's
like you know what I don't even know how
to love this thing
okay I'm going to get rid of all the ice
first and then we'll unplug it okay okay
son of cop would you join the Black
Knight they're black to watch writers I
swear for this knife this knife for
every night for the rest of my life to
part time buddies
oh my god such an awesome show guys I
don't know why what I was doing I watch
I'm actually in a way I'm glad I never
my god it's a huge spider I won't show
you because people get freaked out well
I sure uh but like in a way like I'm
glad I never watched it because I got to
watch 10 hours of it straight and it's
an actual proper our show which is
awesome it's not just like 42 minutes
all right hates shows that's a turd on
our put there 42 minutes long because of
silly adverts but it's with DVRs that
you just press pause or you just record
it and then you skip all the ads
well best thing ever and yeah so uh yeah
bachelor ever best everybody happy
they're only cycles it's over now and
like oh my god oh my god would you know
expectancy everything's back NCIS on
last night back spooks no no no that's
the best thing when September all the
shows are like what we got we got this
we got the office we got parts and
laughs we got 30 rock martyr double
Modern Family tonight I think oh my god
oh oh waiting for now is y'all know Joe
that is right all righty now man is
making a lot of noise now all of a
sudden yeah over here so I'm thinking
about boiling water and just sort of
melt off all the ice and get rid of all
the ice that may be a good start
that may be a good start to the
situation down we'll figure out Jonathan
emptied at the freezer in the fridge and
there was like mold all over the fridge
like the little doors or whatever what's
come of shelves because everything was
molding like it wasn't freezing our
stuffer refrigerating our stuff so all
our food was like going off like it was
terrible so I think a couple of you but
see it's really amazing having vlogs cuz
like people always tell you like give
you information and tell you what to do
and like usually they're right so a lot
of you guys said that it was probably
the freezer that was at fault and that
um somebody sent me a link to something
it was like an ass okay there's like a
QA thing or Yahoo Answers or whatever
you call that I don't when you
understand what it is but anyway it was
where somebody had explained the problem
and apparently it's a blockage that
comes from the freezer at our freezer
was all frozen over it these are a
freezer
than from the fridge but our freezer is
all fixed now I can't walk there because
it's wet and I almost killed myself
earlier so I'm not gonna do that but
basically it was like a blockage in the
freezer like everything had been kind of
frozen over we couldn't even it's the
fault of this stupid cupboard thing that
we fix Johnson fixed it like he unhinged
the doors
it wasn't closing properly so abuser
she's closing together see ya I was
always open to really stupid design when
I did yeah look that's our freezer news
so basically what had happened was the
door wasn't allowing us to pose the
freezer properly and the freezer would
get all like you know the way it gets
all blocked and then like all the ice
forms like all over the drawers you
couldn't even close it then and they
just thought worse and then that blocked
off whatever the fridge needed to work
so that's what happened I think and I
think we fixed it now but it's very
manly job and then while job I was doing
that I changed our bed sheets and I
changed them to blue wanna see looks
pretty hmm and our chicken eggs
Oh oh my god what are you doing Jonathan
you have to see this quick I just came
in and Alby was like this look don't
move don't move don't move seriously
what the hell I just came in and he was
like that well you always stand up
you're like a little circus freak and
she always does see that dance dance
since it's girl dance girl mm-hmm you
know circus freak anyways um so yeah I
never I usually have cream bedsheets but
then um we were kind of I was kind of
annoyed cuz like I can never dry
anything in time so and I didn't want
the bed to be left without any sheets
and I knew they wouldn't be dry by
tonight so I changed to blue and these
actually belong to my parents
these blue sheets and it kind of looks
like see usually I'm into the neutrals
and stuff but this is very like country
chic or something I don't know like it
was the pink and the blue it's very like
I don't know like country or something
it's kind of cute for this little
cottage so yeah so Jonathan is just
bailing out the fridge doing it free Kia
and then we have to go and I mean our
recycling it's tough because we always
have like tons of our cycles we have to
recycle all that and we also need to get
wedding pictures printed out 247 so I
really want to do the wedding photos I
know but I really wanted to do the
wedding photos today oh yeah I don't
know the address is no because I'm did
you order a t-shirt on the
limited-edition thingy when like we had
a couple leftover if you did your
teacher talked to see how being sent it
yet um just not my fault but Jonathan
how do you operate in this room like how
am i sposta oh here it is okay just go
garland no guys until we know
tell file sizes Excel whoa
oh that's everybody's addressing so I
can't show you that but I'm gonna do
that now sounds like there's some
violence creature in here
damages both of you huh
you bought services she had a little
stinky Kubo stinky booth oh yeah she got
some oh boy being violently abused so
y'all just needs a bit of an eyebrow
plucking first one he's got like an O
oh my god huge like what is wrong with
you big fun that's like a hair of their
head oh my god I can't stand your
confusion javi what are you doing what
are you doing I didn't think about the
town I didn't know no no
wasn't even attached to you anymore
kill man has a relationship with his
patient her
I don't want look at your wonder like
teeny-tiny I wasn't gonna make yours
like mine where I like I wouldn't mind a
fluffy ones okay I think saw the
pictures and I don't know we should do
this what are you doing do you
just it are you pushing my eyebrows look
I'm not gonna make obviously I'm not
gonna make you look like a girl
the way there's all these equipment
aching there why is that I'm not gonna
do it like how I do it for me obviously
I'm gonna do it for a man all right
no son no no what do they think guys
look like a girl now by the way oh I
thought I was finished
no no I don't like that tool that's this
thingy - that's the one I hurt I like to
brushing the first thing is my comment
okay all right I don't know matters
anymore
I'm not going to do anything so painful
no stop Jonathan I can't grab onto
anything cuz I'm scratching your eye
oh my god it's just like you're actually
do such a thing
okay oh wow thanks so much this one
feels bubbly though Susie guys okay
double double in my plug all the
bloggers just went off but of course
it's not published
narf I thought it was all fixed but
check this out guys right this is a new
baler company Broadway bagels did you
say extra free that's why I got them but
um can I notice as you've taken their
look pop it down pre-sliced what what
don't eat bagels like Nikon break life
personally goes like preemie gold / are
only two bagels from three bagel sliced
never take the top one guys and
therefore take the top one
eventually you probably end up getting
the top one but so a look always there's
a colder in here oh yeah
Oh Daphne feels colder yes
so let's see if we can get our photos
print toad you think we can I know it
says the closer than half six and it's
now about six o'clock so yeah as long as
the machine is an automatic system like
but if an Asha has to go away and print
it see the larger ones that are getting
printed I think that they might have a
problem because they actually have to go
to like the actual printing machine
thing but the normal size one should be
like you know you put the card in Togo
somebody to put them in the DCIM folder
I hate these separate process
let me again zebra crossings but I think
all zebra crossing should replace with
pedestrian traffic lights how people go
press the button and go once Jonathan
went through it as ever crossing it
seems a night time I couldn't see two
people and he went through it and there
was somebody like it wasn't like he
almost killed anybody the person was
like on the other side walk no clear and
uh Jonathan didn't see her or hit
whatever and he drove through where you
drove through like pretty slope like it
wasn't like I could have stopped if I
needed to I know this is a car like beep
that dot this pic already angry and I'm
like is it really your business though
like it's kind of between you and the
pedestrian like pedestrian was come out
or like waved their fists or something
but like this guy like was in the car on
the opposite side and came to that
childhood fits
she was like really angry out of it I
think it's because we live it this is
like more of a rural community that
wasn't here that was in Douglas oh yeah
yeah but um yeah it's happened like
another I just think I just think
example costing like I know it's like
you know as to drive you should be aware
and I am aware and I see people but at
nighttime Madonna that's the person's
wearing a big bass or something you
don't really see them walking up to it
like and you should really and I just
think they just replace him but you know
you press the button it takes about 15
seconds and the lights go orange red and
everyone's happy and everyone's safe I
just think that's better a better idea
so if you're part of the local council
plus in Italy they have zebra crossings
ever do them and they're not real like
nobody stops like it's so funny because
if you go there like as a tourist or a
local partner and you don't know this
you might accidentally kill yourself
whatever when I talk it but that is like
not done over there like you have to
wait and all the cars go past and you
basically have to wait just as if you're
waiting I don't normal like when there's
a normal road where there's nothing you
know like you're just waiting for like a
gap in the traffic so you can go like
they there's no points them at all
Pringle to come up with a new multigrain
classic Pringle and that cool it's like
healthy Pringles you want some healthy
fingers
sorry not I don't want it to be healthy
yeah this is true I really want these
these are my favorite thing in the world
they're so Oh God 8% they're so yummy
tonight can I break the rules today any
news you still love me when I'm a fat so
you don't seem convincing tonight sir
we're having chicken breast with
mozzarella
I'm pancetta now I have tender flame
seared chicken breast and a fruity stuff
your bra any butter sauce served melting
mozzarella Italian premier Sara and
roast potatoes result in a side dish of
carrot and sweet mash hmm France is that
all hand-picked from Tesco oh I think
Anna's having a working lunch because
she's a making her big she'll think
you're didn't do this to her someone
order a working lunch for the production
team styled a working dinner no yeah no
it came with double trouble and then we
had double trouble on top of that
handmade took me hours thank you I'm
gonna go watch some agency I asked Vince
yes is baptized season five hundred and
fifty seven billion episode one super
excited I've missed the nose oh hey
McGee Magoo McGee
when happen at the end of the last one I
don't know I think remembered a yam the
CIA guy got killed
oh but um he went out in a blaze of
glory so it's all good it's all good
also I'm uploading amnesia and it has
God said find this album ha I never
minutes left falling Rob
