skipperdee dude our skip buddy they I've
just made some more immediate it's on
the way as soon as YouTube fixes itself
it's still broken or snuff but yeah
rendering at now oh my god oh my god it
is super stereo this particular but like
I screamed like a little girl just after
I was saying everything's gonna be okay
fine and okay but oh my god game is like
mentally deliberating or della della
Bella Bella meeting debilitating thank
you to my assistant
yeah it's debilitating it's insane it's
like I don't want to play anymore I feel
like I'm being punished when I have like
I make some more like that a whole
morning like I even had today like I
paid the windows open and everything in
the bright room
those guys come out here freaky freaky
deaky company be cheap is still broken
though like oh my goodness like that's
like four days or three or four days now
so and I just put up video there on the
style of our channel to just test it and
no Liam situation guys which is like
totally crap so yeah so now I'm like oh
not too close what am I gonna do about
today's vlog so I didn't blow up
yesterday's vlog too like five or six
ish you know so I was even later now it
seems about six or so so it is four
o'clock right with 22 for now and there
is still no sign of a solution cuz what
I'm doing is I'm just gonna to youtube
my am my sub box and I'm seeing if
anybody else is putting videos up now
machinima for some reason I'm putting
videos up and they seem to be coming up
myself box but nobody else's unless
nobody else is putting them up but
Anna's one didn't come up my sub box so
I don't know it's kind of annoying
though you know because but again it's
people like Facebook me or Twitter me or
something like it's no vlog today I'm
like okay so hopefully hopefully I'm
trying I'm gonna wait at it again today
maybe in there are two or two hours or
so and see if YouTube tell me that
it's fixed because there will be an
awesome situation to be and but right
now it's not fixed it's not an awesome
situation to be in
and my voice is gone talking like this
now so I haven't got the pins yet but I
do have these little nails so just for
the moment I'm gonna stick because this
is where we want which is like so
cutting in between castle markers like
there we go first oh okay I need to get
it cut if you go in even see that button
just so I know there we go
one done there has to the cut you to go
but there we go so I just found a video
which well if you were here you could
probably tell because this place smells
of products and stuff like that because
I did a hair tutorial on how I style my
hair kind of like after I wash it and
everything like an everyday kind of hair
tutorial thingy to get off his bum
Johnson Jonathan well we need to get
food there's no food in the frame we
feel a minute what's a minute like 10
minutes in New York minute New York
minute Don Henley I'm starving Jonathan
I'm starving I'm starving so can it be
like in a New York City minute
do you think you're so like covert look
at me I was covert coercion
let's go to the army surplus store no
way
there could be army surplus stuff but
here hiking boots for hikes to get guns
and tanks any white tank inner come on
well we're gonna go to the max you see
we're gonna tackle into the max easy
find you okay okay you don't say any
don't say any key words excite them hey
hi guys so we're gonna go to the army
surplus store okay you guys can stay
here okay
would that be fun that'd be a fun time
would that be a fun time would it would
you like that I'll give you like some
cheating's you like then Tina Johnson
chewy things hmm it's just guys it's
raining outside heavily okay so I can't
wanted to bring you out for a little W
at the moment because it's raining so
heavily
they said it's okay they understood no
mom said nothing well you know mom's an
idiot huh you know mom's an idiot no no
that's me no no no no no no no Liam no
Liam we're gonna give them some
choo-choos did you chew what did you you
want to teach me she's daring stop mess
no that just dirt
you wanna do hit tell them to do
something do something again shake hands
shake hands shake hands shake hand go
boy shake hand mind the house mind the
house guys the grown-ups have to go out
guys
I just been dared to Anna
and I went ahead and changed Facebook
picture on her profile so there's no
longer what is the right amount of time
what leave up their wedding picture a
year a year
here's a bit much here's a bitch much
yo-yo chose I think the next week or so
I'm gonna do about feeling like you know
it's kind of like the mundane life you
know dad and the kids we're talking
about guys how old do you think is too
old to be a parent
and today's quandary of a question
that's quandary of a question you know
it is a touchy subject in a way because
everybody's children well we're kind of
saying like okay it's different for okay
not dads over here is a lot of diets it
isn't it's not fair is it okay but what
how old is there like you know you know
I don't you never want to be too young I
order like to be too young and I always
said that like if I know but I always
sound like if I ever wanted to have kids
I would always want to make sure that
career is good you know finance is good
he was really good strong security
because I think that like having a kid
and scraping by like I'm more about I
know people will complete this might
disagree with me here like but I would
just like to be really financially
secure before I have a child because I
wouldn't like them I don't mind like you
know I'll take risks and stuff of my own
life and stuff I Apple when it comes to
another little life and my own child I
think I feel really differently better I
know the raincode on so weird to talk
way today I'm we're saying like yeah I
don't was saying that she looked up kids
before she's Turkey you know to have all
the kids don't like be it the 15
children that we're planning and having
before 30 oh wait a second can you only
have one kid a year can you only have
one kitty here though but um what do you
think what's your what's your talks in
this second a green hair but anyways I
know I just I would I would prefer to
have all the kids thought I'm gonna have
by the time like before I'm 30
just cuz like you have more energy so
which some people would argue like no no
I mean like get away
my mom was 30 when she had me and I was
her first hmm so she would probably be
like no you can definitely still do
things in your third Eastlake how old is
show you how dare you then 41 41 yeah I
think 40 wins did okay like but then I
well no she actually says though that
she as much as like she would have
wanted like more and stuff that it is
really energy consuming and like you
know you're not as young as you were you
know she said even sometimes with Erica
like but my mom is not old when moms
like 54 yeah yeah so that's it by no
means old and she had me at 30 so think
how young you'd be if you had all your
kids before 30 I think my mom had roots
which is my elder sister oh and she is
definitely in a very early 20s yeah I
know you know I think I used to know Mac
I just feel like it's kind of and I know
that might but it's the one thing that
it's definitely I agree on one thing
because my brother Stefano and I don't
want to agree on that many things but
and we're kind of like really different
but there's one thing that we agree on
which is that it's irresponsible to have
kids when you're older yeah and that's
something that some people find like
really like it's kind of a touchy
subject because now that I've said that
I'm probably gonna get loads of comments
from older parents being like well who
do you think you are but I speak from
experience I think it's irresponsible
Stefano Singh's irresponsible and that's
the one thing that we agree on because
my dad was 49 or Freddie
forty-eight when he had me which you
know he died when he was seventeen so I
didn't get that along with him I didn't
get enough time with him definitely but
Erika my younger sisters 13 and she got
like no time with my dad so that for
that that's the reason why I say that
like I'm not trying to be mean and
saying that like just because you're a
certain age you can't have kids or you
shouldn't have kids but I just
personally would not want to do that to
my children and it's not I'm not saying
it's my parents fault or anything it's
just the way things worked out but like
I just wouldn't do it and I wouldn't
understand I wouldn't understand
anything they're talking about that's
the other thing well I just think that
like him hello relatively speaking right
what we're doing now with YouTube itself
is like a relative media platform no but
I think you know if I was to oh like the
kids be like wow what's that now you're
teleporting I wouldn't use them
teleporters and ridiculous
ridiculous you know just like you want
to be around for as long as possible but
then obviously you don't know what's
gonna happen like people can get killed
like willy-nilly willy-nilly yeah so you
actually can't but I'm just saying like
that's just my my take on it and I am
speaking from experience I'm not just
like throwing it out there like somebody
who doesn't even know what they're
talking about like I know what I'm
talking about
but it's different for everybody so yeah
I don't know so uh leave me your
comments and tell us when we should
start having kids I'll try and find the
pins now or the yeah they kick that
bitch
kick alright kicking mints oh yeah I
gotta go find the pins
you wanna go demons
oh no look pick up can you tow your hat
in there you know like you try your hat
on it
that's natural official international
acceptance thing for actually if you're
late for some work you just go ahead and
try your hat in it everyone goes oh we
got you and you can't you're allowed
role under
trust me that's so good I can't wait
I think how it means like fine make sure
all the Halloween stuff up just do not
for the Christmas stuff
okay wait'll Halloween's over I think
that's how I feel well yeah Oscar we can
we get these last year it's only like
it's the first of October now 30th
October ready pretty first so it's over
so yeah it's like a months not that far
away then five weeks away join it for
our Halloween selfish party got a
Halloween shop it's good stuff though is
it
this is our first time in Heaton's even
no nose would like a horn section or
everything in Heaton's two of us walked
up the stairs they're like what the hell
is this no Chester drugs nice nice stuff
in here
getting the frames for you anything
there's quite a tricky situation of
those ones yeah yeah yeah cool
and then I want to get something like is
that this is a mirror yeah we are
getting a canvas like well not
disgusting right out for a nice canvas
print that we're getting sent to us this
is gonna look awesome so then yeah right
what else do we need antennas trying to
pretend that she forgot the money again
well you have it you're lying or not you
have it
it didn't I never put it in Muppets I
hold on to it you're not responsible
love be careful
what was that you said what's that
you're holding on to their cookies are
omong I do love a good mug oh my God
look at these ones
it's so cool the size of it
field it was coffee bean it's a good one
so I look at thin it is I look at tin
cup
I have to go down to okay then that is
it's a nice cup guys I'm not sure about
that one I didn't think my splint they
could mean I got here lunch
storage didn't really well here I am
we're gonna plan here we're getting this
plan because it's not real that's why
we're getting it if it was actually real
I would say nope we're not getting it
but considering it's not real it may
actually survive how does he get one as
well look we also got guys carbon you
know we got that cuz of this out here oh
my god we're totally getting these
Robins leaner look a little duckies I
give them the real cookies he's a little
bit playful color we go do to be run to
the old ones
there's ones thing go occasions
okay what this sucks don't seem to have
the logo I see those stars
yeah instead of actual like sticking
pins into them we can put little stars
and all the places that we've gone to
everybody big he's doing a little tiny
ones is that kind of silly it was kind
of silly because on the map they're
bigger than the entire country or you
could use this right and then put the
pin should be then you're kind of lying
- yeah we can't find anything we want
it's not bigger than the whole map it's
bigger than the whole town place we went
to yesterday if I put that sticker on it
will cover the entire court so it'll be
no way that is very true
well in here what our little hidden gems
and they got glitter sticks
eyes no I think I'm okay good idea he's
knows of things do you don't think I'm
looking for swimmer so when I'm sent
into it before for the subscriber wall
but I used them all up in the original
subscriber a while but then somehow
during the app change the moving who
must have actually lost the ones that
were on this prescriber wall where were
burns clips find their seat
there's drawing pins but you know the
ones it's a little funny thing stuck on
to them take a little tapas up nothing
we got though we got the last of the
envelopes that we need to send the last
so if you're in Ireland or England or
Europe not sure what the addresses are
and you were thinking like everyone else
got the new Red Shirts my you guys
shirts don't worry
on the way the last 14 aren't here don't
worry about it okay it's all under
control we'll actually put a little star
no no you can't no no Anna no no you
can't use them they're too big new brand
the donkey food you guys are wearing
these guys misfits nauseous ticks turn
that wine thing over the Beano and you
guys freaking t know my brother used to
get Dennis two minutes
No so identifies when Bruce to get the
damn D and I would get the Beano and I
probably sound like I'm ancient right
now but they were the ones that we used
to get but natural was the name of
Dennis the Menace's dogs
from all these look at this guy nearly
copy no they have to be or is that
massive I see that too
oh my god check this one it's got actual
fifty five percent real chicken it's
like a little bone but it wrapped in
like chicken it's not perfect I would
actually I think I might want to have a
little nibble on these or than me frogs
75% of skin both happy Christmas
your father machine at work
conversations just here in excuse me
apparently six doggy stickers where's
the value of 49 cents to buy summer
birth to receipt that's what you're
doing you put them in with the receipt
and then no one will ever notice
oh yeah I want to see what we stole huh
but it was an accident really because it
was so stupid because the King rode in
like 50 times he kept saying like
unknown item unknown item ask for
assistance a girl comes over and she's
like doing this race she logged in that
I went through and then yeah and then
she was just like okay and we thought
ahead gone through but then Jonathan
check the receipt back
Hey so please don't some doggy stickers
although there's cats on them - Oh cats
and dogs they kiss your criminal game
criminal mastermind that's a gateway
crime they're watching I have to surpass
go Volvo charge system apart yeah I have
to cuz like I've had no choice really I
honestly thought they had gone it
through and the girl came over though
and type dude she's like an accessory
for the crime it was an inside job
boom inside job we're we're the word
victims here forced to commit a crime
we got the funnest thing ever for Albie
and I can't wait then I tell we put into
the Machine and realize their four year
of these four year old hot doggy treats
which is you know that's why I don't
feel bad about the stickers
you're look at you Burt your first
criminal outing I used to steal I used
to steal bat shape you know the ones
that are from Pier one oh there's a
picture of you in immigration is that I
was like four five like I was a baby
but I used to steal the little back
shapes from Pier one
you know the ones that like they feel
with like fat stuff really pop them in
the bath they do like little shapes of
like laws and stuff and I used to think
I don't understand at all I just think
just take them there and pick and make
see hanage yeah they used to being like
little bait not basins no little jars
let's just take that like I don't my
speed mother my mom he would bring me
home and she find them all I'm like
let's just stop victim my clothes isn't
to be like
what could she say what was the first
thing out have you ever stolen and load
the Ursuline was the first thing you her
Solon when I was about 8 years old
I joined the gang guys mm-hmm I was
roped into a gang schools and crossbows
Grove we're down in La Varna we cycle
IBM X's but um I had to I had to steal a
you know I had to steal something from
the local shop okay I'm not gonna name
the shop just in case I know so I went
in my toy and I saw the em and like a
raffle booklet and I talked got you so I
must have stood at the raffle booklet
for about three hours frozen right with
my hand just on it's like frozen oh my
god oh my god for about three hours and
then eventually I got to my jacket and
ran at the door watching little child
for about three hours just standing
around but needless to say I was in the
gang yo
