what you say I don't know why Apollo
this is not seen 24 hours/day every kind
of horror hours a day my name is Joe
first 24 hours a day
my name is Joe Fez oh and guess what
Cena um dark it isn't the stupid old
only room Moo um there we go Cena I took
a bath with me actually a shower with me
this morning it was so cute she just
jumped right into the bathtub
when I was taking a shower and she ended
up getting a little wash a little
wishy-washys thank you dude and then I
tried to blow dry her hair but she
wouldn't let me she hates the blow dryer
like he hates it Albie likes it most
multis actually like it but she loves
water I'll be hates water and do it you
doing but um she hates the blow dryer so
I put some of my like heat protectant in
her hair and everything it was generally
okay yeah the cream it's like shiny it
makes it shiny as well but um yeah
Jonathan's like when you set up here's a
suit just for you toddler time wise not
Hollow I know what is that what just
doesn't seem to be anywhere I apologize
you stupid Saturday doesn't so depressed
Oh
and my mother prays so Joe appear to err
don't miss my help picture here you can
borrow my earrings I lose my ears what
just happened
lose my hair army so we're invited to my
mom's house for chocolate cake so just
sit over here in this corner and cry
yeah my friend
two tokens we doesn't want to he doesn't
want to be in that little nest of
depressive nests
come here you want to come to mommy
it'll stop it there we go no mommy don't
you hi you're really good-looking I what
are you doing that don't like this time
you know look at you look at you hope
you're hmm yeah Jonathan like he doesn't
want to plus seen us the one that you
should be doing that to her because
she's cold
Wow dare you stick her in - can you
little bit of room here maybe one is
what's in it for the little growl from
LOV oh no oh oh don't be ringed a nice
picture when I take a picture of you
anything this is my no Liam day so I
woke up too early and then I couldn't
get back to sleep so I was grown then I
decided I'd ended the video and during
the uploading process the computer
thought it'd be a good idea to reboot
itself it was not a good idea because I
have to restart the entire upload
process all over again
then when the video finally uploaded
YouTube thought it'd be a good idea to
not process the videos so we have a no
Liam homepage sub box situation so
nobody knows that I've uploaded a video
then I taught well first I'll just go
and see Apollo 18 because everything is
going on
no no Apollo 18 is not available in any
cinema for some ridiculous reason it's
not available in any cinema anywhere how
does that make you feel I'll be here
second no William a man today czarina
today is a write-off good night
he released it on Jonathan I are trying
to figure out how to attach this like
keep it attached not a spy I said I
think just comes off itself because you
believe there for too long there just
escapes anyway oh yes I would
you okay no you okay there Joseph yeah
that's not even pointing at me oh he's
okay there dopest he's okay oh all right
let's give this a try now we'll give it
a full testable runs okay so it's
spinning around it's headed to town
boingy boingy she's sitting on some sort
of a jelly but gooey goo person jelly
bath do person see that was sweet
I'll be I'll be see how is it is this
the boy
WME blingy oh no no hello Oh what's this
now some television we never get to
watch television at home what time is it
half seven
Stargate whoa what's Terranova that's
good
Terra Nova
top gear doctor no way where's bbc1 oh
my god it started 10 minutes ago though
see the scary one get the scary ol nice
sometimes doctor who is actually quite
scary oh my goodness they're gonna got
monkfish and pesto potato and some weird
stuff which is optional for pesto potato
he is excited for pesto I could see me
all right
right what's up man corns site should we
ever be a tire all about no we
absolutely have a headache
mumsy over headache oh what's the name
when I place in Germany you were talking
about kids burgers it's not in Germany
Nathan I mean where is it then Oscar yes
oh it's in Austria take the back down
ski house thinking about it go to Munich
in December is it December or November
December and you guys live in
munchin cuz I promised I'll die wants to
meet up I'm a must and I meet up we're
going to munchin in December for their
finsih market ah so we'll get some some
frankfurters yeah some frankfurt to meet
air but it all stops used in the team
hall here you always get the worst first
horse to what it what did I are you know
to be exhaustive juice breakfast must
meet
you are gonna be constant that's what I
always know I never get lost like them I
always praise it's like I know it's safe
couldn't talk the Khammam best in some
crank house beta you need to know and
follow links or links on Brad house
Thank You shun wouldn't feel it
thank and you move on trick on truckin
hmm
a tasty chocolate tasty chocolate okay
let's make you copy me oh god it's not
okay that boy dies you you should
probably all they had to make this by
now okay you're like my apprentices a
pret ty sighs sighs all right guys so
just the water in the thing too much not
too much let's see if I can make this
without my pocket opened the thing and
hit my foot it did it the pocket worked
is working against me
okay dad no way this thing here too much
water guys
or than that 15 my god again
nice now Kofi Kofi Annan you see the
trick is to me change no try to do that
making a mess it just can't be done
without making a mess okay
what's that creamy creamy tart oh
they're the best diet
amazing guys the kitchen for anything
white where he is knowing
Hey
this is the best part of making the
cream mom mmm Dina oh yeah hmm yeah
they're gonna clean themselves out there
afterwards I love the bit where the
coffee kings quick sell sweet cool
actually I need to have this thing ready
because if you don't put this thing on
yeah actually yeah explodes everywhere
and coffee goes everywhere and that's
not a one time pretty much good yeah you
mean in a slop shop in shop in shop in
Oh get your own shop in shop in stop it
drop it drop it drop it drop and see all
right let's get a shop in my expresso
we're artists oh the old stomping ground
Tesco are you excited
oh my god it excited haha oh just don't
we keep nobody used to wander and just
kick area you nice you suck at the cakes
we never got a cake there was the dream
cake guys from the dream cake you never
actually mentioned as far as getting the
dream cake second area for guinnesses
canoes
that's a funky walk in July what's this
snap next what's a snapback goodness we
should probably get a couple of snap
backs yeah just one or 20 look guys
here's the offer one right there's the
Activia one on offer right see you
tomorrow
dad what is the difference between those
no need to find out they don't know the
difference right these are the ones that
made me feel all bloated and sick and
horrible the ones in here where's the
yogurt section Nina
is that knit on we're gonna get to the
bottom it is nice you know work I'm
gonna work as a team team this one right
now
what is the difference between those
ones
Oh a little things people saying afro
soy don't let these ones first in here
rip up ones oh my god you test gonna
update a robot once what that's gonna
make it very difficult for me to just
weren't sort at this little issue
because they don't seem to have it here
see I want to see what's an actual clear
difference between Greek it sounds like
fun no I kind of want to have a little
bit of a fun zo time all right a little
bit of a fun zo time but it's just not
here okay so forget that we'd have to
figure out another day but what is the
difference between that pack and the
singular pack these ones here for a
second there fits Alinea yeah there are
tibia is that what the difference is no
they were Activia party Daphne Activia
zwei
when you say the word like do you want
to wait no soy yogurt I just kind of go
although
so what did say that if I eat that
yogurt I will go fertile and we will
never be able to have a family
if you fertilizer is that guaranteed
like is that actual scientific thing hey
look this one comes in loosen it up a
little bumpy no we're saying are you
pregnant
so what's all this what's all this why
are you all up while you're looking at
lately genes all of a sudden well you're
looking at baby teens out of a sudden oh
oh oh people I didn't do those things
oh hey maybe I'll have felt my cereal in
the mornings hey wait a sec what's this
one whatever you know the poor one the
poor one the one they actually pour in
that's designed for cereal oh wait a
second
okay here we go so what is the
difference between this and even one
like no difference at all mister I'll
take rhubarb please let's go with these
then I know they're good they don't
cause problems okay
serious I've actually got my Ontario
I've actually got my own music okay okay
okay oh my god guys what the hell like
it's actually September and they're
actually selling Christmas stuff like
that
