I'm gonna go do it guys I'm going to
record amnesia be like please like I do
upgrade what happened to the end of the
last one I was like whittled in a corner
the scary man was like but somebody said
to me do you remember that locked door
beware where I blew up that thing
somebody said to me I could use my
lockpick ping but then I don't know if I
want to go back in there what if that
guy is still there yet oh he was so
terrifying Oh God
okay that was petrifying that's all I'm
doing more episodes of it but oh my god
and absolutely petrified that game
scares the crap out of me I don't know
whose idea was ever start playing that
yeah actually a little bit scary like I
had to just like oh yeah you meup day
I'm gonna play My Little Pony from that
one little pony play true witch opus
okay right I want to go ahead and check
out these damn clamp I want to stick
this in the car now and see yeah let's
get it working for you with me alright
so we got the taken lock in place you
can see our here I put it behind just
behind the rear view mirror he lucked it
on and there's a tripod you think it's
just unloosen attic so you got a full
kind of scope when I'm see the
directionality of it's like we're at the
good thing is right so when we're doing
the drive thing I just turn it around
and lock it on here and that's it it'll
record like that locked on my homie
what's up mmm-hmm alright let's plug it
in that's probably a better elevated
position yeah yeah and it still has a
full turn
I'll turn to Anna will turn to me
driving along in my it's really killed
out awesome guys and that's how I have a
locked in here now you see so I have it
locked on I put it up with this height
here or to talk because that gets Anna
and that's perfectly getting me and it
can spin right around on its pivot to
actually get head side so I yeah
freakin awesome
I wonder what an empress so long on me
for so long zo so this is the this is
the new mounting system on the door with
you pretty awesome isn't that so really
like you're quite started shaking around
is probably like locked solid as they're
driving lon
it's pretty awesome oh god we've got a
hazy situation haloed oh wait you guys
want to talk down I feel very dressed up
for a walk along what I swimming earlier
so but that's a problem when you're like
Joyce go wait over dress when you film
tutorial leave my wedding makeup yeah it
feels very like hello we're done it to a
ball or something you know but yeah
that's really cool this thing it's very
like professional yeah you know
hey what's up oh and you want to see all
right gonna break in the first day
driving along not awesome yeah
hands-free legally we're loud its what
the film meet people use guys yeah oh
he's got dad is sitting there okay where
did all the Sun come from okay that's
what I'd like to know okay wasn't
supported like I mean it was like
freezing cold dirty clouds and now I've
been blinded by the Rays of the Sun
Torretta madonna ray of light the turn
is no match to me I have a miniature
basketball
I think someone's excited to be on the
walkies you excited to be on the walkie
zombie harness dun dun no he just room
in the car okay harness the energy so I
figured out with him go to I just texted
my mom with um we're gonna go to her
house after and she actually did this
walk this morning with my sister Emma
and I invited her on the walk as well
quite um they did it this morning so
we're gonna go there after and they have
chocolate muffins which you can actually
see on Emma's baking blog be a good boy
they have white chocolate in the
incident it's gonna rain I know it's no
Liam see probably can't see that but it
looks very dark you guys to check out
yes this video there's a video response
yeah to be funny because apparently it's
now cloudy and rainy in Baltimore boy
boy Miss Maryland I think as well as
more that was Texas no no is definitely
Maryland Maryland Maryland so it wants
us to very lunch husband of Mary
Maryland as our swapsies underwear and I
think it actually happened no well yeah
you can't have you sunshine back do
something come on Abbi come on
it is Halloween although I can't win
keep an eye out for the bats guys is
where the bat was last time I see my
little game with Tina we always play
let's get to Bob
see ya see ya see ya what oi oi
Cena Cena toy boy she's so cute
she's that football thing like and if I
walk past it she like roll it out and
pick it up and bring it to me what story
is that it is that it here
good girl do you know we found it
yesterday guys there is a hamster or a
guinea pig call num-nums
is it a hamster do you remember we got
that $50 Amazon voucher thing well we
have to spend it in amazon.com so in
order to ship anything honor and cost
like $40 so pretty to ten dollars so
trying to find something and then we
came across num nums and there what's
that
but baby hippopotamus is warning of
economic slowdown no Dublin Zoo Wegmans
first hippo calf in ten years
oh my goodness that's so cool that's a
cute little baby hippo I don't know what
his name is
nom noms four am and you guys ever hear
of a hamster or again you could call num
nums
what was it part of do you remember
Zhu Zhu Pets for a yes we're gonna try
and buy up and Sina num nums but
couldn't afford the shipping so that
sucks but wasn't that really funny
num-nums the hamster there's numbers
no no oh and it was also a motorized
thing that was gonna like run around
though keep me entertained for hours
that was a tasty yum yum dinner dinner
in my planner cause I'm thinner but look
at this delightful thing that emma has
baked just for us I think I think
somebody might have taken a little
nibble there no there was some nibbling
my phone is crazy because I was trying
to take a twit pic there and my phone
said please disconnect from the computer
and I was like I'm sorry if they're like
so massive USB all the way down to our
house from here did you laugh like
you've never laughed before did you
dance like you've never danced before
ignoring me aren't you you are she
admits it
she's an admit her admittance oh it was
a little broken part two broken parts
because you're done put your pastor but
how we run run run ran it did
Oh Franco triangle is a password Oh
awesome right I was just checking on the
Bossip up there and it appears that I
look miss Jane's cardi send his little
picture I won't focus but I'm a couple
of you guys have been my muffin picture
couple you guys have comments and tweets
it you guys got your t-shirts woo I
think everybody in Arlen got their
t-shirt today which is mom so yeah
that's pretty cool so I wonder if the UK
will be tomorrow and then would it be
like Europe the next day and then
America before you get another president
I don't know you might have another
president before you got a you guys
shirt and then said Korea for full well
I don't even know who might be on the
moon before that happens
Nina you know the water filter thing
never the way it's designed to like keep
the water cool so we leave it in the
fridge why is it on the counter you left
it there by accident left Tara by
accident that was some time ago Nene's
she wasn't my life wife she wasn't my
wife I would beat her to dead president
also just rendering out the episode guys
watch it if you have you haven't been
watching the Winter Games series of
amnesia
apparently is terrifying forward stroke
fun zo it's like a fun zo one minute
terrifying the next minute then it
becomes fuzzy oh it's not fun zero for
me terrifying for me
first of all too simple of that's a word
but eventually I got the elevator
working which is like oh my god that
work it took to get the elevator working
method things in and out of him there's
a lot of work Google was involved okay
there's a little bit a little bit of a
nudge from Google so that was handy that
was handy but yeah you should totally
check it out if you look just underneath
the video you can see like my Twitter
and as Twitter and then it says Winter
Games and a little link you just get
company subscribe if you want I don't
care but why do ya could be fun could be
could be the kind of thing that you need
when you having like the vanities but
just got one supplemental facile fun
