so poor little doses energy he has
someone stole my somebody stole this
energy last night that he was saving up
Frankie day do I love her enough every
day he's stolen and he has his hold up
because he said he looked disgusting but
you don't look disgusting you know this
is so darn into the second today so
today nobody ever says that it's always
opposite anyway so we're going to the
post office with all of our things all
of our t-shirts to send hold on Artie -
yeah your t-shirts that we signed for
you guys and we're sending them all that
today couldn't do it yesterday because I
had to go to a funeral yesterday so and
Jonathan could not like there's actually
like freight loads of t-shirts so it was
like way too big of a task for him to do
by himself because yo wait no but um it
wouldn't be fair if he had not to do it
himself yes I don't wanna have to go
into town first we're gonna go to the
PIO box it's my clamp
yes Jonathan's climber named Mandy
saying game part then we have to go to
threshold which we found about it from
you guys because I yeah thank you
because I put it on my facebook and
that's what you guys came back with the
whole issue with choices now they are
not allowing us to have our deposit back
because they are claiming that they made
a lot of false completely false claims
that our apartment that we left if you
want to go check out the video it's
called new beginnings is the one where
we do a run-through of the whole house
after a leave but just before leaving
they're saying that it was left in
disgusting condition beyond repair which
is a complete and utter lie and anybody
who watches this show will know that
because you guys have seen it like since
we we've logged for a whole year in that
apartment and it was always really clean
and I'm a neat freak anyway so it just
makes no sense but they're claiming all
these orders they're saying that I
really that the couches that we never
even used allright damaged beyond repair
and need to be they need to purchase new
ones like complete rubbish
so we're within our rights to get that
money back and they won't they say that
our deposit doesn't even cover the
damage which is what time you know like
they're just lying it's their total
Liars the total cheats so we're going to
go and sort it out with threshold which
you guys socialism it is this it's a
government body there yeah like it
actually has a whole thing in this
website you know if your landlord is not
giving you back your house it like this
is it's your deposit you know so you
know it just seemed that this happened
like I said thousands of people every
year come to them with this exact same
complaint like yeah like there's kind of
regular like normal wear and tear which
is supposed to be covered by the
landlord like obviously a landlord has
to paint the place usually a good
landlord will paint the place and
shampoo the carpet if there is one
and that's pretty much all he'd probably
have to do I don't even think they'd
have to paint the place but you know
what I mean like anything above that if
they're claiming that there's something
above that which there isn't then we're
within our rights to get our money back
completely like so so let's fight the
fight okay second energy stealers okay
who's that
we just got hundreds and hundreds of
stamps and we're sitting here in the
post fast putting all these army anyway
doesn't coordinate may actually get
theirs tomorrow that was a pointy she's
like how many which is like print out
all the stamps they may have to like sit
on the floor and actually stick all the
stamps on ourselves empty boxes make
sure to leave comments or baseball
creatures or yeah
if you why don't you take a picture and
stick it on our Facebook wall what you
need is a picture of me wearing this
t-shirt
you guys are t-shirts do that I think I
made a boo-boo guys the other day um I
started putting a
the active Activia yogurts in my mood in
the morning because I'm always
struggling to find a breakfast granola
I'm always struggling to find a
breakfast because I'm really bad at
breakfast but I want a breakfast but you
know I don't know when to stage being
like pretty unhealthy crap for breakfast
and I was like one so better but I
really like to do Zee things but I
didn't want to go on in the milk because
the granola thing I didn't want to go in
the milk because it didn't really agree
with me you know so I tried the activity
yoga some rhubarb ones absolutely no
problem yum yum Tom Tom everything was
going fine and there was a deal the
other day for eight
Activia yogurts which were still cheaper
than pour of the rhubarb ones but they
were still half the price I was like oh
that sounds like a good deal it was like
mango and strawberry and a different
sign of flavors but then for the last
two days I felt all bloated and sludgy
and like you know full of like dairy and
stuff and I'm like crud on Phyllis cuz I
mean I can't but then how could the
rhubarb ones not affect me like this but
then these ones the cheap ones have
definitely made me feel all like
and wanting to get off the dairy again
but then what can I use
and you guys use like soy yogurt or yeah
soy yogurt in this area like you know
what can you get flavored soy yogurt and
stuff like that
leave me some comments and suggestions
because you guys are like Wikipedia
forward stroke Google horde stroke mom I
know everything guys know everything
yeah guys liquid came in the Popol box
right so I haven't said it up you up
with this locks on here you know I'm not
sure how to get it working halfway there
that's so cool
let's just take this little part off so
you can actually see what it does what
it like locks on here and we'll be able
to turn between both of us yeah you know
being up like a full lockdown tripod
system why is that I know and then you
got you lock around to the front of the
car as well like but it's not so awesome
guys
ya know and it's a it's Manfrotto and
you fill them into this well no that's a
really good tripod makers my proto so
yeah this is cool I actually works with
the big camera as well and the small
cameras and everything so this is an
awesome device and I got my September
glossy box it's back there
but nothing's gonna drive over something
oh okay it was a fourth there's a nice
Oh
anyways yeah I got my self timer gauzy
bucks yeah guys up to this shop for sale
a shop front fat for sale we can
actually afford that but what would we
do with a shop front you have meetups
all the time we can tell you guys
t-shirts I think about what we do in a
shop lunch we get a shop front just to
have a shop right
haven't seen you complain there look you
can just watch everybody oh look guys
here's the actual
the management agency tenant agency
thing die damn are screwing us over oh
we're stuck in traffic so I'll get to
see it hold on with that all right now
here we go here we go guys stand there
choices boo
let's sing walk by there throw an egg at
them or something or just go in and be
like you guys are terrible I cannot
believe what you're doing to disk only
Jolie's thumbs down for them they were
gone in this car parking for fooders
talking about anna was just watching
this time lat yesterday she watched what
we did it yesterday and you guys should
do that if you want you should watch
this video right and then go into our
channel and search for this day last
year and you'll see the difference of
what we are doing last year because I
don't see it this time not here or
yesterday's one let's not go ahead I'll
look way out maybe this way it's this
time last year we were doing like that
it drives in that sense and it was much
warmer and now this time I was graduated
but it's much colder yeah we'll just
what I look way down there but yeah that
could be a fun thing to do you should
totally do that
and if you feel like a favorite and like
the video just think he should hook up
last year okay this is hilarious we
can't actually get out of here
but is that down or is that up anything
down there
I don't know blue stairs OH
follow a little thing obviously we made
it run number two you guys don't forget
don't wear it out yo with my money you
guys are were parked in here the event
of an event you can't tickle someone and
now if you can tickle someone another
love it there's one of these ones like
my tears caught here and the door open
behind you know you weren't having at
the airport shimmer she was a sign in
there that side I'm like where the hell
are we like this is crazy
it's crazy when you feel like all
disorientated you're like ah the road so
just head down this way this way
internal aha we found it guys threshold
now now listen here I want my deposit
back
where do you go up here I guess two to
five yeah we're gonna fight it guys
they're gonna do it they're gonna do
gonna fight our case versus if you have
a good place we're not gonna take it
lying down
are we no no no no we're gonna fight
them this kind of interesting to see how
it goes like you know what I mean you
thought we were gonna take it lying down
okay so I feel really good about it she
was actually really nice it was funny
because we were like no Cushi we have to
give her like the second lead role is
when we gave the episode number of the
last day that we just like this is now
you fill in yourself everything
yeah yeah it's so much proof like and I
would love to beat I would love to just
run over there now the choice is Russia
and just watch Cormac space as he gets a
phone call now
video doesn't open video oh oh no he's
gonna bring on with this like the video
ah he doesn't even have to call it but
no just when they're gonna call him now
you like give them like the money you
know that we've actually taken a birder
and it she's like if they don't respond
that we always take the decided
attendant if they don't respond like
they're taking the court but it won't
cost anything so we are in wilde runs
wild ways and you guys go here
open tuna with lemon I've said all the
kind of stuff they do here these are
sort of
oh my god guys look what the happen here
logical authority like my lieutenant
writes an audacious
their leaflets what which really has a
modern collection question and all
different languages there so because we
were worried about there's a lot of
people who joined us where these are
Europeans there is like much they put
this on both like on our Labor's that I
couldn't understand or couldn't like you
know like they just didn't know the laws
or their rights or anything so it's good
that thresholds you happens in different
languages for people that are like not
Irish
so other video exit action very nice I
just go to bed because
someone from time paid all our bills on
time like did everything right and like
complain to us over
but I got this crazy speech or something
and big break to that up a lot kind of
like you're being thing oh oh it didn't
you think that I didn't get a little
thing in mine
oh is it some Downers and that's all it
has what is it face I saw empty right
now just feels like really like empty
you know I was just like way more people
hear something maybe the timing there's
not not know what the House of Blue Room
Blue Room and I was in that she will
always be to you
I'm I was a tasty lunch what's to market
I never I just I remember in comments
was popped into my head hear about the
outro and a number of the videos the
reason I start putting in the outro and
the little thing the day number thing or
originally I stopped putting today
number on the name of the video because
at odd who cares
and then now I've just pretty much
completely stopped because I don't know
like we're going to put up a video every
day we're gonna do our best to put a
video every single day so like I don't
think I really need to say what the
number is doesn't really matter the
two-year mark like that's the only
anniversary you kind of need to remember
and that's based on the date of what it
was last year so next year that day that
would be the two-year thing I just don't
see and the outro thing is just cuz I
felt like well why why like it's an
effort he's trying to put that in and
like it just ends just ends like most
people probably the minute it ends and I
kids on the outro probably just inside
the video anyway so the only thing I
left in it now is just the intro and
then all the footage just chopped
together like I just I don't think it
needs too much like you know like just
too much stuff just pretty simple like
in it that's it
it won't be coming back I'm sorry I hope
I hope you don't miss it if you wanted
like keep track of the tank am this
series and secondly Jolie's the series
see the blue thing up there way it says
blue to Saucony Jolie's and then the
name of the episode that's a that's a
series playlist so if um you click into
that you can see the playlist and as two
dates and the episode number the episode
number coincides with what it is so this
is 457 so I keep naming the episodes
season 5 episode 57 which means it's 457
let's see so whatever the season is it's
100 less than that and whatever the
number is you know that's basically
that's how you can see you know that in
the bottom just a little cartoon picture
so I keep meaning to change but I keep
forgetting but yeah
under the cartoon picture is the season
number and number so the season of our
correspond to the 100 because I put up I
make a season every 100 videos yes you'd
want to track them that way otherwise
the Cystic open the playlist or just go
to the channel page just based on the
date and stuff you know I just I just I
think that you know simple is good low
resolution buys more participation ice
cream sorry
wife west highland white ease god I want
you know Pavel
they were actually a huge how much extra
for fools s waffle I'm sorry 460
no oh it's 64 like before honey just
like oh my god okay what kind of job
would you have to own to buy this thing
of course no I'm stuffed I go slow it's
a go slow don't like what Anna calls me
what what is it to fold up at 3:00 it's
not how does it stay up right
you know obviously q I think we're going
to have to buy some bunny rabbits Rehana
find a new friend what's the craziness
for is it because a doggy desire bona
fide many truths smoky bacon strips
oh yeah oh yeah you know what these are
guys oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness you guys gonna go crazy you
gonna go crazy mama stick if Xena
heroine oh not ready out guys almost a
teen Oh almost come down I wish you all
one seen this thing good now sit lie
down good boy I'll be I mean Xena
Xena lie down lie down oh you like that
is a bona fide meaty she always sings in
you know figure out how my lamp works it
does actually smell nice from somebody
from so here's the thing I've got a
clamp on there and that is not moving at
all right so as you can see you can have
a point yeah Anna or me when I'm driving
or you can spin it all the way around
and if we just loosen it you've got
complete dexterity to place it anyway
isn't that so awesome like it's really
blocked on you know isn't that so cool
it has this quick release system that
it's like a vacuum so it sucks all the
air out and then completely but like you
actually position that any way you want
which is why it's awesome isn't it looks
like a foot it's not so awesome it's not
such a cool dimension well yeah whoa
we're like film stars now actually we're
watching them teen moms in today and I
was like having teen mom because you can
put a splitter here and you can have one
vlog facing that way I'm one vlog facing
that way and you have the two of them
pointing out different ways for my
Manfrotto Manfrotto with nakulan is such
a cool invention it's such a cool device
Oh God
okay guys
Oh morning we're about to show you a
scary spider everyone was like please
say a warning next time you show scary
well there's your warning it's the same
kind of big spider though that's the
same kind of one no what's that oh it's
my juice it's the same kind of big
spider
they must be common those kind of big
spiders they're not too scary though
because they don't look like they're
gonna eat you but um they might you put
these in a row midnight Tesco Go Go
essence - it has a midnight essence we
did technically isn't it much if someone
asked me a comment that they were
standing right there last time we're
here you did you did you idiot you idiot
all the way back home roll it back again
and they also drove on the motorway
we're not autopilot I don't know where I
was going right let's try this again are
we all have we got the equipment
equipment check track jack I have to
sneak into the house where I'll be and
seeing and hearing me because otherwise
they go upset asking more treats and so
plus I don't like them getting all upset
today hate coming and going so I have to
like sneak open the door and sneak in
but I'm hearing but no we had to do it
yeah yeah ass good job - job good job
hey this is cool this is the disco place
no one other like we didn't have disco
music
and what you're saying is to Tesco I
admit a minute
I liked it and liked it a lot una
cocaína yeah I asked you everything
rhythm in here they're walking a bit of
attitude
yeah ah so I'm doing my shop and then
I've gotta be on the gold go I do I much
prefer this to the desk oh I like that
like the disco feel as the disco ask
turkey dinner
it's no it's no sorrento food but i have
to do that have to do those it's a doozy
you look nice who wouldn't have to walk
on that he liked the first footprints
yeah oh god I've lost Ana right here
recently
huh hey I couldn't find you I thought
I'd lost you
why are you walking so fast excuse me
excuse me
satellite excuse me excuse me mmm guys
better Christina Aguilera yeah I don't
know you try this one like - espresso
hey didn't we buy this one time yeah
Italian flavor but look it makes it
coffee coke see that says espresso this
doesn't specify espresso I just find
these oh my god oh my god oh my god
super value win super value I'm just
taking it one step further
I cannot believe morning growler in
Super Value oh my god that is the
awesomest awesome
