so it's like stupid or o'clock in the
morning okay
the time is that I'll be stupid o clock
that times it Xena it's doable clock ah
stepped on my hasty seat charger might
hurt my foot seas race or so and it's
going to scroll today so we need to drop
her to mama style I it stick okok so
it's it's before stupid o clock now it's
you look really pretty over there
getting ready she always looks pretty
over there getting ready I'm abandoned
for today guys but I'm gonna take this
opportunity to catch up on Maya media
because loads of people come saying like
well I will take this time because
sometimes Ana goes a little insane when
I be screaming shouting and playing
amnesia so I'll be on my own all day
today so I might as well take advantage
of that situation but if any movement I
just poked myself in the face
that's what's to proctors to you that's
gonna say and you guys wanna pop round
you know keep me company for the day
I live at mailbox 211 oh my goodness oh
look I'm running on six t-shirts left
guys must have been a busy evening
couldn't have even put up the video
today okay come on we need the good
stuff you need the good stuff stuff guys
this is what we call the morning cup
this is my morning cup okay this morning
cup here we are every several days we
have a second coffee today it's my
middle into my day cup see now on the
middle a cup of there's a nice
they go sometimes it goes as far as
three but that hardly ever happens
normally is you should be warned or
probably too would like a lunch or
something later on that's usually how it
works but um
get to work do your business
there's no I telescopic device mm-hmm
sky i watch your at night afternoon
light boo is a guinea pig oh oh because
we have another subscriber all things
set up yet so because actually I'm gonna
put me map of Ireland on to my little
thingy instead so that's what happened
there folks
that's what happened there folks on guys
fresh warning peepees whoa look look it
it's gonna wet outside who invented
silly o clock sydney o clock does silly
i tell you divine guys see the trick is
if you just open the door and let them
come out there like wander around like
this but they won't do anything and then
they'll come running back and you be
like hey guys
you give them treats cuz they're like
little Smarties over there smartypants
but now if you go out with them
there's better chance of getting a
result plus they uh they don't like when
we go but I'm coming back I'm coming
back guys I'm making actually the
supernova it's still going on guys just
over there somewhere in this area but
you know what happens the earth rotates
which like totally messes everything up
stupid rotating earth come on guys come
on come on stretch it out stretch it out
that's it stretch it out
sometimes a little chase also an guess
the peepees gone any babies gonna go
peepees no you have to go peepees you
have to go peepees first it affects
teens look at them Rakatan thinking
they're gonna get the num-nums now no
come here to me
okay you have to do the business get it
did the business first okay business
first business first this brings me back
with me all Eames MC machine driving in
the morning with the traffic oh oh the
traffic oh oh traffic oh how I have not
missed you
oh I have not missed you at all on
traffic oh I hate traffic oh well yeah
it's reminds me takes me back takes me
back a peg or two does it take you back
a peg or two
no nice time my lady oh goodness is
taking forever where does everybody get
in their car at the same time every
morning why can't we all instrumentally
go in the shipping in elevators like a
bus lane it should be like a youtuber
lane yep although look at me 20 people
using it okay what about you guys name
yeah we should totally yeah we should
totally what's the thing what he doing
here lobby the government bad organizing
that I'll be awesome oh we're on the
road no we're moving quite slowly
hello Tex oil Texas oil and you guys
want some text oil because it's going
it's going it's going it's gone oh my
god is that blood John Silver
guns over Lundgren's overruling John
Rahn act brothers
he lost his silver silvers be lost be
gone first get some I gather it's a big
ice for the silver legs
my baby beside me at the wheel stick
into the turn of a mile
roted wild so I'm wearing my scuba pants
today
and I actually forgot to use those
things oh yeah they're my stupid puns
the ones that get covered in lint just
no matter what you do they just always
get covered
and my sister-in-law not Darnton sister
both my brother's wife she was in the
wedding book Merion she gave me of these
little things closed lid to hunt and she
gave me like a whole little pack
for the wedding it was so cute actually
technically it was closed to me from
Sophia my goddaughter unlike my knees
so cute I love her she technically gave
me this stuff like there was her kind of
a little present to give what they got
me the room how well did you know your
room handbook thingy where you fill out
a questionnaire and then he like
Jonathan braids that or whatever and
then the lid two hands
they're like little sticky notes kind of
and they pull off lint from your pants
and your clothes and stuff and he's got
to use it
and then she got me some earrings that
Sophie epic yeah and the other thing
that everybody was asked about the love
everyone coupons love coupons wear it
like you if I was like a gift you can
give like but no yeah breakfast in bed
for a week or something I thought yeah I
got even showed it but loads people are
asking better I
I'm going in my thing those people were
asking about it that was from Maryann so
if I don't know where she's not that
horrible
somewhere in Baltimore I don't know but
if you live in the u.s. Sukkot we can
get
get a job or something but um yeah I
forgot my Linton hunt then that would
have come in really handy today but
I was just wondering are you guys
joining people or not because I know
some people because as I think and this
because when we were getting up really
early
it was night like not even morning
for me that was like nighttime it was
like 4:00 a.m.
remember when we had to go
to me when we were staying at Jonathan's
mom's house and I remember I got up and
I always been a morning person like I
don't care like I'll get up and you know
I won't be like in the best mood ever
will be like singing and stuff like some
crazy
although Jonathan isn't really a morning
person even though he all the time I
don't like I don't like yeah funny lunch
no Jonathan's mom I remember weird I
came down and she was like it's okay and
I don't have to talk if you don't want
to I was like no it's okay I don't mind
and she said cuz her knees like you
can't even talk to her the more things
like she will not speak to you she's
just getting some people are like that
they're so gruffly in the mornings I can
I've never been like that like sometimes
obviously you're a bit like Reggie or
whatever but not in the sense that like
you hate getting up early at work like I
don't
with the initial getting up once I'm up
I'm like you know turn on my energy
Java's boom yeah but you definitely like
I always am the first one off oh yeah
you'll get oh you'll get up quicker than
me
yeah but I never use it won't be when I
get up but you're better in the evenings
like I can get grumpy in the end I can
say off alright yeah like so can i book
I usually kind of get grumpy if like I
thought we should we should text her
that way
that's is it why no no that's not
bubbles no what was a lot prettier than
that no bubbles is a Cavalier King
Charles but she's really tiny and really
small and she lives down there she's
really cute scene out we tried for her
and seen out to be friends when see cuz
they're the same age when scene I was
like a real puppy and Sina was so funny
cuz usually seen as like the crazy one
and you know she bullies LP and stuff
but we took her to bubbles this house
and bubbles is crazy as well
bubble-bubbles totally took over and
seen out like changed into a different
dog like she was so scared
put her tail between her legs like she
was really really freaked out she sort
of like when she's met alby's yeah she
takes the dominant role or whatever but
that was because she was so tiny like
she was a real baby baby so now we're
gonna try again sometime because they
should be friends cuz they're like
almost the same age I think are they
yeah they're they were born like fairies
at the same time like we put the cow a
girl is bigger right
yeah she but she's a small colour
getting rid of oh York that is
disgusting he's actually the spawn the
web okay laughter what you mean spawned
isn't it spun Jonathan that's open that
page is open
I'm trying to open this and I'm on my
one tell me to do it or something
idiot I got this you're so disgusting
what are you doing okay Spidey
of all had our fun and games yeah it's
not gonna work Jonathan you ran away
he's gone I don't think he's gone do I
get his friend that is stones but oh
what's wrong with this stupid house with
this point I think it's because um
September Spider month you just make
that up
no September is Spider month they all
try and come into the house and like the
next why should you okay
driving home because I'm all alone cuz
my baby's gone away today I'm driving
home and I'm all alone but I got you
guys to play will you play with joy
office while Nina's away will you have
some fun and keep me astray cuz I don't
want to be bored while he was away
we need to require what sir turning its
bottle
it's funny that when I'm driving these
compounds driving the other way dropping
on in it was like a zillion billion
traffic I wasn't moving this way there's
like nobody going this way it's an alien
situation but the petroleum is gilliam
it's just the traffic is no idea but I'm
all for no Liam traffic no Liam traffic
is the best kind of traffic in the world
it is I tell you this and I can tell you
no lies so I haven't mentioned this yet
but I am because there's so much other
stuff going on I was like why wait looks
closer so but I don't know how many of
you are aware if you're in Ireland
Ireland
well specific if you an are I'm Philip
DeFranco is doing a meet-up to a Dublin
on the 1st of October so if you guys
want to come along to that because
myself an honor shall be there we shall
be present no stealing from 365 days is
also going to be there and there could
be another in a couple of youtubers
gonna turn up and so it might turn out
to be quite a big event well in terms of
the Irish reaching community which is
quite small it actually might be quite a
cool event so I'm keep an eye out for
that obviously you'll see it here cuz
we're gonna be going to India see I'll
be talking about it close our time but I
just thought I would mention that now
first of October st. Stephen's Green in
Dublin we will
also we're probably gonna do a cork meet
up soon enough as well because when
we're doing that discovery Arlen thing
I'm gonna start in Cork obviously so I'm
gonna try and do little cork meetups
along the way I'll do your meetups if
like pretty sure some other places along
the way it'll be like one subscriber or
no subscribers or two subscribers still
I'll do something little like you know
we'll be there at that time sort of
thing and if somebody actually turns up
Ochs if they don't know bottle to me by
no potter to me and we're doing Galway
and Limerick and Donny goal and Belfast
and every single County in the island
people say like are you gonna do
Northern Ireland I'm you gonna do public
Garland
we're gonna do the entire Ireland
Ireland Ireland
there's no borders I don't see no porn -
oh it's all the same thing it's all the
same thing loves we're all on this
island together and I will even leave
this iron because I race against the
iron ions and there's a couple of other
islands off the coast of Ireland and I
must check out also mommy's not here
mommy's gone away oh yeah mommy's done
here guys
mommy's gone here I'm sorry crazy
someone's not here we should stop for a
quick never mmm yeah it's so good you
guys are so cute you know that what am
I'm gonna be home later okay mommy will
be home later okay so I am only just
rendering out the video now write
talking about the teachers and stuff but
there's only four left now so like by
the time this thing even goes live like
are all the shirts gonna be gone and
it's like kind of pointless you know
what I'll leave the link in it and I'll
stick it up just just in case like what
I'm really happy though because if we
get the next four gone today that means
we can ship everything out at the same
time which will make it a lot easier for
everyone and everyone's going to get
them at the same time which is right
let's get this bad boy rendered medium
rendering rendering followed by upload
and upload and followed by reading the
comments share and NVIDIA like Ian and
baby I like a fit my own video yeah
oops I fell asleep for a few hours guys
oh oh just cooking in the bed with my
two little friends and we're all having
the time of my life
gee it's pretty darn warm in here
because the seams are having a heating
yeah no thinking oh I just closed that
one that's all I'm learning just gonna
close that one see how does that feels
right it feels warm it feels nice it
feels good of it what's happening
what Oh No do two hours later what who
who's there hello hello hello
who oh you didn't wake me up early you
didn't wake me up
mm-hmm well I've got your two streets
two sticks all right so I'm making a
late lunch love I think today the Irish
Junior Cert results come out and you
guys did Eugenia sir a guy a genius at
results today or would have been
yesterday for you did you do well did
you how did you do good luck to you sir
and ma'am good luck to you sir and ma'am
I'm gonna go with a mozzarella on the
bottom a little bit of chicken don't you
want to find like a chicken I like a
little bit of chicken but not too much
mr. mozzarella with the cheese or what
that's tomato is the cheese with the
tomato and the rocket is really nice
it's just like
hint of chicken you know yum yum TomTom
never have it this is kind of what I
ended up with my little Pomodoro a
croaker ah ah mozzarella
pollo
magnificent but then they what then day
there's a link in the learning Italian
by the way and I wrap it up to you guys
I'm thinking of learning Italian no time
because I'll say ma'am next year we
should definitely spend a month or so in
sorrento on i don't know i really really
enjoyed the culture we like the culture
I found myself indulging in the culture
I can I can
what I've study a few different language
is not in school you know and I spent
some time in lots of different countries
but I never been a coach you are
actually really I found that like I'm
late for everything the Italians were
late for everything I know I don't like
doing timekeeping Italians don't do
timekeeping it's like it's like what
happens a buzz that whenever the bus man
feels like and I'm like her like that
you know there's never a rush it's very
like what's that bull you buongiorno
that's the thing French is Bonjour but
the time is buongiorno
so so but yeah so I mean you guys speak
Italian bellissimo Java mmm
Bella office no Bell oh no I started to
figure out that a is feminine and O is
the masculine so when you're saying
words like you know Bella or bellissimo
bellissimo bellissimo I was like okay
well that doesn't seem too difficult do
in the a part but I know what I'm sure
there's like really hard grammatical
stuff for us and I was like I don't need
to learn all like the hard grammar stuff
more about because I found after wedding
you know or even just afterwards like
when them on his uncle and Emily and
Emily were like you know talking away to
each other you know I felt kind of like
calm like I can't communicate and I felt
like crap like I had a few different
words but I really wanted to talk right
I talked true Island suffered and they
talk to and I'm like to me and I really
enjoy it and I was like
we cool and when I ask one of the girls
room with a girl that we met in Italy
were in her room we're like oh what's
that another stuff well she's getting
married next year so we're obviously
gonna go to her wedding and I was like
wouldn't it be awesome that this time or
whenever it is next year and he was like
hey what's up that it was not that
latest like me this year it wouldn't be
cool by Isaiah was actually like go up
to like Tony know designer which is
Ana's dad's brother you know and be like
you know high and turn a chat to him
kind of like 'hey we're honest
assistants would not be cool I never
really cool and I'll be awesome I'd love
like done' for our wedding but i know i
didn't feel the incentive i think when
you want to learn something or do
something that's gonna take it you know
xng weren't even incentives to do it
like and i feel that like i think would
be kind of cool to be able to
communicate with someone else I don't
know I hope I keep it up you know I hope
I keep it up you know think I know what
I'm gonna do
then you was there like but hopefully
m-my hair just rosetta stone thing is
supposed to be really good and you guys
ever use rosetta stone it says like it
been a brain and it knows all this
research now so I like that idea
so teaches you how to learn as an infant
where you're first learning a language
or something like that but yeah you need
some comment OHS if you're a regular
language and is that hard it's a hard
language you know sometimes I found
myself when I'm like saying like and
Pomodoro and my arc ruts or made them
like no no German kaput well that's
kaput but you know what I'm like how do
you learn like a language if you have
another language it is your brain like
pink in different ways or something I
don't know I don't know the answer to my
question do you want to see mommy are
you good - mommy please mommy
Xena I'll get the mommy Lucy mommy yes
mommy
mom where's mom not in there I know me
too in the air on me I don't think she's
a human
poppers mom what is mommy oh oh oh
mm-hmm so I just told me that she is
back in so we are going to travel hence
forth with indirection with henceforth
and see if we can show me out bring the
dogs though cuz she always misses oh
because I'm senior would you miss her
too cuz I would oh yeah we're still a
lot of t-shirt O's woah that was like oh
my god
tons it's like five o'clock and Robyn
sold out excuse me I fell over so I had
to put an annotation on the video saying
like okay forget that that guys protect
that's crazy free like that's crazy he's
full of crazy things so yeah that's the
extended version waiting for the nom
noms but look what I found guys yeah
classic Stargate whoa eggs oh and it's
gone I love classic Star Game Oh y'all
look so young it's kind of funny funny
this is funny is it funny like a bunny
like a funny bunny wunny stop panda bear
what you do oh yeah some neck on tight
hmm what's gonna enjoy this little piece
of chicken
why don't you subjective hey guys do you
know some chicken bone huh Oh chicken
skewer
I don't know we make things on Anna we
have another late night Tesco and so
long
we're never in late night esko's anymore
floor-cloth 4 o'clock flashlight
half-priced at all all in one ginger no
all in one green green apple trigger is
this the green apple trigger
I saw the G in the trigger and I took
ginger from it my brain took a shortcut
a shortcut brain I'm stupid hi everyone
I'm stupid now can we go
how about Pecos Batman thinks I'm crazy
I'm crazy
oh come on this way baskets are this way
guys I'm gonna do something it's kind of
Christmasy what I'm about to do and you
may say it's too early to sort of
indulge in this kind of a thing oh we've
lost
we've lost why our daughter it's kind of
cute anyway what I'm gonna do is kind of
Christmasy it's not known for this time
in the year but I feel that I want to do
it I saw it as I came in and I thought I
really want to commit to that idea so
I'm gonna go do it now I've reached a
conundrum in my plan do I go heroes
roses are quality streets how would you
go for would you I think I'd go roses
though
yeah heterotic everything yeah I'm not
gonna go quality but I think I might go
roses these roses are red violets are
blue someday soon I'm going to kill you
hello
