look who's come to visit guys haven't
seen you in ages y'all mm-hmm you
thought you'd forgotten about us tell
you forgotten about us
mmm come on let's get to mom let's get
the pump Ali I was gonna try no he's
good right now he's get to try will you
be Ronnie what do you mean what do you
pay money what do you mean right I
should probably get some clothes on I
gotta call the Popo and see if the
t-shirts have arrived you know we've got
a big day ahead of us 60 t-shirts I have
to post down go bucks
so the t-shirt O's are in Oran someone
who said it's an absolutely massive box
of emptiness but I happen to like Danny
come in this morning in amounts of eight
boxes right sir subjugating but these in
demand by that piace I don't want the
diameters but
just to contents so hopefully that is
the t-shirt owes the pause counter guys
you ready you guys ready to see the box
it was that - what what month Italian
again beaten March okay wasn't he and
lashes on thanks oh yeah hi Kody Scott
what's that stories mm-hmm our mystery
guest Jasper
tober what's the same see now b2
wonderful master firestarter moment that
Jonathan and I don't have Adele YouTube
show follow lies in YouTube so gonna
enjoy this so cute no they're on a
calendar forgot December what are you
hunger the Chocolate Factory I think you
could probably get these on actual pause
website pause dot ie and I'm pretty sure
they're for sale there any wait a minute
yeah paused on a pause not ie that one
there
it's a certain number but I don't know
these available yet they probably are
I'm not sure if they're available or not
yet but go to the website and see if you
can get them don't asking guys holy crap
holy why aren't you I was kind of hoping
that when you're going to Rosa look guys
all the t-shirts came in the heaviest
box in the entire planet it's a heavy
box guys I'm so super excited look Fred
Jimmy what's that oh look at Tony moly
goddess oh I can't see it there it is
you see your first Christmas deck is it
the first Christmas decoration yeah it's
like our first Christmas together
decoration oh thanks Tommy
it's your fancy purple paper and your
own open up a box I took like 20 minutes
to try and get through that I was a
tricky
I was a tricky one folks like what's not
Christmas yet
what we burn in hell always burning in
hell don't rip the box stupid
this is going to top is it a star thing
what's the hiney thing keep that away
from a lien Cena mm-hmm be sure to be
sure
oh look at this card it's another
wedding card and it's from - Theresa -
race I think he gets to race
I like the little finger yeah yeah
that's really cute
she said congratulations on your wedding
thank you okay so we're going to try and
buy the envelopes in the airport it
looks like the airport in here I always
think it's like an airport and you go to
it like this is Genesis departures Oh
caution there caution
this is Omer it says please hold
handrails trimmer I will wrap up let her
hold on dresses I'm like cool which are
like a rule advisor you're not walking
around later and if it's an all-purpose
Oh escalator huge Harold handrails
welcome
just kind of electrocute he has to
letter do you guys get that I'm a Becker
prostatic energy so there's the cards no
this is like the biggest test all
and everywhere is then it's like a
massive one like they used to be like
broken into like two parts that's why I
think of here we were looking for I
think you think was like a winner when
you're like giveaways or something and
we were looking for envelopes and it was
it yeah or Charlet one things were she's
just crawling in her web extensions
there's new extensions please get a
waterproof marker as well or like a
marker that writes on clothing hi guys
so within our mathematics and we need 20
of three packs of these yet so once we
know should we get a charlie
okay it's not 11 all right get some
small ones as well
no they're larger yeah get some small
ones
they'll be fine for the small teacher
yeah I guess they work
are they waterproof yeah oh wait what's
this you have one of those for writing
on permanent marker well this is 90
cents and that's 4 euros yeah see if you
can find a fabric pen that's it guys we
come home we bought every single that
envelope in dijanna so
heavy traffic it's okay she actually
need something it's not just a
willy-nilly here is that right over here
might as well do our shopping hello
but you don't realize for walking around
hey guys we haven't been to a Tesco
which is like a Joseph ever since we
started you can supervisor instead of
Tesco and then we rent enough our
travels and our even mr. Perth
Oh Mike no matter this is the first time
well it's a human
oh my god they're gonna keep on going
one more time now Beatrix - it's the
first time in Tesco as a married couple
are you excited
oh you can expand to future self in the
form of a Barbie there's honest there's
Alby there see John was by that soda
isn't that so cute oh she's Dawson of
dogs notice is that the brat she's too
cool too cool for dogs so it is
currently 20 minutes is past five and we
have not had lunch yet because cheapo
here wouldn't bring me glory oh gee I
really wanted to go to Regine's but no
Liam situation at the moment but it'll
be sorted matter so we're on our way
home - Albie and Seema because they've
been waiting for us like pretty much all
day
good luck though you know you got the
calendar we got all the t-shirts you've
got packaging we've got the markers we
just dropped the counter into mama
Schneider's done it all guys it gonna
roll upon never gotta go home and write
our names 60 times yeah and have lunch
because I'm starving
we in the car the Shane Texas oh and
also we got some yummy lemon tarts for
dinner tonight for euro lemon tarts
better be bloody good holy crap guys a
muscle Fox fold to the brim you guys
what they're the sickest all right
oh my goodness oh my goodness gracious
you guys excited
no I'll be emceeing I have to sit on
every single t-shirt and if and light
packs or something icicles then over
here we have all the things envelopes to
send them all out in give me you liked
it give it his queasy nutjobs oh my
goodness like oh my goodness oh my
goodness I was thinking like well I
brought TV while I actually take all the
t-shirts and actually sign them and
stuff and then we're thinking the
addresses like I always need a hideout
but I'm as soon all the addresses in
here she's gonna write all the addresses
on the envelopes so she'll be privately
and they're doing accessing anyway
second I might be a problem if we're
calling everyone's name and address for
them might be while we am well I put all
the t-shirts into the baggies when that
be that idea
I should probably separate them all out
go into
which ones are which oh my goodness
there's so many are you guys helping you
guys helping in the situation I think
I'll be is involved in packing them
scene is involved in signing them so
what do we got extra large large medium
medium I think they're small small and
they're small I think
okie doke ease okely-dokely luck I got a
paper cut already guys what if you can
see that but it's stinging it's really
sting II out jiwu knees now I know
you're on quality control but it's the
one in here kind of smushed up okay who
wants that one once this one here that
scene is made into a bed zombies this is
obvious little groove here so this is a
large one it's a large one we're going
to sign there anyway COC will be signing
in a few minutes in there right guys
we're gonna get on to the blogger's TVs
now it wasn't his idea
it was Anna's idea all gratitude do you
want to t-shirts here live on blogtv so
if you ordered at each were you
yesterday cuz everybody's here well
hardly anyone's here oh look Carmen's
going next I think everybody's here
sleep packing it up pack it up an a hand
and hawin you guys hanging home because
I didn't say anything about hainan horn
okay so did we know hand and home going
on no I said no I what no stop this is
oops I have okay gee what sometimes I
keep my shelf woohoo and still hainan
horn still hainan whole like there's no
tomorrow
alrighty two down 58 to go oh stop Logan
is itched Oh floppity guys I think we've
established a Suzanne see that we
have sniffed way too much Oh
fumes let me get a little hand-holding
going on I got the hay in the hole and
you guys here don't wanna hear earlier
on for the hand in the horn when again
what a bit of a hand hoe wait for the
micro wait for the micro okay now go
micros ready the micro is ready for you
it is ready for you oh don't forget oh
my god Hannah's ability you think we've
been here for like about four hours okay
and that's all we've managed to do it
feels like it how long have you been
here guys about an hour and all things
managed to achieve is there whoops
I must edit probably that far - I didn't
realize Suzanne unless Suzanne do you
want your address broadcasted all over
the world probably probably not all
right who's next who's next
oh my goodness we're still at it guys
we're getting to it look we're getting
through it
piles of them all done over there ready
to rock and roll
oh nice joint let's go over here we
personalized the ones that were on
blogtv so if you're on blogtv what I got
a little hidey ho but everyone else's
for time restrictions and then we've got
these bad boys ready to rock and roll
I'm so worn out and we're almost done
call em range ship out these are it's
the small pile the medium pile in the
large pile and then we're almost done zo
and I was going to see how many we've
got left and what we'll do is that we'll
find it now how many we've got left and
then I might put them on put them back
live on eBay for like I don't know a day
or two because these are all going to be
shipped out rich maybe tomorrow or the
next day Anna's gone all day tomorrow so
that's quite a lot so I don't think I
can do that in my own zo so what we
might do is you might wait till Thursday
to ship all them out so what we might do
is that if I find out how many got here
and I'm
you know in a few minutes clothes will
add up how many you've got left and then
we might put them on live zero with
zeros but that'd be very limited because
there's I think there's like two large I
think there's like five or six smalls
and then maybe six or seven mediums and
that's all zeros that is it all packed
up ready to go this is the affinity
addresses but this is the u.s. box full
of stuff this is things like the UK and
it's like Ireland well as you can see oh
no these Europe actually took a few in
Germany and stuff but it's America
Canada and the South Korea a one-set
Korean that bought it but we turned out
to have 12 leftover guys can't even see
me is it too dark here so look no that's
a too dark we have 12 left over so I
just popped that on my wait for it boy
first so I just popped this here I'm a
fast book you're gonna pop down and
click in the click and Z click click and
so here we go we have 12 left for 2 days
turned over 15 years
so 15 euros paypal only first-come
first-serve like there's no there's no
like order option you know there's only
6 small for medium and to large if you
missed it last time they're available
there I put it up for 3 days maximum but
I kind of hope it doesn't go to the
stretch of three days because I want to
ship these out so yeah if you're
interested I will leave a link below or
a thing you link but more than likely
it'll be a link below because the thingy
link the thingy link you can click on it
and sometimes you just want to click on
the eye I enjoy a good clicking do you
like to click things
