so pretty three I like your scarf it's
like a university scarf it's like an
autumn university person who's doing
racing winter mm-hmm your hair's like
Kearney today losers
it's like a fun ride actually is it he
just woke up like that where is your
weapon did you guys Jenny you guys have
one of these things they're crazy they
go up to like whenever the cameras ready
they go up to like five million degrees
they're like melt your face off you got
you see like the smoke rising from her
hair I was like oh my god what are you
doing
also we've done this because there's a
hurricane outside
oh let's trick I've heard Bob doing some
I think some elect me lyrics on the
commenter's ciao bellissimo bellissimo I
always make that mistake okay it's very
good to get him he's not a lady
let you pop them okay that's not working
flying comes why which me he I take off
my hoodie kids no no no hair is
protruding from it or something
something like that is it this one
what kind of hairs wait this is what I
wore last time I cut them that's my call
of duty top oh my God look at it
oh goodness drivin to an amber light
drive him to remember like a run over
the man did not write over the bad guys
I ordered is totally awesome amazing
invention but across a zillion billion
euros because worth it it's like a it's
like a clamp device tripod swivel kit
thing it's something they talk into the
guys it's okay its second over what so
yeah it's like a it climbs to the front
of your windscreen like here or it can
climb out sites what they use in the
movies yo because we're that weird that
cool we need movie stuff yo so it's like
a big movie tripod you thing that locks
onto vehicles or anything you want that
moves really fast so it has a swivel on
as well as feels like vlog in here and
switch around cuz thinking like when
we're discovering Ireland
oh hello Ireland nice to be discovered
will and I can't be holding they tried
to be camera and stuff are using our
little traveling tripod thing which
essentially is hair bands attached to
the rear view mirror so that's not
really professional you know so I was
like no gotta get the right tools yo so
yeah I sold all my computer games
good night but yeah so that's hopefully
the guys shipping out from the UK I
couldn't find it in Ireland anywhere I
hope this guy knows what I'm doing he
does so yeah hopefully it's gonna be
here in the next day or two and I'm
gonna stick it onto the car we're gonna
have an official life we're gonna be
like movie stars whoa whoa we're coming
like movie stars even how does it make
you feel all because I have a traveling
tripod I didn't know what it's got
suction tripod device system thingy it
also works in the outside of the car so
that could be actually interesting you
know Oh more text massage the text
massage outside subway again a subway
melted cheese because that's tastiest
one it's Anna's little tiny one
I want a manly one for one
so you can click on yeah yeah can I get
a full Italian herbs and cheese wait a
subway melt yes take away
Smith
some cucumbers
Jonathan won't allow meeting it now no
those loonies is a very specific order
because the sweet chili sauce drips
everywhere whatever
drip drop you're so fussy we should get
a picnic table actually Oh God
Jonathan isn't fussy he's just like a
weirdo I don't I eat with my hands every
time you use your hands
yeah no but like you know I try and
avoid it you know what we haven't been
in ages Nando Nando we got to learn
later
you wanting you think Armas guys gettin
end us we just went so quick yeah subway
for dinner
no no Sarah we are trying to avoid
cooking food we can't miss that stupid
thing turns cold hands cold food because
our stupid gas is taking like a million
years to get back on just because some
idiot that lived in our place before us
everyone of us looks like a bicycle just
because the people that lived in our
house before us didn't pay their gas
bill so they put a lock on the gas and
the gas company that we're with is the
different one to the one that they were
with so it but even though like look
they won't take off the stupid lock and
they won't
like reopen our gas or whatever the hell
you supposed to do it is so annoying
rounding start we don't have yeah but we
don't have any heating we don't know if
gas we don't have our galaxy don't have
we can't cook on our stove and we don't
have other things hot water hot water
week oh my our showers are fine showers
are electric so that's why at least we
neighborhood shower all this time but
like when I am like doing like we have a
dishwasher so I don't have to do the
washing up but if I'm like Washington
like challengers and stuff like that I
don't have any hot water so it makes it
extremely difficult it's so annoying and
like my mom is not cheap because when
you kind of say it out loud it sends a
lot and actually sounds really really
bad like it is really bad but it's just
that we kind of got used to it or
something and then we're away for
obviously the week and that's why it's
kind of a bit slower but like even so
it's very very slow process like a lot
slower than I thought concern plus they
said that it's like 79 euros to reopen
the connection or whatever and like
we're not gonna pay that suppose on you
miss we're not gonna pay that because
like it's not our fault that they didn't
pay their bail plants the police came
looking for the people that lives in our
house before but it's like with like
knocked in the door right they were
ready to arrest I was like the SWAT team
came and there was like guys and you had
like a red rose like like buying
Illinois ba-ba-boom we're like what the
hell I was like right it was like
whatever his name was to me and I was
like no it was like what are our I know
really aggressive you mind like the rest
warrants and stuff when I was like oh
yeah yeah logging from jail it's scary
but not that we live in a bad area or
anything we don't is that same things
happened once well and we were living in
Turkey the same thing happened we were
in donkey and
things I thought seem to happen to a lot
of people actually because I remember
when that happened I said something like
on Twitter is the thing and lot of
people said that happened to them too
so obviously whenever we're leaving this
place we totally don't need to pay the
gas bill or anything let's say we'll get
it shut off just before but this really
sucks as well because our stupid non
choices oh yeah we have not given us
everything choices yeah Teresa will not
give us back our deposit back
our Don will not give us back our
deposit it's been like almost two months
now they won't give it back because we
paid everything we paid but like we are
being caught out for doing the right
thing I'm holding a terrible yeah on
both sides first of all we paid all of
our gas and electricity bills all the
time that we were there but the company
that we're with will not send us like
they were they're supposed to send us a
closing letter but we still haven't
gotten it yet we've gotten about 12
welcome letters a no closing letter and
that's what choices say they need to
give us back our deposit but it's like
insane it's like we couldn't use our
deposit to pay our deposit on this place
like we had to use our own money for
that
not really sucks and then we're being
caught out on the other end because the
previous end in this place didn't pay
the gas bill so it's like really not
fair it's kind of making me feel like
never paying anything ever again just
leaving and just leaving places just
like either way it's the people that
play it's the people that do the right
thing they get caught it then it's not
fair no issues every time we leave a
place right we'll give you guys the
address don't rent it yeah yeah but only
you guys don't know cuz I don't want to
screw you guys over but I'll screw
nonsubscribers over who did that did you
knock that over Abby did you knock that
over did you turn it over did you knock
that over oh my god was that that tree
there you know where we have been in
ages we must correct this right away
should we correct this right away what's
in there so it's wrapped in bacon
stop bacon all right so cute oh I give
out the husband okay guys ready you
gonna mind the house you're gonna mind
the house you're gonna mind the house
good girl
- Albie oh look at that huh is that
tasty let's go guys check it out it's a
bit of a shepherd's delight
he said look Oh red sky at night equal
shepherds delight no it's not quite as
good yeah I could blog through my eyes
if you guys if I could just upload my
eyes or I could like how would you ever
tell God like imagine you'd see
everything the detail is awesome no
check out though
what kind of lens have I got my eyes
it's amazing it's like Sun or a morphic
for whites the kid just thinks well I
didn't even know what millimeter does is
amazing don't stop a rooney's guys he's
always walk down there miss it I'll go
on the Tesco or we're not recording
which is kind of a task oh it's in
Tuscola it's below test or land so it is
red sky at night Shepherds delight and
that means that it's gonna be nice I
think red sky in the morning is chef or
morning wide when you cover up with this
stuff so basically when you see the
shepherd's pie tonight y'all it's just
visa it's gonna be nice tomorrow and if
it's red sky in the morning it's a
warning
I've never seen a red sky in the morning
yeah what kind of morning we're at like
6 o'clock morning I have a bad morning
that's why oh whoa it's gotten red
tzer's checking Z out in Zeo
oh it's gone white I kinda you lose the
impact to the lens guys but it's a lot
better looking than that it's like
totally odds
oh yeah chief you gotta turn off 240
you're losing everything you're missing
you're missing the whole quest I don't I
don't shine pen EDM t-shirt those are
coming tomorrow so that's gonna be a
long day
trying to package you rackets them all
up it's gonna be a fun time somewhere
else fish likes you know her cross yes a
nice thing to do
how's it going no probably way to
broaden take your time take your time he
hates I'll be hates these two guys right
he just he would know wouldn't he would
know Kobe down the road he has no
windows like no way of sorry he used to
have no way of seeing like at all and he
just start barking just know
- he thought forbid you lift him up and
let him see he just would go in just
went insane he hated them so much you
know if you like pick him up and Shawn
and there's like a dog there he would
just go chest oh and then you bite you
at this time ah that's my car that's a
handy parking space I made that every
time there's a chiropractor on play it's
like my thing it's like what I do what I
do you say like what you do and I go I
make the joke about the car being parked
in the shopping mall that's what I do
but all these people like just standing
around so are like Lloyd ring
I do like his cardigan Oh what is this I
see before me let us can empty certainly
does she put us in this massive big
table here and I was kind of like 40
what are you kind of say it I'm gonna
need so much food that I'm gonna need
like eight seats this is kind of nice
actually because tonight's view behind
us what we're gonna get they change
anything
whoa butterfly chicken breast tumor they
change that cuz they never had that
before and any introduces do we have the
anonymous card things
doesn't like to let someone who's nano
cards but he's ever brought any back now
Oh crumbly bumps so he decided we're
gonna get the winning clapper it's out
of here where to live fries Jack zeroes
any those complications in our life
funny I don't like about this place is
now I have to go to exercise you have to
bring one of these things with me no
that's not our work is that on your
table number
Table eight this place was because the
board has been seized for like
jam-packed remember like I think in the
blogs you guys wrote back in a daily
stuff like those cues up at like tune-up
inside the door only behind us now it's
places like that's like almost empty
like comparator then house for novelty
wore off
pork sell em the Amana fries they
brought us I'm like oh my god there's no
way we can eat that many fries so what's
that another plate to massive plate
surprise and we decide to get there the
wing planner which is just 10 wings yeah
and you guys want that plate of chips
because there's no waves in the Hosie oh
I'm going to finish that to Nando's one
one chicken wing left chips a stuff Tina
just Joe facilities realized planet 88
is on like 15 minutes upstairs we can
see that
we just realize it's kind of like date
night we'll call this date night you've
gotta keep it in a minute okay there I
hit the residue but how do you want to
finish to play the chips now you gotta
finish these ones come on get to work
chop-chop
so you haven't you guys seen plan it out
to ops and that's really fandom so yeah
we're gonna go watch that and see I just
think I might really Saturday and I
think I'm I'm not gonna do it in front
of humans I'm gonna move him for the
Aged squeezes I don't know you guys seen
it is it good well actually I'm gonna
know in a few minutes oh well that's
where I like using the high-tech gadgets
good luck any new films coming
that's actually really funny guys the
guard the net yeah will actually be on
our on our discover Ireland tour we're
going to be going through the town where
the guard will fill them so if you've
seen regard and you're like okay let's
purchasing to Coco's Oh
rise of the apes this one true adults
process boom boom it's an actual gelato
I'm just not interested even though
they're trying to say that it's amazing
ice cream I actually saw you eat gelato
I'm sorry
Tyrol okay so get the person for me film
but like there's a little donkey in it
it's a hobby I'm acting Joe oh look at
you say I wasn't listening for let them
make a new thing for oh no did you
started it so finally aids is awesome
guys do you like it yeah yeah but I'm
totally rooting for the Apes to hallway
to it that's what I was not the silly
humans downward to humans by a belt yeah
I love the main ape he's kind of cute
here's the kind of a personality I can
I'm like you want one out isn't this
like a little baby one like we know what
to start did you see that and he's like
a little baby
I remember leaves escaping from the cage
you're like that's what I've been Cena
do whom we're not at home like Cena puts
a little Paul I can unlock things like
really but there's a really sad moments
as well like you don't need bring him to
the bad place and the guys to be made to
him was like that one happened a B and C
not some kennels
that's where he dressed in the news as
far as you know as I breaking out and
giving all illness dogs which is mind
them all tweets and stuff like the
cookies in training them but all yeah
it's really it's not some bookish Pookie
inside inside
in soccer oh it was actually a supernova
happening at the moment and you can kind
of see it sometimes but the moon is
about bright plus there's lots of clouds
everywhere but I'm going to get out to
telescope because I was looking at last
night and it is totally awesome
plus you really get to see a supernova
telescope and try and see if you guys
can see it too morning so you guys can
actually see because it's actually way
too bright hold on a second it's wait
this the moon was way too bright outside
so there's no way you can see it but I
can actually have a little peep here and
you can actually see it up there now I
know you can't see anything right now
what I'm gonna try and put the camera
inside here and see if you guys can
actually see the supernova I'm like am I
really good to you know my kids come on
dad okay kids now you be careful no
actually the supernova I don't know if
you guys can see this it's gonna be
really really small almost a little dot
somebody working okay
let's go outside in the frozen cold
maybe you guys can see it I don't know
he just itches I can see it you did kind
of stop like but the cameras just not
picking up but it's really hard to try
and like get the camera and fiddly did
live but I'm gonna go outside and see if
I can see it guys that's it they're not
the house that's incredible you guys see
it down
man can you see that's the supernova
there and that cell awesome
keep it up pull it across look it's the
moon maybe it is size difference like a
bright that isn't this guy
you know if you see it twinkling that's
so awesome
can you can you appreciate that
so I switch to yeah this cameras you
guys guys you see it but okay I'm frozen
crows and frozen lasagna my little
shorty you people but it was not awesome
you guys you see it twinkling and
everything mr. universe is an awesome
place
