today for something different in the
video we've decided to take part in to
Judith's creative fun living challenge
and we are doing a competition between
the girls Amelia and mommy versus daddy
and Eduardo and destroys play maybe I'm
not partly oh he's up hit the thumbs up
one is team and Eduardo is that you
ready yes I won already
what about you guys are you ready baby
we're not putting back water soaks up
the cold water with your head
what kind of fun
you already head on ha
wait
on the ground
you know
laughs
running breath
we're currently winning hungry we're
currently winning hard girls getting on
oh good he's spending way too much time
decorating a face you are told you look
at all
then take your head back home okay yeah
Amelia it is me mr. Klain ID oh my god
we're up top it's tiny one that we could
you tell my laughs boy this is that more
than characterized version of Eduardo
really was lost
Hey look sweetie good till it could see
I mean it business I'm like this um
there's this like an iPod
yeah kind of just let guys dad you made
an odd spot
well when somebody killed my original
one everywhere
the unit yeah you met everyone
well
thank you
I say
no he's shy
yeah all right now it's got the eyes on
some lists then basically what it water
looks like kind of I think needs like a
half of something I did have a hot here
in your ears what somebody not going to
new name question no we recently painted
our living room with you look CD
campaign which is why we decided
stupidest because it doesn't matter how
much mess we made
any prints from scuffs and stain and
water started no no no it's a very house
Eduardo I wasn't even your eyes yes
where you like your average humans
living it play all together and not
worry about getting things dirty or not
being able to get things off this room
is the one that gets too messy so the
paint has stain repellent technology it
would sweat off okay we're just moving
everything everything across your
judging pages
don't worry is it someone's got a
headless Oh but once our headless
okay so we've common city um we do this
alright it's okay I think okay what um
just put it on there everything will be
okay once why Megan oh geez like the
time is up time is up you're not allowed
in the baking shows when the time is up
it's over all right guys we're about to
show you the finished item and then you
guys get to vote in the comments below
of who you think won okay but also send
me what do you say you guys what me
no I did the first one but it's wired or
broke it on me
I was sabotage
if you guys take part in the hashtag fun
living challenge make sure to hit me up
on Twitter or make youtube videos or do
it yourself get involved in a challenge
well we know you guys just make us see
what are we're going to see now who's
going to be the winner and this is an
amazing thing to do guys during the
summer holidays when the kids are at
home when you need when it's raining it
is actually raining today as well it's
raining the kids are at home and we need
an activity to do this is the one to do
it but I would recommend painting your
walls first with digital Kenzi care
otherwise it might go terribly wrong
first off progress eduardo x'
masterpiece eduardo come this way and
show me your masterpiece please
Eduardo's masterpiece is here who can
you talk me through what you've done
here so does he have a name no he
doesn't have a name I like that you've
actually made it part of the wall hello
oh it's a wall man
oh well that's it do you want to talk me
through your motivation behind this
piece is there a story here no it's just
a one-off Eduardo spectacular piece okay
for team Anna and Amelia here we go
my name is what's my name medium my name
is Amelia Wow
I media come in beside it let me check
the likeness correct
I know the case oh yeah tell me what
else have you guys yeah it's got a tiara
sunflower mm-hmm
I love it a necklace bracelet Oh would
you read obesity can be like oh this one
yeah for still on this one and it is a
little feet turn mm-hmm okay I like it I
like the eyes all he's got what are you
putting little shoes on her little
purple shoes whoa small shoes you got on
there all right so we move on you go two
nails or anything else you
and it painted toenails is there
anything else you'd like to say about
your wonderful piece here an individual
toenails yes come on right Claud well
the whole thing is the vision she was
lovely and then he goes oh I think it
looks cool I think it's really good guys
moving on to Daddy's horn what this is
my well it turned into the van Dogbot
array I originally made an Eduardo but
then he's got his he's got ears like
Eduardo he's got I see sticking his
tongue he's wearing a tie cuz his
business mode but he's got like
bracelets on as well since he's like
also a lot of fun I didn't do his
toenails like you guys did your toenails
I was going to start making a little dog
here but it ran out so guys leave
comments below are you fourteen one team
names over yourself baby green or you're
green and live team okay you're Green
Team yeah believe calm oh whatever
oh I didn't realize that okay so Green
Team leave your votes below of your
green team leave comments below if you
are the blue team and we'll see who wins
did you have fun did you have fun
Romania I like to paint her nails you're
painting her nails again are excited to
be okay quickly fought without changes
and there is no telling some exciting
news friends because julep wants to see
you enjoying fun living too and they
have an amazing competition that could
see you winning a room or a home easy
care maker worth 5000 pounds switch
winter share your body living pictures
and videos on the juleps UK Facebook
page and remember to use the hashtag fun
living and Tigers to now that all the
fun is done
you know I'm going to show you how good
the easy care it so you can see here or
leave marks that we're up from the clay
we just got a bit of water look at that
okay Eduardo's work the barbecue I feel
bad look at that whitening up you're
messing up your resurrection sticker I
know that's amazing
well you know me too it's already done
thanks for watching the video friends
don't forget to vote down to the old
team green or team blue here you think t
greener Team Blue Team Blue
no it's judge team blue team do you only
keep keeping are going to get up great
is that
wait why'd you stop it boss I didn't
know it
