this is what you do on a Sunday morning
folks sit yourself down
get yourself a cute little puppy like so
get yourself a couple of mates and shoot
some zombies yeah it's important between
games to take a quick a quick stretch
quick stretch probably want to find a
loved one hello loved one love one kiss
what love you and then you just go back
into play morning that's not works close
the door no because the loved one
doesn't like that puppy you coming in
okay let's get to it sometimes Rory to
make sure you get a pee pees you gotta
run around a bit with come on guys it's
freezing come on boy boy Albie gonna go
peepees go peepees now jeez he's gone
for tomorrow no good bothered by that
please daddy nicely nice and tightly
they can shake hand to hand
oh yeah use no cheats you guys want some
Cheetos did sit lie down lie down lie
down no okay huh we need to take out the
incentive first I don't really like this
huh guys this deli crumbly ham I don't
really like it at all so we're going to
use that as our incentive all righty
rules for eating Stevens even Stevens no
no lb sit good boy Alvey Xena sit good
girl Xena just good boy heavy good girl
Xena is a plentiful now if I 24 and
don't be greedy because nobody wants a
greedyguts Oh a matter of time now till
I have some more mature Kofi
well that's such a Sunday that's it just
Sunday we love you guys
she's very busy at Matt's you guys are
busy at Matt's oh it's kind of warm in
here it's nice from the computers around
you kind of warm and warm it everything
up it now I'm going to sit right down
write myself a letter it's not a do you
want mm-hmm do you anything I want in
that big all of that even want to get up
but I gotta cook at my Josie in a minute
who wants to go walkies huh who wants to
go walkies put your new bandana huh
you guys look so cute huh see here one
Oh pink for the girls I see you Albie
oh you're so cute Albie don't you love
it don't you love your little mecha
chief that auntie Emma got you that's
from Long Island isn't it so cute huh do
you love it do you love it we go we go
come on guys
Toby come on okay look so cute you look
so cute come on come on good boy Gina's
a tease
Cena's a tease she's a little girl
little pink lady that's the only that's
actually that's right colors her aura
matches everything pink does it think
lady try what do you do knobby
I'll be happy the Hurricanes happening
folks it's hurricanoes over here
hurricane analogy all goodness some
serious breaking is going on
hurricane I'll come over that song song
by Bob Dylan called hurricane can't
remember right now so sing it look what
I'm wearing
okay a leopard berry hat it's pouring
rain have a leopard wool wool cardigan
Wow three skinny jeans black boots
petroleum let's name and shame him hey
ww yo wwr can you see them but anyways
what the hell is that is it winter you
gonna come help me beat the man up beat
the man up
that's beautiful old man - it's not
funny you might hear and get scared
where's dad what's daddy doing don't
they look so cute with their little bows
I think so I had their bandanas on our
near boat we took them off because they
didn't want them to get wet although you
see it's - it's not cold enough for them
to have their winter coats on like that
will kind of come when the snow and
everything comes but it is pretty okay
it is pretty chilly I don't know if you
heard that it was like a gust of wind
but the rain as long as I was like but
anyways yeah oh we're having involtini
tonight which is so good like oh my god
I'm actually my mom hasn't made it in
like years like years and years and
years
like I'm crazy welcome to myself bye you
guys
she hasn't made it in years and it's
basically if you don't know it's
supposed to be veal but we never use
feel because we don't even feel so we
use beef it's like hammered down so it's
really flat and thin and then you roll
it and you put all this stuff inside
like raisins are my favorite pine nuts
parsley bacon like pancetta cheese I
think just like a load of stuff inside
and the old man is trying to figure out
the pay the you know where you can pay
automatically at the pump anyways so and
then you what you have is you have the
pasta first in the past I've cooked in
the sauce of the actual involtini needs
but it's so good you have to be there
you have to come I have to come along
but um I can't believe this wintry oh
I'm using my my new bag look so yeah I'm
very happy about that and yeah I'm
wearing was a wintery outfit on us well
it's not actually somewhere anymore it's
autumn now isn't it but I feel like it's
summer because we just came back from
Italy and we got married in like a
really really sunny place so it really
feels like it just went from one extreme
to the other like very very fast but I
guess if we hadn't left here although
we're only going on for a week oh my god
it's storming out there no oh she say
would we be this shocked by the weather
probably not well the same time I
remember like my I was really like
Standells and like well you guys can
come live in joe faso world you want to
book tickets for joe FAFSA world i have
gone great he was trying to figure out
the
hey-ya the automatic yes I love the
automatic I'm all for I'm a former
tinker I'm ready for the future okay
it's like what the hell's going on poor
little thing
it's okay guys okay it's okay without
there okay don't be scared just the rain
okay okay okay okay maybe it's something
to do with being inside the tunnel but
maybe it stopped raining when we get out
the other side of town
what do you guys think is it still
raining or has it stopped raining here
we go
is it raining is that ready is it
stopped raining no it's still right why
is the world round like I wonder what of
all the people on one side of the world
ran to one corner with our weight sort
of like leaver the world over and then
all of a sudden you've got the good
weather because I mentioned to some
people sitting out in Cali California or
Texas is on the narrow line come on man
are too cold
where we go swap see it's like a swap
seats but we could like boat they don't
get like Beaufort swap seats but just
give you a quick downpour of rain we can
have a bit of sunshine dry ourselves up
a little Sun Tan okay I'm ready to bring
it Shh
and press back in if you about that done
please thank you miss mochi mochi this
coupon how do you make football
we go now what is it what do you call it
again Deenie it has a little knife in
the front of it see I'd be careful in
eating it in volcania plus a plate of
pasta and a raccoon is it tasty what's
in it
throw me up buttercup
grazie prego and I have some ice cream
because there are 11 cream cream who
needs a dishwasher when you've got
Maltese puppies we turned that around
Pina you can get the good stuff you go
back to work any winter and so I think
Erika was watching like the x-factor or
something right and she's obviously
positive but look at Kelly Rowland as
it's paused like can you even see
all right I was trying to do something
there all right hold on we're gonna have
to go inside stay excuse me excuse me
no stay there what's the head um pause
look what I just saw that from the other
side around I was like thinking it's not
so funny I just saw that from inside hi
I'm Nikki and I can't even see you Hey
no good kitty cat right time for some
copper rapper territory
yes I put the water in first we don't
want to make those mistakes don't even
take it out I did take it out you see
the copy flowing added thingy no no no
and was your new invention right you get
yourself your thingy and you get a big
pile of ice cream just sort of plop it
in that's authentic Italian authentic
Italian coffee and ice creams a nice mix
house sure it's working out there yeah
yeah you think guys am i trending am i
cool this is actually stay on well I
don't stay what do you think you like it
what are you trying to get his every
support like my beardy you like my
barony his new beauty o me
Abey Abey sniff is on here I brought in
all this stuff as well
nobody's get it occur like that's like a
grunt
I better get all this stuff okay we're
all ready for the storm we're gonna
finish strong
we're gonna need to get into the bunker
guys down to the bunker
oh yeah put that out cause the storm
chairman this is a storm close this
because of the storm poses because of
the storm okay crazy because of the
storm
