yeah first another like package might go
oh really all right yeah all right
that's awesome all right thanks a lot
all right nice you guys hear that
whoa because they never shipped them out
we were away which way daddy got home I
was like no I thought you're gonna ship
them and they're like well we just
wanted you to confirm someone else I
know the peoples have waited so you say
he's gonna shoot my Monday which means
it should be him Tuesday which means
anything at the envelope and hopefully
I'm gonna get them straight out on
Wednesday I applaud your patience that's
me applauding your patience and even
though and we're still short like 15
people haven't paid or something you
know which is like what I'm just well so
what we'll do is them then you get all
the shirts here right I'm gonna package
them all up which is hopefully Wednesday
so everyone in Ireland should might even
get them on Thursday um like it's only
gonna in Ireland she'd be pretty quickly
and then the UK could even be Friday and
then Central Europe could be Monday
America could be 2015-2016 I don't know
depends on how long the birds flight but
at yes I hopefully we're gonna ship that
out and I'm so excited but once I have
them all once you've got rid of them all
I'll have em they're obviously the ones
left that people haven't paid for so
they're here now so what I might do is
that if you wanted one but you missed
out of something out we might try and do
something like them because they're here
now so like it'll be really quick though
you know obviously like if you get them
I don't know we'll see how main is left
over because I just feel like I'm like
wait a second there's gonna be loads
left over cuz like 50 million papers I
got an extra 10 just in case that's 25
extra but guys thank you for your
patience I'll be making it bad in my
clothing I'll be why are you making a
bed in my clothes mm-hmm okay so I'm
just went through all the comments from
yesterday's vlog right and this
what we have so far right some of these
might repeat but I was just like copying
and pasting so this is where so far
these are the places that people have
suggested to go through or these place
we would want us to go to wanted to
check out so make sure to leave us
comments on this video or better I'll
put them on like Facebook or Twitter or
maybe the last video I don't know but
just make sure I get to it okay so
Limerick Wicklow National Park Guinness
brewery castles or something historic
kiss the Blarney is going stoned scone
I'll leave the scone driving is scary 1
track road places along the coast
castles anything in Ireland hills and
cliffs Bell Arnie stone Slane Castle
Blarney Stone more Dublin Cork show me
everything show Cork in Dublin Rock of
Cashel Aran Islands old stuff castles
and castles can people like castles is
there like a castle in Ireland must be
Baltimore and kills sane when I see a
leprechaun we'll try and hook that up I
never seen one Cliffs of Moher Dublin
City standard Tony girls like oh go away
something to do Guiness Blarney visit a
haunted spooky location they'll be kind
of fun wouldn't it we should work that
out so that happens on Halloween Aran
Islands at Killarney candy Kelly candy
candy candy carry the rock of cashel
Connemara Portrush and then Giant's
Causeway and then Reed rope bridge not
sure what that is Khloe and Karie tour
of spike island Killiney Blarney Castle
bunratty castle cliffs of moher aran
islands Dublin Castle Wicklow National
Park connemara countryside Cliffs of
Moher
Neolithic sites such as drum bag stone
circle and Newgrange they'll be awesome
actually imagine we got there Jenna
solstice oh my god really
where about if you grew up as kids Loch
Ness monster look I don't think we're
gonna find Loch Ness monster in Ireland
he's in Scotland meaning it's 2,500
square metre labyrinth ooh
25 climbers in Dublin that sounds
awesome and luckily in Kanani National
Park any of my old towns and clock
gating y'all
gap of dunloe and Killarney and
cleanie-cleanie Dublin Grafton she
recommended blarney castle
visit the gala talk area I'd be awesome
at Glendora and cork go to Hanes and get
Berliners lunch with Alan our hens
in court let's contrive the Rolling
Hills can you go to Northern Ireland
Skellig Island or climb character Hill
Hills a terrible Oni castle Blarney
Stone burn college of art architecture
or landscape or just can't go west coast
beaches Dingle palencia Irish pubs Ring
of Kerry Giant's Causeway Aran Islands
Dingle INSEAD Cliffs of Moher
Valentina island and the Skellig
Southwest tower of bunratty Bernardi
folk park Carrick red rope bridge
Newgrange blend Zia Valentina islanding
ma cross housings loads and loads but
I'm with something there that you guys
want that I didn't mention make sure to
leave some comments so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna build up a list then
obviously on the map we're gonna use
pins and we're gonna I'm not using this
map to travel with okay
just everyone up I'm using my phone okay
it's got a perfectly good GPS system on
it so we're gonna pinpoint all the
locations on the map so I'm gonna try
and get everyone to build up as many as
we have and then we're gonna pinpoint
them all over the map and then we're
gonna hook there but I'm gonna make a
schedule a schedule schedule and then
we're gonna hit the road jack we're
probably going to come back no what do
you got me is it a plan shorted me read
him your bows oh is the cutest boy in
the world
oh look at this guys love coupons and
they really cool that I show you you
guys remember right you show these but
they're so cool look you just open it up
here right love coupons
clover and the Lloyd here good for tree
lottery tickets of your choice if you
don't run anything love everybody knows
coping for a handwritten note your
parting expressing their love for you
redeem this coupon for a special treat
your partner will recreate your first
stage the Valentine's prepare is the day
of your hearts and flowers
any day acceptors oh that's crazy that
what is this coupon is good for
one meal prepared by your partner your
kiss you can mind reading the sculpt of
one kiss you tweak it to makes disk open
and title coupon entitles the holder for
one type rising back rub
I forget the breakfast is bad for treats
in bed any time in a day
oh cool excuse on even have entire day
which do everything for you oh I like
that one I mean that murder was hide
that one Amina bubble-bath adventure a
weekend away
table for two you licious michael - oh
man it was that so funny isn't it isn't
that so funny what am i just like throw
the entire book at Adam you're like I
want it all and I want it now right
I have to get some freaking jofi yo mama
style idea being the best most Allah in
the world look we came home for and she
gave me this yesterday it was the best
poppy in the world it is the best coffee
in the world is my favorite coffee in
the world
although that one time someone sent us
Starbucks coffee and um you guys
remember what flavor was do you mind
more flavor that Starbucks coffee was no
no idea but that was amazing ah it was
like awesome on that was totally awesome
that was the only coffee I've ever
tasted that compared after the coffee
roaster coffee because the one day the
Starbucks coffee get here we only have
like two choices it's like in house or
something in ground blue I don't know
but yeah she said just one a aromatic or
I don't know what it was I don't know
what it wasa know what do we mr. Popo
yesterday and the Popo closes on a
Saturday at like 12:00 hurry so we
missed Albion teams calendar so
hopefully we can check that out on
Monday but I don't think they're
available yet I'm not sure they might be
available to pre-order somewhat cool
when do you buy twenties well I don't
you do boy it'd be kind of silly to buy
a calendar next year when it is that
year some when do you buy calendars
but it's like December or something yeah
isn't it yeah yeah you kind of still
need to buy it next year cuz anybody
well the years already gone well yes
they're probably gonna be on sale soon
enough anyway but I'm you know we'll
check it out you know we'll check out
the texture the quality you know give it
a good review you study bite of the
doggies out where were walking head
monkeys huh
I know what you daddy huh we're gonna go
to the old stomping ground that's not
like as I like to refer it as as set
apart blah blah blah although it is
SuperDuper windy guys so but normally
happens to the SuperDuper windy day is I
blog loads then tomorrow and I'm editing
it it's all like
and I cut it all out so this may or may
not cuts to the walkies because I will
be focused but it may not make it into
the final cut
maybe there's a director's look up
director's cut maybe this is our first
time here as a married couple and
everything we do everything we do
because it's forever forever Ajanta long
for Everest
Oh God you see everything is so pretty
on the walk know what's living in a
Disney World or everything you do like
when you turn around like wow like birds
fly out of the sky everyone sings
everything to go to a plant like nice
plant hi my name is plein de gonna be
cool yeah maybe a crazy world to live in
that just seems like crazy enough for
job as a world is it your toy is this
your toy was it talking recently and
Sina is it toy sina sina sorry sorry
Sina story
okay girl ball it's so much fun
although I think the ball is more fun
for me because for the dogs because I
like roll it and they don't get it and I
like bouncing run along
bouncing run along hmm this place I know
hater self lies the end up eating you
know the edible flies don't like the
edible flies would she get them flavors
turn out not to be windy at all what a
weird angle for a vlog at ease when you
don't have like a canoe or something in
there hey no one's like she said on the
list if you guys checked out the list on
Facebook wait I read it this morning but
it got a lot longer as today as the rest
but M nobody's mentioned to Shannon oh
yeah I've been trying to get out oh I've
been trying to get Anna to rent a boat
in a Shannon like an emerald star yeah I
suppose my dad has his own boat as well
come on guys skip Bennet jump a hop skip
and a jump
I'll see you've got the pink ribbons on
I was like no thanks I'm ready to go
home
Carly go go
oh god she's crazy she's crazy
okay made it oh the Ducks are gone Nick
they figured out oh yeah smudge caught
one again didn't he goin goin goin
bye-bye punch
why hey why is really cute he's in love
with Albie he couldn't bear be apart
yeah you going here to the ball oh good
boy good boy he picked it up - hey he's
so happy with himself give it to dad
give it to Daddy give it to Daddy
oh my god John's gonna be careful
yeah I know lazy boy I'll be got it I'll
be guarding the coil V oh my god oh my
god oh my god I'm so weird was flying a
breath it was like really low he's
playing really no you seem like nipping
around there oh my goodness guys really
freaky so you guys ever get behind that
little bush oh my goodness hey what's up
freaky because we're like there's like
coming towards there's like dancing
around I just back from my walk and my
mom just lived like kind of nearby so
we're supposed to come to her for dinner
tomorrow sorry
we're supposed to go to her Hertz for
dinner tomorrow
but this morning here this morning I
texted her and I was like oh is it today
or tomorrow cuz we weren't sure she had
said Saturday or Sunday and she was like
oh tomorrow so we're gonna call in to
her and we're gonna be like hey so soon
they're ready and tricker and then she's
probably gonna be like her face is
probably gonna drop and she was really
so our plan work the treat but we're too
late
we didn't get any dinner oh we've got
this but you know we're just in time for
you know we're just in time for oh yeah
some cherry pie fun plan was a go liam
everyday stop the presses guys did you
know there is a hurricane coming what
we're gonna be hurricane chasers no my
friend joke but look huge hurricane
alert hardened Hurricane Katia he's
coming oh boy she's coming to Ireland
glads and I don't think she's got a
passport but it's in a hundred and sixty
kilometer winds roeser's I think it's up
in Donegal and down to Galway and I
think we'll get at like 100 miles an
hour to court that's still a lot though
but oh my god and you guys didn't like
the galway or the legal area like it's
like they're they don't tell you because
I didn't know about this Stila mama
stylers she works part-time as a yeah
weather person but it was on the
independent daddy I didn't see an aura t
news or anything this is crazy oh yeah
hurricane coming to Ireland
I remember in 1987 the last hurricane
her my dad my parents brought I said the
next day and the place is like wrecked
it was like flooding everywhere it was
like wow this is so cool but as a
grownup you kind of think whoa
this could be serious like hundred
thirty 140 although I'm kind of like
half and half like exciting cuz I'd love
to see it enough to like film it and
like jump into it Mike's fly in the sky
I'm like vlogging in a twister but then
in the same time I probably die a
horrible that so maybe not but hey are
you excited are you excited to go
there's gonna be no don't hurt yet but
the new center was gonna be her again oh
my god it is so stormy outside I think
it is so strong it's just whoo
note the destroy him so check out my
little invention here guys oh yes we've
got a game mozzarella cheese bottom
chicken tomorrow rocket and we've got a
little bit of relish on the top just to
give it that sort of moisture maybe
because the moist maker to put a little
section of moist mm-hmm you guys got
another chicken too much chicken so a
mozzarella a Pomodoro
oh there's polo in there as well forgot
oh mozzarella chicken tomato rocket with
a relish sauce thing sounds pretty darn
good zo jorah bed to watch Doctor Who
and twitch would and I think this is the
Torchwood finale oh my goodness I'm so
excited what happened most people I
complain about it I'm like I love it I
love the show like you got did actual
when I was like a TV show it was like it
was okay sometimes a bit weird but it
was okay and then it became like the M
remember to children thing world the
children I was like yeah that was pretty
good like and this one like them miracle
days that was called it's awesome like
you know and Doctor Who is awesome
every time anyway so M that's a super
awesome night let me just get a squish
this on here mmm not tell stun kids
we call it ledge warfare so lay yum yum
let him come
