so we're going into town and we're
meeting my mom who's already there and
we're gonna get our thank-you cards from
I don't know where but I thank you cards
for like a wedding so that we could send
them out to everybody please like if you
need to get so if 35,000 people so far
I've watched our video does that mean
35,000 people technically it came for a
wedding you waited to get 35,000 cards
imagine we need to get like 40 cards our
size of our wedding was like 40 people
but I think that included the two of us
yeah so I like 13 yeah
actually no not even maybe like 30 cuz a
lot of other families boom stay with us
however many invites we have again so
yeah that's what we're going to do and
my mom has invited us
for lunch to this place in Cork that is
called a tele as in like see the river
that runs through parts called the River
Lea and this like it's this authentic
Italian place like even the waiters all
speak Italian and
wasn't being walked on the motorway yeah
anyways so yeah it's called it's Holly
you know so it's hard and then
eat for the river it's actually kind of
but it's a really good place
and for some reason their mozzarella
tastes better than
so we're having this conversation with
mozzarella here is like No Deal
but anyways so we're meeting her and
then we also have to do some other
things and then Jonathan wants to get a
huge map
arlynn for our little travel discover
Ireland with Jo pitzl Nina yeah and
that's pretty much it also the weather
here is absolutely fantastic
fantastic you are an Irish there it's a
typical Irish a did you like rain
this is this is like oh this is where
you want to go like you don't wanna
roast people I like I love me some rain
rain this is where you want to be guys
FD said ivory
we're going to go to Atami heart in
tears
yo cool guys look did she get a good
view look cork
I'm not kind of cool see all the way
Brown but we're not late for everything
it's like it's like I'm Dean
somebody arranged to meet us just come
like 20 minutes afterwards it's already
late
it's raining in water on my head I know
we've been there a few times
it's a nice spot it's a nice property
it's antipasti monstrous kill the heel
of meat got little fishes in your muscle
iphone
expresso - espresso I'll sing at this
weird little espresso Tommy I mean it's
a coffee bean and chocolate a lot it's a
copy
walk you to the poll poll box cuz we're
in town and I'm pretty sure I'll be is
calendar has come we are told by a Gina
from Hollis cheese that's on Facebook
she's like oh I think you're Aldi
calendar so we're like hey let's go see
their designee up the road from here oh
cool look as Peace Park we'd just love
to peace going on in there
we're coming up to or myself an item
before we met oh yeah there's lots of
new people on board and they might have
seen it before but that's it up there
just it's right there
that's where dreams are made dreams are
made okay now it's lashing Wayne beyond
funds the old time it's like onion funds
your time enjoying your umbrella there
and you have a hood this is a good
strong hood even eunuch design for
German wetter and German weather is
pretty efficient so it's develop for you
spousal abuse city center public spousal
abuse when I know CDC's top model that's
for the final thing was in bodega bodega
or wider die day
now the place we were looking for here
okay look at me beat him again at
Johnny's door with her it's kind of cool
look
it is
I don't if he means yeah
Tisa come on you guys find them useful
what I have done but yeah you guys have
a look I know they have that a man nikon
tie never actually been in here have you
yeah being here before everybody's been
in there hmm
thank you for unique meeting opportunity
oh wait it's not longer way he's not
long ago I know I thought I was gonna
lead all the shooter whole city or
something and end up I don't know some
magically at the car hey good one this
one geographical one cool it's more
there's more stuff here isn't it yeah
ah ballerina doll making kit it's really
cute
best friends forever but these kind of
shops I'll make it yourself stuff Oh God
so horribly disgusting and rainy it's
never gonna stop difficulties I know
where we could go mmm look much you know
hmm
good right now
a little hot
hey we saw this in the shower
the better bye guys do you think keep
your comments
did you check the comments tomorrow
they're good enough
please Khloe's don't have a padlock
breaking when I got you I'm like an
anchor in our zone how are these
different
looks navy-blue alright
clearly
probably better you know
it's probably the only way we're
actually gonna be able to use the file
from the arrow notes is actually buying
one of these bags you have to get plan
what's name your bike keys somebody
spoiled because you have produced girl
in all the land your Prius girl model
and apply for a cheat to card did you
not have features here this is crazy
what are they it comes yeah I think so
who doesn't have peaches mister value
assuming it's percent super turn in
value that were there you in charge here
oh my gosh and I like it strengthen a
lemon tree
no way to have to be real is you no way
that's very good what do you think mean
that's fake
what in her line be misleading the
speakers every Emily let's get a basket
and actually should get a basket and
they're not thinking like you know
people put their baskets down to pick up
food why can't you just run over pick up
their musket go to the checkout and it's
like lucky dip shopping you get whatever
the other person put in the basket
that's such a fun for so lucky dip
shopping try it
leave a comment when you get out of
prison and let me know is a fun there
was lots of talk in the comments about
it activity and what flavors do you get
in America because nobody seems to be
able to get these look group are
flavored Activia yeah like cook this
ones we have here natural prune
strawberry move on raspberry fruit hoots
the fires that weird words
kiwi-strawberry and I feel like kind of
odd because yesterday yesterday I got
that two-faced naked eyes palette I
think that's what it's called from Katie
and they really like that I actually
have those shadows on right now yes
about that but yeah I was like like I
want to get this too though okay I feel
like I can never have enough neutral
eyeshadows like I have so many
eyeshadows that look exactly the same
but I just like it you know it's like
Jonathan doesn't understand why I have
so many shoes he's like I was looking at
shoes and dude who's like what you
already got
got like three pairs I just feel like to
daily oh yeah I know but
plus those ones they can't even wear
them right now because it's just too
disgusting here you have to our boots oh
then I got a monster no bye
I'm really happy about
I love you it's my first mask you know
by mosque you know is like my favorite
friend my favorite fashion designer ever
like I just really really love it it's
Italian
it's so like almost every piece is my
style
except for sometimes when they do it's
like totally crazy the colors and stuff
I write anything by any weights Moschino
has always been my favorite Pasha's
either and then I got so many happy but
not I really want it um you know like
you want I just saw after you know an
entire week of being married oh my
starting to you know get bored yeah
exactly you know swing away just by a
designer bike keeps to keep sandstone
you know that's my trick one designer
bag a week our relationship is going
forever because you know this the
classic chanel by like quoted black one
that everybody has it looks time like
that but it looks like that almost well
it's it's different
like different ways by different engines
I prefer must you know as a brand to
Chanel although I complain if somebody
bought me a mailbag it's not like I feel
like no no I I could not accept that
I'll be like yes I will accept I don't
even know what I know
oh yeah well court doesn't do a new
overtime that would be my next one I
think Brad Thomas in court doesn't do
move it nope only Dublin franchise I
don't even think Brian Thomas does
shouldn't Chanel in the whole of Ireland
maybe in Dublin I'm not really sure but
it does not do definitely does not do
Chanel or Louie Vuitton important
probably isn't worth it I don't know but
in Italy every second woman had to look
at the time they wore it every time I
wanted was dead look at this luggage
yeah and the dog luggage yeah that's
cute
if I had the dog luggage then I probably
wouldn't get a handbag I would probably
keep that then as like my not really but
you know like I probably just carry that
like it would wouldn't it looked weird
if you had a Louboutin dog carrier even
a Louboutin handbag as well that was a
musky Timmy see we would have to get
either a huge dog luggage singing or two
and that's like insane but oh my god
I don't even ever get like luggage like
Leviton okay so you'd actually check in
because then everyone would know that
that's really expensive I don't that's
the problem you know they're little we
wonder you carry on that's the only one
I get because I think it's stupid like
putting a big stamp on your hair isn't I
know that is right though
like people are more likely to steal
things from you if you're so like
ostentatious it's true
like I mean
see it depends on what areas you're in
or whatever but definitely in places
like airports like I would have been
stowed yeah see it oh yeah we witnessed
a fight in Canton I was like check what
I heard two guys like beating each other
up like a vitamin topper and you know
what the police came from everywhere and
then filmed this because it doesn't show
look very good yeah Tony tomorrow
Ireland but that was crazy I don't think
I've ever seen that before right beside
us just coasting day like look at this
stupid why would you start a fine to
jiminy there yeah do it in a sunny day
so you don't get so wrecked anyways by
the way it's not hotel right there is
where I had my depth there with the
massive Corona
if you don't know what a deficit we saw
Deb's girl on the elevator
get your hair all done up but anyways
I'm really excited about this and
looking at 10% was only 36 euros
like 40 likes those numbers alright guys
step 1 get a geographical map of Ireland
yay so this is where we are here
okay the Dublin there's Galway and then
break it somewhere in the middle zo
right to Ferreira Kimi Limerick ooh
there cuz I'm over here but this is
gonna be fun each time we're gonna put
pins in so I'm gonna read all the
comments and all the Twitter's and
Facebook's and stuff and we'll fine
we'll put pins in everywhere that we
have to go and will eventually move the
entire are you and then we'll have to
get a bigger map for the UK and then a
bigger map for you it's made that
adventure time are you guys ready for an
adventure it's been a while since we had
two tubes because obviously oh yeah that
card came today we're coming home but he
was from Omaha what'd you say I thought
we were supposed to send a wedding
thank-you cards she's got it all
confused not give me a key
let's get this going oh my goodness it's
raining I didn't know it's gonna be so
dark and rainy out here you ready
summertime has gone online
come on topaz liven up our spirit Co
this week chop
Leslie chop bar can open a sweet job you
guys have a really important job
you must mine the car okay
don't anybody steal it anyone ain't okay
okay even if they say they're a nice man
no matter what they say even if they
have numbs or than amount with the
num-nums don't listen to them okay you
got that Xena
you're in charge out because you're the
oldest Xena of is in charge letters do
you want that nurse Jenny babies really
nice pitch for them yeah I'm gonna get
them I see dolly mixtures on the mice do
you offer
oh thank you
you want yeah
goes here too and your choice the whole
truth nothing with the toys now quickly
back to the Batcave we let them in boy
come on
probably that's usually how it works
that's usually how it works explode roll
on the floor and I got pink right giant
pink and white my oh no I got them
you guys remember these when your kids
Pig words they are the best in the world
the best in the world
what do you guys after how do you guys
actually give them a little bit of ham
or something ham sales there's also my
hands eNOS look at our empty fridge how
long can we last before we have to
actually cook food exam hobby hobby
see ya no see nasty of everything i'll
be i'll be i'll be good boy Oh where's
mommy where's mommy gonna be friend man
Cena Cena Cena weena I mean and we know
he gets no biteys no bite cheese no no
no biteys crazy
no pie cheese no no no pie t said
nobody's in the home time sitting on the
bed don't be snappin when I go and I
said I'll get Fred cuz friend will tell
you that you can't no bite C's cannot
stowaway back to mrs. white see
