hey guys I feel like I have not blocked
like this like myself in the mornings
pages which I haven't I didn't like that
much like me holding the camera in Italy
and I don't you know what I think it's
just like I don't know there was like no
reason for it or something like because
we were doing so much and like Johnson
just had the camera on him all the time
so it was always him and getting me a
but did you see her presence there cool
or anything I think they're pretty cool
anyways so I'm gonna write this now and
now what I've been loving recently in
Italy is yogurt like natural yogurt
peaches right here except the peaches in
Ireland are like tiny compared the ones
in Italy were like double the size of
that and then what I do is see our empty
fridge what I do is I take a little bit
of cereal just any kind of cereal this
I'm just using harsh but when I was
there I was using cornflakes
you could also use granola yeah so I
just sprinkled it on top of yogurt and
then myself the peach I put it in and
it's so good especially when it's hot
and it's not hot here but I just I don't
want to give up the little of tradition
and I have going on so yeah and I need
to make okay Oh John everybody wants to
get an espresso maker
we cut like a what you call them cafe
Tierra I think because he really loved
espresso we were there and you know like
Italians don't consider this to be a
real coffee like they consider to be
like American coffee were just kind of
like just not a real coffee like that's
my aunt said I'm really putting this
but today I'm like it's not so Jonathan
really wants to get an espresso maker so
who's looking online last night and I
think he found some stuff um so
hopefully we'll get one hey come on
let's get the ball we go outside view
the ball outside come on
it's go outside let's go outside
Gared mm-hmm don't be afraid
it's the it is you're on YouTube
little guy huh how do you think it is he
huh
look you couldn't see his back legs are
like those really long oh yeah buddy I'm
gonna be scared on this era but I think
he's playing dead yeah
very scared it's gonna be miss kami
without so I know cuz I saw the movie I
was like that's so cool you guys ever
seen a grasshopper what's going on guys
what's going on huh huh she's excited
you guys excited
ah Kenny wanna walkies walkies walkies
walkies
you're not gonna lucky I guess you know
I'm being treated to lunch today guys
you tweeted to lunch filling
I think I'm getting the mozzarella
Pomodoro Dracula so I'm pretty darn
excited are you guys and then we're
gonna go bro gather yeah get too excited
so am I don't want to bring this up hmm
but I am if you guys follow me on the
Twitter or Facebook you would have known
what I said this morning about and you
know next year we want to do some like
traveling and do some interesting stuff
when I was in Italy and I realized a lot
of people a lot of people are saying
like oh that's kind of cool to see the
place and all now thinking like we've
never really done any this up in Ireland
and then I think I'm like lots of people
like Ireland who are outside are in
occupy but then then we were gonna do
remember gonna do the meetup things on
the way last time we never got around to
doing it so I was thinking why don't we
just pick the hole-in-one or A to Z for
one or whatever that the shame is and do
a sort of them like if you guys right
this is saying you can tweet me Facebook
me or leave me comments in this video of
anything you'd like to see in Ireland
like the Kerry Galway Cork Limerick
Dublin I don't know like The Cliffs of
Moher Hills carry the caves Mitchell
sound or I don't know I got probably
can't remember half of the things I'm
thinking of but you know what I mean
like all the crazy touristy things that
you've ever ever wondered about art that
you couldn't you may have never been
tired or you've gone but you don't
remember what it looks like now just go
ahead and go there oh yeah that's what
I'm talking about so leave me comments
or Twitter me or Facebook me and we're
all gonna get a Big Mac bar big map of
Ireland right and I put pins on it in
the place that we got to go to and then
like over the next few weeks we'll go to
every single one of those places and you
have like a little musical montage
and you dry there and we'll go visit all
like the Blarney Stone I think is
important so for that you know any
anything you've ever wanted to see about
Ireland then we were going investigate
drop its investigates signing off stay
last week we got married so we are a
week married so my my for a whole week
so we won too bad it's a lot less
sunnier towards the end of the first
week of marriage got a lot less sunnier
sorta rained a bit we did go to
different country though so may have
something to do with that we are going
we are looking for somewhere because you
read there's some sort of a nice lake
park thing around here
and
like a web some spider makes a web every
single time I stopped the car every
night like he spawns the web onto the
rear view mirror and every day a driver
comes off but every day he continues to
make another web you know he's a busy
guy
whoa this is like a small sample of what
the traveling show will be like all
around Arden nothing a drive to the
countryside
look we're in a Mowgli Mowgli dopily
whatever the thing is the throne drugs
everywhere now placing the right way or
looking for it just but this one if you
just want to go ahead and focus focus
okay so your focus but we're the blue
talked and we need to get to the Red
Rock Show we trained a second ago and
the train tracks for I need to take a
left by the train tracks
I am navigating using gain tracks train
tracks they're old and train tracks so
we turn up here maybe
about clothes we are guys we're the blue
dot trying to get to the red dot let me
come alongside of it
okay so I'm not quite sure where we went
wrong but I just can't seem to get to it
it keeps moving so we're just gonna go
find somewhere else kiss this isn't
worked out very well check this out
release the crossroads in our lives that
way that way that way
you recognize so I should probably go
that way then oh yeah we are gonna go
that one
so lick your hair or a mugger well go
now bye guys
our plans have come to an abrupt pause
we have behind the truck for her mobile
guys where are we Alvey where are we
there's Capri over there
there's Pompeii she's there it's a
little bit smaller but the lighthouse
you're trying to see it was like a ship
right there but yeah it's not full
except there's no Beach what sorry
there's no beach guys
the tide is in too far well we're gonna
go out and brace fit nature's sweater
buggy
listen hunky you ready guys you ready to
brace the impact of nature nature in its
finest glory and power and provisions
venture loons come on guys we made it
boy
come on you found us oh the cave system
reading a book maybe checking on
Mitchell town caves you like some sort
of a cave monster Joran
I'm gonna have a drawing contest guys
from here see how far out in the water
you can get it now we have to have equal
stones of equal mass and density okay
running on a beach in the September day
slice to the sky like a wider wing base
okay you're gonna go to Arizona
what are you going on where's the line
line okay there's the line folks all the
ends the ocean go for it okay
walking on a beach I've decided to
choose comfort over style guys and I'm
in my Slipslop only God almost has four
num nums so I think it's okay isn't it
because almost a sand that moves with my
my slip flops guys check out my new
friend didn't it so cute like he's got
like Bill Ayers what are you gonna call
him me is it he chicken care of it hurry
latigo that's a pretty volatile what you
want oh yeah mines got a little hole at
the front yeah mine are designed for
outdoor use though which is kind of
better these are for Bellevue's friend
named say come on your hotel printed out
a couple of photographs just a couple of
photographs 580 photographs is it how
about Cena would just cover it over
looks kind of like a lovey do you
guys want some of my ice cream mm-hmm
yum yum look I made a special and I
didn't make it mess this time okay I
made a mess everywhere I totally ruined
it
don't explode I forgot the water okay
you have an espresso machine type thingy
I forgot to be the water and I put on
the coffee and I locked the whole thing
up and then I have to like take it all
down clean it all that I had the water
ah but this is a 5500 video I'm
uploading I feel like I need to do
something in honor I feel like me to do
something spectacular let me just like
okay that's it
how many fireworks or something we
organized a spiral how about a duck
how about a duck Tigra donations and 500
maybe baby toys he does all right right
yeah you like that graduations 5 on the
radios for donations by radio
Xena Xena what's this what's this videos
have you been here for 500 videos are
you doing all this time
leave me a comment if you've actually
seen 500 of our videos and I will give
you I will what do I give them I gotta
give him something ok I will give you a
petal of this I'm gonna pick what I
spell only if you leave a comment and
yesterday
anyone could just leave a comment make
it quiz what is your name
