ah that weasels likes for movies you
like to wait goes right clinician that
the devil's creature of that oh my god
little don't be joke poppy in the cosy
oh oh
toasty knows there's Nina's toast
because she's too lazy to go to bed
buddies they rub she's like married life
is a donal village holds bad new
possibly little minions blah blah blah
mm-hmm Cielo stole Albee street mm-hmm
each Street Street Street stations
actually at UM turn to y'all patent on
turning on hats and on because it's
frozen and then the top one good thing
about coming back in holidays though is
that am we haven't taken I totally took
a holiday in first year the summer first
year when I was in college with the
second time when Anna and we went to
Munich and I had an internship with
Ralph Lauren and Munich so we went to
Munich for seeing like two months or
something and since then we haven't read
anything so if you don't count that the
last holiday I went on was 2002
and then in 2011 I went on my own even
do that Sorento so that's quite a long
time without an old holiday
I must admit but I'm very energized
definitely since that since we've
embarked on YouTube we haven't taken a
holiday or anything you know so and we
worked like everyday all day long like
so it was kind of awesome it you feel
like really energized you know if you're
like yeah let's get right into it
ah
you know I'm saying you know what I'm
seeing you got a holiday too little guys
day your life as a holiday back into it
back once again for derogating my
schoolteacher girl kind of thing I have
a plan I have a plan
some may call me queasy or some may call
me bland with the plan get yourself some
crunchy granola Jordans mm-hmm put them
in here like this
take it soft Hannah bellissimo
okay have our selves over here now you
could go like this probably I know I do
snoring I'm gonna go away TV our rhubarb
cuz then that's not Rowley oh that's how
I roll and I'm gonna plop this in here
and it might be good or it might not be
good
where you goin with that chair right
this wrong with our chair now I know
it's not a Friday
but I got that Friday feeling and we're
just cold I'm not happy
we're depressed we have depression
problems what are you going with that
look we got guys look at his Mongo there
was like a deal like a special deal it
was cheaper
I know it's cheaper to buy this thing
but I like boring side and my funds I
empty and this is quite large
okay I want everyone you guys to grab a
plate for my cue it's probably enough to
go around
what's wrong what's wrong oh I'll help
you please
well babies you don't even want to go
peepees is he thinking like my best
chance to get a slice of pizza is if I
going do peepees PVC know peepees give
his outside good boy Albie oh well he
took an extra step he's my boo-boos
why and if that's not enough Montross et
I didn't even know what's in that one
that's gonna give us this is crazy
you're supposed to say dippers Miami you
guys remember that sushi send your brat
look should go there first what's that
mean I did it done done done done done
that was a Mikey feast I am full to the
brim oh my god I have not had fast type
of food is that was that faster what is
Pizza fast food because it takes like 30
to 45 minutes so it's not really that
fast you know you know you think of like
you know McDonald's like fast food
because you go to one window by the time
you get to the next window
they're like there you go sir is like
pretty darn fast or he goes away a chip
or a takeaway that's pretty fast but
Pizza like I think I think you should
redefine pizza out of the fast food
category to the like not like long but
it is like restaurant time to look into
this yes the first time I've had that
places you've been home it's like oh
it's slightly different because the last
thing we had before the night before we
left Naples we had the pizza the El
Diablo pizza and that was not an El
Diablo piece and nor did that taste
anything quite like Italian Piazza so I
feel kind of like mmm waiting booths
does it get better when does it get
better when do you start when you
realize that oh yeah maybe I'm sure
that's the thing if you go live
somewhere why did you want to live
somewhere but you lived like you weren't
a holiday can you live like you're on
holidays rather than living somewhere
like you're living somewhere like we're
in Italy like I never looked at although
you know the Popo bucks the company that
supplies us with our Popo box they have
a company in sorrento when we were on
the second last night we went up to the
Francesco's hotel and as you're walking
up the actual I saw Game Stop as well
and beside it was M the company like the
same thing I knew they were like all
over the world but I never taught
they're actually in surrender and I was
like Popo box here and everything what I
never looked for like I don't even know
mister is like a Casco or a super is
probably honestly bravado but something
like that so I suppose like living in a
place is probably definitely different
to actually um you know like holidaying
in a place but definitely could you like
holiday in a place forever like is it
possible
how did you find if I was holidaying
here what would I do
I've been really disappointed if I was
here because I'd be like it's raining
all the time presenters these are from
my neatest family my cousin makes rich
cousin and it's more than that
yeah what is it
no wait a second well I assumed XD
what's your name boy we don't have any
of these like whenever we have wine or
anything which we never do but like if
we ever have wine it's always in like
crappy little glasses you know because
we never have these and look we actually
have I'm gonna pile wide remember just
before we left we got a bottle of wine
with a sheep on it remember now we have
somewhere to put it like no it's kind of
cute you know yeah cause like proper
Olaf is a breeze nice you just say you
know this is my thing I always say that
if you're married you make a sort of
mixer or what you want to make a speech
in your mind you can just go take six in
there if any of you guys have been sweet
and we know this was it okay bring it
from Sweden Yeah right they're so tall
this is the second part of it I really
like good gifts so because like we don't
have to be positive these makeshift
mozzarella that is the kind of thing you
put a cheese board hello my favorite
kind of cheese board cheese is Port
Salut
what's your favorite kind of cheese
board cheese leave it there so oh look
it's a nice fancy one look it's a
scraper one you can just scrape the
cheese is like a butter knife
that's pretty blunt this was like so now
we can have wine cheese oh we're so
grown-up knees you know like proper
grown-ups local peaches kind of small
I like the peaches in Italy a nice and
large oh here's these are things guys
did he never showed you what they don't
fit in my hand do they fit in your hand
oh yeah they're from fanny is everything
more funny I think I think so it was
from the Hungarian girl was that the
Hungarian rope we kind of opened all the
envelopes really quickly and then so we
got it wrong we're sorry I think I did
though it's not what I opened all the
envelope summer okay awesome
so let's crap out these filters guys if
you have one of these you know the
little thing we're away for a week
that's not fair
does that actually mean anything can you
keep using it or do we have to come by a
filter now where nothing runs that cuz I
don't really know like its water still
filters true it or is that some sort of
a consumer con where they're trying to
make you buy it loads of times no no no
cuz that's any a timer that's all that
is yes that it runs it yeah but doesn't
it doesn't work on wearing down the
stuff inside the magical stuff oh hey
I'm at your top Jude a purpose yeah
it's quite a lot of recycling you know
oh yeah we got these well tell you guys
about them via Little Debbie oatmeal
caramel cream pies that's what happens
that's a the Smurfs get eaten that's the
story of the eating Smurfs
what'd you do did you walk on peopie's
showed me a process your nighttime
process how do you find out to make sure
the mats okay this is what you do so
walk up and down it let's see you find a
half-percent EP bees unfortunately this
is the only way guys all clear
seems to be clear you have to walk in it
you have to walk in it it's the process
hey we should put one into wedding
pictures in this frame take that one out
cuz scene is not in that picture that's
like that's like the olden days picture
Big John isn't here hey your mom printed
about 600 pictures what I got a shoe on
got my I got my fries
see that anymore do you bars the bar so
you get it to get the ball ready ready
ready
boingy boingy boingy boingy boingy
boingy boingy boingy boingy boingy
boingy boingy boingy boingy boingy
you should have seen him when I like
hurl the ball huh
oh these little antsy Oh
Cina
oops but then I'm lovin your food Theo's
what are you trying to do over there
okay and clapping Adventure is my toe
okay this is how you know you missed
your holidays okay because we're so
depressed sitting here right was like
come on let's just go for a drive around
Sorrento so I put the address into
Google Maps
okay that's December crossing guys Jim
will use the vlog and as ever crossing
all the time it's just keeping it off
let's go to gelato shop okay I think
it's just up here it's around here
somewhere
is that it oh no no no it's a throne
woman there it is there it is
yes sugar - yeah that's the gelato shop
guys Road this is putting up memorize
walking along here I was logging guys
remember that time and the blue team
went to be
