getting out of bed is completely
overrated although I'm completely jet
lag gaiz completely jet lag I'm like
living an hour in the past but I got my
little team yeah we're putting up the
super long luggage ease now 45 minutes
oh my godness I've never celebrated as
long in all my years we've only been
around for two years as E yeah picking
bats no sorry
oh my God look at Albion Cena well Albie
was a better cuz he has longer hair but
look at them with their new presence
Albie oh good boy look at your pretty
hair Xena Xena Xena she looks so great
feet she's got little pink bows and he's
got little blue bows kind of turquoise
eros Oh cute you are
I think I might have to do just one in
her hair though cuz she looks kind of
crazy
no no that's important stuff take this
okay you see I didn't is so cute it
looks better on Alby though doesn't it
because of his long hair look at hers
she looks jealous of your boys videos
uploaded we gotta head down to the Pope
Oaks him Interpol box in ages
probably overfilling speaking of that
overfilling and it's Uncle Tony no gave
us an awesome wedding present but the
problem is we can't do anything with it
so we gotta head to the bank because
it's like I'm actually going somewhere
I'm buying something and handing someone
one of these like what the hell it's
crazy like for Americans like that's
like 500 what it's raining well that's
like $500 I mean 500 dollars since 500
euros for like imagine finding is over
500 euro note for something like I don't
I don't think I'm like in Ireland nobody
uses five min of your notes nobody even
usually do the hundred euro note so I
don't we're just launching into our town
because I do it like five hundred years
like buy something I gotta say like
something funny we could do like go
somewhere and just like it's like oh my
god is this yo oh yeah just gonna in the
street like what's up what's up what
stopped me like whatever whatever I
don't even notice that I even notice
that get away from you guys are so cute
little things realized their forever
right forever and ever
we just got the most amazing
those white guys are awesome yeah
without so many cards we got cards from
let me see a second I got a card from a
bean even my nursing baby I think it's a
V baby we got a card from somebody in
Poland yeah what I'm Apple's of the
guinea pigs
I don't believe them actually Fanny I
didn't think um we've got a lot of gifts
from TD oh boy Katie said yeah I can't
do this
we got something occurring from
sandy and Sandy we got a card from Oh
Katie who sent us all the stuff she
Katie sent me this look how cool the
two-faced naked eye palette I was so
excited when I open this is like oh my
god I can't believe like and she sent us
a huge package back there of travel and
soap soap and like all this stuff from
America and Albie oh the balls going
onto the road I'll be keeps trying to
put his little head into the box it's so
cute and then I think this is from sandy
I'm sorry I forgot this wrong I think it
is from sandy we got um an Amazon
venture for $50 I know school is awesome
and like wait seconds
this one from Carrie and from Spain a
really cool card that has like our names
printed on it and everything really that
was really cool
and then we got a card from okay gene or
GN GN yeah again welcome to a country
from another land
I was probably Chilean yeah anything oh
sure thank you and bad don't leave
anyone else besides this little letter
from Spani
from Hungary not Poland what our long
were very hungry
hm the iPhone comes no that's different
I think that's it I think what we got a
ton of stop so thank you so much to
everybody that sent us crisis we didn't
expect that at all we didn't think like
we didn't want any presents or cards or
anything what that was really really
nice of you guys so thank you and thank
you for all the emails and all the
common house yeah we've got so many
emails like saying congratulations and
comments on Facebook and everything and
we appreciate them so much like we were
in our in our apart or our hotel in
Sorrento and we were just like
overwhelmed like we read every single
one of them
we're screaming and we were like oh my
god I can't believe this like why do you
really care about us like we're nobodies
you know and like thank you so much for
watching our our wedding video and all
our videos we were in
Sorrento we had such an amazing time
where some side boob on butt look Albie
is right there and he keeps trying to
get into that box over there
Cena's just conked out oh and somebody
sent little braces is why those rubber
bracelets oh yes no randomness yeah I
think that was the girl from Hungary
funny yeah she sent them they actually
really liked them I think they wanted to
keep them but now we're gonna go get
something to eat because and I want to
show you guys what we got from Haiti
because we've got a box of goodies from
her so thank you so much Katie thank you
so much to everybody seriously like we
would not be doing this and we would not
be able to do this if it weren't for you
guys so if we really appreciate it
awesome rock stars yeah thank you for
all the comments you have on our videos
every time you view our videos I notice
some of you guys are what re watching
old videos when you were waiting for the
wedding vlog and like that means so much
to us like we are so grateful so thank
you and I'll be NCNR when you're
grateful too because
two suns think you probably got even
cannot comprehend yeah because it's just
is ever looks the same with hammering on
somebody but it is pouring rain right
now this car is all oh yeah it is free
I'm wearing boots start
do you remember what it was like
yesterday oh it's the home and watch the
vlog we put a fire on Smith yeah I
actually when I was about to get a bit
like no no I'm not trying to start
wetting Brian because I wanna pee I was
here I feel bad for them because they
didn't get well there would have been
too hot but you know gelato
rucola think we're experiencing like
post
wedding depression
was part of
the postmark
other babies and you get depressed yeah
this is what we're experiencing so
thumbs up if you think they should move
this Rando haha
even the food here is wrong wrong I want
my caprese salad this doesn't look right
just doesn't drop right it's an open one
we're getting this one drop it in
training
rucola one from a bottle Fedora
pick a mix supervisor they must have
known that we moved in around here
because left they've moved bagels now
look at the bagels they have probably
tart like we'll probably be a good
investment if we decide to open a
distribution deal with these guys yes
so what's the security door is like one
of this difference sesame ones yeah this
is also a disco case you didn't know the
site
yo down super value go and shop and find
the Robin floppin
but and it's alright and it
where's the lemon cake someone ate it oh
he did quit got a truckload also too
expensive in this country because I want
my buffalo mozzarella this is perfectly
a crappy block this is gonna be like the
country's tool cord it rains all the
time
the food is doing expensive the cars
don't drive you have to have again so
much
hmm food is doing honey yogurt finally
some good news folks
but Pony is only one euro stack it up I
don't really like spaghetti but
depending we get what's on your face
yeah
grazie gelato even know
Oh kids tan here it's like okay
oh she also sent us a little box of
Lucky Charms and Incy Wincy Spider box
of Lucky Charms that's it
I miss coming down in the morning for
breakfast and having it served
he was my waiter I mean I just went into
somebody's house she's responded to our
neighbors house we don't really know her
that well
I mean it said hi to her maybe once or
twice but I don't know her name or
anything she was saying goodbye to one
of her friends was good eveing and Sina
ran into her house and then slayed all
over her floors because they were like
really shiny wooden floors and yeah she
made no friend but anyways so we're
going to my mom's house for dinner
and again because we were like so
depressed were like the food here is all
crap compared to Italy and Levon and my
mom was like I'm making pending tonight
looks like so jealous so then she
invited us to dinner because my mom if
the my mom isn't actually Italian like
she married an Italian and she lived in
Italy for years so she makes
like a proper Italian pasta like she's
really good at cooking anyways what
she's gotta cook an Italian especially
so we're gonna give her at this which is
actually from Katy I think and not it's
not that we don't like them we do but my
mom when she lived in Baltimore we said
absolutely love these they're the
Pepperidge Farm olds this jacket and you
can't get them in Arlen so I'm going to
give them to her if it's like they don't
already ate the board yeah yeah and we
have a lot of stuff so we are in oh my
god like look what I'm wearing I showed
its are any boots jeans a long-sleeved
top and a leather jacket if we were
getting right now I would be melted like
I would alive and sought some white
sauce like oh my god one's a lot so more
songs past oh some past oh now is it
like this fancy contraption this is like
Pasha Italians just enough parmesan oh
that's way too much har-har-har-har
I like to put one piece of permanent per
centimeter of pasta that's like the
radio to keep our Italian twisting going
I'm going to make a authentic Italian or
Ted is like it's like authentic but it's
better it's to a perfect ending you guys
know what I'm talking about right
Monte oh oh
that's their friends from their holidays
he's right here guys Gaddafi's waiting
so anyway I'm going to make an espresso
espresso espresso water in like so I'm
kind of doing all the work here
pretty much then you just splash that
thing on the ground you put the little
thing in the coffee which one are we
using le Kimbo Oh my cup was Kimbo
please remember in sorrento an akimbo
cup
Oh next we add the coffee and be careful
not to spill any coffee this is an
example of what not to do what if I was
feminine would I be Joe pasa see that I
did that we put it on here means closes
over four and a half look at the color
of that it's kind of cool although it's
gonna melt there put at the edge
nice nice nice cup of coffee mate it's
happening we get some lights here
it's doing its thing you guys see it's
like pouring down there it's going down
there we go that's so cool
let's see you make a special coffee in a
party I have no coffee hey Kalyan oh you
guys want to see Anna's like she she
wanted new iPhone cover and she wanted
something really subtle something kind
of you know wouldn't expand out you know
I was like you know you don't want to
get something that has like that draws
attention to the iPhone I was like I was
like why don't you get a co-ed it's sort
of just like you know slides in there in
your pocket almost makes the iPhone
smaller you don't even notice it so this
is what she came up with this is that's
that's nice you wouldn't notice that
would you me bling bling is is
ridiculous like feels weird on only the
size of this thing like that keep like
double the size of the iPhone it's okay
look it's kind of bling that isn't it do
you love it yeah blue loves it yeah do
you love it more than me yeah world
smallest cups right so and we just
placed in sport in yeah and a hot mix
two minute bit so
you're a pretty bad at something don't
make three mm-hmm see isn't it awesome
and see these guys we stole these from
the honeymoon suite
and I'm gonna wear them forever because
I love them now class off Jules
lazybones two laptops
we're like laptop buddies good thing
about coming home you know coming home
was never that song no obviously it's
coming home now bye damn who sang it so
M ya know I've got like jumble Doctor
Who double Torchwood I double entourage
and you asked me anything I thought a
Teen Mom but we watch team on the way
over so I actually use that Teen Mom but
double Torchwood double Doctor Who
what has been going on like you know I
mean what happened after Jack is
immortal again did they find the
capacity Truxton or the I stays alive
and Antonio so I'm suddenly excited to I
said it's gonna be oh are you doing how
do you feel over here you play with your
toys
oh joy they love their toys I love when
they black that voice I love it they
love their trophies and listen in love
oh yeah but that's ensure you disguise
because we're in the car boy damn
this is what else we got sent today not
so lucky charms cuz they got smushed and
some Hershey's Hershey chuckles hmm
Swedish Fish I'm not really sure what
they are twirl cuz I hadn't I didn't
even eat chocolate at them for like a
week we're in Italy because the gelato
was too tasty plus if you ever noticed
in them in Italy if you're going to like
a shop a tobacconist and they have like
my chocolate it's like squeegee cuz no
one eats it there you know it's like
people don't chuckle at because of I
lived in Israel I probably wouldn't like
even more chocolate or he buddy wouldn't
watch TV I really wouldn't even bring my
PlayStation with me because that's a
kind of place you know I was thinking
like if we weren't there you know I feel
like by like I got like an underwater
blah Kitty's right and I buy like scuba
gear and I'd like I don't like diving
under the water and stuff but I didn't
bring you guys with me I'm watching dude
imagine driving with the block at ease I
gotta go I have inner mental
