here we are Nene's may today
vo we got my tomorrow guys
and today we're going shopping oh not
the funnest activity not the sort of
pre-wedding activity but I have
absolutely nothing else to do so I have
to go I don't have to but if I was am I
gonna do
I didn't pack the PlayStation new was a
mistake I should have put it on imagine
sitting in North I bet you people they
don't even own a station like how could
you possibly sit inside
although with those shut earnings and
delights in the darkness and a cool
breeze haze right are we going first
would you like a cup of coffee
look at my Kimbo America no it's not
American Express up it's Jackie on one
I tell you wake up in a hurry
this place always minefield James Bond
shaken not stirred it kind of looks like
it innit my brother was just a taxi be
there he's an even Rome now and you
saying that Rome is not for kids since I
was he having a bit of a struggle there
with the air so well being the most well
Bambino one teenager she was like a
teenager so yes we were here yesterday
and I was drooling at the window the
wedding shop around here somewhere we're
gonna go inside and see if we can get
some wedding ding ding ding dings we
still need to get the cushion for the
Rings that's about it just everyone else
take care of
there's several questions there is mom
excited yay oh so well that is like
terms of wedding mingling things we got
everything sorted
holy motor Positano the smell stinky
lemon country like a stinky lemon such
incentive to come into these shops I
hate shopping what air conditioning is
amazing like oh my god I need air cut
I know we should get this what is that
and it is us oh look there's loads of
them that 250 which one should we get
little big gargoyle he's right that one
how much are they what ooh
click the floppy I need to get some
flippy flippy floppy floppy and a Ducati
t-shirt rise from the air
football jump but it's super awesome
because well they make the carry simple
Anya but it's all the same thing it's
all the same thing now we're going to
get it that's what happens that's what
happens
mm-hmm
Oh
it's so cool
mccoullough cats like lions an actual
Limetree industry like pick a live okay
an actual lime it's not really cool we
need uh some Bacardi and coke and look
at this one
qyz there's so cool you can do you just
have your breakfast around here just
like pick things oh my god did you ever
you under him no obviously not eveything
keep me where you like who wouldn't like
pick a key way off the ground that's so
cool my pleasure
mom I never be more hot in all my life
I'm just like a ball of sweaty nose for
you guys some bait no no we're going to
be Hilton Oh Don Draper's friend going
to have lunch at the Hilton over lad in
you have a strict dress code but I think
that's just for dinner it was like no
figment no short shorts no t-shirts
t-shirt I'm all set oh my god look at
the new hair is like a mountain top
we're walking up to and it's so cool it
is so cool deal
oh my look at this place is absolutely
massive
oh joy Scott every one of those weeks
isn't it I gave on a one crying token
per day
yesterday's token over you guys believed
in this technique Alon hello actually
because my don't try it
hello yeah that's way better than an
iPhone has arrived tonight once again
the comforting old
americano special chicken burger and
fries I mean they are one is that like a
bigger scale and I got the smaller
College twinsies
look at the society triplet was actually
fruiting is that orange no wrong yes
looks really good anything you know
tasty juicy what I got what's this
called
mm-hmm some people overindulged we won't
point fingers and any overindulgence but
you know what can I do and I got the
smallest cup of coffee in the world
mm-hmm I was going to get special but as
you saw this morning I was totally
jealous of this thing down in the
orchard oh my oh my god look so hot here
why are you good little puppies I'm
trying to avoid they said look if you
step out it's like what's that one oh my
god what is that
it don't aim it as a line it's massive
the biggest one I've ever seen
that's crazy these things yeah crazy
huge isn't it Ana system I don't think
they're lemons or limes they're not
melons something else great
no it's grapefruit unless limes grow
that big shape is more like a great
grapefruit maybe it's grapefruit -
grapefruit go on trees I heard money
grows on trees
oh my god Eric you said there's a lizard
in here I've been looking for a lizard
it is a web there mr. lizard what
whatever
will it run at me where is it
no no I really want to see a lizard any
lose lizard people around here don't see
it either you supposed to everytime you
see when you're supposed to point it out
and tell me there was the plan Zeo to
the plan Zeo runer look at this place
nice Jonathan don't break it Jonathan hi
this is my first time in Hilton Jonathan
has been his I think it's your bachelor
I think so
no way no way how fun
oh my god oh my god this goes really
fast this goes a lot faster than
advertised I think we're a bit too big
for this oh my god the tree what you
talking about this is going super fast
oh my god oh my god what are you two
kids up there going go go all right
folks here we go
was it you on this is what not to do
when you're at the hilton does it
already record yeah there's no way see
I'm not going on that
just like an orchard yeah do you walk up
here like a proper like watch it yeah
look it's like fresh tomatoes that's so
cool
hey what are those ones and they're like
over jeans or something
so cool isn't it you're gonna eat one
jerking this is the food for the health
it didn't take actually like Kulik M&G
lemon and lime Wow no second for the
lemons and limes growing in the same
three that's amazing
should tell someone about this big ah
guys like check this out like Chili's or
something that's so cool is it chilly
take one and eat it oh my God look at
all the ants look at him and make him
like some forever have a road or
something
it's so cool I got to see a lizard guys
my life so we're going to be a rehearsal
kitten at nano
it's okay because it's our wedding
rehearsal dinner uh-huh
so that means everyone's gonna have to
wait that's the rules no Zoe Manor and
we wanted the latest in the bunch so
thankfully all right everyone didn't
leave like the families whose like the
families have met together celebrate my
wedding heart no any too
check it out mistake man deleting up the
pasta or we get you got a love heart
pizza I think I'm gonna have eat
everything seriously I'm not gonna go
home I love every single one I am must
be eaten lemon doesn't RT d nor are we
excited
is it your last night last chance are
you sure you want to go and true with
this so guys wanted to talk to you
you'll tell them right you know we're
joining hear from you so here's the plan
here's the seating arrangement for the
vlog it is look at this thing
it was attacked look I've got two more
oh those are so some weird thing
carefully squished it so plan Yas okay
is that the vlog for the wedding the
wedding is tomorrow which is Thursday
Friday we're gonna go down to the
Mediterranean Sea and do nothing but be
married okay
that Saturday I'm gonna edit the vlog
and put it up so on Saturday morning
hopefully I'm going to try and get the
wedding vlog up and the wedding vlog my
dancer the wedding blog will stay up on
Saturday and Sunday and we are all back
to school on
Monday okay now don't worry cuz Sunday's
blog obviously will be in Italy because
we're in Italy on Monday as well but
everything will be back to normal on
Monday I got you guys you're okay with
that right it's seen I fell asleep in
event you about you seen a man sleep in
a vegetable patch you can go to their
Facebook page your pets best friend
facebook.com forward slash your pets
best friend for updates on albion Cena
okay okay get pictures as well yeah just
because he wants to read words when you
can we get pictures because that's when
I'm out of that so um we're getting
married tomorrow
but what are there watching this we're
probably getting married
