good morning I was about to got bags
under my eyes like Jenna sake of
learning okay right now you have hair in
your mouth it word was being so good
this morning he's been looking after his
little sister he's been singing to her
yeah and take mommy yeah chicky took
mummy breast pads 'as for her that's
right and you unwrapped it and
everything didn't you yeah so now you
know how to do it yeah we're all the
baby I will also make me money and you
know how to do it yeah but now you're
three so yeah yeah I look full not yet
I welcome to where am I so amazed in
April actual like my birthday was in
April exactly like fools I swear prawns
yeah it sounds like April we slept in
this morning it's actually late like
twin thousand nine when all the bad I do
today she slept two which is kind of a
bonus
haha now everything's tight all over the
place we should have in her nap by now
last night
I know Ned okay yeah I get half a house
okay see honey good good morning ticket
raining did you know that
oh yeah course you can try to tell
everybody have she talked to you this
morning yeah I don't know how to talk
she did remember she did a big like
wasn't it it wasn't it yeah funny
yes if you talk to Eduardo it was so
cute got so far this is okay
maybe we don't like the hotfoot it was
like a little m there's nothing sure oh
yeah
so lovely this morning but that's not
that bad
I think there's no competition you think
such a baby apart oh isn't it only an
Alessia are going on then it's beg sure
you go to a little cup little cocky huh
so so keep your foot a different no well
yeah
yeah yeah I've got four there now that
you discussed words into mine what
because you have this little protective
thing here perfect for bicep you have
the fun guys um you know the picture how
it is summer holidays going so far
Amelia yeah good but are you excited to
go back to school soon
yeah I did thank you my ballet when I
come back to scar you gonna be boy and
my last Danish you ever you have a
birthday list now do you know listen to
me know what kind of birthday party you
want this year
nothing doing that I've got my lathe and
whiskey and which is on it
mermaid and witches is that a thing and
I just work while you're swimming look
for my boss a hostage is wit a birthday
party in a pool like a pool birthday
party because I decide you need to do a
wash and they need water monitor that
I'm going that way so wait a second you
need real life swimming mermaids how is
that are you going to get realized
singing mermaids for your birthday
my name is come from a real Oh obviously
he had so am do you have a look into a
website or something is it somewhere you
can go like contact real mermaids any
mermaids watching they want to comb and
swim and unless Amelia's birthday party
is there what are you trying to tell
sisters are going to comes out warm on a
guy go now is going to come on my cell
phone when mystery mermaids an Ariel and
her sisters are coming well or does a
clue wait Daniel I suppose murder yes my
Ariel okay it is X mega Hoshi storm I'm
a like her but she is a different my
mate okay well I'm looking forward to
trying
party RCL when I make it is aerial Oh
Barbra Jean Oh our sister even in the
comments and we all know down below five
listen to me how about for one day okay
on Ciccone Jolie's on the vlog you film
the whole vlog will do a day in the life
of Amelia and I want to do an echo video
straight I think you just had this fun
idea and you just ruined it hopefully
that video if I we got media to vlog for
a whole day the footage would be a bit
mental but it is common to anything that
would be a fun idea would you do a good
job it's gonna be mental
any comments if you'd like to see that
sort of thing - Angela oh the Dodgers
two areas yeah wash is going on here
we've got a farmer farmer boots with a
sword and a hat I are you Ted is he dead
no what are we gonna do our meeting huh
what are we going to do who could use
the power of the tickle it could have
been a doctor okay I'm trying to pick
hello soul fire every time we get
analyzed read this Parkson like I don't
know again I get really like clustered
I'm loving a break because it's
summertime what do you guys think this
hand covers this panel screen files down
and just lugging about my color choice
all right
I don't know what to pick
and guess what guys I just met a medium
and I booked in with her for next week
how cool is that Donna was doing
Debbie's nails and she was like yeah
she's medium like what can't wait am I
having it done here in Donna Donna fair
you should kind enough to do that so
excited look at these baby make it be
holding you have been painting this
woman half don't erotic and this one is
really calm new or Bianca I'd like you
know or something you know we are out in
the car and we're not going far but if
that's that's a little bit cloudy it may
even rain but I'm trying not to strain
myself too much on the holidays for the
children they're insane and there's
wording to give me a drain of my life
please save me from my infernal strife
summer holidays they are wonderful when
you were a child but when you are an
adult an apparent it starts to become a
herand that is the worst mistake of your
life
oh my goodness guys look it's one two
three five miles okay I gotta go oh so
one of us you just got back from Donna
and this girl has just been talking all
day and she's just come into her own
like it's so weird it's like oh yeah
that's right
she just started talking like two days
ago she started this whole thing and I
was like wow and if she just won't stop
ah yeah yeah so I brought her to the dot
board by the way this is the chloride on
my mail
excuse me excuse you
anyway mmm can't get worded honestly oh
you won't stop talking so I went to the
doctor with her today for like a checkup
and what else did you say he said that
you were an ATM oh you were an alien
baby oh but you're another planet oh
you're so much he basically said that
she was an alien and that um she's just
she seems so like developed for her age
like for her size as well as she's small
um and she is just acting like an older
baby like she's acting like anybody
she's acting like somebody who's just
beyond her years
which he's not the first person to have
said that about her like I've had a few
people that have met her like especially
like health care people like midwives or
like nurses or doctors have said things
I thought about her like that she just
seems very like just so alert she's like
small but alert and so when the Midwife
Oh would help deliver her she was like
this baby is small because she was small
she was 6 pounds oh not tiny but like
come back to my other two she's like
this baby is small but she is strong
like she was like holding her head up
she was like super alert she was just
like oh my god like don't like
essentially don't be fooled by her side
like because she is intelligent hmm
and she was just smiling at the doctor
the whole time like today I mean um
unlike talking to him and he's like wow
like she is so intelligent and I was
like okay thank you
like it was just really really nice like
I don't know I just didn't expect that
at all but she was in such a good mood
Oh what's up the queue there we are
yeah still talking
still chatting away I'm going to go
downstairs now coffee now very tired
Oh Jonathan guess lost work I met a
medium whoa yeah where's that cuz she's
getting her nails done
mmm at Donna's before me and I didn't
know she was uh need younger I knew you
know remembered I told you not you guys
the story about the psychic I went I
know but she called me out somebody else
yeah so maybe this could be a good one
mm-hmm so I want to go this because like
I know I'm not unlike traditional media
but like overall nothing because I am
what they call the party pooper I'm very
aware I know people are well okay or
yeah well I just think I was tight
without falling apart yeah I'm excited
and tomorrow she wasn't like all like
hippie-ish like you wouldn't ever think
didn't have to meet you I trust mocha de
gran I'll see you later that you oh god
no she just looked really normal and
normal like lady
they just know oh yeah we wonder if you
have any good psychic or medium thing
ceramic and we come tomorrow nobody give
her a contained medium oh yeah like
legitimate well so yeah so Donna told me
like stuff that's happened that was said
to her and that made me think like oh
come on I saw I saw one once and like
literally hmm she said things that even
now 15 years after seeing her it's like
I say to you sometimes like oh my god
Jim
happening oh yeah yeah yeah yeah the
comments tell us the story
Oh
