buongiorno papi protein Piazza bronzer
what does that man have fun today right
I know it's no clue don't fall off the
pillow
alby's not a dog hmm now where's my or
whatever else is called guys look I'm
practicing for my it's early eating
again so congas doh
and now it's any food we have left I was
like you know the day before you leave
to go somewhere for a while it's very
important that you eat all the food in
the house now I've been I've been I've
been organized about eating all the food
in the house and I've got to a position
where there's no food left in the house
apart from the spice rack but I'm not
feeling it I'm not feeling like eating
all the paprika onion salt parsley mixed
herb ginger Organo mint chili powder
nutmeg thyme so then have some italiano
food because tomorrow I'll be eating
italiano food
hey Joel fuss Joel fest italiano
hey Tito fuss yo Vince italiano Nina
and don't forget my real name how's the
brushing going yeah yeah I see now I
seen how you I see now I see how are you
I see now how are you I see you now how
are you I see now how are you I see now
how are you
tangle teasers cuz the regressor used
one means the hair salon for like the
first time and it was like the thing in
boots like yeah and it just glides
through and there's usually Harris is it
like gonna do my hair cuz it's so
knotted but this was like amazing and I
was asking her about it because I said I
wanted to buy it but I wasn't Schwartz
and she said they're only like 10 euros
nice nice nice pick it mate nice bit of
kit yeah mm-hmm Oh being that this is
the day that we're actually leaving guys
um you may have noticed the t-shirt ad
toes did not arrive unfortunately so
it's going to be when we return which
dates definitely be here about the
probably only come on Monday or
something like that but that's too late
oh that's too late you so sorry about
that but it's to defeat at home we'll
get that sorted so I'm pretty sure
you're all gonna be ok bar like one or
two people be like oh my god this is a
quite far you are that's quite far
that's exactly what they sound like so
sorry that also the blog time for the
uploads you're going to be just a little
bit a little bit so maybe super area so
maybe super late just tonight when you
guys know what song that is you the
right audience dented it now I'm
destined to destroy I'm gonna put that
there because I'm in a destructive patch
I'm excited the best way to enter
marriage is to be excited this is it
folks this is it bags are packed ready
to go holy crap holy oh you believe it
is actually here we're actually
since Amy oh yeah all right here doesn't
matter relieving now like we have to
leave my house my mom says mom way like
4 o'clock Oh seems like we're traveling
to America I'm like transatlantic foot
you know that means you get it what time
we in Naples at like 10:00 11:00 voice
like before you can talk about more than
Naples so that's gonna be awesome I am
for the first time ever I've got the
blog well I'm gonna add the blog tonight
on the new laptop but the transfer like
all different programs ever no verse
I've never actually done that so hope it
all works yeah and then I'm going to use
the sheduled uploader on YouTube I've
never used that before although Anna did
a shed roof blog post this morning and
that work which is awesome so I'm gonna
upload it tonight it's let it to go live
so it's gonna go live tomorrow while
we're somewhere flying over like France
or something like that so they're tasty
I try and open it in delicious oh that's
gonna be awesome I hope it goes live I
hope it turns up in your your home page
so box thing otherwise I don't know I
don't know these things I probably won't
be able to get a thumbnail I don't know
I've never done it before I'm excited oh
wait a second this is this is the blog
that why is this in your sub box this is
have a tough day
are you looking at this right now I were
in the cart dude on the noise be super
joy
like a where the guard might spike or
bye-bye bye everybody
bye-bye card hold over my card
see you later card Oh your table over
the tile er okay done it is repeats of
you like dogs or phrases that are I know
that Italian anyway so we're leaving
quick right now we're on the motorway
cruise and a lot albian seen are in the
back such good puppy the silver cap
they're going to some account today that
will be an emotional time what I'm sure
will be alright and yeah on their way so
we actually are doing this or so like it
was so crazy owner leaving the house and
everything and like I had been spent
morning like cleaning and organizing and
stuff and now it's like empty there's no
pony
and then we come back we'll be married
now quark I want you to behave while I'm
gone okay yeah I want I want everything
exactly the way I left it yes you to
Ireland looking at you to Ireland under
this moving cities around all sorts
waiter at it
victory economic situation okay yeah so
I really excited and it's so plain is
like you get all excited and then you
just go to go but they're like I'm still
here you know what is that like seven so
we have to be preparing me up for my
mother's a bit of a 7 April thing well
is like me one thing is that we will not
miss that flight tomorrow yeah but it's
fine like I just
I mean I guess it's better to begin
obviously totally early than late
throughout today because it's the
brand-new Airport Dublin Airport as a
whole new and difficult terminal
terminal 2 it's like brand new have
never been there before so that's
impossible
yeah
I never was it at first he had first
time ever London like we've been on fate
together like me I was Pony I'm very
relieved more than I've ever known in my
life when we were living informant buzz
all the time and I was like going to be
like applying it like every other
weekend or something so that's where the
most am i deploying that I ever did what
yes we only do that but it's big and we
win so we've flown together so many
times we've never plugged it at first on
a plane get name the video next part we
get sneak a snake on just so we can get
to tone down
yes thanks on a play yeah no I don't
think so no thank you
Andrea may I borrow yours - yeah oh
we're in Dublin we're in Dublin it's the
fair city form alone Aaron Copland I
always are you told me competitive
Lando's cross oh noes
hello Newlands oh god okay okay okay
takes a little bit more effort stop the
car when you full of packaging kikuchi
team now normally we're going southbound
mother's house but today we're going
northbound northbound northbound
this one here take it take it take a
little bit of bit of my heart now all
the airport's not not yet when the
airport like a couple of hours actually
I hate this road it's like new it's like
it's so large it's a large road
where does it mean
it's another room oh my god guys I have
never flogged and cast a lot before you
got any you guys live in castle not you
guys live near Davey and Cleveland
awesome let's go up this way I can't
really remember the way though it's
around here somewhere
lunches and village what I thought this
was wait a second so last time I was
down here I think I was about 16 or 17
or something dad's oh I'm trying to draw
this from my young brain so we may or
may not be going the right way or we may
be going the wrong way or well first of
all they're supposed to be around about
back there but not around about to turn
into a motorway so that was my first
problem okay and I was like what the
hell is that why is there a roundabout
that knocked out
please looks a little bit different
between 10 20 years
I take so much in the right Road you
like this guy's like it take it that
she's in bed of Tibet yeah I'm giving
you bed hmm you love it he's getting
treat
we like your mouth I'll be sick sit sit
sit
Shh sit try to resist it it's probably
gonna need them let's stay here for a
week hi guys hi Rena we all emotional
hold it together
hey why's the doggies are Anu Liam we're
like normal people with no dogs but you
know what to be honest I actually don't
feel that and I don't feel that upset
about it because I know that Eunice has
awesome you saw it they're like and
they're really good about it
nice the garden is
you fungus like absolutely huge so I
mean and oh yeah the other thing is that
they have a Facebook page so maybe we
can like leave the link in this
description box so Nick is on my
Facebook because I joined his Facebook
page because we us us all of us I don't
mean discuss I mean all of you plus us
want to know can get updates and like
apparently she uploads pictures every
day like every day and she updates us
and like lets us know what's going on
we're all we're all in the same boat
guys we're all in this together
yeah we're all gonna miss the are little
guys are away so long as none of you try
and kidnap them yeah okay but that's
really cool it has a twitter as well
like she's all like the proper kind of
social networking sites to update and
keep us in tune with everything
yeah it's just really really good so I
feel a lot better if I thought and I do
feel sad because I'll be was definitely
a lot more upset than seen huh first I
was sad
then I was mad
anyways so Alvey was just like he kept
wanting to be picked off by one two by
Jonathan or me and like fatality was a
bit nervous like I'm Encino is all legs
great great fantastic I do it back on
conversations and then Cena was going
around place like sniffing and she was
she like jumped up on into our herd
Oona's dad's arms like she was just like
all over yeah and then she jumped up
onto her sister and was like something
of one predator ends up and Albie was
just like he was like so that's
different
just ate something sandwich but yeah
poor I will be like I just hope that he
kind of gets cam down by Xena and oh my
god her sister who like obviously they
all love dogs and the way they would be
doing this but her sister said that
sometimes you take them up to her
bedroom and stuff and we were like if
you want to you can totally like sleep
with them internet you know you can see
you can go ahead and sleep with my
children yes and she's like okay am I
really actually secretly hoping they do
secretly hope that you will because that
would be really weird guinnesses guys
this is what it's always like in Ireland
guys this is what it's always like an
honor that the Guinness the center it's
a hot store now every road has changed
okay I tried to get to Joplin and none
of it worked I want to go down here I
don't know if I can what I'm going to do
it anyway
look at this tire on weather has gotten
alright I get is oh my god like could
you get any easier is it possible to be
any lazier than this stop reverse
morning oh my god I don't know
stop morning time morning time it's so
cool it's like the best thing ever
oh there's a new glass patio every time
I come here there's like a new part of
the house built this is definitely we
should get what it is so Mama's comin
completely unpacked and repacked
everything so the camera can go into
this this is harvest handle it
okay hey what's he bringing scuse me
that's right what would I know Hey Wow
come on it was it then an SEO my dozen
FPTP is hidden in there it's like huge I
get a massive thanks God
he's like cut down on the french fries
okay you know he's so much slimmer Oh
tonight she may have a well regarded
should probably will have a while well
done Justin on today and then ring
everyone yeah
we're getting some bombay pantry come
down here look this is a good you guys
ever go here I think it's in rap mines
upon trade it's a little pre-flight also
watching James Bond I know it's what it
is though no no no what you want for
your travels and no no it's not
hilarious daily housewife choice that's
for Amazon and it's from Milan well I'm
messy this is very big look write this
up and let's get about five minutes
sleep
