so I wanted to show you guys something
that I was working on because so many
people asked me about a wedding guest
book and I know that things might be
kind of hectic like we ran the wedding
time which is next week oh my god is
that another freaking pimple yes it is
anyway um yeah so I ran the wedding time
next week people are probably gonna want
it like you know leave their message or
you know say congratulations or whatever
like just leave a nice message and I'm
not saying that anybody has to or that I
expect it from anyone that's not what I
mean I just mean like mmm a lot of
people have expressed that to me so and
I want it to kind of not that I want to
organize it and put it all in one place
but it just would be kind of it you know
it's nice to have everything in one
place so that you can go back there and
remember it or whatever and because all
of our like community is online I
thought what better way than to do it
online so um I have a website a wedding
website that I made it's like it was
free it's nothing fancy I'm not doing
like a whole not paying for a wedding
website when you know we have like our
disco Nijo in it in we have like
Berlusconi Jolie's um show as well as
the daily vlogs as well so there's
really no point to pay for something
like that but I just got like a freebie
one that I had with my account on the
knot this is the not calm by the way
it's basically just a wedding planning
website it was really good for me
actually I found it really really
helpful so if you're if you're getting
married or if you're getting ready like
planning a wedding or anything I
definitely recommend the knot because it
gives you like planning tools wedding
checklists wedding budget or when it
gets this what it website everything
everything you need in here look can you
see that five days to our wedding
ah so um it just keeps you on track so I
thought a wedding website with this
with this website yeah this website and
it's free it's nothing fancy or anything
like that but there is the option of a
of a guestbook so I thought that maybe I
would share that with you guys
now I have no like a lot of people are
like oh what if somebody crashes your
wedding I have no like dad my mind that
that's just not gonna happen like
because I just I know you guys like
you're not like crazy people I mean
obviously you never know I just don't
see people and plus the area that it's
and I just don't see people crashing our
wedding like we're not like celebrities
or anything you know so I don't mind
saying where it is plus you all know if
you've seen our invitations like and
it's in five days and it would take a
lot of effort for somebody to kind of
arrange all of that in that short space
of time so I know I'm probably gonna get
a ton of masters being like but aren't
you afraid of stalkers or whatever it no
cuz like it's just the kind of event
that it is like it's just it's not even
possible and plus the hotel like we have
like a s list and anything they're not
gonna let in nobody in if they try to do
that like it's just not gonna happen so
I don't have a problem
sorry I just put this in I don't have a
problem with showing people or telling
people because I just don't I could see
why some people would like so basically
you come in and there's enough can you
even see you there's an about us which
is this one right here a little bit
about us our proposal invitations
ceremony this is the hotel by the way I
to editing assistants they're so cute
uh-huh obvious always do this and see me
didn't care and then all this wouldn't
she like has to get up here as well like
she's kind of more affinity with me
though
yeah like she gets very like what I'm
working in there she'll come and she'll
scratch out me for ages and then I'm
like pacing I pick you up right now and
then she's
keeps your hand so cute just kind of
like on the keyboard like this mm-hmm
kind of like working like all right guys
like I don't want to move them but then
I'm less so not looking forward to
tomorrow at all why no I found this and
I should bring the dogs all the dogs
today
yeah I'm really not at all stopped at
summer camp I know it's horrible you
just think you have to just like you
forget about them for a week oh yeah no
no it's just a fact of leaving like
crazy from our babies what we're doing
some no we know and I don't know her I
know her Jonathan's like well you know
someone that I really trust and like I
know I've never met this person I don't
know I know she's not a crazy some crazy
things I didn't go there oh hey you have
like the perfect lights Tina you have
never had any the worst thing that ever
happened to see now is when she was
squashed in the door and the door yeah
so awful she screamed on the right exact
dream because the door slammed on her an
accident was aslam but it was one of
those that no it closed on her because
she was doing the peepee that side and
the back to our clothes on her because
of the wind and then she just started
screaming and I was just like I didn't
see it it will be M you know you better
come yeah yeah definitely
because obvious and and they have each
other looks which is really nice amazing
yes they sleep together like right now
at the center top feature and once ago I
wouldn't overlap no but now like they've
definitely bonded like she's like the
only other dog that he's totally
comfortable with for anything you won't
stay with Marnie for too long I don't
know what is what mites go away like
yeah so I'm aware that I look at just
sting Matt Rio like I literally did my
makeup in about five seconds
Oh anyways and then also my hair isn't
doing at all Mickey Mouse Minnie Mouse
what's up Manny anyway um so something
really embarrassing just happened so we
were like like if you know anything
about me you'll know that I'm like
ridiculously like dramatic and the
hot-tempered like ice I'm like my dad
like ice cream all the time to people
that are closest to me like not
obviously people in the street but like
like Jonathan and I have like arguments
all the times but like not and anger
anything just like out of like mostly or
passion or whatever so we were Jonathan
tripped over my laptop and he like
freaked death it's the stupidest thing
our plug is in the report yeah it's the
most stupidest place ever in the whole
entire has for to be I can't plug my
laptop in there's like no plugs in our
house it's like the worst layout of
plugs I've seen in my life so the plug
is like in a really awkward place and
literally like my laptop is plugged in
you saw me do it this morning it's
plugged in across with the ways of the
the main front door so every time if the
frickin trip over it's so stupid
so Jonathan tripped over and he freaked
out and then we started screaming at
each other but it wasn't like screaming
at each other like you know seriously
like I'm going to kill you or we're
gonna break up or anything that just
happens all the time next thing our
doorbell rings and the dogs go crazy and
Freight I like I actually thought like
my my heart was like in my math way
because I looked I saw a person at the
door I was going to go enter it and then
suddenly she just stuck some through
something like through the letterbox I'm
literally right away is it that Jonathan
saw her car like speed off I know who
was and then I looked at window I
thought I recognized the card start
opening the card and he was my mom like
one of my mom's close his friend like
longtime family friend that I've known
for years and she what probably happened
this is so embarrassing is that she I
like reading the card it's so
embarrassing some cards all of it like
it's so nice like she is such a nice
person like I was so nice for to do that
I was so angry like when I realized that
we had missed her then it looked my
phone for her number but I don't have
her number because of my phone is just
his phone you've ever met in your life
so anyways um I was reading the card and
it was all like I wish you know you're a
really long beautiful life together and
it's so lovely but she heard us he'll
probably thought we were having a huge
argument and then just just was like
okay I'm getting out of here and that is
so embarrassing
so I have to like just I felt like
running out there but she literally
blazed off so I don't know I feel like
calling her and being like I'm so sorry
wearing having a fight we were just
freaked out because every year because
Jonathan tripped over my and now we're
taking the dogs to the vet so it's all
chaos like this is actually a chaotic
day and they're gonna be upset now
that's the best okay going to the vets
thank god you're here otherwise I would
probably just it's just a quick make
sure that was your father
make sure everything's all right yeah
it's not anything serious hold on hold
on hold on
now we're going to the pet store why are
we going to the pet store because I
don't wants to bring them to the pet
store because last time we're at the pet
store it's a fun game we play is it like
a really nice kind of like walkies put
in and ins I play indoor walkies I'm
just gonna pretend that were interested
in something but we wanted to get the
free num nums we have a new big one will
fall big one you're probably like is it
bunnies happy happy as he is that is
that
mmm-hmm you're not moving around you see
ya
are you terrified it's kind of real dog
happy I'll be this is gay get the pony
Jenna find one god I hear he doesn't
answer
no Daria okay he said like it in
fine what
Oh
okay going like all right guys now pick
the one you want
okay thank you all did oh yeah all right
the tasters oh my god did you do
what see enough stains Oh drunk
amantha taste on
thank God little hottie
no it's sizes are we is that
which is the hairy wall
oh what's the hell
yeah looking and sniffing everything
he's - she's like eight-month hey Bobby
it's funny it's funny
we're looking at each other she's got
the brains again those ones left I
wonder they got jamming them like it's
like beating Willy Wonka's chocolate
factory
Itamar Oh
it's like when you go into the picot
mixing you're a kid you know and just
deal them off okay ready
good boy she going back
a little too excited
Oh Oh mommy's gone to get some tissue
paper to clean up a little purpose did
you please
hmm I forgive makeup I love it for Mike
with a blue bag
hold on oh okay actually and I laid out
all the stuff that she's bringing this
is a nerd stuff I'm just going just to
be good enough for me I think but yeah
when I just lay out your stuff and then
we can kind of start packing everything
yeah here's the lanterns you know so as
much as that kind of Tyler was will
probably fit it all in there actually
good job though yeah because we've never
fit that in there Micro Micro Machines
live longer what Cal god I am a bit
electronics don't you guys my hair my
wedding shoes what do you think come on
they're like yeah London London didn't I
look at those extra Wilhite and money
get out of them said a good name is that
basement and there's something they were
ridiculously overpriced like 110 euros
or something crazy we taught her Oh
small cry hey small fry tallness here's
your heel bigger than my heel I think
you go back to the shopping at bigger
heels pride Missy what are the same well
you're not talking my clothes
take off your stickers don't forget I'll
stick it for race London London based on
you guys dinner
hey guys doing
they are coming have to make sure not to
get emotional on the saying goodbye to
them guys like you know it'll be till
difficult miss Eyre goodbyes now I'm
sorry are you bringing this what is this
it just came out of you okay my closing
up coming up closing time
closing time yeah he's like I want to be
in the best one I want to be the one
that's gonna go oh no no no they're
gonna be happy mmm we just spoke to the
lady the lady who's gonna look after him
she said there's a Labrador there as
well at the time I'm so much fun I never
have treats every day it's gonna be
great guys probably gonna forget about
us there what I'm gonna have so much fun
they'd be like who were those people huh
today's gonna have so much fun did you
like your how big are left for one night
that was different he had the time of
his life
he did because there was like four other
malls to use there's a friend of ours in
them back when we lived in donkey she
had like four Maltese or something so
Ivy stayed with them for one night oh
okay guys if the only embed to that
thing you know where there like freeze
people you know like who you like just
freeze them put them in like a stasis
pod
because they actually are coming with us
well yeah at least a yeah the Commons
open like that when we do all its
packing they're gonna come to Dublin
and she's right near there seeing all
this but then they go in the car
tomorrow morning with us you know I
actually said to Athena it's a girl who
owns the company thing that's like she
was like you Maddox I don't see you guys
12:00 tomorrow I was like I was writing
I was like yeah we're late for
everything so she's like don't worry
about it you know she's like I'll just
text you when I'm leaving cuz she lives
in town and her business thing is
outside so I was like I'll just I'll
text you and I don't even course because
then it's like two and a half three
hours before we get there you know but I
didn't want to leave them in too early
either because then you know but then it
only went too late just in case I don't
know what does well just in case just in
case of the case that solved that just
in case of the case that solved it just
in case of the case that solved it now
let's get some now huh
look at me guys packed and ready to go
look at Anna I have one line actually
you can just fit it all in one frame
look socks socks t-shirts shirts pants
but uh these things this role here this
role in there
carry on yeah well they're they're
fragile fragile like Italian reserve
anything like you like my t-shirt
t-shirt though do you have a t-shirt
though
but I doubt your oh this is the ocean a
cohesion you like ocean for without the
couch in couch
alright I'm gonna be daddy Italian you
guys excited for my Italian I say I'm
gonna be like talking made of Jo Paso
Italian to everybody you're gonna get
you really really so ciao bella ciao
bella
all right coming to the pear wooden
table
yeah I know we're doing operations like
reaching for the camera and then you
stop and I was like nuts and I like that
we have not had lunch today it's like
six o'clock and we haven't had lunch you
bring your brush with you this is my
food brush come on starving okay come on
seriously I need to I need to eat
something
maybe Santa Claus come on let's go
