Oh righty IG fly G hi guys hi stranger
stranger danger stranger danger stranger
danger stranger danger stranger danger
stranger danger okay guys now we are
shows they eye I found a piece of music
that I think would be beautiful to be
played at my wedding would you like to
hear a snit and pitot okay so we're
going with mandolins and guitars guitars
like a guitar as it was less key more go
no and then yesterday in the car I said
it was a mandolin all right we got rid
of the mandolin oh crap yes we totally
over it Amanda apparently the violinist
the violinist is sick or something was
it just there's something going on I
don't know what's going on just
something we're not it's not funny at
all so we don't have a violinist anymore
so we got a mandolin I was like oh I was
like we're getting a mandolin I think of
like Robin Hood you know and his Merry
Men you know but then em so I removed it
around and I found a song okay you guys
want to hear a snitch pitch okay
mm-hmm imagine doors open silence
upon their bride I like the little what
do you think guys
you think it's a good song for the
pairing for the walkie apiece I think
it's a good song I think it's great time
I never even thought about that
cuz you think might be here comes the
bride room I have to go tonight it's
called the wedding march and I'm - one
is in Sorrento
oh so Lamia Santa Lucia that's the model
the bellows I love it if I rock but yeah
what you guys think I think it's awesome
being out I'm getting married on a
Thursday this is the last Friday of my
life as a single man okay I can just
hear all the ladies around the world
crying it's like tear going no no one
more good man has been lost to the
marriage I'm sorry ladies I'm not
marrying a black sorry Landis all the
single ladies back up back is back
yourself up hmm was the last Friday in
my life when I do it this Friday should
I follow forward or something well the
Friday oh it's an emotional time you
guys even note the emotionality look at
her she doesn't even know she doesn't
care take care
no no no no guys it is Friday
you know what Friday means Friday Friday
gotta get you some junk food or anything
gonna get some mac down bad a Papa
loving it you are gonna go with the
pizza route but we decided not to and
Mauro stain with the Smurfs Marnie give
me my Smurf give me my Smurf Marty
that's seen a smurf prisoner Marty loves
the toys
pepperoni's a crapper Rudy's spit those
alive
my name's then foundation routine for
acne pron sin you guys check that out so
today's video is pretty gonna be small
like yesterday's video possibly
tomorrow's video as well it's just guys
understand over crying just come up to
the wedding ding ding ding ding
but obviously the wedding meaning me
Minnie is going to fulfill your life
it's gonna fulfill everything it's gonna
be 15 hours long
seriously we're just not ever gonna
enter but he's gonna press record we've
got like a magic card it likes lips and
tobacco this record is like 24 it'll be
a 24-hour video yeah
I think not I think not much though
where do they go yeah I'll be long he
could be long won't be too long like
it's not gonna be I definitely I don't
know how it's gonna be a mighty boring
I'm feeling really boring and crap and
I'd be like oh my god and black fighters
so we start telling up and thank God so
please forgive me no not water to boohoo
please forgive me can't stop loving you
so we won
that's painless has a different color
we're going to make done
but Friday and Fridays as we are fat and
Friday and if we're going to get people
we're gonna get one I like these have
you here this is like pretty flattering
I mean I wasn't thinking probably
fattening I'm asleep not that my
daughter we actually went to the Machine
I was trying to prove to Johnny cuz I
was like I don't want to get pizza cuz
it's way too like fattening and stuff
not flattering it's been flattering on
my cut my clothes slandering on my
extra-large pants I was trying to show
Jonathan so I I was showing him like how
bad it is another one slice is like your
daily allowance well not really but like
I think you trouble if you put in five
slices so that's a new Liam McDonald's
doesn't offer me that bad in moderation
the better I donate my talents every day
kids
but once in a while if today I sat on
the m4 in a Twinner down I asked the
question and you guys you guys can be
involved if you're not following me on
Twitter but I said if you had to choose
between double fries and a small cheese
burner or single fries and a double
cheeseburger
what would you go it say I'm all about
the fries you know I'm a minimum fry man
Fryman would you go would you go fries
mr. fry man mr. primont mr. fry man my
name is mr. prime is my friends Paul
Simon now anyways so my choice is a
happy meal I like to get a happy
yeah it's Murph toy today yeah I hope I
get I do get a smart boy cocina and
Marley are always fighting over that
Smurf boy how is she not freezing that
girl isn't like pop I've seen that so
much
the girls are in a hot pants point what
do you think that is like a question
block
would you wear hot pants and a little
crop top that makes you look all like oh
she's like she said she that for a good
time right but it's freezing and you're
like no I would never do that
would you wear like the polar neck and
the onesie even though it's not very
flattering but you nice is nothing warm
that is a ridiculous question there are
so many other options and those two
extremes anyways no I would never like
I've never been
not that I've never been like that I
don't mean I've never been like slutty I
mean like I would never sacrifice my
health or my like the body temperature
that I have for like sexy clothes never
like even if I'm going at you know at
night and Ireland is pretty cold like at
night and anyways I would never like I
would wear jean rather wear jeans and
like a big heavy coat like around
Christmastime you know when you go for
those Christmas parties and stuff and
we're all dressed up and they're wearing
like short skirts with like no time I'm
like totally long as I stick my tights
but I'll go all out like if I'm on
holiday or something and like you know
you're in Turkey or Croatia I know
someplace like really hot in the summer
and that's fine but I wear whatever I'm
like you'd be respect yeah for that you
girls put it
we respect the sacrifice that you make
yes that's what I mean like I remember
when I was younger I would wear like not
like slutty clothes I don't think I was
ever slutty was never slutty but I would
like compromise my eye health because
I'd wear like short and I'd be freezing
and I'm just like what is the point like
seriously how uncomfortable I mean
wearing heels already is used to be
uncomfortable but like that's something
I can live with but like seriously don't
freeze yourself just because you think
you look hot because chances are if you
are freezing you probably don't look hot
you probably look like an icicle or
something yeah so so this is art you
want to tell them about how we found
McDonald's it took us ages to find this
because it was like last week you're a
person I should this retail location
like I don't even know what this is
because the sign is on the motorway Mac
knows next exit to get it like we drove
right everyone town everywhere that
night to try and find us and eventually
we'd actually pretty much give it up and
I was like what is that one tiny little
side street but come on we'll be
thorough and we'll have a look there
turn out to be here we dunk your lungs
look at this new team accountant 20
share bucks
Dana I better not keep talking back cuz
I walk up there's anybody share box 20
share boxes that's like a thousand
nuggets or something
what'd you get what'd you get what'd you
get that's the raisins raisins guys oh
who is it oh these guys huh what's this
what's this open a guy you just give me
a second Cena to try and open it for you
oh there you go have fun have fun at the
time of your life have the time of her
life
the lifetime now get some television on
the go and what the frickin show a while
eat my man
Donald do you love us do you have love
for us do you have love for us tell me
alright yo where are you Cena oh hello
you're so wait mmm-hmm whoa smart
driving
there's the midnight wash guys but it's
not midnight not midnight anymore okay I
found that like I don't like to have to
do things you know I'm not moving much
of a half door I thought like look I've
gone to McDonald's let me just follow
through and complete it by getting some
dolly mix from popcorn you know no oh
look at that stuff we totally forgot
about that
oh my god you're a totally twenty bucks
I'm Sherman oh my god whatever you are
totally obsessed who are you in a valley
or something you guys don't sound like
you're Irish like Taylor sound like a
fake American accent excuse me while I
drill there cuz that's just how I roll
tomorrow's well as I said you guys I
don't know how are you dare and there at
the same time it doesn't make any sense
how you're in both places at the same
time they're hanging and hoeing focus
focus focus micro there's so many
there's so many as everybody accounted
for is everybody accounted for
oh I thought I saw a Lamar twice I saw
you but you what again to Norway what
no so guys I know was a kind of shore in
tomorrow's vlog is Amman fYI it's name
you know the Swart but these these
couple of days are so difficult because
because I'm just doing a thing very
shortly and it's
very difficult but you know what I was
on blogtv last night and if you weren't
on blogtv well I don't know what to do
with you
