I don't know if it's my upcoming wedding
or if I'm experiencing my first
menstrual cycle but I am increasingly
emotional about everything these days
it's like everything is just like either
upsetting me or I'm just feeling down
I'm feeling excited I'm just like all
over the place is such a and I was
thinking like you know come to wedding
or like why did you get so emotional
about the wedding and stuff and I think
maybe I do I don't know I just feel like
I'm all over the place about so many
different things you know but like my
family and you know what's expected oh
my gosh thank you just every time we
watch like TV or something there is a
wasp nest Oh what should I do
should I like spray something there or
like put something in that but clearly
there's obviously a wasp nest inside
that wall what's next how do you finish
filming your visio I need to show you
something let me pay for you something
take my hand come on they moisturize yes
one to show her won't be alarms now
don't be alarmed okay I have found
epicenter come this way you need to walk
out here I don't want to do though I
like it obviously the high was in there
look that's what I said do you think we
should just leave no just come here by
mistake like I've never been stung or
anything okay guys don't be alarmed
don't be fooled by the rocks that I've
got are you feeling emotional these days
or is it just me
yeah every day I cry about something
right there hey do what a lovely day for
a drive in Qatar
Oh God I got my wipers on hypermode turn
it down turn it down and then pull into
this thing if it's not as dramatic as it
was a second ago
we're going to get to the wing moves leo
I think I was like go to Judy frame
under way gently pick up like any old
wedding are you there so really rather
like or we could buy a back a bracket a
barn breath makeup more free rings yeah
how's it go plan right well I uh clearly
don't need these anymore
listen oh goodness oh goodness you know
what I'm not gonna miss this next week
when I'm sunning myself in Sorrento down
by the pool on my head like you're gonna
we're gonna appreciate it way more yeah
yeah it was like a heat wave here you'd
be like oh this is nice enough but you
see that that's a no Liam next week
this'll be me I remember Easter on
holidays what like when we're in Ireland
or now is small and
I remember every single time like we go
to like Turkey or Italy or likes
everybody hot you know and have an
umbrella and then we come back and like
sue my mom's friend my best friend who
like always kind of watered her plans or
gonna did stuff like said the cast or
whatever she'd be like oh we had a
heatwave while you were gone and every
single time they'd have a heatwave I
know that now it's like you guys let us
know we're having a heat wave in Ireland
we're gone okay we're just lied to us
and tell us it's snowing
Hurricane Katrina has somehow made it
across the Atlantic and it's it
up like a vacuum cleaner
oh yeah I'll be like sitting on my
floaty floatiness I'll be on my floaty
with my my Cosmo are there my car's mail
flow tonight morning chaps think of my
Cosmo when is the Cosmo is it tasty name
it what do you drink when you're sitting
on a beach you have like smoothies or
something and that'd be nice nice
smoothie sitting back she's got a
waterproof camera probably a bit late
considering of Thursday and I'm flying
on Sunday
like the echo innocence you why do you
do that oh you know just pay her nuts
and I have the dodgy shoe
it makes me clippity-clop down
music kippa wow it's guys gone for a
second it's gonna come back it's gonna
make a return just hop along wedding of
them the wedding gets booked what
everyone just like writes in our
Facebook wall son I have windows
nowadays
I didn't know any these one you try so
that's everything started now we are
done oh this is what we need what about
one jeez this is really important it's a
dual stick pack mean that was like one
massive big pencil issue just not
cooking cookery duck curry wings and our
tools and rings and our fingers so the
car park exit traffic is absolutely
insane lee baca paris we decided we're
going to just go back in town isn't even
from a play again in an hour
where shall we go to get some nom nom
would you like to go to you gosh and
puffy
and yet see this range so we decided to
come to emulsion coffee then you guys
want at the course meetup this is where
we had the coordinator actually not
recopy contacted afterwards and they're
like this is a regular thing you guys
gonna come actually you might a welcome
it's fun times vibes like I'm getting
the biggest chocolate laughs but just my
Vegas Network
but during the car we tried them on in
the car you can hear my for a minute
hopefully we won't go to hell yeah nice
really happy because of you weird I
totally would but you know what you like
okay feeling slightly distressed after
eating this monster apple pie this is
almost done but if you want to see what
this look like originally go to my
facebook page or check out my Twitter
did I put a picture over the bridge you
need this is like a half way to a
halfway point but I knew this definitely
picked up okay this is this is the most
emotional I've ever seen live every day
I cried everything hits me some points
in the day like moments ago as walking
at Patrick Street on the verge of having
a nervous breakdown
stroke crying emotionally dropping to my
knees screaming and now this chocolate
cake has brought me down for a moment
question the day isn't over yet nothing
weird or anything but I'm in a toilet
here's the toilet paper thing what the
hell is that
do some comments okay we need a sturdy
walk the walk out out Mina did got
somewhat better though from an evening a
chocolate okay tasty chocolate cake
we're actually in Super Value in town it
was right beside the car park and I was
like this waste as much time as I can
and I was like let's get food iou's
Cheerios for weekend hi what's in it
salmon check how to check white sauce
mashed potato
okay oh it's the one is there a big one
oh yeah - okay yeah I thought we just
done one and then see if our our plan
paid off is the traffic in Oleum sorry
ma'am
come on in look the traffic is a no Liam
Nina and apple pie totally that one that
way better
I'll everyone the car come when I got
out of the car everyone's like what are
you doing you can't do that you have to
wait in your car
