my bad behavior my bad behavior
I let my bad behavior my behavior I
don't know how I came across it when I
came across chiidren song someone else'
comment on the video I clicked on their
profile then they had featured it I
think something like that but somehow
somehow I ended up and I was like on
yeah lashing rain guys indoor indoor
drying today
it's like storming rain rain scenes but
it's like I was saying this on Twitter
this morning it's like storming rain and
you're like oh crap you know so you put
your raincoat on and by the time you get
to the door it's sunny again you're like
readily putz so you walk back inside
take off your raincoat you come outside
and it's sunny again you're like wart or
it's rainy again it's just like
ridiculous sunny and rainy every 10
seconds
I can't you can hit it what I think we
should do this rune outfit fix ofp you
know me I'm open me how many dates are
wedding it's like a hundred and forty
hours to our wedding day I'll be married
in hundred forty hours whatever we are
off into town to the big city or
headland with mayonnaise
we're going to do a lot so it's very
important then we also have to go pick
up my ring because my tree Rizal my
Rabia is ridiculous it's like
I'm not even going to talk about
and basically Jonathan's during this
mind of mine
elephant so yes we're doing that we
should get your ring as well delivered
today instead you'll be in a cocoa okay
freak out your hair straightener thinks
you get here um curler try to ignite the
opposite is great um and then we have to
also get I need to get my earrings for
the wedding so you know what I'm getting
and then I also need to get my
bridesmaids gifts which I know what they
are which are 100 euros each
you got a joke what no of course listen
you come again we have a million dollars
in our bank end well
anyway how much did Kim's Bank I heard
that Kim Kardashian got everything for
free I know
hello I don't know I'm not like nothing
for grief or nothing at all like oh no I
got I got my makeup brushes so don't
Elise sponsored by a nice body job body
shop that's have credit at the end one
turned white who else but I think
sponsors like when they actually pay you
do still room for it so if you guys want
to get your sponsorship in yeah I'm
still hot we can put an ad in the middle
of the wedding oh yeah
head on down to Johnson tires ya know
but anyways um what's to this image
again oh yeah so just get them and then
I have to get the lantern because um my
bridesmaids are because I'm not a
flowers girl
never have been I don't like floral
prints on a on clothes like I'm just not
into flowers like at all I like plants
I just don't really like flowers that
much and I really am NOT a flowery girl
let's just put that in there I am having
a bouquet obviously but it's like simple
white roses like nothing else like I'm
just so low-key when it comes to flowers
there's floral centerpieces but they're
not like really floral E or anything -
same white roses Johnson's Buitoni air
is a white rose and the top table that
are not the top team of what like yeah
the top it's not what it's called
it's where the efficient is going to be
also altar item Altaria like sorry at
all dude Oh doctors gonna have a
centerpiece eating like the floral thing
and then that's it with flowers so what
I'm doing for my bridesmaids and my
flower girl who I guess technically now
is in the flower girl but anyways
case I'm going to have them holding up
burying of lanterns with little night
lights in them but the night lights are
actually being bought by a Francesco he
bought them yeah because they're fake I
got this tip from people on YouTube
actually they were like battery yeah
they're fake candles and they flicker
and everything and like because Sophia
my niece my goddaughter who's my flower
girl for my lantern girl she is only six
so I thought it would be a bit dangerous
if she had to carry like a candle or
just didn't happen like her dad would
kill me so um that's what I did and he
got them he sweated them I was getting
stuck in from eBay for like a really
cheap price and I'm going to get the
lanterns and then we'll be set I don't
know
and he was like oh so now you owe me
like fifty billion dollars because he
was joking because it was so like dirt
cheap I think they were like
so I have the processional order like
let me know if you got married or
anything or if you were in a wedding or
at all let me know what your like order
was because I'm kind of gonna do I think
I know what I'm going to do I think the
general rule is that your mother like
the bride's mother has to be seated last
like nobody should be seated after the
bride's mother happens if your mom does
it sound we all off like Crossett know
every time she Susanna what that's it
no like isn't she's the last person
before the bridal party
and then I think I think so this is what
I'm doing but you can let me know in the
comments like what you did for yours but
what I'm going to do is like all the
regular guests sit down and then
obviously there's special people like at
the front so special it will be um I
think
yeah I think it's like
grandparents go first so there's only
one grandparent there is when my
grandmother way so she goes first
she doesn't have to like you know do a
whole like procession there's no like
you need for get out but basically she
gets seated then after like all the
other guests
then the
parents the groom's parents which is
just your mom so your mom and fire
didn't bargain giving by that and then
what's next then I think the mother of
the bride but she has to be escorted by
her brother and I have another brother
power s prayer brother I have a spare
brother because my other brothers
walking me down the aisle just like oh
no but there's no one to walk her in
because there has to be like a man
Walker in so my other brother Stefan I
was gonna walk her down and then nobody
can seat be seated after that then we're
all standing your mom walks down with
Stefan oh yeah then the music starts
then matching Sophie no no then no no
then you and Simon have to walk in but
you can walk in like it over in there
first no you you walk in like a
different because she's the last person
seated so then all the standing people
commit but you don't have to walk down
the aisle you can come into my brother's
when I'm around she's up the top just
like hanging about yeah but that's what
I mean like
the family members that I just mentioned
they're not part of the recession it's
just the order of chemical
this one at the point and so you and
Simon commits like from the solute or
whatever we can treat you trapped in a
roof or like a rope could drop down and
so then they're standing there and then
it goes brightspace now you can do like
maid of honor first but I'm just going
to do with them by height
I'm trying to give an order just way I'm
just going to do it my height that's how
my brothers like my sister-in-law my
brother's wife did it and I thought that
was really nice she did like my height
so like Erica Emma
Emma Kirstie
those flower girl and the ringbearer
before me
and they have to go together to the
program sister and their twins
thank you
so Jonathan is annoyed because we're not
having here comes the bride as our
wedding music and he's always wanted and
what when is it I don't know what when
it is because we don't live and forget
Italy so I can't meet position which was
marriage eating that's just like yeah so
no one sings it like that no one has the
most annoying voices you don't
understand irritating it is to live with
you sometimes you're actually so
appeared people love me for 20 minutes a
day yeah right living with him like
seriously I actually think my ears are
peaking well commander this is
Neapolitan oh it was no song there a
mambo mambo italiano that's not what I
meant
what about my brother had Canon indeed
yeah well no I don't want that because
you don't have it a quartet it's two
instruments
and I know well I don't know any Italian
Tom's
your italiano you got Mariana no don't
answer this question this is so stupid
yeah what are you supposed to do just
leave me dizzy
no just a grave a son so I can put it
into YouTube and I can listen to a
couple of different songs no I'm going
to meet to chew it the two musicians and
I'm going to be like well what would you
like to play what you usually pair which
one I would tell it'll be like food I
like that one I don't like that one you
know any general field because it's it's
pointless to go there and be like I'd
like to go to walk down the aisle to
Beyonce singles it yeah all the thing
lettuce like nothing stupid and they'll
be like well forever by the mandolin
player and I'm like I got rid of the
mandolin no we didn't Dumbo I thought
you go wrong Haiti thank you like oh god
where you got guitar guitar any guitar
yeah guitar bass and Garth Brooks or
something no see that's what you think
you're like whom do you know this song
like no I'm just gonna be like what do
you usually play at your weddings kid we
don't know we've never done a wedding
before
give me something yes they have Antonio
is sick today so Leonardo has taken out
that's more than half
we Donatello will be there there's no
way out
nobody is named okay going to put you
guys want to come into the Popo box okay
you have to be really quiet okay don't
cause a scene because we only get caught
okay so really quiet okay
now is it guys digital exciting
everything is definitely not the rings
oh I want a glossy box huh come on get
the Ripper get to the good stuff it's
now in Ireland classy box then you guys
ever use glossy box it's been in the UK
and America is it yeah and now it's in
Ireland which is really like major
because I wanted it to be okay maybe I
should take picture that yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's not ready okay
unhhhh words to the Mahone Ian Plutonian
hi hi Chattanooga did
what's your name ping-mei Caesar Marcy
Mason
is it may see you never go from a team
mom that from Chattanooga
she said Chi Chi been a mistake our
family what fancy want stay high to
Chattanooga Thank You Man Bentley family
wants to cop Chattanooga
anyways little chat new know which is
like I love the way she talks is like
the best ever
okay jokingly people jokingly now on the
website they said they had them here
they have these things like lanterns
they're like proper lanterns hold on the
ground like like I'd like is this the
love section
that's not the one though that kind of
is it no was empty was definitely empty
we're closed for closing in folks is
that was empty
Papa not green I am we specifically said
no green it's a no green no green is
allowed I know some common racist but
I'm just saying I mean okay you know and
I mean I'm a little against me
all over these ones
okay they weren't so like just imagine
don't think that's not ever ever ensure
Julie hey what do I want ADIZ yeah
they're cute what that was a joke
20 no way Jose
we need more sponsors I know like these
are weird night
like a huge six you're a good shot I am
okay what are you gonna do afterwards
plus we gotta we gotta bring it then ya
know this something small it's got to be
small turtle not like that that's a bit
big hey why don't we just meet over in
the corner yeah yeah count like hole -
listens go right here go down here okay
so is that a no Liam in debenhams
website yeah I heard all the website and
that's not what's here is just not right
here is it recording
Oh was it sorry sorry
I'm a cupcake maker anyone knows
directly this I'm not talking something
like my family one of those so yeah they
had lower
heart lanterns that's what I wanted
we don't
Oh perfectly fugly right that's where we
going tres eyes get accessor ah is this
for all the bridesmaids yeah good man
you start the wedding go
an apple we got a horse an apple a spear
little spear oh oh yeah it's this one an
owl you get like different wins for food
ah an owl a giraffe photographer yeah
what this I don't like that idea last
night
if everyone had won an m1 he goes their
dresses right killer tone boom boom I
should be like a personal shopper or
something all right
okay oh my god don't just stand there
look at these things they like to get
little stone living stones of love
hearts in them intellectual just pull
them it's like perfect okay yeah buddy
yeah but evening beholder eat your hands
you're walking up take the stones it
know the weight is the glass at this
stage yeah they feel cool looking even
real small ones yeah they're awesome
she's very heavy very secure yeah I
don't you hold it for just took the
aisle okay oh yeah I tell you something
everything
dr. yeah wedding thing is a huge bag
here oh that's a pretty good parking
spot
this is my cell padding suits kind of
like black like ye that's pretty far
down B I'll bet you didn't
about a mega boost for underwire support
whoo mega boost you just
Hey look these ones have like removable
pads does that even mean me
kicks nothing no what do you think
anything here jump out at you I don't
know I think like it you were saying
bite him in the airport yeah I just
don't really like that I don't realize
risk yeah I need a pair of toffee toes
hi I'd like to be toes ones that make me
look like I have a beach all day
that's nice but it's a onesie a tooth
either hey therefore man yeah like a
togs or shorts I just get shorts because
I wasn't gonna be like athletic and
swimming why are they just here though
are they sure they're for men yeah how
are the recent world I don't know boy -
just randomly in the middle of all the
movies are bathing suits
look I could have an old man hat when a
net goes and tries on stuff in this
section because you're always like
wandering around when she's inside if
they like to walk around you're kinda
like no I have a girlfriend she's inside
I'm not just like hanging around the
lingerie section that guys off the Tesco
we go today we go nordicist
she holds stomping ground that's where
we've got it all we've got
bridesmaids you've got fountains
lanterns it's all done the only thing
we're missing is one small thing which
didn't arrived and the Popo but
hopefully it will arrive in next few
days that's everything Dunsey oh the old
stopper wounds
she has remembered his places are
bringing sort of a tear to your eye
being here is it too much is it too much
baby Peter no holy ogre binds in Tesco
food just to be in the hole you know
here Tesco how's it going how's your
father
the Tesco miss me we're going to give me
a home I'm open for hugs at Tesco and
see me a hug
