good morrow it's tomorrow time ah this
day next week Whovian nepali old but no
I don't know but eternity example but
English is Italian is it what are you
saying in 1 John no come on sky is that
right whoa I don't know
come aside we're meeting her Uncle Tony
know so I'm like but how practice really
got to pay right but you're not on me no
cut the sky but then if he replies to me
are like Popeye like up we got battle
I'll be like see Bravo
take the day plan yo who brought
Manhattan always do Abby's idea Joe
saying I like Oh mrs. Joe Lee and are
you gonna take down his name and stuff
and it's like we've addressed it a
couple of times so we could address it
again
but people like you guys tired of being
around for a while probably know what
we're going to do with are not the Mamas
well I just have to comment on Facebook
it I was like then I think it was like
oh so you're gonna mean like you're
gonna take down his name and I was like
but I think I should stick with Anna
because if we're both called Jonathan if
you just be really confusing you don't
find that funny but I find it funny what
husband there I tell you oh god oh god
oh god I have not cut my hair
since October that's kind of the benefit
of having the blog all that used to not
Yuri yeah almost a year this is like
true real life though because I know I
can say not recently but it is because
I'd never cut my hair like ever like
that's just me in general it's not like
the one time like I could pretend to you
guys we like well usually I always cut
my hair but I don't I actually let it
get this long and without cutting it and
now it's got low split ends which is
just fantastic
fantastic Johnny always says when he's
like angry is so funny what Jonathan's
like upset or angry about something and
you're gonna be like you're like
fantastic that's fantastic no it's got
any more like fantastic so funny he's
like always it's right now it's like
that's what I do to annoy him like
fantastic fantastic
anyways so I don't know why you like
don't say that when you're in a good
mood so it's like only a bad mood things
about and it's like rare but it's just
when he like angry at me or something
like we'll have had a fight or something
and then I'll be like oh my God look at
that nice tree oh it's so pretty
fantastic that's how I know he's angry
at me but anyways so it's pretty hard so
I haven't cut my hair since last October
if you want to go back and check you
don't believe me and last time I got a
cut I got a cut like up to here though
so I got like all my dead end like cut
off now this thing I don't need quite a
good idea but I I brushed my hair
because usually a lot happens if I go to
the hairdresser's until be like you
didn't brush your hair like don't I only
work my hair if I'm like straightening
it or something like I don't wash my
hair it's like if I'm wearing it
naturally curly because it just looks
like frizzy mess it's not not to be wavy
or curly hair you know exactly what
documented
we're like a different breed this is
like curly hair and straight hair and
like they're very different but anyways
um and I don't even have super curly
hair I have just like wavy hair but it's
very like textured thick like sometimes
like even a little bit coarse so and
it's very hard for me to get my hair
like very smooth and sleek so every time
I go to the hairdresser's
universitaire did you like even if I
brush it the day before I just get so
tangled and like crazy so they always
get angry at me and then they're always
like all when was the last time you cut
your hair
Oh about a year ago and then they and I
agree at me for that and then they also
usually am like oh my hair is very thick
they don't believe me or they just kind
of don't do anything about it and I'm
like no seriously you're gonna know now
my hair is extremely thick like yeah
okay
then they wash my hair and then you go
to brush it after they wash it out and
they're like kind of get the brush
through and I'm like oh yeah it's also
very very timely and they're like I'm
just going to get an uneven conditioner
no I'm just gonna get some health care
it's gonna yeah and they go away enough
to get like different special brushes
for my hair it's so tangley when it gets
wet and then they're like um styling at
her like cutting it or whatever and
they're like your hair is very thick
like I told you I actually told you my
hair doesn't look that stick to some
people sometimes but like it really is
like it's really thick and I think it's
like my actual
like every strand is just like say like
I don't know but it is very thick even
though people on like on YouTube ever
since I started doing YouTube and I
would mention that I would mention that
my hair's they could neighbor like - no
it's not like I dunno it's not your hair
so yeah so I just kind of have learned -
I have to tell my hairdresser like
everything about my hair in the
beginning otherwise I kinda like I find
out so yeah thank you you're gonna be
frightened when you fresh brush my hair
because won't be able to presumably to
tango next thing you're gonna want to I
always say that is all I can use the
thinning scissors on my hair just like
no I don't think so cuz it'll be too
thin and I'm like no no you will need to
and then she goes ahead and she watched
that everything and then she goes to
comb it out and she's like yeah I will
actually use the fitting scissors you
were right I'm like yeah the same place
well the back of where I went to male 1
and that girl like just to hear I'm very
impressed like she did exactly what I
told her to do she did not try and do a
quasi modo yeah I'm sweating and just
fine like did I follow the instructions
was it Moto's no Quasimodo was the guy
the Hunchback and not yeah
wasn't it so I just feel like your
batteries flashing here oh I forgot to
change it out
this gives you a problem
you might not want you know might not
see me getting like a soft cuddly cuddly
I have a system you know I've got all
the batteries and stuff and then yeah
you're very good for indoors there was a
rock looks across across once learn how
you Potter get rid of the crooks the
rock cooks are you talking man I'd kill
one send the battery charge
I don't know I have a process the
process got interrupted Rock looks
whatever the still art under such as
kind of videos or plans
she's like she probably subscribed she's
like oh my god need to get my before and
still yay I really really like it
obviously it's a lot I can't blow dry my
hair like this are all have no idea I
had to do it go traffic
I know because my hair is so thick and
then she was like mistake you ate just
blow dryer hair I was like I usually
don't bother looks like I can't do this
like it's way too time-consuming so um I
love it she put some layers in
and she just kind of softened it up a
bit because it was a little bit blunt
the last time and yeah and then she just
blow dried it with a little bit of
volume because I didn't want it like
poker straight or anything like the end
there but flipped it so it's perfect I'm
very happy give me her card and
everything so because that's like our
new like local well I like my girls yeah
polish or something yeah what a night oh
no my hair is like she was really nice I
was talking to her about like hair
products and stuff said about their
wedding they think that's nothing oh my
next 50 turn on to the price yeah holy I
wanted to like stress or anything you
know the way like Owen despite the way
this is for my wedding new message comes
up you know I didn't want to say that
she's like whatever we should have gone
we should have broken oh my God look
what food and water genovia's here now
you know I didn't those rabbits we got
here look at him he's like a little
anger or something
mm but already know
oh right I'm sorry I second for bunny
rabbits
oh I know what I was looking at and read
hello
all that the birds at least have my like
has a girlfriend we had a rosary and
these are the birds - the blue ones
there went away it loads them
oh no for something your spider in here
probably you know when the lights on
some sort of a lizard do you have a
lizard
he's got these things as well this isn't
he my cousin was saying and what that
hasn't somewhere you see my cousin was
rendering happiness for we pick you up
like massive ones and I dictating to
them is it mini junior that mini genius
mmm look at this thing like a massive
one again science plan a few because if
you actually have a giant puppy like
this there's food there's food safety
for Giants or a giant arrow
oh there's pink juniors then you see the
pink junior space look we can taste it
yeah mm-hmm
pick a mix so cool is that a cat bed
it's nice and solid it is they'd love
that look at this food here we're just
gonna roll that's this one here we're
gonna go this one look exclusive kibble
now we need to pick up some of this for
when Marty comes around as well of
course so how do you guys were kind of
wondering and asking me in the last
comments or the last video about you
know why am i doing like it's dieting or
so with my friends and stuff you know I
was like you don't have any friends and
stuff into guys guys and like the
decisions that I've kind of made in the
last four or five years wasn't right but
finally find out why no weirdo yeah I
don't know anything ready to the wire
you off on that island if it's a crazy
way to do that's the Australian thing
we're having today but I am it's kind of
like you know I talked about this about
the Packer or their happiness pursuit of
happiness and I'm just saying that like
you know in life like when you get older
you want to do things that might be
different and what I wanted to
pursue my happiness you know when I
wanted to just leave the things that it
was expected of me to do and search out
for something that would give me a sort
of an all-around happiness where I
believed that you could actually find
you could actually have every element of
your life satisfied not to have a real
good job but an unsatisfied relationship
but I have like a good relationship an
unsatisfied career or or a satisfied
friendship or a good social circle and
there's so much unsatisfaction leveled
with slight satisfaction with sort of
you know and then you're doing what you
kind of are supposed to do and stuff
like that so I went out in a pursuit in
you know I'm getting married this week
feel like my dream girl but I probably
could have never taught that I've ever
meet someone that I would be like 100%
like I've had like I don't know like
about 15 or 20 like long relationships
you know like couple of months to a
couple of years not a couple years but
like two years or a year or something I
you know had a lot of girlfriends
because I've been happy that searching
you know and no one's ever given me that
perfect all-around satisfaction but
isn't I've never ever looked at Ana and
subconsciously talked in my full private
uncensored conversation in my head and
talk to myself
she was when she could just that annoys
me just never ever you know every day I
saw her in Long Island in Washington
Street I remember just down in there I'm
a friend John you know and I looked over
and I thought like wow that girl is a
man and that's it and I cannot believe
that here we are like four years later
and I'm actually getting married in the
next week like that is incredible to
think that and then the other big aspect
to your life is your career and stuff
and like I would never have thought that
I would be self-employed
and what I'm doing now you know with the
vlog that I do you know Ana those with
the star like everything that we do and
never have dreamt up because I hated
every job I did no matter what it was I
do it for a while wasps didn't like that
I could do it for a while and then I
would get so bored like and I have had I
have worked as like a car
mechanic I have worked as an engineer I
have worked as like a satellite
installer I've worked as like a hard
graft Road digger over I've worked as
like I worked in the stock market
selling stock market portfolio things
what the hell I don't know I've been a
Salesman I've had a sales car being a
manager of you know market here be an
advantage here I've ran pure events like
being business he's just won every job
you could possibly think oh I'm so more
swimming instructor lifeguard
choreographer gymnastics teacher like
just any getting up I have tried it I
was in a bath I've tried everything I'm
not always after a while I got bored
after a while it was just some part of
me lacked satisfaction and I finally you
know when I went back to college and you
know I lost everything I lost all my
friends I lost all my street cred that I
had heard people from my life and you
know that was the commitment that was
the sacrifice that I had to make and
that sacrifice has led me here to have
pretty much no one in my life bar Anna
and you guys you know and you know
obviously my family wasp know the gun
pal piece begun you know in the gym no
sacrifice and that's a sacrifice that I
made and that's what has led me here and
III would am I would give it all up
again in a heartbeat I would give it all
up again I give all my friends of all
the money everything I ever had and
everything I've ever caught up high by
pursuing that other road and I'm pretty
sure I'd I probably be married and I
probably have a nice house and middle
class or whatever like you know a nice
car and friends and they'd all stick
around because I don't threaten anyone
because I'm just doing what everyone
else is doing but when you step out when
you're doing something and no one else
is doing and something that makes other
people feel like they might be in
there's a guy yeah if people are not
gonna want to be around you people are
not going to be wiring friends at you
and that was that was a problem that I
had like that's always happened ever
since my struggle of finding my
happiness and I can tell you that right
now I have found it like I have the job
I could
never have even dreamt though I have the
white to be that I could just never
fantasize that I've ever be in a
position like we have this little house
that's ours we have these two of the
most beautiful dogs I've ever had like
and I got you guys every day telling me
we're awesome and how happy I make you
guys and you know it's just I just feel
so complete that I never liked what I
wanted to pursue my happiness I thought
I'd get partly or I feel some sort of
better satisfaction but to be completely
content with nothing but myself and I'll
be in seeing that and you guys I don't
need anything else I don't need that
yeah cool that like when I watch Ana go
off and do like her bachelorette party
scene like obviously there at the time
to teen like know which I'd love the
friends to go and do stuff for then the
lifestyle where I lead it's very
difficult actually maintain a
relationship with someone because we do
this every single day and do the game
thing and I don't know style I think
when we kind of do the same thing so
people know exactly know what we're
doing with each other so there's no like
means like explaining all the time
what's going on and all that you know
and I just I just want to say that like
I'm not unhappy
don't don't think that I am when happy I
might represent myself in that sense
where I'm like no I wish I could go
go-karting go go-karting and
paintballing and laser ball and cool
invented laser bowling I would love to
do all those things but they are they're
not even at one of a half of a percent
of the happiness that I get when you
guys tune in to our show every single
day and you leave comments about how
I've made you happy and how you know
i-i've emotionally moved you somehow by
just watching our lives unfold and
knowing that I managed to get the
strength to where I was five years ago
what I was doing to where I am now like
I just just last few days knowing that
I'm getting married next week I just
keep thinking like I could not have even
imagined that I would actually be here
standing here with all that I have it's
incredible
